FRONTERAS
MAX ESPINOZA


Copyright © 2014 by Max Espinoza
Publisher: Max Espinoza
All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the publisher except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.



For Jack .. So he’ll know. 


CHAPTER ONE
1978. Tijuana, Mexico.
Thirteen hours after they left Oregon, they were in sight of the border. Baca popped another benny to give himself courage, then woke up his passengers who had slept through the night. He announced the sighting to his two passengers and looked for a place to park a safe distance away.
Rodolpho, still half asleep, felt the car slowing and grew nervous. "Why are you stopping?"
Baca turned to look at him. "Éres tu, señor. I want to see how I can change you to look like an American. Como un Chicáno,’sábes?"
"But why?" Rodolpho asked.
"You understand that I simply can't drive you through the border easily, don't you? Now, I have a friend at the border, but he's only my friend for a price. He expects me to pay him to go across with you. And that’s if he's there. If he's not, you have to look even more American."
Baca actually knew no one at the border now that his former contact had been arrested one month before. For a new contact, Baca had stupidly trusted the friend of a friend of a border guard to set things up for him.
He pointed to the floor of the car. "Reach down and take out a small black véliz. Inside is my electric razor. Use it."
As Rodolpho did what he was told, Baca reached for Rodolpho's rancher's hat and took it off his head. "We can do without this." He turned back to his steering wheel. "It makes you look like a ranchero. If you look like a ranchéro, they'll ask questions. Too bad you're not light-haired and light-skinned like my nephew here."
Rodolpho looked at Gabriél the nephew with annoyance and asked Baca, "How are you going to explain him? Say he's Swedish?"
Baca carefully looked at the border guards. The more he looked, the more he became overly cautious. He looked at Rodolpho's shirt. It was a light jersey short-sleeve that revealed Rodolpho's tank-top under-shirt. Baca asked him in his aggravation, "Don't you have another shirt you can wear?"
Rodolpho was becoming angry. "What's wrong with my shirt?"
"Perdóname, señor, but the shirt makes ..." he added an embarrassed laugh, "…It makes you look like a poor Mexican from a small town."
Rodolpho shouted, "But that's what I am!"
"Sí, sí. I know that, but you don't want them to know that. Míra. Over there it's different. They let you go into Los Estádos Unídos according to the way you look. If they see you're dressed like a ranchero, they'll ask you questions and that'll be bad for all of us. So, come on. Get into your bag of clothes and put on another shirt."
As Baca handed him the keys to the trunk, Rodolpho felt a humiliation that made him angry. He tried to suppress it by muttering quiet words of disgust under his breath. He opened the trunk and made vows for the days when money would be his. He was going to buy expensive clothes. But he slowly calmed as each button of his shirt was put into place. When he got back into the car, he ordered Baca to drive on.
Baca held up a hand as he adjusted his seat. “I want to tell you the plans," he said. "Now, when I get to the gate, the man is going to ask everyone if he’s an American citizen. Everybody say 'yeah.' Not sí or 'yes' but 'yeah.' That way he doesn't hear your accent.”
Gabriél looked concerned at his uncle. "Is all this necessary, tío?"
Baca assured him. "I've heard people say ‘sí’ or ‘yes’ looking like a peón or a ranchéro, and when the policeman asked them something else in English, they froze because they didn't understand."
Rodolpho moved up in his seat, "But what do you think is going to happen to us?"
Baca sucked his teeth. "Señor, do you speak English?"
"No."
And of Gabriél, he also asked, "Do you speak English?"
"No."
Baca then spoke to Rodolpho's reflection in his rear-view mirror. "You see, in cases like this, it's the only way to go. And, believe me, señor, this plan is a lot better than stuffing you in my trunk!"
Baca started the car and drove to take his place in line at the border. With a hint of a twitch showing on his face, he waited nervously as the border officer looked at the three cars ahead of him.
The car ahead of Baca's required the policeman to check the trunk. Baca held onto the steering wheel tighter and checked Rodolpho's appearance in the rear-view mirror once more. He was glad to see the Mexican looking like a California Chicano rather than a peón.
The driver of the car ahead took a long time explaining the oranges inside a secret compartment of the trunk. The policeman took possession of them and ordered the man to drive off. After storing the bag in his booth, the border guard waved Baca forward.
"Remember, eh. Just say 'yeah'." Baca breathed deeply and drove the car up next to the guard.
Rodolpho tightened his fists that held onto the vinyl seat. Gabriél watched everything carefully.
The guard was a young Caucasian with a handlebar mustache. He asked Baca to turn down the radio and then looked inside the car at everyone.
"Are all you guys American citizens?"
"Oh, yeah," Baca said.
"Yeah," Gabriél said.
"Yeah, shoo," Rodolpho said as Baca winced at the man's attempt to say "sure."
The guard did not seem to catch it. Instead, he kept his eye on Baca and asked if he had anything to declare.
Baca said, "No," adding to his voice a Southern California accent. "I ain't got nothing this time, man."
The guard half-smiled and said mechanically, "You wanna open up your trunk, please?"
Baca took the request outwardly in stride while inwardly feeling the heart beating in his chest.
"Everything seems to be in order," the guard told Baca.
"I could've told you that," Baca said.
The guard half-smiled again. "Well, you never know what you might be smuggling."
Baca's eyes stayed on him.
"Oh," the guard blurted. "I forgot to ask you for your identification."
Baca took out his wallet and showed his drivers license.
"Oh yes, Mr. Baca. We have mutual friends. Larry Dee-yay-go? You know Larry?"
"Yeah," Baca said.
The guard nodded. "Yeah, he said he had a friend with a car like yours." Uh, do you have anything else to show me, sir? Like, say, your green card?"
“I said I was an American citizen," Baca told him. "But tell me, how much green do you usually see in a day?"
"On a good day, 'bout a hundred.”
"Take a good look at my license," Baca said, taking it out of his wallet with two one hundred dollar bills held behind it. With his agile fingers, he divorced one bill from the other and handed the remainder with the license to the guard.
In the car, Rodolpho was afraid to look back. In his mind he could see the doors flinging open, arms grabbing him, pulling him out of the car. Instead, Baca came back laughing. As Baca started the car and drove leisurely across the border, the tension lifted.
When they were far away from the border gate, Rodolpho laid back and howled. Gabriél laughed and Baca kept repeating. "You see? You see? What did I say to you?"
CHAPTER TWO
Within ten minutes of the fourth hour of the afternoon, Baca steered the car off of the freeway onto Soto Street in East Los Angeles. He prayed internally, thanking God for seeing him home. On his way toward Los Angeles' garment district, he stopped at the first gas station he saw to refill his tank and use the telephone. Baca got out of the car and walked toward the phone booth. He waited for a man to finish frustrating himself in a conversation with his wife. But the man seemed as though he would be there forever, so Baca left to find another phone.
In the car, Rodolpho looked at the man wiping the window. Behind the man, he saw two girls walk by. Both were dressed for the hot weather. He stared at the one closest to him. His eyes wandered to her loose breasts that bounced freely under a thin, flowered halter. Rodolpho sighed and heard another sigh in unison with his. He turned and saw Gabriél raising his eyebrows in approval and they both laughed.
When Rodolpho turned to look at the girl again, Gabriel spoke to him. "Que línda, no?"
"Si," Rodolpho said, keeping his eyes on her until she walked out of his sight. "She reminded me of my woman."
Something caught Gabriél's eye. "Look at that one!"
A woman with the looks of a "liberated Chicana" walked by the car. Rodolpho's eyes again stayed fixed on the bouncing breasts. Gabriél looked at her lips, then moved quickly to see the cheeks of her buttocks seesaw up and down.
"I wish I knew her," Gabriél said. "Maybe if I call her over here, she'll come."
"No, no. We're in Los Estádos Unídos now. You have to act refined."
"Cómo, señor? If you act refined, you'll never get any women."
Rodolpho laughed a little, shrugging at the sounds of the truth. Remembering how he chased women when he was a teen, he began to fall into a good-humored mood.
"Go ahead, then," Rodolpho said. "Call the girl over here and see what happens."
"What?" Gabriél looked like a man whose bluff had been called.
Rodolpho could see the sudden shyness of the boy. Out the rear window he saw a pair of gang girls strutting close together, wearing Pendletons over their shorts and halters, combing their hair. "Do you like those girls?"
Gabriél shook his head and then stopped. He saw a plain looking girl standing alone at a bus bench. Rodolpho noticed the eyes of Gabriél looking past him and smiled when he turned and saw the girl. With no warning, Rodolpho slid close to the open window and called out to her.
"Óye, chula!" he shouted. "Óye chula. Míra!" and a whistle was used to help him. "Óye, señorita! The girl waiting for the aútobus! I need your help!"
When Rodolpho saw the girl turn around, he leaned back into the car while holding Gabriél's head out of the open window. Gabriél saw the girl turn completely around and look at him. He smiled at her but muttered to Rodolpho through his teeth. "Why did you do this? What if she comes over here?"
"Pues, talk to her. Isn't that what you wanted?"
With a laugh in his voice, Gabriél called him a son-of-a-bitch and then felt his voice crack. "Oh, Jesús! She's coming! She's coming over here!"
"Stay calm, joven. Stay calm. Just talk to her, that's all."
The girl looked at her watch and then once more behind her to see if the bus was coming. When she came closer to the car, she made her face friendly and asked, "Do you want something?"
Gabriél kept his smile but turned slowly to Rodolpho. Without his help, though, he found himself answering the girl. "Sí, I wanted you ..."
"For what?"
Gabriél didn't know what to say. He had never talked to a girl in this manner before.
Rodolpho sensed Gabriél's hesitance and poked him. "Go on. Tell her what you told me." As Gabriél searched for some words, Rodolpho kept talking. "Well, you're right anyway," he said. "She is pretty. He told me that you were so pretty that he wanted to call you just to be sure you weren't a dream."
The girl wanted to laugh at the familiar sound of complimentary corn, but she saw that Rodolpho's face was sincere. Her eyebrows furrowed and her mouth became stiff.
Now Gabriél felt silly not saying anything, so he blurted, "Do you know how to get to Hollywood?"
With a friendly look, she gave him the directions. But Gabriél didn't hear her. He watched her. She moved delicately. She widened her eyes when she directed herself to him. When she shook her hair away from her face, he watched it as it floated back, catching the sun. He was infatuated with her face and fell into the green of her eyes. When she finished with her directions, he came out of his spell.
"Do you live around here?" he asked.
"Sí. Over there, past the corner on Malabar Street."
She quickly changed the subject. "Is this your car?"
"Where on Malabar?"
"Is this your car?" she repeated.
Gabriél looked at Rodolpho, who nodded. Gabriél answered the girl, "Sí, It's mine."
"How much did you pay for it?"
He made up a price that sounded good. "Do you like it?" Gabriél asked her.
The girl loved it, but only described her feelings with the word "nice."
She watched him as he spoke of how the car salesman had wanted to charge him more for the car, and how he had told him to go fuck himself. She watched the way he moved his head as he spoke; the tight skin of his face showing his facial muscles flexing when her looked at her eyes. She felt a smooth ease when she saw his teeth when he spoke and smiled, forming deep dimples. She made sure to give eye contact now when she addressed him hoping that he would ask again where she lived.
Then as she glanced away to look for her bus, Gabriél asked what her name was.
She offered freely. "Sandra."
"Where do you live again?"
She repeated, "Malabar Street," and gave him directions on how to get there. Gabriél searched frantically for a pencil and paper and found them in the glove compartment. "Would you write it down?" he asked as he shoved the objects into her hand.
She wrote quickly as she heard the sound of the bus approaching. When she finished, she rushed to catch the doors before they closed, waving goodbye all the way.
Gabriél waved and watched the bus drive away. He folded the girl's information and placed it in his pocket. Rodolpho patted him on the back and laughed. Gabriél was wearing a wide, proud grin.
Baca arrived a half-hour later, wiping his mouth clean and belching from the meal he had just eaten.
"Where've you been?" Gabriél asked his uncle. "The guy who works here has been nagging us to pay him."
Baca offered no apologies. He started the car and told the two that he had called the factory owner who would give them jobs. He wanted to see them at six o'clock. Baca belched loudly. "Rather than wait around," he added, "I ate a hamburger."
Rodolpho thought of names to call Baca. The least he could have done was to offer coffee for everyone rather than to sneak away and fill his fat stomach by himself. Rodolpho could feel his hunger stirring. He began to taste the frustratingly faint taste of his woman's corn tortillas and meat. Or sópes would be nice. Or fish. His woman would be serving it to him right now. His woman would be eating it with him right now.
Gabriél was again staring at the piece of paper on which Sandra had written her name, address and telephone number. Then he sat back in his seat and grinned wide as he dreamed of the nights he could spend with her.
CHAPTER THREE
When Baca arrived at the factory, he led Rodolpho and Gabriél up the thirty-six steps that greeted them when they entered. A few workers were meandering after working hours, waiting for other people to get off work or just killing the passing minutes until it was time to catch the next bus home.
Baca led the three-man parade through the long eggshell white corridor that was highlighted by patches of dusk red that came in through the windows. Gabriél looked around to see if there were any pretty girls. Rodolpho’s head pointed downward as he shyly looked out of the corner of his eyes to see if people were noticing he was a stranger here.
Baca opened a door on the left side of the hallway. Behind the door was a desk. Behind the desk was a tan-faced balding man who looked up from the report he was reading. His face showed no emotion when he slouched forward to shake Baca's hand and then sat back in his seat.
Although Rodolpho knew no English, he felt at ease with the balding man's friendly voice. Gabriél concentrated on the solemnity of the meeting. It froze him.
Baca put his California Chicano accent to work. "Hey, Marvin. How was Miami, man?”
Marvin smiled. "Miami's Miami. Full of the best whores and blow money can buy."
"Oh I know 'bout that good stuff, man.
"The guy who set me up with a girl was named Baca too. Any relation?"
“Hey, Marvin. How many times do I have to tell you, man? Miami's full o' Cubans. I'm a Mexican.
Marvin grinned. He knew he was being set up for a joke. “Well, what's the difference between a Cuban and a Mexican?” 
“The Cubans wash our windows, man.”
Marvin laughed. He was almost going to tell Baca the one that goes how does a Pollack grease his car? He runs over a Méxican, but time was short. His wife was expecting him for a dinner party at six-thirty.
He tossed an inquisitive finger toward Rodolpho and Gabriél. "Are these the guys?"
"Freshly imported and packaged for your protection.”
Marvin chuckled, sat back and looked the men over. Baca turned and spoke to them.
"Este es Marvin Silvers, el jéfe de todo." Baca then looked at Marvin and smiled. "I just introduced you to them."
Silvers shook off the interpretation. "I know what you said. I'm the one who speaks Spanish, remember? So tell me, who're these guys? What're their names?"
Baca pointed, "That's Rodolpho Marcias, and this one's Gabriél Ortega. He's my nephew."
Silvers turned to Baca, shocked. "So you're selling members of your own family now, eh? Baca you're a bastard."
"All good businessmen are, Marvin."
Rodolpho and Gabriél stood waiting to shake Silvers' hand. But Silvers kept his seat, looking them over, guessing their ages, evaluating strength to size and speaking English to Baca.
"They look strong enough, but will they do a full day's work?"
"Just tell them what you want done."
"The last ones you brought me ran out on me y’know."
"Talk to them, Marvin. Ask them."
Silvers looked at Rodolpho and switched his tongue to Spanish. "You! Are you willing to work for me?"
"Si, señor. I can do anything you want me to do."
“You look strong. Can you lift?"
He answered self-assured, looking at Baca. "Sure I can lift. Twice my weight."
"Good, I need somebody to lift the bolts of fabrics in and out of the trucks. Do you think you can do that? …Good!"
He looked at Gabriél and spoke in English. “And you?" he asked. "Are you also willing to do anything?" He spoke to him in such a stern voice that Gabriél wondered what the anger was for. Silvers spoke his sentence again in Spanish.
"Oh, si'," Gabriél answered. "I'll do whatever has to be done."
"Bueno. For the time being you'll help Rodolpho. I think maybe later we'll teach you to be a person who cuts the fabric. Now, I want both of you here by seven o'clock in the morning. I won't stand for it if you re late. Baca told me that you would work a ten-hour day. Is that right?"
Both Gabriél and Rodolpho hesitated. Ten hours was a long time. Gabriél wanted to refuse, but did not want to be labeled a weakling. Rodolpho thought of his need for money and how ten hours a day would supply him with more. He nodded in agreement, and Gabriél copied him.
Rodolpho then added, "It would be a pleasure to work for you, señor. You seem like an understanding man, so I don't mind telling you that the extra money will come in handy. Gracias for giving me a ten-hour day" He immediately realized he was saying too much, but it was the only way he could think of to display his sincerity.
"That's all right," Silvers said. "Wait until you see the work and then you can thank me. Now, I want both of you to come here first thing tomorrow morning and I'll have somebody show you where you’ll be working. There are rules I tell all the people I hire through Señor Baca, and I expect you to follow them. Rule number one is, if you get caught by the immigration, you've never seen me, you've never heard of me, you don't even work here. That's if they ask you. And rule number two is that I don't tolerate laziness with you people. If you don't come to work, you don't get paid for that day. I don't care about your reason. Your leg could be cut off - I don't care. If you're not here, you don't get paid. Remember those two rules and you'll be here for a long time, okay?”
Both men nodded.
"Okay, Baca. Tell them to wait outside."
Baca outstretched his hands and ushered both men out the door. He stayed with Silvers for a long ten minutes, making jokes and trying to ease his way into another contract to bring in more Mexicans. Marvin wasn't interested, but he laughed at all the jokes while he signed Baca's check for $400. He knew that the price was steep, but workers were needed. Other coyótes charged cheaper prices for Mexican workers, but the men were usually old men, or weak men, or fugitives. The women were usually fat and married, and not very good for work. Baca was a man who could get good workers with strong backs. Baca hand-chose his Mexicans and passed the cost of the gas and expenses to the boss-man who was willing to pay the price of a prime worker. Silvers knew he was getting his money's worth.
Baca left the office trying harder to sell Silvers on the idea that he needed more Mexicans in the factory. But Silvers eased him out and closed the door in his face after a very abrupt goodbye. Baca was embarrassed when he saw Gabriél and Rodolpho looking at him, but he controlled his temper. He slipped into a coat of dignity with an adjustment of his collar. He jerked his hands, signaling them to follow him down the staircase.
Baca addressed himself to Gabriél. "I know where there is a hotel close by," he told Gabriél. "I’d have you stay at my house, but your tía has her relatives from Zacatécas staying with us. Anyway, the hotel is close enough so that you can walk to work every morning.”
Rodolpho extended his hand as Baca turned toward him.
"Gracias por todo, Señor Baca,” he said. “I’ll never forget you, ever."
Baca took him to one side. "I'm glad you said that, señor. You still owe me four hundred dólares.”
Rodolpho looked puzzled, disbelieving. 
"You said your price was four hundred dólares, so I owe you two hundred more."
Baca confirmed what he had said. "Remember? The price to bring you over here is six hundred dólares. You've already given me the first two hundred, where's the rest of it? Pay me, señor, or I’ll have to send you back.”
"How do you expect me to pay you." he asked  Baca. "All I have in my pocket is fifty dólares, and that's supposed to last me through the week.”
"Well then," Baca said, "I'll be fair with you. When they pay you here, you pay me fifty dólares, and fifty every week after that until I get my four hundred dólares."
"You mean two hundred."
"My price is six hundred dólares and you owe me four hundred. What's wrong with you, menso? Don’t you clean your ears at the ranch?"
"Mira, Señor Baca. I have a good memory. I know you told me only two hundred dólares when we were in México. Now you're trying to cheat me by raising the price to four hundred and now to six hundred. Why? How do you know I can even pay it? I don t even know how much they're going to pay me!"
"Four dólares for every hour. Don’t worry, señor, you'll be able to pay me off in no time."
"Six hundred dólares?" Rodolpho repeated, to make sure it was the right price this time.
"Six hundred," Baca repeated. "Plus a protection fee."
"Protection fee? What protection fee?"
"Another twenty-five dólares, señor. Whenever you get caught by la immigracion, I use it to pay them off."
"You're crazy," Rodolpho said angrily.
"Maybe so, but the money will have to be paid."
"Pues, I wish you luck in collecting it, because I'm not going to pay it!"
He started to walk away, but Baca pulled him back by the back of his shirt. "I'm warning you now, señor," he told Rodolpho. "Don't cheat me or I'll call la immigrácíon on you faster than you can blink. I'll tell them where you work and live and they'll be after your balls with a razor. They'll put you in jail, and jail over here is a lot worse than it is in México."
Rodolpho had been an Obrégon policeman, so he knew the conditions of a jailhouse. Thinking of conditions worse than those scared him into submitting to Baca.
Baca nodded. “Bueno. Remember, señor. Every week, seventy-five dólares."
Rodolpho slumped in humiliation. Baca patted him on the shoulder and gently pushed him away. Baca turned to his nephew and directed him to the car. Gabriél looked past his uncle to Rodolpho. He asked Baca, "Isn't Señor Marcias coming with us?"
Baca shook his head, and Gabriél excused himself to rush after him.
Gabriél asked Rodolpho, "Where're you going, mano?"
"I'm going to look for a place to sleep.
"Are you going anywhere special? I mean, do you have a family here?"
"No."
"Friends?"
"No."
"Well then, come," Gabriél said, slapping Rodolpho's arm lightly. "My tío can find you a place to live."
Rodolpho continued to walk. "No, don't bother him. He's done enough for me already."
Gabriél walked along with him. "But where are you going to sleep? In the park?"
"If I can't find anyplace else, sí. Oh, I've done it before. It's not bad."
"And if the police find you. What are you going to do then?"
The question seemed to work. Rodolpho stopped. Gabriél added, "They'll send you back to México. Or maybe they'll put you in prison. Why don't you come live with me?"
"Óye!" They heard Baca shout. "Señor Marcias, you forgot your clothes'" Rodolpho saw Baca holding up the paper bag of clothing.
Gabriél told him. "You might as well come back and take a ride to the place my tio is going to find for me."
Rodolpho looked at Gabriél with a skeptical eye "Why are you so anxious to have me live with you?"
"Pues, I figure that since we're both new here, it's going to be hard to survive without knowing somebody. It'll be a comfort to have a friend nearby, right?"
The temptation was there. A room close to the job with a comfortable bed at night. A place where the police would not be waking him up and asking for his papers. Rodolpho began to smile but did not like the idea of living so close with the relative of a man who was going to steal from him every week. He opened his mouth to refuse, but he caught an honest glint in Gabriél's eyes. He hesitated once more and then gave in. He indicated for Gabriél to lead the way. He would take his chances.
Baca took the men to an apartment complex with rooms that were above a second-hand clothes store that had gone out of business. He kept his salesman tongue wagging at top speed, weaving words about the luxury of an indoor toilet.
The landlady who showed them the apartment was a sagging old woman who kept telling Baca that she hated "beaners" but tolerated them as long as they paid their rent on time. After describing the "assets" of the one-room closet the woman asked Baca in confidential English if the two men were homosexuals, since they were willing to share the same bed. When Baca translated, Rodolpho and Gabriél laughed, but they felt uncomfortable every time they looked at the bed.
"Do you like it?" Baca asked without purpose. It was this or nothing. He gave the landlady $80 for the first month's rent. She left to get blankets for the naked mattress.
Baca wished the two good luck. To his nephew he promised periodical visits, and he kept an eye on Rodolpho to see if he had caught his meaning. Rodolpho stared back and wondered again if he were doing the right thing.
When Baca left, the two men wandered around the room as if they were inspecting a small cage. Then Gabriél laid flat on the mattress and Rodolpho stared out the window. Neither said a word. It was only after Gabriél's stomach grumbled that Rodolpho suggested dinner. Gabriél added to it a suggestion of a celebration.
"No," Rodolpho said.
"Why not?" Gabriél grunted. "Celebration is for welcoming new things. Being here is new for me and for you. It's almost a sin if we don't celebrate!" Gabriél was now becoming excited.
"No," Rodolpho said. "There's work tomorrow and I don't want to go with a hangover. We'll celebrate some other time."
Gabriél got his coat from a chair. "Then, señor, let’s at least take a walk."
They walked for four blocks until they saw a liquor store/deli. They bought bologna, bread, beer, potato chips, ham and cheese. When they took it home, they ate for an hour and drank beer until they both realized they had been to the bathroom twice. They talked of friends who made it to the United States and were sent back. They became tired, so tired that they tried to keep the conversation alive with trivial topics such as theories of potato chip making and why beer tasted its best after a hot day. Gabriél concentrated on another sandwich while Rodolpho slipped into a dream that pulled him toward sleep. After a while Gabriél concentrated on a plan to pick up a good looking woman and bring her to the room. The concentration hypnotized him and he slept the rest of the night.
The pickle-faced landlady walked past the room on her way to complain about a blaring radio. She looked in the open door and saw Rodolpho lying on the floor and Gabriél sprawled on the naked mattress, his head resting on the blankets she had delivered in their absence. She sucked her teeth in disgust at the sight.


CHAPTER FOUR
During his first night in the United States, Rodolpho kept waking up from a comfortable sleep to look at his watch. He woke an hour before he and Gabriél were supposed to report for work. After washing the sleep from his eyes with cold water, he woke Gabriél. He then paced around in a circle, thinking about his plans for the future instead of worrying about what lay ahead of him today. First days of employment tended to make his nerves quiver. Fear of first-day mistakes and the looks from experienced workers around him made him feel embarrassed. The more he kept his mind on other things, the better the day would be.
At the factory the two walked side-by-side talking to each other for the comfort in knowing that each was as nervous as the other. Together they went to Silvers' office and waited for him, but he never showed. So they proceeded to look for a room that resembled a place where men would go to load and unload fabric. They searched for fifteen minutes before Rodolpho found a man with the familiar features of an Azteca.
"Óye," he said to the man. "Would you know where they unload the trucks around here?"
The man's face looked blank and unsure. "What?"
Rodolpho repeated the question. Every Spanish word flowed loosely and clearly from his tongue.
The man said, "What?"
Rodolpho said the words a bit more loudly, opening his mouth wider to enunciate each word.
The man said, "What?"
Rodolpho was exasperated.
The man spoke up. "I don't know any Spanish.”
Rodolpho said, "Qué?"
The man replied. "I can't speak Spanish.”
Rodolpho said, "Qué?"
The man enunciated with his own variation of the wide-mouth.
Rodolpho said, "Qué?"
Both men shrugged and shook their heads, both thinking the other was a congenital idiot. Imagine, the man thought, these stupid wetbacks can’t even take time to learn the language when they get here. “Imagine,” thought Rodolpho. “Un Mexicáno doesn’t even know how to speak his own language.”
They both shook their heads again, expressing pity for "that example" of their race.
Rodolpho and Gabriél continued in their search, finding themselves in the garage, the utility room, and a stationery supply closet. They roamed the premises until they heard the noises of trucks, men ordering to place boxes "here," and the thumps and bangs of heavy crates dropping. Following these noises brought them to the loading dock. They saw the men loading bolts of fabric onto some of the trucks while others unloaded crates from other trucks. Small forklifts seemed like work ants, attending to their work and letting nothing stop them. The men had the dehumanized look of the zombie on their faces as they performed hard for their money. As Gabriél followed Rodolpho to the foreman’s office, he vowed that he would not be here long.
Rodolpho looked for any man giving orders. When he saw a large Caucasian with red hair shouting for a group of men to hustle their asses, he approached him. When the red-haired man saw the two coming, he gave one last order before recognizing them. He spoke to them in English. "What can I do for you?"
Rodolpho spoke up. "Nosotros somos los que el jefe habló de su trabajo!."
The red-haired man looked blank.
Rodolpho pointed to Gabriél and himself. "El y yo,” he said. "We're the ones the boss talked to about working here. He hired us yesterday. Do you understand?"
The red-haired man still looked blank. He turned for help and saw Octavio Ramos lifting a giant bolt of fabric from the floor at the count of three. He called to him and Ramos reluctantly dropped everything.
"Octayveeo," the man said. "You speak their lingo. What's this guy want?"
Octavio looked at Rodolpho. Rodolpho explained."Tell him that the boss gave us jobs here."
Octavio looked skeptical. "What's the man's name?"
Rodolpho searched his memory and looked at Gabriel for help.
"Marveen Silvahrs," Gabriél said.
The man's face lit up. "Are these the guys that are supposed to come in today?"
Octavio nodded once. "Yeah."
"Tell 'em I know all about 'em. You show 'em how everything goes around here, 'kay Octayveeo?"
Octavio spoke to the two men, taking on the air of wise teacher. He walked away from them and they followed. Octavio stopped to view the panoramic scene of the men working on the loading dock. He looked for empty places in the huddled clumps of men who worked together. When he spotted one, he pointed it out for Gabriél.
"Help those men put those piles of pallets on the trucks over there."
Gabriél walked slowly toward the men and evaluated the method of operation. He began his part by copying the other men, feeling awkward at first. This monkey-see/monkey-do was embarrassing. (Shouldn't he already know how to do this job? Had his mind slipped so badly that it no longer knew what was naturally done?) He looked around to see if anyone was laughing at the way he was working. But once he got into the robot motions of the work, his mind turned to other things.
Rodolpho followed Octavio to his own clump of workers and began to lift heavy crates, placing them into other crates, making room for more crates that were going to come in.
"Just lift 'em," Octavio told him, "and set 'em aside on top of these others."
Rodolpho nodded.
"Do you understand?" Octavio asked in Spanish.
Rodolpho nodded more profoundly.
Octavio lifted another box and strained his voice. "See how simple it is?"
Rodolpho nodded more and said "sí"and "sí" again.
Octavio lifted one more box and added Spanish warning-words of how the boxes were heavy, how important it was to know what you were doing.
Goddamnit!" Rodolpho thought. Si! Si! His pride wanted to shout to the man. Yes, he understood. He wasn't simple-minded.
Octavio cleared the way for Rodolpho. "Now you do it."
Rodolpho had to laugh. The man actually took his job that seriously? This wasn't a doctor's job. There were no intricate procedures involved in lifting a crate like this and putting it on another box like that.
"No," Octavio hollered. "You're doing it wrong!"
"What? How?"
Octavio turned the box around so that the red lettering reading "THIS END UP" was facing the outside. "Like this!" he told Rodolpho. "We have to see these words here. Otherwise, some dumb fucker's going to come along and take it out and set it down on the side that should be up."
"Oh."
"So try it again."
He lifted the box and placed it by the box he had lifted before. He placed it on the wrong side and fixed it quickly. He didn't wait for a look of approval, but Octavio gave him one anyway, then patted his back once and proceeded to work alongside him.
The hours passed slowly for Gabriél because he kept asking one of the workers for the time. But, as his mind wandered to a solitary daydream that was orchestrated by a song that a man kept whistling, he seemed to forget about everything else. Time now seemed to ride by on racing wheels.
When the lunch whistle blew, the men dropped their work and raced in a working man's pace to a vehicle that the driver called a "lunch wagon," but which the men called a "roach coach." Gabriél and Rodolpho bought the "novelties" of sandwiches wrapped in cellophane and sat by Octavio, who was attending to a homemade tuna fish sandwich.
Octavio looked at the sandwiches with disgust. "Let me tell you something about that truck," he told the two men. "It changes into an ambulance."
Rodolpho said in earnest, "Really?"
"Sí. It has to, to take care of all the people who buy food from it."
"What's wrong with the food?" Gabriél asked.
"Nothing, if you like roaches."
Gabriél began to examine his sandwich.
"I don't buy anything from that truck," Octavio said. "They'll sell anything to you if you're a Mexican."
Nearby, one Mexican man nudged another and rolled his eyes at Octavio's words. They were entering another one of those moments when Octavio was going to voice, for La Raza, the hardships they all must suffer.
"I bring my own lunch," Octavio continued. "Although I think there's something wrong with the bread I buy from the Jew grocer. He doesn't like Mexicans either."
"Does he know you?" the nudger asked.
"Yeah," Octavio said.
"Then that's probably why he hates Mexicans. He thinks we're all full of bullshit, like you."
Octavio stood. In English, he said, "What did you say?"
"You heard," the other man said, biting into his sandwhich.
Octavio swung a loose hand to the other man's face and shoved a fist to follow it. The man next to the nudger rose to his feet and quickly gave the stance of a fighter. He lunged himself at Octavio and almost hit his face with a fist, but missed. Clumps of men turned and began to watch the fight as they ate.
The red-haired man wanted to watch too, but he knew his job would be lost if blood was spilled. He walked to the fighting men and said, "All right, cool it!" He shoved Octavio away from the other man. To the other man, he talked about the dangers of fighting with such a "lunatic" as Octavio.
Octavio cursed the man as he was being led away. Then he turned to watch Rodolpho's expression. It was a look of curiosity and it made him laugh. "That's one of the dirt clods that hangs around here," he told him. “Don't let what he says bother you."
"You did," Gabriél said to him.
"Pues, that's because I've had a bad day today. That man with the red hair? He said he was going to fire me if I didn't do my job better."
Rodolpho bit into his apple. "Then maybe you should do your work better."
"Nah! Lies. He tells me nothing but lies. He wants to fire me because I'm a Mexican. Ése gríngo doesn't like Mexicans. He just kisses our asses when he wants us to do a good job so that he can get the credit. He hates me the most. Mostly because he knows I'm on to his tricks."
Rodolpho drank his orange juice and Gabriél went to buy a refill of coffee.
"I've been around," Octavio continued. "I know all the tricks los gabachos play con la raza."
"What games?" Rodolpho asked.
"Oh, you know what games, carnal’. What's the matter?" he asked with a joke in his voice. "Did you just come across the border?"
Rodolpho let the apple enter the wrong tube to his stomach. After he finished choking, Rodolpho answered, "No! No, I've been here for a long time. I've had my papers since …cheeeeee! How about you?"
Octavio moved his hands to shoo any lies. "Oh, I was born here. Ayà en El Paso, Texas. I've lived here long enough to know how the gringo cheats us. You do too, I bet."
Rodolpho nodded. "But how have they cheated you?" he asked.
"Pues," Octavio sighed. "Before I was working here I was working at a cabinet factory, I did it all. The wood-cutting, hammer and nail stuff, even the carving, tu sábes? I was making six dólares an hour there and I worked hard. I never, ever missed a day. Until, one day, I sprained my back. I couldn't work for about three months, the doctor told me. So I called my job and I told them my doctor told me I couldn't work. I called them every day until the lady at work told me I shouldn't call anymore. She told me I was bothering her.
"So I didn't call for the rest of the three months until the doctor said I could go back to work again. When I went back, the foreman told me I was fired. I asked him why, and you know what he said? He said that I never called the company to tell them I was sick. So I went to the lady who answered the phone and told her who I was. It was the same woman I talked to before, because she said she had always answered the calls. Pues, she told me that I never called her. To my face she told me this!"
Rodolpho sighed in sympathy." "Míra no mas."
That's the way the gringo treats el Méxicáno, carnal’. Some people will try and tell me different, but I know. To make it en los Estádos Unídos, all you have to be is white. They don't care if you're dumb, or if you cheat people. What matters is that you're white."
He paused for a moment, then disagreed with himself. "No, I shouldn't say that. A Mexican does have a chance here. But only if he looks white. Only then, he'll use his being white to cheat the Mexican.
"For instance, I had me a lawyer. He was a Mexican and I trusted him. When I was suing the cabinet factory, he was always asking for money so that he could make some legal preparations for the hearing I had to go to. He kept asking, asking, asking and I kept giving, giving, giving until I caught him spending my money on real estate and the stock market. El pinche cabrón, ese. He was never near a courtroom, and there I was giving him money for a year!
"Then I got another lawyer. Ótro Méxicáno, tu sábes? He got me nineteen hundred dólares from the union, but that didn't do much good. It was nearly three years later and I had a lot of bills to pay. I was still broke.
"I couldn't find another job anywhere. Everywhere I applied, I found out, they would call my old job and they'd tell them that I was unreliable, that I drank on the job. I mean, I never did that. My lawyer told me that I could sue them for that, but with what money?
"And that bitch from the job - I'd like to get her someday. If not to kill her, just to make her feel as useless as I used to feel when I was out of work. I'd break both her arms and legs and put her in a room full of beautiful people who would look at her with disgust every day and would give her their leftovers and who would trick her, deceive her, tease her, and laugh at her because she's helpless. Then she would know the agony I felt just because I was a Mexican in this country. Ese pínche cabróna! Then she would know!"
Rodolpho stared at the man as if he had been enveloped into a performance. He saw the man's eyes and noticed that they had turned red and water-filled during the telling of the story. Octavio sighed and bent his head low, placing his hand to feel the stubble of his beard.
Gabriél, who had fallen into the role of a drop-jawed listener, asked Octavio, "What did you do then? How did you get here?"
Octavio glanced at Gabriél and then avoided looking at his pitying expression. He spoke slowly, pausing between his words, regretful that he had told the story when, in fact, he wanted to forget it. "A man I know told me about this place," Octavio told Gabriél. "They hired me with no questions asked."
Rodolpho shook his head. "All that hardship must have been hard for your family."
Octavio slowly came out of a daydream. “Qué?"
"Your family. It must have been hard on them."
Octavio paused for a moment to check his thoughts. Then, with a large inhale, he leaped into an awakened spirit. "Sí. Sí. I have a son, you know. He's a doctor. His name is Jesús. He makes a lot of money and comes to visit me. Oh, and my wife ... my wife."
A confused look came over Octavio as his face seemed to redden and his eyes became watery. He excused himself with a smile and abruptly disappeared behind a truck while pulling out a handkerchief from his pants pocket.
Like the sweat dripping from the men's foreheads, the hours evaporated slowly. Five o'clock prompted a whistle to sound and everyone in the factory to relax. It was quitting time.
Rodolpho had to finish placing a bolt of fabric into a large trailer truck before he could leave.
"Andele!" he heard Gabriél shout in relief. "It's finally time to go!"
Rodolpho walked slowly out of the trailer, looking around for Octavio. He had not seen him since lunch. When he could not find him, he shrugged, knowing he would probably see him tomorrow.
The two men walked around the corner where they saw a group of workers walking to their cars. They walked silently amongst the rest of the men and did not talk when the red-haired man came near them.
The red-haired man had just finished discussing with a Chicano foreman some rumors that were circulating the factory. When he looked away and saw Rodolpho and Gabriél, he stared at them until they looked back. "How do you like work?" he asked Gabriél.
When Rodolpho turned around, the red-haired man asked again in perfect enunciation, "How ... do ... you… like…work?"
The two men smiled a friendly smile and nodded.
"Do…you…like…it...fine?"
Rodolpho looked at Gabriél. "What'd he say?"
"I think he's saying we're doing good work here."
The red-haired man nudged his friend. "Carlos, you lingo the lingo. Ask 'em if they like working here."
Carlos leaned forward as he walked. "Como te gusta el trabájo ?"
They gave a nod to the red-haired man and spoke as if he were deaf. "We…like ... it... fine, señor."
The red-haired man leaned over to Carlos. "What was the tall guy and Octayveeo talking about? Ask him."
Carlos served as interpreter. Rodolpho addressed himself to the red-haired man. "We were just talking about things," Rodolpho said. "Just things."
When the red-haired man understood, he addressed himself to Rodolpho. "You better watch yourself, boy. That Octayveeo is dangerous."
Rodolpho asked, "What do you mean, dangerous?"
"He's a weird egg,” the red-haired man said, his finger twirling circles to the side of his head. “He's crazy. He thinks everybody is against him. He hates every fuckin' white guy he sees."
"Don't worry. All we were talking about was his wife and his son who's a doctor."
"What wife? What son?" He directed his voice at Carlos. "Tell him Octayveeo doesn't have a wife or son. He doesn't have anybody. Tell him that they both died on him a long time ago."
Carlos interpreted and added, "He told me once that his son was a lawyer. He told someone else that his son was president of a chemical plant and his wife was in the movies. Don't believe anything he tells you. That man is a sad case."
Rodolpho agreed to watch himself. He felt it was a pity, though, that Octavio was one of those men who was outcast from the rest of the workers. Until any wrong was done him, Rodolpho decided he would remain friendly to Octavio, or at least try. Gabriél laughed when he heard about Octavio, and swore to keep his distance from the looney.
The subtle feeling of relief warmed Rodolpho’s chest as he walked home. A good day’s work made him feel good again. Things were not bad here in the United States, he thought. Baca was just a bad coincidence. Once he was rid of him, life in America would be basically easy. A little hard work, but basically easy.
At home, the closed room smelled from the soured milk and stale food. Rodolpho began to rid the room of garbage only because the odor began to give him a headache. Gabriél lay on the bed with his arms folded, feeling his pectoral muscles and then rubbing his nipples while yawning. His left hand ran over a folded paper in his shirt pocket. He took it out and recognized it before unfolding it. He looked at the phone number that Sandra had written and tried to burn it into his memory. He sat up and searched his pockets for a dime.
Across the street, beside a bar, he found a phone booth that had been used for personal homages and character assassinations since the first day it was installed. He called Sandra. When she answered, she played forgetful and tried to recall who he was for a long time. He eased himself into her affections and made her laugh with coy humor.
She talked about what she had been doing that day, and he reported what he had done. She spoke of girlfriends who dated cholos. He listened attentively. She then excused herself to go to the bathroom and let him talk to her girlfriend. Gabriél humored the girlfriend. Then, on extension phones, both girls talked to him and eventually invited him over, along with the long blue car Sandra had been so attracted to. They could spend the evening riding around the neighborhood, they told him. Gabriél's body steamed, but he had to refuse, telling them that his car didn't have much gas and that he had to get up early in the morning for work anyway.
Telling these two girls that he had no car and asking them if they would mind riding in a bus with him seemed awkward and silly. Lies for him were well-intentioned. They seemed to enliven a situation with brighter colors. Especially lies to these girls. The rewards were going to be so fruitful.
When Rodolpho had cleaned the room of wasted food, he saw that the mattresses were naked and decided to make the beds. After he had done so, he stepped back and admired his work until he realized that all this activity was trivial and just for the purpose of keeping his mind off his loneliness.
He walked to the window and stared at the sky. The sun setting behind the forty-year-old buildings of downtown Los Angeles amused him for a short time. Then a look at the streets turned his attentions to the people who were walking below. A man and a woman talking to each other interested him. Two girls reminded him of his wife. Passing children brought to mind his own. If only he could talk to them.
Letters were promised, no? He could write letters to his wife everyday. This would be the only way he could have her near him. He hypnotized himself into more memories of her and his much-repeated promises of "someday." He seemed to grow happier as he gave in to his day dream. He walked to the bed and talked to the image of her that he held in his mind. She was in the kitchen making dinner. She was on the porch playing with the baby. She was walking with him through the streets of their town. She was beside him in bed.
He stopped talking.
As he sat on the edge of the bed, he felt himself at home, standing before her, kissing her neck. Now she was beside him in bed again. He rolled over and kissed her mouth. The flavor of her tongue could be tasted. The fragrance of her breath could be sensed. The touch of her thigh. The feel of her breast. The urge to be with her grew. This compulsive craving had to be, for the first time in a long time, suppressed.
Maybe it was easy to get another woman for tonight? But she would not be the same as his woman. He rose from the bed and stuck his hands into his pockets and rattled his change. He was hungry and wanted something to eat. Something different. He left the room, locking the door with his key, and stepped loosely down the staircase. When he was outside, he saw Gabriél walking toward him.
As they both made the trip to the liquor store/deli again, they talked about something to do tonight. Nothing seemed entertaining except a game of cards. When they entered the store, they went their separate ways. Financial conservatism was the priority, since they both had no money to squander. They bought a can of tuna, Weber's bread, beer and the necessities. These necessities were picked by Gabriél, who thought far ahead enough to remember the can opener for the tuna. Also, there were playing cards, Spanish language novela comic books, girlie magazines and fan magazines that focused on wrestling heroes. Rodolpho still thought of his woman when he bought a pen and writing tablet with envelopes.
In the room, the hours were spent with the food and the playing cards. Stakes were agreed to, but with the understanding that loses would be returned to their original owner. No eyebrow was raised by either party when they saw what little money there was between them. The only concern that was important was the fact that Gabriél was winning most of the time. Rodolpho's pride began to suffer from the beating, so the game had to continue. He had to show himself and this "boy" that he was a little more masterful with the cards than luck was allowing him tonight. By the first hour of the next day, sleep had taken them both.
CHAPTER FIVE
As the men neared the ninth block of their eleven-block walk to work they heard the morning whistle scream from the factory. They began to move at a faster pace until they were running. They were late for their second day like they had been for their first.
"Yes,” they would tell the foreman, "We know we're late. No, it won't happen again."
They reached the factory's receiving yard and walked to their places. Most of the familiar faces from yesterday were working. Rodolpho helped Octavo with a giant bolt of fabric by steering the back side while Octavio guided the front.
"I'm glad you made it back," Octavio said.
Rodolpho nodded his greeting.
Gabriél busily stacked boxes for twenty minutes until he felt a finger poke into his back. He turned quickly, instead of following his reflexes and running away. He planned to tell this immigration officer behind him that he was an American citizen and then pray that he would be believed. But when he saw the face of the man who had poked him, he was relieved to see that it was the red-haired man.
"Is your name Gaybrul," the man asked in English.
Gabriél tried to decipher Gaybrul. The red-haired man looked to another worker and asked him to translate.
"Oh, Gabriél? Sí, I'm Gabriél."
"Yeah, well you're not supposed to be working here.”
Octavio waited for the translation. When he heard it he asked why.
Octavio hollered out in English, "Because you’re Mexican! Right?"
The red-haired man turned to Octavio in tired disgust. "Shut-up, Rahmus. I'm gonna send him upstairs " Then he looked at the translator.  Tell Gaybrul they're gonna teach 'im how to be a cutter up there.”
“Oh, sí," Gabriél remembered. "Este Silbahrs told me something like that."
The red-haired man gave Gabriél a slip of paper, then told the translator, "Tell him to take this up to Floorez on the top floor.”
The translator gave Gabriél the information, but the red-haired man interrupted. "Tell him the top floor," and then repeated directly to Gabriél in a loud, wide-mouthed manner, making a diagram with his hands. He looked to his translator. "There'll be a lot of women sewing up there. Tell him, so he'll know what to look for."
"He knows," the translator said.
The red-haired man pointed to the slip of paper he had given Gabriél, then said in a loud, slow manner, "Give this to the foreman up there… the foreman!" He asked the translator, "How do you say foreman?"
"Just say el patrón."
"El Puh-trone. Give it to el puh-trone."
Gabriél looked at the paper. He walked hesitantly into the factory. Inside the shipping department was a door that led to the stairs, which extended to the top of the six-story building.
The red-haired man looked to his interpreter and smiled. "El puh-trone, eh?"
"El patrón."
"That's what I said. El puh-trone. Hey! I'm bi-lateral!"
"Bilingual!"
The red-haired man walked away laughing to himself, thinking that he had just done a funny routine that would be a scream to tell at parties.
Octavio watched him walk away and said to Rodolpho, "Ese guero doesn't like Mexicans. That's why he got rid of Gabriél. He wants to get rid of us one by one." Then, in loud English to the red-haired man, "Is that what you want, boss? You don't like us, so you want to get rid of us, right?"
The man turned to Octavio with a look of distaste. "Rahmus, why don't you . . ." he looked around. ". . . Why don't you and your friend take those bolts to the storage room upstairs? We don't need them for a while."
"Sure," he answered. "Give more work to me. I'm just a peón, right?"
He led Rodolpho to the columns of bolts and estimated that it would be a full day's work. "Don't we get any help, boss? Or is it just me and him?"
"Just you and him, Rahmus." And he muttered to an enemy of Octavio's, "I’ll do anything to get him out of my hair."
"Why don't you fire him?" the Chicano asked him.
"I can't. He's a wetback. Silvers'd kill me if I let him go. Rahmus is a good enough worker, I guess. It's just his mouth that screws him up."
Octavio lifted a bolt, then dropped it. "But the elevators in the factory don't work," he told the red-haired man. "You know that."
"Use your feet, Rahmus. Use your legs." Then he muttered for the ear of the Chicano next to him, "Just get out of my sight."
Gabriél walked slowly up the stairs to the top floor. When he met Flores, the foreman, he gave him the small piece of paper.
Flores was an effeminate Chicano. He smiled broadly at the young man as if assessing him. When Gabriél failed to smile back, Flores turned serious and ordered Gabriél to sit back and watch how the other cutters worked, and tomorrow he could start. After introducing Gabriél to the duties and to the workers, Flores invited questions.
Gabriél felt uneasy about being the only person in the room not attending to a job. He looked around at the seamstresses who huddled over their sewing machines stitching fabric pieces together to make blouses. He stepped back and was jabbed in the ass by a seamstress' elbow. He stepped into the aisle and was repeatedly asked to move out of the way of rolling racks of clothes pushed by hurried workers.
"Get your butt out of the way," a Mexican told him in Spanish.
"Move it or lose it," a Chicano grunted in English. Then the Mexican returned and muttered to him in Spanish, "The next time I come around and you're still in the way, I'm going to get a hot iron and burn about ten inches off your ass." The nearby seamstresses who heard and understood had to laugh.
After an hour, the job became a bore to watch. Flores came around with a friendly arm for Gabriél's shoulder. Because the noise was at a loud peak, Flores attempted to move his face toward Gabriél's to better hear his questions. Gabriél noticed the men at the cutting table looking oddly at Flores, and he tried to ease away from under his arm. But Flores followed Gabriél as he backed away, even making him feel more uncomfortable by giving Gabriél a chair and forcing him to sit like a doting mother.
"If there's anything you want," Flores said cutely, "just say so."
The men at the cutting table laughed as they always had when Flores sashayed away, and, looked at Gabriél to see if he was any cause to be leery.
By the end of the second hour, Gabriél sat back in his chair and folded his arms, taking joy now in seeing other men working and sweating while he sat with privilege. His eyes wandered the room again. From the room marked "Women," he saw a girl come out and walk to her sewing machine. Her face was lovely. He did not like her flowered apron or her colorless dress because they made her look old, but that face!
The girl walked daintily through the maze of sewing machines and sat at her own. She had placed herself near where Gabriél was standing but was unaware that he was staring. Gabriél sat more relaxed and watched her as he tried to think of words to say to her.
The head worker at the cutter's table kept glancing over to Gabriél and he became annoyed at the newcomer's comfortable position. He looked around the table and then at his own work. He called Gabriél three times. Gabriél reluctantly took his eyes off the girl. The head cutter proceeded to show him how this certain job was done, but he had to verbally wrestle for his attention. Gabriél looked at the lesson the head cutter wanted to give him, but his mind was still searching for words to start a conversation with the girl.
Rodolpho and Octavia helped each other carry four bolts of fabric atop one another up the long flight of stairs. On their way to the fifth floor they were rushed and pushed by an anxious young man Octavio knew.
"Que pása, carnal’? Que pása?"
"I was downstairs near the desk," the man puffed. "I saw them. They're coming."
"Quién? Quién?”
"La immigración! I have to warn the people,"
Rodolpho wanted to run. He wanted to drop the bolts down the stairs and dash in any direction, search for a place to hide. The immigration people must not find him, not after all the trouble it took to get here.
But, Octavio. If only he were not there, looking at him so closely. Rodolpho did not want Octavio to know that he had lied about having his papers. He would lose face. So he stepped around nervously in the thin staircase, breathing hard, trying to think of what to do. Suddenly he began to do a fidget dance. "Espérate, señor," he told Octavio. "I... I have to go to the bathroom."
Octavio seemed relieved. "Okay," he said. "Go on and I'll meet you back here."
Three frightened people passed them, running up the stairs. Rudolpho and Octavio wanted to follow them, but each was careful not to show his eagerness. "I'll only be a moment," Rodolpho told him.
"Take your time," Octavio said.
Rodolpho hurried up the staircase with the four desperate Mexicans. Octavio leaned on the wall patiently and watched him disappear to the sixth floor. He stretched his neck out to see if Rodolpho was completely gone, then dashed downstairs to a new hiding place he had heard about, guaranteed against any immigration officer searching there.
But Octavio didn't make it. A herd of frightened people going up the stairs enveloped him and carried him to the sixth floor where most of the other frightened people were going.
Gabriél had listened to the cutter's instruction and had even understood some of it. When the cutter finished his last word, Gabriél eased away in the direction of the girl.
The Paul Revere figure burst into the room and shouted his warning to the workers. "Ái vienen la mígra!” he said twice. "Andele, córre!"
Gabriél heard a woman scream. He saw the head cutter and all his workers scatter. He turned and saw most of the women who were behind sewing machines rise quickly and scatter to their hiding places. He saw more people run to the sixth floor and disappear into tiny crevices. He saw a fat woman enter a small closet with another fat woman, and he saw a thin girl between them open her mouth and gasp for air. He turned another direction and saw the head cutter and his workers stack boxes on chairs that were placed on other chairs that were atop the cutting table. They had built a homemade ladder that led to an escape hatch in the ceiling.
Now Gabriél was pushed by twenty men who wanted to make their way to the largest bolts of fabric and hide in the tube-like cavities. Men and women shared hoppers used for scraps. Others became frantic and hoped that the bathroom provided the necessary sanctuary.
Rodolpho ran into the room in the midst of the others who had come up the stairs. The first thing he saw was the climbers on the homemade ladder. The frightened crowd carried him to it in their haste to get closer. He stopped at one side of the cutting table and saw Gabriél gawking at the action from the other side.
"Gabriél," he shouted. "What are you standing there for? La immigración is coming!"
The idea of being arrested brought him to his senses.
"Hurry and hide," he heard Rodolpho shout. Rodolpho was being pushed closer to the ladder, waiting his turn to climb it. He looked up and realized it was a giant. He was transfixed by its height, and he hesitated to scale it.
Gabriél searched frantically for shelter, being tossed aside by people who were not willing to share a hiding place with anyone.
Rodolpho became the next one in line for the tower.  He felt a push that made him rock the loosely built giant. He turned around in anger and almost threw a punch into Octavio's face.
Octavio was shouting, "Hurry, Rodolpho, or la immigración will get us all."
"You told me you were immigrated," he shouted back.
"Apúrate, sónso,” he answered. "They're coming!"
Rodolpho jumped onto the cutting table and gripped the first chair. Then he froze, suddenly forgetting how it was done. Octavio had to jump onto the cutting table immediately and push him aside. Rodolpho watched him and pushed away another man who wanted to follow Octavio. The man was angry but knew he had no time to fight Rodolpho now.
Rodolpho stopped halfway and saw Gabriél being punched on the jaw by a man who wouldn't share his hiding place. Gabriél hunched his back and took a fighting stance when Rodolpho called to him.
"Gabriél! No búques peléas! Hide!" Rodolpho began to climb again and shouted to Gabriél, "Up this way!"
Gabriél ran to the ladder and waited for a woman to climb in front of him. Rodolpho stepped hurriedly. His right foot was placed firmly on a cardboard box while his left foot was raised to a chair. The chair slipped and almost slid off the box. The chair and box were juggled and then balanced into place, but the top box still fell. When Rodolpho got to the top of the ladder and balanced himself on the chair, he had to jump to the opening in the roof.
"Ándele, Gabriél," he called. "Hurry! They're almost here."
Gabriél climbed onto the loose chair that was the first step of the ladder. It made the whole structure wobble. Then he placed his foot on a box that was on another chair. He placed it carefully and bounced himself to make sure that the box was sturdy, then stepped up. The cardboard of the box began to tear and his foot slipped through. The tower wobbled and swayed. Gabriél kept still.
"Ándele," he heard Rodolpho holler.  "Faster, Gabriél, faster!"
He climbed a bit more with his eyes shut. When he opened them again, he found himself at the top. He balanced himself on the stool. The wobble of the ladder began to subside as Gabriél began to feel his confidence.
"Look up," he heard Rodolpho say.
He raised his head slowly.
Rodolpho extended his arms and asked Octavio to do the same.
"Saltar!" he ordered Gabriél. "Jump up and we'll catch you."
Gabriél closed his eyes once more, jumped up and reached for the waiting hands; he was caught at first try and pulled up through the hatch.
Once Gabriél was on the roof, the hatch was closed tightly behind him. Rodolpho stood up after helping Gabriél and saw for the first time the sight of the frightened masses - people praying, people staring at the hatch not knowing if or when stone-faced immigration officers would come up, grab them and drag them away.
"Is this it?" Rodolpho asked. "Just a roof with everybody out in the open?"
These people are up here because they have no other place to hide," Octavio told him. "It's like covering your eyes and hoping no one will see you."
"Then what are we doing up here?"
"Pues, I have my own hiding place. I was just swept with the hordes that ran up here."
"Does that mean we're all going to get caught? Gabriél asked.
"No," Octavio said calmly. "But now that we're up here, we have only one hope left."
He then pointed to four arguing men off to one side. As they walked to them, the arguing men's voices grew louder in debating whether or not to jump to the next rooftop.
"It's too far," one man argued.  "Anyway, why should I risk it? If la mígra comes, they come. If they take me, they take me. But at least I'll be living."
Octavio spoke out to the man. "Maybe you call that living, carnal’, but I don't. I don't want to go back to Mexico. I'd rather die than go back."
Another man agreed. "I don't have anything over there. Here, I at least have a chance to work. I would risk jumping."
Another man readied himself to make the leap as he hollered out, "Why do you all talk so much? If you're brave men, you don't have to argue. You'll do what's right!"
"Show them how it's done, Hector!" they heard an unseen girl shout to him.
Hector waved to the fan. He looked at the men.
"Look at you," he said. "Are you going to stand there cackling like chickens? It's easy!"
Then Hector flew into a frog-like leap. People who were seated on the roof leaped up to watch him fly. Hector landed on the roof of the factory next door with the somersault roll of an acrobat. It amazed Rodolpho and Gabriél. But to some it was a regular event, like the rainbow after a rain. They all quietly cheered him as he ran to the fire escape of the other building and climbed out of sight.
The man who had first agreed with Octavio quickly pushed them aside and stepped up to the curved railing with anticipation. He looked down and seemed hypnotized by the height.
"Don't look down," someone shouted.
So the man closed his eyes and leaped. His stomach flopped on the edge of the building. He felt bones break inside him. As he was slipping off, he frantically searched for something to hold onto. Finding nothing, he tried to find a voice to call for help. His hands dragged. As he attempted to hold onto the edge of the building, the concrete's sharp rocks were tearing skin from his hands. His fingers alone could not hold him. They straightened from the unbearable pain and the man fell to his death six floors below.
Octavio watched him drop, the man's scream echoing in his head.
But the immigration was coming. This was no time to stall.
He made himself ready to leap. Three other men who had gained the nerve readied themselves beside him. But, as Octavio hesitated, the others leaped and made it across. He felt anxious to join them when they disappeared behind the other side of the building.
He bounced himself, breathing hard. By now the people on the roof were spectators, as if they were watching a trapeze act. Some dreamed vicariously that they were Octavio. They kept their fingers crossed. But one spectator, who knew him from the loading dock and hated him, sarcastically yelled out his wish that Octavio would miss the building and break his neck. 
Octavio froze and looked down. He began to feel himself tilt over and couldn't find the muscles in him to rear himself up. Gabriél rushed to him and caught him by the shirt. Rodolpho caught his left arm and began to pull him up. The spectators watched. Gabriél grabbed Octavio's other arm. Octavio could only feel himself frozen in mid-air. He even felt his nose scrape against the wall as he was being lifted, the blood falling freely to his feet.
When back on the roof, he shook while his mind conjured visions of what might have happened. By now the curious were looking over the edge of the railing at the dead man lying face up in the alley. Others stared at Octavio, which caused his paranoia to see smirks on their faces. The humiliation of failing made him mount the railing again.
The few who were not looking before now raised their heads. They saw Octavio stiffen his shoulders. He bounced himself on the edge and even looked down at the body to remind himself what the man had done wrong.
In the factory, men tore down the frail tower ladder and propped a stepladder under the hatch in the roof. The effeminate foreman's head poked from out of the floor of the roof and shouted to all the people for their attention.
There had been a mistake, he announced. What had been seen as immigration officers were actually salesmen showing the front desk their identification badges from their company.
Octavio was still bouncing for a leap. He had even counted down in getting ready. Rodolpho and Gabriél grabbed him by the shirttails and pulled him off the railing. Rodolpho kept repeating to him, "You don't have to jump now, Octavio. You don't have to jump now."
Octavio shouted back, "Let me go," not about to listen to any excuses in the hypnotic trance he had placed himself into. "Let me go! I have to get away."
"But they're not coming!"
Octavio fought vehemently until Rodolpho had to slap him to bring him to his senses.
When he knew that Octavio was all right, Gabriél went to look at the body in the alley. He turned from the railing and called to Rodolpho, "Come here and look at something strange."
When Rodolpho approached the railing, Gabriél pointed to the body. "Look at how the blood from his head wants to flow like a river."
Rodolpho backed away. "We'd better go before the police come. They'll think we pushed him off."
Octavio shrugged. "Never mind about the police. They'll never know about it."
"How do you know?"
He smiled at Rodolpho's innocent look. "Because he's from México."
Rodolpho looked at Gabriél. Gabriél looked at Octavio and began to laugh at him.
But Octavio demanded, "I'm not trying to be funny. He was from México. When you're an illegal from México, you're not even considered a man. You're just another Mexicáno that they'll sweep under the rug."
Octavio looked over the railing and pointed to the alley. "Look. You see?"
From the farthest end of the alley walked four men. When they came to the body, two of the men kneeled down and tended to it, checking the damage and searching his pockets. One of them muttered a "shit," annoyed that the bloody mud had dirtied his pants. A third man brought out a large cloth bag and opened it. The fourth man tried to bury the bloody mud with fresh dirt. They then lifted the body as the man with the cloth bag slipped it over.
Octavio sucked his teeth and blew out a disgusted wind. He looked at the dead man and shook his head in pity. "Too bad the man didn't have a good reason to die," he said.
Rodolpho didn't understand.
Octavio only added, "A man should have a good reason to die!" Then he rested his head on the railing. "Los gríngos even take that away from us."
Rodolpho looked at Gabriél, but Gabriél made eyes like Octavio was crazy.
Octavio turned to walk to the ladder. "I hear stories that they just bury the bodies anywhere. Or that they covert he body with cement and throw it in the ocean. Maybe they'll just have it burned. Anything to get rid of it."
He looked at Gabriél, who had a laughing smile for him.
"You may think it's funny, joven," Octavio said. "You go ahead, laugh your heart out. Maybe it'll be easier to miss you if you die here."
Octavio spoke of the plans he would have if he could get out of the factory. But they were in short sentences and wildly imagined. The sentences became more incoherent as he climbed down the hole in the roof and back into the factory.
Gabriél looked at Rodolpho and laughed aloud as he referred to Octavio. "What a crazy man, no?"
Rodolpho couldn't agree with Gabriél's, flippant evaluation. He realized that Gabriél was young and could not recognize the type of insanity that bloomed from bitterness when he saw it.
He saw Gabriél slip into the hole and then backed away to watch the men in the alley once more. As his eyes moved beyond the curved railing, he saw that the men were gone. But he heard them as they turned the corner to the back of the factory. He ran to the eastern side of the roof to watch the actions of the men below as they worked in seclusion, away from the rest of the men who worked in the shipping yard and on the loading dock.
"Ándele," he heard Gabriél shout from the hatch. "They want to close the opening."
"Let them close it," Rodolpho answered. "I'll go down by the fire escape."
He looked back down and saw one of the men carry the body over his shoulder to a large plywood box. The other men hurriedly helped him place the body inside it while looking around for witnesses. They did not look up, however. A small cement mixer was started, and two of the men poured cement into the small mixing barrel. They talked to each other and from time to time checked inside the barrel. When the mixer stopped, the men tilted its contents into the plywood box.
Rodolpho waited until the second hour of the afternoon was half passed before he climbed down the fire escape and returned to work. But thoughts kept entering his head. Fright and bravery struggled inside him. Then bravery faded and fright was constant.
Perhaps the United States was a mistake for him, he thought. Maybe he should return home where it was safer. He could understand life better there. But there was nothing for him at home. How could the United States be a mistake?
He thought of the danger of losing his identity in the crowd of other Mexicans who worked for men like Silvers. What if he wound up like the man in the cement mixer? There was no respect for a man's life here, like Octavio had said. The loss of dignity also worried him.
While he worked, Rodolpho still kept a memory of  the man's body. He relived seeing the men place the body in the bag, the bag in the plywood box, and the cement into the box. He heard Octavio's words saying that the body would be swept under the rug.
He was a man - not trash!
Could home possibly give him work?
No! There were no possibilities! His family had to eat and they were depending on money from his job. He had to work. The fact surfaced and enveloped him like a wave. He was a man! Men fought the elements. Men fought for themselves and in the name of their women and their children. Men fought back. They did not run. He would stay.


Gabriél had returned to the cutting table and was listening to the cutters explain to him what had to be done. But every other minute, his eyes would wander to the pretty girl.
When it was time to go home, he finally walked toward her. As she gathered scraps of used fabric from around her sewing machine and stuffed them into her purse, she saw Gabriél coming. She hurried and gathered all she could and then rushed away.
He followed her through the maze of sewing machines, and along the way he picked up a scrap that had fallen out of her hand. Gabriél called to her as he walked after her down the stairs.
"Señorita! Señorita!"
She ignored him. Instead, she called to a friend with American slang. Gabriél stopped and watched her go. "This Mexicána," he thought, "probably doesn't even know Spanish. She probably loves the gríngo boys anyway."


CHAPTER SIX
The day of pay at the factory was Friday. At the start of the fifth hour of the afternoon the whistle in and around every department blew. The workers lined up at windows that were labeled with different segments of the alphabet, A thru D, E thru M, etc. American citizens received checks, while the illegals received cash.
Gabriél was sandwiched between a fat lady and a man who smelled of body odor. The line moved swiftly, so he suffered very little. When the cashier at the pay window gave him his brown envelope, he placed it in his pocket, not bothering to count it. He had figured out the amount last night, and had been reminding himself of it all day. He had been working from Tuesday to Friday at $4.00 an hour, ten hours a day, so $160 was due him this week. Next week, a full week, he would be paid $200.
He left the line in time to see Rodolpho take his  place in a slow moving line between Octavio and another worker. Assuming that Rodolpho would be a long time, he walked home alone.
Coming toward him down the corridor was the seamstress speaking in bits and pieces of Americanized Spanish amid her English to a girlfriend who was walking beside her. Gabriél flashed a smile and attracted the attention of the girlfriend, while the pretty-face girl intentionally ignored him. She was not trying to be coy or cute - she plainly was not interested.
The girlfriend seemed ecstatic. "He's cute," she giggled to the seamstress. "He's looking at you, Inez. Let's go talk to him."
"Shit no!" She was loud, and she glanced back quickly to see if he had heard her. Then, to her friend, "Show me something that's immigrated. Please!"
"Is that important? Who cares what he is?" She glanced back at him, but Gabriél had gone. "He was cute," she sighed.
"I don't care," Inez strained her voice to a high pitch. "All they want you for is the immigration. That's all."
"Oh, you're just still pissed because Juan tried that on you!"
"No!" She wanted to deny the fact that she had ever loved Juan. "I don't care about that. Oh, they all do it. That's the way they think over there. Get a girl that's born here, marry her, and she'll help you get immigrated."
"Did you see his eyes?"
"Well, if you got the hots for him, girl, you go get him."
Gabriél walked home thinking of the spree he was going to enjoy with his money. It was the spree he had waited for since he had planned coming to the States. He thought of the clothes that could be bought, the whiskey that could be drunk and the girls who could be romanced.
The thought of girls engulfed him. The pretty-faced seamstress. She wasn't his loss - he was hers! There was Sandra. She could be romanced. She had talked to him freely over the telephone. He could tell that she was hinting to sleep with him. Her subtle mentions about her legs and her hips, how she wanted to lose weight because she thought them too big. She had mentioned candidly that she had gone to the store to buy a new bra. Yes, she was going to be easy.
 Rodolpho stood in line and walked a step a minute.
"Ándele! Apúrese!" Octavio almost pushed the line to hurry. "How long does it take for people to say their names and collect their money?"
He kept turning back and talking to Rodolpho about the weekend he had planned for himself. His only son, the architect, was going to bring his kids to the house on Sunday and have dinner. His grandson, he told Rodolpho, was an excellent athlete, a boy of twelve who had baseball talent scouts after him already. Oh sure, they wanted him to work out in the farm clubs every summer until he was eighteen, but after, they predicted a great future for him.
Rodolpho nodded his head with half an ear open, staring into his own thoughts. Last night he had figured $160 was due him. Fifty of it would have to go to Baca, and twenty-five more for a protection fee. Maybe he could squeeze thirty-five for his family. Fifty was left over to last him the rest of the week.
His half of the rent would be $40, paid $10 each week or in one sum at the end of the month. But out of one week's pay, paying the rent would be impossible. Or had he figured wrong? Yes! He had only worked four days. One more day of work would give him $200. Yes. With two hundred all of his bills could be paid off each week.
Aí dios! Two hundred dólares. A week! A far distance from the few pesos he earned every week as a policeman in Obregon. It was also a far better wage than what he had received from the farmhand job he had taken to make ends meet. Feeling relieved from the hardship of México, he said goodbye to his worries back home.
Now Octavio was counting his cash. When Rodolpho was about to ask him why some men received checks and others cash, Octavio suddenly rushed out of line and down the corridor without a goodbye.
Rodolpho took his place at the window. Who really cared about how one got paid, anyway? He said his name to the Anglo woman behind the counter. She looked at a list of names and then counted out the cash, stuffing the bills into an envelope. When it was given to him, he rushed to a vestibule of an office away from the others and counted it. He counted again in disbelief, then counted a third time. Yes. He had counted correctly. There was only $100.
He took out a pencil and multiplied the hours by the price per hour Baca had told him, just to make sure. Yes, he was right-$4.00 per hour, ten hours a day for four days. $160 was due him. Maybe it was an error on the part of the woman handling the money.
Without hesitation, he went in front of the line and spoke to the woman above the loud objections of the others.
He said to her in Spanish, "Óye, señora. I only have a hundred dólares here. Perdóname, pero did you make a mistake?
The woman looked at him with one eye closed, trying to catch a familiar word of the foreign tongue.
She said to him in English, "I can't understand you. I don't speak Spanish." Rodolpho was still talking, explaining that he was supposed to get $160. Some men looked at each other when they heard him quote the price. Rodolpho kept talking while his anger grew. The woman became nervous, trying hard to be understood. She even tried recalling her high school Spanish. She called for someone in line to help her but no one wanted to. Finally she used wide-mouthed syllables in a hope that he would better understand.
"Go - see - Mis -ter - Sil - vers!" she said.
He asked her in Spanish, "I should go see Mister Silvers?"
The woman became annoyed. "No! You should go see Mr Silvers." But Rodolpho got the message.
Rodolpho arrived on the floor just as Marvin Silvers was leaving his office. Rodolpho called to him and Silvers turned and waited, a smile on his face.
"OH-la, senyohr," Marvin said. "Komo pweddo aw yoo don?"
Rodolpho slapped the envelope with his hand "Señor Silvers, I've just got my money and, pues, it just isn't enough."
Silvers looked at Rodolpho oddly. “Koh-mo?”
Rodolpho held his handful of bills in front of him. "I've only got a hundred dólares here."
"And?"
"And I'm supposed to be getting a hundred and sixty."
"Who told you that?"
"I've figured it out. I've worked ten hours a day tor four days this week. At four dólares an hour, that’s. . .” 
Silvers let a laugh escape him. "Four dolahres? Who told you I paid four dolahres? I pay my men six-fifty but that's only if they're American citizens. A hundred dolahres is the most I pay for any –“ he sincerely hesitated, searching his memory.  “…wetback. – Wetback? – Wetback.” Then earnestly asked Rodolpho, “How do you say wetback in spanish??”
"Okay. Pero, míra, señor. Next week I'll be working an extra day. Won’t I get more?"
Silvers shook his head as he kept his grin. He inserted a key in a slot beside an elevator and turned it to summon the elevator car. Looking up at the arrow that indicated floors and then looking at the shine of his shoes, he said, "Look, I have a big business here, senyohr. I know that you people are not as educated in these matters, so I'll try to explain it to you as simply as possible. I not only have to pay you, but I have to pay my investors and my suppliers."
"No, no, no," Rodolpho said. "You don't have to explain anything to me. I know all about that. But what I can't understand is why you can't pay me six-fifty an hour. I mean, just because I'm not an American citizen?"
"Oh shit,” Silvers said to himself. “Another one. - Pwess, senyohr, if you don't like it, you can go someplace else."
"Where would I go?" Rodolpho asked angrily. "Tell me."
"Take it or leave it."
Silvers saw his sales manager going down the stair case and called to him.
Rodolpho followed at his heels. "Señor Silvers, in México I have a family I have to send money to. Also, I have to have money for myself." Baca was almost mentioned, but he realized that that was a secret matter.
Rodolpho stopped with Silvers at the entrance to the staircase. "You're family is of no importance to me," Silvers said coldly. "Be grateful that you're getting a hundred dolahres. That's more than some people get in America . . . Wait up, Jerry!" he called to his sales manager.
Rodolpho rushed in back of Silvers as he ran down the stairs. "Couldn't you please pay me what you pay the Americans?"
He was cut short by Silvers greeting his sales manager with a pat on the back and a loud voice. Rodolpho stopped halfway down the first level of stairs and watched Silvers and the other man walk down together.
Silvers spoke in English when he asked about the buyer who wanted eight hundred yards of their surplus. He pointed in Rodolpho's direction when he told the sales manager that the fabric was upstairs in the fifth floor warehouse waiting for the "fool" to pick it up. Both men laughed. Rodolpho was almost ready to fight thinking that they were talking about him.
But he stayed in place, seeing himself grab Silvers by the collar and throw his head into the wall, demanding more money. Then he saw himself in the apartment without a job. Or he would be put into an American jail. Or he would be sent back to México. He stood still, thinking of his chances of getting another job. But where?
He needed money quickly, and this money was better than none at all. But this was the compromise of a coward, and he felt ashamed of himself.
He awoke from his thoughts and heard the men laughing. He began to walk down the stairs, feeling like a fool but accepting his situation - for the moment. 


Gabriél rushed home and searched for Sandra's phone number in the pocket of his other shirt. Running out of the apartment, he went to the telephone booth across the street to call her. His eagerness evolved from a fear that she already had plans for the night. Perhaps tomorrow night, too.
The fingers pressed the buttons of the phone, the receiver was placed to the ear and Gabriél's nerves tensed. Friday nights were always reserved for drinking and dancing. This night was not going to be any different.
A feminine voice answered, "Hello?"
A smile flew into Gabriél's voice and conversation began. She was happy to hear from him. For herself, she was relieved. She was spending this hour with a few friends from a car club in her barrio.
"Are you doing anything tonight?"
"Nothing special," she said. "Could you come over?"
He answered that as long as he had nothing else to do, why not.
"I want to show everybody your car'"
"My car?"
"Sí. I described it to my friends and they say it's an Impala. I say it's an LTD. I'm so bad with cars. What is it?"
"Es un LTD. Pero, míra, it's broken. Something is wrong with the inside."
Her voice held a child's disappointment. "Pues, can you fix it for tonight?"
Gabriél began to think of a plan. "I don't know. I’ll see and call you back."
He put the receiver in its cradle and ran to his room and looked for his uncle's telephone number. When he found it in a used pair of pants, he ran back to the phone booth and programmed his call.
Baca answered the phone. "Hola, tío," Gabriél said. Even though he was in a rush, the social graces had to be adhered to. Questions about Baca's health, his wife's health, the health of his children were asked, and Baca returned the inquiries. Then, suddenly,"Tío, I need your car! Could you loan it to me?"
"No," Baca said flatly.
"But I'll take good care of it. I'm a very good driver."
Baca was shocked by the boy's nerve. He wanted his car, his flashy two-grades-higher-than-a-pimp-mobile auto. Baca didn't care if Gabriél wanted to drive it up a curb. Nobody but nobody drove his car.
"Anyway," he added to Gabriél, "I need it tonight. I have to do some business and see Rodolpho tonight. Is he still living there with you?"
Hope coated the words in an eager voice. “You’re coming to the apartment tonight? Then can I drive you home and take it out afterwards?"
"No'"
"Pero tío, I need it for a girl I met She thinks your car is mine. I need it to impress her."
Baca said curtly, "Impress her with someone else’s car, not mine," and hung up the phone.
Gabriél called Sandra back and, while the phone was ringing, he thought of postponing the visit. He would see her another day, in maybe two or three months. His $200 would help him put a down payment on a car. Something long and purple instead of blue. It would have soft seats and a tape player and a television and a bar, and then Sandra would be impressed in three months.
Three months without a woman? Three months without kisses and giggles and compliments of his handsome face?
Sandra answered the phone.
"Hóla Sandra. This is Gabriél. I'm leaving to go over there right now, but I'm not going to bring my car. The valves are busted, the steering wheel is a little loose and I have a flat." He lifted his eyes to God in a prayer that she would believe all that.
"What time will you be here?" she asked.
Gabriél said eight o'clock and wondered if he would make it on time. He asked for directions. She gave him the numbers of the buses to take. She added that she was anxious for him to meet her friends. This flattered him as if it were an invitation to make love to her.


Rodolpho walked home and collapsed on the bed, boggled by the figures that floated in his head. His wife needed $25 a week. She would have to settle for ten. Seventy-five would have to go to Baca. Each week, ten of what he had left would have to be saved for the rent. Rodolpho would only have five dollars to live on per week.
When Gabriél came home, he saw his friend lying on the bed with his eyes on the ceiling. He walked around the room changing into another set of clothes and whistling a song that made him think of night life in Cocorit. While buttoning his shirt, he patted Rodolpho's leg.
"What's the matter, señor?"
Rodolpho answered with a shake of his head. "Nada."
"You look sad for just nothing. We got paid today! You should be happy."
Rodolpho looked at the younger man. "How much did they give you?"
"A hundred and sixty dólares."
Rodolpho leaped up from the bed quickly. "How much?"
Gabriél sniffed under his shirt, took it off, and tossed it aside looking displeased. "A hundred and sixty dólares," he repeated. "But, next week, I'll be getting two hundred."
Rodolpho was angry enough to hit Gabriél.
"How could you get that much?" he shouted. "Show it to me!"
Gabriél eased into another shirt as he looked at Rodolpho with caution. "What's the matter, señor? Didn't they pay you that much?"
"No. They only gave me a hundred."
"A hundred? Pues, did you tell Silvers?"
"Sí, I told him. Ese pinche cabron! He said he didn't pay people from México what he pays los Americános. He says he pays them less. A hundred dólares.”
Gabriél leaped to his work pants that he had thrown on a chair and searched pockets for his pay envelope. Rodolpho asked him what he was doing. Gabriél tore open his pay envelope and counted his money – a hundred dollars.
He tossed it on the bed. He looked at Rodolpho as if to find an explanation in his face. But instead of feeling angry or demanding curses for God's vengeance to fall on Silvers' children, Gabriél only lifted one corner of his mouth and laughed shortly at the situation.
"What luck we have, eh?"
"Luck? What luck? Los gríngos are cheating us.”
Gabriél did not want to explain his joke. He just shrugged and said, "I suppose we're going to have to look for another job."
"Where?"
"Well, someplace where they won't pay fucking crumbs for a good day's work!"
"I know that, but I hear that there’s nothing here, just like México."
"There has to be."
"I hear the men talking on the dock where I work. They say this is the worst time to come to Los Estádos Unídos. They say that jobs are scarce everywhere.”
"But it won't hurt to at least look." Then Gabriél put the money back into his pocket. "Pues, I suppose that a hundred dólares is all right for now."
"For who, joven? For who? I have to feed a family back home."
Gabriél looked at Rodolpho, not knowing what to say.
"What are we going to do in the meantime?" Rodolpho asked 
Gabriél headed for the door. "We're going to have to work at the factory in the meantime, what else? Pero, don't worry about it too much, señor. We have plenty of time."
When Gabriél closed the door, Rodolpho felt his soul burn in jealousy. It was easy for Gabriél to be optimistic. He was young, not yet twenty. Rodolpho was in his thirties, with a wife and children. He couldn't take the problem lightly. Rodolpho constantly repeated to himself that he had made the "moron's mistake" of falling into a low-paying job and was probably destined to stay there. There was no way out, he convinced himself. Then he scolded himself, thinking, "Once in marriage, positions in life should never change." He knew he would not, could not, gamble on another chance to make good with his life. The next risk would probably be fatal - no job and no money.
He stayed on the bed for two hours muttering to his wife, who was mentally beside him. His self-pity humiliated him with guilt feelings of having been made a fool of by Silvers. He kept reminding himself of his own opinion that Gabriél could be the better man because of his optimism and freedom. He kept thinking how sad it was that his sons had a father who was a weak-minded buffoon. The unfamiliarity of this foreign country depressed him greatly. He was sure that his lack of knowledge of the language made him look dense and moronic. He told his wife aloud that he did not like the position of being the weak stranger, the poor stranger, the unsophisticated stranger.
In the dark, he heard the door open. He heard a voice ask in Spanish if he could come in. Rodolpho sat up and said, "Sí." He turned on the light and saw that it was Baca.
Baca smiled like Big Brother as he walked into the apartment. "How do you like your work?"
Suddenly Rodolpho burst. "I don't like it! The job sucks! They don't pay me what I earn!".
Baca took the news casually. "Pues, señor, that’s because you're not immigrated."
"And?"
"And, pues, they can't pay people who aren't immigrated more than los Americános." He searched his head for another sentence, one that would solidify the lie. "It's the law!"
"The law?"
“That's the way it is here for everything, señor. You have to get yourself immigrated."
"How?'"
"Well, first you have to get yourself a sponsor, then you get yourself thirteen hundred dólares."
Rodolpho said sarcastically, "Oh, is that all?  As though he had the money in his hip pocket.
Baca continued. "And now that we're on the subject of money, señor, I would appreciate your seventy-five.”
Rodolpho's stomach hardened. He needed the money.
"I can't give you the money right now, señor. Not all of it, anyway."
"What?"
"It'll have to be a little less. I'll give you fifty.”
Baca's smile disappeared, his expression changed to that of a money-lender  who was being put off. “I can't let you do that, señor. You promised me seventy five; it should be seventy-five."
"It's not like I'm going back on my word. You’ll get your money. It's just that they didn’t pay me what I was expecting." His voice raised. "A hundred! That’s all I have! I have to send money back home and I have to eat."
Baca's smile returned. Too kindly, he walked toward Rodolpho. "But Señor Marcías," he said with opened palms, "that isn't what we agreed on, is it?"
"But, my family. .."
Baca, a small man, flew upon him and fell with him onto the bed, clutching his shirt and mounting his stomach.
"You bastard!" he shouted. "I want my money. Give it to me!"
Rodolpho tried to push him off in a bench press manner, but Baca had wrapped his legs around his thighs.
Baca dropped his knee into Rodolpho's chest. "I don't want to beat it out of you, señor." Then he slapped his face with the back of his knuckles. "What would you do if I told the immigration where you lived, where you worked? What would you do then, eh?" His knee slammed against Rodolpho's chest again. "Tell me, what would you do then, eh?" He raised his head and straightened his posture so that he would stand on his knees over Rodolpho's body. He still kept the shirt clenched in his left hand while his right hand pulled back and rammed against Rodolpho's mouth twice. This excited Baca to the point where he lost control of himself and let his fists fly wildly.
Baca rode his body much as he would have a whore. His fists rammed against Rodolpho's side three times. Then he hit him slower and with less force in his other side and jumped off his body.
"Where do you keep the money?" he demanded to know while checking Rodolpho's pockets.
Rodolpho held up his hands. Baca stopped searching. Bloody-mouthed and humiliated more now than before, Rodolpho staggered to his coat and reached into his pockets. Seeing Baca coming closer, Rodolpho held tighter to the coat. He fumbled with the zipper. He backed away slightly and waited for Baca to come close enough. Rodolpho swung the coat hard and let it slap against Baca's head. Baca lost his balance, and Rodolpho moved in.
Grabbing Baca by the lapels, he threw the man’s body into the wall. The anger that Silvers had planted in Rodolpho that day was resurrecting inside him and he yearned to see Baca suffer for his dishonesty. Rodolpho's knee rammed into his crotch. His right hand hit both sides of Baca's face rapidly, like a boxer slapping a punching bag. The hand hardened to a fist and soared to Baca's mouth, and then to his nose and jaw. Rodolpho threw Baca's body onto the bed and sat on its chest, just as Baca had done to him.
"What would you say if I didn't pay you the seventy five, eh?" He moved his head closer to the man's ear and hollered. "Eh? Eh? What would you say then?" He slapped him one more time for luck. "Do you think I'm a fool? I have more important things to do with my money. I've worked too hard for it to give it to a bloodsucker like you!"
He dismounted Baca. "I've already paid you your two hundred dólares to get me here, and that's all I'm going to pay!"
He walked backwards to the door and opened it. "Now get out!"
Baca wheezed trying to catch his breath. When he caught it, he almost choked on it. He looked up coldly at Rodolpho and pointed an accusing finger at him as he tried to get up from the bed.
"You're doing wrong, señor." He seemed to struggle getting off the mattress. "I'm going to tell the immigración where you live."
"Tell them!" He closed the door so no one could hear him. "You tell the immigración all you can. And when they catch me, I'll tell them who brought me here and for how much."
Baca slipped off the bed and stumbled for the door. When he came close to Rodolpho's hand, Rodolpho grabbed his hair and tossed him out, slamming the door behind him.
Rodolpho breathed heavily from exhaustion as he leaned on the door. When he caught his breath, he laughed at his joy. His pride was blooming. He was a man who had proved himself.
When the laugh subsided, a sigh of relief came out of him. He opened the window of the apartment and stood in front of it to catch the smell of the night air that blew on his face. The taste of his own blood was the taste of victory wine. He didn't feel like a fool anymore.
CHAPTER SEVEN
With the help of a Spanish speaking bus driver, Gabriél arrived at Malabar Street easily. The night had settled on East Los Angeles by now. Through the scarce light that came through the branches of the trees, he searched for Sandra's address on every house he passed.
He walked three blocks. On the third block, he could see a group of young people full of party atmosphere. As he walked further he saw two cars start and place themselves ready to race. Under the revving motors were laughing, hooting sounds coming from what looked like silhouettes standing on the sidewalk. Girls' voices were screaming happy hysterics that were bouncing off the surrounding houses. Muddled Spanish words grunted in tune with American slang. Blaring horns and shouting singers amplified from two car radios that were tuned to the same channel.
As he drew closer to Sandra's house, Gabriél glanced at the silhouettes sitting on cars and standing in the street. Their faces and clothing were becoming clearer now. The girls were looking beautiful. Their faces were made up to look exotic and alluring. Their hair was combed straight and caught the shine of the streetlamps. But Gabriél was really not one to admire the head of hair on a girl. He was more apt to notice that their blouses were tight and that their sporadic dancing made their breasts jiggle.
When Gabriél came to the address he was looking for, he walked onto the porch, ignoring a male voice calling to him in English.
Jo-Jo Montoya made it his business to know about everyone who came into the neighborhood. He was the self-appointed guardian of the territory and its people. His friends were his police force. Outsiders included hardcore cholos who lived past the the border of east L.A., white and black dudes that wanted to date Mexican girls, hipster-types, the Oakies, the surfers looking to buy shit from ‘The (anonymous) Mexicans” who they see as an indigenous conduit to the drug traffic and not human beings. To Jo-Jo, Gabriél looked white and he wanted him out.
When Jo-Jo ran to the porch behind Gabriél, he heard him speak Spanish. He took it as a white man's attempt at condescension. He heard Sandra's name mentioned and called out into the street for her. Her name was carried until she was shouted out of someone's house and told she had a visitor.
"It's a white guy," someone yelled to her.
The girls sitting on the hood of a car hooted a high-pitched jeer. "Woooo! Sandra's doin' it with the white boys now!”
Sandra sauntered down the steps of the porch and smiled kiddingly at the girl who said it. "Fuck you, girl! At least it's better than giving blow-jobs to Leeroy Jackson like you do all the time."
In her curiosity to see who had come to call, Sandra forgot to make a sexy walk for Jo-Jo. She only brushed by him and looked to see if he was jealous.
She stopped when she saw Gabriél walking to greet her. She smiled, honestly surprised, then rushed to get close to him.
"I thought you would never get here," she told him in Spanish. "Qué paso?"
When Jo-Jo heard the "appropriate" sounds of Spanish coming from Gabriél, he realized that no white boy had come to call on Sandra. But he found it hard to ignore them.
Gabriél's eyes, build, and dimpled smile made some of the other girls voice their approval when they saw him.
Sandra led him to a circle of girls while their boyfriends took their places in back of them. She added pride to her voice when she introduced Gabriél to them.
Jo-Jo watched Sandra as she giggled a flirty question to Gabriél. He thought she was overdoing the clinging-vine bit, and he knew that she wanted him to do something about it. He hated being teased this way. For a "punishment" he was going to ignore Sandra for the rest of the evening. Jo-Jo was the president of his car club; he had a purple 1974 El Dorado with glitter sequins in the paint job and lifts in the back of the car. So naturally, with these attributes, his ego did allow him to "shatter girls' dreams."
He walked with a cholo's strut, looking for another girl who was more deserving. He placed his hand on a Chicana named Chee-Chee and led her to his car as he spoke to her. Under dark shadows and an old Smokey Robinson recording, he nuzzled up to her neck and kissed it.
"Come on, Chee-Chee," he said, moving closer to her ear, "Let me feel your chee-chees."
She wanted to laugh, but she opened her mouth in mock shock instead. It was not an original remark. But she played her role and did her open mouth shock bit anyway. It’s what kept the guy’s attention. 
He grinned his purly white grin and moved his hand within tweaking distance of her breasts. "Isn't that why they call you Chee-Chee?"
The joke forced her laugh, and in an attempt to prove she had a wide vocabulary, she evoked one of three responses. "You're mean!" she said, in a very very young Betty Boop voice. – (Again: It’s what kept’s the guy’s attention.) 
When Sandra's eyes moved toward Jo-Jo and Chee Chee, she cuddled next to Gabriél and asked him to dance. She moved her shoulders to a certain beat, her hips swayed from side to side, and she sang along with the voice on the radio. She held out her hand to Gabriél, but the young man only smiled and watched her. Sandra twirled herself to see if Jo-Jo was looking. When she saw him glance, she let her movements go and sensually dedicated them all to Gabriél. The other boys howled when she stuck out her fanny and bit her lips. She put her arms around Gabriél's neck and rubbed her pelvis against his while Gabriél reveled in the attention.
After Chee-Chee accepted his proposition for the following night, Jo-Jo felt manly again and dismissed her from his car. When he got out, he climbed on the roof of Rudy's Camaro as Rudy was revving the motor. Its roar bothered everyone and made them talk louder to one another. But no man would protest. It was not in the social graces of a car club.
Rudy reached his spiritual orgasm and then let the roars of his engine calm to a purr as he looked around to see who had noticed his presence. When no girls had come to shake their stuff and no other vato had asked to race, he revved his engine again, pretending to check for "funny noises."
When the engine was revved for the third time, Sandra widened her eyes at the sound as if it reminded her of something.
"What about your car?" she asked Gabriél.
"What about it?"
"Tell me again what it is - an Impala or an LTD?"
Gabriél searched his memory. "It's an LTD."
Sandra slapped Turtle's leg, which was facing the other way and had not participated in the conversation at all until now. "You see?" she told him in English. "I told you his car was an LTD."
Turtle's eyes opened in ecstatic interest. "Whose car?"
She pointed to Gabriél and reminded Turtle, "I described the car to you and told you it was an LTD and you said I was wrong."
A blue-eyed girl turned her head toward the conversation. "Who has an LTD?" she asked.
When she found out, she called to Chee-Chee and Chula and Tiny and Casper. All four girls left the vicinity of their boyfriends to join her.
"Sandra's boyfriend has an LTD, ‘ay."
"No shit," Casper said. "With lifts?"
Sandra answered for Gabriél. "Of course with lifts. What good is a '75 LTD without lifts."
Gabriél grinned innocently, trying to catch a familiar word of Spanish in the conversation.
Turtle slapped Gabriél on the shoulder and asked him in English how fast the car moved. Gabriél grinned and asked for a translation. When he understood the question, he tried to recollect. Finally he shrugged and leaned back toward Sandra's lap.
"Pues, quién sabe, carnal'."
Chee-Chee giggled and whined her words to Chula in loud English. "He talks funny."
When Jo-Jo and the rest missed their girls, they joined them around Gabriél.
Jo-Jo eased his hand to Chee-Chee's breast and pinched at the nipple until the girl moved herself away with a whining, "Stawwwpp iiiiiit."
"Listen to the way Sandra's boyfriend talks, you guys," Tiny announced. "Talk some more," she told Gabriél in Spanish.
"Doesn't he talk English?" Casper asked Sandra.
"I don't know. I never heard him."
"Uh-oh," Tiny warned. "You better watch out, Sandra."
"Míra," Gabriél interrupted in a very Northern Mexican Spanish dialect. "I don't know what the hell you're talking about, so could you please talk in plain Spanish, por favor?"
Chula laughed and said in English, "You’re right, he does sound funny."
Sandra looked in fear of losing face. "What part of México do you come from, Gabriél?"
Gabriél answered curiously. "Cocorit. Why?"
Jo-Jo asked immediately after. "How long have you been here, ése?"
"Four days," Gabriél answered.
Sandra glanced at her girlfriends, who were beginning to laugh amongst themselves. Turtle and Rudy only gave themselves knowing smiles, aware of what the other was thinking. But it was Jo-Jo who finally broke into hysterics when he said in English, "Sandra's got herself a T.J chuntie."
The laughter made Gabriél feel ill at ease. He fought to keep his embarrassment from turning into paranoia. He saw Sandra ease away from him. When he caught her attention he asked her, "What's a T.J. chuntie?"
The hint of worry that slanted his eyebrows made her feel sorry for him. The cruel laughter from the others bothered her.
"Shut-up, Jo-Jo."
In confidential English, Chula asked her, "Where did you find him, Sandra?"
"In the trunk of his LTD," Jo-Jo said.
Gabriél asked Sandra, "Are they laughing at me?"
Humiliated, Sandra said, "No. Don't pay attention to them. They just made a stupid joke."
"About me?"
"No. It's an American joke. You wouldn't understand."
When Gabriél asked again what T.J. meant, Sandra ignored him while Chula dared her to tell him its meaning.
Sandra held herself from jumping on Chula. A fight would only make matters worse. So she merely said a quiet "fuck you" to the girl and turned to Gabriél. "T.J. es un abreviacíon por Tíjuana."
"And what's wrong with Tíjuana?" Gabriél asked.
Jo-Jo poked Gabriél's back lightly in an attempt to push him. "Isn't that where you come from, mano?'
"No, cabron" Rudy answered, grunting his voice and hanging onto the last syllable of his sentence like his grandfather used to do. "El es de Guadalájara!"
"No, yo soy de Cocorit," Gabriél corrected.
Turtle slapped Jo-Jo's shoulders and said in a Northern Mexican accent, "Que pasa con tígo, señor? El es de Cocorit, pues, joo know?"
Sandra moved still further from Gabriél, until she found herself between Casper and Jo-Jo. She could not stand to be seen next to somebody who was so much "different" than herself. 
Watching her distancing herself from him as the others laughed set him off. “And ‘chuntie’?” he asked. “Are they calling me un chuntaro?” Chuntaro meaning a backward, unrefined bumpkin; a hick. Chunte was its even worse derogatory derivative. Sandra avoided the question all together, turning away to change the subject.
They all could not help but feel above this man from México. He could only speak one language, so, by their standards, he was unsophisticated. Chances were he did not own the LTD, so he was a poverty-struck loser. To them he was just another ranchéro come to America to make good. All his brains were in his hands. Pity was in their hearts for him, but the patience to understand him had never been with them. The embarrassment of having to lead their own country cousins from México by the hands and teach them how to live like "a civilized person" was all too degrading for them. "Too time consuming" was their excuse. These American Mexicans were Chicanos. Visions of Aztec kings with Steve Reeves muscles and Aztec princesses with Sophia Loren features were their idea of Mexican.
Their concepts did not come close to this real Mexican man. He was from a modern México that conjured to the American mind marijuana and cocaine traffic, diseased water that television comics labeled "Montezuma's Revenge," fat and ugly $2 whores, a Mel Blanc' characterization that asks "joo won’t to meet my seeester?" Pancho Villa, the Frito Bandito and Alphonso Bedayo ("I no haff to cho’ you no steenkin' batches!"). The conflict between their own ideals-- what they were taught to believe and what they consequently took as fact - was too uncomfortable to accept. So, instead of coping, they chose the alternative that all young people use to sustain life and sanity - they teased and laughed.
The minds in the group worked at a steady pace. Each tried to outdo the other in lightly insulting Gabriel.
Jo-Jo broke in and asked him, "Have any immigration men come up to you yet asking for your papers?"
"No." Gabriél said. "I guess I've been lucky so far."
"Pues, sabes qué?" Jo-Jo said seriously. "My father is an officer with la immigracíon."
Gabriél studied Jo-Jo's face and saw no light heartedness in his eyes. This placed a fright into him and at the same time he laughed. "You're not telling me the truth."
"The hell I'm not."
"So, I suppose when you see him, you'll tell him about me."
Jo-Jo turned away with a smirk on his face, winking an eye at his friends who were smiling at the joke.
Turtle told Jo-Jo in confidential English, "Maybe we should tell him that we'll keep quiet for a price."
Chula was in the mood to flirt with Turtle. She slapped his arm playfully and whined, "Guy, how meeeean you are."
"I'm only kidding," Turtle told her.
With a nervousness growing in Gabriél, he walked up to Sandra and took hold of her hand. "It's really very crowded here," he told her. "Would you like to take a walk with me?"
Sandra eased her hand out of his and refused him coldly.
"We could go to a restaurant if you like," Gabriél added, thinking she did not trust herself alone with him,
"There isn't a restaurant anywhere near here."
"Pues, we can take a bus and find one."
Chula and Chee-Chee overheard him and hooted to mock him. "Oooo, Sandra's got a big spender!"
"You better watch him," Tiny yelled at her. "He'll probably want to propose to you so he can get immigrated."
"I wouldn't doubt it," Sandra tossed back.  She looked at Gabriél. "I don't want to leave with you. I want to stay here."
"Pues," Gabriél sighed. "I suppose we can go out to eat some other time."
Sandra looked over to Chee-Chee and said in confidential English, "I wish he'd leave."
"Tell him," Chee-Chee snapped back. "Don't be afraid of him. He's just a chuntie from T.J."
Sandra waited for a pause and summoned the faithful standby excuse. She told Gabriél she did not feel well and wanted to go inside her house. Gabriél smiled understandingly but followed her as she headed home. Conceiving every nice excuse possible, she hinted at ways to tell him he was not wanted. She finally drew a breath of courage and told him she did not want him to call on her anymore.
Gabriél could not understand her attitude and wondered where the night began to go wrong. He saw her kind smile slowly turn sour as she turned her back on him. He followed her as she walked, asking her for reasons.
She grabbed the first one that sounded logical. "You lied to me about the LTD. You don't have an LTD. And you made me think you were immigrated. I don't like being lied to."
"I didn't mean to lie to you."
Sandra made a noise of disbelief. Then she said, "Pues, come back when you have a real LTD and get really immigrated!"
Gabriél saw her step inside her house and then turned to see Jo-Jo standing behind him. Behind Jo-Jo the rest of the boys were placing themselves.
"You don't have anymore business here," Jo-Jo told him. "I'd get out of here if I were you."
Gabriél didn't argue. It was clear to him that he was not wanted anymore. He glanced at the girls who stared at him, almost waiting for him to go so they could enjoy themselves again. He thought wryly that he would be a gentleman and not deny them that privilege.
As he walked off the block, he heard Sandra's voice shouting in the distance behind him. He turned and saw her walking under Jo-Jo's arm. He saw her noticing him and sensed her voice talking louder as if directed at him.
"I'm glad he's gone," she said, in Spanish. "I don't go out with chuntie wetbacks. Chunties go out with ranch girls. I'm no ranch girl!"
Then Gabriél heard the volume of the radios turned up louder to amplify an oldie by Little Willie Gee. Over this he heard laughter and Sandra screaming with delight as Jo-Jo picked her up and kissed her.
"Sandra," Chula called. "Gabriél's standing over there watching you."
"I know it."
"Guy," Chula faithfully said. "How mean!"
Gabriél stood in the middle of the street watching the silhouettes dancing. He stayed until an eager passing car honked its horn and jolted him out of the stinging self-pity he was weaving for himself. He suddenly fell into his familiar attitude of reasoning.
The situation was final. The American girls did not like men who came from México. Although he did not know the reasons, it did not matter. Sandra's prejudice was her problem.
Only the humiliation was his.

 
CHAPTER EIGHT
That night Baca drove through the car jungle of Friday night cruisers on Whittier Boulevard. He felt his stomach conjure past meals. His eyes stubbornly wanted to roll back in his head. His bowels were trying to tend to their job of keeping his crap up his ass. He thought to himself repeatedly that he should not have turned on this street. Not tonight. The cruisers, the car fanatics, even the idiots who suffered delusions of race-car-hero grandeur were on the loose. Soul station rhythms cried out from full-volume car radios around him. The slow-moving traffic had to give way to screaming police cars whose sirens tore into Baca's ears and out his eyes like lethal butcher knives. The roar of souped-up engines exploded in Baca's head. The pain was excruciating.
When Baca stopped in the middle of the street, the cars in back honked their horns persistently. Baca sat behind the wheel and wept.
The horns grew louder while the cars waited for an opening in the next lane. One by one they passed Baca and shouted the obscenities of the road. A refurbished silver and purple '54 De Soto tattooed with assorted homages to deceased relatives blew its screeching horn as the driver hollered at the top of his lungs toward Baca's crippled car. The screech of the horn tore the remaining sanity from Baca's brain and he nearly fainted. Bored Chicanos who had anticipated tonight's dullness on the boulevard made ready eggs and seltzer bottles as they came close to the stalled car. The eggs landed on Baca's back windows and inside the car on the crushed velvet upholstery.
A voice of puberty shouted, "Hey, dude. Man! Wake up, ese!"
Shakened beer was sprayed on his head.
The splash and sprinkle shook him to his senses. The honking still squawked around him, so he rolled up his window. His destination was remembered. The car rolled two blocks before his hands would allow his mind to catch up.
He willed himself to be strong. He was almost to Octavio's apartment. When I get there, he thought, I will go directly to the bathroom. A few moments on the toilet seat will ease these aches.
He stopped in front of the liquor store that was beneath Octavio's apartment. He tried to move his hand to open the door, but his fingers would not move. The other hand was summoned, but it also felt nothing. Baca's eyes watched it turn the handle and saw the door open. He was almost convinced that someone else was opening it for him. He slid his body out of the car with minimal pain. But he came out too quickly. His eyes rolled back, his knees weakened, but his pride kept his balance for him. He slumped onto the hood of the car and tried to bear the pain that was growing inside him. He concentrated hard and willed it away. He thought of the money he had to collect. The money was important.
The pain was now ignored as Baca adjusted his appearance and went into the apartment building. The stairs that he climbed seemed endless. He ran up a few steps to make the climb quicker, but it was as though someone was punching his stomach from the inside. His head felt as if it were going to burst. For the first time sweat was forming on his forehead and dripping down his face. Again, his stomach grumbled and made warnings that it was bringing up his breakfast. When he reached the third floor he looked for apartment G.
Inside apartment G, Octavio was finishing his second glass of whiskey. He asked who was knocking and Baca answered with a faint command to open the door in a hurry. Octavio moved slowly, easing himself out of the chair, whistling along with the theme song of the Puerto Rican comedy show that was on the Spanish language station.
When Octavio opened the door, Baca spilled in. He scanned the room for a bathroom through the white cloud that was forming over his eyes. He ran for the first open door he saw, hoping that it had a toilet inside. He turned on the light, dropped his pants and sat his warm, bare bottom on the toilet seat. He closed the door for privacy and concentrated.
Baca staggered out of the bathroom feeling worse. He made a feeble attempt to zip up his pants. His swelling mouth felt full of cotton. Octavio was happy. He thought Baca was drunk and had come to drink with him. He smiled and became anxious as he looked at the rocking silhouetted figure.
"Come." Octavio told him. "Sit down over here. Taste this whiskey and tell me you don't think it's the best you've ever tasted."
"Do you have my money?" Baca asked him angrily.
Octavio poured. "Pues sí, compadre. Cómo no? But come taste this whiskey. It's good."
Baca hollered. "Do you have my money?" Then his head began to tear open at the jolt of his loud voice.
Octavio tried to hand him the whiskey. Baca knocked the glass out of his way. "I don't want to drink with a stupid peón like you, cabrón. I just want my money!"
Octavio's smile faded. He felt foolish and thought he should have known that Baca would never have come to be sociable.
Baca's pain angered him. He pushed Octavio away so hard that it made Octavio knock over a lamp. "Get your money, pendéjo."
The apartment was dark now. The only light in the room was from the television set. Octavio feebly tried to get back to his feet, only to fall down again when he jerked away from Baca's kicking feet.
"Get my money," Baca screamed, squeezing his stomach and turning toward the bathroom.
Octavio reached for the light switch. The 75 watt bulb filled the room. Baca's eyes caught a sloppy, slouching figure beside him. A closer look shocked Baca when he saw that he was looking at his own reflection in Octavio's dresser mirror.
Octavio took his wad of bills from behind his late son's photograph and walked over to Baca. The bloody, bruised man stood before him.
"What happened, Baca?"
"Just give me the pínche money, sonso."
Octavio stalled and stared.
"Give me the money!" Baca's voice, hollering a stronger tone, tore something inside his stomach. He coughed up blood. His legs were weakening. The white mist was covering his eyes again, and a ringing began in his ears. He did not want to faint.
But suddenly Octavio was over him asking what had happened.
Baca moved his body to a chair. "I'm dying," he whispered. "Call a doctor."
"Tell me, qué paso?"
Baca kept repeating in his head that this was all Rodolpho's fault. His memory brought to mind Rodolpho's face, and Baca wanted to kick it across the room. He prayed to God in earnest to produce Rodolpho in front of him so he could have one more chance to fight off this indignity he was suffering.
Octavio poured him another whiskey and nursed it down his throat. "Were you attacked?" he asked.
Baca coughed up a little whiskey with bloody phlegm and nodded.
"By who?"
"Un híjo de la chingáda." He said it with a wide right eye filled with hostility.
"Who?"
"Marcias. Do you know him? Rodolpho Marcias."
Octavio was pleasantly surprised. "He did that to you? What for?"
"I don't know. Ese pinche púto!” The pain was running wild through his body. He screamed, "I'm dying! I'm dying!"
Octavio clapped his hands as he started to dance and laugh and sing bravos for Rodolpho.
Baca was curdling in his chair, demanding a doctor. Octavio danced toward him and patted his face in refusal.
"I'm not giving you anything," Octavio told him. "Not a doctor and not money."
Baca wheezed, trying to catch his breath. "What are you telling me, jokes?"
Octavio laughed like a lunatic. "You're the only joke here, señor. There you are. You were once a tough man. Everybody was afraid of you. Nobody could touch you, we thought. But, by the looks of you now, I can see that you are nothing!"
Octavio took his glass of whiskey and saluted his son with a toast. "You've finally answered my prayers, hijo."
Baca shouted over him. "Andele, cabron! Dáme el 'pínche dinéro!"
The shouting strained something in his chest. The white flash was coming more frequently. His dizziness was spinning the room around him. He felt his legs give way under him and heard his body drop to the floor.
Octavio smiled and spoke again to his son. "Míra, híjo. Look at the coyóte crawl on the floor like a lizard."
Baca was losing his fight to stay awake. The fall to the floor had ruptured his spleen and the pain was overwhelming him.
He shouted, "I'm dying, I'm dying!"
He closed his eyes. Drowsiness was soothing his head and he fell unconscious.
Octavio laughed tauntingly at the helpless figure on his rug. The biting dog was toothless now. The dragon's flaming breath could be dowsed. So Octavio saw nothing wrong in kicking the carcass now that it was docile.
The kicks were his revenge. Baca had brought Octavio to the United States to work as a cabinet maker making $4.00 an hour. The price was a fabrication of Baca's silver tongue. The job actually paid $2.50 an hour and was only offered periodically. But Octavio trusted Baca to act as agent for other jobs, finally receiving a job that paid $6.00 an hour for doing general chores at another cabinet factory. The job lasted five weeks until, to keep himself and the factory out of-the red, the factory owner called the Bureau of Immigration anonymously to round up all his illegal back pay. Baca found Octavio and threatened him if he did not pay the money he owed him for taking him across the second time. Through schizophrenic reasoning, though, he also became Octavio's friend by bringing him across once more, this time adding Octavio's wife and son to the tab. His wife was to die of overwork in a garment district sweat shop. The son died of an appendectomy operation that a disbarred doctor Baca had recommended tried to perform on Octavio's kitchen table. Octavio kicked Baca for every incident of bad fortune he had brought. He kicked while proclaiming vengeance for his wife and son over and over again.
He danced around the body to celebrate its fall. He fell to the floor himself and laughed in the man's face and loud into his ear. The laughter went on and on until Octavio's eyes opened and saw that Baca looked pale. The guffaws turned to snickers and then to a nervous titter. Baca looked dead. But he wasn't dead. He was still breathing. Wasn't he? He did keep repeating he was dying.
He knelt closer to Baca and slapped his face. "Come on. Come on. Wake up! I don't want you dying here."
The body lay still.
Octavio rushed to the phone and called the operator who called an ambulance. He waited with the body and hoped that Baca would not do the dirtiest of all deeds and die in his living room, leaving the people to believe that he had killed him.
He looked around the room. The felled lamp made him nervous. He picked up all traces of the broken bulb and plaster and tossed them under the sofa. The blood that was spilling from Baca's mouth onto the rug made him frantic. His unbalanced view of the world-caused by the whiskey-had to be changed. Coffee had to be taken.
There was no coffee, so he splashed cold water on his face.
The ambulance arrived in twenty minutes, and paramedics put the body on a stretcher. Police came in with hands, hero-like, on guns, and asked Octavio what was the problem. Octavio told the half-truth of Baca coming to visit in a sick condition. No, he never knew Baca to get into many fights. No, he did not know anyone who would do such a thing to Baca.
During the time Baca was being treated for wounds, he kept muttering in unconsciousness, "I'm dying. I'm dying." One of the paramedics leaned over and asked him to repeat. Baca said, "I'm dying."
Octavio heard the attendant repeat Baca's words. The paramedic was new and inexperienced, and he asked the other if Baca had a chance to live. The other paramedic shook his head, unsure. Octavio took the head movement as an answer. He almost applauded and sang out another bravo for Rodolpho. The policeman looked at him oddly as Octavio tried hard to keep from smiling.
When the questions were asked, Baca wheeled away and the crowded doorway cleared of bored curiosity seekers, Octavio ran to the phone. He looked inside his telephone book for the number of an old friend who had come with him and his family from Oaxaca, and who was paying Baca $800 a month in blackmail. Octavio stammered an introductory greeting when he answered. He asked questions about the happenings of the day, and then, with delight in bringing good news to a friend, Octavio cried out that Baca was dead.
CHAPTER NINE
On Monday morning Rodolpho and Gabriél hurried to the factory. Inactive Saturday and doddering Sunday made them anxious to work again. Gabriél's gray cutting room and Rodolpho's loading dock above the sea of sweat both seemed livelier than the closet they were calling home.
Gabriél almost danced up the six flights of stairs when he thought of seeing the pretty-faced girl again. Rodolpho passed all the other workers who were suffering through Blue Monday. He had a lonely man's hope that Octavio would strike up another conversation with him. Although Gabriél had become Rodolpho's good friend, topics of discussion between the two had worn thin after Saturday.
Rodolpho walked directly to a stack of boxes that had to be carried to the loading platform.
He heard a voice shout "Óye, Rodolpho! But he ignored it. The voice was unfamiliar. Óye!" the voice cried again, harsher.
Rodolpho turned quickly, ready to run. He saw an unfamiliar smiling face on a man who was about to drive a forklift.
"Como esta?" the man shouted to him.
Rodolpho could only smile and wave.
He kept walking and was stopped by a worker who had the habit of squeezing a good man's shoulder and pumping goodwill with a friend's hand.
"Rodolpho," the man said. "Como esta, mano? How was your weekend?"
Rodolpho looked around for a laughing face. Was this a joke?
"My weekend was all right," he answered. And your name is . . . ?"
"My name is Rodolpho, too. Rodolpho Orosco. I’m here everyday. I help out the red-haired man sometimes. I'm like your foreman. Come up to me whenever you want to talk."
"About what?"
"Anything you want."
When Orosco walked away, Rodolpho Marcias was stopped by another man. "Tu ére Marcias?"
"Sí."
The man shook Rodolpho's hand. "Grácias, señor, por tódo!"
He laughed nervously. "Grácias for what?"
Another man called from a loading platform, "Óye! Señor Marcias!"
Rodolpho looked toward the platform and saw the man grab his hands together and raise them over his head like a champ.
"Víva!"
The unfamiliarity of this moment was uncomfortable for Rodolpho. This was like a deep-sleep dream of being at a party where he knew no one, but everyone knew him. Maybe this was a dream similar to that? Maybe this was a moment in his head that was still asleep on the pillow in the apartment.
But more men came to shake his hand and to thank him. So many men began to come to him now that Rodolpho began to play along with them. He would say "you're welcome," and that no thanks were needed because he was only doing his job.
When the grateful and applauding men thinned out, Rodolpho kept his mind occupied with work. As he was lifting a large bolt, Octavio came up and hugged him.
Rodolpho tried to hold his balance while he placed the bolt down. "Why are you hugging me?" he asked, embarrassed by the open affection.
"I'm only grateful to you, señor," Octavio said.
"Not you, too?" Rodolpho asked him. "Why? What did I do?"
"As if you didn't know," Octavio laughed.
"That's right, I don't."
Octavio nodded. "I understand. It's better that we don't talk here in the open. The police might be around."
"La policía? For what?"
Octavio only walked away and left Rodolpho frightened of the people around him. All the workers were going crazy, he thought. He would have to keep to himself until lunch.


Gabriél was busy following the men at the cutting table and doing the same moves they were doing to earn a day's pay. Every once in a while he would let his eyes wander toward the pretty-faced girl and let the dream-plays perform in his mind.
A hard hand slapped his shoulder. "Óye! Stop dreaming. Keep your mind on your work." It was the head cutter. A broad-shouldered Chicano with sweat dripping from his face. It annoyed his temper to see someone resting on the job.
Gabriél tried to evaluate the Chicano. By looks, he seemed a gentleman who would understand his question. Gabriél tapped his shoulder once and asked in Azteca words. "Do you speak Spanish?"
The Chicano indicated' "naturally" and asked, "What was I just speaking, Chinese?"
Gabriél pointed to the pretty-faced girl. Do you know who she is?"
"Her name is Inez."
The name rolled in his mind, and sentences began to form around the name. But the sentences were in Spanish.
He tried to catch another look at her profile when she reached for some fabric. Her nose looked turned up. It was a known fact that girls who had their noses turned up were snobs. (Sandra, he remembered, had her nose turned up a bit.) This girl here, this Inez, was the type that liked los Americános and would accept him if he spoke English and had a long car. He hoped that his light skin would be an asset. Maybe dark-skinned men repulsed her, he thought.
He saw her rise from her sewing machine and walk to the bathroom. She smiled her pretty-faced smile at a girlfriend who said something funny to her. Gabriél watched the corners of her mouth curl up and liked her again. He wanted to get close to her. He wanted a chance to speak to her, if only to see what she was like.
At the moment, he wanted to know English, enough to get by.
He tapped the Chicano again. "Teach me how to say something in English."
"What for?"
He pointed to Inez's vacant machine. "For that girl. For Inez. I want to get to know her."
The Chicano chewed on the inside of his mouth and turned back to his work without answering.
"Will you do it?" Gabriél asked.
But the man was sour. "I'm not a teacher, I'm a worker. You should be, too!"
"Pero, look at the girl! Wouldn't you want to get to know her?"
The man-looked at his cutters and threw his head in Gabriél's direction, as if to say, "Get a load of this guy." The other workers smiled and looked at Gabriél without compassion.
Gabriél asked again. "Wouldn't you want to know her?"
"Sí," the man said.
"Then help me," Gabriél pleaded. "How would you say, 'You're a pretty girl, and I would like to get to know you?'"
The other workers rolled their eyes at his words.
The Chicano winked at his friends and placed a sigh in his voice. "Míra,” he said. "This is what you should say. 'You ....'"
"Ju . . ; ."
"No. Listen to me first. Say to her, 'You have a good mouth to suck cocks with.' "
Gabriél tried to repeat. Coaching from the others made him learn faster.
"Y después," the Chicano continued, "dígale, 'Would you suck mine?' "
"What does that mean?" Gabriél asked.
"You're asking her to go out with you. 'Would you suck mine?' "
"Woojoo . . ." Gabriél tried.
"Would you suck mine?" the Chicano coached.
"Woo joo sock maheen?"
Gabriél continued to work while he muttered the sentences. He kept thanking the Chicano and the others for coaching him. They smiled good-natured smiles and told him to hurry and tell Inez his words.
"We want to see young love blossom in front of our eyes," one worker told him while the others looked away to laugh.
Gabriél tried to hurry, but he had some second thoughts.
"What happens if she wants to hear more English?" he asked the Chicano.
"If she has a good soul," the Chicano said, "she'll overlook the fact that you know little English. Especially if you tell her that you learned that pretty phrase just for her."
Gabriél thought about it. It sounded correct. He buried himself in his work to get himself in the mood. His mind started to wander to movies where great Mexican actors won their women with masculine attitudes of love and straightforward words of how they felt about their women. All these assets were in him, he imagined. These were what made him different from all the other men who could have been in Inez's life. He was somebody special. He waited for her to return to her sewing machine and he left the cutting table to walk bravely to her.
The cutters watched in anticipation as Gabriél stepped closer to Inez. He walked past her, trying to catch her eye but her eyes stayed on her work. He turned around and leaned on the sewing, machine. His mouth formed the first sentence he had learned. The cutters' laugh broke loose when they saw Inez back away and heard her scream, "Whaaat?"
Gabriél said in Spanish, "Don't be surprised. It's the truth." Then, in English, "Woojoo sock maheen?" Inez picked up her scissors, and Gabriél's eyes popped wide open.
"Who do you think you are, telling me those things?" she shouted at him in English. Her screaming caused all the workers to stop and look. Gabriél was backing away, looking foolish, trying to climb backwards onto another sewing table. Meanwhile, the cutters were laughing hysterically.
Inez held her scissors by the cutting blades and was trying as best she could to hit him over the head. When Flores, the foreman, interrupted her, he was almost hit himself.
"Que pása?" he was shouting while protecting himself. Inez was so furious that the words were spilling out of her mouth over one another. Gabriél tried to explain, but when he opened his mouth, Inez threatened him with the scissors again. So Gabriél took his place behind Flores.
But Flores waved away any explanations. "Nevermind. Just go back to work. Both of you."
Inez answered him in English. "Well, you tell him to keep his dirty mouth away from me." She said it shaking her finger wildly at Gabriél.
Flores pushed Inez away gently and said, "Just shut up, Inez, and go back to work." Then he looked at Gabriél and clapped his hands like an indignant maiden aunt. "And you!" he said in Spanish. "Get back to your table and cut that fabric." His hands moved like butterflies to shoo him away from the scene, then he turned a model's turn to address himself to the other workers. "All right, girls," he said in English, "It's over now. Get back to work." Then he translated himself in Spanish.
Gabriél walked back to the cutting table and saw the cutters trying to hide their faces when they laughed. He took his place at the table and waited for the other men to start working. But one of the cutters looked to another and mimicked Gabriél. "Woo joo sock maheen?"
Gabriél closed his eyes in embarrassment. It had happened again! He had been led into the part of the fool.
"Can you imagine," laughed a Mexican worker to the Chicano, "going up to a girl and telling her she's got a good enough mouth to give you head?"
The Chicano laughed, leaning on the table, adjusting his legs so that he wouldn't urinate in his pants.
Inez stopped sewing and turned around to see where the laughter was coming from. A seamstress next to her told her, "They're making fun of the boy who insulted you."
"Woo joo sock maheen?" Inez heard one of the workers taunt Gabriél. "How stupid can a guy be?"
Inez started to smile when she saw Gabriél's face turning red and looking for a place to hide. She felt the kind of revenge that tasted sweetest. "Maybe," she told the seamstress, "the embarrassment will teach him not to walk up to girls, and talk dirty!"
Finally, the Chicano controlled his laughter. "Ya! Enough. Let's go back to work."
The others were winning control over their laughter, too. One was doing so by not looking at Gabriél. When the man had it beaten, he turned around. But the first face he saw was Gabriél's, and once again his laughter burst open like a torn bag of sugar. The man's hysterics prompted the others to lose control and start laughing again.
Gabriél couldn't stand this. Finally he hollered for them all to be quiet. Then he looked at the Chicano knowing that this embarrassment was his fault. Gabriél let his fist fly.
The Chicano stepped back a little when Gabriél hit him. He shook his head clear and went for Gabriél. A boxer's punch to the face stunned Gabriél and made him numb. A blow to the stomach made him bend over. His hand fell on a sheet of fabric that was on the table. He threw it at the man's face, but he ducked away. Gabriél charged like a bull and tackled the Chicano to the floor. He sat on his stomach and slapped his face with punches. The Chicano threw Gabriél off balance. The Chicano got to his feet in blinding speed and picked Gabriél up. His right fist flew to Gabriél's jaw. The force knocked Gabriél back, and he could feel himself bouncing off the wall of people who had encircled the fight. Some of the fight fans pushed him back in. Gabriél swung but missed. The Chicano dodged back and went behind Gabriél, kicking his tailbone to make the audience laugh. The humiliation of this laughter gave Gabriél the strength to fight harder. But blood was now clouding his vision, and when he swung, he missed again. The Chicano was now tiring of fighting with this amateur, so the two needed blows to the face were delivered and his thirst for seeing a man fall to the floor beaten was quenched.
Gabriel lay still, hearing the muffled sounds of voices talking above him. He heard a long ringing bell and tried to remember if he were in a prize fight. The hungry spectators welcomed the bell and walked away to eat lunch.
Again Flores came to Gabriél. The effeminate foreman tried to help him up, scolding him like a grandmother all the while. "No me asen caso, verdad? You're no sooner done fighting with one worker than you're fighting with another. If you weren't needed so badly, I'd fire you." He propped him on the cutter's table. "Are you all right?"
Gabriél breathed deeply. "Sí."
Inez passed Flores and shouted to Gabriél in English, "Maybe now you'll learn not to use your shitty language to a lady! Who the fuck do you think you are? What do you think I am?"
Gabriél shouted back to her. "Díme en Éspañol. Yo no entiendo Inglés."
"Don't give me that shit!"
Gabriél's face twisted. "Qué ?"
"Don't play stupid. I hate it when people play stupid with me."
Gabriél asked again. "Qué quieres decir? No entiendo,señorita!"
Inez stood in disbelief, but asked in Spanish, "You don't understand any English?"
"No."
"At all?"
"No. It's true! Just ask him." He pointed to Flores.
But Inez spoke over Flores. "Pues, if you don't understand English, how did you know what to say to me over there?"
"What did I say?"
Inez was still distrustful. "What did you want to say?"
"That you were a pretty girl and that I wanted to get to know you."
Inez placed a hand on her hip and turned away to mutter, "Bullshit."
Gabriél sensed her doubt. "It's true! But tell me, what did I say?"
She looked at him, trying to detect a lying look in his eyes. "Are you telling me the truth? About what you wanted to say, I mean."
"Sí. Por que'? What did I say?"
Inez was beginning to smile. "I'm not going to tell you."
"Por qué? Was it something bad?"
"Sí," she said with wide eyes. "As bad as you can get."
"Pues, I'm sorry. The man I was fighting with told me to say those things to you. I didn't know they were bad."
Inez nodded an acceptance of the apology and then looked inside her purse for a Kleenex. "You have blood dripping from your eye," she told him. "He must have hit you with his ring." She gave him a handkerchief instead and he wiped the blood off.
"Don't listen to those men anymore," she told him. "They're nothing but idiots. They'll laugh at anything."
Suddenly a squeaky voice called out Inez's name. Both Gabriél and Inez saw another girl walking through the sewing machine maze carrying two lunch sacks. When the girl could see Gabriél's face spotted with blood, she stared at him but did not acknowledge him. She asked Inez, "Do you want to eat here or on the stairs?"
Inez opened her bag. "Let's eat here," she said, and then saw that the girl was staring. "Theresa," she told the girl, "this is ... what's your name?"
"Gabriél Ortega."
"Gabriél Ortega. Gabriél, ésto es Theresa." She was about to bite into her sandwich when she added with a laugh, "Y yo, me llama Inez."
"Sí," Gabriél said. "I know."
Inez's eyebrows slanted. "And how do you know my name?"
"I asked around."
Theresa muttered in confidential English, "Why is he so bloody?"
Inez spoke in a whisper. "I’ll tell you later."
Inez gave him half her sandwich and watched him as he ate. She imagined how his face looked without the blood. She remembered that it was a nice face.
Theresa pointed to Gabriél and asked in loud English, "Isn't he the cute guy we saw on Friday?"
Inez pulled Theresa's finger down and said, "Yeah." Then she attended to her sandwich. Looking at the slim slices of bologna and cheese between two slices of Wonder Bread, she noticed that Gabriél was staring at her. She rose her eyes to see his smile. She accepted it and gave him one of her own.
"If you think about it," Gabriél said, "those men weren't really that bad, after all."
"Why do you say that?"
"They got you to notice me."
Theresa nudged Inez and asked in English, "I thought you said you weren't going to talk to another wetback."
"I know." Inez looked at her mental picture of Gabriél's bloodless face. "But I think I'm changing my mind."


Rodolpho selected his food from the roach coach and then gave the man all his loose change. He sat on the back of a truck and unwrapped his sandwich while he waited for Gabriél.
"Óye, Rodolpho!" he heard a voice call. "Are you eating alone?"
Rodolpho saw Octavio coming toward him with a smile on his face. Other men saw Octavio walking and proceeded to follow him to where Rodolpho was sitting. "A man like you," Octavio said, "shouldn't be eating alone."
Another Mexican worker sat beside Rodolpho and asked, "How's your sandwich? Fresh?"
"Sí," Rodolpho answered curiously.
Octavio nudged Rodolpho as he sat next to him. "Look at all the people coming to eat with you." He began to laugh. "News travels fast."
"What news?"
Rodolpho Orosco came with four of his friends and squeezed through the crowd that was forming. "Yá, Señor Marcias. Tell us what happened. How did you do it?"
Marcias looked at Orosco and then looked at the other anxious faces surrounding him. "How did I do what?"
Octavio looked out among the friendly brown faces for an unfriendly white one. "How did you kill Baca?”
Rodolpho sat stunned. "Baca? Dead?"
Octavio laughed. "Look at him. Don't put on a show for us, Rodolpho. No one is going to tell the police." He looked into the crowd around him. "Right men?" Some men gave their heads a nod. Most men said no, they wouldn't tell, and reached to pat him on the shoulder.
"Baca was a coyóte," Orosco said. "A bad one."
Another voice added, "He was a thief."
"He would have sold his own mother as a whore," said another.
"He must have done that, too," Octavio answered.
Rodolpho tried to look at all the faces at the same time. "I didn't kill Baca."
Octavio answered, "Yes, you did. I tell you, Rodolpho, it's all right. No one will say anything."
"But how, then? When?"
"Friday, did he try to collect money from you?"
“Sí, pero...."
"Pues, did he get money from you?"
"No."
"What did you do?"
"I beat the shit out of him."
The other men hooted and shouted, "Víva!"
"He died," Octavio told him above the others. "After you beat him up, he came to my house and died there. He told me that you beat him up."
Rodolpho became worried about God's opinion of him. "But I didn't mean to kill him."
"Don't worry," another worker said. "You didn't kill a man, you cured us of a disease."
"A cancer," Orosco added. "Baca's power grew and grew, and the more he grew, the more he took away."
Octavio lifted Rodolpho's hands. "Imagine!" he shouted to the group. "These bare hands could kill a man."
Another man asked, "Didn't he try to use his gun?"
"What about his long knife?" asked another.
Rodolpho shook his head. "I never knew he had those things."
"I've seen them," a man shouted with a mouth full of apple. "The gun was as big as a puppy dog, and the knife was as long as a broomstick."
Some of the men laughed at the exaggeration.
"Who's really seen them?" Orosco asked. "Nobody! I doubt that he even had them."
"He threatened me with them," the exaggerative worker claimed.
"Me, too," Octavio testified. "Many times."
Marcias spoke in a low tone. "I didn't know him that long. Was he really that bad?" He wanted an excuse to justify the crime. He thought he could think of Baca as a criminal, and of killing him as a duty he was responsible for attending to, being an ex-policeman from Cocorit.
Another worker told assorted stories of what Baca had done to him and the others to certify the man's cruelties. Octavio told his own story and brought a question to Rodolpho's mind.
"Why did you all stand for it?" he asked. "Octavio, I feel for your misery, but why did you trust him after he wronged you?"
Octavio was speechless and felt foolish. Ironically, a man who disliked Octavio answered for him. "He was like all of us," he said. "He was alone and at the bottom, willing to do anything to step up in the world. I believed in Baca even after he sent the immigration after my sons, because I thought I could use the small step he was giving me to fight my way out. You see, you think that way when you're poor. You know that. You'll take everything and try anything."
"But none of us thought of killing him," a fat worker added. "Even though we all hoped he would die someday soon."
"You are the hero of us all," another worker certified. "Whether you want us to or not, we will be grateful to you always."
“But for killing a man?" Rodolpho said. "It's not right."
"Nonsense," Octavia told him. "There should be a holiday for what you did."
"And there should be celebrating," Orosco added. "We should all be getting drunk."
The others laughed and shouted in agreement.
Orosco added in a burst, "We should all go to Connie's house!"
The men who knew the place agreed with cheers. She was the widowed woman who threw the happy parties, the drunken parties, the celebrating parties and the funeral parties. She was the kind of woman who could gather together the beer, the food and the hard booze to accommodate the celebrants and close boyfriends who loved her more than they did their own wives.
When Orosco told Rodolpho about her, Rodolpho shied away from the party. "I don't know the woman. Why would she want to throw a party for me?"
"It won't be just for you, máno. For her, it'll be another excuse to have a party. She loves parties, máno."
Before Rodolpho could refuse, Orosco stood on the hood of the truck and made the loud announcement that there would be a party that night.
"Everyone!" he said. "Bring yourself and everyone you know who owed Baca money! The demon is dead, and we're going to send him to hell with the best fucking party that anyone's ever been to! Everybody come! All for our guardian angel, Rodolpho Marcias!"
Those Mexicans and Chicanos who were still buying their lunches or who were passing through the yard to and from work, stopped when they heard the news about the party and cheered with the other Latinos in Rodolpho's name. Those few non-Latinos who could understand Spanish sat and wondered at the meaning of Orosco's esoteric phrases. Those who understand no Spanish all sat watching, thinking Orosco was provoking a strike.
"Y que te víva Rodolpho Marcias!" a Mexican worker sounded out.
The men answered with raised thermoses, cups of coffee and Pepsi bottles, "Viva!"
Rodolpho witnessed everything but felt as if it were happening to someone else.


During the last half of the day, Gabriél kept his distance from the Chicano and the rest of the workers. They, in turn, respected his honor enough to not bring up the matter anymore. But two of the cutters still kept making eyes at each other in reference to Gabriél in an effort to make one another laugh.
Close to the cutting table, two women were double stitching pant legs.
"Oh!" one blurted to the other. "Did you hear the good news?"
"Qué?"
The first woman spoke louder. "I say, did you hear the good news?"
"What news?"
"They've killed him. He's finally gone."
Gabriél heard their Spanish and took interest in their conversation.
"Who did they kill?"
"El coyote! Selma told me. A man fought with him and broke his arms and legs."
"No! Really?"
"Sí”
The woman glanced at her friend to see her shake her head in pity. "What's the matter, Hortencia? You're not feeling sorry for him, are you?"
The second woman made the sign of the cross and answered, "No. Just for the end of a life."
The first woman grabbed another pair of fabric pieces and began to sew them together to make another pair of pants. "If you ask me," she said, "the man deserved to die. My family was paying him a hundred dólares a month just for bringing me over."
"Pues, sí," the second woman agreed. "Almost all of los Mexicános who work here are the same. My sister and I are still paying him for bringing us over here two years ago, long after we paid him what we agreed."
"Was he blackmailing you that way, too? He had Celia Madero paying five hundred for herself and her four children. Luckily they're all teenagers and they’re all working to help her to pay it."
The second woman slid the pair of fabric pieces under the bobbing needle of the machine. "Sí. I think it's better that the man's dead.  Do they know who killed him?"
"Oh, si. He works here. They're going to give him a party. I've got the address. I’ll give it to you."
Flores playfully stole behind Gabriél and spoke in a sudden loud voice. "Get to work!"
Gabriel jumped and began to unroll the fabric from the bolt. He turned to see the foreman smile a teasing smile and closed his fist in an angry clench.


At the end of the day, when the whistle blew and the workers sighed with relief, Gabriél walked to Inez's sewing machine. She was squatting to the floor to pick up scraps of fabric around her machine and stuff them into her purse. He squatted beside her and helped her.
He stopped to look at her. He hoped his pearly and dimpled smile would bring her personality out for conversation.
"Where do you live?" he asked.
She hesitated, not wanting to tell him. But he had an honest face (not to mention handsome, an asset that was important to her). She didn't want him to think she was snobbish. "I live not far," she said.
"Not-far walking or not-far driving," he asked.
"Not far by bus."
"Can I ride with you?"
She rose, her eyes still on him. "I don't think so."
"Why not?"
"I'll see you tomorrow," she told him. "We can talk tomorrow."
"Can I have your phone number?"
She backed away. "I’ll talk to you tomorrow."
Theresa rushed in and whined in English. "Come on, Inez. We're gonna be late. The bus is going to leave!"
"I'm coming," she told her, then turned to look at Gabriél with an apologetic smile. "Tomorrow."
"Sí. Tomorrow."
Rodolpho threw his last load of bolt on the back of the truck as the five o'clock whistle blew. His full heart made his legs walk faster than the others. His pride was lifting him above the others. He planned to go to the apartment, get dressed in the finest clothes he had brought from México and go to the party. Tonight he would make friends. He would get drunk with those friends. He would laugh and maybe sing until dawn.
He felt a hand on his shoulder. Rodolpho Orosco asked him, "Where are you going so fast?"
Four men ran to catch up with the two Rudolphos. As they walked to the gate, more men joined them. One of them began to chant, "Viva. Viva. Viva-viva-viva!" Another man caught on. Two more men joined the first two. Then twelve men were chanting. Then twenty men began to sing a victory song to the tempo of the chanting. Men and women inside the factory who had heard about Rodolpho's deed and were in a position to be thankful came out and joined in the victory parade. The parade of shouting and singing bodies began to overflow out into the street. Orosco and Octavio took their places beside Rodolpho and lifted him to their shoulders. The crowd shouted more viva's and sang a louder song.
Gabriél walked downstairs to the loading platform to meet Rodolpho. He heard cheering voices that were fading away from the area but paid no attention to them. Instead, he looked for Rodolpho, even whistling to let him know that he was there. When Gabriél jumped off the platform, he saw the tail-end of the singing and shouting crowd. He ran toward the noise. Over the field of heads he saw Rodolpho laughing as he waved at the long parade that was behind him. Gabriél tried to rush toward him, squeezing between the people, wondering what was happening.
Octavio and Orosco stopped at the parking lot a block away from the factory. They hurriedly let him down and climbed atop Orosco's van to let the people see that the parade had stopped. As Octavio and Orosco waved their hands to address the people, Gabriél was still struggling among the bodies.
Orosco shouted so that everyone heard every word. "Now is the time we pay tribute to the dragon slayer!" Some laughed at the comparison. "Anybody who can, grab your friends and follow us to the party that will end all parties. Follow us to the celebration of the coming of the Mexican Moses!"
The crowd cheered louder.
Gabriél made an earnest attempt to approach the head of the crowd. But the people guarded their positions in the crowd and would not be moved to let one man through.
A man pushed him back. "Get back there!"
A woman told him, "Don't get in front of me," and dug her elbow into Gabriél's side.
"Get the address from someone you know," Octavio shouted.
"Or follow us!" Orosco added, jumping into his van.
Gabriél made his way around the reluctant spectators and continued his struggle to the head of the crowd.
Octavio and Rodolpho jumped off the top of the van in unison. Orosco, already inside, opened the van doors. Rodolpho and Octavio leaped in, but they were followed by a flood of people who wanted to ride with their new savior.
Gabriél was shoved further away from the van, until he saw it being swallowed by the human sea. He turned toward a honking truck that was taking passengers. He raced for it but was kicked away. Another truck honked for riders. He raced for it but was again nudged away by jabbing elbows. A small Volkswagen tried to ease away with only four in the car. But it was caught by a screaming girl who held onto its door handle and pleaded to be let in. Hordes began to drown the car, all wanting to be the fifth passenger. Gabriél waited. Another truck was behind Orosco's van. Gabriél ran for it. His move caught the attention of other anxious people, and they also raced for the truck. Faster legs carried people past Gabriél and onto the truck. Gabriél tried, but he was pulled away by eager hands of two lovers who boarded the truck instead and laughed as they saw him fall backwards.
The van slowly began to move with the truck behind it. The Volkswagen drudged along until it blew out two back tires. The two remaining trucks followed, then other cars roared past Gabriél, who stood by the curb wishing he had a ride to the party, too.
CHAPTER TEN
The party began when the first foot hit the clean rug. The ill-adjusted stereo was playing the boléro romantica music of Javier Solís. Connie had made the sandwiches and set out the beer so everyone could help themselves. Whiskey, bourbon and cognac were poured into paper cups. A Mariachi recording was added, and a man could  be heard singing in a loud and off-key voice the jingle-like words that belonged to the instrumental. Women spoke of other women who worked in the factory. The men talked about cards and about other men who worked at the factory. Younger girls waited to catch a glance at Rodolpho, the man who had broken Baca's body with one punch. Orosco went to his van and returned to the house with his guitar, prompting everyone to sing along with him and the record. The man who was singing off-key took the bongos that lay on the floor and joined Orosco by slapping them expertly. Someone else shook maracas and more voices were added to Orosco's.
Rodolpho Marcias was in the corner, keeping to himself and watching the partying people. But a beer can was raised in his honor, and he was brought into the center of attention. The title of "dragon slayer" kept repeating itself on the toastmaster's tongue. Shapely workers moved close to his side and cuddled themselves under Rodolpho's hesitant and shy arms. He felt one of the girls rubbing his buttocks while the other massaged his shoulder. He took another drink of bourbon and then relaxed comfortably on his feminine crutches.
The front door opened. Lazy-tongued white dudes and chicks came in to soak up the party atmosphere. A mustachioed long-hair bopped his way to the beer table and called for Connie. "Didn't you buy any Lucky Lager?" Méxicanos from the factory stared at these "hippies" and took pro and con positions amongst themselves in confidential Spanish. Young Chicanos watched the Caucasian chicks wander around the party looking for a friendly face. Older Chicanos took to their usual uncomfortable feeling at the unfamiliar white faces. But they soon ignored them and enjoyed the party. After an album of Los Tríos de Los Pánchos was finished, an album of James Taylor was placed on the stereo. A few grumbles were heard among the fans of Mexican Mariachi, but James Taylor sang on.
The front door opened again. Abraham, Connie's son, let in his fellow students from USC, who let in their friends from East Los Angeles College, who let in their friends from UCLA, one of whom let in a Chicano Studies professor from Los Angeles City College.
On the record player, James Taylor was traded for an Eydie Gorme album of romantic Spanish songs. She was traded in turn for Oldies But Goodies, which was traded for more Javier Solis, who was then traded for albums by the East L.A. bands El Chicáno and Tierra. Javier returned after nine songs but was tolerated for only eight bars until he was traded for Jimi Hendrix. In the midst of this musical trading, someone was caught with a John Denver single and barely escaped with his life.
Among the Mexicános who were from the factory, more toasts were made for Rodolpho. Rodolpho looked up from the small group of people he had been talking to and accepted the testimonials in stride. Then his head moved with a jerk and returned to a woman who was telling the story about how she escaped the immigration.
She was eighteen at the time, she told the group, and she knew no English. So when the border guard asked her for proof that she was an American citizen, she moved her hands as if she were a deaf mute, confusing the guard to the point of frustration. He let her go. This was back in 1960, she told the group, when sneaking in was much easier.
The group laughed as the woman shook away the feeling that the retelling of the incident had left her. "The things that some people have to do to get into this country . . ." she said.
Others told their stories, including Rodolpho, who told about changing his clothes to look American. A few heads nodded at the familiarity of the situation. Baca had asked a few others in the group to change clothes, too.
A newcomer to the group said, "Isn't it strange that un Méxicano can treat his own people like that?"
"Ere un Marínche," another man said. "He was a traitor and a man who only cared about the dollar."
Another woman spoke out. "My family was paying him over eleven hundred dólares a month."
"For what?" a woman with a bottle of gin asked. The other woman itemized with her fingers. "Myself, my brother, my daughter and my four sons. We all had to work to pay forty dólares a piece every week."
Another man spoke out. "That's not possible. It doesn't even out. Esta Baca charged two hundred dólares, no?"
"Who told you that?" the others asked.
The contradicting man explained. "I was paying him two hundred a head, and I only had myself, my wife and daughter."
The woman he was addressing leaned back. "But my family and I were paying him three hundred each."
Another voice spurted. "My wife and I were paying four hundred.
"Y nosotros!" said another. "We were paying four-fifty!"
The woman that held the gin leveled herself toward Rodolpho. "And how much did you owe him, señor? I’ll bet it was a king's mint for you to kill him."
Rodolpho opened his eyes wider and slanted his eyebrows to the sides of his face. "He wanted seventy-five dólares a week."
The woman was still leaning forward but was frozen. Only her eyes blinked in disbelief. Slowly she began to smirk and then leaned back and cackled. "Seventy-five dólares! Ooh, señor! You must have a temper!"
A girl next to Rodolpho patted his shoulder and then rubbed his back. "Don't make fun of him," she told the cackling woman. "It's about time that a man stood up for his principles."
The woman's laughter was still in her voice. "Pero, seventy-five dólares?"
A man's voice escaped a beer bottle. "Well, we all know what Baca was like. Along with being a son-of-a-bitch, un pinche cabrón, he was an inconsistent glob of pus." Then he raised his bottle to the ceiling. "Para Baca," he announced. "Chingue sú madre!"
The group raised their drinks and said in unison, "Chíngue!"
As Rodolpho sat back to hear the men in the group harmonize an old song, he felt a hand on his arm. Without turning he felt his ego lift when he thought it might be one of the girls seated next to him. Then he turned he saw Octavio grinning broadly.
"How do you like the party?" Octavio asked him.
Rodolpho protected his ear from the thundering twang of electric guitar music. "It's very loud."
Orosco approached Rodolpho and placed a hand on his shoulder. With his other hand, which held a glass of rum, he pushed forth Connie Garza.
"This is the woman who lives here," he told Rodolpho. "She's been wanting to meet you. Keep her entertained. Show her the muscles that killed el coyóte." Then, before he left, he shoved Connie closer to Rodolpho and went to refill his glass.
Rodolpho looked at this woman and saw movie-star beauty. When she said in Spanish, "I've heard a lot about you," he recognized the accent of Spain in her voice.
He asked her, "What have you heard?"
She moved closer to his ear. "Did you really kill a man?"
Rodolpho winced at the thought. He said in a mumble, "They tell me I did."
"Pues, don't you know?"
"No." He stopped and shook his head, taking another drink to pause. "Let's talk about something else."
"Where do you come from?" she asked.
"Cocorit. Do you know where that is?"
"Sí. I've driven by there."
"You must have had a hard time."
"Por qué?"
"You're so pretty, a lot of men must have tried to stop you."
Her mouth curled into a smile and showed her teeth. She pinched his cheek and said, "You're not a murderer, you're a flatterer."
The title touched an angry nerve in his chest. He quickly grabbed her wrist and pulled her hand away from his face. In a tight-lipped growl he said, "I'm not a murderer. I didn't mean to kill him."
Connie kept calm. Though his fingernails were digging into the back of her wrist, she kept her eyes on him. "All right, señor. All right. I'm sorry for what I said. Just let me go."
Rodolpho seemed to awaken from a daydream and noticed that his hand held her wrist. He let it go. He apologized.
She looked at his face with pity and accepted his apology with one of her own. "I shouldn't have said that." '
He smiled in embarrassment and looked for an exit. He excused himself and went out the front door, sitting down on the top step of the porch to feel the night air. Connie ignored another man's call and followed Rodolpho. She sat on the banister and stared at him until he looked at her.
"You look like a man with deep troubles," she said. 
He found himself sighing, then looked away. "You could say that I am."
"You're not immigrated, are you?"
"No."
"And that troubles you?"
"Sí."
"And, forgive me, Baca is dead. This bothers you, too?"
He turned to her and gave a nod. "I can't get over the feeling that something will happen to me. That the police will catch me, la immigrácion will send me back, I'll go to prison. I'm alone in this country!"
"Did you see all the friends you have in the house, señor?"
"They don't matter. They admire me because I took a heavy load off their backs. I'm talking about friends. Good friends who will stand by me, who I can lean on. I don't have those kind of friends here." He searched for more words but could only say, "I'm alone."
She moved toward him. "How long have you been here?"
"A little over two weeks."
She took her place beside him. "Are you married?"
"Sí. If I had her right now, I wouldn't be lonely." Her eyes studied him carefully. A man who was honest about his insecure feelings was rare. A man who would admit them without shaking hands and teary eyes was more of a rarity. She tried to detect a smirk under his forlorn look. She tried to listen for a laugh in his worried voice. There were none. This confirmed that he was not looking for sympathetic sex, so she leaned backward and began to appreciate the man's presence.
"You're a very honest man," she told him. "I wish more men were like you."
"Do you? Sometimes I take my honesty as a handicap. I wish I could hide my feelings."
"Just because you're lonely for your wife? That's foolish. Don't be ashamed of caring for someone."
"My wife takes my honesty as a fault."
"I wouldn't." She confirmed her sentence with a nod when he looked up at her. "If I was your wife, I would appreciate it if you missed me. Probably because I miss my man. I know what it's like to be alone, too, so don't feel like it is only reserved for you."
Then she stopped before she would say more. She had learned a long time ago that widows who talked of their husbands to other men would stay alone for a long time.
"What was your husband like?" Rodolpho asked.
"Oh, you don't want to know” was her answer, and she damned herself for sounding as if she were falsely modest.
"Yes, I do," Rodolpho insisted. "How long were you married?"
"Twenty-two years. And you?"
"Ten."
She said, "I was fifteen when I got married," and silently damned herself again. She kept trying to think of ways to prove that she was not a plastic woman.
"I figured so," Rodolpho said. "You look young."
She relaxed.
"My wife looks very young, too," he continued. "She's five years older than me and she still looks like a seventeen-year-old."
"My husband had your build - very muscular." She thought of the man so much at that moment that she envisioned him at his best. "But you know what used to annoy me about him?"
"What?"
"He used to burp a lot. He drank beer almost twelve hours a day and spent the other twelve burping it out."
"Do you know what my wife does? She picks her nose. Not intentionally. But when she's got nothing else to do with her fingers, you'll always find them up her nose."
"My husband also used to clear his throat after he burped." Then she imitated him. "He sounded like a car stuck in neutral."
"My wife cracks her knuckles at the most inappropriate times. She did it in church while she was nursing the baby. Once she cracked them while I was making love to her. It scared me. I thought I broke something."
"My husband would tell me the worst jokes and then get violent if I didn't laugh at them."
"My wife used to have a sense of humor, but since we've fallen on bad times, she's lost a bit of it."
"My husband got very moody every day of the last year he was alive."
"Would he just stare at you as if you were to blame?"
"Sí."
"My wife does it, too." He stared out into the night in front of him. "But I still miss her."
Connie looked at the drink in her hand. "I think the liquor is getting to me. Whenever I get drunk, I feel the urge to talk to him so bad."
Rodolpho felt freer with another swallow of bourbon. "You're the first person I've been able to talk to about my wife."
She looked at his face and patted his hand like a sympathetic partner. "You're one of a kind, too." Then she kissed his cheek.
He watched her slightly contort her features and make the same expression his wife would make after kissing his cheek. Connie caught him staring at her and tried to ignore his eyes. But a shine, a small reflection in them fascinated her and she found herself staring back. She didn't notice that he was moving toward her until he came too close. She wanted to back away, but she saw Rodolpho's mouth open to meet hers. She accepted him once quickly. She backed her face away from his lips and evaluated the kiss, then kissed him again. Connie let her glass spill as Rodolpho leaned her back. Rodolpho's mind exploded with recycled dreams as he seemed to be holding his wife in his arms.
The opening door broke their concentration. They pushed each other away and looked at the intruder.
A man from the factory was standing silhouetted in the red and blue lights of the party behind him. "Come on, Rodolpho," he said in Spanish. "We're going to toast you again."
The man went back inside, leaving the door open. Rodolpho looked under his chest to see Connie trying to squirm out. When he let her go, and looked for his glass, he noticed that she was waiting for him with a smile and an outstretched hand. He accepted the hand and they went inside together.
"Y qué te viva Rodolpho Marcias!" Rodolpho heard a gravelly voice bellow. The people from the factory followed the voice with the answer, "Viva!"
Long blonde boppers raised their glasses out of synch with the others and shouted to salute too. It seemed so ethnic they shouted jubilantly to feel involved and to say they did.
"Rodolpho!" a man was shouting. "May you never have another bad day as long as you live!"
Rodolpho drank to that and felt Connie place herself under his arm.
College Chicanos shouted in loud voices, "Víva la raza!"
"Víva la raza," came the answer.
"Y víva la causa!"
Víva!
"Y qué te víva Zapata!"
"No!" answered Octavio. "Víva Rodolpho!"
Everyone laughed in agreement and drank to the man.
A transferred USC coed from Minnesota was clutching her transferred USC fiancé from Oklahoma. "What's happening, Steve?" she asked in a quivering voice. "Are they gonna riot?"
"Seems like it, Cathy Jean."
A dark man was raising his glass to follow the cheers while his girlfriend tried to pull him down. When he won the struggle, he asked everyone wryly, "What about the black man?"
The English speaking people said righteous "heys" and "yeahs." Some black girls hooted.
A studious looking man took the pipe from his mouth and asked jokingly, "What about the good old-fashioned Wasp?"
"Here's to Twinkies," a Chicano shouted.
While the others laughed, another toast mocked a California Anglo's accent. "An' here's t' surfin', maaan."
"Now what about the British?" the pipe-smoker said. "And next the Slavs, the Poles, the Jews, the Orientals, the Egyptians, the Greeks, the Hindus and Hessians! No, better yet, let's start off with a half-Black, half-Oriental Indian who's gay and loves to wear sombreros and eat tacos."
A Chicano who had the magnetism to collect the entourage of Chicano students around him answered the pipe-smoker. "What's your problem, man?"
Taken aback that anyone would dare answer him, the pipe-smoker hesitated at first. "Nothing," he finally said. "My arm just gets a little tired saluting the flag of every ethnic group in the country."
The Chicano sat back in his chair. "That's because you've had a head start saluting your own goddamn flag before we started saluting ours. Give us time to get our arms tired, too."
Heads nodded. All but one of the Chicano's entourage felt the obligation to applaud a little and mutter righteous words of support and obligatory hoots. The exception was Bobby Peña, who was new in following the entourage and was merely watching everyone around him and coming to conclusions.
The pipe-smoker opened his mouth to retort, but the Chicano raised his hands as if he did not want to discuss the topic any further.
By now, some of the Mexicans from the factory had turned their attentions to dancing, eating and singing. Other Mexicans from the factory were having the Chicano's comment translated to them and were laughing about it.
Octavio was one of those who were most impressed with the young man. He walked to Rodolpho and nudged his attentions away from Connie. "Did you hear what that Chicano said to that guero, ese?"
Octavio related what had been said and added, "That's the kind of man who's going to bring justice para los Méxicanos."
Connie looked at the Chicano that Octavio was pointing to. "Oh, that's Raphael Camacho."
Rodolpho was unimpressed. "And who's that?"
"Raphael Camacho," Connie repeated. "Don't you know him? Pues, he's a big man with la movimiénto de la raza. Oh, you know, the Chicano causes. He helps los Méxicános y los Chicanos when they're not being treated right."
"Really?"
"That's how I understand it."
She saw his mind work through the expression on his face. "Would you like to meet him?" she asked.
Rodolpho nodded. Connie took his hand and led him to Camacho. Camacho didn't hesitate. He rose from his chair and repeated Rodolpho's name in a cognac breath. His arms raised and wrapped around the man.
"Rodolpho Marcias!" Camacho said. "So you're the one this party is for."
Rodolpho smiled and shook his hand.
Camacho added, "Your methods are unorthodox, señor, but as yet I can't come up with a better way to deal with traitors of la raza."
Raphael sat down in his chair again, pulling Rodolpho with him to sit on the floor. He leaned forward in his chair in awe of the man. He rubbed his hands together in a nervous eagerness to know more about this hero.
"What do you plan to do now, Señor Marcias? Are you going to gather people together to be your soldiers against oppression?"
Rodolpho smiled, sensing he was being flattered. "No,  joven. I want to know more about yourself, your organization."
Camacho leaned back, visualizing this meeting being mentioned in history books one day, like the famous visit Emiliano Zapata paid to Pancho Villa.
"Pues, señor, I suppose you might say I'm working for reform. I want to see los Méxicános  y los Chicanos being treated with more dignity than they're being treated with now."
"And how are you doing it?"
"Pues, with marches, compadre. Marches and petitions and rallies and boycotts."
His girlfriend interjected, "He met the governor once."
"Sí," Camacho added. "About the unemployment problem among la raza. But the governor is a rich guero, and since election time is two years away, he wasn't interested in helping us out yet."
"So what did you do then?" Rodolpho asked.
"We picketed a movie theater in Westwood. They were showing a movie about the Chicanos in the barrios shooting each other. It's something that the gringo moviemakers are doing nowadays. They say they're trying to make understanding movies about Chicanos and they show us just killing each other. I call it Mex-ploitation."
"That's a good word," a voice from the entourage said.
Bobby Peña's eyes studied Camacho.
Rodolpho interrupted. "I mean about the unemployed. What did you do about them?"
"Oh, them?" He tried to remember and failed. So he called a friend that was six bodies away. "Hey, Joe! What happened to that unemployment shit we saw the governor about?"
Joe answered, "I don't know. I think Chulo's got it. Hey Chulo!"
"What?"
"What happened to the unemployment gig I gave you?"
"Oh, I got frustrated with that mother. I gave it to Angel." Chulo looked around for Angel. "Angel!"
"Never mind," Camacho shouted. He told Rodolpho in Spanish, "It's being taken care of,  señor. Why? Are you out of work?"
"No. I've still got my job."
"Good," Camacho said. "I hope you realize that you're one of the lucky ones." There was a pause, and Camacho changed the subject. "And then I was one of the people who tried to change part of the curriculum for Chicano students in five high schools. Would you believe they wouldn't let the Chicanos study about their heritage? So I organized a student walk-out and the school gave in."
Rodolpho was impressed. "You must be an outstanding leader."
"No, señor. I think, as a catalyst, my organization and I have to think of other methods to prove we mean business. This semester three out of those five schools threw the Chicano Studies course out of their programs."
Bobby Peña said in English, "They didn't throw them out, Ralph. Nobody signed up."
One of the girls near Bobby said, "Shutup! Ralph knows more than you."
Camacho snapped. "Who told you they didn't sign up?"
"I saw the sign-up sheets. I went and talked to the counselors. They offered the kids the classes, but nobody wanted them."
"I can't believe nobody wanted them."
"You have to remember, Ralph, that the schools are in a low academic-level district. Some of these kids aren't inspired to read a comic book, let alone a textbook. We should concentrate on that."
Camacho's eyes were on his glass. "The racists in the school system probably burned the real list and showed you a blank one."
Bobby laughed a bit. "You're not serious." When Camacho would not answer, Bobby asked, "Are you?"
Camacho was becoming annoyed at Bobby's constant contradictions in front of the entourage. Raphael believed himself to be an authority on the white man's racism from incidents he had experienced and observed during his twenty-seven years.
"And I also help set up new day-care centers in the barrio," he told Rodolpho, as if the conversation had never been broken.
As Camacho went on about his theories and achievements, Rodolpho looked at him with a kindled assurance. Camacho, he thought, was an example that there were people in the United States who earnestly wanted to help the Méxicano.
He leaned forward and placed a hand on the young man's shoulder. "Joven, I like you. I respect the way you speak your words. You should be able to help all los immigrádos!"
Camacho played a concerned look on his face while massaging his girlfriend's shoulder. "Oh, sí. I know a lot about the immigration problem. I personally think it's treason what la mígra does to defenseless ‘people of the sun’ to uphold racism in this country."
As Bobby Peña listened, he winced at Camacho's rhetorical political speech.
"You could be the chief figure in the struggle," Camacho told Rodolpho. "You could be the symbol of all oppressed illegals. You could be like Chavez-Ortiz "
"Who?"
"Ricardo Chavez-Ortiz. Don't you know him? He was the one who hijacked a plane to bring attention to the Chicano struggle. You could be like him. An outspoken figure. A martyr."
"No," Rodolpho said. "I'm not a leader of people. People like me need someone like you to talk for them."
Camacho displayed a toothy grin. "Even so, señor, your simple act of heroism makes you a symbol that could give people strength. We all could use that." Rodolpho only stared at him saying nothing, so Camacho added, "I, myself, would be proud to stand next to a person who symbolizes bravery in the Mexicáno."
Rodolpho's eyes came to life for a split second. "Are you saying that you'll take part if I do something?"
 Camacho turned to his girlfriend to watch her admiring him. "Pues, I suppose so. Maybe you can make petitions for people to sign." Then he said in English, "Say, something like, ‘The Chicano community will not tolerate further racist and unlawful arrests of its people by a white-racist government controlled militia.'"
Rodolpho was unable to decipher the English and tapped Camacho's shoulder. "What? What are you going to say?"
"The truth, compádre. The truth."
Bobby spoke out again with a smirk accenting his remark. "What are you being so drastic for?" he asked in English. "All you have to say is that the arrests of the illegals are wrong, state your reasons and kick in a bit about getting the coyótes' asses for ripping the people off."
"You're new, Bobby," Camacho told him.. "I've been at this longer than you have."
"Big deal. Maybe you haven't done it long enough to know this guy needs help."
"Que 'stas  hablando?" Rodolpho kept asking. "What're you saying?"
"Look," Camacho told Bobby. "Maybe you think you can do it better?"
"I don't know."
Camacho then looked at Rodolpho, who was asking for translation. He pointed to Bobby and told Rodolpho, "This man wants to help you with your campaign."
"No!" Rodolpho was adamant. "I want you! You seem to know what you're doing."
Camacho gestured to indicate the topic was closed. Bobby only shook his head.
Raphael’s girlfriend was resting her head on his shoulder and yawning. After checking his watch, she pulled his sleeve slightly and whined, "Come on, Ralph. Let's go."
When Camacho checked his watch, his eyes looked surprised that the night had passed so quickly and he excused himself. "I have a meeting to go to early in the morning."
"About the illegals?" Rodolpho asked.
"No," Camacho answered. "It's at a television network that has the most racist attitude toward Latinos in this country. They run shows that deny the fact that every man is a brother. They don't want to believe it. They're very much against el Mexicáno, señor.”
"Pues, what are they doing?"
"They're presenting a comedy show about a family of Chicanos that are lazy and stupid and supposedly inferior to the white race. And, to top it off, the whole family is played by a stupid Cuban and three ignorant Puerto Ricans. Can you believe that?"
Bobby swallowed more of his wine and debated whether to say anything. "If you say we're all brothers," he eventually said, "why are you against the Cubans and the Puerto Ricans?"
"I'm not against them, really. But, man, they sure as hell hate Chicanos."
Bobby turned to the entourage to see if anyone was as bemused at Camacho's thinking as he was. No one showed a reaction of any kind. It was as if they did not see the ambiguity of Camacho's thinking or had no desire to think for themselves. In fact, Bobby was the one who was looked upon with annoyance. Seeing this, Bobby shook his head and muttered.
Camacho took Rodolpho's hand and maneuvered it into various strange positions. He told the man, "I’ll be thinking about you, señor. We'll see what we can do."
Rodolpho grabbed Camacho's hand with both of his own and shook it firmly. "I'm taking that as your signature, joven. What'll we do first?"
Camacho's girlfriend was now pulling him away in a playful mood. Raphael could only talk louder as he stumbled away. "Talk with me tomorrow," he said. He took a card from his pocket and tossed it. "Here's my number. Call me."
The card floated in a somersault to the floor and then passed hands to Rodolpho.
Camacho's entourage had now divided themselves and joined the party. When they saw him leave, they invited him to stay longer. But before his girlfriend pulled him one last time through the front door, he shouted back to them, "I can't. It's almost three o'clock in the morning."
People suddenly noticed their watches, remembered their jobs and schools and prepared themselves to leave. New friends who had come together were vowing to call each other for other parties or weekend dates. Paper cups were placed on the floor to be picked up by the thirsty. Coats and kisses were fitted by old friends in private. And the last of the funniest jokes and quips were tossed like confetti.
The newly-liberated people from the factory congregated outside and tried to figure out who had come with whom and how they were going to get back if the driver who had delivered them lived in the opposite direction.
Octavio and Orosco tried to drag Rodolpho outside. But when the three passed Connie, Rodolpho stood firm and refused to be moved. He jerked his arms out of their hands and walked Connie to a quiet corner.
He enjoyed being this close to a woman again, and he smiled like a little boy. "I enjoyed myself at this party," he said to her.
"I enjoyed having you. I wish we had more time."
Rodolpho was reaching for a topic to stick to so that he would not have to leave her. But Connie wasn't concentrating on what he was saying. The end of any party always depressed her because she knew the next one would be too far into the future.
"I want to stay," he told her.
Her depression was put aside. In the midst of a compliment, she put her head on his breast and slid her fingers over a lump in his shirt that was his nipple. She looked up again with hope. "I'd like you to stay."
Octavio, who was watching the two, whispered loudly in Rodolpho's ear, "Stay with her!"
Rodolpho looked at him and smiled, unsure of what to do.
"Are you worried about working tomorrow? Forget it. That Orosco guy works close to the red-haired man. He can take your card and punch it in for you and check off your name on the list."
As Rodolpho was thinking it over, Orosco passed by looking for his comb. Octavio explained Rodolpho's situation and Orosco was delighted. "Sure," he told Rodolpho. "Pero, do it for just two days or the man will notice you're gone."
Connie said, "Thank you," as she swept both men out the door. She kept a hostess' eye on the people in the street and made sure that everyone had a car to ride home in and a driver who could see a clear road. Rodolpho kept close to her, slapping his hand unintentionally hard on her hip and feeling its roundness.
After she saw the last car drive away, she closed the door slowly enough to keep her suspense alive. She stood and waited for Rodolpho as he tried to decide what to kiss first. Her shoulder caught his eye. He pressed his mouth onto it and poked it with his tongue. He moved toward her ear and his hands slid to her breasts. Her hair tickled his face. His hands seemed to explore the smallness of her waist, the straight, hard stomach and, again, her breasts. He began to compare her with his woman back home, who was flabby, small-breasted, and who had never smelled as sweet as this sensuous woman.
Connie led him into the bedroom. They let their bodies fall to the bed one after the other. He began to kiss her throat and move toward her mouth. She was feeling for his zipper to grab his hardened bulge. He gently made her eyelids veil her vision and kissed them. She fondled his thick cock. Lifted it upward as her fingers slowly slid beneath it. He untied her blouse, unzipped her pants, slid off her silk. He turned her over on the bed so that he would be on top. As he face dove to press his mouth on her her body, he closed his eyes and imagined himself with his woman as she was imagining herself with her late man.
CHAPTER ELEVEN
Gabriél awoke from a rambling dream that was making little sense. The voices of the people he had been talking to in the dream were still speaking in phrases and rhymes. He gazed at the darkness in front of him and listened to them fade, leaving him to chant them over and over again.
When he realized he was babbling, he stopped and lay his head still on his pillow and stared at the ceiling above him. He felt the mattress under him and turned his body to its side.
He concerned himself with time. If the hour wasn't too late, he could go to a bar and get a beer. Perhaps he could go to the movie house where they were showing a Cantínflas double-feature. He felt his empty stomach and thought about buying a big dinner. But when Gabriél looked at the face of his clock, the fluorescent hands pointed to the fourth hour of Tuesday morning.
Gabriél closed his eyes at his disappointment. When he had come home, the apartment had looked as lifeless as when he had first seen it. Without Rodolpho to help him survive the boredom, he had begun to pace the room, thinking of things to do alone. Nothing came to mind except to fantasize about the "someday" he would spend with Inez.
When that was done, long glances at open-legged, naked girls in skin magazines kept his eyes busy. Finally, crossword puzzles in Spanish language newspapers occupied his mind. When he tired of these activities, he felt himself sleepy and suggested to his reflection in the mirror that he take a small nap. He closed his eyes, and tumbled into complicated thoughts which his mind wove into dreams.
Now he counted on his fingers the hours he had wasted on sleep. He quietly assured himself that he must have been very tired to sleep eight hours. He tried to fall asleep again, but the loud ticking noise of the clock kept him from tumbling back into dreams. He could only lie on the bed and talk with himself, sing songs that he could remember, and take a closer look at the skin magazines until it was time to go to work.
The hours he had for work were spent earnestly concentrating on the rhythmic flow of chores. Time raced by. And when it was time for lunch, he strolled behind Inez, who was picking up scraps of fabric and stuffing them into her purse. He bent to help her, trying to think of something to say.
"I notice that you're always picking up this stuff," he finally said. "Why?"
"My sister and I make doll clothes."
"You look too old to be playing with dolls," he said smiling.
"No, sonso," she answered, annoyed. "We sell them to a group of old women on Olvera Street who make dolls. I need the extra money for college."
Gabriél was impressed. "You go to college?"
"I was," Inez said. "That's why I'm here. – Books cost money."
"Oh," was all he could think of to say. He nodded as an attempt to fill in the pause and then made comments that he thought might spark another conversation. He made jokes that she took seriously. But she enjoyed his attempt to win her good graces. It had been a long time since someone had been so earnest. So, she invited him to eat lunch with her.
They walked out into the corridor and sat on the floor next to the soft drink machine. She gave him half a cheese sandwich and three Oreos, and they ate their food between intermittent small talk.
"So what do you do in college?" Gabriél finally asked.
"I'm going to finish my studies in art," Inez said.
"You draw and paint?"
"And sometimes I do sculptures. But I have to be in the right mood for that."
Gabriél was enchanted. "Could you draw me?"
Inez estimated the uncomplicated features of his face. "Actually, you wouldn't be hard to draw. You have sharp features, almost perfect."
She saw him look at her intensely and realized she had complimented him. She was embarrassed a bit, but was glad now that she had mentioned how she felt.
"Which do you like to do best?" he asked her. "Drawing or painting?"
"Oh," she sighed. "Painting. I want to paint the whole world. I want to paint in a style that no one realizes can come from a woman."
She waited for a small joke or a snide comment. When none came, she almost felt she had made a new friend.
Gabriél said, "I like paintings of seashores and children with big eyes."
"On velvet," Inez sarcastically added.
When Gabriél nodded, Inez winced, ready to insult his intelligence. But she reconsidered and forgave him.
"My ideas," she said, "have to do with real people. I want to do a series of paintings about the Chicana and what she has to deal with. The topics are being done now, but they're too romantic. I want to be the first Chicana to be a realist. I want to inject my politics into my work so that I can transform radically into expresionísmo and surrealísmo. Right now I'm just discovering De Kooning. I absolutely love De Kooning. Do you know him?"
"Who? I'm not following you."
"De Kooning. – Willem De Kooning."
"No,” Gabriél said. "I'm still thinking about expresionísmo. I don't know what that means, or that other word."
Inez was not disappointed in him. She did not expect him to have any knowledge of art at all. She was only sad that he would not understand the rest that she had to say.
There was a pause for a small moment, and Gabriél felt it was time to confess what he wanted for his life. In a sudden move, he slapped his legs and said with a flippant sigh, "I want to be rich!"
Inez threw out a laugh. "Pues, at least you're honest about it. Most men would have lied and said that all they want is to make enough money to get by."
"Who wants to be like those men?" Gabriél huffed. "I really do want to be rich. It's so important to me that I can't hide it. - I want to be the one everyone looks up to. I'm not like all the others who've come over here and failed at becoming rich. I'm different. That sounds conceited, but. . ." He shrugged to finish his sentence.
There was a silence for another moment as each savored their dreams before storing them away. Then Inez asked Gabriél, "When you're a millionaire, will you buy my paintings?"
He could only smile to hide the embarrassment he was feeling for divulging his dreams to a stranger.
Until the five o'clock whistle blew, Gabriél worked and thought about Inez. He only had to glance to see her at her sewing machine and make himself happy. He was a romantic, and being easily inspired, he played with his predictions of his future with her.
He helped her pick up the scraps of fabric she had tossed on the floor that afternoon. He made more small talk with her as she smiled at him, enjoying what she thought were jokes to make her laugh.
Gabriél kept score of the times she was flirting with him and finally felt that he had won part of her heart. He eased himself alongside her as she walked to the bus stop. He kept the conversation going even as the bus arrived and he went inside with her.
Inez was now getting an uncomfortable feeling. She wanted to be alone now. The bus rides to and from work were her only times to think creatively and Gabriel was keeping her from her thoughts.
When they stepped off the bus, Inez stopped and looked into Gabriél's eyes. She thanked him for riding with her and told him that she had to walk alone. Her father was a very strict man and attacked her with questions about every new young man he saw her with. She was too tired to answer anything tonight.
Gabriél still asked her if she would go out with him that evening. When she said no, he playfully took her hand and asked again. Inez was paranoid at the thought of a stranger holding her hand and pulled it away. Then she saw his smile wilt and felt sorry for him.
"I like you, Gabriél," she said with an effort to cushion her next words. His face brightened again. "But I don't want to go out with you right away."
"When then?" he asked, without realizing how eager he sounded.
"I don't know," she said as she backed away "Maybe soon."
Gabriél began to walk backwards, too. He said goodbye to her and turned his back quickly to avoid seeing her walking away from him. He wasn't looking forward to being alone again that night.
Gabriél entered the apartment and called out Rodolpho's name. He looked hopefully inside the closed bathroom, but no one was there. When the disappointment hit him, his shoulders slumped and his mind wandered to other things. He walked to the window and let his eyes scan indiscriminately the people on the street below. He then moved lazily to his bed and let his body fall on the mattress. Grabbing the top magazine from the pile beside the bed, he thumbed through the same pictures of loose-breasted sex maidens he had seen before. An extra word was added to a crossword puzzle. An article about the wrestling champion of México was re-read in another magazine. He also practiced his handwriting technique on mail-order ads and several pages of newspaper.
Within an hour he became sleepy but did not want to close his eyes. The weary-eyed tears were wiped away and the yawns were suppressed. His thoughts were eagerly forming ideas on how the evening should be spent. Holding the ideas in his mind and working with them, categorizing them, creating fantasies around them, he showered and dressed himself in cleaner clothes. He walked downstairs to the streets and turned north, anticipating that a movie-like adventure would come and envelope him.
His steps carried him into the heart of the downtown area where window shopping only added more dreams to his vast collection. He spent time in the Greyhound bus station, playing games in the small arcade.
When he tired of shooting tiny animals and landing computerized space modules, he walked out of the station through the adjoining Sav-On and strolled westward on 6th Street. His eyes watched his feet as he walked up a hill for a block. Three black men stood by a stairwell making fun of the passersby while another with a brush in his hand asked Gabriél if he wanted a shine.
When he reached Main Street, he walked north again just to feel himself going in another direction. Gabriél walked a short distance before he looked up. When he did, he discovered the porno dens.
He let himself float in with the other men who browsed among the magazines on the shelf. Gabriél selected various ones and placed them back in unexcited boredom, only glancing at the glossy photographs of entwined partners reaching for or at the peak of ecstasy. He wandered through the darkened backroom halls and spent dimes and quarters on peep show machines. This interested him. With the other lonelies, he patronized every projector and began to marvel at the kinky shows: the spanking, the wrestling, the lesbians, the homos and the gang-bangs. He toured four shops and one of the three theaters, then walked away from the skin-dream comfortably satisfied, as though he had spent seven coital days and nights with Inez.
He looked into more windows and glanced at people passing by. He kept turning street corners and, in time, found himself in Pershing Square seated on a bench. No sooner had he sat down than a parade of downtown's typicals commenced to entertain him.
Gabriél was bothered by winos who spoke little Spanish, but enough to ask for money. He had to shake his head and motion that he had none while the winos mumbled and ranted their life stories. A trio of gang girls stopped nearby to talk about a fight they were going to have with three rivals. Their barrio Spanish was loud enough for Gabriél to understand the gist, but he was interrupted by a pink-faced, gray suited businessman who sat next to him and placed his hand on Gabriél's knee. Gabriél pushed the hand away and moved to the other side of the bench. The businessman said, "How about my place right now, boy?" And when Gabriél motioned he didn't understand, the man repeated himself in perfect Spanish. As the man moved closer to him, a thin effeminate boy walked to the bench and introduced himself to the man as if he were expected. The man looked at the boy, then at Gabriél, and realized he had made a mistake. The man apologized and walked away with his arm around the boy.
As Gabriél sat on the bench massaging his feet, his eyes wandered to women and girls who were under the arms of their men. He saw teenagers singing together on the corner and laughing at each other's wisecracks.
He was getting to the point of the evening where he wanted the companionship of a friendly anyone. He wanted to laugh once tonight with an agreeable somebody who knew how to keep a conversation alive. He wanted to hear lies about conquests and trivialities about life.
He roamed for hours more, concentrating on his dreams. At times he would enter a bar and order a beer, then be shown the door because he looked too young. The only bar that did not was a crowded establishment filled with singles over thirty.
They treated him as a novelty. Inebriated men with graying temples befriended him and called him their "little amigo." Pretty women summoned him with winks. Some yanked at his belt and propositioned him softly. When it was learned he could not speak English, he was immediately ignored by the ladies. But men bought him beers and he drank until the first hour of morning. The men and women drove home to beds amid kisses and four-letter words while Gabriél walked home, feeling alone.
The next day Gabriél played flirtation games with Inez. At lunch he tried harder to make her laugh. At five, he walked closely by her side and placed his arm around her while they rode the bus. When he followed her off the bus, he kissed her quickly before she could bid him goodbye. She gave a bad impression of being annoyed so Gabriél kissed her again, which she accepted without protest.
When Gabriél asked her out, Inez still said no, but hinted that he could ask her tomorrow.
As Inez backed away, Gabriél accepted the dismissal and bowed like a movie-gentleman.
Still, Gabriél was sadder than the day before. He knew he had to exist through another evening in boredom. His depression was a prison.
CHAPTER TWELVE
The sun arose behind the dirty white houses in southeast Los Angeles. The sky turned reddish yellow and spread itself out evenly. The smell of the nearby factories had not yet soured the sweet fragrance of the warming morning air. Heavy traffic could be heard only in the distance, because teenagers had not yet begun to joust in cholo-mobiles on the residential roads.
Rodolfo and Connie were now in their second day of marathon sex. By this time even the tiniest affections had worn thin and were temporarily forgotten. All that mattered was the stamina and the consistancy of quality and how often the sessions: the basics that matter most to sexual athletes bettering their own records than to involved lovers.
Rodolpho counted the times Connie moaned the same words and how many times she mentioned what her husband did at moments like this. He even counted the times his own mind wandered to thoughts of his wife and how he missed her habitual answers to his moves.
By eight o'clock that morning they had finished a slow hour’s session and had fallen asleep under kisses and promises that whoever woke first would grope the other awake. At twelve-thirty Rodolpho awoke, but he reached for the telephone instead.
Intermittently between his sessions with Connie he had tried to reach Raphael Camacho by phone to check about the campaign to help the people from México. The number the Chicano had given him was to the headquarters of the action committee, CALMA (Chicano Acciónnes para La Movimiento de Aztlán). It was a headquarters Camacho seldom visited, it seemed. When Rodolpho called, the not-to-be bothered receptionist would curtly say that Camacho was at a CALMA meeting, she would say he had gone to protest a UCLA Economics professor who had called a Latino Democratic Assemblyman a bandido, or that he was at NBC studios to lead arguments against a new "racist" comedy series. Camacho had even found the time to arrange a conference with the seventeen-year-old editor of a high school newspaper. His reason was to register a complaint to the Anglo boy about a cartoon drawn in an ad for Timmy's Taco Take-Out.
Now, with a deliberate prayer to God, Rodolpho made the call again. The other end rang four times before someone answered. It was not the voice of the receptionist.
When Rodolpho asked for Raphael, the voice said he was sorry but he had just missed him. Were there any messages? When Rodolpho told the voice the reason for the call, the voice responded as if he knew Rodolpho and complimented him on wanting to devote his time to such a cause.
The voice identified itself as Bobby Peña. Rodolpho remembered him as the dissident in Camacho's entourage. He informed Bobby of certain ideas that were on his mind, but Bobby asked Rodolpho to hold off on any plans until he talked to Camacho. He repeated the excuse that Camacho was very busy with other important matters, knowing it was not true. In fact, CALMA was beginning to look like a farce in Bobby's eyes.
Rodolpho allowed himself to be put off again; although this time Bobby gave his word Camacho would call him back.
When Rodolpho said goodbye, Connie turned on her pillow and looked at him. She knew how many times Rodolpho had called. He reminded her of the story of' the puppy who waited for its absent master, who would never return.
"Why do you call Raphael so often?" she asked him. "He's probably ignoring you."
He looked at her as he placed his head on his pillow. "No, Camacho wouldn't do that. He was the one who talked me into fighting. He's just a busy man, that's all."
Connie rubbed her stomach as it began to rumble. "I'm hungry," she said, "are you?"
"Now that you mention it. . ."
He watched her as she threw off her blankets and slid off the bed. He imagined her as a girl he had made love to when he was eighteen. He watched her breasts as they hung from her body when she leaned over, and smiled as he admired her rounded nude buttocks.
She was imagining herself as a girl of sixteen again when she saw her reflection in the mirror. She picked up her robe and draped it dramatically over her shoulders, hoping Rodolpho was watching her with the same contentment with which her late husband had watched her.
Rodolpho placed his hands behind his head and stared as she walked away, realizing he was in a fantasy situation. But to hide his fondness for the moment, he began to talk of other things.
He told her about his plans to be a leader. As he dressed, he told her about the meetings he would have with the presidents of México and the United States. He anticipated their questions and pontificated. He would lead marches and appear on television and maybe be called a great hero. These were all dreams, of course, he told her.
He walked to the kitchen to see if Connie was listening to him. Seeing that she was much more concerned with her fry pan, he stopped talking and sat at the table.
Connie hugged his neck after she placed the plate of eggs on the table. "This is the way my husband always liked them," she told him.
Rodolpho laughed. How many times had she mentioned her husband now? 
As she sat down across from him, she said, "You know, you're the only man I dare say this to. I enjoy your company. I want you to know that. You're the only man I've ever really enjoyed sleeping with."
She ate her eggs steadily, hoping that her flattery had sweetened the food on his plate. She looked across the table and was not surprised when she saw a resemblance to her late husband. It was a faint one - a look in the eye for a split second - but the resemblance was there. If he stayed longer, sweet memories could be lived again.


At CALMA headquarters, Raphael  Camacho walked behind the receptionist's desk to flirt with the girl and make trivial gossip. Bobby heard his voice as he was typing a form letter to volunteers.
When the two saw each other, Camacho switched his tongue to pretentious Spanish that seemed rehearsed and performed too many times. Bobby caught himself acting in kind and stopped immediately to tell him about Rodolpho's call.
At first, Camacho had forgotten Rodolpho and the campaign he had talked to him about. Shaking away the confusion, he asked Bobby for Rodolpho's number.
Rodolpho was sitting on the couch listening to Connie translate Bob Hope's dialogue from a movie they were watching on television. When the phone rang, she cut herself short to answer it.
She told Rodolpho who it was. Rodolpho walked to the phone. In his eagerness to get his plans started, he was direct. "Are you having any problems with the campaign?" he asked Camacho.
Raphael looked at the shine of his shoes as he tried to make excuses. "Pues, sabes que, señor? I've worked a little bit on it. I've contacted someone who can help me get to the governor again."
Rodolpho was impressed. "The governor? Qué suáve. That'll help speed the laws."
"Wait, señor, let me finish. I couldn't get the appointment."
"Why?"
"Pues, the governor, you understand, is a rich guero. When he wanted the office, he couldn't do enough to please los Mexicános, entiendes? Pero, now that he's in, he's suddenly too busy to see us. So I suppose that's that, eh? Qué gacho, eh?"
But Rodolpho did not want to give up. "Then we'll just have to get the governor's attention another way, joven. We can use your ideas for petitions. We can use those protest marchers. I have ideas on what we can paint on their signs."
Camacho tried to break through. "Wait a minute señor. I'm sorry, but I have other commitments I can't get away from."
Rodolpho tried to inject another idea before Camacho could say more. But Camacho still said no.
His commitments were too important, he said. "Let me tell you about the television station, for one," he told Rodolpho. "They're refusing to comply with our demands. They still want to make jokes about our Aztec heritage. And they still insist on using outsiders to portray Mexicános."
Bobby stopped typing as he heard Camacho explain. When he could take no more of it, he leaned back in his chair and said a loud "Oh, shit!" in disgust. "Since when are the Cubans and Puerto Ricans outsiders?" he asked Camacho.
On the other end, Rodolpho was trying hard to keep his hero dignity. "Joven, is a television show more important than people's lives?"
"Pues, señor. I'm sorry, but I have to go. Why don't you work on your ideas. After all our present matters are solved, we'll get to yours."
Bobby shook his head.
Camacho kept the phone to his ear although no one spoke on the other end. "You have this number," he told Rodolpho. "And I have yours. I'll call you when we're ready. Adios!"
Camacho placed the phone on its cradle without hearing an answer. Silently brushing away the dust of guilt that soiled his ego, he thought of Rodolpho's position in life. Probably just a farmhand.
Bobby turned from his typewriter and gave Camacho an annoyed look.
Camacho laughed a little laugh and pointed to the phone. "Ranchéro," he labeled Rodolpho. "He doesn't understand what we're doing here."
Bobby asked him soberly, "What are we doing here Ralph?"
Camacho started to walk out of the room without an answer, but Bobby repeated the question. Raphael looked at him.
Bobby said, "Tell me what the purpose of this organization is." He wanted an answer, so he changed his tone and played the part of the inexperienced apprentice. "I'm new here, you know. I really want you to tell me."
Camacho relaxed and stepped back into the room a bit. "Well," he said, "organizations like this take care of the Chicano community. We want to be on our own tu sábes? We want to be autonomous outside the white man's system of doing things, you know? That's what Aztlán is all about.
"Then why don't you help Marcias? I think those are the things he wants to do."
"I've got other shit to do, man. I've got the show at NBC to take care of."
"That's not important," Bobby said with a sigh. "I mean, arguing whether or not a Puerto Rican plays a Mexican. I don't call that a biting issue."
Camacho leaned against the wall. "You just don't understand."
"That's beginning to be your tag line," Bobby said  assuredly. "I understand very well. You want to stop stupid jokes that people will forget an hour after they hear them. You act like the jokes are going to cause America to come down more on Mexicans. But, to me what you're doing sounds like an old lady complaining about varicose veins."
Camacho did not feel the need to argue. He dismissed Bobby's arrogance with, "Look, just stick to writing your letters and let me take care of business."
As Camacho was leaving the small room, Bobby answered, "I think it would be better if you just admit you can’t organize something this big."
Camacho stopped and turned slowly, angrily.
Bobby kept on. "From what I've seen, this organization could be a hell of a lot better. It could be different from any other."
"It is different!"
"It isn't. It's frantic and unorganized. It thinks small. It acts small. It's like all the rest!"
Now Camacho took on a childish, kiss-my-ass attitude. "Well, hey, listen. If you don't like it here, there's the door."
In mid-sentence, Bobby had already grabbed his jacket. "I know where the door is. I've had my eye on it all day!"
Bobby walked out of the headquarters. Everyone heard the argument and saw him leave. They understood that CALMA was not the type of organization that tolerated rowdy, independent thinkers. They stood firmly behind the philosophy that la raza had to work within the Aztlán system. They were willing to change only if Camacho declared otherwise.


There had been nothing for Rodolpho to say when Camacho had refused to help. Rodolpho was not going to plead with him. The best and only thing to do was to let the man say goodbye and walk away from his broken promises.
He placed the phone in its cradle. There was nothing to do but work for his salary and hope that no other problems would arise and bloom dangerously.
"What did he say?" Connie kept asking. "What's going to happen?"
"Nothing," he told her. "He says he's too busy."
He walked into the living room to watch television as his anger swelled.
Connie sat beside him, easing herself into his favor. "You're smart, Rodolpho. You don't need Raphael's help."
Rodolpho said in a whisper, "But I do." Then, in a louder voice, "Ese joven has a lot of ties with important people, no? I don't know anybody. I'm nobody. Who would listen to me?"
Connie tried to comfort him. She slid her hand over his troubled face and held his chin on her fingers. "Forget all about this now," she told him. "Listen to me. I know. Think about something else and a solution will stare you in the face later. Let's go to bed again."
Rodolpho kissed her lips out of reflex. "Not now. I'm not in the mood."
She leaned closer to him, then knelt behind him on the couch and massaged his shoulders. He asked what she was doing.
"Massage. It used to put my husband in the mood to relax and make love."
"How could he do both?"
"To him, making love was very relaxing. You should try to think of it that way."
Rodolpho shook his head. "No. Making love is exercise for me."
"It worked for my husband."
Rodolpho exploded. "Chinga tu esposo, mujer! I don't care about your husband. I don't want to hear about your husband. Stop mentioning him to me. You don't hear me talking about my wife over and over, do you?"
Connie was frozen. She could only apologize. "I'm sorry. I didn't know I was talking about him so much." 
"You go on and on and on."
"I said I was sorry," she screamed. "What more do you want?"
Rodolpho did not answer her. He walked to the porch to breathe the late afternoon air. He felt that his disappointment in Camacho should not be a thing that mattered, that he could do fine without him.
Connie walked onto the porch. Placing a hand on his arm, she promised she would not talk about her husband anymore. Guilt nudged Rodolpho when he heard her pain quiver in her voice. "No," he told her. "I was just angry."
"No, you're right," she told him. "I talk too much about him. I know this. And I do say things over and over and over."
"And over," he finished.
"And over," she laughed. "But, you know, you are the only one I've met who I can talk to about him in complete sentences. I mean, you're a good listener."
He turned his face away to look at a passing car. She made her eyes follow his direction. "I can be a good listener too, Rodolpho," she added. "Go ahead. Tell me about your wife."
He laughed a little. "There's not much to tell about her. She's just a woman."
"You married 'just a woman?' "
He tilted his head to indicate he had a second thought. "Well, a pretty woman, a compassionate woman. And, now don't misunderstand me, making love to you is fun, but I miss my wife."
She smiled at him. "I was right about you."
"What?"
"Monday night," she explained, "when we talked here on the porch, I knew about you. I saw you were a man with a soul. He is forgiving, I said. And he is a romantic."
He chuckled. "Romantic?"
"No, no," she protested. "Don't make fun. Romance in a man is a good thing. It makes him more masculine than if he killed ten men with his bare fists. My hus-"
"You're husband was the same way," he said for her.
She grinned, embarrassed now. "Sí. The same."
He laughed at her and kissed her cheek. While he held her close to him he examined the day, the direction and length of the shadows, the position of the sun.
"What do you suppose the time is," he asked. "Four?"
"Sí. Por qué?"
"Then I have to be going." 
She looked up quickly. "Why?"
"It's my work. Octavio said two days, remember? Today is the second day.”
"Were you happy here, Rodolpho?"
He kissed her for his answer.
"I'm thinking of asking you to stay longer," she said
"I can't. I'd like to, but I can't."
"I mean to live."
Rodolpho looked surprised, and Connie quickly added, "Not forever, sónso, just until you get tired of me. I'm not saying you can't be true to your wife. You can send her money. But live with me. Sleep with me."
Rodolpho almost giggled at the offer. Instead, he laughed outright at the flattery of it all.
"Why do you laugh?" she asked.
"It's the situation," he said. "You're so different. Special. And you have freedom. You think I'm the same way. I'm laughing at how much you're mistaken. Mira. Two days and nights with you were fine, a privilege. But I still have a responsibility to my family. I'm thirty-six years old and have nothing, my family has nothing. If I stay with you, you'll have nothing."
"But I don't want money. I want you!" She stopped. Took a breath and added, “For a while. Just for a while – you know.”
"I wouldn't be a man if I didn't admit that I want you, too. But I can't stay. I have to attend to one thing at a time."
She coddled his hand and whispered softly, "Pues, do you have to go right now?" And before he could answer, she added, "Come to bed with me."
Connie smiled coquettishly and Rodolpho allowed himself to be led back into the house. Connie closed the door behind them and turned off the television. She pulled down the window shades slowly as if acting out a part in her own esoteric play. When she approached Rodolpho, her breasts danced under her robe. She untied her belt slowly as he watched her. He accepted her into his arms and brought her mouth to his. Her tongue immediately prodded and lured his to enter her mouth to be sucked and tasted. They waltzed each other to the bed and sat down. She slid herself down his body with sensuous kisses until her head reached the opening of his pants. As her tongue teased his muscle, Rodolpho wallowed in her aggression.
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
When Connie drove Rodolpho home, she felt relieved that no tears were on their way.
Rodolpho paused before opening the car door.
"These are the Angelica Apartments," he said. "I’ll be here if you want anything."
To Rodolpho's surprise, Connie said, "You, too. If there's anything I can do. Money or just someone to talk to ..." Then, with a flash in her eye, "Or, if you have any trouble con la mígra, come to my house and hide."
He said thank you but still found himself stalling. He looked over the interior of the car in search of something to say. "Pues, we had fun, no?"
She nodded and gave him a subtle, tight-lipped grin. "I had a good time. I'm just sorry that - "
He kissed her lips. "Never mind," he said. "I know, and I'm sorry too."
He moved closer to her lips. By habit, she accepted him and they kissed a long goodbye. Rodolpho slipped himself out of the car. Connie watched him as he went to the stairs of the building, and she stayed until he climbed out of her sight.
When Rodolpho entered the apartment, Gabriél poked his head out of the bathroom wearing shaving cream on his face.
"Pues, mira quién és!" Gabriél said, his smile glowing under the soap. "Where've you been, señor? What've you been doing?"
"Nothing," was Rodolpho's answer. A natural reflex. "And you?"
"Nothing." He pointed to his white beard. "Do you see this? I'm shaving because there's nothing else to do!" Then Gabriél paused before adding. "Oh, I went out last night."
"And what did you do?"
"I went walking around looking at las Americánas. They're strange ones around here. There are a lot of pretty gringos, too, cómpa’!
"Sí," Rodolpho agreed, with Connie still fresh in his mind. "Yó sabe."
Gabriél continued to speak of the previous night. He also told Rodolpho about the fights he had had the previous two days. Rodolpho half listened. His head nodded to let Gabriél know that he was listening, but his eyes strolled to the window. His mind was concerned for Connie. He stepped slowly to the window, opened the drapes with his finger and scanned the street below for her car, but she had gone.
When Gabriél was finished, Rodolpho asked "Is that true?" and hoped that Gabriél would continue. Rodolpho had nothing to say.
Gabriél returned to his mirror without adding a word. After a few strokes of his razor, he became bored and whistled as his father had done. It was a reminder of home. He tried to think of something to add to the conversation. Without talking, the night's loneliness could be as unbearable as the past two.
Suddenly he remembered something and snapped his fingers. "Two men came to see you today. They looked like they were from the factory."
Rodolpho muttered, "Oh sí?" and nothing more. He was thinking that the visitors were more fans wanting to be his good friends.
When Gabriél finished shaving, he came out of the bathroom drying his face and neck. He saw Rodolpho lying on the bed unfolding and examining the bare body of an eighteen-year-old blonde who was "aspiring to be an IBM technician." As Rodolpho held the magazine, Gabriél mistook his stare for longing. But Rodolpho was only remembering Connie.
Gabriél asked again, "Where were you, Rodolpho?"
Rodolpho folded the girl's body back into the magazine. "I've been with a woman."
"For two days?" Now it was Gabriél who was yearning. "What did you do?"
"Pues, joven, what do you think we did, eh?" He laughed at his own question as he sat up. "I mean, without any exaggeration, joven, what do you think we did?"
"You fucked."
"That's right! Now keep that thought in mind and exaggerate!"
Gabriél laughed. Then, without realizing it, he began to ask the lonely man questions, the hows and wheres and the and-thens. But Rodolpho would only answer in short words. Gabriél felt embarrassed and changed the subject to his own romance.
He told of meeting Inez and described her beauty in his own manner - the manner of infatuation. He described her presence as awesome, the way in which she carried herself as totally feminine. Although she was very young, he said, she was sensual and somehow mature. He told Rodolpho that she was totally different, totally unrelated to the types of girls he had known before.
After this description, he mentioned her hostility toward him when first they had met. But he explained that today she had let him kiss her for the first time, then called him a son of a whore. But she had said it with a slight smile.
When the conversation stalled, cards were brought out. Poker was the game. Hands were dealt and cards were placed in order. Gabriél felt uncomfortable with the silence that had placed them apart once more and again searched his mind for something to say.
"What was the ruckus Monday?" Gabriél had almost forgotten how curious he was about it.
"What ruckus?" Rodolpho asked.
"The crowd that carried you out of the factory, cheering all over the place. What was that all about?"'
Rodolpho chuckled. "Oh, they were glad because I ki-" He suddenly remembered that Gabriél was Baca's nephew. "I mean they were happy because I . . . uh — "
A good story was needed if he wanted to stay in the apartment tonight-alive. What if Gabriél found out that Rodolpho had killed his uncle? He tried to judge the youth and concluded that he was typical of his age, eager to prove his capabilities. Gabriél was certainly capable of manly pride, family loyalty. Gabriél would surely kill for revenge. Even if Rodolpho explained the situation, told him the truthful fact that Baca was evil, deserving to die, Gabriél was just too young. Pride probably, controlled his emotions more than did his brains.
"I won a big bet on the horses," he finally said. "A lottery thing."
Gabriél’s eyes widened. "Really? How much did you win?" 
"About three hundred dólares."
Gabriél's eyes opened wider. Rodolpho felt obligated to close them a bit.
"But it's all gone now," he told him. "I spent it all on the woman. You know those stories about how the women are over here? They're all true. All of them are greedy. It's gimme-gimme-gimme. Then when the money is gone, it's goodbye!"
The lie made Rodolpho feel secure for the moment, but Gabriél's face disturbed him. Gabriél was giving him a look that asked why he had not saved just a slight amount of the money for food or rent.
The cocked head and the raised eyebrows were hard to ignore. The card game was difficult to concentrate on because now it seemed Gabriél had chosen to keep quiet. He was making his disappointment known without words, and this time the silence was discomforting to Rodolpho.
This hostility added to the fear that Gabriél would discover that he was the cause of Baca's death. Rodolpho knew he had to move away from Gabriél soon. He could not concentrate on the card game for wondering where and when. He made plans to pray that this problem would be his last monumental headache. Then he remembered that Baca's death had brought him an abundance of new friends,
CHAPTER FOURTEEN
Rodolpho went to work ready to be greeted by his new admirers. He planned that if Octavio and the rest asked him about Connie, he would unashamedly tell all and watch their eyes widen, their faces smile.
After parting with Gabriél at the factory's door, Rodolpho walked to the loading dock pretending not to expect a welcome. He glanced to his left and noticed five men staring at him. He lifted his back from the load he was about to carry and gave them a grinning nod.
"Hóla," he said. “Que tál?"
The men were stone-faced. Their backs turned on him as they went back to their work. Rodolpho was bemused. He could not understand their joke.
Later he walked to a Chevrolet pickup and helped a man he remembered to be from Tecate, México. The chore was to take boxes off the back of the pickup and stack them, but the man from Tecáte was annoyed when Rodolpho offered assistance.
"Get out of here," he told Rodolpho. "You don’t know shit!"
Rodolpho seemed confused and answered, "Qué?"
The man mocked him. " Qué? Just get out of here!"
Rodolpho threw down a box and walked back to the dock confused. He looked around to see if Octavio was close by. Perhaps he could tell him why everyone was so hostile. But Octavio was not around. Instead, he saw Orosco loading merchandise into a giant trailer. Rodolpho saluted him in passing. Orosco only looked up and jerked his head to acknowledge him. Rodolpho sensed Orosco's reluctance.
Behind Rodolpho, a few feet away, he heard a man with a Southern Mexican accent converse in a loud voice.
"Look," the man said first. "There goes the coward that dances in hero's shoes. I hope he gets what he deserves."
"Sí," another said. "It'll teach him a lesson."
Rodolpho turned to them. "Who're you talking about? Me?"
"No," another among the group said sarcastically. Then he pointed to the Southern Mexican who had black and blue bruises on his face and neck. "We were talking about him!"
The others in the group shook their heads at Rodolpho's ignorance. When they went back to their jobs, Rodolpho watched them as though they were parts of a puzzle.
He looked again for Octavio. He could not find him, and he figured he was not coming in that day. He looked for friendly faces around him but saw only faces that turned away or venomous stares aimed coldly at him. No one attempted to tell him why this was happening.
When crates were to be placed aside to make way for incoming goods, Rodolpho was one of the men ordered to construct a path. He was teamed with the Southern Mexican. The Southerner stood on one side of the wooden crate while Rodolpho stood on the other. On the count of three, Rodolpho was told, they would lift it together. When three was mentioned, a thrust of strength lifted the box to their belt buckles. Another thrust would be enough to lift it high enough to be placed atop a five-foot crate nearby. When the count of three was made again, the Southerner let his side drop. Rodolpho's side slipped out of his hands, leaving splinters in his palms and fingers. When the crate hit the floor, it nearly fell on Rodolpho's toes.
Two other men around the loading dock jerked their heads toward the noise and saw Rodolpho tending to his hand. One laugh built upon another.
"Why don't you hold on to your side?" the Southern Mexican kept shouting.
"He's not only a coward," someone said, "but he's a weakling, too!"
Rodolpho argued back to drown the laughter. "You dropped it, not me!"
He turned his body toward the chiding spectators. There was no need for this hostility. He had done nothing to them. Had they forgotten about Baca? Rodolpho wanted to fight now, but the Southerner had walked back to his friends. The friends stood defiantly as they laughed at Rodolpho. They even toyed with sticks and metal tools as if waiting for Rodolpho to start a fight. Rodolpho reluctantly had to hold back and ignore them all.
When the lunch whistle blew, and the roach coach honked its hog horn, Rodolpho bought a sandwich and apple juice and sat to eat it on one of the crates on the dock. He saw Orosco walk by him saying nothing. He searched once again for Octavio. He waited for friends he had made on Monday to come out of the factory. He was hopeful that indoor workers were not so fickle. But none of the seamstresses, fabric cutters or clean-up boys acknowledged him as they had done before. Some glanced, others shook their heads and grunted insults under their breaths. One woman actually cried when she saw him. No one told him why they had all changed their opinions of him.
On the opposite side of the yard, Mexican men spoke in embittered terms about Rodolpho. One broke loose and jerked his head at the man.
"Look at him," he said. "I wouldn't want to be in his shoes for anything in the world."
"You don't think Baca's men have gotten to him yet?" asked another.
"Hell no. Look at the man. There isn't a bruise on him. And look at José. He looks like shit!"
The bruised Southern Mexican approached the group when he heard his name called. He drank soup through a straw, angry that he could not eat his habitual pastrami sandwich on a french roll. He cocked his swollen eye toward Rodolpho and spat on the floor.
"These bruises should have been his," he told the men. "I hope that when Baca's men catch up to him they'll give him a few and more!"
One man in the group, the type in every group who no one bothers to inform or confide in, risked another chance of being labeled dimwitted and asked, "What's going on here. pues? What's this I've been hearing about Baca coming back to life?"
"Tónto" his best friend labeled him. "Don't you know already? It's true! Baca isn't dead. He's alive!”
"Why was José beaten up?"
The other men moaned.
"Tell me," the tónto demanded. "What's happening?"
"Baca's two men," José exclaimed. "They came to my house after they went to Rodolpho's.”
Jesús, another man in the group, interrupted. "I didn't know they went to Rodolpho's house, too. Why isn't he beaten up?"
"The men told me he wasn't there," José said. "So they came to my house to do to me what they were going to do to him."
"Why?" the tónto asked.
"Why did they come to my house? Because I was the closest."
"No. Why did they beat you up?"
"Because I didn't believe who they were. I wouldn't give them the money they wanted."
He saw that the tónto's face was confused, so he explained, "Míra. Two men in workmen's clothes came to my house last night, entiénde! They said they wanted money for Baca. I thought they were crooks. I told them, 'Go to hell!' They rushed into my house and started pushing me around and hitting me. They said they wanted money for Baca. I said, 'But Baca's dead.' They told me that he was only beaten up by a gang of boys, but was otherwise fine. I told them how Rodolpho had told everybody here that he had beaten up Baca and killed him. They said they knew about that story and were going to fix him for lying like that. They told me that no man can kill Baca. He is too strong, too powerful.
"Pero, sabes qué? I still didn't believe them."
Everyone groaned and called José stúpido as he laughed at his own mistake.
"Well," he said in a second thought. "I wasn't going to give money to two men just because they asked for it. Would you? No, I thought, I’ll fight them first!"
"So then what happened?" the tónto asked.
"So they beat me up some more until I gave them the money. Then they dragged me out of my house and took me to all the nearby houses where people owed Baca money. They carried me to the door, knocked, and threw me into the living rooms when the people answered. They pointed to me and told them, 'See him? He didn't believe that Baca is still alive. That's all they had to say. Everybody gave them money."
The tónto reacted as though someone had placed a load onto his back.
"So now everyone is back to paying Baca again."
"Every week," José added.
"And I was thanking God for Baca's death. And for Rodolpho's courage."
"Courage?" one man scoffed. "What courage? The púto hid behind a gang of boys." Then he shook his head in disbelief. "How could a man lie so much and build up our dreams like that?"
One man, the critical thinker of the group, suddenly spoke up. "No, no, no. You're blaming the wrong man, really."
The others slid their eyeballs his way with annoyed expressions.
The critical thinking man continued. "Rodolpho didn't tell us he killed Baca. He didn't even know he killed him until Octavio told him."
José shook his head vehemently. "No, no. Rodolpho came in here and announced to the whole factory that he killed Baca. Didn't he, Jesús?"
Jesús nodded, as did the rest. But the man persisted.
"You're crazy," José told him.
"Go back into your own little world," the tónto added, glad that the annoyance was on someone else in the group for a change.
Jesús said, "So now we have two bastards we have to work with - Octavio and Rodolpho."
"You should have seen the way they beat up Octavio," José said with a wincing eye. Then, shaking his head once, "At least one good thing came out of it!"
"What did they do?" José asked.
"Pues, I didn't see how they did it, but I saw him after."
"That bad?"
José made an effort to wince harder. "And for actually no reason at all. After they threw me in, Octavio got his money. Then they asked him if he was Octavio Ramos, and then they jumped on him."
"Did they tell him why?"
"I couldn't hear that much. They followed him to another room. But as far as I could hear, it was something about Octavio knowing someone who beat up Baca. He probably told the gang where Baca could be found."
"I wish those boys had finished the job," the tónto said.
"Too bad fifteen more couldn't go in and do it for them," Jesús added.
"Like who, máno?" the reasonable one asked.
"Like us."
José chuckled. "Oh sí, sí, sí. I can see me in my Pendleton shirt and my wool cap or the red scarf around my head, smoking móta and swinging a knife."
Jesús said, "No, we don't have to knife him. We can kill him with our hands."
José waved him away. "Don't be foolish. Where would you get fifteen men?"
"You can."
"And who would lead them?"
"I’ll lead."
José cocked his head. "You're serious?"
Jesús half-smiled. "Sí. Como no ?"
"’Stas loco tu. You mean to tell me you would have the guts to kill him?"
"Sí"
"With all the things he has to protect himself? The kung fu, the guns and knives, and now the two men?"
Jesús lost some of his assurance, but he still nodded yes.
José noticed the hesitation. "No. I don't think you would."
Jesús was about to say something, but José spoke before him.
"Don't feel bad about it. No one here would." He polled the group and all agreed with him. "I wouldn't, even if I was with a hundred men. It's just not in me. I suppose we're all destined to suffer like this."
Jesús stood up at the insult. "Not me," he said. "I'm going to fight back."
The critical thinker suddenly spoke again. "When?"
"Qué?"
"When will you kill Baca? Tonight? Tomorrow night? Next Wednesday night?"
"Pues, I don't know. But as soon as I get fifteen men."
"But when?" the man asked softly.
Pressured, Jesús shrugged, "I don't know. One of these days. Soon."
The critical thinker let his head bounce as he held a grin. "Sure. Very soon." Then he looked at his hands as he spoke, a mannerism he had whenever he spoke his mind. And he now had something to say regarding Rodolpho Marcias.
"All of you men are angry at Marcias, and I can see why. But I'm not."
"Are you going to read us something from the Bible, compa’!" José asked. "If so, I don't want to hear it."
"Míra. Marcias gave me hope for a little while at least. For the first time in a long time I was rid of Baca and I was happy. I'm grateful to him for that."
Jesús said. "One of these days I'm going to get those fifteen men together."
José nodded. "One of these days," he said sarcastically.
"One of these days," Jesús repeated in earnest.
But when the subject of conversation changed, past words floated with the wind, never to be called again.
CHAPTER FIFTEEN
When Bobby left CALMA, the news spread. It was treated as gossip, something people mentioned over coffee. It was carried among colleagues of various community organizations as additional proof that CALMA was losing contact with the people and that Camacho could not handle his own organization when the news reached the Latinos Unidos organization, its chairman, César Del Campo, saw it as a chance to gain a good man.
César had met Bobby three years before, when the two were working on a committee to set up a free clinic in Boyle Heights. Latinos Unidos was then coming out of the stage of organizing car washes to pay for dances that were held to organize car washes. They were slowly developing services that really helped the community. But the pace was too slow for Bobby. When César asked him to join Latinos Unidos, Bobby told him that he had bigger plans. When he told them to César, the chairman was impressed and kept in contact with the young man, waiting for the time Latinos Unidos could interest him. And now was the time.
César asked friends to let Bobby know he wanted to see him. Within twenty-four hours Bobby was seated in front of César's desk.
"The reason I wanted to see you," César began bluntly, "is because I know where your interests lie."
"Where do they lie?"
"Well, when I talk to you, I sense your need to help people. I think that's what you want to do. I also think that's why you walked out of CALMA."
"The reason was Ralph," Bobby offered. "He seems to be playing games for his own glory. Everybody follows him around like mindless cretins."
"Would you like to come work for us?"
"What sort of work?"
César caught an unenthusiastic tone in Bobby's voice. "We're not as small as we were three years ago, Bobby. We're federally funded now. We've got chapters all over California and we're going to open some outside of the state, too. So now we've got the bucks to set up a consumer complaint office, youth clubs and a program to help illegals." César then raised his eyebrows. "I think that you'll do the most good with the illegals, Bobby. You've got the education and the experience. Are you interested?"
"That depends. Would I head up the program?"
"I have confidence in you, so you'll have a free hand in everything you do. You'll also have full responsibility. You'll have an assistant or two to help you keep records and make plans. Of course, if you have anyone in mind you'd like to work with . . . ."
"There is someone."
"Good. Do I know him?"
"I don't think so. He's Rodolpho Marcias. He's very popular now in the garment district because he killed a coyóte."
César spit an ironical laugh. "Bobby, uhmm, I’d get somebody elese--- ."
"He didn't mean to kill him. He just beat the guy up so bad that he croaked."
The laugh was smaller, the brow furrowed. "Bobby, I don't think ..."
"I've talked with him, César. The man just kind’a fell into being a hero. When he found out how many people looked up to him, he wanted to help the cause. Ralph just ignored him, but I think he has a lot of ideas we can use."
César hesitated. “All you need is the right wing nuts hearing that we’re heralding an illegal alien who’s killed an American citizen. Nobody is going to care whether or not the guy deserved it.--  Are the cops looking for this guy?”
“No! – And nobody’s gonna say anything. And even if they did, he’s a symbol to what goes on with the people from over there. He tries to make it. He fights back when he’s being exploited. – If he’s found out, he’s still a symbol of the people who come over here.” 
César studied Bobby’s face. Trusted that it was sincere and void of exploiting anyone. “Okay”, he said. “But at any sign of getting this committee into trouble, you put distance between you and him.”
Bobby began looking for Rodolpho at Connie Garza's house. Connie directed him to the Angelica Apartments.


The Friday quitting whistle always sounded the sweetest. Gabriél walked with Inez to the pay window holding the hand she had willingly given him. Together they listened to a woman talk openly about her financial troubles: how this week's pay was going to keep the landlord from evicting her family. Soon Gabriél's attention wandered while Inez stood and listened with concern. She asked the woman if she could do anything to help her. The woman smiled, embarrassed, regretting that she had mentioned her personal hardships at such length. She shook her head, then eased out of the situation by excusing herself.
When Inez walked away with Gabriél, she noticed that he was staring at a big-breasted girl who was passing by. She eased closer to him to get his attention on her. When Gabriél felt her near he placed his arm around her waist and brought her even closer. When he kissed her she did not object. She simply opened her mouth and let him visit her tongue.
The beginning of this relationship was delighting him. He felt he had won her quickly with his perfected manner, his humor and the kisses she was accepting. He promised himself more of her company.
After the kiss, he surprised her by commenting on a different subject.
"That woman," he said. "She talks a lot, no?"
"Señora Huertez? No, she's just a lonely woman telling me her problems."
"Pór que? Did she want money or something?"
"No, she's lonely, I told you. Her husband left her about two years ago when she was still living in México. Now she's living in a shitty apartment in Echo Park. She's not immigrated and she doesn't make enough to support her family. I feel sorry for her."
"Pues, don't worry," he told her on his way to kissing her neck. "She'll survive."
Inez moved her neck away when she saw people turning to look. "I don't know," she said. "It's hard for a woman to survive here alone. I mean, the way la mígra comes to the factory and carries people away, I'm afraid they might take Señora Huertez, too. Her children will be left alone, and they're all under six."
She fixed her eyes on his as if she expected a response. Gabriél could only shrug and say, "Pues, that's her problem, not mine."
Inez's tone turned to disbelief. "But Gabriél, the woman is just like you. Don't you have any sympathy for her?"
He shrugged again. "I have my own problems to think about. I have to worry about keeping myself in my own good fortune."
"What good fortune?"
"This!" He let his hand indicate his job at the factory. "I get money every week. I have my own place to live. It's all more than I could have in Cocorit."
"You mean all this is enough for you? Don't you want to get any higher?"
"Oh sí. Someday I'll have my own business, maybe my own factory like this one. And I'll have a lot of peóns working for me."
As he spoke, the affection Inez held for him was disengaging. He tried to kiss her once more, but she gently pushed him back. Rather than taking offense, he kept the suave he felt he had mastered and asked, "So where are we going tonight?"
"Why do you say 'we?' "
"I want to go out with you."
Her eyes watched him talking to her. His brow furrowed in slight worry and his mouth took on a crooked grin, as if he were thinking of a wisecrack he could not mention. These adjustments in his features enhanced his good looks for Inez. Their appeal seemed to renew her feelings and she considered passing an evening with him. But she did not let him know it yet.
She allowed him to ask three more times before she mentioned the big-breasted girl he had watched pass by. "I’ll bet you already know her name. Why don't you ask her out, if you like that type? I don't see why you hang around me so often. I don't have balloons in my bra."
Gabriél pulled her into a corner. He stood in front of her and his eyes playfully tried to peer into the modest cleavage of her blouse. "Then what do you have in there?"
She brought her hand to her chest to cover herself but laughed at the devilish grin he gave her. "I think you might have a serious problem with your mind."
"Sí," he told her. "It's always thinking of you."
"You're full of shit!" she  laughed. "Totally, thoroughly, oozing with shit!"
Gabriél tickled her stomach. "But you love it, no?"
As she denied it, she eased away. Gabriél began to tickle her more. She laughed more and pretended to protest. Finally she gave in. She let herself appreciate the laughter he was giving her and welcomed it as she would a long forgotten friend. It had been months since she had felt herself really laugh. She let herself drop into hysterics, and Gabriél fell with her, laughing uncontrollably at her high-pitched noise.
When their laughter was subsiding, they found themselves on the corridor floor. People looked down at them as they passed, laughing with them or glaring at their eccentric behavior. But Gabriél paid no attention to his audience. He only turned on his side and placed his hand on the back of Inez's head. Inez concentrated on his mouth coming forth and forgot about the passersby. She accepted his kiss and added her own.
Meanwhile, her mind could not decipher her attraction to Gabriél. The lack of compassion he had shown for Señora Huertez made him seem self-centered and heartless. And his "American Dream" showed him in such an unsophisticated light that she winced when she thought of it.
She was worried that she might be attracted to his good looks alone. She had made the mistake of letting herself become infatuated with a man's looks once before, and that affair had ended badly. But the man had been a bigger piece of conceit than Gabriél appeared to be. He had had less consideration for her feelings than Gabriél was expressing. She could recall her ex-lover telling his friends that a "real man" should be flippant about his women.
The pangs she had held for that man could be described by those with a lack of romanticism as "love." It was more than love.  It was sensual, tranquil emotion that delivered her into blissful trances. She would lose herself in his touch and would fall unhesitant into moments of lovemaking because it seemed the thing to do. She had nearly become his woman, his “whore” (he frequently called her), even his wife (as he had ordered rather than asked). But one order too many had awakened her sensibilities and she had protested to him. She argued that she needed to return to her writing and her painting which she ignored for him.
He would roar back that when she became his wife, that would be enough for her. He also said he needed the marriage to become an American citizen, and she was expected to accept that.
Inez, being new to this “adult” relationship, tried to live through his struggle to dominate her. She thought often that she could change the dynamic somehow. She was that innocent! That young. Then, when her lover was lured by another girl's attentions, she suffered through the memory of him and cursed herself for not awakening sooner. Now, she did not want to tumble into the same problem with Gabriél. She knew she would be hurt again.
It was a train of thought she had scolded herself for, but she had grown to distrust men from México. She would stand by them as a sister of heritage for civil liberties and fight against anyone who spoke against their human rights. But as romantic interests, she was leery of Mexican men. She did not want to be any man's nameless "woman" again. She did not want to be used as a passport for immigration.
Now she was kissing Gabriél, a son of México and probably a believer in old-country views that would reign again if she fell into deeper infatuation with him. But now she was holding him and wondering why she was becoming romantic all over again.


When Rodolpho received his pay envelope, he stuffed it into his pocket and walked home alone. He knew Gabriél was going out with the girl he had been bragging about. The apartment was going to be empty and the night was going to be a boring one. He decided he would write a letter to his wife and tell her about his brief glory. But it would be hard to explain, he thought, when he did not know why the glory had been lost.
After buying a bottle of whiskey for his lonely evening, he went home and sat on the bed, where depression threatened to chide him and memories refused to be kind. He opened the whiskey and poured its warmth down his throat. He grunted loud as it brightened his senses and gave the moment compassion.
After the whiskey relaxed him, Rodolpho spoke to his wife's image in his mind. He rambled promises of bringing her to the United States. He took on her imagined arguments and won. But not without feeling guilty. He recalled arguments in which he knew he was wrong but had never apologized. He pined in his heart to actually feel her next to him, making love to him. Connie's company was a brief diversion but the thought of his wife remained always.
He was looking for a pad and pen to write his wife a letter when he heard knocking at the door. The whiskey had not made him drunk, but it numbed him enough to open the door without fear that immigration men were on the other side.
His eyes focused on a familiar young man who greeted him as the door opened. Upon introduction Rodolpho remembered. "Oh, sí," he said. "You're the Roberto Peña I talked to on the phone."
"Sí," Bobby said.
Then, when Rodolpho remembered Camacho's rudeness, his eyes almost squinted in distrust. "What did you come here for, to make fun of a peón?"
Bobby said, "No, señor. I came to ask you to work with me."
Rodolpho asked why Raphael had not come. Bobby explained that Raphael was still with CALMA, while Bobby had gone to a new organization. When he had explained his new position, he asked Rodolpho again to work with him. But Rodolpho let the whiskey mix with his doubt.
"Why do you want me?" he asked.
"You have feelings that I've never felt before," Bobby said. "I thought you could understand things where I could not. I heard you while you and Raphael were planning campaigns, and I think we can work well together."
"How do you know that I'm what you need? How do you know I know how to deal with the people?"
"Pues, at the party, you were the favored one."
"The party," Rodolpho threw out. "The party was just another excuse for everyone to get drunk. Nobody gave a fuck about me or what I had done. The people are fickle, joven. Be sure you know that before you start something like this. You do this for them now; they may not give you the time of day tomorrow."
"Pues, I'm not really looking for fame, señor. All I really care about is that the job be done."
"I suppose you think that with me helping, you can bring about a faster change."
"No, señor. We can only begin. This problem will take a long time to solve, but we're not getting any closer to it by just sitting here talking!"
Rodolpho was not yet satisfied. He asked Bobby why he was so anxious to help people from México when young men his age usually concerned themselves with parties, making love and getting ridiculously drunk. Bobby answered that he felt he had to help because he was needed. But Rodolpho could not accept this.
"Does it hurt you inside," Rodolpho asked, "when you see people treated badly?" Bobby nodded, but Rodolpho added, "Or do you want to help just to prove to people that you exist?"
Bobby gave a nervous laugh. "You shouldn't be asking me that question. Camacho is the one you should be asking.”
"I know what Camacho is. But are you just like him?" Bobby was angered - not by the question, but by the distrust Camacho had bred in Rodolpho. Bobby's temper had to be controlled by deep breaths and gritted teeth.
"I'm not a quitter, señor. I've seen too many people affected to ignore it. I've had friends taken away when they were the only working person in their family. A girl I knew lived over a grocery store with her baby. She went downstairs to the store one day, was caught by la mígra, and the baby died days later of starvation. Nobody bothered to come to it when it cried. No one knew she had lived there. I was the only one who knew. I was the one who discovered the body. I was the one who had to tell her.
"I've known people who paid coyótes to bring them over here only to be blackmailed, just like Baca was doing to you. My grandparents were paying a man fifty dólares a week for five years. By the time my family found out about it, the coyote had collected over ten thousand dólares from them. They were old people who were afraid, and so they were used.
"Something has to be done and I want to be a part of something that will begin to do it. Help me, señor. I'm going to lead people into changing things, and I need your help."
Rodolpho sat back and took another drink of whiskey. Now he was certain Bobby's devotion was firm.
"How many people are in this organization?" Rodolpho asked.
"Many. But still not enough. We need a lot of support if we are going to make changes, and we must work on getting new people. We can start with the colleges. I know a lot of people on school newspapers."
"That's a thing I've heard about Los Estádos Unídos," Rodolpho said. "The people in colleges are always involved and speak out about everything."
"Sí," Bobby sighed. "That may have been true once, but now the majority have their heads up their asses, listening to disco. We’ll have to work hard to wake 'em up."
For an hour they discussed elements of ideas for several campaigns. One idea that Rodolpho pushed hard for was the divulging of truth about the United States to the people of México. He wanted to dispel the misconceptions his people had of this country. If not to dissuade new migrants, then to prepare them for reality.
They were discussing their plans with zeal when a hard pounding shook the door. The door suddenly flew open and two large men stood in the doorway.
One stood especially ready for a fight. "Which one of you is Marcias?" he asked.
Rodolpho answered, "Me. And who the hell are you?"
The other man stood in back of the first, his arms folded. "Baca told us about you."
"Baca? Baca's dead!"
"No," the man said over politely. "Baca's alive."
"And he wants your money," the first man added.
Rodolpho shook his head and waved the man away. "Nah, don't play games with me. Baca's dead. They said I killed him Friday. Get out of here."
The first man started to move, but his partner touched his arm to stop him.
"You tried to kill him," the second man said. "And that's what made Baca mad."
The second man pushed his partner aside to lunge at Rodolpho. The man held on to Rodolpho's shirt and punched his face once as if he were trying to break something. When Rodolpho tried to get away, the man tightened his grip on the shirt and slapped Rodolpho's face with both sides of his hand.
Bobby rushed in and wrapped his arm around the first man and tried to wrestle him to the floor. The man threw Rodolpho aside without effort and easily flipped Bobby over his shoulder onto the bed. Bobby felt himself being lifted by the shirt and then felt a brutal grip on the back of his neck. The man slapped Bobby's behind and grabbed hold of the young man's pants. He made ready to sail Bobby out the window, but the other man shouted, "Not him. Leave him alone. That's Baca's nephew."
The man holding Bobby faced him toward the bed again. Lifted him over the mattress and let him drop like an inanimate bundle.
"Stay there," the man ordered Bobby, then turned back to Rodolpho.
Bobby moved quickly and grabbed Rodolpho's whiskey bottle by its neck. He broke it and pointed the ragged edges at the man who had thrown him. When he jumped at him, the man moved out of the way. Bobby sailed by and landed on the floor.
Bobby was lifted up again and was told in English, “I don't give a shit if you are Baca's nephew," and Bobby was hit with a punch that knocked him out. Then he was draped over the man's shoulder and tossed onto the bed again.
The second man held Rodolpho's head and said, “the next time Baca comes for his money, púto you give it to him."
The second man pushed Rodolpho's arms upward as if trying to break them. Rodolpho would not scream, but he gasped in pain and almost choked when the first man threw his fist into his stomach.
"Tell me where you keep the money," the first man demanded.
Rodolpho struggled to catch his breath, but the long wait made the man impatient.
"Hurry, cabrón. Tell me where your money is."
The man began to search Rodolpho's pockets. When he found the pay envelope, he took all the money it contained.
"Míra, cabrón," the man said. "This is what happens to you when you don't pay Baca." He signaled the man holding Rodolpho to brace himself.
Rodolpho opened one eye and saw a fist fly into his mouth. He felt a tooth loosen and he tasted his own blood. The first man rammed his knee into Rodolpho's groin, and Rodolpho yelled in agony. When he was let go, he fell to the floor, cupping his scrotum. When he thought the men had gone, he felt someone kicking the back of his ribs, then his buttocks.
"Stop it," he heard one of the two men say. "I said stop it! No more! Baca wants him alive. He has to work off the money he owes him."
Rodolpho heard another voice speak now. "Next week, cabrón. Give Baca the fifty dólares, or we come back!"
While the second man was leaving, the other man saw his chance to kick Rodolpho a few more times until his partner came back and pulled him away.
When Bobby heard the men leave, he opened his eyes and uneasily lifted his head. Through slit eyes he saw Rodolpho lying on his side in pain. He scurried on all fours to help him to the bed. Rodolpho was trying desperately to breathe; afraid he was going to die.
"Breathe hard," Bobby told him. "Try to catch your breath."
Rodolpho tried as he lay on his back. In desperation, he even sat up and reached for air. He would catch it, but then it would escape him again. His lungs had to relax and take in oxygen slowly. But even after his lungs relaxed, his breath still was frantic from the fright. His eyes and body wanted sleep.
Bobby sat by nervously, reminded of old wives' tales. "Don't go to sleep," he said. "I hear that it's bad after something like this."
Rodolpho gripped his pillow at the strain he felt when he tried to speak. Seeing the blood coming from the man's mouth, Bobby rushed to the bathroom for some damp towels. Rodolpho's words wanted to come out, but they seemed lodged in his throat. He could only wait for the pain to subside. If the pain would not go quickly, he would will it away.
The nervous fright Bobby felt worried him. He told himself that he would have to get accustomed to incidents like this if he were going to fight for the rights of people. He couldn't let himself be knocked out and tossed aside. But his trembling would not stop, and his worry almost became a loud cry. He wanted to obtain the attribute of courage to dull his senses next time. He hated the feel of fear.
Bobby sat by Rodolpho for a half an hour, asking him at five-minute intervals if there was anything he needed. Rodolpho noticed that his whiskey was gone and asked Bobby to buy him more. Bobby had no money and asked him where he kept his. Rodolpho was about to reach for his pay when he remembered the men had taken it. He mumbled a curse in Baca's name then threw a magazine and repeated the curse louder.
"Damn you, Baca! Damn your fucking soul to hell!"
"The first thing we’ll do, señor," Bobby said, "is get rid of Baca."
There was silence in the room until Rodolpho said quietly. "I don't think so," he told Bobby. When he saw Bobby give him a questioning look, he added, "I told you I wasn't a leader. Pués, now you've seen for yourself. What kind of leader would let those two gorillas throw him around like that?"
"But your ideas, señor. The things you wanted to say to the people in México ..."
"You could say them for me, without me! You're much better. You're much braver."
"Bullshit. I was scared, too. I was so scared I wanted to pee!"
"But you fought back. I didn't. I just let them throw me around."
"But señor..."
"Anyway, what kind of chance do we have? These men are more powerful. For every two steps forward, I’ll bet they'll push us three steps back."
Bobby rose from his chair. "Rodolpho, don't quit on me now. I need you."
"I remember that people told me about Los Estádos Unídos, and about people like Baca. It never stops. It's never going to stop."
"Not if we do nothing."
"And the immigración won't stop just because we ask them to. I would bet that all the letters, all the marching; all the writing in the world wouldn't stop them from bothering us."
Bobby would not let his disappointment show through. He stood strong and asked, "Are you believing what you're saying?"
"I'm facing the facts. I know now that to live here you have to take care of only yourself, and let the others take care of themselves. I have to take care of my life, think of my wife and my sons and not throw it away on a gesture. I can't afford to be a martyr, Roberto."
"Okay," Bobby shouted. "Lose yourself in your own pity, señor. I'm not like you." He rushed to the door to leave. "Thank God, I'm not like you."
He left too quickly. His truthful words echoed in Rodolpho's head and humiliated him almost as much as the beating. He shouted for Bobby to come back, but blood clogged his throat and the strain made him cough. He spit out quickly and called again, but Bobby did not return.

Gabriél came home minutes before twelve-thirty. The night had been filled with an American movie, Burger King cuisine, and kisses from Inez. It was the first time he had felt a genuine reason to be happy in the United States. This feeling carried him through the threatening dark streets of the city without fear of thieves or lunatic murderers. He thought about how Inez was different from any girl he had known. He also tried to make up dreams about their future together so he could occupy his time later when he was bored.
He walked into the apartment and heard Rodolpho snoring. He knew his way around the room by now, and he walked directly to the bathroom in the dark. As he stared in the mirror and congratulated himself on his good looks, he noticed blood on the porcelain sink and toilet. The amount was small and not very frightening, so Gabriél wasn't alarmed. He merely cleaned it with a wad of toilet paper. When he went to bed, he felt dampness on his pillow where he thought Rodolpho drooled during his sleep. Gabriél turned on the lights and discovered that the pillow was red with Rodolpho's blood. When he looked at Rodolpho he saw that his face was bruised, bloody and swollen.
Gabriél shook him and called out his name. Rodolpho opened his eyes and jerked up his head and was startled by the sight of his own blood. He quickly placed his hand over his nose and rushed to the bathroom with Gabriél trailing behind.
"What happened to you?" Gabriél asked. "Did you get into a fight?"
Rodolpho spat out the taste of blood. "Sí. I fought." He touched his swelling eye and dabbed his bleeding nose with toilet paper. “But the men fought back."
Gabriél was still in his happy mood. "Míra no más. Those bastards really gave you hell. You must not know how to fight."
"I know how to fight," Rodolpho snapped in an effort to change the past. "But there were two of them."
Gabriél boasted, "Once in México, I handled three of them."
Rodolpho didn't want to talk about his defeat, especially with a relative of the man who had him beaten.
And why was Gabriél so conveniently away when the gorillas were in the apartment? Rodolpho could see where this line of thought was heading, but he did not want to stop it.
"How was your night with the girl?" he asked suspiciously.
Gabriél gave a sigh. "It was perfect, señor. We didn't go to bed but..."
Rodolpho interrupted, "Did you see your tío tonight?"
"No, I haven't seen him since we got here. Why, have you seen him?"
Rodolpho brought his good eye upward to watch how Gabriél said his words. Ignoring the young man's question, Rodolpho asked if he was telling the truth. Gabriél looked puzzled.
"Did you hear that your tío was killed?"
Gabriél eyes widened in shock. "Mi tío? Dead? How?"
"Didn't you hear about it in the factory?"
Gabriél looked honestly shaken. Rodolpho could see that he was innocent, and so he told him that Baca was not dead in fact. Gabriél cussed at him and told him it was a cruel joke. Without any introduction, Rodolpho told him that Baca had had two men come beat him up. When Gabriél asked why, Rodolpho answered with no hesitation.
"Your uncle is a crooked man."
Gabriél appeared offended.
Rodolpho began talking without control, trying to explain everything Baca was doing to the people he brought up from México.
Gabriél shook his head, "I don't believe that. If it were true, why hasn't he tried to take advantage of me?”
"Maybe because you're his nephew. He wouldn't blackmail you for any money."
"Blackmail?"
"Sí. He threatened to tell la mígra where I was if I didn’t give him money every week."
"I don't believe that."
"Look at my face, pues," Rodolpho shouted. "He had men come beat me up because I didn't give him the money”.
Gabriél's attitude was annoying. Rodolpho moved in closer.
"Do you remember that ruckus that surrounded me last week?" he asked. "All those people around me thought I killed your uncle. They were all celebrating. That man has every Mexicáno at work by the balls for money."
Gabriél stared at Rodolpho coldly. "Pues, what did you expect when you knew you were dealing with a coyóte? Didn’t you hear the stories about them?"
Rodolpho was surprised. "You're not defending what he does, are you?"
"Don't misunderstand me," Gabriél said. "What I'm trying to tell you is that this is my uncle's business. I have no concerns about what he chooses to do. It's his affair, not mine."
"But he's your uncle, joven! Doesn't it bother you that someone of your blood is doing this to people? I'm not complaining for myself. I'm only paying fifty dólares. But people are paying him many times that. These are poor people. They can't afford anything like that.”
"But the idiots pay it anyway. They must love to pay for the privilege of living here, or else my tío wouldn't be such a well-to-do man."
"Your uncle is a thief, Gabriél. Tell him to ease up on the people."
"I don't like you calling my uncle a thief, señor," Gabriél said angrily, then he cooled. "Mira, I know you're feeling pressures, but that's my uncle's business, not mine."
He looked at Rodolpho's hateful glare and avoided it by going back into the bathroom to think. He tried to validate his actions to himself. He was only expressing a feeling that was family law. His uncle was older and master of his own life. Now that Gabriél was in the United States, he had to attend to the important affair of raising his social and economic status. To do this, he must close his eyes to other people's problems. He could hold compassion and perhaps fight against other people's oppression once he had the time. But, for now, only he mattered to himself.
Rodolpho had to admit that he held no hatred for Gabriél. It was just the jealousy of someone older watching someone younger follow his heart. He quietly admired Gabriél's detached feelings for others and briefly wished he had the same ability at this moment, so that his pride would cease to hurt for rejecting Bobby's offer. Such detached feelings would tunnel into big money much quicker. He knew the wish for money was a sin, but he saw no use in pretending to God any longer. Money was what he wanted.
It was queer that his lack of altruism did not seem to be a sin at this trying, late-night hour. But he could not perceive a good or evil moral through his veil of humiliation. He needed assurance desperately. He wished for someone to come to the door of his room and establish the rules of United States life in charts and pictures that could be kept under his arm or in his back pocket. He was too tired to fight the unexpected again.
Of course, these thoughts soon turned into a yearning for his wife. He wanted her in solitude, even though he knew that one night of intercourse would not sweep away his problems.
CHAPTER SIXTEEN
Hopes were high when everyone thought Baca was dead. Money owed him was available for family needs. Tensions were relieved and people became optimistic about their lives in the United States. It was cruel that Baca had been resurrected to take hope away from them again.
Bitterness toward Rodolpho was prevalent in conversations at the factory. The men in the yard where Rodolpho worked were especially cruel. During the first weeks of Baca's return, death-threat notes were left for him on bathroom mirrors and tacked to bulletin boards. Graffiti on the bathroom stalls defamed Rodolpho's family and manhood.
Octavio was also subject to the harassment. He had a longer history of being disliked, and this last episode seemed to be one too many for some of the men. When Octavio returned to work bruised from Baca's men, the men at the yard cornered him behind boxes and began shoving and punching him, demanding to know why he had lied to them. Octavio tried to explain he really had thought Baca had died. But the men's demands were only rhetorical. They beat Octavio out of their frustration and anger.
Rodolpho had rushed to help Octavio but was held back by a knife held to his face. The red-haired man was the one who stopped the beating and called for an ambulance when he saw Octavio lying on the ground.
Rodolpho had sat by Octavio's hospital bed, smiling at him when he opened his eyes. Octavio kept repeating he was sorry. Hours would pass and tears would run down Octavio's face while he lay unmoving. His eyes were like glass as he cried silently in self-pity.
Months passed and Octavio and Rodolpho each found the other to be his only friend. Rodolpho no longer talked to Gabriél with the same brotherly camaraderie. Although Gabriél never mentioned his uncle again, he knew Rodolpho's reputation had been marred by Baca. He couldn't bring himself to display any closer emotion than a nod and a passing comment about the topic of the moment. The relationship was strained but tolerable.
Inez was Gabriél's best friend now. A lover who could talk about life as it existed for the both of them, Inez's presence made Gabriél feel complete – though he was still inclined not to tell her this. Making love was a thing that Gabriél reveled in. The topic wove its way into every discussion, either as an earnest aside or a double entendre to break the tension between them.
Inez found herself in love with Gabriél, but she also was hesitant to let him know. She found herself teasing him in ways she hated to see in others. But she would justify it by saying that she was playing games by Gabriél's rules, and she could not merely sit back and watch him get the better of her. In her mind, she would touch on the possibility that her actions were plastic, that she was forsaking her aesthetic talents to play a shallow slap-and-tickle game with someone who really had little in common with her. But she would not let it make her feel guilty. She knew she loved him physically, and she dismissed any remorse.
Six more months passed with no special changes. Work made Rodolpho into a programmed zombie who followed a schedule day by working day. Weekends were turning into drinking sabbaticals with Octavio. Christmas and New Year's were gray both in mood and weather. Nothing enlightened a feeling, soothed an emotion. Only letters to his wife broke the monotony, but the lack of excitement in his life made writing more a chore than a happy occasion.
Even immigration raids would have been welcomed when work was at its dullest. Once, in a fiendish, joking mood, Rodolpho told Octavio that the immigration men were outside the gates. One man overheard, and he almost caused a panic as he began spreading the word. Rodolpho stopped him before the man went rampant, and for his trouble was blamed for everything.
Once, a man began pushing Rodolpho and calling him names. When he was shoved a third time, Rodolpho let a fist zip to the man's face. The man looked up from the ground for support from the three men who stood behind. He was surprised when they backed off and tended to their jobs instead.
It was not until the new year was a month old that six men in suits were seen parking three state-owned cars across the street from the factory. Rodolpho was the first to notice them. He guessed they were men of dangerous import - immigration men. But he could not tell anyone for fear of causing another panic. He merely continued working and waited for a move.
Other men began to move subtly, one by one. Octavio was slow to notice. He saw men going out of their way to whisper to others. The others casually dropped crates and tools and walked to their hiding places.
Just as smoothly, Octavio turned to Rodolpho and mentioned in a low voice, "La mígra must be near."
"Out front," Rodolpho told him.
"Be calm and walk easy," Octavio said, almost acting out the role of the spy.
The two men entered the factory and began walking upstairs with the others.
"You would think that men who work for the United States would have consideration for the working man," joked Rodolpho.
"They do," Octavio answered, "but you have to be a gringo working man."
"It's curious how they were just standing out there. Do you suppose they're going to rush in? Maybe they're waiting for more men.”
Octavio calmed his friend. "I've seen them do this before," he said. "They're probably out there to look at this place from a distance. If they see a few Mexicános, they'll approach them, ask them for their mícas, and send them back to México if they have none.
"But first they'll ask if there are any more in the factory. And if it's worth it to them, they'll get more mígra to come. Then they'll go back to their office and talk about The Big Catch. It's times like this I feel like big game."
"Pues, how long will they stay out there?"
“Pues quién sábe? Sometimes until after we get off work. Sometimes all night long."
"And what happens to us?"
"Well, what do you think, carnal’? We sleep in.”
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
Jack Yaray was a handsome man with the body of a gymnast and the Aryan blonde hair of a lifeguard. He played his role of law enforcement figure to the hilt, even though he was only an immigration man. He parodied his "cool" heroes to plastic perfection, and the irony was that he did not know it. Everyone around him mistook him for a man's man because everyone around him was raised on comic book literature and lived in a TV detective culture. But his Marine background made Yaray act stranger than most.
Charlie Spacek was his partner. He was a fortyish agent with twenty years of beer, scotch and his wife's cooking filling out his stomach. Worried nights about the mortgage and his children's braces showed on his face. The same people who thought Yaray was the ideal man thought Spacek was his comedy relief. Charlie was no one's stooge. He wasn't slow or stupid, he was just preoccupied.
They came with two other teams of immigration men to capture illegals they saw coming out of Marvin Silvers' factory. The six men needed the collars to prove to their superiors that they were doing their jobs. By reputation, the Silvers factory was a gold mine filled with rewards. It was thought to be a rest stop for immigration officers who wanted to feed their records without doing the footwork.
When Marvin Silvers saw his workers hide, he went across the street to talk to the men. His face was red with anger. His arms moved frantically to make his point.
 “What the fuck are you doing?" he shouted to Jack. "We had a deal! You're breaking our contract. I've got a line to get out and you're scaring my workers!"
Yaray was calm. "You're behind in your payments, Marvin. And the bureau wants to see more arrests. Guess who wins out?"
"I promise I'll get you the money, but please, be good guys. I need my workers right now. It’s show season."
"Tough shit. I need money. And since you stopped paying, I've gotta make my living the honest way."
"You sonofabitch! After all the favors I've done, you repay me this way? I'll get you your fuckin' money."
"Don't yell in my ear," Jack shouted back, "or I'll go in right now and arrest every beaner you got."
Marvin answered quickly. Sure of himself. Like a man who knew where the money was buried. "You can't do that to me and you know it. And you know what I mean by that."
Yaray didn't let his annoyance show. He only looked at Marvin, daring him to say more.
"Is that why you're really here?" Marvin asked in a softer tone. "You need money, so you're out selling the Mexicans phony green cards again, right? Well, one word from me and my Mexicans won't buy them. I'll tell them the truth."
Yaray knew he had the upper hand. "One word like that and you're gonna find yourself in a world of pain."
"Who's Baca?" Spacek finally asked.
Marvin pretended he didn't know.
"Marvin, don't bullshit!"
"Don't lay that threatening tone on me. I don't know."
Jack explained. "We get a lot of beaners from around here who want to call a guy named Baca the minute they're caught. They won't tell us who he is, but Charlie and me think he's some kind of Koyoteee. He seems to supply a lot of factories around here with beaners. And since you have the biggest-bean factory on Seventh, we figure you have to know."
"Nope. Sorry."
"I wonder how long it takes to burn a factory down?"
"You sonofabitch. I tell you I don't know. So do me a favor and move out of here."
"I told you we need the collars, Marvin."
"All right, I'll pay you tomorrow."
Yaray shook his head evenly.
"But my workers are scared shitless to do anything. They have to know you're gone."
"Who's Baca, Marvin?"
"I don't know."
"Then we'll stay."
Marvin changed his approach. "I'm having a buyers party next week, Jack. Why don't you come over and I'll introduce you to the nicest eighteen-year-old you'll ever see."
"Not moving, Marvin.”
"She'll bring her younger brother."
Jack's eyes glared.
"You don't think hookers talk?" Marvin smiled. "Charlie, the blonde from last time keeps asking about you."
"We're staying right here, Marvin." Jack now crossed his arms and sat tightly like a stubborn child.
Silvers stared at Yaray until he knew it was no use. He had to be the one to give in, but he didn't like the loss. When he went back to the factory, he screamed at the Mexican people through the loudspeakers on every floor.
"Everything is all right," he said in Spanish. "The mígra will not come in, but they will stay out there all day and check people for their papers. I cannot tell you not to leave, but you are welcome to stay overnight. Those wishing to spend the night must work until seven o'clock, but I will pay you extra money. Please, come out of hiding. The mígra is not coming in. Those who do not come back to work will be fired. That is all."
The rest of the day the Mexican workers debated amongst themselves about the immigration problem. How many times, it was asked, had there been false alarms? Rumors were started by veteran workers who said Silvers had just put the cars there to make them think they were immigration. This was done, they said, so Silvers could scare them into working longer hours. The promise of more pay was a hoax, they knew. Silvers had made them work longer before, and had suddenly forgotten about the extra money when the pay was handed out.
Most of the doubters were legal or were people who could afford to gamble. Others, like Rodolpho, were only hesitant. He needed the money, and the sleeping quarters didn't look very bad.
Octavio was positive he was going to stay. He was fearful of the immigration people because of the sensational reports he had heard on the television news. Men were being beaten and murdered by la mígra, he had heard. He was certain that he would be next.
Inez spoke to Gabriél during their work breaks. Conversations usually touched on love and her friends' romances. The immigration topic did not arise until the last break before quitting time.
Gabriél said he wanted to stay all night and earn the extra money. Inez tried to talk him out of it she knew Silvers did not keep his word. Gabriél was stubborn, but Inez knew it was mostly fear.
He had nothing to worry about, she told him. His light skin and sandy-brown hair would save him. He could pass by the immigration men easily. But Gabriél still kept close to his conviction.
Inez was so sure of the lack of danger involved that she became flippant. She told him she wanted to make love to him tonight in his hotel room. If he wanted her, he would have to sneak out. But Gabriél still hesitated.
She had the plan, she told him.
Gabriél raised an eyebrow. "What is it?"
His clothes were a slight giveaway, she said. He needed clothes to match his features. She offered to call her brother and ask him to bring a shirt and pair of pants from his closet. The phone call was made before Gabriél could decline.
Minutes before quitting time, Inez's brother walked in with a bag of clothes under his arm. His walk caricatured a penguin and caught the eye of one of the immigration teams across the street. By the young man's looks, one blue suited agent judged him to be foreign. No one except alien Mexicans wore brown Pendletons and combed their hair back; he thought the young man was a "gang-type," so he told his partner to be prepared for trouble.
The pink-faced agent attempted to stop the young man with a quick whistle. When he didn't stop, the agent called to him with a short "hey". The young man turned and walked to the man who had summoned him.
"Are you from around here, son?" the agent asked.
"Yes, sir," the young man answered.
"Where were you born?"
"Oshkosh, Wisconsin," the young man answered. The agent waved him away, dismissing him. When he turned, he saw his partner's shoulders shaking in laughter.
When Inez met her brother, she introduced him to Gabriél. As the young men shook hands, Inez opened the shopping bag and handed the clothes to Gabriél.
When Gabriél put them on, he found himself wearing a long blue T-shirt with the silk-screened image of a tanned blonde surfing on a kaleidoscopic wave. Above the image were stenciled the words, "Do it on a Surfboard." His pants were clean white jeans.
Gabriél modeled the clothes for Inez, who looked with sisterly anger at her brother. "Danny, why did you bring him that shirt?"
"You wanted him to look like a white guy, didn't you? Don't all white guys like to surf?" As an aside, he said, "I should've gotten him a jar of mayonnaise to eat on the way." He handed her a comb and told her to comb Gabriél's hair to the side. "Make him look like a real surfer."
Inez didn't like the idea, but she felt her brother's logic was good. Both she and her brother believed the Chicano-teen thinking that all middle-class white teenagers had a preoccupation with surfing. Inez took her jar of hair gel and began to style Gabriél's hair. When she finished, she and her brother began to giggle at the strong resemblance he had to their image of a gringo.
The three walked down to the main floor unnoticed. They turned down the hall and slowed when they came to the reception window. Inez stopped and checked her reflection in the glass. Danny stood straight and combed his hair. Gabriél only stood in nervous silence waiting for the others. He made it a point not to look at his reflection for fear he would become shaken to the extent of backing out.
Inez and Danny walked on each side of Gabriél. Drawing closer to the door, they saw a blue-suited agent look inside as he walked by. Inez took hold of Gabriél's hand. Danny looked at Gabriél's profile and considered their danger. Then he placed a friendly hand on Gabriél's shoulder.
With each step bringing them closer to the door, Danny became nervous and anticipated arrest. He began to speak loudly in English to prove to any immigration man that he knew how.
"And the waves in Malibu get up to eight feet," he began, startling Inez. "Jeeeeesus Christ! Hey, that reminds me, do you know what happened to Isabelle, man?”
In an instant, Inez caught on to her brother's act and followed. "No, what?" she answered.
"She got engaged to Lil' Mikey."
Inez conjured a smile. "Really?"
Now they were outside. The immigration men had crossed the street and were now standing outside the door, lining the street at arm's distance from each other. Gabriél looked down at his feet to hide his face. Inez sensed his fear and became frozen for a moment. Then she breathed deeply and spoke to Danny. "Isabelle really wants to get married."
Danny pointed his eyes ahead of him and saw an immigration man. The pressed blue suit gave the man a certain importance. His body slanting against the expensive car made him look calm, and his folded arms added defiance.
Looking at the man, Danny spoke to Inez. "You should've seen the ring!" Then he howled a laugh that loosened his nerves. "That mother must have cost Mikey a thousand."
Inez gasped at the price. "Really?"
Already past five immigration men, Gabriél was nearing the sixth. He breathed deeply to calm the fear in his stomach and to prevent his judgment from shattering.
"Mikey says he's gonna marry Isabelle 'cause she's knocked up," Danny said. "But you should've seen his face when Tuti told him the baby was his." Inez laughed with her brother. Gabriél laughed at the first sense of Inez's laugh and turned his face lower to hide from the immigration man. He closed his eyes, wishing he could break away and run into a waiting car and let the wheels take him away at high speed.
When he looked up again they were past the last watchful mígra man. Gabriél laughed loud above the two. He had escaped!
"Wait a minute," they heard a man say.
Gabriél froze in shock. His legs felt wobbly.
When they turned, they saw one of the mígra men addressing Señora Huertez.
"Where were you born?" the man asked in Spanish.
"Here," the woman replied.
"Do you have any proof, any papers?"
"No."
"Then come with me, please."
Señora Huertez did not resist. She knew they did not believe her and would now return her to México.
Her friend who was with her shouted at the man. "You have no right to take her. She hasn't done anything."
"Kiss my ass, lady," the man muttered.
"I was born here, too," the woman screamed, "And I don't have proof."
Jack Yaray walked over to the woman and shoved her lightly away from the other officers. "Maybe we should run you in, too, lady."
"Don't shove me! I'm an American citizen! Probably more American than you. My ancestors were full-blooded Indian."
Yaray kept moving forward and pushed the woman harder. The woman's feet hit each other and she fell backward."
"Watch yourself, lady." Yaray was smiling, and it infuriated the woman.
"You pushed me on purpose."
Inez was irate and ran to help the woman up. Gabriel tried holding her back, but Inez was determined to act.
"You pussy! Why don't you pick on a man?"
Señora Huertez called to her friends as they placed her in the car. Inez left the woman to run to la señora. Jack tried to stop her, but Inez dodged away from him. "My friend needs me!"
Jack followed her to the car, where he saw Señor Huertez try to give Inez a slip of paper.
"Please," la señora said. "Call Señor Baca and tell him I'm in trouble. And tell him my children are by themselves.
As Inez asked who Baca was, Yaray saw the paper slip from her hand and he reached to retrieve it. He had heard the name Baca, and that made him interested. Inez asked him for the paper, but Yaray folded it and placed it in his pocket.
"She wanted me to call someone to take care of her kids," Inez shouted.
"This is state property now," Yaray said.
"What does the state want with a piece of paper?" Inez was angry. "Give it to me, asshole!"
The other woman walked up to Inez. Yaray looked at her and smiled. He placed a hand on Inez's shoulder and shoved her toward the woman.
"Better take your daughter home, mama."
"This is not my daughter! But you have my friend and you have my friend's piece of paper. Can I please have it?"
"No."
"There's a number she needs us to call!" Inez shouted.
"Can we just copy the number?" the woman asked.
"No. I'm sorry, mama."
The woman's fist clenched and flew to Yaray's face. "Don't call me 'mama,' you sonofabitch, ménso, púto!"
Yaray moved back while restraining himself from hitting the woman in front of the other agents.
The woman began to argue with Charlie, who wanted to calm her. Another agent entered the conversation and became patronizing, but the woman held her own. When a third agent came, she found the pace too fast. The four men joined forces and piled humiliation on top of the frustration. She could take so much until she let the two merge into anger again. She slapped the face of another officer and this summoned the muscles of all four agents. She was slapped once, kicked in the leg, and when her body went limp, the man felt brave enough to kick her side twice, fearing no reprisal. Señora Huertez was then handcuffed, lifted by three men and shoved inside another car.
Inez barked at them again and Yaray shouted back at her.
"Do you wanna go to go jail too, bitch?"
"Why are you taking her? Why didn't you just give us the piece of paper?"
"Get the fuck out of here!"
As Inez saw the cars with Señora Huertez and the woman drive away, her anger was bringing tears. She thought later that she should have gone to la señora and asked her to recite the number. The regret made her stomach feel ill. She thought of the children, Yaray's stupidity, and the injustice of it all. When she returned to Gabriél, she was still crying.
Gabriél tried to console her by patting her back and saying futile axioms that were well meant. He asked her if she still wanted to go to his hotel room. She did want to be alone with him, and she needed someone to make her feel loved. She nodded, said goodbye to Danny and walked away with Gabriél.
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
Rodolpho let the hours pass listening to Octavio trade dirty jokes with a crowd of men who had huddled together in a corner.  
Someone asked for the time.
"It's six-thirty," came an answer.
A woman tapped Rodolpho on the shoulder. "When do they bring us the blankets and the pillows?"
He shrugged. "I don't know. This is my first time, too." One of the other men answered her question. "In a little while, señorita. But if there aren't enough to go around, do you want to share mine?" Then he laughed as the woman moved away annoyed.
Rodolpho stood to stretch his legs and saw the people who occupied the room with him. They were all seated on sewing machines and cutting tables talking to each other, preparing to sleep on these places. He saw some talking to no one, just sitting by themselves as if waiting for either sleep or the immigration to overtake them. An old man was walking around the room trying to make conversation. A woman sat on the floor and knitted to occupy her mind. Two girls screamed when a rat came between them as they lay together. A boy chased it and was awarded with applause when he caught it.
Rodolpho shook his head. This was not the way he had envisioned that people lived in the United States. Bobby Peña came to his mind, and he wished for him to find a way into the factory and guide the people to revolt against this treatment.
"What are we doing here?" he heard himself cry out. "Why are we kept in here like frightened rabbits?"
"It's like I said," Octavio told him. "La mígra likes to play games with us."
"I'm tired of the game," Rodolpho shouted. "I'm tired of hiding and I'm tired of this factory. I'll work the ten hours the boss tells me to work, but I'll be goddamned if I'll live in this place."
"But la mígra. . ."
"Chingue la migra, cabrón! Y chingue myself for being so cowardly that I am willing to sleep here for the boss. Why doesn't everybody join me? If we walk together in a clump, we can walk all over them, dammit!"
"Mira, sónso," Octavio said. "They've got the laws against us. Don't you see that? We can stand there and do all that we want, talk to them until our faces are blue, but they will still have their stupid laws on their side. Don't go, señor.”
"I have to go," Rodolpho told him. "Every time I turn around there is always somebody telling me where to go, what to do. There's always some problem coming up that I have to live with. I want to feel like I've fought back just once. I want to feel that I've escaped something that I shouldn't be involved with in the first place. I shouldn't be here in this factory right now. It's way past the time to go home. And that's where I'm going."
 He walked away through the maze of the sewing pool, ignoring Octavio's pleas to come back.
Six flights of stairs passed under Rodolpho's feet within two minutes. When he stopped, he found himself in the darkened foyer of the main floor. He listened to the echo of his own footsteps. His head kept jerking in all directions, making sure he wasn't being followed.
Walking down the stairwell that led to the loading dock, he let his feet hit the cement steps softly so as not to cause a loud echo. When he found the doorknob in the dark, he turned it quickly. It was locked. He muttered curses under his breath while thinking of another exit.
He walked out of the stairwell carefully and looked around him for a window. From the center of the corridor, he saw there were none. He then began to walk, hoping there might be one around the corner.
Finally he saw a window inside the small reception office. He tried the door, saying an informal prayer, but it was locked. Hurrying to the other end of the corridor, he could see no other window except for one that could not be opened. He thought of breaking it, but he thought the noise might bring somebody. The doors that led to the larger offices and broom closets were locked. The only rooms he had access to were the restrooms.
He walked inside the men's room and let out a sigh of surprise. At the very end of the bathroom by a toilet booth shone the bright blueness of a lamplit night. So striking was the beautiful sight that Rodolpho, if he were a fanatic about his religion, would have dropped to his knees thinking God had placed the window there exclusively for him.
He opened it and looked both ways carefully before he climbed out. He looked all around, ready to run if a spotlight from an immigration search lamp fell on him. He saw that he was in the alley and that the street was at its mouth. He kept close to the dark side of the alley. He stopped as close to the street as he could without being seen and made sure there were no immigration men around.
He jerked his head back into the shadow when he saw the cars of the immigration men at a far but still threatening distance. He chanced looking again to judge how far the men actually were. Then he moved back into the shadows and shook from fear. He felt the sweat forming on his forehead and rolling down the side of his face. His fear was embarrassing him.
He shook his head. He had to think clearly and make his escape with skill. Then, to bolster his pride he told himself that this scared rabbit was exactly what the gringo immigración wanted to see.
To relax his nerves he lay on his stomach and watched the immigration men standing by their cars. He was careful not to move out of the shadows.
He watched a blond man leading most of the conversation with three other immigration officers.
Rodolpho's attentions turned to an officer who walked in his direction. He would have to wait until the agent looked away before he could get out of the alley.
It was almost an hour until they stopped their conversation and sat inside their cars. Rodolpho felt that his chance was nearing. In his excitement he poked his head out of the alley too far.
Charlie, who was looking in that direction, noticed something yellow moving across the street, but did not perceive it to be a man's shirt. He only shrugged it away, thinking that it may have been a cat or, out of boredom, his own imagination.
Rodolpho waited a little longer, then stood and walked out of the alley.
He hurried at first. But when he realized it, he walked slower, breathing rapidly. He was so afraid that he decided to go into a darkened vestibule that led to a ten-dollar-a-night hotel. He heard himself breathing harder, so he kept thoughts that might calm his nerves. While doing this, he peeked from behind the vestibule and jerked his head back when he realized that he was too exposed. His head against the wall, he tried to replay the positions of the immigration men; were any of them looking his way, did anyone notice him? The wall against his back was the safest place in the world to him now. He felt himself afraid to move.
Minutes passed like hours, but his nerves were slowly calming. When he felt the strength to do so, he checked again and saw headlights of one of the cars turn on. He pushed his head forward again and saw the car begin to move.
They were coming for him, he knew, but his feet were frozen.
The car began to move, but not in Rodolpho's direction. When it screeched and drove away, he was relieved. All his worrying was over. He could come out of the hotel and act as if he lived there.
Rodolpho gathered his courage. He stepped out of the vestibule, down the street and around the corner. Once behind the building and out of the immigration's sight, he relaxed. He had escaped.
This street was a dark one. This is safe, he thought. He felt compelled to peek around the corner one more time. He smiled when he saw that the immigration men were still in their places and had not noticed him.
He enjoyed the darkness because he could better see his fantasies. He was a clever hero who had just come out of an adventure. He felt proud that he had overcome a part of his injustice.
Nearing the first street crossing he noticed the echo of his footsteps had become more and more out of synch. He stopped walking and then heard a man's voice call out to him in Spanish.
Rodolpho wanted his feet to spring, but a hard and heavy hand grabbed his shoulder and turned him around brusquely. He gave in to the fact that he had been caught.
He saw the blond head of Jack Yaray looking seriously at him, holding out his badge and introducing himself as working for the bureau of immigration. Rodolpho then noticed Charlie Spacek's fat figure walk beside him, guarding him, ready to move into any direction.
The agents began their questioning one-by-one, shooting their words at him in often-unintelligible Spanish.
"Do you live around here?"
"Where do you live?"
"Do you live here as a citizen?"
"Do you carry any identification?"
"Are you married?"
"Do you have any children?"
"Are they in the United States, too?"
"Is anybody living with you now?"
Rodolpho thought. The least he could do was to save Gabriél. "No, I live alone."
Charlie took his turn. "We saw you sneaking out of the factory. Do you work there?"
"Sí."
"How much do you make?"
"Just eighty dólares a week."
Charlie looked at Jack for his approval. Jack nodded once.
Charlie asked Rodolpho, "Would you like to stay in this country?"
Rodolpho answered, "Yes."
"Are you willing to pay money to stay here, amigo?"
Rodolpho shrugged. "Why not? I'm doing that already."
Yaray took Charlie's turn. "What do you mean?"
Rodolpho felt uncomfortable about what he had let slip through his lips.
Yaray asked him again-was he paying someone to stay in the United States? Rodolpho would not tell them. For the moment he was confused about the priorities of survival.
After minutes of questioning, Charlie sighed. "All right, señor. You can't say we didn't try to help you escape deportation."
As Rodolpho walked between Yaray and Spacek, he suddenly stopped.
"Do you mean if I tell you, you’ll let me go?"
"Tell us your problem," Yaray said.
"Pués, there's a coyóte over me. He brought me here for two hundred dólares, and I paid him before we left México. But once we were here, he wanted more money. He said that if I didn't pay him fifty dólares a week, he was going to call la immigrácion! In all, the man wanted six hundred dólares before he would leave me alone."
Charlie looked at his partner and said to him in English, "Did you hear how much he's paying the guy?"
Yaray quickly asked Rodolpho, "Señor, are there more people like you paying this coyote money?"
"Pues, sí. Most of the people he deals with are paying him more than me."
Yaray told Charlie in confidential English, "Jesús, if beaners are willing to pay big money to stay here, we can rake it in selling green cards."
Charlie's eyes widened. "I think we've hit it, Jack. I think Pancho here is our pot of gold."
Jack took out the piece of paper Señora Huertez had tried to give Inez. "Do you think he'll lead us to this Baca guy?" he asked Charlie.
"I think so."
"It's worth a try," Jack added, then switched his tongue to Spanish. He showed Rodolpho the paper and asked, "Do you know this telephone number, señor?"
"How do I know you'll let me go?" Rodolpho asked. "I might tell you everything I know and then you'll be dishonest with me. I know how policemen operate. I used to be a policeman in México."
Charlie pulled out a phony immigration card. "Have you ever seen one of these?"
"Un míca? Sí."
"We'll give you one. You pay nothing."
"Nada? For my information?"
"Yes."
"And my picture? How will I get my picture on the card?" 
"Jesus," Charlie said in English. Then, in Spanish, "We're giving you something that costs hundreds of dollars! People in your shoes would love one of these for free. Take it and tell us what you know."
Rodolpho accepted the card. "The number you showed me, it's the number of my coyote."
"We did it, Jack!" Charlie was elated. "This could mean a promotion!"
"Tell me," Jack asked Rodolpho. "Does this Baca keep any records that you know of?"
"What kind of records?"
"Books. Does he write anything down when you pay him?”
"He has the names of everybody he steals money from written down."
"Fuck the promotions," Jack told Charlie, "We're gonna be fuckin' rich, man."
"Rich? How?"
"Take over where Baca's gonna leave off, man. You heard how much they pay this beaner. Jesus L. Pifko, man! We're gonna clean up!"
In his excitement, Yaray squeezed Rodolpho's arm and came face to face with him.
"Señor, can you call Baca?"
"Sí."
"Bueno." Jack said. He asked Rodolpho to set up a meeting with Baca at a bar that same night. When Rodolpho agreed, Jack's eyes beamed. He felt dreams of early retirement tugging at his coat.


The hour was nearing eleven o'clock. The bar was catering to a small clientele that included Rodolpho, Jack and Charlie.
Rodolpho sat alone at the bar between two well-dressed women who were talking to their male friends. He felt uncomfortably conspicuous in his work clothes, smelling of body odor that had been with him throughout the day.
Yaray kept his eyes on Rodolpho while sitting with Charlie at a table near the bar. At one point he leaned to Charlie and told him, "If he makes the slightest move for the door, shoot him."
Rodolpho drank his whiskey, trying to devise a method in his mind to look behind him without Yaray and Charlie knowing he was checking their presence.
He worried about Baca showing up.
When he had called the coyóte, he had told him that money had suddenly become available to pay Baca in full. Baca complained about being dragged away from his sleep. But, greedy as he was, he was not going to miss the chance to walk to the corner bar and pick up his money.
Rodolpho was surprised that his nerves had been anesthetized by the whiskey. What he had been through tonight would probably strengthen his nerves for any future dangers. And besides, he was going to get a míca. The citizenship card was going to help eliminate fear of the mígra-monsters forever.
When Baca entered the bar his back was erect and his stomach was in to impress the women. He walked up to Rodolpho and placed a hand on his shoulder. After three whiskeys, it took Rodolpho a second to react, but he followed the coyóte to a table.
Baca, eager to return to bed, extended his hand out right. "All right, give me the money."
Rodolpho searched his pockets to find the envelope Yaray had handed to him before coming to the bar.
Baca grunted, "Ándele, brúto! I'm in a hurry."
Yaray and Spacek walked in a slow pace toward them. When Baca took out a black spiral booklet from his coat pocket, the two agents moved in.
Using the most polite English, Yaray leaned on their table and asked quietly, "Would you two gentlemen like to step outside?"
Rodolpho asked for a translation, but Baca ignored him and asked what was wanted of him.
"Nothing, man. Just get your ass off that chair and follow us outside."
Baca sat deeper in his chair. "I don't have to go with you! What are you, cops?"
"Exactly," Charlie said, flashing his badge.
Baca looked at Yaray. "We're not doing anything illegal here."
"Just step outside, man, and we'll find out."
"I'm not going anywhere."
Yaray pushed himself away from the table. Then he looked at Charlie as he referred to Baca: "He's not going anywhere."
But as he spoke these words, his mood changed and he lunged at Baca, grabbing his coat and dragging him outside. Rodolpho and Charlie walked behind.
Outside, Yaray threw Baca against the wall.
"What the fuck are you doing, man?" Baca shouted. "I didn't do anything."
Yaray held Baca against the wall at arm's length and said, "Tell us about it, Baca."
"What?"
Charlie looked at Rodolpho and asked in Spanish, "Is this the coyote who's been blackmailing you?"
"Sí."
Baca tried to swing at Rodolpho, but Yaray stopped him. He slammed him against the wall again and began to search his pockets for the notebook and money.
He found the notebook first. When he opened it, he smiled at the money all the Spanish surnames represented.
"These, I take it, are your customers."
"I don't get you."
"Don't bullshit us, Baca. We're on to you."
He held up the notebook to Charlie, raising his eyebrows at the riches they were both inheriting. Then, after placing the booklet into his pocket, he began to search Baca again.
After patting the man up and down three times, he finally asked Baca, “What did you do with the money?"
He answered innocently. "What money? What're you talking about? I just came to have a social drink with my friend."
Yaray looked at Charlie and pointed to Rodolpho. "He screwed it up."
Charlie looked at Rodolpho. "What did you do with the money we gave you to give to Baca?"
Baca laughed at this loophole. "You stupid pútos. He was looking for it when you came to us."
Yaray kept his smile. "Then you're admitting that you were there to accept money."
"I'm not saying anything."
Rodolpho took the envelope of money he was given out of his back pocket. Charlie grabbed the envelope quickly and called out, "Hey, Baca!"
Baca turned and caught the envelope Charlie had tossed at him. Yaray took it from his hands and said, "What's this?" He opened it as he kept his eyes on Baca and said, "Look at all this money."
In Spanish, he asked Rodolpho,  "Is this your money? Say, sí.'"
"Sí."
"Now we've got you, Baca."
“Wait a minute. You're not serious about this, are you? That money isn't mine."
"We know that. That's why you're in trouble, guy."
"But you didn't find it on me, man. That guy threw it to me."
"It was in your hands when I took it from you. Possession is nine points against you, guy."
Baca kept shouting, "You're not framing me like this." Then, in Spanish, "I'm going to kill you for this, Rodolpho. I'm going to kill you if you don't tell them I was just visiting you at the bar. Tell them! ‘Andéle! Tell them!"
When Yaray took out the handcuffs, Baca squirmed. "This is entrapment," he said. "You can't do this to me."
"We're doing it."
Yaray had to struggle to get the handcuffs on Baca's wrists. When he finished, he shoved Baca to Charlie. "Take this into the car."
Baca now cursed at Rodolpho. "Tú! Pínche cabrón! Tú ére un híjo de la chingáda. Pínche cabrón, púto, maráno! I'm going to kill you for doing this to me. I'm going to get out in a matter of days and then you'd better watch yourself. Don't walk down the streets alone, because I'm going to be in back of you with a gun!" He kept shouting even after Charlie tied a handkerchief over his mouth.
Yaray placed a hand on Rodolpho's shoulder and told him not to worry. He was sure Baca would not get out of jail for a long time.
When Rodolpho looked at Baca for the last time, Baca's face was staring coldly at him from the car. Rodolpho just waved with a clown's grin on his face. He was glad to see his problem driven out of his life.
CHAPTER NINETEEN
Opening the door of the hotel's vestibule, Rodolpho felt secure. After this long day, he was relieved to think Gabriél was still at the factory and that he would have the bed all to himself.
In his nervousness, he could hardly get the key into the lock. Once doing so, he swung open the door, glad to be away from the world again.
He immediately noticed two naked bodies in wrestling activity on the bed, one on top of the other. The girl looked at Rodolpho with a glassy stare as she concentrated on reaching the peak of her coital climax. She let Gabriél thrust himself  inside her a little longer in hopes she could enjoy it quickly and then scream at the intruder. But the figure at the door was distracting and, for the lack of a phrase, she shouted a jam of words that were unintelligible. Gabriel thrusted until Inez pushed him off her and covered her breasts with a pillow.
Rodolpho recognized Gabriél slowly through the shadow that covered the bed. He heard Gabriél yell to him, "Get out of here!" and he backed away, closing the door after him. He had the rattled feelings of a boy caught peeking through windows as he leaned against the corridor wall.
He waited in the corridor, sitting on the floor reading pieces of paper he had saved in his wallet over the years. When the last bit of paper was read, he knocked on the door.
There was a long pause before Gabriél opened the door for him. He and Inez had been on the bed kissing away their last moments of privacy. Now Inez had gone into the bathroom to dress.
Rodolpho slipped into the room and asked Gabriél, "How did you get out?" He saw Inez come out of the bathroom tugging her skirt and buttoning her blouse and almost didn't hear Gabriél's answer.
"I dressed up like a gringo," Gabriél said, "and walked past la mígra like nothing. And you?"
Rodolpho kept looking at Inez until she smiled at him. Finally he said, "I just walked out. I was tired of feeling like a caged animal."
Inez liked the sound of that and laughed at his independence.
Gabriél coiled around Inez to feel secure. He asked if she was feeling better. Rodolpho, not thinking of anything but sleep, sat on the bed before asking Inez if she had been feeling ill. She said that she had only felt sad because the immigration had taken her friend away.
"She's a pitiful person," Inez told Gabriél. "I get sad when I think of all the things she told me she went through to get here, to stay here. And her children are alone."
"She’ll be fine," Gabriél answered. "Look on the brighter side, chúla. They didn't take me."
"But they took her! I can't be glad about that."
"I can!"
Inez was annoyed. "Gabriél, don't start sounding selfish now. I can't take that!"
There was a pause.
Inez told Rodolpho about the slip of paper and Yaray's stubbornness. She almost brought herself to tears again when she told her regrets about the telephone number.
“Who's number was it?" Rodolpho asked her. "Do you know?"
"I don't remember the name."
"What did la mígra look like?"
"A blond gríngo."
Rodolpho asked if the name she couldn't remember was Baca. She nodded and said she thought that was it.
"That's my uncle," Gabriél said proudly.
"La señora said that I should tell him about her children," Inez told him. "Maybe he should know."
"Maybe," Gabriél said. "I know the number." Inez felt angry because she did not know this before. "We're wasting time, pués. Come on, let's call him."
"You can't," Rodolpho said. "He was arrested."
Inez sighed at the disappointment. "He was our only hope."
"Who took him?" Gabriél asked.
"La immigracíon."
"It figures," Inez said. "Those pútos would take a man who helped la raza."
"He was a thief," Rodolpho corrected. When Gabriel and Inez looked at him, Rodolpho said it stronger. "He was a thief."
"My uncle," Gabriél fumed, "was not like that. Don't start talking about my family. If it wasn't for him, you'd still be in México."
"He brought all the Mexicános who work at the factory from México for a price," Rodolpho informed Inez. "Then he threatened to send them back if they didn't pay him more."
Gabriél exploded. "Get out! Get out! I don't want you to live here anymore. I don't like anybody who doesn't appreciate kindness from my family."
Inez asked Gabriél, "Did your uncle bring Señora Huertez, too?"
Gabriél shrugged. "Pués, probably. I don't know."
"One of her problems was trying to get enough money together to pay your uncle."
"Inez," Gabriél purred. "I don’t believe that. Don't start quoting things you don't understand."
"She told me that he offered to be her sister's pimp if he brought her over so she could pay Señora Huertez's debts."
"All that is his business. It doesn't concern me."
"Doesn't concern you?" Inez said, surprised. "Really?? You would let your uncle cheat la ráza,  Gabriél?  Your own people? Como un marínche?"
Gabriél's reflexes prompted him to slap Inez for calling his uncle a traitor.
Rodolpho rushed in. Gabriél swung at him, but Rodolpho weaved back. He saw Gabriél's face was unprotected and hit him hard enough to send him to the floor. When Gabriél looked up, Rodolpho was apologetic.
"I'm sorry, joven," he said softly then pointed a stern finger his way. "You don’t hit women! And she’s not lying. You’ve had to have known the truth."
"No," Gabriél screamed, and he went for Rodolpho again. Rodolpho pushed him onto the bed and screamed for him to settle down.
"Stay there," he said as he gathered his clothes from the chairs and closet. Placing them in a shopping bag, he told Gabriél, "I can't stay here anymore. You're reminding me of your uncle. You think the way he must have thought when he was your age. And you don't see how ugly that is."
"Get out," Gabriél said.
"Think, joven. Think about your future. It doesn't only concern you, it concerns your people, too."
"Get out!"
"Tell him, señorita," he advised Inez. "If you care about him, don't let him make you like him."
Gabriél leaped at him once more, but Rodolpho caught his fist. Without a word, he threw Gabriél onto the bed and walked out.
Gabriél steamed around the room, pacing up and down, kicking furniture. Inez could only watch him from a chair in the corner of the room.
When he settled, he maneuvered himself to Inez's lap and placed his head on it. He wanted to be soothed by the woman who, he thought, had been impressed by his display of family loyalty.
But Inez refused him. She told him, "He's right, you know. Your uncle must have been just like you."
Gabriél moved toward her. She turned and made eye contact. "If you knew about your uncle, why didn't you do anything?"
"Pués, tell me, if I did, what could I do? I don't have anything to tell him. It's his life, not mine."
Inez almost choked on his ironic confusion.
"Gabriél," she said strongly. "You are a Méxicáno living in los Estádos Unídos. People like you are being robbed, cheated, beaten up and used by everyone here. Haven't you seen that? Haven't you experienced any of that?
"I get worried because I've lived en los Estádos Unídos all my life, and I've always seen people who come from México treated like children because they don't know the American ways. They're treated like dogs because most of them come illiterate from the ranches. I've seen it happen from my nice, comfortable house and I care! You are a Mexicáno de México, and you don't care?"
"Pués, I have my own life to live," Gabriél answered after careful thought.
"I don't want to be with those people. I've been around them all my life. I'm tired of them. I want to live differently. I want to get everything there is to get. I don't want to grow old and poor like those other people. I can't think about them until I get all that I want."
Inez shook her head again.
"I think I'm finished here," she told him. "I think I know you well enough to say that I don't like you very much."
Gabriél chuckled. "Then what was all that in bed?"
"Stupidity!" Inez barked back. "I knew it was coming. I saw what kind of a person you are, but I still stayed with you, dammit! Maybe I thought you'd be different once I knew you better. I didn't think anyone could be as ignorant as you are right now."
He moved to hit her, but she pointed at him. "There, you see? You're going to tell me 'I'm not stupid,' and then you're going to try to prove it by hitting me - a stupid man's solution."
"What would you have done? He's my uncle, and I was raised that you don't question your elders. You stand by your family!."
"Not even if he's murdering people? That's what happens, almost. People like him get their victims and lock them into a deal they can't live with. It's like death!"
Then Inez covered her face. "Let's not argue about it anymore. I'll only get mad at myself for not knowing Baca was your tío. I could have met him. And if I had met him, maybe I could have stopped him."
She thought of a possibility. "Maybe it was right in front of my face. If I hadn't been concerned about other things, maybe I could have seen it."
"What distracted you, chúla? I think you're only making excuses."
She hesitated. She didn't want to inflate his ego more than it was already, but she let it go.
"I was falling in love with you!" she said, and then wanted to run away from the embarrassment of it all. She had said it too quickly. She could feel this one single sentence of truth raping her sophistication. All the barriers were down, and she was unsure of herself. Even though she felt that this was the wrong time to tell him, she stood by her words and planned to see the situation through.
Gabriél's chest heated as if a turning point in his life had just been draped over him. This was the proof he had been waiting for. He put on a coat of suave and said, " Tú sabes qué? I'm in love with you, too."
But instead of embracing him, Inez moved away. "I'm regretting that I ever met you."
Gabriél couldn't understand, and she saw it on his face.
"Now I'm seeing what kind of man you are and I'm seeing what I'm becoming in this relationship, Gabriel. I'm thinking of myself as your woman instead of my own person. I never thought I'd do that again. I've placed you before my writing and my painting and my ability to think."
"You're not talking plainly," Gabriél said. "If you love me as much as I think you do, you'll be glad to forget your painting and writing."
"But I don't want to forget them."
"But when you have me, you won't mind forgetting about them."
"Then I don't want you."
His smile dimmed.
"Wait a minute," he said. He had to set himself straight with the circumstances, "I love you and you love me, but you don't want me?"
She covered her eyes with her hand, regretting telling him anything. But she confessed, "You're special to me, Gabriél, but you're not the one for me. I shouldn't have been with you so much. I knew all along that I couldn't make room for you in my life."
She was reciting Germaine Greer, and of course he couldn't understand. "Make room?" he asked. "Talk plainly."
"I have this dream," she admitted haltingly. "I want to be a part of the Chicano changes that are taking place. I want to be wherever la ráza is fighting for rights. I can only do that with my painting and my writing and fighting any way I can! All my attentions have to be on those three things and for that one purpose. If any one person is going to be with me all of the time, he has to at least be interested in la ráza. You have no feelings at all, just selfishness. And I can't live with that."
He was weakened to the point where he could only sigh in answer. He suddenly realized that if she left him now, he would be totally alone. She was deserting him, he felt, and he cursed at her to stop his pain. He looked at her with stern eyes. He started to shake his head. "I'm not going to beg you," he said.
"I don't want you to."
"You're the woman here! I'm not the one who's supposed to beg."
"I don't beg either."
"I can throw out a woman just like that. I don't need any of this nonsense."
"Do you want to throw me out?"
She was surprised when he rushed to the door and opened it for her.
"You can leave right now," he told her.
She knew she would never see him like this again, but she cared enough to leave advice for him. "Someday you're going to learn, Gabriél," she said.
"Learn what?"
"That you're going to have to fight for other people, rather than just for yourself."
"I’ll fight for them after I make my first million dólares," he said.
As she was closing the door behind her, she said, "By the time that happens, you'll forget what dignity is."
Gabriél kicked the door closed behind her. He was angered by what she had said, but he resented her leaving without tears even more.
It was hours before his anger subsided. Without thinking, he entered the shower, letting the water splash over his face and clear his mind. Then he dressed and walked the streets until twelve. He tried buying beer at the liquor stores, but no one would sell it to him. When he arrived back home, he stayed awake three more hours.
He was refusing to pine for her. He would not make regrets for himself over what he should and should not have said. His loss, he thought, could be regained with someone else. If Inez was not happy with him, it was due to a defect on her part. Her dislikes were of no importance to him. She was the loser.
In the morning he thought about Inez out of habit. Recalling that she had gone, he began to ache without understanding why. Thoughts which jeopardized his manhood formed in his head. All day he had moments of deep, painful regret.
CHAPTER TWENTY
Rodolpho visited Octavio's apartment with the intention of staying. Octavio welcomed him heartily. He gave him food and homeland tequila and talked incessantly about the eccentrics living in his building. Rodolpho half-listened. He realized he was going to live with a lonely man now.
The conversation seldom came from Rodolpho, but when he had the chance, he told Octavio about Baca's arrest. He explained his role in the capture, and showed him the reward Yaray and Spacek had given him.
When Octavio inspected the green card closely, he laughed at it. It was a phony, he said. No immigration officer sells them on the street.
Rodolpho's heart sank. He had thought the immigration was not going to be his problem anymore. He had looked forward to it.
He should relax and be thankful that Baca was gone, Octavio told him. At least Rodolpho could be proud he had helped put him away.
Octavio and Rodolpho told no one of Baca's arrest. A week went by before anyone noticed the coyóte was not collecting his money. When his pay day came again, his customers waited in their houses with payments set aside for him. When he did not come to collect on the Saturday, people became curious. On Sunday, people began to call his house.
Baca's wife did not know how to lie about her husband. He had kept her out of his affairs through all their years together and had always discouraged her from mentioning his business. This frazzled limbo had made her so naive that she seemed ignorant and slow. So, when Baca's clients began to call she held her breath before she spoke, hoping she was about to do the right thing. She told them the "truth" that her husband had told her.
Baca was in jail, she told them. He had been arrested for accepting blackmail money from a man named Rodolpho Marcias.
The women callers expressed their sympathies to the jail-widow and then laughed for joy the second they placed the phone back into its cradle. They told their men who told others who told others, and soon Rodolpho was pulled back into the good graces of the community. There were those who swore to others that they had known all along that Rodolpho was not a coward, and who were quick to say hello to him when they saw him again.
Now that he was in jail, Baca did not have the money to bail himself out. He couldn't even find friends who had money to bail him out. He had never considered hiring a lawyer for emergencies like this. He was tried twice - once for smuggling illegal aliens across the border and once for extortion. With the address book as evidence in both cases, stating names, addresses and fees, Baca was sentenced to prison for many years.
Jack Yaray and Charlie Spacek made two Xerox copies of the address book as soon as they confiscated it. It was going to be, as Yaray repeatedly said, their "ticket to the big money." They were counting on becoming millionaires within six months. As a team, they went over every name in the two hundred and ninety-six page notebook and proceeded to do their field work.
Knocking on doors like salesmen, they flashed their badges to the illegal aliens who answered. In their most frightening seriousness they would ask the usual questions about immigration status. After the motions of an arrest were made and the scare had registered, the two men offered another way out. Then the sales pitch for the bogus green card was made.
Some illegals jumped at it. Others were doubtful and backed away from the men. Usually those refusing the cards found themselves under actual arrest and were driven to the Mexican border within the next twenty-four hours. But this was only after Yaray and Spacek tried every eloquent sales pitch they could think of.
Those deported were missed at the factory. Crews that were once sufficiently filled with workers were left short-handed. The work was not being done fast enough, so they had to work twice as hard until Silvers could find another coyóte to get him more laborers.
Each day it seemed someone new had been taken away. The workers discussed the casualties as they were reported. Women of the sewing pool shed tears for those who were good friends and spoke good riddance for those who were hated. The people who had already been visited by Jack and Charlie considered those who had refused the cards as lunatics or martyrs. Those who had not yet been called upon awaited their fate as if it were as inevitable as death
As the weeks passed the people began to realize the gravity of their situation. Marriages and love affairs were affected. Children were being left behind with no one to care for them.
Small groups who had talked lightly about the casualties were now beginning to argue and agree on their rights as hard working people. Out of these discussions, confessions were being told and repeated by word-of-mouth: Spacek and Yaray had threatened a few lives. Prices of the cards had been compared and were discovered to vary. Some of the illegals who had doubted the authenticity of the card said they had bought it just to escape deportation. A few mentioned that Yaray and Spacek had gotten their names from Rodolpho Marcias.
Gradually Rodolpho's name was mentioned more often. Even those who knew nothing began to form theories. It was finally settled that Rodolpho was an undercover agent for the immigration department and had a major role in the arrest of all those who had been deported. Rodolpho was taken down from his pedestal once again.
Nearly everyone kept their distance from him again, but this time there were no threats or practical jokes. No one wanted to cross him to the point where he would become angry and list more names for the bus back to México.
Rodolpho noticed the distance between himself and the people but did not worry about it. By now he had developed a sharp cynicism about people. He did not want to take part in their games anymore. He wanted to be strong and prepare himself for the battles of people's rights, for future challenges to his dignity.
By the time Yaray had earned enough for a new wardrobe and Spacek had bought his daughter a two-year-old car, the immigration office had heard about the Silvers factory. Plans were made early Wednesday to raid the building on Thursday morning. An orange bulletin was passed throughout the department commanding all unassigned agents to take part.
When Jack and Charlie received their bulletins they looked at each other as if Christmas had been cancelled. They decided not to take part. It would be very hard to explain, they decided, if the "wrong" person from the department saw a prisoner talking to Charlie or Jack, asking why the green cards they had sold them were not valid. They decided to merely walk the premises and let others do the arresting
On Wednesday, the two tried to make the most of their last day. Yaray's need for a new motorcycle and Spacek's need for a video-cassette unit prompted them to make one last round. They vowed to break their daily sales record of eighteen cards.
CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE
In Yaray's unoccupied office a female clerk placed typed matter on his desk. She kept an eye on the outer office to be certain no one was watching her. She walked casually around the desk looking for the orange bulletin that she knew had been passed out. When she found it, she read it quickly and memorized the information on Thursday's raid. The bulletin only listed the location and a slight description of procedure, but the time had yet to be announced.
Walking out, she came upon an immigration agent friend of hers who she knew would tell her everything if she were to ask in the "right" spirit.
"When are you taking me out to lunch?" she asked him, placing her mouth in the proper sensual position.
The man moved closer. "Tell me where and we'll go right now."
"Oh, I can't today. Or tomorrow. How about Thursday?"
With regret in his voice, he said, "Nope, I can't Thursday. I'll be busy."
"Doing what?"
"Picking up people at a factory downtown."
"Well I can get off early, about eleven. Maybe we can go eat lunch before you go."
"I'll be there at eleven. The thing's gonna start about nine. But how 'bout dinner at my place?"
"Oh, I can't for dinner. I'm gonna go to my parents' house all week. I promised them."
As he backed away, he said, "Some other time." The girl waited a respectable time before going to a phone. When she reached Latinos Unídos head-quarters, she asked to speak to Sammy.
When Sammy answered, his wife gave him the information he wanted. He wrote it on the back of a newsletter and handed it to another Chicano at the desk next to his. The Chicano, anxious to get back to his paperwork, handed it to a secretary who rushed it to Bobby Peña.
After reading the information given him, Bobby called the newspapers and television stations. He told them the details of the immigration department's plans to raid the factory and then informed them of Latinos Unídos' intention to picket it. In the interim he told his secretary to get hold of volunteers. He advised her to get help doing it because, happily, there were many. He ordered signs to be painted and sound equipment to be borrowed so that the voice of the demonstration could be heard. After calling all Los Angeles television stations, he checked and double-checked every detail he had assigned. He wanted this first  venture of this  new department of Latinos Unidos to be a success.
He was no longer nervous about the organization and its people. He had been frightened that the interest and efforts of its members would slowly dwindle out of apathy. But now he was sitting back and enjoying the hum of activity in the outer office which meant that the volunteers were working earnestly toward their dream.
He caught himself sinking into these ego games. He shook it out of his system and went back to work. He wanted to concentrate all of his energy into having Thursday's demonstration play out with dynamic precision.
Preoccupation to duty reigned at L.U. headquarters, and no one noticed a young man picking up the telephone to call CALMA. He had come to visit friends and had witnessed their planning procedures. He was not a spy, but felt like one when he had to speak softer than his normal telephone voice to the secretary who answered.
He told her to inform Camacho that Latinos Unidos were planning a huge demonstration at a factory on 7th and San Pedro. He asked her to make special note that television and newspapers would probably be there, and if Camacho hurried, he could gather some publicity for CALMA, too.
After the message was received, the secretary spent the rest of the hour trying to locate Camacho by phone. He had been sleeping at a new girlfriend's house and could find no energy to gather volunteers to march in a protest of any kind. He made claims to his secretary that it was already too late to get a successful party together before Thursday.
He was about to hang up when he heard the girl mention the press. Raphael brightened. He gained energy miraculously. He suddenly felt a great need to make an effort for Latino dignity.
He was jealous of Bobby's growing popularity and could not stand to lose any of his own. Many CALMA people were moving toward Latinos Unidos and Camacho knew that he needed all the publicity he could get to save himself and CALMA.
Making excuses to his balloon-breasted girlfriend, he untangled himself from the blankets and dashed to CALMA.
CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO
Gabriél wandered slowly into the factory Thursday morning. It was July, and the afternoon heat was not something to look forward to. He was going to be working in an unventilated room for almost ten hours. The day before, he was told by an interpreter that his rent was overdue and that he would be evicted if he did not pay it by Saturday. He did not miss Rodolpho, but his half of the rent was sorely missed.
His spirit was making his mind wander and was adding weight to his feet as he climbed the stairs. In the work room he walked through the maze of sewing machines while looking at Inez. He said hello to her and tried to make her laugh with funny small talk. But his attempts at winning her back were futile. She ignored him today as she had ignored him every day since their goodbye. She had even grown to dislike him.
Between Rodolpho and Octavio, the latter was more sensitive to the people's hostility. He was quick to identify the scowls and the gritting teeth behind tight lips. He was extra careful about keeping his distance from the group of men who had threatened him for associating with Rodolpho. Rodolpho knew this and was growing tired of it all.
"We should leave here as quickly as possible," he said. "We'll buy a newspaper after work and look for other jobs. We can't go on living like this."
"I've thought of that, too," Octavio said. "But how are we going to live in the meantime?"
"Just one of us could quit work and the other could support me," Rodolpho laughed.
At eight-thirty the followers of Latinos Unidos began to line up in front of the factory. Twenty minutes later-the first immigration cars and buses began to arrive.
When the KNXT camera team arrived, the reporter led his crew around while deciding where to film his opening and closing statements.
A Mexicáno lighting a cigarette by the gate noticed the chaos that was by then almost blocking the street. His eyes wandered to the L.U. group who were carrying signs. One sign read, "Change Immigration Laws Now!" Another read, "Immigration Laws Are Blind To Human Rights!"
Of those words, the Mexicáno understood "Immigration" and became curious. He wandered out of the shipping yard and looked down the street. When he saw the immigration men and the buses in the distance, he ran to warn the others. "Aí viene la immigración!"
But the men only glanced up and went back to their jobs again.
"La immigración," he told the men.
Some moved slowly into the factory so as not to call attention to themselves. Some men did not move at all.
Rodolpho lifted his head and called to Octavio on the loading dock. "La immigración is here again!" Octavio dropped what he was holding and rushed to hide.
The few who were meandering to hiding places tried to urge their friends to hide. The ones who refused believed the green cards Yaray and Spacek had sold them were real. It was not until it was too late that they realized that this was not so. They were approached and asked the usual questions. But when green cards were presented, the immigration men smiled. Some cruelly laughed and placed the cards in their pockets. When the word spread that the cards were no good, a mad dash was made for the building.
The agents grabbed the running men and wrestled them to the ground and handcuffed them quickly. Other agents used their football mentalities and tackled men who ran too fast. When television cameras began to film the action though, better manners were suddenly employed.
Bobby Peña led the chanting across the street. Again and again, louder and still louder, the words "save the immigrants" bawled from megaphones and loudspeakers. Other people began arriving to lend support or to watch. First and second TV units covered both the immigration raid and Latino Unidos' protest.
Carrying a bolt of fabric with five other men, Gabriel was stopped by a woman who had come to the top floor to warn everyone. "Aí viene la immígracion.'"
All six men let the bolt drop with a thunderous thud. They joined other frantic people who were either unsure of their new green cards or who had none at all. Everyone scrambled to safety. A red light that was supposed to warn them early in a raid flashed, then failed after three seconds.
Gabriél ran to help with the ladder. He wanted to be the first on the roof. A burly man reached it at the same time, and together they placed it on the bench and tried to get on at the same time. Gabriél had to push back others who were trying to escape. He screamed and shouted for everyone to stay back. He was first!
Inez was angry at how frenzied the people had become because of the raid. She wanted to cry for them and stop the immigration from causing their humiliation.
When Flores saw Inez untying her apron and leaving her sewing machine, he fumed.
"What are you doing?" he yelled. "You're not illegal. Get back to work."
"I'm sick of this," she told him. "I don't want to work here anymore."
"Why? What's the matter?"
She pointed to the people climbing the ladder. "I have to do something about that. I can't be a part of it anymore. I can't just sit back and let it happen."
Flores was confused. "Don't worry about them. They're just dumb chuntes. They come here expecting this."
Inez heard him as she was walking away and retraced her steps. She stood looking into his eyes for a second, then slapped his face.
"All right," Flores shouted, grabbing her arm and rushing her towardsthe exit. "You're fired!"
Inez yanked her arm away from his weak grip and walked out of the factory feeling an artist's sorrow and anger. She wanted to move in a positive direction. She wanted to express herself.
When she saw the protestors across the street, she joined them and shouted their words. Later she added her own, and others repeated them. But even this was not enough for her.
Once Gabriél was on the roof,  he turned and looked at all four corners. People began following him out of the hatch and sitting on the gravel of the rooftop. It was as if the people were waiting for the danger to go away.
Others went to the railing and checked the distance to the roof across the alley. He walked slowly to take his place among them.
He heard the people speak their fear of jumping. "But if it has to be done," he heard a man say, "then it has to be done."
Gabriél studied the distance and felt the need to be the first to jump. His head wanted to move but his feet did not.
"I can't stand this," he heard a young man standing next to him say. "I can't go on like this."
Gabriél was not sure whether the young man expected to be answered. "La mígra," he told him, "is almost at our backs, and we're standing here hesitating."
"Are you going to jump?" the man asked Gabriél.
Gabriél pointed to the man who had said it before. "If it has to be done, it has to be done."
"I'm pretending I have a choice," the young man said. "But I know I didn't come all the way from Salamanca just to go all the way back again."
"Salamanca must be like Cocorit. There is nothing to go back to, no?"
The young man nodded. "I just turned twenty and I came to the decision before I came here that I've been without many things for too long. So what am I doing working in this factory? Baca is in jail. I don't have to pay him anymore. I'm not married, so I can go where I choose."
"You're like me," Gabriél told him.
"Pués, if you hate this job too, compa’, leave it. There's nothing keeping you here. There's a place over there in Beverly Hills that has jobs for guys who want to drive for rich people, sometimes even movie stars."
Gabriél's eyes widened. The idea of being near wealth sounded fine. This job in the factory was a poor man's living. He was surrounded by poor people. He had not come to the United States to live in poverty.
"Will you take me with you to this place?" he asked. The young man agreed and the two stared at the opposite roof together. Neither wanted to be the first to jump.
Hector Fidel came to the railing unafraid. He had made these jumps to the roof every immigration raid. Men and women who sat on the gravel applauded him. Gabriél remembered him from his first immigration scare nearly a year before.
The people watched as he climbed the railing and prepared to leap. The men and girls who were afraid to jump before had found encouragement. The young man and Gabriél were the last to make ready.
"Aim straight for the roof, past the edge," Hector said aloud to himself, but the others heard it and did so.
"Uno..." Hector counted. "Dos. . . y. . . Tres!"
When he leaped, women screamed and then joined the men in applause when he made it. The others followed. The young man with Gabriél finally made his leap, and Gabriél followed.
As Gabriél soared through the air he realized that something was wrong. He reached for the edge in fear. His forearms hit the concrete top of the building and his chest slammed against the edge of the wall. He felt hands grabbing for his shirt sleeves. His hands held onto the edge, but his grip was not firm. Panic brought him to tears. From far away he heard his own voice scream as he felt himself falling to the ground. He landed on his back and died with his eyes open wide in surprise.
When he was later discovered, he had nothing in his wallet to identify him. When shown pictures of his dead body, no one in the factory remembered him.
Weeks later, Gabriél Ortega was buried as a John Doe. No one who had known him missed him. The mígra-monster had swallowed him whole.


When Octavio and Rodolpho arrived on the sixth floor, both were breathless. Octavio sat on a sewing machine and told his friend, "You know the roof really isn't the place to be."
"But that's where everybody goes."
"And when there's an earthquake, everybody goes to the streets and they aren't safe, either. So we need a place where nobody goes, where no one can find us."
Octavio led Rodolpho back to the third floor warehouse, fighting through the people who were on their way up. Octavio poked his head inside and checked for immigration. When he entered, Rodolpho followed closely.
In the room were boxes and shelves of used or overstocked fabric arranged in a labyrinthine maze. The two men separated to find hiding places.
When Octavio found an empty drum, he announced it to Rodolpho in a loud whisper. A voice from one of the boxes on the shelves told him to be quiet, for the immigration men had just come in.
When Rodolpho found a drum, it was covered with fabric scraps. When he dug them out so he could hide under them, he found a woman in a fetal position praying that she would not be caught. The woman looked up and recognized Rodolpho. She had heard about him and thought the immigration had uncovered her. She screamed in a hysterical tone: "La mígra! La mígra! They've caught me! Por favor! Somebody help me!"
Rodolpho heard footsteps rushing toward the woman's screams. He covered the woman as best he could and began to run. As he turned the corner, he saw two immigration men at the other end of the aisle. Rodolpho sprinted to his right and hoped he remembered the way out of the maze.
Through one of the openings he saw the door and raced for it. An agent who spotted him fired one shot into the air. Rodolpho stopped with his hands up. A voice of authority ordered the agents to hold their fire.
When the shot was fired, everyone who thought the shot was meant solely for them came out running. Those who felt secure in their hiding places stayed there and escaped.
A whistle blew and startled Rodolpho. A low voice amplified by a bull horn spoke in American-accented Spanish.
"WE ARE THE OFFICERS OF THE IMMIGRATION DEPARTMENT. STAY WHERE YOU ARE. STAY CALM. THERE IS NO USE TRYING TO ESCAPE US. YOU ARE ALL UNDER ARREST."
Out of the maze came three fleeing men who passed by Rodolpho. Rodolpho turned and saw that no one was holding a gun on him. He ran with the three to the door.
He heard whistles blare and immigration voices shouting. He knew that attention was being called to him. He fixed his eyes on the door and the mob trying to get through it.
Struggling people worked fists, legs and arms in an effort to be the first one out the door. Rodolpho clenched his hands and thought of the people as rocks as he hit bodies all around him. He jabbed his elbows into faces and ribs. He stepped over and between people. Squeezing his frame deeper into the tight cluster, he reached for the doorway with an out stretched arm that he wished was elastic. He looked over his shoulder and saw immigration agents coming. He worked his elbows harder, then reached with both arms for the outside. He tried to squeeze his upper torso free, but an army of fingers were pulling him back into the crowd. His body lunged forward, but the fingers seemed to grow in number and strength. He felt himself drowning amid the others, swallowed alive in human quicksand.
He was singled out by a blue-suited mígra-man who took sole charge of him and dragged his body far away from the others. Another man wrapped his arms around Rodolpho while the first man placed the handcuffs. Then Rodolpho was led to a group of other handcuffed people who sat in mournful silence.
Rodolpho couldn't find Octavio in the group, and he took pleasure in thinking he had escaped.
Finally, when la mígra felt confident that their job was done on this floor, they herded their prisoners like school children and told them in a condescending manner to walk slowly down the stairs. Rodolpho fixed his eyes on the ground and was embarrassed to see his captors talking over their victory. He nearly let his anger fly as they looked at their bounty and laughed. He felt like an animal.
When he was led into the immigration bus, he saw sad and familiar faces staring outside. Others joked when they saw friends coming on board.
"Oh, they got you, too," he heard people say to others.
"Hey, look who thought he was so smart, eh?"
When they saw Rodolpho come in, everyone stopped for a few seconds, then slowly went back to their business. They realized that Rodolpho had not been working for the immigration after all,
When Rodolpho sat down, he placed a shoulder against the window pane and hypnotized himself with the action that was taking place outside. He kept envying the birds who were able to fly away from the scene and aimed jealousy at the people across the street for merely witnessing the raid. He wished he were merely watching, too.
Bobby Peña kept his people marching and chanting. He was pleased when three separate newspaper reporters asked him question about his purpose, but he waited for the television news. He knew television was the only device to get this exposed to the general public, the mass of non-readers.
From out of the jumbled confusion of television news crews, a reporter from KMEX, a local Spanish-language station, approached Bobby. When he asked for an interview, Bobby agreed anxiously. As an afterthought, the reporter asked if Bobby spoke Spanish. Bobby nodded curiously to the Chicano, who smiled and explained, "You don't have any idea how many Chicanos don't speak Spanish."
Bobby laughed kindly as the reporter positioned him for the camera. He waited a few seconds for the crew to set up, then asked Bobby, "What are you trying to prove here today?"
"Pues," he began, "it's not actually a matter of proving something. We're just demonstrating our sympathy para los Méxicanos that are being arrested and taken away. You see, we hope that our presence here today will show Californians - in fact all Americans who aren't Latino - that there is a struggle happening with the people."
"By 'the people,' you mean la ráza?"
"Buéno, we don't really care about the fact that only Méxicanos are involved. What's important here is the fact that these are human beings. They're being denied rights in a country that boasts of its freedoms, the same freedoms that were given to the Jewish immigrant, the Italian, the Irish, the German and all the others."
Without indicating so, the reporter played the role of the devil's advocate. "Some people say that the illegal alien should be sent back because he's breaking the law."
"But he's breaking the law to survive! And when it concerns the lives of himself and his family, he will continue to break the law. Taking them back won't solve anything. Most of these people will only come back again. Instead of spending tax dollars on a futile cycle, the American government should get together with the Mexican government and develop programs that will get them out of poverty."
"Like the bracéro program?" the reporter asked, tongue-in-cheek.
Bobby reacted typically. "Something better, I hope. They need to be helped, not exploited."
"But realistically," the reporter said, "don't you feel that any alleged anti-Mexican feeling is going to hinder such changes?"
Bobby looked at the man. "Pués, that's why this is still called a struggle. Pero míra, for years everybody in America has been working against one race of immigrants or another. I don't feel that the Mexicáno is anyone's main target, but we are among the whipping boys. That's one of the reasons Latinos Unidos is picketing here today. We are telling people, look at what you're doing! Realize! Think! Because someday you may be just like us. Someday your country can be just like ours. And considering the shape that America is in today-bargaining and borrowing from every other country - someday may be soon."
When the camera stopped rolling, the reporter thanked Bobby. He was impressed with him and said he regretted having to edit the film. The finished product would be too short to get any real value out of what Bobby had said. So he asked him to appear on a community service program the reporter hosted on Saturday afternoons. Bobby agreed but was a bit bemused.
Bobby was grateful for the air time but was disappointed that KMEX was the only station that seemed to want him. KMEX was a fine station, but he would be informing their viewers of conditions they were already experiencing. He would have much preferred an Anglo station so he could reach the people who needed to know, who held the opinions that had to be changed.
And Saturday afternoon, he knew, was a time when the average KMEX viewers were mothers with screaming babies who tuned in only to hear the sound of another adult voice.
But what about the Anglo stations? How many viewers would be ready to sit down on a Saturday afternoon to hear him talk? Probably some would see him as just another complaining Chicano and change the channel to something of more substance, like arm wrestling competition on the Wide World of Sports
On a Saturday afternoon, the people who counted would be out playing tennis, or sailing, or playing frisbee. So he had to keep in mind that he had to start small, and that KMEX was a blessing.
As he was about to shout into a bull horn, he saw a Chicana posing under an oversized sombrero as a newspaper photographer was clicking his camera and making propositions. Bobby pushed the bull horn into someone's hands and flew at the girl. He threw the sombrero off her head and kicked away the maracas she was about to clutch to her boobs for the next shot.
"What the hell do you think this is," he shouted to her, "a carnival?"
She was playing a cutesie stereotype, and he hated that. He almost took the camera away from the photographer, but he thought better of it.
There was something strange about the crowd when he turned back to address them. Faces he had expected to be in certain places were gone, new signs were waving and a new voice could be heard above the others.
Raphael Camacho was cheerleading rather than chanting. He called for support and prayers for the illegals in the factory but equated them with Los Seis Pobres, a new cause Camacho had embraced which involved six men from East Los Angeles who had been caught smuggling heroin from South America.
Bobby pulled Camacho down from the makeshift stage and shouted that they should be concentrating on the illegals, "not six freaked out heads!"
Camacho smiled. "Hey, Bobby, Los Seis Pobres and CALMA are our people, man."
"No! They may be your people, but they're not mine."
Raphael became angry. "What are you gonna do then, man? Tío Taco the media into listening to only you so you can whitewash the whole race?"
Now Bobby became angry. "That's what brought you here, isn't it? You're so goddamned concerned about press coverage! Well look, pendéjo, I got them all to come by telling them the truth and I want them to leave here with the truth. I'm not going to have you mislead them with your stupid speeches and your goddamned paranoia. Now, I want your signs, your people, your whole screwed-up mess out of here."
"We're going to stay, carnal’. We deserve to be here just as much as you."
"All right," Bobby warned. "But if you do anything to screw up this demonstration, I'll be all over you!"
The deadline for the television newsmen drew near. They stopped their professional spectating and surrounded the first Chicano who looked like he was in charge.
A KTLA reporter approached Raphael and asked for an interview. As other reporters and cameras gathered around him, questioning began.
"What was the purpose of this demonstration?" they asked.
"To demonstrate the racism of the white fat-cat society. The laborer is thought of as a puppet by the rich white businessman who hires him. Then, when he attempts to live with him on an equal level, the fat cat calls these guerillas to put him in his place."
"Wouldn't it be simpler to go through the regular procedures of the citizenship process?" a KCOP reporter asked.
"Uncle Sam wants thousands of dollars to pay for the paper work--- At least they say it's for the paper work. I wouldn't be surprised if the money finds its way into a few pockets. Anyway, poor people from México can't afford money like that. Look at the conditions of the barrio. The city government keeps it no better than any neighborhood in México.
It was from these conditions that people like Los Seis Pobres came. It was the lack of employment opportunities that caused Los Seis Pobres to turn to the drug business."
"Which organization do you represent?"
"CALMA."
"Which means?"
"Chicano Acciónes para La Movimiento de Aztlán."
"Are all these people here from 'CALMA?' "
"No," Camacho said. "There are a few here from Latinos Unidos."
At this point Bobby saw the cluster around Camacho and rushed to hear what he was telling them. He arrived in time to hear someone ask Camacho if his demands were limited to the six dope smugglers.
"No," Raphael answered. "We demand a long-overdue renovation of the barrio and discontinued racist harassment from the police department."
Bobby exploded. "Why don't you tell them that we're here for the illegals who can't speak for themselves."
Questions were thrust upon the two, but Camacho calmed them with, "We have many problems directly linked with racism."
But Bobby shouted, "The illegal alien comes to this country out of desperation and they're treated with cruelty."
"All due to racism, don't you agree?" Camacho asked.
"Not all the time, no."
"You're acting like a Tío Taco for the media, Bobby," Camacho said loudly.
Bobby could not stand anymore. "Why don't you go fuck yourself, Ralph?" It was an instant reaction to his anger and he was immediately sorry that he had said it.
Camacho hit Bobby on the chin and Bobby retaliated. Reporters had to pull them apart while the cameras filmed it all.
When the lights were turned off, Raphael went back to his group and Bobby sat on a fire hydrant and felt embarrassed. He heard a reporter's voice giving closing comments to a camera.
"Who can tell," the reporter said, "what the outcome of this demonstration will be. All that can be seen at this point is that a few Chicanos are pretty steamed. So steamed, in fact, that they're forgetting who the enemy is. This is Benjamin Wicker in Civil War Territory, East Los Angeles."
The wry comment hurt Bobby. He knew he had failed. He knew his fight with Camacho would be sensationalized and that the demonstration's cause would be only a blurb. People at home would see two Chicanos fighting, like watching boxing from the Olympic Auditorium.
He was rapidly losing his enthusiasm for this day. But the day was not yet done.
Cholos, young gatos from the barrio, were urged by CALMA people to sneak past the crowd-control police and let air out of the immigration bus tires. Confrontations between the police and Chicanos were sporadic but fired with a great deal of antagonism on both sides.
Bobby won a small argument with Camacho, who wanted to lead a charge against the police that he repeatedly referred to as“el pinche hura!” Instead Bobby took charge of the bull horn and tried to keep CALMA members and the cholos from fighting back. But his voice of reason did not loosen the tension. Cholo-ego was at stake, and they began name-calling and insulting the police.
Two hours late from schedule, the buses pulled away while the demonstrators hurled more insults.
When the blue suits and uniforms began to follow, their cars were bombarded with rocks, cans and bottles by cholos and CALMA members who had situated themselves on the rooftops of buildings. They broke windshields and cut the faces of the drivers. One rock caused a blue-suited driver to swerve and hit another car. Yet another driver, frozen at the wheel by his startled nerves, rammed into the side of the first car.
The noise and the sight of the cars colliding in such "beauty" made the civilians who had lined the street to watch the demonstration applaud and scream joyously. A small victory had been won.
The uniforms transformed into helmeted guerillas. They charged with clubs in hand, not at the attackers, but toward the applauders who lined the street.
The civilians ran berserk, scattering all over the street. Some ran into buildings to hide while others ran to their cars and dangerously sped away from the scene.
Riot sticks flashed with excited fervor as the police ran, holding shields to protect their faces from rocks and Chicano blood.
Groups were formed among the civilians to take on the charging police. A Chicano lured a policeman toward a group of other Chicanos who jumped on the guerilla and beat him with his own club until reinforcements came to the rescue him. Other Chicanos worked in unison, charging into the wall of cops, braving swinging clubs.  Only a few seized the opportunity work together to grab and bodily lift policemen and force them back, some tossing the cops into trash bins, and through windows or against parked cars.
Seeing this, el hura began firing guns into the air. When the action did not slow, guns were fired at people who fell wounded and dead. When mourners fell over the victims, still more guerillas yanked them away by the hair and dragged them to police cars. If they resisted, their faces were bashed with clubs.
Bobby dodged policemen as he ran for his car, which he had parked three blocks away. The riot was spilling out of the small street where it had begun and was overflowing into other areas. Everywhere Bobby ran he saw the police chasing civilians with clubs.
As he came closer to his car, he saw two Chicanos running faster than the policeman who was chasing them. The policeman cussed at his loss and then turned toward Bobby. Bobby saw the policeman running toward him and ran desperately.
He swerved away from the grasp of the policeman, who finally gave up. Bobby kept his speed until he fell over a woman who had been knocked to the ground by a blow to the head. There was nothing he could do for her. He sprang to his feet and ran to the hotel that was near the factory.
When he reached the vestibule, he heard Camacho calling him from a second-floor window. When Bobby saw him, he called to him to go back inside. But Camacho was too happy to pay attention. He was overlooking the entire panorama of turbulence, proud he was part of it.
"This is what it's all about, ése," he shouted down to Bobby. "You can fuck off all those proposals you give to the governor, all the begging we do to get our rights. When that fails, this is the only alternative!"
Bobby screamed, "You asshole!! Open your eyes and see what's happening to us! It's all your fault - you and your mindless organization of sheep! All of this has been done before. It doesn't work! You and your sheep are proving nothing!"
Camacho would not let himself be insulted. His "sheep" were getting all the attention, and that was the plan.
In his frustration, Bobby gathered the pebbles from the nearby alley and began throwing them at Camacho. But out of the corner of his eye, he saw a helmeted giant rushing toward him. He jerked his body to the right but rammed into another uniformed body. The collision knocked Bobby to the ground and both giants moved in. Bobby covered his head with arms as he was beaten with sticks and fists and even kicked by one overzealous warrior before being dragged away. A KABC cameraman stood at a safe distance filming the slaughter.
Those who escaped the riot watched themselves that night on the six o'clock news. In interviews, cholos gave grinning descriptions of immigration and police atrocities while claiming themselves innocent. Outraged Chicanos threatened retaliations. There were demands for apologies and blatant vows of violent revenge while youngsters in the background giggled and waved to the camera. The chief of police denied that any of his men acted with irresponsible violence or cruelty.
Camacho gathered a larger following of CALMA members for a mammoth protest rally that night. He made speeches about friends who had been beaten and arrested. He also had violin-words for the "brothers and sisters" who had been killed and stepped aside so a priest could say a prayer. Then he returned to the center of the crowd and let his words grow vindictive and improvised plans to provoke a strong vendetta for the dead.
As the rally was going on, Bobby was being bailed out with Latinos Unidos funds. He met his friends with a bruised face and a broken arm that in the police report was said to have been injured during "an accidental and unprovoked fall." He was taken to a party that was at its peak, where people sought escape in the dancing, the beer and the móta. But Bobby could not forget his humiliation and guilt. He sat oblivious to the music and laughter as he thought about how he had failed the Mexican immigrants.
At the same party, Inez sat back in a corner and listened to stories from those who had escaped la hura. She discussed the inanities of immigration laws with some of the L.U. members.
When Bobby was invited to contribute to the conversation, Inez suggested techniques he could have used to overshadow Camacho. Bobby listened to her and laughed with her and kept her attentions for the rest of the evening. When the party was over, he asked if he could see her again.
Inez said yes.
CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE
It was the immigration custom to unload their prey from the buses into immigration headquarters where they would pose the illegals for mug-shots and then fingerprint them. These records would be placed in a file like those of common criminals. Then the illegals were taken to a holding tank, where bodies of people were jammed together until it was time to go back to México.
The day had darkened by the time they were herded back into the buses. As Rodolpho walked in line with the others, he looked around at the last place he would see in the United States. Guard dogs were meandering in their kennel runs. A pink-faced immigration officer looked stern as he waved everyone into the bus.
Two buses were in back of the one Rodolpho was entering. He looked at the other lines of people being herded into them and recognized Octavio walking slow and despondently. Rodolpho worried about his friend and sympathized with his sorrow, so much so that he fell into even lower spirits himself. He felt sorry that he could not share words with him about the sadness of going home. For both of them, home was where the ego deflated.
Rodolpho sat in the bus and placed his head deep into the back of the seat and kept it there for an hour. It was going to be difficult returning home and speaking of his failure. He would have to confess to his wife that his problem was bad luck, and he felt ashamed when he thought of it. It sounded like an old woman's excuse. He growled under his breath and then set aside the future to concentrate on the scenery that was passing outside his window.
The man seated next to him became bored with the lack of conversation. He looked at Rodolpho and made comments on the uncomfortable bus ride, the fact that he had not eaten since breakfast and the inconvenience of the whole deportation business.
Getting only intermittent glances and occasional nods in return, the man asked, "Is this the first time you've been sent back?"
Rodolpho looked at the man ready to ask him not to talk so much. But he looked earnest in his question, so Rodolpho answered, "Sí."
The man went on as though Rodolpho had not answered him. He mentioned that this was his first time, too, but that it had taken the immigration nine years to catch him. He could never afford the price to get himself immigrated, he told Rodolpho. "You need a sponsor, you know. And I didn't want anyone to know I wasn't immigrated."
The man asked how long Rodolpho had been in the United States. When Rodolpho told him, the man asked him if he was going to return. Before Rodolpho could tell the man to mind his own business, the man went on. He had to go back, he said.
He spoke about his wife and two little girls in the United States who depended on him. He couldn't send for them in México, he said. "The only way you can enjoy México anymore is if you're a rich Americano on vacation."
Rodolpho turned his head to the window.
"There's nothing in México," the man said again. "At least, nothing for me. It's my home and I love it and I will defend it. But to live there these days - you can have it!"
Rodolpho added his own thoughts just to keep the man from continuing. "That's true. But what is there en Los Estádos Unídos, eh? I've been beaten, chased, stolen from, and now treated like a rapist just because I want to work. The pínche guéros don't want me in their country, so why should I stay?"
"Are the guéros your only worry?" the man asked. "They don't even matter. They'll hate anybody who is different. But their hate is like a weed, tú sabes? And what do you do when a weed gets in your way? You cut it off or you push it away. It's a minor worry."
Another man who was listening across the aisle interrupted. "Your friend is right. The gríngo has no say in our life. Even if they had guards at the border with machine guns, I would still find a way to get across. God gave me the right to be a free man, and no one, not even los Americános, can take it away from me."
The first man leaned over to the second and whispered, "How do you get back across. Is there a special way?"
"Pués," said the second man, looking over his shoulder for unfriendly ears. "I have a way that never fails me."
The first man asked where the place was, but the second man was hesitant. He did not want the place to be too well-known although others had used it before. The other man pleaded lightly with him and told him of his family.
For Rodolpho's part, he had convinced himself that nothing in the United States was worth the humiliation. It was a waste of his time to come back. He sat back in his chair and said a mental goodbye to Baca, Silvers and the swindling migra-men with all the meddlesome misery they had all given him. He said goodbye to Connie (his only good memory) and promised to keep thoughts of her living in his mind forever.
His mind returned to the subject of home. He hoped his wife had saved a few of the dollars that he had sent her. To comfort himself, he looked forward to the pleasantries of his first days at home. His wife's kisses would be a welcome, soothing act of compassion for his defeat. Her breast would still be the firm pillow that cushioned his fatigued head. Love-nights would soothe the defeats of the past and send his troubles far away.
The loud voices of the men around him broke him out of his soft mood. When he failed to recapture the feeling, he turned his thoughts back to reality. He heard the men itemizing, surmising and suggesting prospective alternative employers. It was the same as when he had planned to come to the United States. They were all dreams that came to nothing.
But what other choice did he have, he thought.
He had no choice. Back home he would have to suffer the role of a menial worker earning less than he and his family could live on. He could not go back to becoming an Obregon policeman because it paid too little and there was too much corruption. The easiest way to make money in that job was to accept the bribes, and bribes did not buy respect from anyone, especially from himself. He knew that in México a housewife could get a job easier than a man, but he hated the men who sat and waited for the women to bring home the money. He prayed for a way to escape going home without hope.
But the only escape was to go back to the United States.
It was unfair and and the people were bigoted, but it was also the only way.
He thought of his responsibilities to help him decide.
With luck, he wouldn't need another coyóte like Baca. With  prayers, hope, and La Vírgen de Guadalúpe smiling on him, he could find another job in the United States that paid good money. If he worked at a place where there were only a few illegals like himself, perhaps the immigration would not come looking for them.
Rodolpho sat watching the man who knew of a special way back into the United States. When the man decided to talk, Rodolpho sat quietly and listened very carefully.


About the Author
Max Espinoza is a man of many talents and interests. After writing Fronteras at the age of twenty-seven, he went on to work as a newspaper reporter, theatre and movie critic, and write several stage plays, garnering critical acclaim. A lifelong artist, Max has spent the last two decades making a living as a caricaturist and cartoonist. In 1989, Max, with fellow artist Ruben Gerard, founded California Caricatures. Over the years, Max has been one of the most sought after caricature artists in Hollywood; attending TV cast parties, world premieres, high scale corporate events and a bar mitzvah here and there.
 Today, Max continues to write, draw, and speak out on issues that affect the all communities.  He is currently working on a soon-to-be-released graphic novel. Max lives in Fullerton with his lovely partner Sammi, niece Lena and nephew Jack . 
