THE BLACK BOOK


Copyright 2013 George Shadow
Published by George Shadow at Smashwords

Smashwords Edition License Notes
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




This is a work of fiction. All the characters and events portrayed in this book are fictional and any resemblance to real people still alive today is purely coincidental.

Cover Art by
Jason Lan.

Story by
George Shadow, a.k.a. Ukachukwu Chidube Ononuju George, a resident of
#18 Agbawodikeizu Street, Akokwa, in Ideato-North L.G.A. of Imo State, Nigeria.
mailgeorgeshadow@yahoo.com



Table of Contents
May 26, 1940…
Chapter 1: How It All Started
Chapter 2: A Little Secret & School
Chapter 3: Adopted
Chapter 4: Bring It On!
Chapter 5: Revenge
Chapter 6: Missing
Chapter 7: A Curious Book & Linda's Plan
Chapter 8: Misunderstood
Chapter 9: Africa
Chapter 10: A New Father & His Strange Cargo
Chapter 11: Judea
Chapter 12: Nora!
Chapter 13: The Wild; Wild West
Chapter 14: The Prisoners
Chapter 15: Sitting Bull
Chapter 16: Leonard's Mistake
Chapter 17: An Unruly Son
Chapter 18: Blackbeard
Chapter 19: The Battle
Chapter 20: Thermopylae
Chapter 21: Barbara
Chapter 22: Peter
Chapter 23: What Happened Next
Chapter 24: China
Chapter 25: Liu Hang & the Hsiung-nu
Chapter 26: Babro Du Zhang
Chapter 27: The Fight
Chapter 28: Marcos
Chapter 29: More Revelations
Chapter 30: The Chase
Chapter 31: Confrontation
Chapter 32: Captain R. J. Hayfield
Chapter 33: About the Black Book
Chapter 34: How It All Ended
About the Author
Other books by George Shadow
Connect with George Shadow



To My
Parents and Siblings
With Love




May 26, 1940 . . .
Suddenly, the room was colder and darker.
“Matthew, Matthew,” whispered Stephanie with a troubled voice, shaking him. “Matthew, wake up. Wake up, Matthew.” And he did, quickly looking around in utter confusion.
“Why is it so cold?” he demanded, blinking. “This is not my room. Where are we?”
“I don’t know, but I want to go home,” she cried, tightly hugging herself. “It’s so cold out here.”
“I must have fallen asleep,” he remembered and realized he was holding something. It was the book.
“Matthew, I’m scared,” she whined. She was wearing odd clothes and he noticed these in the dim light.
“You’re in strange-looking clothes, Steph.”
“So are you,” she retorted. “When did you change into them? And what’s that on your head?”
“I don’t know,” he confessed, feeling a kind of cap on his head. Stephanie was right. The place was very cold and they had scarves around their necks to counter this.
“It looks like we’re in a tunnel,” Matthew exclaimed, a distant round opening through which dim light spilled into the place giving him this idea. He stood up and realized he could only walk towards or away from the opening.
“How did we get here?” asked his younger sibling, her frightened voice sounding very cautious and distant, but he could only turn to her with a bewildered look before staring round in distress. He didn’t have a ready reply.
The tunnel’s sides curved up to meet above his head and he found it difficult to maintain his balance on its sloping floor. “We must get to that light, Steph,” he told his little sister, helping her to get up and direct her own steps as they started moving towards the opening. Now they could hear men’s voices beyond it and quickened their pace.
“What if they’re bad people?”
“I don’t think so,” he assured her. “I know they’ll help us.”
The tunnel’s mouth was big enough for them to pass through, but when they did this, they quickly regretted the action. Soldiers were everywhere in what appeared to be a huge cave, and none of them looked friendly.
“Who’s there?” an officer demanded, approaching them from their left. “Halt,” he shouted, and they drew back to the tunnel’s mouth. He could clearly see that they were children now, but this did not make him lower his fierce-looking pistol or even smile.
“Excuse me, sir,” began Matthew, “but we need to get back to our house? It seems we’re lost.”
“French Jews,” the man exploded, visibly agitated. “How did you get here?” He drew nearer and they moved further backwards. Matthew stared at his uniform and became alarmed. Slowly, he pulled Stephanie further backwards.
“Answer me,” the man roared and quickly came at them.
“He’s bad, Steph,” shouted Matthew. “Back to the tunnel.” They turned and scampered into the tunnel. The officer stopped and turned to his men.
“They came through a tunnel,” he yelled. “Follow me. We must block this tunnel.”
He started running after them and towards the tunnel. Both kids had scaled its round aperture and were quickly making progress down its dark belly. “Stop right there or I shoot,” he called out. “Halt‼”
“Matthew, he has a torch,” Stephanie shouted with fright.
“Stop talking! Run.”
But the path was difficult and their pursuer was seeing them. A new kind of light was basking their backs and this was not good.
“What if he shoots us?” Stephanie queried, completely ignoring his orders.
He looked back at the figure bearing down on them and realized the tunnel was hampering him. They had also given him a wide gap and that was good.
“He can’t try it here,” he breathed. “It could hit him instead.”
But their situation was about to get worse. The tunnel suddenly opened up to a bigger one and they tumbled out.
Matthew grabbed Stephanie. He wasted no time.
“Where are we going?” she wearily asked him. They’d been running for some time now and he knew they could not stop now. They mustn’t stop.
“Gosh! It’s a dead-end,” he suddenly cried with frustration and they almost crashed into the high wall cutting them off around the corner. Sunlight spilled in from a wide window high above them and they realized it was still noon.
“We cannot get up there,” Matthew remarked in despair. For the first time in his life, he was really afraid. Stephanie looked like she’d seen a ghost.
Their fear burst out from behind them and they backed the wall. Matthew pushed Stephanie behind him and faced the new threat.
“What do you want with us?” His voice lacked confidence.
“Jewish pigs,” the man spat out. He was wearing black leather knee-length boots and a gray overcoat on a gray uniform the boy knew too well. “You belong to a concentration camp.”
“We’re not French Jews,” Stephanie denied.
“Leave that for me to decide,” he growled and she zipped her mouth. He glared at Matthew and put away his service pistol to take a step forward.
“My . . . sister’s right, sir,” boldly said the boy. “We’re not French and we’re not Jewish. We’re Americans and we’ve lost our way.”
“Americans?” This appeared to be significant because the soldier stopped in his tracks. “Lost, you say?” Matthew realized he had never said a word of German. “But it’s true,” he continued, covering the distance between them. “You don’t speak like the French. You don’t look like them. You’re only dressed like them . . . and I can see that now.”
Matthew breathed out a sigh of relief.
“So where is it?”
“Where is what?”
“The book, you fool,” he fumed. “I know you must be with it. I’ve waited for a year now and will strangle you if you lie to me.”
The boy realized he was still holding the book before he was brutishly grabbed by the neck and it was desperately snatched from him. His attacker could not contain his excitement and shook all over as he pushed him to the ground and threatened a scared Stephanie further back.
“Must escape! Must escape‼” the man muttered repeatedly as he quickly flipped through the book’s pages and tried to use the light pouring in from above, but suddenly, a deafening noise erupted in the enclosure as a staccato burst of machine gun fire also poured in alongside the bright illumination.
The German officer was riddled with bullets before he could even discern what was happening. His men faced the same fate when they appeared behind him. The whole place was like a blur. Stephanie was screaming.
“Quick,” a new character snapped near the scared children. “We must get out of here! Rapide!” He pumped more bullets into the enemy. Matthew grabbed the book from the ground and scampered through a secret door of rock behind Stephanie.
He could hear the bullets raining down behind him.



Chapter 1: How It All Started
MATTHEW discovered the black hardcover in the attic. This particular book had brown pages visibly burnt at their edges and looked so ancient that he was so pleased with his find and quickly took it to Nora, his sister.
“Look, Nora. Look,” he shouted gaily as he banged noisily on her room’s door. “See what I’ve found up in the attic.”
“What now, Noise? Go away,” snapped his sister from within. “You don’t need a nose punch now, do you?”
Matthew was not discouraged. “No, Nora,” he quickly agreed, “but you wouldn’t want me to leave without seeing what I’ve got to show you.” Then he straightened up proudly. “I’ve got a prize find and a wonderful offer for you,” he announced, feeling like an experienced salesman.
Almost as quickly, the door flew open and Nora popped her head out, coughing a great deal from the dust and dirt her brother had brought down with him from the attic. “What do you mean?” she asked him, staring at his dirty, rumpled shirt and soot-covered face with a carved-out, broadly grinning smile.
Matthew showed her the book and the smile became a frown.
“Matthew, that’s a book,” she stressed.
“Well, it’s an old one, actually,” he began. “It could be worth something, you know.”
“And when did I become a librarian or . . . or a historian to you?” she asked him. “I said I’ll give you five dollars if you can find me something romantic up there, remember?”
“Like a cotton sweater or a shawl?”
“No, dumbo! Not necessarily a cotton sweater or a shawl . . . anything unique . . . and . . . and romantic.”
“But this book is unique, don’t you think?” pressed her brother. “It’s unique because it’s old and romantic and . . .”
Nora grumbled something and slammed the door in his face.
“Ow, c’mon.”
“That won’t do,” she wailed from inside. “Now, leave my door.”
“Ow, c’mon,” repeated her brother. “You promised me five dollars for anything I get up there.”
“Not for an old book,” she told him. “Maybe . . . for a fashionable shawl or a cotton sweater? But definitely not for that . . . that junk? Why not ask Mom for five dollars if you badly need it?”
“You know she’ll ask me why I want it.”
“And what do you need it for?”
“Nothing?” he lied. “Sweets? Candy?” he confessed.
“C’mon, Matt—You know sweets are bad for your teeth.”
Matthew frowned. He hardly knew why she thought he would find a cotton sweater up in this particular attic, but he knew he needed five dollars that would come with no strings attached, unlike Mom’s. So he bent down submissively and passed the book underneath her door.
“Well, if you change your mind,” he announced bravely and scampered off.
Nora sighed and continued with her makeup. It had been a year since the Quentins moved into their new home and Matthew Quentin was the biggest nuisance she was finally feeling grateful to be rid of after ten years of a shared room. His new abode was the attic and he always had a new discovery to show or sell to her from the old boxes the house’s previous owners left there. He was going to be a salesman when he grew up. Just like Daddy.
“Nora? Where are you? We’ll be late.”
“Just a sec, Mom.”
She looked herself over and dusted her cheeks, and then she stood up, mouth pouting, and posed for the mirror. Nora was as beautiful as her mother was and her age-mates always said this was her problem, although she cared less about their jealous remarks behind her back. They were simply trying to make her feel bad about herself.
Tall for her age, this particular Quentin already had the shape every girl was dying for at sixteen, and in class, her mates often stole glances at her due to this. She was the most popular girl in Sleepy Lake High, as well as the most beautiful, and even though people often said she was a snobbish, self-absorbed chick, she was proud of the first two attributes and made sure anyone keeping tabs on her always realized this.
An unpleasant behavior her snobbish and self-absorbed qualities owe so much to in the first place, but one the best quarterback in the school’s football squad also found so intriguing that he’d started taking interest in her.
His name was Leonard, and she’d had a crush on him ever since the day their eyes met.
“We’re using the Jeep, dear,” Mommy called out from below, immediately bringing her back to the present. The sixteen-year-old scowled and pulled on her Levi’s five-o-nine. What of the damn Escalade? The Wrangler was never her type of car. It was rather too rough-looking for a city girl like her, but Mommy liked exhibiting her ‘tougher side’ with such cars and Nora didn’t mind indulging her.
“Nora?”
“Coming,” she called back, a Louis Vuitton bag hanging from her shoulder. She picked up Matthew’s priceless book on her way out and dusted off the front leather cover, totally lost on what to do with it.
It was the size of a large hardback novel and weighed as much. There was no title on its cover and no names either. The spine was held in place by a kind of rope made with animal skin and Nora found this so weird. She flipped it open and noticed two names on the dusty first page. One was central, bold and stylish. Probably the book’s original owner. One Cardinal Marcos. A priest. So weird. She cared less.
She threw the book into her wastebasket, but didn’t stick a five dollar note under Matthew’s door as she passed it.
“Hi, Mom.”
“Hi, Nora. My! Look at you,” beamed Mommy.
“My! Look at you,” mimicked nine-year-old Stephanie, a bored look on her face as she picked up the remote. “Where’re you guys going?” She turned on the plasma.
“Shopping?” replied Nora. “And you’re tagging along.”
“No, I’m not,” aired her little sister. “Gotta watch TV.”
“Stephanie, dear, you know you’ll love shopping today,” started Mrs. Quentin, brushing off a strand of golden hair from her face as she picked up the Wrangler’s key. “The day is bright and the weather is fine . . . ,” she sang, eyeing her daughter with a wry smile.
“That’s so lame, Mom,” said the little girl, revulsion briefly replacing the bored look. “That won’t work on me – I’m nine years old.”
“And guess what?” enticingly began her mother, intent on making her come no matter what. “I’ll get you whatever you want today.”
“But Mom, I just got back from ballet class,” she protested, beginning to weigh the new offer against a pleasant pastime of TV and orange juice.
“Which you shouldn’t be too keen on,” started Nora, enjoying herself. “You’re too young for that, you know?”
Stephanie switched off the TV and sauntered off, glaring at the last speaker. “I have to start young, Miss Fine Face,” she reminded her. Mommy’s offer appeared too tempting to refuse, though, and her big sister latched on to this obvious fact like a leech.
“Wow. Never doubt what a little bribe can do,” she quipped with a smile, but the opposition ignored her invitation, making a face as their paths crossed.
“Mom, can I come too?” asked Matthew, appearing from the kitchen with a sandwich.
“No, dear—you need to clean up and wait for Dad and Gavin.” Gavin was the dog.
“Besides, girls only?” reminded Nora.
“Hey,” he beamed. “My—five dollars?”
“I’ll give you two?” Nora wanted this hushed up ASAP.
“Deal,” announced her young brother, sandwich jam all mixed up with the soot on his shirt. He stretched out his hand towards his mother. “Mommy?”
“Nora,” cried Mrs. Quentin with exasperation. “Never make promises you can’t keep.” She gave Matthew five dollars.
“Sorry, Mom,” said a scowling Nora. “It’s just an old book from a weird priest, though.”
Matthew’s mother nodded knowingly and looked him over. “From the attic, I guess?” she queried him.
“It’s not so old, Mom,” he objected sullenly. “Nora told me to . . .”
“Don’t you dare,” snapped the mentioned.
“Whatever she told you, honey, you look great this very moment,” observed Mommy. “Now you need to clean up before Daddy comes back or else no more gaming.”
“Ow, Mom, come on,” he protested.
“Just an old book, though,” Nora threw at him.
He made a face at her.
She returned the favor.

*     *     *

Sleepy Lake was a marvelously peaceful suburb very close to the border between the states of Kansas and Missouri. Named after a small peaceful see-through lake on the outskirts of town, other landmarks of this cozy American settlement included rolling hills, lush greenery, tiny cabins and family units dotting the landscape. A small stream usually glowing in radiant sunshine freely cut through the rich geography here en route to the Missouri from the highlands.
A strong but narrow bridge supported pedestrian and vehicular traffic across this stream, and the road from this bridge led into the town square and the various public places that covered this part of Sleepy Lake.
Such public places included a police station, a train station, a post office, a fire service department and a large shopping mall all very close to one another, and this arrangement was convenient due to the services these establishments rendered to the public. Nobody had any reason to complain about it since Sleepy Lake was a small community and everybody knew everybody.
The Quentins had always wanted to come down here even when Daddy was struggling to make ends meet in a struggling company. And of course now that Mommy had everything they ever wanted, a better life and a new home in this serene town, which was away from the bustling urban city, was no longer a dream. Besides, Mrs. Quentin was also a wannabe writer of children’s books and this unique quiet a jungle of skyscrapers could never provide was an added advantage for her.
Lora Quentin’s millions had come to her like a dream when a forgotten distant relative of hers, who had bequeathed all his wealth to his ‘dear niece,’ died. And almost immediately after this, the house in Sleepy Lake had come up for sale.
Supported by the pleas of her kids, the yearnings of her heart and the side-comments of her husband, Lora had grabbed this once-in-a-lifetime offer to move from the city. She could afford to care for everybody’s needs now and have the time to pursue her writing hobby as well, although John, her best friend and husband, had always stressed the need for him to continue working as head of the family.
Lora had never minded indulging him.
She could afford to.
“I’m taking the Gucci, Mom,” announced Stephanie, pointing at a pink sweater with the popular label embossed on its front. They’d shopped for some groceries in the mall before getting to the clothes line.
“Oh, alright. How much?”
“A . . . hundred?” said her younger daughter, squinting to see the price tag on the jersey’s sleeve.
“Stephanie, that’s too . . .”
“Cheap?” wickedly inserted Nora, who had a big polythene bag and was looking at some gloves displayed above their heads. Her mother sighed.
“But . . . I like it,” cried her sister.
“The sweater’s nice . . . I rather like it, too,” agreed Lora.
“Oh, Jeez. A gang up?” Nora raised her hands in mock despair. Stephanie became all smiles and mouthed an ‘o’ when she picked out Nora’s shopping bag.
“What are you doing?” she fumed. “Buying the whole mall?”
“No, dearest,” the older girl said with poise, beaming. “Remember, I’m way out of your league?”
“Well, what do you have in there?” demanded her sister, peeping into the big polythene. “Soccer balls?”
“Dior undergarments, two Dolce bags, a Chloé high-collared mustard double-button coat,” listed Nora, “Prada shoes, three big shampoo bottles, four Gucci high-heeled pairs, three Armani belts, a pair of Vuitton black gloves, and a Prada dinner dress.” Then after some thought: “Should I get the red gloves as well? Just in case?”
“The Chloé is two thousand, five hundred and seventy dollars, Mom,” exclaimed Stephanie, staring at the price label on its collar. “Such extravagance.” She made a face.
But her mother only smiled. She knew her daughters better than they knew themselves. Nora was the fashion-conscious one and since she was going out on a date with Leonard in a week’s time, the black Prada dinner dress was a nice choice. Stephanie would faint if she noticed the tag on that one!
“Such extravagance,” the little girl repeated. She forgot her mother could easily afford to indulge them all.
“C’mon girls,” announced Mrs. Quentin with a laugh. “I better hurry home to prepare dinner.” A large Harry Potter poster caught her attention and she stood looking at it for a while. Her daughters knew her too well to wait behind her and study the picture with her. Stephanie couldn’t stop giggling and Nora couldn’t help joining her after restraining herself for some time.
“What now?” their mother noticed. “You think I won’t get a story like that?”
“You’re rich already, Mom,” twinkled Nora. “Why bother?”
“Being an author . . . exhilarates, dear,” she tried to explain. “Life’s not just about riches and wealth, you know.”
“Yeah, yeah, yeah.”
“Any title yet?” wondered Stephanie.
“Still working on it,” confessed Lora. “I have so many I don’t know which one to choose, really.”
“What’s it all about?” Nora asked her.
“Afraid it’s still secret,” her mother refused cheerfully.
“The Fairy Pumpkin?” tried Stephanie.
“Maybe you’ll keep that for your own story,” proposed Nora.



Chapter 2: A Little Secret & School
MORNING and there was a blue sky. John had gone to his office and the kids had all disappeared to school when Lora looked up from her writing and noticed the red Oldsmobile slowly snaking its way across the stony path cutting through their lawn and up to their front door. Of course, she knew who was visiting, but she’d never expected his visit to come so soon after the last one, which was a year ago, when they were about moving.
Mr. Crool’s car stopped before the house and he grunted and heaved as he pulled his hefty figure out of the driver’s seat, quickly resuming his whistling when his bulk was almost out. Lora could not make out the song he was trying to produce, but she knew it must be that same irritating one from that same irritating time many years ago.
“Good morning, Mrs. Quentin,” he announced, trudging up to where she stood with all his might. “I love the house! Nice patio over there,” he pointed out.
But Lora only nodded, arms akimbo, and waited for him to come up. The birds were chirping and she thought they were better whistlers than Mr. Crool.
“Mornin’, Ma’am,” he puffed as he stopped in front of her and balanced his weight on his two legs. He was drunk as usual.
“Morning, Mr. Crool,” she said unfeelingly, smiling and inspecting his wardrobe at the same time. She need not have bothered. He was as parsimoniously dressed as ever. “What brings you here this bright summer morning?” she demanded as gaily as she could.
“Nothing serious, Lora,” happily replied her visitor, grinning. “Just checking up on the little brat,” he added jokingly, reaching for his left coat pocket. “I guess no problems?”
“Yeah, none,” she quickly replied. “He’s doing well.”
“Good! Now if you would just sign here, I’ll be on my way,” he sang, whistling some more as he brought out a folded sheet of paper from his pocket. “It’s official,” he sang to himself, “Matthew has a new home, Matthew has a new home.”
Mrs. Quentin felt embarrassed by this, but could only shrug it off as she signed for herself and John. The orphanage had been of immense help, but she kept wondering why they always sent Mr. Crool when they needed her to sign some more papers.
“When next are you coming?” she finally asked him, handing him back his pen and official document.
“When he turns eighteen,” the fat man whispered, and laughed out loud. “That will be my last visit, Mrs. Quentin, and I’m looking forward to it.” Then he drew nearer and spoke in a very low tone. “I—I hope you’ve never told him anything, have you? These brats get brainwashed when they realize they’re bastards and cannot find their mother. I simply hope for your sake that you can keep him in the dark forever. We’ve got loads and loads of such cases back at the office. By the way, I love the inn in this town.”
Lora wondered whether Mr. Crool was allowed to say such things outside the four walls of his office. He must know she could call the police.
“The birds are chirping,” her visitor suddenly remarked, wide-eyed.
“What?”
“Do you think they . . . whistle better?”

*     *     *

Sleepy Lake High was a sleek suburban-styled school for Sleepy Lake kids opened in 1994. Housed in a very big building situated in a large land expanse between two undulating hills that were very close to the stream, this was where Sleepy Lake boys learned street language and Sleepy Lake girls lost whatever they lost. This was also Nora’s school and kingdom. She reigned supreme here and loved every bit of it.
“Nora, hope you’re coming to cheerleading class today?”
“Yeah, sure. Time?”
“Five in the evening? Sarah’s coming with her CD player.”
Linda was Nora’s best friend and servant. She worshipped this particular Quentin, literally.
“That’s great. Which album is she coming with?”
“Luther? The blues guy?”
“Great, but I don’t think I like Vandross for gym class, Lin. How could she get Vandross for gym class? Does he have anything we could dance to?”
“Ever heard of ‘The Power of Love’?”
“Baby,” began her friend, smiling. “That’s an ancient classic, but I love that song. Forgot it’s from Vandross.”
“Nora Quentin,” remarked Miss Ashley, their Biology teacher. “Focus?”
Biology class ran from ten to eleven every Tuesday morning. Not many students liked the subject, especially its practical aspect, but surprisingly, Linda was an exception, and she prided herself in being the best in Miss Ashley’s class. Nora wasn’t so lucky.
“What’s a food pyramid, Lin?”
“You mean like you don’t know?”
“So what? I haven’t read it up yet.”
“Well it’s a kind of food arrangement in nature where organisms lower down in the pyramid support those on top.”
“Like, you mean, are fed on?”
“Yeah, sure. Yuk, I’m cutting this open.”
The thing in question was a green frog and Nora closed her eyes as the other girl started working on the amphibian. They were in the biology lab with twenty other students who were in the same situation with various lizards and frogs. Miss Ashley supervised them.
“Carefully flip back the animal’s skin when you’re through with cutting,” she directed, “and pin this on your board with the office pins.”
“Oh, so inhuman,” whined Nora.
“Label the intestines, heart, stomach and what else you see in there with the tabs on your table,” continued Miss Ashley as she neared their table, “and quit cringing back with disgust and apprehension, Miss Quentin. You’ll have to learn how to stomach that if you really want to be a surgeon.”
“I think she meant you, Linda,” Nora whispered to her friend. “That’s a profession I’ll always totally despise.”
“Nora! Focus?” snapped Miss Ashley, who had only taken a few steps away from their table.
“Sorry, Miss Ash.”
Eleven o’clock and Biology was over. Both girls joked on their way to History class. Linda prided herself in being close to Nora during such breaks, because all eyes were on them as they walked down the passage. Even the seniors envied them. What, with Nora’s Z4 packed outside, she alone could afford to give them pocket money from her personal piggy bank for months! Fancy a rich kid for a friend.
“Hey, Nora. Wait, Nora.”
“What now?” giggled Linda as the fat boy jogged up to meet them, breathing heavily. Nora sighed. Here came one of her greatest admirers.
“What now, Peter?” she queried when he stopped before them. “I’ve got a class in thirty minutes.”
“So do I,” began the Jew. “Hey, my mom’s preparing a Passover feast tonight and I’m inviting you?”
“Oh, that’s lovely,” began Linda. “What ’bout me?”
“Oh, you can come if you want to. Sorry.”
“Not interested,” refused Nora. “I’m not a Jew, Peter.”
“Sorry, Peter,” reversed Linda. “She’s the boss.”
“But Nora, you’ll love it,” he persuaded. “It’s meant to mark . . .”
“The exodus of the Hebrews from Egypt and their safe flight across the Red Sea?” helped both girls together. “We know, Peter.”
“But . . . But my mom would love to see you,” sullenly began the boy.
“Cut it out, Peter,” snapped Nora, turning on him and drawing much attention.
“Here goes . . . ,” said a jittery Linda.
“For the umpteenth time?” continued Nora, “I’m not interested in you and will never be your girlfriend? Ever.”
“Ooooooooh,” intruded Mark, a party freak who was with his friends. “Now that hurts.”
Peter was downcast. “But Nora, I . . . I love you,” he tried.
“In your dreams, Peter,” said Nora, and she went in for History class.
“Yeah, in your dreams, Peter,” repeated Linda, and followed her friend.
Mark came up to Peter. “What on earth were you thinking, man?” he asked the fat boy. “That snob for a girlfriend?”
“She’s not a snob,” cried Peter, turning away into the classroom.
“Well,” wondered Mark. “Everyone knows she’s a snob, even if she’s a rich one.”
He entered the classroom, where everyone was settling down.
“Alright, class,” announced Mr. Heaver, their fat History teacher. “Our topic today is the Great Wall of China.” And he turned to scribble it on the board.
“Boring,” whispered Nora, yawning.
“Heard that, Nora,” indicated the teacher, turning to face them again. He cleared his throat. “But first of all,” he continued, “I would like to introduce you all to a new . . . kid on the block.”
The class laughed cheerfully at this joke as all eyes turned to see the newcomer.
“His name is . . . eh—Ike . . . chukwu, but you can all call him I.K.,” said Mr. Heaver, staring down at a piece of paper on which he’d scribbled the name. Ignorantly, he’d pronounced the name wrongly. “Now, his parents are immigrants from West Africa, but he has lived all his life in the UK and is anxious to meet you all.”
“As in desperate?” quietly helped Linda.
“No, Linda. As in . . . curious.”
“Hi, everyone,” the boy said, feeling embarrassed.
“Hi, I.K.,” the class chorused.
“I knew it,” whispered Nora, being careful not to draw Mr. Heaver’s attention again.
“Knew what?” asked Linda behind her and she turned around.
“Black gloves should do for a black dinner dress, right? Or should I have gone for red ones instead?”
“All for the handsome Leonard,” dreamily giggled Linda. “I think both choices are parfait.”
“See who’s learning French,” exclaimed her friend.
“And see who’s going to detention if you two continue talking while I’m talking,” snapped their History teacher, sternly turning on both girls.
Nora yawned again.

*     *     *

Break time in school was fun time and Matthew was with Anderson, his best friend, when Stephanie came up to them.
“Hi,” she said, taking Anderson’s hand and shaking it like a grown-up. She dropped her backpack and brought out her lunchbox.
Matthew was two classes above her in middle school, but unlike most of the other guys, he didn’t mind being seen around her during break, because she was his sister and the best any boy could ask for. To him, she was even better than Nora, because there were so many qualities he could see in her which he’d failed to see in his older sister.
For one thing, Stephanie was careful while Nora was careless. Stephanie was bright while Nora was dumb. Stephanie was selfless, but Nora was selfish. Stephanie was no snob. . . . He could go on and on and on. Stephanie would never call him ‘Noise.’ Stephanie adored him. He adored Stephanie.
He nudged her. “Hey, what happened yesterday at the mall?”
“The usual?” she said, shrugging. “Prada shoes, Dior undergarments and Louis Vuitton.”
“Gosh, Matt, you never told me your sister was a fashionista,” quickly observed Anderson. “Really? At this age?”
“Not her, stupid,” Matthew told him. “Nora?” Then he turned back to Stephanie with excitement. “Guess what, Mom’s buying the bicycle for me today! She called me on my cell.”
“Oh, Matt, can I ride, too?” she pleaded.
“Why not?”
“You know the one my Dad bought for me last Christmas?” began Anderson, studying Stephanie as if he was seeing her for the first time. “Hope your new toy is not that brand, Matt, really.”
“The one you couldn’t ride?” Matthew chided him.
“It had bad brakes, remember?”
“Yeah, it sure did,” Matthew agreed, “but you guys could have insisted on changing it.”
“Mr. Goodfellow refused to take it back, he did,” the African-American said, falling into a playful mood that caught his friends off guard. “Said he got no more bicycles to replace it with, you know, and when my dad got his heavy glasses for him and showed him all those beauties displayed in his shop, the bicycle suddenly lost its guarantee. Could you believe that?”
The three kids could not contain their laughter. Anderson was mimicking his father after he returned from the old man’s shop that fateful Christmas day with the same bicycle. It was a memorable story the three could never forget.
“You know you can come and ride mine whenever you want to,” Matthew finally said and his friend nodded with a smile.
“Thanks, Matt . . . but the good news is that I’ll soon get new brakes for mine. Dad’s promised.”
“I hear Mary Ann once had a bicycle, Matt,” began Stephanie.
“And what happened to it?” quizzed Anderson. “I’ve never seen her on one.”
“She got injured trying to ride it,” the little girl conveyed with satisfaction.
“Yeowww! That hurts,” quipped Matthew, laughing cheerfully. He stood up to brush breadcrumbs from his pants.
“No one deserves a bicycle injury, you know, not even Mary Ann,” Anderson said, “though I wouldn’t go near her bike for all the money in the world,” he reasoned, frowning. “She’s old enough to be in a class ahead of us, don’t you think?”
“She’s a girl bully,” Stephanie correctly observed. “She took Katie’s fruitcakes yesterday.”
“Her parents are rich, so what do you expect from an only child?” suggested Matthew.
“She treats everyone with disdain and enjoys spreading rumors about anyone as long as it catches her fancy,” said Anderson, trying to define this particular classmate of his.
“I’ve never escaped her fancy even when I fell ill with the flu,” Matthew mused out loud. “I wonder who fills her with all those lies about me? She’s got so many friends.”
Stephanie wanted to say something, but cut herself short. Her brother would fall apart if he knew who was helping Mary Ann against him.
“I bet it’s Rupert,” slyly said Anderson. “Those two are inseparable.”
“They often come to our class during lunchtime to exchange ideas for their next tale,” Stephanie quickly revealed. “I sometimes wonder who gossips more between them.”
“It must be Rupert,” Matthew suddenly agreed. “He’s Fat George’s sidekick.”
“I hear he wets his bed,” Stephanie helped.
“I hear his grandfather was a Nazi,” Anderson helped.
“I hear his name is Jewish,” Fat George suddenly bellowed behind them, causing them to jump out of their seats. He reached for their lunchboxes, but luckily, for them, these were empty. Stephanie hid behind her brother, peeping out now and then.
A slightly older, obese fellow with bulbous eyes and a bully’s attitude, Fat George had only one trusted friend he called his sidekick, and that was Rupert. His father was a civil engineer who worked for a construction company in the city and his mother had a shop in Sleepy Lake’s central mall.
Fat George passionately hated Matthew due to the wealth he knew the Quentins controlled, and he often told Rupert, his sidekick, what a waste of time and money Matthew was for his parents. Rupert never argued with Fat George.
“You all sound like Mary Ann,” the fat boy grumbled, glaring at Matthew with clenched fists.
“What do you want, George?” Anderson demanded from him, making sure he omitted the ‘Fat’ before the name, or else there would be trouble.
“Nothing,” the bully snapped with a smirk, pushing the other boy out of the way as he walked past. “Another mention of my name, Quentin, and you’ll smell your grave,” he threw back at Matthew as he walked away.
Again, Stephanie knew that Barbara was the girl in the silent question between her brother and this blob of fat. Tall, slim, dark-haired and beautiful Barbara, who never knew she was causing so much trouble just as Matthew never knew she envied his ‘riches’ deep within her. Stephanie knew this because Barbara was Mary Ann’s friend and told the girl bully all that Matthew was telling her in confidence.
Mary Ann hated everything nice as long as it wasn’t hers and she always made sure any girl who refused to heed her warnings concerning pride and behavior saw the right side of her fist. Barbara was her one exception to this rule because she told her things about Matthew and he wasn’t the wiser for it. ‘Poor Matthew,’ thought Stephanie.
The bell went, bringing them all back from their thoughts.
“Phew! That was close,” said a sweating Anderson as he watched Fat George’s overbearing figure recede in the distance. “Who would’ve known he was behind us?”
Matthew shrugged and bent down to start packing Stephanie’s lunchbox for her.
“I hear he once set his shoes on fire ’cause they were too small for him, Matthew,” she told him.
“Oh, gross,” Anderson exclaimed.
“Don’t listen too much to Mary Ann or you’ll end up being like her, Steph,” Matthew warned his sister and shooed her off.
“Race you to class,” Anderson announced.
Barbara was just entering their class.
“Yeah, sure,” he agreed. “Race you to class.”
He quickly re-laced his shoes.

*     *     *

After school, Nora gracefully left with Linda closely behind her. She wasn’t bad in History, but she hated the subject. To her, most of the stories she heard in the class were just that. Stories. And how she detested them.
“Hi. The name’s Peter and I am an immigrant, too.”
“Hi. Enjoyed the class?” asked the Nigerian.
“Yeah, sure. From where I came, we’ve got loads of history wrapped around us.”
“Cool, man,” said Ikechukwu, loosening up a bit. “Africa’s like that as well, so that goes for me, too. Where’re you from?”
They shook hands.
“Israel?” replied his new friend. “I’m a Jew?”
“And who’s the blonde that just left? She seems . . . famous around here.”
“That’s Nora Quentin, the richest and most beautiful kid around and – and my crush,” beamed Peter. “Come; let me buy you a hot dog.”
Outside, Nora and Linda met Leonard with his friends and Linda waited for Nora to finish with him, foolishly giggling and smiling.
Leonard was a tall handsome sophomore with a bashful presence and stature. He evoked a pompous stance whenever he walked and his notoriety was popular among his friends. Some said he changed girlfriends like he changed his toothbrush, but that had never bothered Nora, because she was up to it. After all, he was a very young and talented sportsman and besides, he had sworn to her that he had no other girl but her.
“Hi, Leonard,” she sang as she walked up to him.
“Hi, Leonard,” Linda repeated enthusiastically.
“Nora . . . Linda, hi,” the boy directed at the two of them, and the second girl waved wildly from where she stood, grinning from ear to ear. He turned to Nora and smiled at her. “What’s up? School over?”
“Yes.” They hugged each other.
“Guess what happened to me today,” started his girlfriend.
“Peter?”
Nora nodded. “Came up to me again. Same question.”
“Loser,” Leonard chuckled. “He’ll never stop trying, huh?”
“And he’ll never stop losing,” Nora joked.
Miss Ashley came out and they quickly disentangled from each other. “Hi, Leonard, Nora,” she quipped as she passed. “Nice tango, eh?”
“Hi, Miss Ashley,” greeted Leonard, smiling angrily. “You bet,” he whispered.
Next, Peter and the new boy came out from the building and started coming towards them.
“Talk of the devil,” giggled Linda.
“Quick,” said Nora, facing Leonard. “Kiss me.”
He did.
“Some crush, eh?” Ikechukwu asked a forlorn Peter.
“Yes,” he agreed. “Some crush.”
“Hi, Peter,” called out Linda, waving to make sure that he knew she saw his embarrassment.
“Hi, stooge,” intruded a new voice behind her. She spun round to see Patricia and her gang standing directly next to her. “Waiting on her majesty again?”
“Tricia! You almost killed me,” feigned the other girl with annoyance. She’d been caught off guard by this group’s presence, and for good reason, too, since they were the enemy.
“Good,” said Patricia. “You’re totally grateful.”
The three groups convened before the school building, Leonard holding Nora close to him. The quarterback knew that Patricia’s presence meant trouble and wanted to show his support for his new girlfriend. To him, Patricia was history since he now had Nora.
“Hi, everyone,” greeted Ikechukwu. “What’s up?”
“And who invited you?” Nora asked him, not liking his intrusion, but expressing her displeasure due to the annoyance her archenemy’s presence was causing her.
“Yeah, dude, who invited you to this party? Can’t be me, last I checked,” put in Leonard, who was also tensed up. This irked the Nigerian, but he kept his cool. The atmosphere appeared too strained for his liking, so he started small talk with Peter beside the larger group. Who was fighting who?
“Hi, Leonard, dear,” greeted Patricia. Nora eyed her with disdain and frowned conspicuously when the other girl suddenly placed her hand on Leonard’s shirt to run it down its front despite the fact that he had an arm around another’s feminine waist – a brazen behavior none of the gathered students could ignore.
“What is it, Pat?” uncomfortably asked Leonard. “What do you want?”
“Forgive me, dear, but God I want you back,” she said. Her friends chuckled. “I really can’t imagine being without you right now, or ever again.”
She smoothly wrapped her arms around his neck as she seductively rolled out these words and Nora angrily pushed her away.
“Leave him alone, Tricia,” she snapped. “Don’t you get it? He’s totally through with you.” Patricia was her major rival for Leonard, although she only had nice legs . . . and acted dumb. Linda came forward with concern, hoping that a fight would not ensue.
“Oh, yeah?” fumed Patricia. “We’ll see about that, won’t we, Leonard, dear?” And she spun round and stumped off with her soldiers directly behind her. Nora angrily left with Linda, too.
“Em, Leonard,” awkwardly started Peter, “that sure was embarrassing.”
“You stay out of this, fat face,” the quarterback stressed and walked out on them with his friends, calling on Nora to wait for him.
“Man, what was that all about?” Ikechukwu asked Peter when they were left alone.
“Girl War,” replied his new friend. “I’m trying to get Nora out of that.”
“And are you . . . succeeding?”
The other sadly shook his head. Then he brightened up. “Tell you what, why don’t you come to dinner at my place tonight?”
“Oh, yeah? I’ll have to call my mother.”
“You’ll get to see my parents and siblings. The dinner will be a special one.”



Chapter 3: Adopted!
NORA was still fuming when she packed her BMW in the garage and walked in with her key. Patricia had no right to put her arms around Leonard after he’d dumped her in public! Her raunchy behavior that day was meant to spark off some kind of jealous rivalry for poor Leonard in Nora and Nora knew she could never lose out in that kind of competition. Her skirts just needed to get tighter and shorter and she needed more red lipstick and nail polish. Since her enemy could afford to embrace the big fashion names, this was the only way she knew she could fight back.
The house appeared empty and she thought it best to simply go to the kitchen and ransack the fridge if Mommy had forgotten to make her favorite orange juice before leaving for the market with Gavin. Nora usually came back a bit earlier than Matthew and Stephanie, so she always had the plasma to herself until they invaded the sitting room around one in the afternoon, when they generally came back home from school.
In the kitchen, she met a big jug of juice waiting for her and discovered some cakes in the fridge. She dropped her bag near the staircase on her way to the living room and carelessly kicked off her shoes when she got there. Her favorite sofa then beckoned and she could never resist.
She must have slept off in the middle of the show because she woke up half-heartedly to hear Dad and Mom quarrelling inside Dad’s library and home office. Their voices were measured, but she could clearly hear and understand the argument from where she still lay.
“But you said you wanted another boy after Matthew’s death,” her father stressed. “You even named him Matthew against everything sensible, Lora.”
“I couldn’t help it, John. I—I was falling apart.”
“Come on, Honey. Pull yourself together. Nobody knows, and nobody will ever know. Besides, who cares if he’s adopted?” persuaded her father. “Nobody. You’re just . . . overreacting.”
“I’m not, John,” wailed his wife. “We must tell him before he finds out by himself. It’s nothing, but people . . . his classmates, might . . . start making fun of him in school. I know Mr. Crool must have spilled it all down at Frederick’s even though he told me not to tell him. The jerk was drunk, John, and you know what that means for his oath of secrecy.”
“So how are we gonna do this?” her husband asked her. “We can’t just tell him his mother left him thirteen years ago to . . . die in the cold, can we?” He was getting angry.
“We’ll find a way,” Lora said.
“I bet you will, Mom,” Nora screamed and scampered from the door where she’d been listening in. Both adults lost their composure when they realized what had happened and Lora followed her daughter as she scaled the steps.
“Nora, wait! Nora,” she called out, picking up the school bag and shoes Nora had earlier discarded. “We can all talk this through.”
“No. We can’t, Mom,” Nora exploded, turning to face her mother halfway up. “For thirteen years I’ve been living with a lie and you think we can all talk through this? I’m old enough to know what you guys discussed in there, Mom. My brother died a long time ago and . . . and I’m making do with someone else’s kid.”
“It’s not like that, Nora. Matthew was . . . adopted.”
“Matthew is dead, Jesus,” ranted Nora. “You couldn’t even give him another name.” All the anger she had for Patricia was now directed towards her parents. “You made me believe all this.”
“It’s not like that, Nora,” repeated her mother. “When Matthew died I—I couldn’t deal with it, and . . . and I was told I couldn’t bare another child. We had to . . . adopt.” Lora had tears in her eyes then. “Please, honey . . . I’m sorry for all this. . . . It’s not your fault . . . you’re acting this way ’cause we kept this from you. Please . . . you must promise me he’ll still be a brother to you . . . .”
“He’s no such thing, Mom . . . and you know it.” And she ran up to her room.
Mrs. Quentin was heartbroken. This was what she’d feared all along. Now it was happening and she had already lost control. Crying, she fell into the waiting arms of her husband, who was lost for words, himself.
“I’m confused, John.”
“Me, too, honey.”

*     *     *

“Mommy, we’re home,” Stephanie yelled as she pushed open the entrance door. The next minute she was hugging her mother and dropping her school bag at the same time. “Orange juice,” she remembered and scaled familiar obstacles to head for the kitchen, Gavin in hot pursuit.
“Hi, Mom,” greeted Matthew as he closed the door behind him. She ruffled his hair playfully and hugged him far longer than she usually did. “Mom, you’re too tight,” he reminded her and she let him go, ruffling his hair the more and kissing him on the cheek.
“How was school today, darling?” she asked.
“Great,” he cheerfully said, blushing from the kiss. “Can I see the bike now, Mom?”
“Not until you’ve finished your glass of juice and changed for the evening,” laughed Lora. “Now, hop along.”
“Bicycle?” challenged Nora from upstairs as Matthew boyishly jumped two steps at a time in haste. She blocked his path.
“Hi, Nora,” he greeted, oblivious of her question. “Mom’s bought a bike for me.” He sneaked through underneath her left arm, deciding not to wait for her reply, and she glared at her mother, who quickly turned away.
“Why don’t you just tell him straight?” she bluntly proposed.
“Nora, why are you doing this?” pleaded her mother.
“Tell who what?” Matthew demanded.
“That you aren’t one of us?” his sister sarcastically replied and ran into her room.
Matthew stopped in his tracks.
“Girls,” he decided and turned to continue on his way. Mrs. Quentin breathed a sigh of relief. She would tell him when she wanted to, not when her daughter prompted her to.
And that must be very soon.

*     *     *

Inside her room, Nora cursed herself a thousand times over. She couldn’t tell what had gotten into her and she hated herself for this. Every sane teenager knew that adoption was a very normal thing, which grown-ups were legally allowed to do if they wanted to. Angelie Jolie had adopted like two or three of hers and that was so sweet of her, so what was the big deal? What if Matthew was adopted? Who cares?
Maybe her fight with Patricia was still affecting her, she thought. Maybe the only way to stop this new obsession with her parents’ long-kept secret was to forget this charged encounter with her rival, she told herself, but after trying to block out the episode with some other pleasant thoughts for some time, she gave up. The issue of Patricia trying to get back her boyfriend was now top priority for her and forgetting about it was impossible. Totally out of the question. Sadly, she flopped on her bed, exhausted.
An issue of Vogue lay on her bedside table, and she lazily picked it up to gaze at the models appearing for Ralph Lauren. She hoped to be one of them someday, but why did her parents keep Matthew’s death and Matthew 2’s adoption a secret this long? Her anger towards them must definitely stem from that fact, she thought, beginning to feel justified for her earlier outbursts. They were totally trying to ruin her young life at the moment if that was the kind of shocking news they must have conspiratorially decided to reveal to her on her twentieth birthday, and in that case, her accidental presence at that secret meeting of theirs was timely.
Again she glanced through some more pages of the Vogue magazine hoping to clear her mind somewhat, and failed woefully. Why was Mommy concerned about Mr. What’s-his-name spilling it all down at Frederick’s? And why wouldn’t she be? Maybe she doesn’t want the publicity or maybe she was trying to protect her adopted brother from that same publicity.
“That’s it,” she suddenly exclaimed, standing up and flinging away the Vogue. “That’s it,” but all of a sudden, she was frowning and trying to make out what ‘it’ was. She sat down again with a worried look on her beautiful face.
Patricia!
Her only enemy would devour her with this singular piece of news. And who’s gonna protect her from those awful school taunts and biting gossip? Matthew will be okay. He’s a boy.
Not her.
She’ll be devastated! Destroyed.
She might even lose Leonard!
“Oh, my God,” she whispered, and quickly got up to start walking about, agitated. “Oh, my God, this . . . this is not so happening to me. I’m in a dream and I will soon wake up.”
“Nora, hey Nora! Come out and see my bike. Stephanie’s riding it,” shouted Matthew as he banged on her door.
“Go away, Noise,” she wailed with vigor. “You’ll destroy my life.”
Ten years of a shared room could never change what was coming now! Unless she could prevent her friends from finding out in school, it’d be better to get run over by a truck!
Well, maybe a small car.

*     *     *

“Adopted? And what does that mean, Mom?”
“It means we took you into relationship as our child a long time ago,” replied his adopted mother, looking up to his adopted father for support.
“Yes, Matthew, and it also means we’ll take good care of all your needs until death do us part,” he agreed.
“Talk of looooove,” crooned Stephanie.
“Yeah, whatever,” sighed Nora, looking up to the heavens.
“We’re telling you this, darling, because . . . because things might get out of hand in school,” her mother quickly added.
“People . . . your friends, Matthew, might . . . talk,” explained Mr. Quentin. “You just have to ignore them.”
“Talk?” Matthew was sitting on his adopted mother’s lap and Stephanie was lying on the rug before the big sofa in the living room. She was told to skip ballet class due to this family ‘meeting’ and had obliged for a bowl of cookies, while Nora was getting her coupe refueled by Mom. The younger girl was even enjoying herself since she was still trying to figure out grown-ups. Nora was tense. “I can handle it, Dad,” said Matthew.
“Yeah, I thought as much,” Nora told him. “You perfectly understand the situation here, don’t you, Mr. Tinkerhead?”
“Nora.”
“But Mom, who’s gonna protect me in school? Who’s gonna protect Stephanie?”
“I’m alright,” pointed out Stephanie. “I don’t need protection, Miss Fine Face.”
“Children, stop name-calling yourselves,” their father ordered wearily. “Now, Nora, you know your friends are old enough to keep themselves out of other people’s business.”
“It’s not their problem, Dad, that’s why they won’t stay out of it. Besides, I’m popular? And I’ve got . . . enemies?”
“That should be your personal problem, Nora,” her mother told her. “You must learn to get along with everyone.”
“You—You don’t understand, Mom,” fretted her daughter. “Patricia will eat me alive.”
“Who’s Patricia?” chided Stephanie. “Your girlfriend?”
“Dad?” fumed Nora.
“Stephanie,” her father sternly warned her.
“Just joking,” she whined.
“Where’s my real mother?” Matthew suddenly asked.
“She left you out in the cold and ran away,” Nora bluntly told him without thinking twice about it. “She’s an evil monster.”
“Nora,” gasped her mother, sitting up straight. “Apologize.”
“No.”
“Apologize, Nora,” directed Dad.
“No, Dad,” she snapped, standing up. “I’ve had enough of this! I’m sick and tired of you two trying to make him alone feel at home. For all I care, he doesn’t belong here! He’s not my brother anymore! I should’ve said this ten years ago.”
Matthew was staring at her.
He had tears in his eyes.
“Alright, Nora,” her father finally said. “Go to your room.”
She ran.

*     *     *

Matthew was still stunned by Nora’s biting words when he got up to prepare for school the next morning. He went through his normal routine like a self-conscious robot, which had just lost the will to exist. None of the comforting words and hugs his adopted parents had given him after Nora’s outburst could vanquish this sad feeling and he somehow knew that this was not a good sign.
How she got to know what she had told him he could not tell, but despite the pleas from his adopted parents to ignore all that she did say, he knew she must have heard about his real mother from them, because when he pressed harder for answers from her mother, she tried to make him forget those questions he’d asked. To erase them completely from his memory.
But could he do that? He just wanted to know who and where his real mother was. Why he must find out, he didn’t know. Why he never thought of his real father he could not tell, although that question might actually be lurking deep within his subconscious, probably waiting for that particular yearning he was yet to know he harbored all this while.
“Matthew, come on down, honey, we’ll be late for school,” called out his adopted mother from the garage and he hastened up.
Nora he had tried to avoid since last night, even though he shouldn’t have bothered. She cared less, or so it seemed. Since her room was next to his, he knew when she woke up that morning and tiptoed into the bathroom, because he woke up before everyone that morning and heard her quietly close her door behind her. Later that morning, she’d met him as she came down the steps and had simply ignored him, her car key making loud music with the side rail.
“Matthew,” yelled Stephanie. “We’re gonna be late.”
“Coming,” he called back and slipped into his Spider-Man T-shirt. He heard Nora’s BMW purr like a wild cat as he hurried down the steps and met his adopted Dad preparing to leave for work in the living room.
“Going, Dad,” he called out.
“Hey.”
He turned.
“Whatever happens out there, Matt, never break,” said a smiling Mr. Quentin. Matthew thought the man could do without the ‘adopted’ part of the name. Only a true Dad could stand by his son in such a way, even if this son was adopted.
“Thanks . . . Dad,” said the boy, grinning and blushing, and stepped out into the waiting arms of his adopted mother.



Chapter 4: Bring It On!
ALL eyes were on her as she stepped out of her car and banged its door shut. Even Mr. Heaver stole a glance and that was good.
“Hey, Nora. You look great,” Mark called out to her as she passed his jalopy.
“I know,” she assured him, taking long strides that fully exhibited her legs. Although her attire was not bizarre, it helped accentuate her better qualities and expose her superb ones. Patricia was in for a surprise.
“Hi, Nora,” greeted an open-mouthed Linda.
“Awestruck?” smoothly asked Nora, turning round once to display herself. “This fight just got better.”
“Nora, all this for Leonard?” finally asked her classmate, giggling. “I bet he’s in for the shock of his life.”
“And I’m here to silence Patricia forever.”
“Absolutely,” drawled her maid.
“We’ve got Geography at eight, right?”
“Right.” Linda had two heavy landscape books with her. “You could help me with these, though.”
“Come on, it’s not like you’re drowning or something,” skipped Nora. “Besides, here we are.”
A large room, which extended down the building’s length and took up most of its first floor, was their destination. Large tables on which various models were placed covered its interior and a podium took up one end, while a white board occupied the wall above this elevation.
“Okay, class, we start today with a very interesting topic: Earthquakes,” began Miss Mooney, their Geography teacher. “By the way, good morning, Miss Quentin, and please don’t take away the attention of the class.”
“I can’t believe she actually noticed you,” whispered Linda as she sat down beside Nora and before a model of Mount Vesuvius. “Miss Mooney never notices anybody with those goggles of hers.”
“Girl power?” hissed Nora. “It’s all about girl power.”
Of course, Patricia was here and had noticed her as well. Sadly, and unfortunately for her, she wasn’t ‘dressed to kill’ like Nora and didn’t represent a threat to Leonard’s full attention that day. The battle had already been won even before it started! Leonard’s attention was already hers to do with as she pleased.
“Nora?” repeated Miss Mooney, now turning to face her. “Could you please tell us what an earthquake is?”
“Uh. . . . Yes, Miss Mooney,” she blurted out, turning to Linda for support.
The other girl caught her eye sign and defined the term on a blank sheet on her lap in bold capital letters. “Uh. . . . An earthquake? Is . . . a convulsion of the Earth’s surface?”
“Yes, Nora,” agreed Miss Mooney. “I was beginning to feel we were losing you back there,” and Nora lost whatever she continued with, because Leonard and his squad suddenly crossed the building on their way to practice and she found herself in cloud nine. Did he actually wink at her back there?
Linda nudged her as Miss Mooney babbled on. “Look,” she directed towards Patricia’s group, her voice bolder and annoyed. These girls were chuckling and throwing side-glances in her direction. Nora wondered what joke Patricia must have told them.
“I wonder what she’s up to?” she thought out loud.
“You?” reminded Linda.
“What?”
“You don’t know?” Her friend was amazed. “Nora, it’s all over town.”
“That I’m beautiful? It’s old story, dear.”
“No, about Matthew.”
A cold wind caught Nora and she tried to shrug it off. This had been her fear since last night, but Dad might be right after all. Her friends would do well not to meddle in her private affairs.
“She can’t use that against me, Linda,” she aired with confidence. “No one will take that serious.”
“Hello?” whispered Linda in earnest, alarmed, as she looked on straight at Miss Mooney. “You forget who you’re dealing with, Nora. Be careful with this . . . battle for Leonard.”
“We’ll see.”
After a two-hour session of Math following Geography’s one hour, both girls went to have their lunch at the school’s cafeteria. On their way, they passed Peter and his new Nigerian friend and the Jewish boy couldn’t help gawking at Nora after exchanging pleasantries with them.
“He’s nuts, that one,” Nora said with a laugh when they were out of earshot.
“You seem to be generating loads of attention, girl,” agreed Linda. “Here, model yourself for me again,” and Nora created space for herself, and spun round once.
A simple red, midriff, body-hugging blouse gave way to a very short jean-skirt, which appeared torn off before mid-thigh. The blouse accentuated her blonde hair and the skirt worked wonders for her legs. Simple white loafers completed the attire and she carried no school bag. It was like she was going to a beach party.
“You rock, girl! Go, girl,” laughed Linda, unconsciously swinging the Geography books around. She also thought Nora looked like a baby prostitute, but warily kept this to herself.
“Thanks,” Nora said and meant it. They were to drop the two books in the library before continuing to the cafeteria. Little did they know who awaited them there and what she had up her sleeveless sleeve.
“Patricia.”
“Well, well, well. Look who just showed up,” was the reply. “It’s the Queen of Sleepy Lake High, herself, and . . . and her left foot.”
The three girls had blocked their path inside the library and they could all only whisper in low tones.
“What do you want?” demanded Nora, trying to look and sound brave.
Tricia walked up to her, and since their heights were almost level, she looked directly into the other girl’s eyes and drew near to mouth the words in her ears.
“I’ve invited Leonard and his friends to the gym at two, Nora,” she coldly began. “What if you meet me there so that he can choose who he really likes when we . . . undress for him?” she teased, a finger in her mouth.
“Oooooooooo,” her two friends brilliantly added.
“Deal,” snapped Nora in her rage.
“Nora, no,” softly protested Linda. She was putting back the books on their shelf and was lucky to have heard the lewd details of the challenge. “You’ll be expelled if you get caught! Besides, this looks like a trick.”
“You just lost it, doormat,” Patricia told her. “She just agreed, and we’ll only strip down to our undies?”
And they were gone.
“How could you agree to that?” began a confrontational Linda after this. Her voice was quite audible and some readers turned towards them, so they quickly left the place. “What came into you, Nora?”
“I had no choice,” protested Nora. “Besides, I’ll win.”
“Walk away.”
“Why?”
“I don’t like this, Nora.”
“Who said I’ll lose?” she confidently pointed out, adamantly heading for the gym. “We’ll finish this before our lunch in no time, believe me.” But Linda was definitely worried.
“Come on,” urged Nora. “No one will be there but us. They’re all eating now.”
The school’s gymnasium and all the P.T. classrooms where located inside a huge whitewashed building, which stood alone behind the other notable infrastructures and facilities. This large indoor hall doubled as both a gymnasium and a stadium for the school’s basketball team. It was here that Leonard and Patricia were waiting for them with their separate set of friends in a dimly lit corner of the hall.
“Hi, Leonard, dear,” smiled Nora, running up to hug him.
“Hi, Nora,” he returned, a bit uncomfortable with himself as they embraced each other.
“I thought you’ll all come alone,” observed Linda.
“But you came with her,” Patricia said and turned to her enemy. “Are you ready, Nora?” she sweetly enquired.
“Well . . . yes,” Nora replied, looking around at the empty seats and closed doors of the gym. She straightened her short skirt with naïve hands and waited.
“We’ll do this when I give the word, right?” stated Patricia, coming over to stand beside her and before Leonard. The others drew nearer, holding their breaths and Linda tried to dissuade her friend for the last time by shaking her head at her, but Nora had made up her mind.
“Let’s do this,” she whispered, looking at Leonard who looked visibly embarrassed, but was trying to hide this from everyone, especially his friends.
“Yeah, let’s do this,” he told them and they nodded behind him.
They all waited for Patricia, who looked around to see whether the janitor was snoring on one of the seats or there was an intruder. Linda thought she was faking it.
“Now,” she breathed and Nora pulled up her blouse.
“Stop,” snapped Leonard and she pulled it back down. “Stop this, Nora. I’ve seen enough.”
Nora Quentin was speechless. She turned to Patricia for support.
Foolishly.
“I told you, Leonard,” her sly enemy exclaimed, drawing away from her. “I told you, didn’t I?”
“Yes, you did, Tricia. I—I was a fool,” he agreed.
“Can someone tell me what’s going on?” Nora sadly pleaded when the gathered started shaking their heads and looking away. Except Linda, that is.
“What more is there to tell, Nora?” one of Leonard’s friends asked her.
“Yeah, what more is there to tell, Nora?” asked Leonard. “We all know your only brother was adopted. So, either your mother lost her womb as a call girl after producing another very like her, or you were adopted like your brother. From an orphanage dealing with call girls.”
“But . . . but Tricia said . . .”
“Told you what?” took up Patricia. “That Leonard will agree to choose between us like this? And you jumped at the chance, Nora. Just like your mother.”
“How do I know you don’t do this kind of thing around town, Nora?” asked Leonard, enraged. “How do I know you don’t sleep around?”
“Your friend tried to warn you, Nora,” Patricia continued, enjoying herself as Leonard placed his arm around her waist. “You ignored her, Nora, because you thought you’ll win. Like always.”
“Leonard, I thought you . . ,” began Nora. She was confused.
“What, you . . . think I like . . . this?” Leonard asked her. “You think I love seeing . . . naked girls? You should forget all those stories you hear about me, really. Wow. I never knew you could be so cheap, Nora,” he spat out, to the approval of his friends, as well as Patricia’s.
Nora fled.

*     *     *

Both boys stood a few meters apart in Mr. Pebblestone’s office. They were facing the wall as punishment, and whenever the principal was not looking, they quickly got some reprieve by swinging both arms, although this wasn’t as often as they would have wanted.
Matthew was tired. The fight had taken more out of him than he’d ever imagined and he just wanted to go home. He now knew that Nora was right after all. His name was on the lips of every kid in school, and what they were saying about him wasn’t good, either, although he was glad to have openly confronted Fat George when the bully decided to harass him before the class. He never knew he could do this, but he guessed his affiliation with Spider-Man had bolstered his courage, successfully enabling him to take on the bigger boy.
“Alright, who started this?” Mr. Pebblestone suddenly snapped, bringing him back to the present.
Appropriately called ‘The Hawk’ behind his back by his students, the British head teacher of Sleepy Lake Elementary Middle School definitely knew how to deal with rebels like the two in his office. Tall and gaunt with a long, curved nose almost hiding sharp, piercing eyes, Mr. Pebblestone appeared to have borrowed the features of an evil wizard from a fairy tale book. What was actually left out were the long ears of an elf and the children often added these whenever they were depicting him on their blackboards.
“Well?” He waited.
“Matthew started it, sir,” began Fat George, all humble and respectful. He’d been brought down twice by the smaller boy and that was humiliating enough. “He’s always jeering me in class.”
“Liar,” denied Matthew, turning to him in anger. “Mary Ann started it, sir. She told him I’m a bastard and he came up to me with her.”
“That’s not true,” grumbled Fat George.
“I never told you to turn away from the wall, Mr. Quentin.”
“Sorry, sir,” apologized Matthew.
“Now,” the head teacher continued, turning away with his hands held together behind his back, “I think you both deserve to be more severely punished—and I intend to find a more deserving punishment for this act of . . . of rebellion and utter disregard for the rules in my school by the both of you.
“But first of all,” he added, reaching for the drawer below his desk, “I shall have to pencil down your names in my black book.”
“A black what?” demanded Fat George.
“What’s a black book, sir?” asked Matthew.
“It’s a book in which I blacklist names of misfits like you, Mr. Quentin,” replied Mr. Pebblestone. “People who hurt my work and . . . and indirectly hurt me by hurting my work.”
“Sorry, Mr. Pebblestone,” apologized the boy, trying to appear distraught, although his excitement couldn’t hide itself. Here was the real job of a black book and he couldn’t have found out about this at a more appropriate time!
As they both left Mr. Pebblestone’s office, Matthew started thinking of ways he could retrieve his last find in the attic from Nora. Fat George was definitely a misfit, and Mary Ann, too. Their names he knew and could spell, so he just needed a pen.
“I read up a very interesting word in the dictionary yesterday,” commenced Mary Ann when they entered their class. “It means a child who is born to unmarried parents.”
Nobody laughed except Fat George.
He was trying to assert himself again.

*     *     *

“I knew it, Mom, I knew it,” shouted Nora as she entered the living room.
“Knew what, dear?” enquired her surprised mother, looking up from her writing. “What happened in school?”
“This is gonna destroy my life,” she cried, turning from the first step up to her room. “It’s everywhere in town. I can’t even live here anymore.”
“Calm down, Nora. You’re freaking me out,” ordered her mother, standing up. “It hurts me more than you’ll ever know, dear, and there’s nothing we can do about it.”
“We can move again, Mom,” Stephanie suggested at the door, looking tired and edgy. She wasn’t crying, but her mother’s heart still went out to her.
“Oh, baby. Come here, my sweet.” And she eagerly ran into her mother’s open arms.
“We cannot do that, Steph,” Matthew said behind her. “It will all go away in a few days, I promise.”
“You stay away from me,” growled Nora, pointing at him. “Don’t you ever come an inch near me.”
“I need my book back,” Matthew told her. “You never paid for it, yourself.”
“And you think I care now for that . . . miserly scrap of junk?” she returned. “I just lost Leonard because of you and all you can tell me is to give you back that . . . crap?”
Her mother turned to her. “Oh, Nora,” she softly whispered.
“Well, take it, anyway,” her daughter continued. “You’ve already ruined my life, you . . . outcast.”
And she ran up to her room.
This time, Matthew did not cry.
He’d found another misfit.
“Nora is calling Matthew names, Mommy,” Stephanie pointed out, tugging her mother by the hand. “She deserves to miss dinner.”
“She’s just angry, Steph,” said Lora, drawing Matthew to herself. “You know you must forgive her, don’t you, Matthew?” but he said nothing, prompting her to continue. “And what’s about this . . . book, anyway?”
“Nothing, Mom,” he replied, feeling hurt and angry. “It’s about that book I found in the attic and gave to her.”
“Mommy, Matthew fought today,” began Stephanie.
“What?”



Chapter 5: Revenge!
THE next day was Saturday so Stephanie was off to her ballet class after breakfast—Daddy was to drop her on his way to his office. Mommy had done some gardening before breakfast, but she needed to do some washing afterwards and had headed into town with the Wrangler and a trunk full of dirty clothes. So Matthew was left alone with his adopted senior sister and they were still not talking to each other.
Actually, Nora had felt sorry for her attitude towards him all through that night, but she was so ashamed of herself to show it during breakfast and even failed to help him wash up afterwards. Matthew thought she wasn’t worth worrying about and skipped over to his PlayStation when he got free time.
And still trying to understand how Patricia had snatched Leonard from her (although the reasons were so obvious) Nora slipped into old jeans and threw on a pink T-shirt before grabbing her car key and zooming off to see Linda.
Matthew realized he was finally alone in the house. He stopped the game and closed the entrance door from within, since in her usual manner, Nora had left it ajar when she used it. Next, he went up the stairs and looked for her room’s spare key where she habitually kept it in the side-pouch of her pink ‘Welcome’ bag. Matthew abhorred pink in so many ways, and he showed his dislike by gingerly holding the handle of her pink door as he pushed it open, hoping to find a better world inside.
“Ow, great,” he dejectedly whispered when he peeped in. Apart from the teen magazines and fashion issues he observed lying around, as well as the many girlie dresses and accessories he knew to be in her wardrobe, a pink world was about to embrace him. Even her CD player was pink. A darker shade, but still pink.
“Now, where would she keep it?” he thought aloud as he walked shoeless into the room on a soft pinkish rug of artificial fur. Under the bed? Or in her wardrobe? It must be under her bed, so he took a peep, only to find so many girlie shoes and boots arranged in a row. More fashionable shoes and boots filled the lowest floor of her wardrobe and Matthew waded through these with his hands in search of the book.
He failed to find it and straightened up with lines on his forehead.
Then he found it.
She’d already thrown it into her pink wastebasket and he quickly retrieved it with pride, looking it over like newfound treasure.
“Matthew, what are you doing?” Stephanie asked him from the door, a glass of cold juice in her hand.
“Em . . . Stephanie! I thought you went to ballet class?” He was visibly flustered by her sudden appearance. Like he’d seen a ghost!
“There’s none today,” she flippantly revealed to him. “Dad just dropped me off right now. What are you doing?”
“Em . . . just looking around.” And he laughed half-heartedly.
“You can’t fool me,” she said as a matter of fact. “Come on, I’m nine years old.”
“Right.” He cleared his throat, the book behind his back. “I was . . . investigating.”
“Investigating?” Stephanie’s eyes were huge.
“Yeah . . . sure. For Mom. She says Nora’s on drugs and I should look around.”
“Look around? Was that why she was shouting at you yesterday?”
Matthew nodded solemnly and drew nearer to her. “Mom says we mustn’t tell her until she confirms this. Promise?”
“Uhuuuuuh.” She nodded and left the door. Matthew breathed a sigh of relief and locked up Nora’s room behind him.
His own door was open.
“What do you have behind you?”
“My book?” he replied, sitting down before his desk. Stephanie was still sipping her juice as she studied the many Spider-Man posters on his wall.
“Why is he so . . . weirdly dressed?” she asked him.
“He’s a hero, Steph,” he replied. “Now, I’ve got to study.”
“Alright,” she agreed and skipped out of the room. “Don’t worry about Nora,” she called back and he smiled fondly.
His interest went back to the book.
It was slightly warm and he wondered why, running his finger over the worn edge of the front black cover. After a second examination, he concluded that it had been thrown into fire sometime in the past. He was yet to find out that he was very wrong about this.
The book’s binding was intricately and expertly done with a kind of ancient rope he assumed to be animal skin, and when he flipped it open, he was affronted with a bold name fashionably written with ink on the first whitish-brown page.
Cardinal Marcos
A name he never glanced at twice but assumed to be that of a very important previous owner of the book. Below it was the name of a soldier in what looked like actual ballpoint ink and Matthew wondered how this Captain Ray John Hayfield had come to be in possession of this strange-looking book, probably after encountering the cardinal guy.
More surprises awaited him as he flipped open the next page. A list of names graced this particular page and he noted their military titles. He also decided that the pen used here was the same one Captain Hayfield had used to write his own name, and thus concluded that the fifteen owners, or more, of these names could be the captain’s own men.
He didn’t stop here. He turned to the third page, which had no names written on it, and with an indelible marker, which he usually used to draw, he wrote down two names here.
Fat George and Mary Ann.
Nora he’d decided to give another chance.

*     *     *

“I can’t believe he did what he did to me, Linda,” Nora told her friend. “It all. . . . It all seems like a dream.”
“Then wake up, dear,” Linda said, rolling her eyes in exasperation. “Tricia tricked you and you’ve gotta do the same thing if you definitely want Leonard back.”
“But I thought he . . . loved me.”
“For chrisakes, Nora,” snapped Linda. “You call a crush love? Leonard had a crush on you and never fell in love with you. He probably loves Patricia more than he fancies you.”
“Great. Now I’ll have to kill myself,” gave up her blonde friend.
“You’re overreacting,” whined Linda. “Pull yourself together, girl. We can defeat your enemy with a little trick.”
“And how on earth are we gonna do that?”
“She won’t even know what hit her,” confided her friend. “I’m still working on the details, but I’ve recruited Patricia’s neighbor to help me.”
“And when can we spring this?” demanded Nora.
“Soon,” she placated. “Very, very soon.”

*     *     *

Mary Ann Whitely got off her mother’s Buick and quickly stepped on a little girl’s foot when her mother had driven off. The girl didn’t cry since she knew what would happen if she did. Her fat offender turned back to her and she ran away, frightened. Laughing, the big girl pirouetted on her heels and walked into the school hall.
Mary Ann was ugly. Very ugly. Her face could have been that of a chimpanzee’s and her hair had refused to grow longer than a boy’s for some reason of its own. Hence she dressed like a boy and looked like a boy almost every other school day. Whenever she decided to wear a dress, she would increase her bullying and try to be nastier than every other kid in the school, but whenever she opted for a pair of jeans and a T-shirt, her mouth superseded her.
Miss Whitely had no friends. Those who thronged around her did so because she was a rich kid and they feared her. More so, her mouth had somehow made her a very popular person, and how she loved attention! She created it whenever it was lacking and stole it whenever it was someone else’s.
At the door leading to the corridor behind the school’s main hall, she bumped into Stephanie who was hurrying to class from the girl’s room and this made her angry enough to step on Stephanie’s right foot. But the smaller girl was expecting this and quickly withdrew her leg before the other’s thumped on the floor, making her angrier.
“Nobody does that to me,” she yelled and reached out her smacking hand, only to be pushed away by Matthew, who was through the door just in time.
“And here comes the knight in shining armor,” she threw at him, bystanders beginning to become onlookers. “Too bad you’ll not be with her throughout the day, bastard.” This generated laughter.
“I hate you, Mary Ann,” Stephanie screamed, but Matthew stopped her from coming forward.
“I am no bastard, Mary Ann,” he coldly told the girl. “I’ve got a father and a mother. Better ones than yours and I hope you know that.”
“Liar,” yelled the fat girl. “Your mother left you, so you’re a bastard, You couldn’t tell your mom from a whore.”
Matthew wondered where she got those words.
“Suit yourself,” he told her. “You’re a misfit anyway, and you’re in my black book.”
“So now you . . . head this school?”
More laughter. More annoying laughter, but without a word, Matthew walked away with his adopted sister. Ever since he’d squarely faced Fat George the other day, everybody was becoming afraid of him. Even Mary Ann was finding it difficult to air her views about him when they were alone for fear of what he might do in retaliation. Fat George got two bruises on his forehead and that never looked nice. It was even more terrifying to know that it was Matthew who’d given him those bruises. Nobody wanted these ‘gifts’ of his, to say the least, and they quickly made way for him as he led Stephanie to her class.
The crowd dispersed with Mary Ann, but Matthew watched his adopted sister walk into her classroom just to be sure she would be alright.
“Call Miss Randall if you’re in trouble,” he advised her and she nodded, turning to him with a smile.
“Thanks, Matt,” she said and he smiled back. Barbara walked past on her way to their classroom and he turned to follow her. She looked beautiful in a straight green dress.
“Hi,” he greeted, but she didn’t return it. “Barbara, what’s the matter?” He was trying to keep up with her.
“You, Matthew,” she finally said, stopping to face him.
“Me?” He also stopped, and she nodded.
“I—I can’t be seen with you . . . anymore,” she stammered. “It’s—It’s okay to be adopted, but I’ll be laughed at if I keep showing up with you in class.”
Matthew was amazed. He hadn’t even told her she was his idol and here she was trying to deny him any opportunity.
“Mary Ann, right?” he reasoned and she agreed completely. What she didn’t tell him was that she’d envied him long enough and was tired of doing so. Of course she never knew she was causing so much rivalry between him and Fat George by being his friend, but this wasn’t why she had opted to stop being friendly to him.
How she would love to be taken home in an Escalade for once in her middle school life rather than in the regular refurbished school bus. How she would love to have all those nice clothes Stephanie always took for granted rather than the hand-me-downs nobody knew was her elder sister’s because they always fitted her perfectly. How she would love to eat those yummy meals he shared with her and the others alone during break. And how she loathed him but pretended to be his friend so that she could enjoy his meals and loathe him the more.
Barbara stayed away from Fat George because she disliked him, but was Matthew’s friend because she envied him. So Fat George hated Matthew the more for this, and Barbara hated Matthew the more for this, and when there’s a single enemy, a certain kind of friendship blossoms between old enemies. Mary Ann was actually the bridge between Barbara and Fat George, and Barbara had agreed to leave Matthew because he insulted this queen of bullies.
“I’m sorry, Matt,” she lied. “Don’t wanna get hurt.”
And Matthew walked into class behind her dejected and ashamed of himself. Again, Nora was right. He was truly an outcast and was beginning to wonder what others were really thinking of him. If Barbara could leave him because she was told to . . . 
Or was she?
It suddenly dawned on him.
She was laughing with Fat George and Mary Ann before his very eyes and she looked less concerned about what he thought of this. She appeared somehow relieved, and even dared him wickedly with her eyes. Not once, but twice! Matthew realized he was seeing a new Barbara and painfully swallowed this bitter truth. She’d been deceiving him all this while! Embarrassed by his finding, he sat down beside Anderson.
“Barbara’s joined my enemies,” he wailed.
“And so have I, dude,” Anderson surprised him with. “Sorry dude, but you don’t rock anymore.” He shifted his desk away from Matthew’s and that was significant. The class noted this monumental breakup with roaring laughter.
Even Barbara laughed.
“I can’t believe it,” muttered Matthew under his breath. “Two new misfits in one day?”



Chapter 6: Missing
WHEN he got home, he quickly inked two more names into his black book. Anderson and Barbara. They deserved nothing worse.
Matthew had realized that this exercise was a kind of psychological relief for him, and his own secret way of getting back at all of them. He was so pleased with this new ‘punishment’ book of his that he created a special place for it on his shelf of Spider-Man comic books, Spider-Man models and detective novels.
“Matthew, Matthew, Mom’s arguing with Nora,” shouted Stephanie from his door and he closed the book. “What are you doing?” she queried.
“Nothing?” he replied, getting up. He failed to see the book’s edges beginning to smolder as he followed Stephanie out of his room and closed the door behind him. Now Nora’s voice was audible from down below since she was shouting. Her mother appeared to be trying to reason with her in a lower tone of voice.
“I won’t, Mom,” she angrily repeated. “He’s not my brother and we all know that, and lest we forget, I lost Leonard because of him?”
“Don’t you think Leonard must be a fool to have left you because of him?” Lora pressed on and this peeved her daughter. How could she understand? It was all more complicated than just Matthew’s adoption. Patricia’s trick had contributed immensely to Nora’s loss, but she didn’t want to mention this, because it would implicate her in no small manner.
“I don’t think so, Mom,” she vehemently denied. “Leonard is . . . under pressure from all this. He’s really trying to . . . understand it all.”
“I feel you, dear, but you must apologize to Matthew. What’s gotten into you, Nora?”
“I won’t, Mom,” she screamed, freaking out, and stalked away, sulking. “He’s not a Quentin and will never be.”
“Nora’s angry,” Stephanie observed beside Matthew and he sadly nodded.
“She’s a misfit,” he unconsciously told her.
“Who’s a misfit, Matt?”
“Dunno,” he confessed. “Anybody can be one anytime. Anderson was one today and I put his name in my black book.”
“The one you got from Nora’s room?”
He nodded. Nora’s name was next.

*     *     *

By Wednesday, Fat George had been announced missing by his parents and the police. Sergeant Bradley of the Sleepy Lake Police Department was given charge of the boy’s case and he dropped by Matthew’s school to see Mr. Pebblestone and interview some of the kids and teachers.
Of particular interest to him was when the boy was last seen, and whether he’d confronted anybody with a threat before he disappeared altogether. The second question became pertinent when the sergeant came to an unfavorable conclusion about the missing boy’s character and behavior, and of course Matthew was singled out as the bully’s latest opponent, immediately going into a closed-door session with the police officer.
When it was over, nobody was the more wiser concerning what they had discussed and the boy’s reaction to questions posed to him, because Bradley immediately left in his squad car and Matthew returned to his class without revealing much.
However, a new rumor had been quietly spreading through the length and breadth of the school building ever since the SLPD sergeant ‘picked him up’ for ‘questioning.’ Fanned by the embers of Mary Ann’s associates, this story was rapidly bringing cold fear into the hearts and minds of the younger children.
Fat George was missing because he’d been killed! Matthew was the killer and the body must be lying somewhere in the lake if only the police would carefully look.
Nobody wondered how such a shallow lake could hide such a fat boy. They only repeated the story because it was sensational and smoothly fitted into the longer one Mary Ann had been feeding their minds with all this while.
Nobody told Matthew about this story, but he quickly figured it all out when the younger ones started calling him ‘The Killer’ and keeping their distance from him. His classmates had even gone to the extreme by pushing his desk and chair to the wall before everyone else’s and falling silent whenever he came into the classroom. Even Anderson had mouthed the word ‘killer’ in his face when he tried to make up by asking the black boy what time it was. They now feared him, but he knew they were still chiding him behind his back.
Murmuring and giggles always came from all around him and now, someone laughed out loud far behind him. It was Rupert—Mary Ann’s associate and Fat George’s sidekick.
Rupert’s father was the town butcher and his mother sold tulips in Sleepy Lake’s open market. Some said his father often abused him back home and this was why he molested younger kids in school, although Matthew’s present interest in him was not due to this particular story. He’d been instrumental in spreading the false rumor of his master’s death to the higher classes and Matthew knew this.
His name deserved to be in the black book.

*     *     *

Nora suddenly met her adopted brother on the stairs as she was going down to watch her favorite series on TV. He was just coming back from school and looked worn-out, tired and angry with himself. Who knows how his mates were treating him and the number of friends he must have lost ever since all this began?
Her heart went out to him.
Being an adopted son must be a hard way to live, especially when you have nobody but your adopted parents and younger sister to support you.
Again, she felt so ashamed of the part she’d played in creating this bitter atmosphere for him and touched his shoulder when he decided to ignore her and continue on his way.
“Matthew, I’m sorry . . .”
“It’s too late, Nora,” he snapped. “You’re already in my book.”
“What?”
Her cell phone rang and he took that opportunity to evade her.
“Yes?”
“Nora, I’ve fixed up a plan,” announced Linda. “You’ll love it.”
“Shoot.”
“Tricia’s got a girlfriend. As in a lover?”
“How did you—”
“Find out? Peter approached a girl, who happens to be her neighbor, and she revealed everything to him.”
“Peter?” Nora thought she was going deaf.
“Yeah, the Jew?” agreed Linda. “Said he heard what happened and wanted to help you.”
“But how did he—”
“Make her talk? He didn’t. She just . . . talked,” was the reply. “Eva—that’s her name—seems to be madly in love with our girl and she got angry when Peter came around asking about her.”
“You knew this before, didn’t you?” Nora accused.
“Yes, Nora. I didn’t want you doing anything stupid. Besides, Eva has agreed to break up Patricia’s relationship with Leonard.”
“You told her?”
“Sure,” replied Linda. “She’s the neighbor I was telling you about the other day and she’s really going crazy about this.”
“So, how do we do this?”
“We’ll make Leonard see them together . . . unclad?”
“I think I like it,” said a delighted Nora.
“Yeah, he doesn’t know where Patricia lives yet. Close sources say she’s yet to invite him, so we’ll send him an invitation from her.”
“When are we doing this?” demanded Nora with glee.
“Tomorrow? After school?”
“Great,” she agreed. “And thanks! You’re the best.”
She was smiling as she ended the call. Matthew was now the last thing on her mind.
The doorbell rang.
“I’ll get it,” she called out to Mom, who was busy in the kitchen. Stephanie was watching the Smallville series on TV and eating candy, and Nora cursed herself for forgetting about her favorite show altogether.
Sergeant Bradley grinned at her when she opened the entrance door. He was accompanied by a female officer and a young boy with an oriental face.
“Hello, Nora,” he began. “Can I see your father?”
“Um. . . . Sure.”
She invited them in and went to get Dad from his library. The sergeant remained standing with the two behind him.
“Good day, Brad,” Mr. Quentin beamed, shaking their hands when he came in with Nora. “What can I do for you?”
“It’s about your son, John,” Bradley began, still standing.
“Matthew?” demanded Mrs. Quentin, cleaning her wet hands with a cotton towel outside the kitchen’s door. “What about him, Brad?”
She feared the worst. Matthew came out from his room and peeped through the balcony railings while Stephanie came up behind Nora and stared at the uniformed people. Was that Yung Ji with them?
“Well, Lora,” replied the policeman, “another kid in his class has been reported missing and this young man says he saw Matthew beating her after school today.”
“A second kid?” incredulously asked Lora.
“I just want some answers from him, that’s all,” the sergeant said.
“He’s lying,” Matthew shouted as he ran down the steps. “I didn’t do what he said I did.”
Yung Ji hid himself behind Bradley’s partner. His parents migrated from China five years ago and Matthew never knew him to be this funny. “He’s gonna kill me, too,” the boy stammered. “Either her body’s inside the lake or he hid her in the house.”
“I’m sorry I have a warrant for your house, John,” Sergeant Bradley told Mr. Quentin, who solemnly nodded, and allowed them to go upstairs.
“Don’t you see?” Matthew pressed on. “They’re both in this together! Fat George must be avoiding school with Mary Ann. They must have hidden somewhere.”
“Where?” Nora asked him, considering whether to believe him or not.
“You don’t care,” Matthew indicted. “Why do you even ask?”
Nobody noticed he’d mentioned a name when the officers were yet to do so.
The sergeant came down and searched the basement afterwards. It was futile and he met his junior to confirm a negative result from her. Mr. Quentin met him on his way out and raised questioning eyebrows.
Bradley shook his head and smiled. “Nothing, John,” he said and started for the main door. “Just let us know when you remember something, Matthew,” he told Lora’s adopted son on his way out with the other two. “And thanks, John . . . Lora. Thanks for understanding. Sorry about this, though.”
And they were gone.
“I didn’t beat her, Mom,” Matthew protested. “Mary Ann’s bigger than me, I can never do that to her.”
“And she’s a bully, Mommy,” Stephanie added.
“What do you mean by that?” asked Mommy. “A girl?”
“She beats up girls and talks down boys,” explained Matthew.
“And what’s the school doing about this?” asked Daddy.
“Nothing?”
“Impossible. I must talk to Mr. Pebblestone about this.”
“But you must believe Matthew first, Daddy,” Stephanie persuaded.
Matthew was touched.
“I know you didn’t do it, Matt,” his adopted mother told him, ruffling his hair, “but why is this . . . Mary Ann . . . missing just a day after Albert’s son disappeared?”
They all had no answer for this.



Chapter 7: A Curious Book & Linda's Plan
IT looked like the sergeant didn’t open the black book when he searched the room and Matthew was uncomfortably grateful for this, because he couldn’t even imagine what would have happened if the officer had noticed the book and the names in it in the first place.
The old book lay on the table where he had left it when he had gone downstairs. The edges of its pages appeared scorched anew and he wondered why he’d never noticed this before as he sat down and picked up his marker.
Its leather cover was very warm when he placed his palm on it, and puzzled by this strange observation, he wondered whether Nora had tried to burn it when he was not around, sniffing the air for match fumes. He failed to have ever remembered noticing the ‘warm book’ phenomenon before and thought she must have been on this mission before he unintentionally came back home from school. This might have happened when she wasn’t expecting him so soon and he hoped she didn’t tamper with any other precious item of his.
However, he quickly forgot all this and his interest went back to the black leather-bound collection of ancient paper before him. He’d noticed a kind of engraving on its leather cover and had discovered this same symbol on the left side of the back cover, although on a smaller scale.
Two similarly shaped triangles of equal size were placed on each other to form a kind of star. One he’d seen on a particular country’s flag, although he couldn’t remember the country in question.
Rummaging through his memory of national names, he finally came to the conclusion that he must upgrade his knowledge of world states as urgently as he could and forgot the symbol altogether as he opened the book to its third page. Yung Ji’s name he now scribbled in under Nora’s and glowed with pride at the list of six names he now had on this page.
This was not as grand-looking as the forgotten captain’s list of sixteen on the book’s second page, but it was still an achievement. He hoped to increase the number of names on his page in the days to come, but, just like Mr. Pebblestone, he was yet to decide on a deserving punishment for these defaulters.
“Is that your book, Matthew?” Stephanie asked him from his door and he started in fright. Her sneaking skills were getting better by the day!
“Yeah, Steph,” he quickly replied. “You never knocked.”
“I can’t do that with a glass of juice for you in one hand and a plate of cookies for you in the other,” she rapped, placing the items on his table. “Now, how’s Nora’s investigation coming up?”
“Nora?”
“The drugs?” she helped.
“Yeah, the . . . drugs,” he remembered. “I’m still working on it.”
“Have you written her name in the book?”
When did he tell her all this?
“Sure, but you must promise me you won’t tell anybody.”
“But Nora told me you told her, yourself,” she objected and he stared at her in amazement. When did he tell Nora? “Can I see her name in your book, Matthew?” she pleaded.
“No, Steph,” he exclaimed. “Although it’s a harmless book, it’s also a top secret one. I’m the only one allowed to see those names, and . . . and write them on its pages.”
Stephanie’s eyes were huge.
It was like her adopted brother was being possessive of the book and this sounded very exciting!

*     *     *

Patricia placed her arms around Leonard’s neck and fixed her gaze on Nora when the blonde Quentin passed them on her way out of the school’s football stadium after practice. Coach Author had taken his boys through a rigorous drill and the cheerleading team was there on his orders to watch and appreciate what it took to win.
Nora understood where the coach was coming from, but she wanted to win back her boyfriend from Patricia before winning any other thing.
“Don’t worry; she doesn’t love him . . . yet,” Linda assured her as she walked up. “She’s doing all this ‘coz she’s . . . jealous of you.”
“I can kill her with my bare hands,” swore Nora.
“And get a prisoner’s job in SLPD?” proposed her friend. “Nora, come on.”
“Alright,” she agreed. “Where do we go from here?”
“We’ll give him this when he’s on his way home. It’s a letter purported to be from Tricia. Peter copied her writing.”
“Peter can do that?” Nora asked her in awe.
“Sure. His friend will help us get the message across.”
“Who?”
“I.K.? The guy from the UK?” clarified the other girl. “Anyway, Eva’s job is to lure our victim to her house and . . . and do whatever they do in her room. Time is four in the evening. We’ll make sure Leonard sees that.”
“You’ve done well, soldier,” Nora congratulated her, patting her on the back. “Let’s go celebrate.” And they walked out of the stadium, hand in hand.
Patricia will never know what hit her! Really.
The plan was tight and the game was on.

*     *     *

Several hours later, still dressed in his sportswear, Leonard met Peter’s African friend, Ikechukwu, leaning on the door of his Cobra.
“What is this?” he demanded.
“I’ve got an invite from your Tricia,” the Nigerian smoothly started. “She begged me to help her since she needed to go home and prepare the party.”
“A party?” Leonard took the note and read with interest. “I hope she’s not inviting dudes like you.”
The messenger shook his head. “She said it’s just for friends. A small . . . party—and don’t worry, I know you didn’t mean that the way it came out.” He knew he wouldn’t be there if not for Peter.
“No hard feelings, dude. I was just joking, okay?” Leonard defended and swooped into his car. “Besides, I’ve been to Nigeria when I was a kid. Awesome country.”
As soon as he sped off, Ikechukwu called Peter on his cell.
“Done,” he reported. “Though I wonder what she sees in him. He’s an ass.”
“I hope Nora begins to see that before this is over,” Peter confided. “I hope so for her sake.”
“Man, you’re in love and you don’t even know it?”
“Crazy, right?” agreed the Jew. “Gotta go. Here comes Linda.”
And they quickly disconnected.
“Okay, partner—where are we?” enquired Nora’s friend when she came up to Peter.
“Still house-watching,” he replied, putting away his phone. “Leonard’s on his way and still no sign of Tricia.”
“What of Eva?”
“Told me all’s well a few moments ago. Patricia will come over to her house any minute now.”
“You’re so cute.”
“Thanks.” The fat boy didn’t expect that. He was blushing.
“Did I tell you my Dad used to be a spy?”
“What?”
“A spy?” she repeated. “My Dad?”
“Cool. And which agency did he work for? CIA? FBI?”
“Nope. The KGB. He spied for the Russians during the cold war.”
The boy was suddenly uncomfortable. “I . . . see.”
“Here comes our girl,” she pointed out, pulling him further into their hideout; a dark alley between two heavy-duty trucks.
“Hey,” Nora greeted as she sneaked in from the other end of both trucks. “What’s up?”
“Showtime, girl,” said Peter. “Where did you pack your car?”
“A few blocks away?” she said, taking his extended hand and warmly shaking it. “And thanks, Pete, for . . . for your help so far.”
“You know you’re always welcome, Nora,” he replied. She actually took his hand and proceeded to shake it? Wow!
Some distance from them, Patricia came out from a house and went over to the next one. She knocked twice on the door and waited for a response from inside.
“That’s Eva’s house,” Linda told Nora.
A young girl came out from this house and hugged their target.
They kissed each other on the mouth.
“Uuuuuuuagh,” uttered Peter.
“Gross,” added Nora.
Her enemy hugged Eva again after speaking to her in very low tones and they both went inside, their arms around each other’s waist.
“Our bait’s alone,” Linda contributed. “We made sure of this.”
“How?” wondered Nora.
“A punctured tire,” replied Peter. “Her mom will have to fix that before she can get home from work.”
Nora was beginning to admire her foot soldiers.
“Good. Here comes Leonard,” announced Linda.
Her heart skipped as the familiar Cobra snaked into Eva’s front yard. He was even still in his sportswear.
“I think someone’s showing off,” observed Linda.
“Yeah,” agreed Peter. “A star footballer is in the house.”
“Stop being jealous,” Nora told them both. “Focus?”
Her crush slid out of his car and walked over to the entrance door he thought was Patricia’s. Like her, he knocked twice, but he didn’t wait for any inside response before opening it and walking in.
“Here goes,” whispered Peter, revealing a camcorder from his person.
They heard a door bang inside, and then voices raised. Leonard burst out of the door with Patricia chasing him in a towel. Nora went behind the others and victoriously went crazy.
“Nora? Is that you?” He was looking at the trucks. Peter hid the evidence before Leonard came up to meet them. Patricia saw Linda come out and suddenly looked hopeless.
“Where’s Nora?” demanded her ex. “I need to talk to her.”
“About what?” exploded Peter, stifling laughter. “Gay sex?”
Eva came out in a towel and ran to Patricia, teary-eyed. Peter’s recorder was still running from behind his back. Patricia angrily pushed her partner away, almost exposing herself.
“She’s behind the trucks, Leonard,” Linda told the quarterback and he hurried round the vehicles. “And beg like a man,” she advised, giggling.
“She’s not here,” he announced a few feet away.
“What?”
“She’s not here,” Leonard repeated, sweating. “She must have gone home or something, Can—can I call her?” he begged Linda. “Can I get her number from you?”
“No way, man,” she refused. “You don’t have her number?”
“She came with her car,” Peter told him. “She must have gone home, but so fast?” He was as puzzled as Linda. When did Nora leave?
“Come with me, Peter,” begged Leonard. “I don’t know where she lives.”
“That kind of speaks volumes of your relationship,” said a frowning Linda. Where did Nora go?
Before the trucks, Patricia was struggling to disentangle herself from Eva.
The younger girl was crying freely.

*     *     *

Matthew came home with Stephanie when they usually did and went straight to the fridge for his orange juice. Anderson and Barbara had been declared missing that day and for the second time in a week, Sergeant Bradley had been his companion for some hours in Mr. Pebblestone’s office.
He couldn’t comprehend why the policeman was suspecting him, nor could he appreciate the reason behind the disappearing act Fat George and the others were trying to pull. What were they up to? Where were they hiding? Were they hiding to prevent their going to school? What was really going on?
Sergeant Bradley had told Mr. Pebblestone that his men had searched the woods and the lake to no avail. This simple fact perturbed Matthew and rubbished his proposed reason for the disappearance of these naughty classmates of his. At least he could now understand why the sergeant suspected him and had embarrassingly searched his adopted parent’s house. They were all his classmates.
He just wanted things to go back to the way they used to be. His life had been turned upside down by all this, and he wasn’t seeing any reprieve in the near future. His friends in school thought he was a murderer and Nora accused him of drawing attention to her ‘quiet’ life. He was even beginning to question Stephanie’s sanity whenever she entered his room and the adults thought it would all soon go away. Phew!
Suddenly, it started raining and the doorbell rang.
“Matthew, someone’s at the door,” yelled Stephanie from her room.
“Don’t worry, I’ll get it,” he told her and went straight to the mahogany structure with Gavin, the dog.
They both looked like Nora’s friends.
“You must be the adopted guy,” Leonard said before checking himself and Peter chuckled. Matthew frowned. “Can I see Nora?” his visitor asked him.
“No?”
“Why not?”
“She’s not in,” Matthew replied. He refused to invite them in despite the rain. He’d been insulted by strangers.
“I—I need to see her,” begged Leonard. “Where can I find her?”
“I don’t know. Check later?”
“Right.” They turned to leave. They were drenched.
“Wait,” the boy at the door exclaimed. “I need to know your names, right?”
“Leonard?”
“And Peter,” supplied the fat boy.
“I like your car,” Matthew said and closed the door.
“Thanks,” replied Leonard.
“You shouldn’t have told him what you said back there, Leonard,” admonished Peter as they went back to the Cobra.
“What?”
“Adopted guy? Nora could be in there for all we know now.”
“We could check their garage.”
“Wake up, dude. These guys are rich? They lock their pets with a remote?”



Chapter 8: Misunderstood
“MATTHEW, where’s Nora?”
“She’s not yet back, Steph,” he told her. “She must have gone to see her friends before we came back.”
It was now 5 o’clock and the rain was still pouring down heavily outside. They were alone in the house and Matthew was going through a comic book in his room. The downpour must have gone on for like two hours now, but it looked like ages since it started.
“I’m afraid, Matt,” Stephanie confessed, closing his room’s door behind her and walking over to sit down on his bed. She was wearing a pair of jean pants on an orange sweater and looked quite pretty. Her adopted brother admired her for some time.
“What of the book?” she innocuously asked and he turned towards it on his table. She had just reminded him of something he’d always wanted to do and he reached for his marker.
“What are you doing?” she enquired, stretching out on his bed.
“The book is now mine and I must indicate this,” he simply replied, opening its leather cover and putting down his name below the captain’s with a smooth flourish. It was bolder than that eerie soldier’s inscription, although his appeared neater.
“Matthew, will you write down my name as well?” his adopted sister entreated in a drowsy voice. “I want to own it with you.”
He obliged her.
And fell asleep.
The book’s cover felt very cold.

*     *     *

Suddenly, the room was colder and darker.
“Matthew, Matthew,” whispered Stephanie with a troubled voice, shaking him. “Matthew, wake up. Wake up, Matthew.” And he did, quickly looking around in utter confusion.
“Why is it so cold?” he demanded, blinking. “This is not my room. Where are we?”
“I don’t know, but I want to go home,” she cried, tightly hugging herself. “It’s so cold out here.”
“I must have fallen asleep,” he remembered and realized he was holding something. It was the book.
“Matthew, I’m scared,” she whined. She was wearing odd clothes and he noticed these in the dim light.
“You’re in strange-looking clothes, Steph.”
“So are you,” she retorted. “When did you change into them? And what’s that on your head?”
“I don’t know,” he confessed, feeling a kind of cap on his head. Stephanie was right. The place was very cold and they had scarves around their necks to counter this.
“It looks like we’re in a tunnel,” Matthew exclaimed, a distant round opening through which dim light spilled into the place giving him this idea. He stood up and realized he could only walk towards or away from the opening.
“How did we get here?” asked his younger sibling, her frightened voice sounding very cautious and distant, but he could only turn to her with a bewildered look before staring round in distress. He didn’t have a ready reply.
The tunnel’s sides curved up to meet above his head and he found it difficult to maintain his balance on its sloping floor. “We must get to that light, Steph,” he told his little sister, helping her to get up and direct her own steps as they started moving towards the opening. Now they could hear men’s voices beyond it and quickened their pace.
“What if they’re bad people?”
“I don’t think so,” he assured her. “I know they’ll help us.”
The tunnel’s mouth was big enough for them to pass through, but when they did this, they quickly regretted the action. Soldiers were everywhere in what appeared to be a huge cave, and none of them looked friendly.
“Who’s there?” an officer demanded, approaching them from their left. “Halt,” he shouted, and they drew back to the tunnel’s mouth. He could clearly see that they were children now, but this did not make him lower his fierce-looking pistol or even smile.
“Excuse me, sir,” began Matthew, “but we need to get back to our house? It seems we’re lost.”
“French Jews,” the man exploded, visibly agitated. “How did you get here?” He drew nearer and they moved further backwards. Matthew stared at his uniform and became alarmed. Slowly, he pulled Stephanie further backwards.
“Answer me,” the man roared and quickly came at them.
“He’s bad, Steph,” shouted Matthew. “Back to the tunnel.” They turned and scampered into the tunnel. The officer stopped and turned to his men.
“They came through a tunnel,” he yelled. “Follow me. We must block this tunnel.”
He started running after them and towards the tunnel. Both kids had scaled its round aperture and were quickly making progress down its dark belly. “Stop right there or I shoot,” he called out. “Halt‼”
“Matthew, he has a torch,” Stephanie shouted with fright.
“Stop talking! Run.”
But the path was difficult and their pursuer was seeing them. A new kind of light was basking their backs and this was not good.
“What if he shoots us?” Stephanie queried, completely ignoring his orders.
He looked back at the figure bearing down on them and realized the tunnel was hampering him. They had also given him a wide gap and that was good.
“He can’t try it here,” he breathed. “It could hit him instead.”
But their situation was about to get worse. The tunnel suddenly opened up to a bigger one and they tumbled out.
Matthew grabbed Stephanie. He wasted no time.
“Where are we going?” she wearily asked him. They’d been running for some time now and he knew they could not stop now. They mustn’t stop.
“Gosh! It’s a dead-end,” he suddenly cried with frustration and they almost crashed into the high wall cutting them off around the corner. Sunlight spilled in from a wide window high above them and they realized it was still noon.
“We cannot get up there,” Matthew remarked in despair. For the first time in his life, he was really afraid. Stephanie looked like she’d seen a ghost.
Their fear burst out from behind them and they backed the wall. Matthew pushed Stephanie behind him and faced the new threat.
“What do you want with us?” His voice lacked confidence.
“Jewish pigs,” the man spat out. He was wearing black leather knee-length boots and a gray overcoat on a gray uniform the boy knew too well. “You belong to a concentration camp.”
“We’re not French Jews,” Stephanie denied.
“Leave that for me to decide,” he growled and she zipped her mouth. He glared at Matthew and put away his service pistol to take a step forward.
“My . . . sister’s right, sir,” boldly said the boy. “We’re not French and we’re not Jewish. We’re Americans and we’ve lost our way.”
“Americans?” This appeared to be significant because the soldier stopped in his tracks. “Lost, you say?” Matthew realized he had never said a word of German. “But it’s true,” he continued, covering the distance between them. “You don’t speak like the French. You don’t look like them. You’re only dressed like them . . . and I can see that now.”
Matthew breathed out a sigh of relief.
“So where is it?”
“Where is what?”
“The book, you fool,” he fumed. “I know you must be with it. I’ve waited for a year now and will strangle you if you lie to me.”
The boy realized he was still holding the book before he was brutishly grabbed by the neck and it was desperately snatched from him. His attacker could not contain his excitement and shook all over as he pushed him to the ground and threatened a scared Stephanie further back.
“Must escape! Must escape‼” the man muttered repeatedly as he quickly flipped through the book’s pages and tried to use the light pouring in from above, but suddenly, a deafening noise erupted in the enclosure as a staccato burst of machine gun fire also poured in alongside the bright illumination.
The German officer was riddled with bullets before he could even discern what was happening. His men faced the same fate when they appeared behind him. The whole place was like a blur. Stephanie was screaming.
“Quick,” a new character snapped near the scared children. “We must get out of here! Rapide!” He pumped more bullets into the enemy. Matthew grabbed the book from the ground and scampered through a secret door of rock behind Stephanie.
He could hear the bullets raining down behind him.

*     *     *

Their saviors took them deeper and deeper into the hills until the noonday sun turned red and fell in the west. Matthew was able to appreciate the size of the mountain from within which they had emerged when they’d considerably distanced themselves from its massive shape.
“Where are we?” he asked the nearest man.
“France, monsieur,” was the reply.
“France? How come?” Stephanie queried the man.
“You’re not French, no?” he asked her in turn. “You’re dressed like us, mademoiselle, but you don’t speak French?”
“We need to get back home,” Matthew tried. “You cannot keep us here.”
“And where is home?”
“Sleepy Lake County?” replied Stephanie.
“Never heard of it,” affirmed their leader. “We’ll take you to the coast and you can leave with the British.”
“The British?” Matthew tried to comprehend what he’d just heard. “You’re telling me this is real?”
“As real as the blood we spilled back there, monsieur,” replied the heavily bearded fellow. “We must get as far from here as possible, because they will swarm this area by nightfall.”
“Who are they?” Stephanie asked him.
“The Germans,” he replied.
“And. . . . And where are we?” Matthew was now very curious.
“Dunkerque,” spat out the Frenchman. “The British are abandoning us! They cannot fight the German Blitzkrieg. You will surely meet the cowards near the coast.”
And it dawned on Matthew like a blow. These men were really telling him what they knew to be true. No movie director would suffer his actors this far without rest, and that German officer who sounded American would never have known about the book now in his hands if he’d never come in contact with it in the past! He might even be the captain whose name was on the first page! He pulled Stephanie aside.
“Something is wrong, Steph,” he whispered to her. “And I think the book is seriously involved.”
“The book?” she whispered back, her eyes darting about in fright, and he nodded.
“It—It must have taken us back in time,” he tried to explain. “There’s no other reason I can find for this—and how did that officer know about it? He could never have survived back there with his men! He must have been . . .”
“You mean he’s dead?” she asked him without confidence. “Matthew, you’re scaring me.”
“No. Yes. I mean . . . his name must have been written in the book,” he finished with difficulty, beginning to breathe faster. 
“He told us he’d stayed here a year,” Stephanie reminded him, realizing the enormity of what he had just revealed to her. “You wrote Nora’s name in the book, too!”
She needn’t have bothered. Matthew was already in shock. Nora’s name wasn’t the only one he’d scribbled into his ‘black book.’ There was Anderson and Barbara, and Rupert. And Fat George, and Yung Ji! There were two of Nora’s friends he couldn’t remember their names anymore, and that in itself was a failure on his part!
“What do we do now?” fearfully demanded Stephanie. “We don’t even know where we are.”
“I—I think I know where we are, Steph,” he stated with a start, feeling her head jerk up as she turned to him in anticipation. “We’re really in France . . .”
“And she’s fighting the German invaders,” concluded one of the Frenchmen.
Stephanie could not speak. She knew the Frenchman meant the Second World War, because she had a French friend in school who knew about the war from her grandfather.
“We’re the Resistance, monsieur,” announced the group’s leader, scratching his beard as they took a winding path round another mountain. “We’ll still face the Germans squarely in this war.” Then he turned to one of his colleagues, the one carrying the machine gun. “Jean, remember we must officially proclaim ourselves the Resistance before making contact with London and General de Gaulle as soon as possible, no?”
“I don’t believe you,” cried Stephanie with vehemence. She turned to her adopted brother. “Matthew, I want to go home.”
“I must find Nora and the others before I do that, Steph,” he objected. “I cannot leave them here to die! You must go without me.”
“No.”
“So you’re not alone, eh?” their guide concluded. “Too bad we cannot find your friends. They could be anywhere in this . . . this vast wilderness we once called home, or even dead by now.”
His words were negative, so Matthew tried to ignore it. He opened the book and realized it was slowly getting warmer. How could this be? This warmth it exuded must be part of its mystery. How wrong he’d been about Nora being on a mission to burn it! There must be a heat source somewhere on its pages and this he must find.
Without warning, he was pushed to the ground by one of the men and held there as he struggled to get up.
“Don’t move,” advised the rebel. “The Germans have crossed our path and they must not see us.”
“Huh?”
From his precarious position, Matthew could see the others hugging the road in a similar way ahead of him, but he couldn’t see any German soldiers and grabbed Stephanie’s hand to reassure her. Then he heard their voices and realized they were emerging from what looked like a mine at the foot of the mountain. Since he was very close to the edge, he could just turn his head and clearly view them.
Seven dump trucks loaded with fuel drums and three heavy Panzer tanks crawled forward amidst a large number of foot soldiers, oblivious of their tiny figures high up in the mountain.
“That must be their armory,” he whispered to the man whose sharp hearing had saved them all.
“No, monsieur. It’s a fuel dump and those tanks must be part of a Panzer Division,” the man explained. “They must have met our forces over there.” And he pointed at a distant spiral of black smoke emanating from another heavy tank. “They must have suffered some losses, too.”
“We’ll resume our journey when they’ve gone far,” their leader announced. “We lack the necessary weapons to face them now.”
But just as he finished speaking, one of the soldiers down below passively glanced upwards and started pointing at the sky above their heads with concern, his eagle eyes immediately spotting their hidden figures up in the mountain path.
“Achtung!” he shouted to his comrades in German, bringing up his rifle to point at their position. “Der Widerstand!”
“Quick, let us get out of here,” barked the Frenchman leading the rebels. They sprang to their feet as the Germans opened fire, Matthew grabbing Stephanie’s hand and wildly scampering like the men with his heart in his mouth. He could hear his adopted sister’s scream as the bullets whizzed past him, and shortly jumped over the fellow running before him who had just fallen like a bag of rice. Stephanie stumbled as she tried to keep up and he stooped to lift her with the senseless strength he was getting from the adrenaline pumping through his veins.
The Frenchmen were also shooting down at the Germans as they fled from the cliff’s edge towards a new tunnel facing them, but this return fire was sporadic and had no impact on their predicament.
The first tank shell from one of the German Panzer tanks exploded a considerable distance from their current position, higher up on the mountain’s side, and they ran faster. Only a miracle could save them now because the tunnel’s mouth was still some distance away. A loud thump heralded the second shell and its impact on the mountain’s side sent dust and small rocks falling towards them, an unfortunate rebel immediately losing his life when one of the bigger rocks smashed into his head.
“They will kill us all before we get to safety,” croaked a fat man running beside Matthew, but his words were quickly lost in the drone of a plane’s engine.
“Achtung,” snarled a German officer as the remaining rebels got to the safety of the tunnel. “Spitfire! Schnell! Schnell,” he shouted in alarm, already seeing two fighter planes come into view from across the mountain’s top.
This was the sound the German soldier who spotted them thought he heard before looking up and catching them by surprise. Getting engrossed in the quest to slaughter them, he had forgotten his original reason for looking up into the sky, and this was to cause him and his colleagues dearly.
Coming down for a strafing run, one of the planes unleashed machine gun fury on the bolting Germans, killing a good number of them as well as stopping the attack on the cliff. The second plane picked out the Panzer tanks and dump trucks and multiple explosions rocked the mountain valley when the fuel in the trucks came across the line of fire.
The French rebels quickly retreated into the new tunnel’s belly.

*     *     *

Matthew and Stephanie soon got to a hidden château in the hills with their rescuers. Here, the kids were handed over to a fat jovial-looking woman, who led them into her large, grizzly kitchen and gave them bowls of soup. Stephanie was still scared and started crying when the woman moved over to serve the resistance militia in the sitting room.
“We must do something, Matt,” she whispered to him almost hysterically. “I cannot take this anymore.”
He withdrew the book from his coat pocket and opened it. The pages were hot!
“Matthew, what must we do?”
“I’m trying to find out,” he whispered. Why were its pages hot? What was the source of this heat? He couldn’t discern anything from the written names. The mediums with which they were written were slowly changing color. ‘Tarnishing,’ the adults called it. Stephanie stared at this strange change beside him without a word. None was needed. Slowly the names were turning red, and then they started glowing!
A new fear gripped Matthew. He realized that all this was happening because of him. He was so scared that when the book’s pages started smoldering, he only realized this when the heat got to his hands, and he dropped the book altogether and moved away from it, shaking all over.
“What are you doing?” demanded Stephanie.
“It must be cursed, Steph,” he exclaimed, breaking into a sweat. “It must be! We were pushed back into the past because of it.”
“You’ve already said that.”
“I wrote their names, myself,” he told himself with guilt. “And ours as well! This is all my fault.”
“I thought you said it was harmless,” she whined, but he was mumbling incoherently to himself. “What are you saying?”
She tried to pick out his words and became alarmed when she realized what he was trying to say. All those names he wrote in the book! What must have happened to all those people?
Gunshots came from outside.
They looked at each other with renewed dread.
“We must look for Nora,” Matthew stressed.
“How do we do that?” cried Stephanie. They heard more gunshots and machine gun fire from outside. The intensity was becoming deafening.
“We’re under attack,” Matthew exclaimed. The men in the next room had opened fire. One cried out in pain. The enemy had more firepower.
Stephanie picked up the book. Matthew took it from her. Someone fell into the kitchen. It was the woman who had earlier served them soup and she was dead!
Bravely, they both looked away.
Matthew opened the page on which he had written all the names.
His hands were shaking.
“There are so many names,” Stephanie cried. “Were you crazy?”
“I didn’t write the first half,” he implored. He was sweating freely.
The gunshots were now dying down in the next room. A Frenchman crawled into the kitchen with blood on his shirt. He was wounded and dying. A German soldier followed him.
He shot the man dead!
Quietly, Matthew and his adopted sister drew back into the darkness. He was repeatedly whispering Nora’s name as he stared at it, hoping fervently that something spectacular would happen.
But nothing did.
In the darkness, he placed a finger on her name and quickly removed his hand when he discovered that her name was very hot. “Yeow,” he unconsciously cried and the soldier heard him.
“Matthew, he’s coming this way,” blurted out Stephanie.
The man appeared before them and simply glared at them. He stretched out his hands towards the two of them and darkness befell them both.



Chapter 9: Africa
MATTHEW was astounded when he was grabbed from the darkness by a very different human being and pulled out into a very different-looking place! Stephanie was nowhere near him and he’d dropped the book before he was seized.
“Who are you?” he shouted in fright at the huge black giant keeping him in the air with tough, sinewy arms, his legs dangling uncontrollably. “Let me go.”
The man barked at him in his native tongue with a deep, guttural voice and this briefly silenced him, his eyes quickly eating up his surroundings.
“Where am I?” he demanded and the big man dropped him on the ground. Mud huts with thatched roofing littered what looked like a forest clearing and more black people filled his view. “Am I really in a movie?” he asked himself, bewildered. His new oppressor grabbed his arm and dragged him against his will towards a central hut bigger than the others. “No! Let me go,” he hoarsely screamed. “Stephanie!” he called out. “Nora!”
The African shouted him down.
Matthew thought he was magnificent without his bad attitude and suddenly became more aware of him.
Ostrich feathers decorated his headgear and ankles, and he was wearing a short leopard-skin skirt by the side of which protruded a long, broad machete from his crocodile-skin belt. His chest and face had chalk decorations on them, and cowry shells produced music on his ankles.
Presumably, the man was an African warrior, and many similarly dressed men surrounded the central hut where he was taking Matthew. Exposed girls and women alongside many children watched his futile struggle with the warrior, a silly grin on their ugly faces and soft laughter playing on the sides of their mouth.
Was this where Nora was being held? Amongst black warlike Africans?
“Nora!” he repeated, and the man cursed him in his native tongue. “I cannot understand you,” protested Matthew. “I must find my sisters.” He wedged himself on the ground with his foot and realized he was wearing funny-looking shoes before the man simply lifted him up and slung him over his shoulders, talking to him in that same incomprehensive language all this while. “You don’t get it, do you?” Matthew snapped at him. “I CAN’T UNDERSTAND YOU!”
He was shaken up a bit for shouting like this and flung over the other shoulder, his head now facing backwards and his legs kicking away before the man. It was then that he saw Stephanie, and his falling morale plummeted.
She was dressed in an old-looking dress and shawl, and had on a crazy hat. Others clothed like her surrounded her, and these women and children were graciously as white as his adopted sister.
“Stephanie!” he hollered. But after catching his voice like every other person and turning towards him in amazement, she looked confused by his utterance. “Stephanie, it’s me, Matthew!” he tried again, but she looked away and lowered her head.
His morale nose-dived the more. He didn’t bother to question this strange reaction in anyway, because all the events of the past few hours could never be logically analyzed. Whether he thought otherwise or not, he must begin to believe that he and Stephanie were no longer in France, nor were they even in Europe, and provided that this was not a movie set he could not still remember how he came to be a part of, he knew they must quickly solve the puzzle posed by the book before it was too late.
He remembered he was no longer with it.
The warrior dropped him before the central hut near an old, hideous-looking woman dressed in lion mane, and turned to a young boy who was sitting on a leopard’s skin before the hut. Matthew was not as interested in his conversation with the boy as he was with the crowd of warriors and ordinary people who had surrounded this hut, because they would hamper any attempt on his part to escape. However, he rightly assumed that the boy was actually their chief, since he was richly adorned and many servants and fan bearers waited on him. He appeared to be of a similar age bracket with the prisoner, but when the latter tried to make out his facial features, which were partially covered in ostrich feathers, many black hands pushed his head to the ground in consternation.
“Stop! You’re hurting me,” Matthew begged them, and they pushed his face further into the soil. Their chief signaled them to stop and the white boy carefully and slowly raised his head. Now, the man who had brought him there stepped forward again before the monarch and ranted for some time in his tongue while angrily pointing at his prisoner from time to time.
“He’s lying, my . . . king,” Matthew vaguely objected to whatever the man was saying. “He’s not even speaking English.”
But he was ignored. Two attendants came forward and prostrated themselves before the throne. He thought they were there to remove him, but they stood up and walked towards their leader instead. With long, ebony fingers, they parted the feathers above the young ruler’s forehead and Matthew stared at a very familiar face, blinking.
“Anderson?”
“Kill him,” said the boy in crisp, clear English.
“No,” he unconsciously shouted, as much surprised by the order given as he was in finally seeing the face of the person who had given it. Funny enough, nobody moved to seize him. They seemed unable to comprehend what their chief had just told them to do. He had to show them what he meant by drawing the edge of his hand across his neck to Matthew’s disappointment, and six young and able-bodied men stepped out to seize the white prisoner.
“Anderson, it’s me, Matthew,” he attempted again, fighting to free himself from the Africans. I’ve gotta save you! They’ve brainwashed you with their magic and I know why you’re here! Don’t do this.”
But the boy only acknowledged recognizing him by a flicker of his eyes, remaining unmoved. The black men started dragging him away against his will.
“Anderson,” he shouted, dropping to his knees in a bid to slow them down. “Why are you doing this to me?”
His bent knees and right-angled legs left the ground.
“You killed Fat George and Mary Ann, and now you want to kill me, too,” Anderson suddenly snapped, standing on his feet and causing everyone to fall on their knees except Matthew, who was already on his. “I know you somehow brought me here to be eaten by the lions in the forest, but I survived! I survived to become a chief and you must now suffer for your . . . crimes.”
“I didn’t kill them,” Matthew denied half-heartedly before his mouth was clamped shut by black hands. He wondered what the chief’s people would do if they knew their ‘leader’ was still in middle school and knew what middle school was, but then they literally worshipped him and must think his English was a divine language from the gods, while the prisoner’s was from an evil source.
The chief sat down and the people stood up again, and those holding Matthew freed his tongue again.
“I don’t know what happened to Fat George and Mary Ann, Anderson,” he yelled as he was dragged away. “You have to believe me.”
A man suddenly shouted from behind the crowd and they stopped pulling the white boy on the ground. The fellow burst out through the crowd and prostrated himself before Anderson. He had something in his hand and everyone, including those curbing Matthew, wanted to know what it was.
“Hey! That’s my book,” Matthew challenged the man. “Give it back.”
He stamped his right foot on the bare one of the only person now holding him and tore free to snatch the book and escape through a gap he’d been closely watching in the crowd. Many gave chase.
“Catch him,” Anderson ordered his men. “Don’t let him get away.” The chief was amazed by the distance the prisoner had already covered. “Kill him! Bring him down,” he anxiously shouted.
Arrows and spears started coming Matthew’s way but he didn’t look back. He might have touched Anderson’s name by mistake instead of Nora’s back in the château in France, but how sure was he that this was how he got to where he now was? What made him jump the Mediterranean and land in Africa? How could he save Stephanie and Anderson now? Was Nora there in the forest with them? And Stephanie. Why was she in a different place with all those people when they were once together? What were those imprisoned people to those savages? Food? Was Anderson now a cannibal?
He was heading towards the forest.
His pursuers refused to follow him.
“He’s getting away,” vented their young chief and his head warrior turned to him and read his thoughts by his actions, shaking his head in disagreement.
“Numa,” the man said aloud in his tongue, and Anderson nodded with satisfaction.
The African warrior was right.
Numa was the first word he’d learned from the tribe when they found him alive in the forest and praised him for his courage and ability to evade these big, wild cats.
Very hungry, big, wild cats.
“You’re right,” he told the man. “The lions will get him.”
And if they don’t, the thick forest will.
And if the thick forest doesn’t, hunger certainly will!
Good old hunger.



Chapter 10: A New Father & His Strange Cargo
INTO the jungle he waded, quickly hiding the black book in his shirt as he looked back now and then to see whether he was being followed. His fear of capture so blinded his reasoning that he ran on despite the fact that none of his pursuers had chased him into the wild. And since he was watching his back as he pressed forward, he didn’t notice the white man who came out from the thicket to stand on the nonexistent path he was taking until he almost ran into outstretched arms.
“Andrew, you’re alive,” the man exclaimed in disbelief as he reached out to seize him. “My son is alive.”
“I am not your son,” Matthew protested as he struggled to free himself. “I am not Andrew.” He realized that men with guns were all hiding behind the man and this increased his anxiety.
“My God, what have they done to you?” the man asked him with concern, his left arm strongly gripped to discourage any idea of escape. The book in his shirt felt very cold on his skin.
“Those natives deserve the king’s wrath, if you ask me, John,” another man said beside him. “They must have bewitched him and the others with their magic.”
“Those scoundrels,” his purported father snapped. “We will burn their village before we leave these shores.”
“No,” Matthew protested, glaring at them. “My friends are in there.”
And at first they said nothing, staring at him with stupefaction, then they both erupted into roaring laughter and the boy took his time to study them.
They wore a funny-looking safari suit and had on a hat of the same material. The men around them looked like seamen, however, but their uniform appeared so outdated and their guns must have been last used in the Napoleonic Wars!
“Who are you people?” demanded Matthew with heightened curiosity, but they only stopped laughing and handed him to a sailor. “Why are you doing this?”
“You must be tired and hungry, my boy,” said his new father. “Gordon will take you back to the ship, and perhaps your hallucinations will be a thing of the past.”
And he moved forward with the men before Matthew could muster the courage to say another word. The one he was handed to didn’t look at all friendly.
“Second Mate Gordon at your service, Master Andrew,” snarled the man, turning in the opposite direction from the others while dragging Matthew with him. “We must leave this cursed place, me ol’ mate, else the big cats will slaughter us and suffer the depths of the forest to swallow our bones when they’re done with our flesh.”
“Where are you taking me?”
“Your father said back to the ship! Shouldn’t have any ideas if I was you.”
They passed some dead lions the men had earlier killed and the sight of their lifeless figures did nothing to cushion the sudden effect their imposing bodies had on the boy.
“Right you are to be scared, my friend,” the sailor sarcastically said. “Wait till you meet a live one.”
He led Matthew out of the forest and onto a sandy beach. One ship lay out in deep water, while what looked like the burnt skeleton of another lay on its side and very close to their present position on the coast. The dead bodies of some of her former occupants surrounded this second ship and Matthew was shocked to see that women and children were amongst these corpses.
“Gross,” he bemoaned, looking away as they passed.
“Those natives did it, alright,” Gordon told him. “Hacked ’em to death they did. And in the middle o’ the night.”
Anderson!
Matthew boiled.
He was taken by a small boat to the ship berthing offshore and helped up to its quarterdeck by Gordon, who came up the rope ladder behind him. Several minutes later, he heard gunshots from land.
“No, Master Andrew,” Gordon protested when he tried to jump overboard, pushing him back in. “It is not safe to do that.”
“I must save my sisters,” he shouted, kicking away. “They must not die like this.”
“Why, Master Andrew,” the sailor remarked. “What did they do to you? You’re an only son.”
The gunshots lasted for a long time and Matthew sat on deck through it all, despondent and annoyed with himself. Stephanie’s blood must be on his hands if she was killed, and Nora’s. And Anderson’s, even though he didn’t know who his former friend had turned into. As chief, the black boy must have led the attack on that ship.
“They’re coming back,” someone shouted on deck and he stood up in earnest to see this. The ship’s boats had set off to bring the white explorers from shore, but there were some prisoners with them as well and he frowned unconsciously when he saw Anderson in their midst.
“Stephanie,” he spotted with joy, leaning forward on the rail as the first boat came in, but his adopted sister looked confused by this. “Stephanie,” he yelled in frustration, causing some heads to turn towards him.
“I forbid you to be calling Shirlia other names, Andrew,” his ‘father’ told him, coming up to the ship’s quarterdeck. Matthew was dumbfounded, but there was nothing he could do. Half-heartedly, he also discovered that Nora was nowhere to be found in the midst of those rescued and his joy at seeing Stephanie vanished. Maybe she was amongst those earlier attacked by the tribe, or had been devoured by the lions! This idea wasn’t pleasant at all!
“Who is Shirlia?” he asked a sailor working near him.
“The cook’s daughter, of course,” the man replied, giving him a long stare. “You should do well not to start any pranks, Master Andrew. Now, hop along.”
Matthew left his side without another word and walked towards the incoming prisoners being herded in by the armed sailors.
“We will surely recoup our losses from this lot, John,” the man he’d seen before said. “We will sell them as slaves to the Portuguese when we get to Sierra Leone.”
This revelation unnerved him and he saw Anderson walk past him with a heavy chain linking his neck to those of the other prisoners. He was crying and Matthew instantly forgave him his deeds and resolved to save him, bumping into Stephanie as he followed them trance-like below deck.
“Evening, Master . . . Andrew,” she stuttered, looking away in embarrassment.
He couldn’t say a word, but reached out his hand in surprise, and before he could touch her, she turned and fled, blushing. Shirlia liked him.
“You must go and clean up now, Andrew,” his ‘father’ said behind him and he started. The man was the reason for Shirlia’s retreat and that was unsettling. “You are to change to something more presentable and meet me in the dining hall for some . . . food.”
“Yes, Father,” he replied with a slightly different tone of voice. How would he find his room?
A good maid showed him when he told her he was feeling dizzy from the exertions of his adventures that day and he quickly found some clothes and put them on without bothering to take a bath.
The book was slightly warmer when he brought it out and opened it to his own page. The only name glowing here was Anderson’s. He returned to the first page and discovered that his name and Stephanie’s were both glowing as well. Nora’s name was not glowing, so he reasoned she may not be there as he’d thought after all. He prayed this was so.
The prisoners were kept deep down in the hold. This he discovered when the kind maid was leading him to the ship’s kitchen for his food. A lone trapdoor was open on their path and as they passed it, he saw Gordon pushing the chained, black men into it. He couldn’t imagine what they had done to the many women and children he saw in the village sometime ago, but he knew that their village must have been razed to the ground.
The ship’s kitchen was cozy and Stephanie’s new mother had an amicable air around her.
“Good evening, Master Krowel,” she began as soon as he stepped into her domain. “Your father says he’s calling off your little meeting in the dining hall, so you will have to eat here.”
He couldn’t tell when last he’d eaten, although that might’ve been a few moments ago and without his knowledge, but the food he saw on the table looked very inviting and he really wanted to get near the person sitting on the opposite side of the table and digging into her own plate.
As providence would have it, the cook left with a tray on which several plates of food were arranged just as he was settling down to his meal of chopped lamb and chicken soup, and he gladly looked up to the girl whose cheeks were quite red opposite him.
“Stephanie! Stephanie,” he conspiratorially whispered and she turned redder, refusing to look at him. “We must go now.”
“You forget too quickly, Master Andrew,” she blurted out, “but my name is not that which you now call me.”
“I don’t care who you think you are,” he quietly said, reaching out to touch her hand, which she dared not move away from him. “Anderson is down there, and we must find a way to save him with the book and escape now. You must trust me.”
At that very moment, Matthew realized that his companion was blankly looking into her soup and inquisitively lifted up her chin without any protest from her. The pupils of her eyes seemed to have disappeared and she just sat there as still as a statue and as dumb as Nora. Alarmed, he reached over the table and shook her.
“Stephanie, wake up,” he urged, shaking her some more. What if she’d swallowed a chicken bone, which got stuck in her throat?
“Stephanie.”
“Matthew?” she suddenly said, looking at him in amazement.
“How did you . . . ?” he began, oddly looking at his hands. “That’s it,” he suddenly snapped, coming round the table to pull her out of her chair. “We’re getting out of here.”
“Where are we?” she asked him in that familiar voice he knew too well. “Where are the Germans?”
“All wiped out,” he replied.
“By a bomb?”
“No, by the book.”
They came out onto the corridor and he quickly pushed her back as Gordon climbed out through the trapdoor and walked past.
“Is he German?” Stephanie whispered with a dreadful voice.
“I don’t know,” Matthew said and hurriedly took her to the trapdoor. Without another word, she went down after him despite the darkness that swiftly enveloped them.
“There must be a candle somewhere,” he whispered to her, groping around in the dark. The light from the deck above was not enough to help him, but he luckily came across a lantern.
“We need to light it,” he muttered, searching for matches around its base. He only found an empty matchbox. “We need a match.”
“I have loads in my pocket,” Stephanie volunteered, handing him one in the dark, and quietly he thanked Shirlia as he proceeded to chase away the darkness with light.
The lantern was working perfectly well, but what it revealed to them in that hold was beyond the comprehensive abilities of their young minds. Stretched as far as their eyes could see where rows and rows of closely packed black men and women who were sitting, standing or lying on their backs in-between their mates!
“It’s a slave ship,” Matthew exclaimed, unconsciously drawing Stephanie to himself. The prisoners from the village were not the only ones the white men had captured! He now realized they’d been seizing many along the coast and herding them into their two ships until one of these vessels was attacked by warriors of the last village, which they were now preparing to move away from. “We must find Anderson, Steph,” he bravely insisted and his adopted sister nodded without a word.
Gingerly, he stepped forward with her as many incarcerated by ropes holding their hands before and behind them glared at him. Most of the girls he passed were as young as Nora and he felt pity for them, even though some tried to reach out and attack him despite their chains and ropes.
“Matthew,” Anderson called out to his right. “They’ll throw me overboard if I act as if dead.” He was surrounded by some men Matthew took to be his warriors and often rested on the back of one of them. The lantern was too bright for the Africans and they covered their adjusting eyes with their crossed hands.
“That’ll be a last resort,” Matthew told him, bringing out the book. He could hear the warriors arguing amongst themselves on what his vile presence meant for their fate while pointing at the book with their heads.
“What’s with the book?” Anderson asked him almost as if in a normal conversation. “I thought you should have come with a key?”
“The book brought us all here,” Matthew replied with conviction. “That was what I was trying to tell you in the village, but you wouldn’t listen to me.”
“So, what’s it gonna do for us now?”
“It brought us all here and it must take us all back ASAP.”
Suddenly they started rocking slowly from side to side as the ship began to move away from shore, giving greater urgency to the need to escape. Matthew opened the book to the third page, where only Anderson’s name still glowed, and faced the black boy.
“Anderson,” he shouted, but only the slaves stirred a little and grumbled much.
“What are you doing?” Stephanie whispered behind him.
“Trying to get us out of here?”
“I’m scared, Matt! They’re too many,” she fearfully whispered, her attention now diverted to the many black shapes lying around and about them in the glare of the lamp. Anderson quickly recognized her and became embarrassed. He covered his face in shame.
“Anderson . . . how are you?” she wondered and he forced himself to smile at her.
“Don’t worry,” Matthew told him when she looked away. “She’s not aware of the village.”
The black boy relaxed.
“Do you know they laughed at my English?” he asked Matthew, who was doggedly trying to understand the inner workings of the book by staring at his name and didn’t even look up. “They thought I was a mad man at first! This was before they realized I’d gone through that forest of lions unarmed and unhurt.”
“Matthew, we must leave now,” suddenly intruded Stephanie when she turned back to them and he hushed her. The book’s edges were beginning to smolder again, giving out a kind of reddish glow amidst the lantern’s yellow light.
The warriors near Anderson drew back with fear. They had known about the book’s powers all along, they told themselves. The tarmangani would kill them all!
But Matthew wasn’t even thinking of them.
“Give me your hands,” he told Anderson and the young chief raised his shackled hands towards the glowing book. Matthew placed his right thumb on his name and it seemed to glow red.
“Ah,” Anderson exclaimed, trying to take it back. “It’s hot! I think I must have . . .”
He vanished, and his chains, ropes and loincloth dropped to the ground, to the surprise of everyone.
“Whooooooaaa,” admired Stephanie, looking at the shaking Africans praying to their gods. “How did you do that?” she asked Matthew.
“I didn’t,” he mechanically said, staring at the spot his friend once sat. “It’s called a strike of luck.” He hoped the black boy had really gone home, and didn’t do so butt-naked!
“Hey,” shouted Gordon and they both turned with fright. He was quickly climbing down from the trapdoor. “What are you doing here with Shirlia, Master Andrew?” he demanded. “You know you are not supposed to be here, are you! I will smack you myself if I must.”
“Hold me, Steph,” Matthew told Stephanie in earnest.
“What?”
“Hold me.”
She obeyed him.
“I will get you, you brat,” Gordon railed as he advanced towards them. “Your father will hear this, if that’s the last thing I do.” He crashed to the wooden deck and cursed those whose black legs were impeding him.
Matthew turned to the book’s third page and looked to see if Stephanie was still holding his hand before placing his thumb on Nora’s name.
“It’s not working,” discovered his adopted sister with fright.
Gordon was advancing again. Quickly he tried another finger and still nothing happened.
“Do something,” broke down Stephanie.
“I’m trying,” he stumbled, placing his fingers on the name in succession.
Gordon was now running towards them.
Stephanie punched her left thumb on Nora’s name.

Chapter 11: Judea
THE change on Gordon’s person was as dramatic as it was rapid. His chin grew longer and his eyes became more hawkish like Mr. Pebblestone’s. His ears became covered with his growing hair and a helmet seemed to sprout out from his head and cover them, a bunch of white feathers pushing up from this helmet to start dancing in the wind. His shoulders broadened as armor plates concealed it and swallowed his back, chest and sides. His blue pants became a red skirt and sandals replaced his shoes. He grew taller and a red robe started blowing around behind him. A short, flat sword and a dagger emerged on his sides and a scabbard’s belt grew around his waist. All this took place as he ran towards the two children, both of whom were now staring at him in astonishment. Even the distance between the two and their aggressor appeared to have increased abnormally.
“Matthew, look,” Stephanie pointed out behind the running man. “It’s a burning castle.”
“Atop a hill,” he whispered, open-mouthed. “Cool.”
Their voices sounded different and their spoken words rang almost contrary to whatever they thought before opening their mouths.
“Are you still with the book?” Stephanie asked, rubbing her painful thumb.
“Sure.” He raised it up for her to see. It was now a scroll and he was lost for words.
“What happened to us?” she asked him, admiring her new attire.
“I think I’m beginning to understand the workings of the book, Steph,” he replied, looking up at the burning castle. “We might as well find Nora here.”
More Roman soldiers were standing with them on a hill very close to the larger one on which stood the city. The Africans they’d seen chained together in the hold of a slave ship destined for West Africa from that continent’s southern tip had all become white prisoners of war from the burning city. Even their loincloths had been replaced by long traditional gowns and dresses, and their men now had beards and moustaches. Only their long, arranged rows remained.
“Gordon has turned away from us,” indicated Matthew.
“Who’s Gordon?”
“Never mind. That’s not his name now, I guess.”
The man stopped before what looked like an officer on horseback and bowed from his waist. His words were clearly carried to them by the wind. What they didn’t know was that it was Latin.
“We have entered the temple, my lord,” he shouted. “Our enemies have refused to lay down their arms.”
“Then burn their temple and plunder it,” he was ordered. “Spare no one! We must crush this rebellion today.”
More soldiers were matching towards the city in formation. Those already inside were engaged in a brutal battle with the city’s remaining residents still willing to fight, and although Matthew and Stephanie could not see this, they could hear the wild shouting and painful cries emanating from within the city walls. Many were being matched out as prisoners and many were being silenced forever within the walls of this once glorious city.
The children didn’t know it, but they were witnessing the fall of Jerusalem to Roman soldiers in A.D. 70.
“Orders from General Titus, himself, my lord,” a grumpy voice boomed behind them and they turned to face a big bearded fellow with brass bands around his awesome wrists and legs. “The Governor’s son and his childhood wife must return to the protection of his guards.”
“I guess he’s talking to us, Steph,” Matthew said, still staring at the man’s face. He wondered what his name was this time.
“And it seems I’m your wife,” reasoned Stephanie. “That’s so awful.”
The man was still waiting for them as they stood there discussing, but now he stooped before them and grabbed them both in his massive arms, quickly retracing his steps back to a golden horse-drawn carriage behind them.
“Put me down, you,” yelled Stephanie in the Latin they had mysteriously come to be very fluent in. “I’m not his wife.”
But the Roman didn’t drop them until he got to the carriage and helped them to settle down, standing by their side afterwards. “My lord should not venture,” he remarked in Latin, looking at Matthew. “The enemy is wild and very dangerous.”
“Where are we?” demanded Stephanie.
“In Iudaea, my lady. Before the city of the rebellious Jews! This is soon to be re-conquered by our glorious emperor, Titus Flavius Sabinus Vespasianus,” was the long reply. She could only turn to her adopted brother with a confused stare.
“We’re near Jerusalem, I think,” he told her after much thought. “We still have the book, though.” And he shook the scroll in her face. “At least, all our names are still on it.”
“That’s not a book,” she wailed. “That’s a . . . .”
“Scroll, my lady,” the Roman soldier said. “What is a book, my lord?”
“A kind of scroll,” declared Matthew. “I must speak with my wife now and demand silence from you.”
The soldier bowed and turned away.
“I’m not your wife,” corrected Stephanie.
“That’s not the point,” said Matthew. “Look, I think we should look out for Nora amongst the prisoners. The book has a way of pitching those we’re looking for against us and across a divide of opposing parties. It happened with Anderson and I think it will happen here in Jerusalem.”
“Do you really think we’re actually spinning across continents due to this book?” she asked him, puzzled.
“Yes,” he answered in frustration. “We must assume we are if we’re to protect our sanity.”
He hoped she realized they were also spinning across time, itself. First France in World War II and then Africa during the slave trade. Now this. All during bloody clashes and all during very important historical world events. Why this was so he could not tell, but there were other questions he would really like to find answers to. Like whether Anderson really went back to the Sleepy Lake County of his time and not the Jurassic Era! Whether the book’s fluctuating temperature and fragile, smoldering edges had anything to do with the mystery surrounding it. Why these slow burning processes never actually erupted into consuming flames and char the book, and why on earth someone had to leave the damn thing in their attic in the first place!
He knew that the book must have a kind of ancient evil seething through its pages, which its former owners had been ignorant of. Their names on its first page confirmed this notion of his, with both men probably facing the same fate he now faced with Stephanie and the others somewhere else in space and time. More so, he’d come to the conclusion that he couldn’t use his right fingers to steer them both through the ‘historical corridors’ being created by the book, since he had been flipping through its pages with them. He was going to use his left fingers next time opportunity called for it, he’d finally decided.
Stephanie was looking out for Nora along the rows of prisoners as he had directed her to and he joined her without a word.
“What if she’s not in this castle, Titus?”
“What did you just call me?”
“Titus. You’re the governor’s son, remember?” she jolted.
“Yeah, I do, but I forgot my name, Zeporah,” he agreed, hoping she was still aware of their predicament.
Then a welcome sight greeted their eyes.
“Nora.”
“Where?”
“There, near the guy with a banner,” he pointed out. “We mustn’t lose her now! Nora.”
“Nora,” assisted Stephanie, bringing their guard’s attention to the coach and Matthew.
“It is forbidden to speak to the prisoners, my lord,” he told the boy, but Stephanie ignored this warning.
“Nora,” she repeated and Nora turned towards the coach with the other Jews, failing to recognize her and turning away again.
“Your actions will be the death of me, my lady,” the soldier begged her, and she realized with a smile that she was above him. She swelled with pride.
“My husband would love to have that Jew as a slave,” she told him, pointing at Nora. The Jewess was struggling to keep in line with her fellow prisoners while eyeing the Roman soldier with a whip. Matthew admired her dress.
“I will order my men to separate her from her people before the slave auction begins, my lady,” agreed the man.
“Men? I thought you were a guard,” noted Matthew, beginning to enjoy himself. There appeared to be no sign of trouble for them in this place.
“No, my lord,” replied the Roman. “I am a centurion directed to guard you by your father, himself. Those you see around you are my men.”
“What is your name?” asked Stephanie.
“Claudius, my lady. Claudius Savinus.”
One of his men struck down a Jewish prisoner cursing them in Greek. 
“Can’t believe I’m part of history,” giggled Stephanie.

*     *     *

Rachel sat in a corner of the cold cell she’d been thrown into with sixteen others and refused to cry. Tears were freely streaming down the many other cheeks around her and she knew they had every reason to cry, but then, were they not warned about Jerusalem’s downfall many years ago? Were they not told to prepare for it in good time? Even the one they called the Messiah talked about it for a long time before he was condemned to death by his own people.
No, she decided, this was not the time to cry for what had already been lost. After all, the captivity in Babylon lasted for several years and yet those in exile returned to rebuild the city. Even the Chaldeans and the Persians couldn’t stop that return then.
Presently, she looked around her. Those in the cell were mostly women and children, so the guards had opted to leave them unchained. Her father she knew to be still alive, because she was hearing his voice in the other cell, but she could not find her mother amongst the women in her own cell and kept wondering what had happened to her. Rumor had it that only the women and children would be sold off there in Iudaea, while the men would be taken to Rome for hard labor. Another rumor had it that all the Christians who failed to denounce their faith would also join this second group, and she just hoped her mother would see reason and denounce the faith, just as she, herself, was planning to do.
She knew her father would never denounce, and although she loved him so much, she thought this a very foolish thing to do. Rachel could never forget the stories of torture and sorrow which the Roman soldiers in Jerusalem always brought back with them from Rome. They said Christians were usually used as entertainment for the citizens of Rome in their many amphitheatres and that was not the way she wanted to go.
Maybe she would be bought by the governor’s son during the auction. She knew he would not hurt her because he was far younger than her and looked quite harmless. She was sure he’d been trying to get her attention back there on the planes near their burning city and wondered what ‘Nora’ meant in Latin.
“Attention all prisoners of Rome,” suddenly announced a Roman priest outside the room. “This will be your last chance to proclaim your allegiance to our noble emperor, Titus Flavius Sabinus Vespasianus! Members of your Christian sect who refuse to show their loyalty shall face the full wrath of our emperor in Rome! Your men will not partake of this ritual.”
The room’s heavy iron doors clanged open and soldiers with spears appeared outside. Rachel saw the priest waiting for them to come out.
“Hail the emperor,” the first woman near the doors cried and they pulled her to the priest’s right hand. She hurried some kids to join her.
“Hail the emperor,” another woman repeated and joined her Jewish counterpart on the priest’s right with her own kids.
The third woman said nothing, and was dragged to the left with her children. So were three other women and two girls after her, then Rachel’s mother stepped forward.
She said nothing and was vigorously pulled to the left.
“No,” screamed the girl in Greek, pushing her way forward. “Mama! Save yourself.”
“I must be with your father,” her mother cried and a soldier glared at her.
Rachel made her way to the door and stood before the others. “Save yourself, my girl,” her mother pleaded with her, but she said nothing.
She was pulled to the right.
“But I never said a word,” she protested, struggling to move to the priest’s left. “I must be with my mother.”
“You must praise your Christ and count yourself lucky,” the guard preventing her from doing this grumbled. “None has ever been shown the kind of favor you now fail to appreciate.”
He fought under Centurion Claudius and knew what he was saying, since the Romans viewed the Christians as rebels who must be severely punished.
Nonetheless, the stubborn girl kept up her disturbance until both groups were separated and she was pushed towards the auction hall, looking back now and then with tears in her eyes.



Chapter 12: Nora!
THE auction hall was a large synagogue in Caesarea, which the Romans had seized and converted into a kind of resting place for their soldiers involved in the campaign against the Jews. Tables had been laid out on which various fruits and delicious meals were arranged in large silver bowls, and an artificial pedestal raised up for the occasion lay before the guests, most of whom were still trickling into the hall. Several servants completed the picture.
On seeing the food, Rachel remembered she was very hungry and tried to move nearer in order to perceive more aromas from the delicious delicacies making up the rich menu, but she felt very sad when she was suddenly forced away from the tables and gathered guests, and pushed to a hidden corner of the hall with the others.
“All rise to our glorious governor and his son, Titus Flavius Sabinus Vespasianus,” a centurion announced and all the guests stood up. Governor Titus was dressed in a simple traditional Roman costume. A below-knee tunic over which a toga picta, or embroidered toga, hung from his shoulders. His son was similarly dressed, while the boy’s childhood wife, Zeporah, had on a traditional female attire. Matthew still couldn’t believe he was so close to a live Roman governor.
“Victory, my friends,” started the Roman leader, moving over to the reserved seats with his son and entourage. “Today the mighty armies of our magnificent empire have claimed the greatest victory in the annals of Iudaea by crushing the Jewish revolutionists in Jerusalem! Come, I beg of you, and earn for yourselves what prize you see before you! Let the sales begin.”
The crowd settled down after their governor and a flurry of activity resumed on the podium. The first woman was brought out for all to see, but Rachel, who still had a heavy heart for her losses that day, refused to follow the serious proceedings that followed, going as far behind as she could and deciding there and then to be re-baptized as she thought of her mother, whom she had really loved.
She was still thinking of her mother when the auctioneer’s attendant came and grabbed her by the arm. He took her up the podium.
“One of the Jewish girls,” smoothly started the slave trader in a sweet voice. “She’s Jerusalem’s best and she stands here before you! What more do you want, my lords? She’s untainted and beautiful! She will be ever ready to serve you, and she’s . . . .”
“You do not need to shout into their ears,” Rachel reminded him, generating laughter across the hall. Matthew noted this as significant, wondering how the book discovered people of similar behavior for its manipulations.
The auctioneer had lost his composure for a while, glaring at his good, and now turned back to his customers with a broad smile on his face. “She starts from a piece of gold,” he punished her with, drawing more bouts of laughter from his buyers.
But for a long time after this, nobody resumed the bargain and nobody looked anxious to buy the girl. The fellow regretted this action of his, presumably thinking he’d tainted his own good with his own mouth, even though this was very far from the truth.
“She starts from a hundred pieces of gold,” he tried to correct and Rachel smiled faintly. She wondered why they were not eager to purchase her for their beds and saw the governor whisper to his son across the tables from where she stood.
“Two thousand,” suddenly proclaimed Matthew and his ‘father’ ruffled his hair as his action was greeted with cheers from the older buyers. They had been ordered to wait for his bargain by their governor, himself.
“Sold for two thousand pieces of gold,” beamed the slave trader. “Sold to the household of Titus Flavius Augustus Vespasianus,” and he pushed Nora from the podium. “Sold to our glorious general’s son.” Rachel was taken away by the general’s maidservants.
“Good job,” whispered Stephanie into Matthew’s ear.
“Thanks,” he laughed. Now they could plan their leave, but he knew he was going to miss the place. Servants literally worshipped him and he liked his bed.
“You must retire now, my child,” the elder Titus told him, grinning. “Your studies start early tomorrow morning and it is very important.”
“But I want to stay, Father,” he protested, and Stephanie rudely nudged him. “The troops are celebrating tonight.”
“They will be drunk, Titus, and I do not want you involving yourself in their abominable orgies,” his famous, new father said in Latin. “Now, hop along and enjoy your wife and slaves.”
Quietly, Stephanie thanked Titus the Elder for his wise evaluation of the situation as Matthew led her away.
“Seems you’ve forgotten why we’re here in the first place,” she angrily told him. “You?”
“Don’t blame me,” he angrily retorted. “I was just trying to enjoy myself! Besides, you’re my wife, remember?”
“Not on my life,” she yelled, stomping into the room.
He swaggered in behind her.
“Matthew, you’re drunk,” she accused exasperatedly.
“No, I’m not,” he denied.
“Yes, you are.”
“No, I’m not.”
“Yes, you are.”
“No, I’m not.”
“Yes, you are.”
“No, I’m not.”
A guard cleared his throat at the door and their bickering stopped.
“Your slaves, Lydia and Rachel, await your invitation, my lord,” he announced and bowed away from the door.
“Let them in,” Matthew ordered in a bold voice.
“Matthew, we only need Nora,” Stephanie reminded him.
“I know,” he said, sitting down on his large bed, and then drowsily falling on his back. “We only need . . . Nora.”
Both girls came in and two guards blocked the entrance to the huge chamber. They were scantily dressed and had on heavy mascara on their eyes and lips.
Quickly, Stephanie discovered water in a pan and poured some on Matthew to wake him up. He cursed her in Latin as he did so.
“We must leave now, Sleepy Head,” she insisted and ran over to Nora in a bid to hug her. “Nora’s back and kicking,” she exclaimed.
“Not so fast, Steph! Don’t touch her,” cried Matthew in English, knowing what the embrace would result in despite his present state, but he was too late.
Rachel smiled as she accepted Zeporah’s welcome. This young Samaritan girl must have her own tale of pain and sorrow, and must be trying to comfort her with open arms since she knew that her own story had already started.
The embrace was warm and enchanting, reminding her of Leonard’s hug and how she enjoyed its soothing effect. Who could hug her like this but him? Who could smoothen away all her fears like this but him? She closed her eyes and held the girl very close to her body, feeling her warmth go out to her. It was so peaceful and she just wanted to remain there . . . and dream.
But someone had to spoil it all by calling her name.
“Nora! Wake up, Nora.”
And when she woke up, it was Stephanie she was tightly hugging, not Leonard. Besides, the girl was ear-deep in costume!
“What the hell’s going on?” she demanded in English, detaching herself immediately and looking around her in wild astonishment. “Where the hell am I?”
“Near Jerusalem?” helped Stephanie in a tiny voice.
“Why are you dressed like that?” Nora jolted her with, looking at her nose and neck rings with disgust.
“She has no choice, Nora,” Matthew replied for Stephanie, coming out into her conscious view for the first time. Nora held her head with her right hand and turned away. Of course, they were playing Roman citizens in the house!
She almost jumped out of her skin when she saw the other slave girl.
Matthew quickly hurried the poor Greek out of the room.
“Who was that?”
“A long story,” replied Stephanie.
“What’s she doing in our house?”
Matthew brought out the scroll from within the small leather bag he had ordered provided for it.
“Bring your hand, Nora,” Stephanie told her sister, who became rather livid and refused to obey the command.
“Is this some kind of . . . joke?” she questioned, excitement written all over her person and her heart thumping hard. “Does Mom and Dad know about this?” Her voice was rising.
“Nora, you must trust us,” Matthew urged her. The wine had left his eyes. “We cannot do this without your help! We must take you back home immediately.”
“And where are we?” she scoffed, looking for the door. “Can’t believe you fixed all this just for a play.” They must have obtained the heavy robes as well as the furniture from school! By the way, where did they push the sofas to?
Mom and Dad are gonna be mad!
“Where’s the TV?” she demanded.
“Behind those curtains?” angrily pointed out her adopted brother. “Roman style?”
She glared at him and defiantly matched over to the said draperies and flung them aside.
“I’m naked,” she screeched, protectively hugging her bosom and staring into an ornamented Roman mirror. “You undressed me in my sleep? Dad’s gonna hear this.”
Her raised voice forced the guards outside to peep into the room, and unfortunately, she saw them, and totally lost it.
“Nora, no,” Stephanie warned her as she made for the entrance. Matthew blocked her and she pushed him away. Both guards blocked her and she took some backward steps. Logically, they should be in the Roman play, but she hated the way their eyes were eating her up.
“I can’t believe you allowed strangers into our house, Matthew,” she said in an unsteady voice. “What if they . . . rape me?”
“They’re not strangers,” Matthew insisted. “They’re Romans and this is not our house.”
“I should’ve known,” she admitted, walking up to the Roman soldiers who looked confused and were wondering whether she was drunk in Latin. They were waiting for orders on what to do from the governor’s son, but he appeared confused himself, and was babbling in the foreign tongue of the barbarians of Britannia.
“Excuse me, please,” rapped Nora, “but I’m tired of the rehearsal and would like it to end now?”
“They cannot hear you,” pointed out Stephanie. “They speak a foreign language and it’s all because of the book. You must . . .”
“Shut up,” she snapped and turned back to the men. “Well?”
They agreed she was drunk and Titus was entertaining himself.
“Look here, you . . . chimp,” she vented, staring into the eyes of the ugliest. “I demand to be shown the way out, or I’ll scream for help.”
“They speak mumbo jumbo,” repeated Stephanie in a tiny voice beside her. “You must. . . .”
“Fine.” Nora was already reaching out for the man’s sword. That was a wrong move and the soldier snatched her hand behind her back before pulling out a dagger for her throat!
“O.K?” she slowly let out with fright, quickly understanding the situation.
“I await your orders, my lord,” the man growled in a bloodthirsty voice, freaking Nora into total submission and making her go limp in his powerful arms.
“Tie her up and leave us alone,” her adopted brother ordered in the same foreign tongue.
She could believe anything now!

*     *     *

“Matthew, what’s happening?”
This was far from over.
“You wouldn’t believe us,” accused Stephanie in English. “I couldn’t, myself, until I realized it was true.”
“What’s happening?” Nora demanded again and her new acquaintances looked into the room. The chimp was still brandishing his dagger.
“You’ve always looked out for yourself alone,” Matthew accused her with dismay. “Why should I waste my time explaining it all again?” He turned away.
“But she has a right to know, Matthew,” implored Stephanie.
“Alright,” he succumbed, turning back to Nora. “It’s the book.”
“Which book?” she quickly asked.
“The one he got from your room?” helped Stephanie.
“No, the one I got from the attic,” Matthew corrected.
“And what about it?”
“It’s magical,” her junior sister admired.
“It’s what?”
“Ever since I wrote our names on it, it’s taken us back through time,” Matthew confessed. “I didn’t know till it was too late.”
“Oh, my God,” Nora slowly let out, the gravity of his deed dawning on her.
“It became a scroll when we got here, Nora,” Stephanie narrated. “All our names have turned to mumbo jumbo.”
“We saved you from the Romans,” Matthew said. “They would have taken you to Rome since you were a Jewish prisoner.”
“Prisoner?” she mouthed, sadly glancing at her bonds.
“From Jerusalem,” he continued. “This is why we wanted you to go home before it was too late, but you’re too strong-headed to ever heed us.”
“What must I do?” she begged him with a renewed zeal for life.
“You must help us find the others,” he decreed.
“The others?” simultaneously exclaimed the sisters.
“I’ve changed my mind about sending Nora home,” he explained to Stephanie, tightly holding the scroll. “She must learn to look out for others.”
“But. . . But I’ve gotta meet Leonard,” Nora blurted out. “You won’t understand.”
“Leonard?” Matthew breathed in with fright. “I think I . . . I wrote in his name as well.”
“You what?”
“He came looking for you at home,” he evaded, fidgeting with his toga. “He insulted me with his friend.”
“You brat,” hissed Nora and the soldiers peered in again. “Wait till we get home.”
“What must we do now?” Stephanie asked, puzzled.
“Well, our . . . mission . . . continues,” declared an uncertain Matthew. He smiled sheepishly and looked away to frown miserably. He turned to Stephanie. “Here, hold my hand and Nora’s.”
She obeyed him and they both consciously turned to the door, while a puzzled, shackled Nora curiously eyed them in disbelief.
They straightened up with relief.
Matthew chose a name on the scroll.
He used a left finger. 



Chapter 13: The Wild, Wild West
NORA was freaked out by the sudden change in her environment and looked like she’d seen a ghost! “Where—Where are we?” she asked Matthew with fright. He was studying his reddened thumb and she gawked at it. “Is that blood on your thumb?”
“It’s just red,” he assured, turning his attention to the scroll-turned-book in his other hand. It was all so amazing!
“I give up,” Nora announced, ignoring their puzzled faces. “I mean, you caused all this,” she threw at Matthew. “I’m still wondering if I’m dreaming or not! What am I even saying? I thought as much about that book! I knew you were up to no good when you found it.”
“Nora, you’re a Red Indian,” suddenly discovered Stephanie.
“So are we,” Matthew dryly pointed out. “Thankfully, we still speak English.”
“The Indians knew a little English, Bonehead,” Nora snapped without thinking. “They learned from the English.”
“But we still speak better,” Matthew insisted in a small voice, turning his gaze on his surroundings. He’d watched so many movies of the Wild West to know the difference. Those guys really had limited vocabulary!
“Did you hear that?”
“Hear what?” asked Stephanie.
“Something like a . . . roar from a . . . lion,” whispered Nora with foreboding, turning her back on them. The place looked like a pine forest, but beyond it in the distance, a sloping plane stretched out in the light of a full moon.
This time they all heard the sound, which was clearly brought to them by the slow night breeze despite the resonating noise of the pine trees.
“At least, we know it’s not a lion,” Matthew allayed. “You don’t find them here.”
“And where do you think we are?” Stephanie asked him.
“America? Don’t ask me why I think so.”
“The Indian clothes?”
The ‘roar’ came again.
“Oh, my God,” quickly began Nora, drawing back to the others. “Oh, my God,” she kept saying. “Oh, my God.”
“It’s not a lion, Nora,” Stephanie told her. But the little girl still stole some backward steps like the others as they formed a tight triangle with one another, their backs in the middle. “It’s not a lion, right, Matthew?”
“Doesn’t sound like one to me,” he assured her. “I bet it’s a strange sound for a wild cat, though. I think we should break for the open beyond those trees.”
“They’re so far away,” complained Nora. “It will catch us before we get there.”
“It’s our only chance,” Matthew said. “We mustn’t look back when we start.” His attention was now diverted from the book. He didn’t see its edges turn red, but he felt it when its temperature sharply rose and suddenly shot through his spine.
“Yeow,” he shouted, dropping it and attracting the others. The black book exploded into flames as it fell into a shallow depression very close to his right foot and full of small snakes. Nora and Stephanie screamed as the tiny things dispersed, the book unexpectedly burning out its fire in their midst.
Matthew bent down to pick it up. It was no longer hot.
“Matthew, where are we?” threatened Nora.
“Near Mary Ann’s whereabouts, I hope,” he replied a bit uneasily.
“And you wanted us to believe you,” she shouted. “You caused them all to disappear and tried to prove your innocence.”
“How could I have known?” he shot back. “There was no manual on the book! No . . . instructions! I could have done the right thing then.”
Nora lurched towards him all of a sudden! She wanted to grab the book in his right hand and was the more agile for this sole objective, though she never succeeded. A bit of luck came Matthew’s way in the form of a slip on the wet ground, and the book fell back into the depression, which she dared not near with her hands!
“Guys, remember getting out of here?” Stephanie intruded with justification as her sister picked herself up. A black figure skipped past atop the pine trees and before the moon, and they both lost their newfound confidence, Stephanie jumping on Nora without delay.
“Who’s that?” called out Matthew with a weak voice.
They were all scared.
“O.K., breathe,” Nora mumbled, her heart thumping heavily in her ears and her breathing audible. “Keep breathing! Deeply.”
“It must be a fairy,” ventured Stephanie. Matthew stood up holding the book and she quickly came down from Nora, her legs poised for another jump and her hands strongly clutching the other girl’s Indian shirt.
Noiselessly, they edged backwards and away from the shallow depression, their backs facing the distant opening illuminated by the moonlight and their eyes riveted on the blackness created by the pine trees deep within the forest. These tightly clustered trees did not allow moonlight to penetrate into this part of the forest, and they feared it was from here that any threat would emerge.
“I hope it’s not a coyote,” whispered Matthew. “I hate coyotes.”
“Me, too,” agreed Nora.
“It didn’t have legs,” supplied Stephanie. “It seemed quite . . . legless.”
The comforting expanse outside the trees was still a long way off and that was not good, so they quickened their backward steps.
And driven by the terror they could only imagine, they slowly increased the pace of this quickened retreat, their hearts pounding loudly and their heads spinning round now and then to make sure they were headed in the right direction. They dared not contemplate what retaliation a full-blown marathon would generate from within the black oblivion horribly facing them, though, and refused to give into the temptation of running for their dear lives, even when it looked like their desired destination was rather receding from them.
The blackness before them beckoned. It seemed to grow darker and then take shape. At first, they thought nature was playing with their stressed out minds using the tall pines whistling in the ever-present wind that was hugging the forest. The moon’s inability to extend its rays into this region due to these stoic wooden lords was being manipulated by the latter, they thought, to create giant-sized monsters and demons in contrasts of silvery light and darkness as these trees swayed to and fro. Hence the tall, lanky apparition, which suddenly appeared in the midst of these wild shapes of varying grays and blacks, must certainly be a figment of their imagination.
Until it moved.
“Run,” yelled Matthew.
He was standing alone.

*     *     *

Just as Stephanie had observed, it was quite legless, and this it was using to its advantage, since it wasn’t scaling across fallen branches and tree stumps. It simply sailed towards their running figures on a large cushion of invisible air, just like a ghost would, and that was the scary thing. It was a ghost!
“Don’t look back,” cautioned Matthew, who had come up from behind and was now outrunning them both.
“Faster,” Stephanie warned Nora, on whom she was piggybacking. “Don’t let him catch us.”
But the black figure was closing in with long, outstretched hands and a confidence that could only heighten their own fear.
“Almost there,” Matthew cried out with what was left in him, but as they stumbled out of the greenery and onto the moonlit plane, he tripped and fell and his sisters outran him.
The ghost caught up with him!
“Matthew,” cried the girls a little farther off and immobile with fear.
Black, slender fingers crawled up to the book he still clutched and started wrestling for it with him. The demon before him had no face and lacked a definite form, but it sure knew what it had come for and appeared ready to struggle with him for it all that night.
“Let go of me,” he yelled with all his might. “Let go of it!”
Funny enough, he was beginning to feel drowsy and lethargic, and could not make out the form before him anymore as everything started turning into a blur. Heavy sweat covered his forehead and he thought his movements were becoming sluggish.
Half-heartedly, he saw a heavy pine branch swing across and through his black opponent. Was that Nora doing the swinging?
“Get away from him!” she was screaming. “Get away from my brother!”
Brother? He must be in a new world after all!
He smiled peacefully as she kept swinging the stick over his head. Had she not noticed it was ineffectual? Couldn’t she see the stick swinging through the ghost? His hands were becoming too lethargic for the scuffle he was in, but before he could resist any more attempts by his rival to wrestle the book from them, the latter instantaneously erupted into flames and the black spirit abruptly vanished!
He regained his strength and acuity, dropping the book reflexively, and the flames died down. Surprisingly, they had never been cooler and he’d felt no pain all the time the book was burning.
“What was that?” exploded Stephanie as Nora helped him up.
“A demon,” he gulped, picking up the cold book.
“A demon?” she began, staring into the forest. “How—How did it get here from hell?”
“We must go as far from here as possible,” charged Nora. She brushed off the dirt on her person.
Matthew was still puzzled. “But why was it after the book?” he asked them. “Where did it come from?”
“Hell?” reminded Stephanie.
They distanced themselves from the forest.
“Can’t argue with that,” agreed Nora, fidgeting all over. “Look . . . we must go home now and destroy the book! He will surely come back for it.”
“Typical Nora,” Matthew jeered her. “I should’ve known.”
“Well, the last time I checked it was all your fault,” she threw back. “You can’t judge me when it’s all your fault.”
“Is that why you tried to take the book?” he queried her. “To right all my faults?”
She didn’t know what to say and clenched her fists instead.
“Guys, we can’t continue like this,” yelled Stephanie in exasperation.
“Shhhhhhhhh,” silenced her adopted brother.
They heard horse hooves.
And the distinctive voice of Mary Ann.
“There must be a pathway ahead,” Matthew whispered, breaking into a run. “She must be in a horse-driven wagon, so there’s bound to be cowboys.”
“And what do we do when we meet her? Kidnap her?” objected Nora. “We’re Indians, remember?” She followed behind Stephanie.
There was a pathway ahead, and they could now see the horse-driven carriage with its two headlamps illuminating this rough track. Taking some more strides, they crossed the road and moved away on its other side to hide in the tall grass. The high-pitched voice of a girl giggling in the coach with boys could now be heard.
“It’s her,” affirmed Matthew. “Quick, we must get her.”
“How?” whispered Stephanie.
“I don’t know . . . yet,” he confessed. He could now see the boys in the wagon. They were dressed like cowboys, and there were four men dotting rifles and stationed round the wagon’s outside four corners.
“There must be a way,” he insisted, racking his brain.
“In case you haven’t noticed, dude, we’re Red Indians?” Nora tried to break into his bonehead again. “Although I prefer my previous attire, thank you. This one itches.”
Stephanie snorted.
“I’ve got a plan,” announced their adopted brother, and he scampered ahead of the trotting horses before they could stop him.
“What does he have in mind?” asked Stephanie.
“I’m as lost as you are.”
Unexpectedly, the carriage came to a halt very close to their hideout.
“An Indian,” one of the men shouted.
“He looks hurt,” another fellow declared, coming down from the wagon. “Let us help him.”
“DID HE LIE ACROSS THE ROAD?” mouthed Nora with alarm. Stephanie was rather filled with admiration. They heard the sound of the men’s shoes as they alighted from the coach.
“Come on,” she urged Nora. “Let’s get Mary Ann.”
They sneaked towards the wooden carriage.
The boys inside it were coming out to help the men, but Mary Ann and another girl remained inside. Both Indians crept up to the door they had left open in their excitement and suddenly stood up to face the two girls.
“O.K., who’s Mary Ann?” asked Nora and Stephanie pointed her out. The young ladies were lost for words. They couldn’t even scream.
Literally, Mary Ann was carried out of the coach and the Quentin girls disappeared with her into the tall grass. She started struggling and screaming.
“Indians!” finally assisted the other girl. “INDIANS!”
Those still trying to figure out what was wrong with Matthew came hurrying back to the coach, but when they heard what she was yelling, they turned back to Matthew’s prostate figure and became deeply puzzled by its nonexistence. “They took Mariana!” the little girl in the coach frantically shouted at them. “They took Mariana!”
“Where did they go?” grumbled a grumpy old fellow.
“That way,” she pointed out.
There were gunshots.
“They’re shooting at us,” exclaimed Nora as they moved away from the coach. The piercing screams of her hostage weren’t helping matters.
“Touch her,” whispered Stephanie.
“What?”
“That’ll make her well again.”
“But I’m doing that.”
“Not her clothes.”
Mary Ann stopped screaming and went limp in Nora’s arms as soon as she was touched. She also became heavier.
Another gunshot.
“Mariana! Mariana!” called out the boys and men as they fanned out in the tall grass. “Mariana! Where are you?”
“Where’s Matthew?” Nora asked Stephanie with dreadful frustration.
“I’m here,” he announced, popping out from the tall grass. Quickly, he withdrew the book from his person and skipped to the third page. He grabbed the hostage by a finger and she was aroused.
“What are you doing?” she demanded, pulling away her finger. “Where am I? You’re kidnapping me.”
Nora clamped her mouth shut and was bitten. The girl broke free and she gave chase.
“You’re letting her get away,” Matthew accused his sister.
“Help!” shouted Mary Ann as she ran. “I’m being kidnapped!” She was tackled by an athletic Nora and the sporadic shooting which ensued frightened her into submission.
“Hold your fire! Hold your fire!” ordered the grumpy old man. “You will kill her before we can find her.”
“Those Indians might have bows and arrows,” one of the boys objected. “They’ll silently pick us all out if we don’t scare them.”
“I said hold your fire,” warned the older fellow.
Matthew crept up to Nora in the tall grass and smiled at her. “Thanks,” he whispered, but she didn’t return anything.
“Matthew Quentin,” whined Mary Ann underneath her. “Please, don’t kill me.”
“I won’t if you obey me,” he snapped at her. “Give me your hand.”
She did so willingly.
And Nora collapsed on the field.
“She’s gone,” Stephanie joyfully observed behind them.
“How on earth?” began Nora as Matthew slipped the book back into his shirt. “How the hell did you do that?”
“There they are,” discovered the old cowboy. “Round ’em up.”
“Run,” yelled Matthew, picking himself up. He stared into the muzzle of a gun. The girls also picked themselves up. There was no need to run anymore.
They were surrounded by the rescuers.
“Indian scum,” a big man bellowed angrily and smacked Matthew right across the face, forcing him to crash to the ground. “What have you done to my daughter?”
“We’re not Indians,” Stephanie cried. “Leave my brother alone.”
She never knew she was speaking a native tongue.
“Where did you take Mariana?” the man repeated, grabbing Nora by her shirt. “Let us hang them this night,” he told the others. “They’ve killed my daughter.”
“We cannot do that, Tom,” objected the old man, coming up to the circle. He was wearing a kind of military uniform underneath his coat and had a soldier’s air around him. “We must take them to the lieutenant colonel. Who knows, they might lead us to Sitting Bull, himself.”
“And what of my daughter?” asked a surprised Tom. “What of Mariana?”
“They’ll be forced to tell us about her whereabouts when we get to the fort.”
“Not on my life,” muttered Matthew under his breath. Unlike Stephanie, he was beginning to realize they were speaking a foreign language. Nobody appeared to be taking interest in what he was saying.
“We’ll take them to the fort right now,” another coated soldier declared. “Custer’ll be glad to see them.” Matthew’s eyebrows almost came together as he tried to say something in English, cursing his new possession of limited vocabulary.
“Girl outran us,” he achieved, grinning foolishly and Nora stared at him.
“Yes,” she agreed in English. “Girl outran us.”
“Girl very fast,” mimicked the old man with scorn. “Take these liars away! They must have been sent by Sitting Bull and knew that Mariana is your daughter, Tom.”
“We no liars,” protested Matthew, testing his new grip of English. “We Americans! Look our faces.”
“You’re Indians, you fool,” snarled Tom, grabbing his shirt and shaking him vigorously. This action caused the book to slip out from the lower edge of the traditional dress Matthew was wearing. The frontiersman started. “Well, well, well! What do we have here?” he snapped, picking it up. “Stealing books, are we?”
“They must have come in through the mountains and killed someone for that,” another man suggested.
“No, we didn’t,” Matthew opposed in his native tongue, but was ignored. The old soldier turned to him.
“Dunno what you’re saying, son, but Custer’s got interpreters and he’ll be very eager to hear your defense.”
“In any damn tongue, boy,” added another fellow. “In any damn tongue.”
Matthew was tied up like his sisters before being pushed towards the coach. His eyes followed Tom as the soldier slipped the book into his coat pocket and climbed in behind the coach.
Getting it back was now a priority. 



Chapter 14: The Prisoners
GEORGE Armstrong Custer was a stout, mustached and long-haired lieutenant colonel of the American Seventh Cavalry Regiment. A subordinate had woken him that night with news the high-ranking officer had found so upsetting that he put on his military outfit and rode out immediately to the fort.
Sioux spies had infiltrated the mining settlements near the Black Hills east of the fort, and had reportedly killed a man and kidnapped a girl, leaving behind three of their own children in order to delay their pursuers. The children had stolen the dead man’s book as well.
“Where are they?” he asked the sentry posted before the prison house as he and his men, alongside an Indian scout of the Crow tribe, alighted from their mounts inside the heavily fortified compound.
“They’ve been incarcerated inside, sir,” replied the guard. “The general will arrive shortly.”
He nodded and walked in with the soldiers around him. The three Indian children were sitting on a rough table near the prison’s first cell room. There was a boy, a girl and a little girl. Those who caught and brought them to the prison house that night stood around with the soldiers guarding them. He recognized some of his cavalrymen amongst the men in this group and noticed the older Indian girl start as if she knew him.
“Oh, my God, it’s Custer,” Nora whispered beside Matthew in their native tongue. She looked like she always did when she’d seen a ghost.
“Who?”
“George Armstrong Custer! The George Armstrong Custer?” she clarified.
“Never heard of him.”
“I got to know him in History class,” she whispered. “He was killed by the Sioux Indians at the Battle of the Little Bighorn.”
“Why would he do a thing like that?” Matthew asked her. “Get himself killed in a battle?”
“He didn’t die alone,” she explained. “All those with him died in that battle for some mistake he made. There’s even a monument to his name near Bighorn County.”
“Hey, you,” the subject called out to them in English. “Big Indian girl! Stand.”
Nora heard this and quickly obeyed. The lieutenant colonel studied her for a while and noted that her beauty was a waste on an Indian.
“Have you seen me before, my dear?” he authoritatively asked her.
“No,” she simply said in English.
“Then sit down and stop whispering.” He turned to the chief guard here. “Well, my dear Kevin, it appears you’ve got your hands full this night, eh?”
“Indian rascals, sir,” the man replied with a smile. “Their dead victim we’re yet to find, but the men are hoping their children would lead us to Sitting Bull, himself.”
“They kidnapped Tom’s daughter in our company, sir,” reported the old soldier who was instrumental in catching the Indian kids.
“We assumed they were more than this,” added Tom, and he spat out towards the children.
“Is that so?” Custer said, visibly impressed. “May we ask them, then?”
“Here goes,” whispered Matthew. He thought the lieutenant colonel a nice man, but appearances could be very deceiving.
“How many were you?” the American officer asked them in English. The Indian with him interpreted this and Matthew discovered he hated this native for no identifiable reason. “Answer me.”
“We alone,” Stephanie buttressed with fright and the man calmed down with great effort.
“Your leaders are stubborn,” he told them, drawing nearer. “Sitting Bull, Crazy Horse and—and Rain-in-your-face! You shall lead us to them tomorrow, and may God have mercy on your souls if we find Tom’s little girl already dead.”
“My Mariana,” sorrowfully exclaimed the mentioned father. He would’ve suggested a sweeping night search to the lieutenant colonel if not for the dangerous hills.
“But we don’t know these people,” Matthew protested in his native language, wondering why this cursed adventure wouldn’t allow him to speak English as freely as he was hearing it. “We only came to take back Mary Ann.” The Crow scout translated what he’d just said and the lieutenant colonel glared at him.
“You will know them when you face death tomorrow,” he snarled, showing his white fangs again and causing Stephanie to hug Matthew with all her might. “And where the hell do you think Mariana belongs? In your tepees?”
“I think he’s right, Matthew,” Nora whispered dejectedly when he turned away. “Those he just mentioned led the Sioux and other war tribes to the battle I just told you about. We might even be unconsciously aware of where they are right now. This is crazy.”
“Enter General Howe Terry,” announced an officer at the door and an impeccable gentleman dressed in a superior military uniform came into the room to the nod of the men there. Matthew rightly sensed that he was above every other soldier there in rank.
“Why,” he said with a smile, coming towards them. “They’re just children.”
“Right you are, sir,” agreed Custer with a little indifference. “Children pushed into the cold face of conflict by those who should know better.”
“They must be returned to the reservation tomorrow, Major Reno,” the general ordered a younger man who simply nodded. He turned to Custer. “Your regiment must scout ahead of us tomorrow, lieutenant colonel. General Crook has encountered fierce resistance and we must finish this war without him. Locate the main Sioux body along the Yellowstone and get south of it. We’ll face them from the north.”
“Yes, sir,” agreed Custer.
“We’ll waste no time in defeating them,” his senior continued. “The Bureau estimates there to be five or eight hundred of them. We shall discuss this tomorrow.”
His men saluted him as he left and Custer cynically turned to the young major ordered to return the children to the reservation. “We’ll have to bend the general’s directive a little, Reno,” he said, nodding in the direction of the Quentins. “They must lead us to the Sioux tomorrow! Our Crow scouts can tail them to find out where they go.”
“What if they refuse to help us, sir?” asked the officer.
“Then we’ll kill the youngest,” was the chilling reply. “Private Conrad will also be with the Crow scouts, and he still shoots well.”
A young handsome fellow wearing a military hat that was intentionally slanted to cover half his face shyly nodded as everyone turned round to glance at him. Nora was immediately hooked when she noticed him.
“He’s beautiful,” she whispered, trying to make out what his hidden face looked like.
“He’ll kill me tomorrow,” Stephanie whispered, trying to make out why he should do that.
Custer turned on his heels and took his leave without another word, his entourage closely behind him. The handsome sniper remained, however, since he’d noticed the conspicuous beauty of the female Indian fugitive staring at him the way her siblings were not.
“This is what we get for all our efforts on our own soil,” Matthew despaired as he was herded into a barred cell with the others. Three guards took positions outside this cell and he noticed Mariana’s father amongst them.
“You can be assured they’ll never escape, Tom,” one of the guards told the man. “You can join us early in the morning for the search.”
“No, I’ll guard them with you,” he insisted, refusing to leave with the others. “I cannot go back home without Mariana.”
“At least, Mr. Sniper won’t disturb us this night,” Stephanie observed with optimism.
“I—I think I’ve found a new crush,” Nora whispered unconsciously to herself as she stared at him and Matthew forgot the book he was glaring at, which was on Sergeant Kevin’s table across the room, and turned his attention to her.
“Can’t believe you just said that,” he threw at her.
“He’s just a crush,” she defended. “He’s not Leonard.”
“I can see that,” he helped her with, and walked over to the back of the cell to squat on the floor beside Stephanie, his chin on his hands. The man they called Tom was grinning at them, his gun pointed directly their way and his right index finger on its trigger. Matthew thought he saw him mouth the word ‘bam’ and shifted about arduously.
“I’m gonna kill you all if I don’t find my daughter,” the aggrieved fellow fumed menacingly. “I’m gonna kill you all.”
“Did you hear that?” Stephanie asked him. “Matthew, he means it.”
“We still have time,” he assured her. “He can’t kill us in here. It must be against the law.” His eyes were once more drawn to the book and he realized that the man behind the desk had slept off. It wouldn’t be for long now!
Mr. Sniper was still watching Nora as she leaned on the iron bars. As long as the other soldiers didn’t fall asleep, he could never draw near to talk to her, and Matthew tried to see an opportunity in this eventual meeting since the guards were beginning to ward off their unwelcome but necessary night guest.
He saw none.
“Hi,” the soldier began, starting towards their cell, which was the only occupied one in the place. He looked around him at his sleeping comrades and stepped towards Nora.
“Hello,” she said in English, shifting her weight to the other leg and blushing through and through. Matthew turned to arrange a sleeping Stephanie on his thighs with disgust. Girls. They were so unpredictable!
“I like your hairdo,” Nora was told. “I’ve never seen an Indian blonde before.”
“Thanks.” She broadly smiled and brought her gaze down to his rifle. “Shoot good?”
“Yes, can you?”
“No?”
“Here, I’ll show you,” he suggested, bringing the weapon up to the bars before her. “This is the barrel. Bullets come out from its muzzle, and this is the trigger. You shoot from there.”
For a moment, Matthew thought he saw Nora tense all over and wondered whether she was going to attempt the impossible, but she did not and he felt so disappointed in her. Little did he know that she had other ideas up her sleeve.
“Very good. Good.” She laughed with Conrad, furrowing her forehead as if she was concentrating on what he was saying, and he eased up a little, revealing his face a little more.
“What’s your name?” he asked her.
“Kora,” she replied, surprised at the name. Half of his face was still underneath his hat and Matthew frowned at this. Who did he think he was? Clint Eastwood?
“Kora pleads for black book,” Nora began, smiling broadly and foolishly at him and pointing at Sergeant Kevin’s desk.
“They say your people stole it,” he said, smiling back. The truth was she really liked him. He reminded her of Leonard.
“No,” she denied. “Book from my father! Very precious to me.”
Her eyes pleaded with him on her behalf. He thought about it in the throes of infatuation he was experiencing near her.
“Very well,” he decided, leaving her side to retrieve it from Kevin’s desk.
“Not so fast,” lousily yelled a drowsy Tom as the sniper turned to their barred cell with the black book in his hand. “I knew it from the start,” he whispered. “You wanna help ’em.”
“Far from that, soldier,” said Conrad. “I’m just giving them back their book. No harm in that, right?”
“Well . . . I guess not,” agreed the older man. “Since we’ve seen no dead persons, I think it’s theirs alright. But don’t you think it could be a book of Indian spells? An Apache medicine man I once knew had such a book, and he goes around with it.”
“Could be . . . ,” faltered Conrad, eyeing the book’s worn-out edges. He opened it and stared into it with a blank expression. “There’s no ancient writing on its pages, though. They haven’t been written on, yet.”
“Book for English,” Nora pointed out, feeling relief wash over her at what he’d just said. Matthew felt the same way.
“I don’t believe you,” Mr. Tom snapped, but those asleep remained so. “You want to deceive us.”
“I believe her, Tom,” Conrad told him and he appeared shaken by the mention of his name. “I think it’s not a spell book . . . yet.”
“There’s another way to make sure of that,” snarled the man, stumbling to his feet. “We must hold the little one accountable for all this.”
“No way,” suddenly objected Matthew in his native Indian.
Nora frowned at him and he realized his mistake.
Tom was delighted by this. “See? I told ya! He’s against what I’ve just said, if you ask me,” he quipped.
“Very well,” agreed Conrad, stooping to unhook the cell’s keys from a slumbering guard. This new development was never considered by the Indians inside, and they looked on with horror as he apologetically woke Stephanie and dragged her out of the cell, while Mariana’s father covered them with his rifle. Stephanie, herself, could not say a word due to blunt fear and her sister and adopted brother felt so ashamed and helpless in the face of this unwanted incursion that they refused to look at her.
Tom took charge of the little girl and Nora received the book from the sniper without looking at him, either.
“I am sorry, Kora,” he apologized again.
“Not your fault,” she stammered, and she meant it.
The plan had been a complete failure.

*     *     *

Morning saw a large crowd of gold miners gathered outside the fort and demanding the heads of the three Indians whose parents had left behind when Mariana was kidnapped the night before. Since everyone had been accounted for except the missing girl, the murder charge brought against them was officially still in effect, the sheriff had said, until Mariana was found alive and well. Unfortunately, this gave Lieutenant Colonel Custer the legal support he’d never asked for when he had decided to detain the children against superior command.
“Private Conrad will take the little girl on his horse as a safeguard,” the lieutenant colonel said. “The other two will be put in the Iron Cage! Watch their every move! Silent One and Eagle Eye will go with them, and the other Crow scouts will be further behind to lead us. Am I clear?”
“Yes, sir,” the men chorused in agreement.
“Good. Now bring out the Indians and tie them up! We leave immediately.”
Matthew and the girls were brought out from the prison house and their hands tied behind their backs.
“Oh, my God, it’s started,” Nora began, looking around at the wide array of activities being undertaken by Custer’s troops in preparation for the expedition ahead. “I can’t believe I’m seeing this.” Her knees were weak.
“Food,” repeated Stephanie in English, but nobody wanted to notice her. “I am hungry, mister,” she told the guard behind her, but he didn’t respond, since she was speaking in her native tongue. She started crying and he hurried her to Conrad.
“We need food,” Matthew shouted in despair. “We hungry.”
“Put them in the cage,” Custer ordered his men. “They’ll eat when they get to the reservation.”
“Those before the fort will hamper our exit, sir,” observed Major Reno on a gray horse.
“They will disperse when I order them to,” his superior informed him and turned to a dispatch rider. “Get to Fort Strong and tell the general we’re on our way.”
“Yes, sir.”
“History’s about to repeat itself,” Nora whispered with a shaking voice before she was pushed into the Iron Cage. “I—I just hope we can still escape before the battle starts,” she told a frightened Matthew who, although he nodded without a word, knew that there was only a slim chance of this actually happening. The other night’s event was still fresh in his memory, and would be for a long time to come!
“Open the gates,” ordered Custer.
“Open the gates,” ordered Reno.
And the gates where thrown open.
“Where are those scoundrels?” a protester shouted before it.
“They must be killed for Mariana’s sake,” another screamed, but the troops inside prevented majority from crossing the gate line.
“Matthew!” Stephanie shouted on Conrad’s horse. “Matthew, save me!” She had tears on her cheeks and in her eyes, and couldn’t see her adopted brother or her sister anywhere near. “Kora, where you?”
“She’s safe, little one,” assured Conrad as he cleaned off her tears with his gloved left hand. Nora saw this and smiled despite her situation.
“Yeah,” agreed Matthew, watching this beside her. “He’ll wipe away her tears and later shoot her in the back.”
“He’ll do no such thing,” she told him. “I don’t think he has that kind of heart.”
“I don’t think he’s sincere, either.”
“Oh, shut up,” she said. “Who says you now have the right to judge anyone after your blunder last night?”
“And what does that have to do with this?”
“A lot?”
“Where Kora?” Stephanie asked her new friend, and he pointed at the hooded cart, although this didn’t help matters, especially when the little girl saw Tom climb his horse and remembered who he was from the night before.
“Kora,” she cried. “Kora, where you?”
“She’s in the cart,” snapped Tom. “And you’ll join her if you don’t keep quiet.”
“Nora,” she continued. Conrad thought she meant ‘Kora.’
“There is one,” pointed out a bearded young man in the crowd before them. “Her head for Mariana!” he shouted.
“Her head for Mariana! Her head for Mariana!” picked up the crowd, who couldn’t still cross the gate line.
“Stephanie!” Nora called out to her. The cart wasn’t near the sniper’s horse, so there was little chance of her being heard above the din being generated by the rioters outside the fort. “Stephanie, stop shouting,” she begged. “They’ll kill you if you don’t!”
“Stephanie,” Matthew assisted. “Stephanie, please stop!” He tried to show her his head very close to the metal bars and thought she spotted him. “Stephanie, stop shouting!”
Some miners made to cross the gate, but foot soldiers threatened them back.
“Her head for Mariana! Her head for Mariana!” they continued shouting despite their retreat. Custer’s cavalrymen were beginning to mount their horses and on noticing this, the rioters surged forward again.
“Her head for Mariana! Her head for Mariana!”
“Silence!” suddenly ordered the lieutenant colonel atop his black mount, and they wondered why he was being so mean. Emerging from the midst of his men, his authoritative presence caused a cold calm to radiate from him out over the gathered miners.
“Tom,” he shouted, and the soldier trooped out on his horse, grinning broadly. The military officer turned back to his audience with satisfaction. “As you can see, Tom is here with us today! You all know who he is, and together, we will find Mariana and revenge her death if her kidnappers have done such an abominable thing! This I assure you! Now, go home.”
They hesitated.
“What about her, officer?” angrily queried the bearded man, pointing at Stephanie. “It’ll be good if she dies right now.” And those around him nodded in agreement.
“Why?” laughed Custer. “She’s just a kid and will be returned to the reservation with her brother and sister. They have nothing to do with this! Now, go home,” he stressed. “Leave before I start shooting.”
They turned away one by one. The lieutenant colonel was no fun.
“Troop out, Major Reno,” he ordered. “They will make way for the horses.”
The riders had surrounded the hooded cart carrying Nora and Matthew and now made way for it to stop ahead of the regiment. Foot soldiers were positioned near it with their rifles poised on their shoulders should there be trouble from the slowly dispersing crowd.
There was none.
“Stay with the Crows, Conrad,” Custer ordered the sharpshooter. “Near the Bighorn River, you must release the Indians to continue on foot and lead you to their encampment! Kill the small one if they refuse to do so. Kill the big girl if they further refuse, but make sure you’re not spotted by the Sioux. Now go! General Terry will be here anytime soon and he must not know we still have the children.”
Mr. Sniper saluted and joined Silent One and Eagle Eye behind the cage on the cart. A Sioux deserter was driving the cart’s horse and would be told to stop before Yellowstone. There Kora and her brother would have to continue on foot.
“I’m going with him, sir,” said Tom, cocking his rifle on his horse. “May God have mercy on those holding my Mariana.”
“Yes! Show ’em, Tom,” supported his old colleague amongst the remaining people milling around. “They said I cannot go with you ’cause I’m getting too old for the army, but I’ll be there with you all the way.”
“Yes, Tom,” shouted a boy who’d been around the night before. “We hope you come back with Mariana alive and well.”
“Greet those Indians with your gun,” another cried. This fellow was with the little girl Mariana had been with when she was kidnapped. “Show ’em no mercy, sir.”
“You’re free to die anytime, Tom,” Custer waived. “After all, she’s your daughter.”
He laughed at his joke, but Mr. Tom never found it funny. Some people were like the lieutenant colonel. Always laughing at other people’s travails! 



Chapter 15: Sitting Bull
“MATTHEW, we have to leave right now,” Nora stuttered beside him. “We cannot wait for the battle to begin.”
“But we cannot leave without Stephanie,” he objected. “We must find a way to bring her here! Sniper likes you! Make him do it.”
“You know I can’t! Tom’s always watching.”
She was right. He turned to glare at the big fellow, who raised his gun towards him and mouthed the word ‘bam’ with a smile.
“He intends to kill us all even if they find his daughter,” he interpreted. “We know they’ll never find her ’cause she’s Mary Ann and she’s gone back home.”
Nora sighed. This was his entire fault and she was still angry with him for what he had done back at the fort. Now they would all get killed in that Sioux massacre of Custer’s three hundred. How horrible!
“How come we’re in this story when we never played a part in the original?” Matthew suddenly asked her. “It’s like the book is rewriting history.”
“’Cause you helped it to,” she snapped. “A true Quentin will never do what you did with that book.”
“Hey, I’m sorry,” he pleaded, feeling the pinch of her biting words.
“That won’t do and you know it,” she bitterly added, making the horse rider turn back towards them.
“Hey,” he said in their tongue. “Quiet back there.” And they both fell silent, each person with his or her own thoughts.
“Why do you hate me?” Matthew asked her and she looked away. His voice was tearful.
“Halt,” shouted Tom behind them. “There she is. The Yellowstone.”
“The river,” Nora explained to Matthew’s inquisitive stare. “It is . . . here we start walking.” There was no bite like she’d previously mustered towards him in these words.
Conrad alighted from behind Stephanie and unlocked the cage to bring them both down. Matthew thought he helped Nora down a bit more gently, but shrugged off the thought. The book in his shirt was becoming warm again and he prayed it wouldn’t catch fire there. That would surely be catastrophic!
“You can turn back now,” Tom told the cart driver. “We don’t need you anymore.”
“And since when did you take charge, Tom?” asked Conrad. “He’ll leave when I say so.”
“I leave now,” the Indian insisted. “If you still need cage, I take horse.”
“Alright,” agreed the private, motioning to Eagle Eye to alight from his horse and take over the cart.
“Untie us,” Nora told him. “Please?”
“I cannot, Kora,” he pleaded. “Show us your camp and I’ll let you go.”
“Far from it,” opposed Tom. “I’ve got a private’s badge as well, Shooter, and I say no way.”
Conrad’s face was strained, and before they could all blink again, he had drawn his pistol and shot off the rifle from Tom’s hand!
“Untie them,” he simply said and the frightened man ran to obey before he lost his hands as well.
Nora was impressed.
“I’ll kill you if you try to run, understand?” he told her, and she nodded.
“What of me?” asked Stephanie from his horse and he understood her, slitting her ropes with his knife.
“Why cover face?” Nora asked him, thanking him with her eyes. “Why hide from us?”
“He’s a shooter, bitch,” snarled Tom. “His death will be the death of us all.”
The sniper ignored this flattering remark.
“Let’s do this,” he said and jumped onto his horse behind Stephanie.
Nora didn’t move. She didn’t know where to go, but Matthew did. He moved.
“Where’re you going?” she asked him, bewildered.
“To the camp?” he replied. “You said we know where it is although we haven’t seen it before, remember? Let’s hope there are better people there.”
He was insane, but there were no other options except death, and she wasn’t ready to face that one yet. The scouts followed behind them and the cart took up the rear.
And they marched for hours.
“Sure you know where you’re going?”
“Nope.”
“Matthew, he’ll kill us if we don’t deliver.”
“Thought you said he won’t.”
“That’s not the point.”
“I’m hungry,” Stephanie cried behind them. “Food.”
“Will you shut up?” growled Tom. “Your people will feed you when we meet ’em.”
His horse suddenly buckled under him and he lost his balance. A thin arrow quivering on her chest told him the full story. His prediction had been instantly granted!
“We’re under attack!” cried Conrad, trying to know where the arrow had come from. Two more hit Silent One and Eagle Eye!
“Nora, down!” Matthew warned his sister, but she couldn’t move a muscle. An arrow swished past her head as he pulled her down. The sniper saw the attacker’s tomahawk flash in the sunlight and downed him. More Indians took his place.
“Stephanie!” Matthew cried and went for her. He got her off the horse before Conrad toppled to the floor with it. Tom wanted to flee, but his path was blocked by the Sioux. Conrad killed another.
Nora screamed when she saw the arrow pointed his way. She quickly covered him and Tom crawled in behind them, shaking all over and begging God for his mercies.
They were soon surrounded.
“Drop your gun,” a fearsome-looking fellow shouted at Conrad and he obeyed.
“They have rifles,” Matthew whispered, drawing Stephanie behind him.
The fearsome-looking fellow stepped forward and slapped Nora hard across the face. “You shame us, Kora,” he snapped. Big feathers decorated his headwear and he was wearing attire very similar to theirs. His own head filled the mouth of a wild animal’s skull, which was complete with fangs and a mandible, and his own bow had claws decorating its ends. “Take away the soldiers,” he ordered his men in their language. “Kill the Crow.”
Tomahawks sliced across Eagle Eye’s neck and divided Silent One’s head into two. Conrad was pushed away with Tom.
Nora fainted.

*     *     *

She woke up to the rocking movement of the cart. Her hands were once again tied behind her back and she was not alone. Matthew and Stephanie sat beside her, and Conrad was staring at the cart’s wooden floor opposite her with Tom. He was still wearing his hat, but his gloves had been taken away from him.
“Why don’t you use the book?” she asked Matthew in their native tongue.
“My hands?” he pointed out.
“Where are they taking us?”
“Their encampment,” supplied Stephanie.
“Our encampment,” corrected Matthew. He didn’t want an Indian father. “I think we’ve met enemies again for no reason of ours.”
“Can’t say I didn’t warn you, Mr. Know-it-all,” said Nora.
“I’m sorry.”
He meant it, but she didn’t acknowledge it. She did this intentionally, he thought. She was so mean.
The cart rumbled into a camp of triangular tent-like structures Nora knew to be tepees from History class. Mountains encircled the settlement, and she noticed the two soldiers opposite her become alarmed.
“So it is true,” muttered Mr. Tom. “They have a camp here.” He’d forgotten all about Mariana in the last few minutes and had never been more terrified in his life. “What do you think they will do to us, Shooter?” he asked his fellow prisoner-of-war.
“I wish I could answer that,” snapped Conrad. He looked frightened, thought Matthew, wondering why he’d been so calm all the time they were on the river’s path. “They might skin us alive and boil us with buffalo meat.”
“GOD HAVE MERCY ON US!” screamed Tom, becoming more aware of his surroundings. He wasn’t thinking of his daughter anymore.
The cart stopped and the cage was unlocked by the Indians, who proceeded to drag them out and mercifully cut their bonds before pushing them towards a particular tepee copiously decorated with feathers.
“Why are they treating us this way?” yelled Stephanie. “I thought we were Indians as well! It’s not . . .”
“Silence,” growled a Sioux with a rifle beside her and she clamped up. A flamboyantly dressed old man was emerging from the buffalo tent before them and her attention became riveted on him. His headwear was dragging on the floor as he walked and the many feathers decorating it were almost the length of a man’s arm. A wooden stick attached to the tail of a horse was his staff and traditional shoes covered his feet. His face was hard and heavy, and he looked very, very crafty.
“Bow to our glorious leader,” barked a skinny man who emerged with this masquerade. “Bow to Tatanka Iyotake.”
“Sitting Bull?” whispered Nora under her breath as she knelt down like the others and bent from her waist.
“What about him?” asked Matthew.
“Standing before us,” she muttered in disbelief.
A rough hand vigorously pulled her up and she found herself staring into his eyes.
“You failed, Kora,” he accused without reason. “You failed to succeed in your mission.”
Nora cursed the black book.
“I—I do not remember . . . Great One,” she found herself stumbling over.
“Silence,” he growled and turned away. “Search her, Carved Face.”
The order had gone to a tall man with facial knife wounds, and the Indian eagerly stepped forward to pull out a sharp knife from a concealed part of Nora’s thigh.
“What was she to do with that?” Matthew demanded, but Carved Face merely looked at him and turned to his chief.
“You failed to use this on the general,” the old man revealed with annoyance, glaring at Nora. “You even fell in love, I hear.”
“Am I an assassin?” Nora whispered in disbelief. Of all the occupations! “It’s not true.”
“That you failed to kill our greatest enemy or you fell in love with one of them? You take me for a liar? Bring the deserter,” ordered the chief. He sat on a stool before his tepee. “He will be my only witness.”
“Oh, my God,” exclaimed Matthew when he saw the fellow who’d driven their cage down to the river. He must have been caught on his way back and tortured badly, because he was carried by two warriors. The boy remembered to cover Stephanie’s eyes with his hand as these men came forward. The man’s two legs were broken.
“What did they do to him?” wailed Tom in a panic-stricken voice.
“What did you tell us, fool?” Sitting Bull asked the man. “Speak before I cut off your tongue.”
“Kora likes Shooter,” he repeated. “Brother knows this.”
The skinny Sioux beside the chief spat on Nora and she cringed back with disgust. By the way, who was he?
“You shame your father, Kora,” a woman nearby cried. “You bring shame to your dead brothers and sisters.”
Was he her father? She couldn’t tell.
“Enough,” said Sitting Bull. He turned to the skinny Indian beside him. “We must allow her to confess, Crazy Horse.” Now he pointed at Conrad, who was holding on to his hat with one hand. “Do you love him, Kora?” he demanded from Nora, and all eyes turned to her. “Do you love one whose greedy people have seized the lands of your own people without any reason but gold?”
“What are they saying?” the sniper asked Matthew.
“She love you?” he interpreted.
“I do not, Great One,” he heard with relief. “I only like him.”
“What?” he snapped. Nora had gone mad!
“Then you are no longer my daughter,” declared Crazy Horse, abruptly turning on his heels to enter the tepee.
Nora was amazed. Crazy Horse her father?
Many of the men gathered there shook their heads and walked away. Even the only woman standing nearby did the same thing and entered a tepee. What did she do now?
“What did she say?” Conrad asked Matthew.
“She hate you,” he craftily said, feeling dejected.
“She saved my life,” the shooter told Tom with great joy. “She lied for me.”
“She kill you,” a nearby Indian told him. “She no save life.”
“What?”
Matthew shifted away from the man, pulling Stephanie along.
“This is my judgment,” resumed Chief Sitting Bull, who had been discussing the cases before him with his chief warriors. “You must return home,” he said, pointing out Mr. Tom. “Your daughter found! If we meet again, you no live.”
Matthew swore he could feel the big man die of relief as he was taken away.
“And for you, Kora,” continued the old Indian chief, “you have chosen your destiny.” He was speaking in their native tongue. “Your father has disowned you and you have failed your people, so you must die with the enemy.”
His warriors approved of this judgment with their heads.
“You must travel on your final journey with your brother and sister, since they failed to remind you when you forgot your mission,” another highly placed Sioux told her. “They will die with you if they want to.”
“Great,” Matthew concluded, talking to himself. “We’ll be together in death.”
But Sitting Bull turned to him and looked intently into his eyes. The chief had sensitive hearing. “Boy not afraid of death,” he deduced in English. “Crazy Horse should be proud of you, only that he has many other sons who show more loyalty! And why do you not beg for your life?”
“Um. . . . Why should I?” stumbled Matthew, before realizing his mistake and clamping his mouth. “I can choose not to die, right?”
“Search him,” the Sioux leader ordered Carved Face, who advanced with a grin towards the boy.
It did not take long before he found the book.
It did not take long before he dropped the book!
“What evil is this?” his big chief demanded from Matthew, staring at the burning book. “Where did you get it?”
The boy was still gaping at the flames with his mouth wide open. What if it had exploded on him? He dared not even imagine!
“It is evil! I sense it,” a warrior near him cried.
“Book must burn with Kora,” declared another. “It brings evil with it! It must leave with Kora now.”
Private Conrad was as surprised as every other person there. The Sioux boy must have learned magic superior to that of Chief Sitting Bull, himself! The book burning before him had so agitated the Indians that confusion was etched out on their faces as they tried to explain the phenomenon behind it. How does a book start burning without being ignited? What kind of devilish magic was manifesting itself before him?
If only the lieutenant colonel would come to his rescue at that very moment in the middle of the confusion this burning book was causing! He just hoped that those Crow scouts behind them earlier in the day had seen what happened near the Little Bighorn River before retreating to Custer’s units!
Gunshots.
Far away.
They had arrived!
“Prepare for battle,” the Sioux chief quickly said, standing up. “Bring me my sacred dog.”
“What of them?” asked a subordinate, pointing at Matthew and the others.
“Bring them along! They will burn with the enemy on the field of battle! Lock them in their iron cage and soak the cart with oil! Set it on fire as you drive into the hills! Go quickly.”
Again their hands were tied behind their backs. The Indians must have forgotten about the evil book because they just left it lying there on the ground while they prepared their horses for battle and sharpened their spears. As usual, it had burnt out.
“Get the book, Nora!” Matthew yelled. The sniper made to run, but reconsidered this move when he saw the natives distributing a large cache of rifles and ammunition. “Nora!” Matthew shouted at his sister and she heard him. “Get the book,” he signaled with his head and she quickly shuffled over to it and knelt to pick it up with her shackled hands.
About time, too, because the next moment, three Sioux warriors were dragging them into the cage and locking it. And as she sat down beside her adopted brother inside this current prison of theirs, Nora was surprised by the cold emanating from the leather cover in her hands. It felt so good in the heat.
“We must escape,” Private Conrad told them and peered out of the hooded cart as it rumbled into life.
More gunshots were heard.
“They must have spotted our camp,” a Sioux warrior snarled outside. “They must have come with the traitors.”
“Phew!” exclaimed Nora.
“Can’t believe they take us all to be traitors,” remarked Matthew. “It’s not fair.”
“Silence back there!” their new driver shouted in his local dialect from the front. He had orders to burn the cart and its human cargo in due course, so he had some oil containers with him and was looking forward to his diabolic mission with relish.
“I am free,” Conrad suddenly whispered, brandishing a knife he got from his coat’s sleeve. He quietly moved over to Nora for reasons best known to him and she smiled at the top of his hat, which had surprisingly remained on his head.
“How do we get out of the cage?” Stephanie asked Matthew.
“We don’t,” he replied. “We can still escape while inside—Nora’s got the book.”
“And what of him?” she asked of the United States trooper with them.
“He can come along if he wants to.”
The shooter had already freed his Kora from her shackles, but was now gazing at her with admiration from the cage’s middle as the other two conversed together behind him.
“What’s he doing?” Stephanie asked Matthew in their native tongue.
“Getting to know her better, I guess.”
But Conrad was staring blankly at Nora and she was transfixed by this sudden change in him. She moved to shake him, but he slumped to her feet and his hat fell off his head and rolled away.
“He—He just touched my hand and stopped breathing,” she stammered.
“Is he dead?” Stephanie asked her in shock, and the cart driver looked into the cage again and stopped the cart. “Is he dead?” asked the little girl again, but her companions couldn’t answer her.
They were both staring at Conrad’s face and looked so perplexed that she became perplexed herself.
“Does—Does he look like your friend Leonard?” Matthew finally ventured.
“No,” Nora rejected with an alarming calm. “He is Leonard.” 

Chapter 16: Leonard's Mistake
THE Indian driving their cart had jumped down with an oilcan and was now soaking the cart’s hood with its content. None of the traitors would make him open the cage by faking their death, he thought, as a massive number of his fellow countrymen swished past on their sacred dogs. They were willing to die for their lands and Sitting Bull, and he admired their courage, which was exemplified in the forceful nature of their fierce war song.
“No, Steph, he’s not dead,” Matthew reassured his adopted sister, who was still staring down at Leonard’s form. “He’ll wake up very soon as normal as ever.”
“What do we do with him?” she cried. “He’s been so good to us.”
“We must send him home right now,” Matthew asserted, stretching his hand out towards Nora for the book.
“But I thought he would be in a better position to help us the rest of the way,” she cunningly pointed out. “Stephanie can go home instead.”
“I’m not leaving without you two,” objected the little girl.
“What’s that smell?” Matthew perceived.
“I think it’s oil,” sniffed Nora. “He’s soaking the cart with oil! He’s gonna set it on fire.”
But the Indian simply mounted the horse and resumed their journey. The cart rumbled into life again and they could feel it going upwards. They could also hear a terrifying cacophony of braying horses, exploding guns and fighting men in the distance.
“Maybe he’ll start the fire when he gets up the hill,” presumed Matthew.
“I’ll start it before I push you into the battle,” the man snapped, laughing at them. “That is when I must also take my leave.”
They quietly thanked him for giving them more time. He probably didn’t also know they were free of their bonds now.
“I’m not leaving without you two,” repeated Stephanie.
“Oh, stop being a baby,” Nora told her.
Matthew agreed with Nora since he saw she had a point, but he knew why she really wanted Leonard to stay back and that was very selfish of her.
“We cannot make Leonard stay if he doesn’t want to,” he reasoned with her and she immediately reproached him with her eyes.
“That remains to be seen,” she snapped.
“What’s that smell?” Leonard suddenly asked them, sitting up and coughing inexcusably. “Nora?” he noticed. “Where am I?”
“You must stay with us, Leonard,” Nora began without explaining the situation to him. “You must help us find the others.”
“The others? What are you saying?” He was squinting. “Nora, about Tricia . . .”
“I know,” she assured him. “And I forgive you! Now, are you staying or not? Please, say you will.”
“What’s happening? Why the rush?” He noticed the other two in the cage with her. “What’s going on here? Why are you guys dressed so weird?”
Nora could not believe her ears.
The noise outside was getting louder and more distracting. Sioux warriors going into battle on horseback came into their full view from the cart’s open rear. Leonard could not believe his eyes. “HOLY!” he exploded and scampered back unconsciously. The Indian driving the cart screamed terribly and painfully careened off the galloping horse, and Leonard lost his head. “What’s going on?” he howled. “WE’RE DEFINITELY NOT IN A MOVIE!”
“We’ve gone back in time, Leonard,” Nora tried with him, desperately holding on to his hand. “This is Red Indian territory.”
“Red Indian what?”
“We came here through that,” Matthew pointed out to him in Nora’s hand.
“Through a book?”
“It will take us back home,” the younger boy quickly explained. “Just place your finger on your name on page three.”
“Matthew,” fumed Nora.
Smoke sipped in from outside and they realized where it was coming from.
“But we’re still going uphill,” Matthew noted with alarm. “He deceived us.”
“He’s gone,” announced Nora with a shaky voice as she stared at the riderless horse still pulling the cart. “He started the fire before he jumped off.”
“No—I think he was killed while starting the fire,” corrected Matthew.
“What are you saying?” persuaded Leonard.
“The cart’s on fire!” screamed Stephanie. “We’re all gonna die!”
“Which cart? Which fire? Are you saying the—the cart’s on fire?” demanded Leonard, sitting up. “WE—WE’RE ALL GONNA DIE? God! I don’t know what to believe anymore,” he wailed. “Give me that!” and he pulled the book from Nora, feverishly skipping to page three. Nora grabbed his hand to stop him and for a moment, they both struggled foolishly.
“Leonard, don’t leave me!” she screamed, but he was already gone and she blinked at the coat still clenched in her fists.
“Coward,” yelled Stephanie, but they all knew the quarterback never heard that.
The cart turned on two wheels and started tumbling down the hill alongside the horse.
“Matthew!” Stephanie screamed as they were jumbled up round and round and round. The structure finally landed on its side. Gunfire was deafening. Men were shooting everywhere. Horses were whining and braying.
“Hold me,” Matthew told Stephanie and she did. They were stacked atop each other, but he found the book. Leonard must have dropped it when his name got too hot. Nora was moving underneath him, so she was still alive. He grabbed her hand without any opposition from her and flipped the book’s pages to page three. “Let’s go get Fat George,” he announced.
“We’re still in the cage,” Stephanie cried after awhile, looking around her to verify her claim.
“It’s a different one, Steph,” Matthew assured her from underneath her. “Looks—Looks like we’re in a ship, too.”
“But we’re still in a cage!” wailed the little girl.
They became aware of the vessel’s rhythmic rocking.

*     *     *

This time, they were not in a cage as they had earlier thought. The iron bars of the prison extended up to the ceiling of this lower deck and were held to the wooden structure by massive nails bored and welded into them. At their feet, the rods simply sank into the floor’s planks, probably coming out to form strong hooks on the other side.
The three children had extricated themselves from one another a few minutes ago. Each now occupied a strategic position facing the heavily padlocked entrance to the cell, and from here, they could see similar structures like the one they were now occupying lined up on the starboard side of the ship. Matthew guessed they were in an empty slave vessel, which was just like the one they had rescued Anderson from some days ago.
Although the book had been able to match Nora with a Jewess whose character was a striking replica of hers, and had woefully failed to do this for Leonard!
He turned to look at Nora with a sad expression on his face. The reason for this anomaly he was yet to discover.
“I can’t believe he . . . left,” Nora whispered to no one in particular. “I can’t believe he abandoned me here.”
“Don’t tell me you were thinking of that all this while,” Matthew cut in. “Remember you wanted to leave us back in the pine forest like he just did.”
“I’m hungry, Matthew,” whined Stephanie, and he placed her head on his shoulder to comfort her. His own stomach was also groaning, and he wondered when they would be in a good position to eat and rest their weary limbs on a comfortable bed.
“You’re right,” Nora finally choked, cleaning off a tear about to drop from her cheek. “I’ve been freaked out by all this! I’ve—I’ve done some things wrong and . . . and I’ve learned my lesson the—the hardest way! I’ve been a fool! He’s been as selfish as I’ve been and I’d never noticed it.” She sniffed terribly and covered her face with her hands. “I deserve what happened! I really deserve it.”
“No, you don’t,” Matthew said, trying to help. “Leonard showed you he’s no good for you.”
“Stop crying, Nora,” Stephanie begged her. “You’ll make me cry, too.” She reached out a hand and her sister took it.
“Can’t—Can’t help it, Steph,” sniffed Nora. “I’ve spent all my spare time thinking he only did what he did ’cause of Tricia, but now I’m—I’m not so sure anymore.”
Neither Matthew nor Stephanie knew who Tricia was, and they wisely chose not to interfere, at least for now. Though she just became their number one enemy, no matter who she turned out to be!
Matthew looked his adopted sisters over; ignoring the shabby clothes they were both wearing and trying to use the dim light coming from one of the cells far away. What an experience they’d all had these past few days, and yet, they had been able to evade death itself. Maybe they had the book to thank for this. Maybe its pages conferred on those whose names were inscribed on them the gift of immortality and infallible resilience. Maybe it all really came down to hard-earned luck, but would he ever know the truth? Only time would tell.
The leather-bound book felt very cold between his palms. Its cover was as black as ever, save for the dead white of its pages distinctly carved out by its charred edges. He wondered how many more times the hardcover would go up in flames before it completely burned out. This thought wasn’t at all comforting.
“Who’re we looking for now?” Nora asked him, cleaning her eyes with her hands.
“Barbara.”
“Barbara?” exclaimed Stephanie, sitting up. “I thought you said Fat George? It’s not fair.”
Matthew reddened. “I . . . decided to find her first ’cause she’s a girl,” he defended.
“No,” she snapped. “You won’t find him now ’cause he’s your number one enemy.”
“That’s not the point,” he objected. “Barbara’s not my friend, either.”
“Stephanie’s right, Matt,” gently pointed out Nora. “You could . . .”
“You stay out of this,” he shouted and got up to move away from her. He was wearing a stripped Guernsey shirt and old sailcloth trousers with British leather shoes on his feet, but he didn’t notice these since he didn’t know what a Guernsey shirt looked like nor what sailcloth trousers felt like. He just felt this burning, incomprehensive anger inside and vehemently cracked his knuckles while the book remained strapped under his left armpit.
“I know we’re all angry, Matthew,” Nora said in a tearful voice. “I—I’ve been bitchy to you and all that, but . . . but we just have to forgive one another! We just have to.”
“Guess you’re right,” he told the iron bars, but refused to turn back to her. After all, she’d called him an outcast before and that had never sounded right.
“What finally happened to Sitting Bull, Nora?” Stephanie asked, shifting to rest her head on her sister’s laps.
“He was shot dead by his own tribesmen who were police officers,” Nora replied, trying to regain her composure. She felt pleasantly surprised by her ability to remember what she’d taken to be unfounded stories in History class and even felt a slight elation to be witnessing these events firsthand. Linda would never believe her when she got back!
“Someone’s coming,” Matthew warned and scampered back to squat beside them. “Remember to look out for Barbara,” he added. The footsteps were coming down a wooden ladder at the bow end of the prison deck and he was wrong about there being just one person. He hid the book in his shirt.
“Those bloody pirates, I should say,” started a brightly decorated, black-coated figure before the others. “It is now imperative that they be blown out of Virginia’s waters, don’t you think, Mr. Cornwall?”
“Absolutely, first lieutenant,” agreed Cornwall. “The skirmish near Cape Halteras all but reduces the importance of your present line of thought, dear sir.”
“They broadsided the Romulus, which you know is a sixty-pounder, for twenty-five minutes,” the sailor exchanged with an angry voice. “A ship of that size can never hold up against two thirty-pounders running abreast of her, reported her captain after the battle, but if you ask me, he has made a bloody mess of his career, that one.”
“I do not know the gentleman.”
“Captain Buck Crankwood. A jolly seaman and a very old-fashioned officer,” the first lieutenant said. “All in all, I am glad the admiral found it in his busy schedule to dispatch a congratulatory letter to our own dear captain, don’t you think?”
“Absolutely, sir,” agreed the short, rounded man. “A pirate captain cannot keep the Jolly Roger aloft when his mainmast is two fathoms under, can he, sir?”
“And to think they held on to their stolen booty with a tenacity the devil should envy! Why, they sank to the depths of the deep blue grave with it! To prefer such an exit to capture surely baffles the mind, Mr. Cornwall.”
“Certainly, sir! Most certainly,” agreed the other seaman, now walking alongside his mate towards their prison. “It pains me to note in the log that we only arrested three young pirate reefers! All that prize money just slipped right through our fingers! One could only dare to imagine the size of her hold and the amount of stolen goods there in! A seventy-two pounder for that matter.”
“I wonder who builds for Teach, my dear friend. I dare say I have one eye on the Spaniards,” confided the other man. “Now we can only confirm a penny’s worth for each of these three young pirates before us.” He brought out a ring of big keys and started unlocking the iron door before them, his eyes on their shadowy figures sitting away from the light. “Mere children, if you ask me, who would never want to embrace the deep blue grave like their less cowardly counterparts.”
“Did he call us pirates?” whispered Nora. “Perhaps I can stab him with a knife if I have one.”
“They possess guns, Nora,” Matthew informed her. “You’ll never succeed before you face death.”
And what was wrong with his English this time? He knew something was happening to them again, but he couldn’t make out the problem. Was the presence of these newcomers contributing to this unknown change? He couldn’t tell at present.
Funny enough, he was beginning to know where he was and how he’d gotten there with his sisters. This was coming up faster than it had ever done in the previous episodes of their wild adventure and he felt so helpless due to his ignorance.
The sailors came for them, and Nora carried out her threat, wiping out a short dagger to stab the first lieutenant in the arm when he reached out for her!
“You bloody pirate whore,” the man bellowed, hitting her with his free arm. The other man pried the weapon from her and carried her out of the cell as she struggled.
“Put down my sister!” Stephanie shouted when she was seized as well, but Matthew did not protest and stood up before he could be manhandled like the others. As he started climbing upwards, the bright sun rays that hit him on the ship’s second deck made him realize his two sisters were very dirty. He even felt appalled by his own hands when they crossed his view. They all terribly needed to scrub themselves down with a hot bath.
“Where are you taking us, sir?” he politely asked one of the sailors.
“I will be damned,” the man exclaimed. “It is hard to see a cultivated pirate in this part of the world, and I will be damned if I am not seeing one now.”
“Let the captain decide that,” snarled the soldier Nora had injured, a torn piece of his shirt now a tourniquet for his wounded arm. He hated the fact that it was a girl who’d stabbed him.
The ship’s upper deck was very spacious and looked exactly like the one Matthew and Stephanie had come across towards the southern tip of Africa when Anderson was their rescue mission. Gaily-clothed seamen and fashionably attired soldiers went about their duties in an orderly manner here, while others were climbing shrouds in order to mend a torn canvass or fix a ratline. The ship’s masts were massive structures climbing up to the cloudless sky from stern, amidships and fore positions, and all her sails were freely spread out on a steady breeze and below the British flag, hauling her across a deep blue sea.
Somehow, Matthew knew that a sea battle had taken place between her and another vessel some miles behind them and she had caused a powerful explosion in the other ship’s supply of gun powder with her heavy firepower, breaking its hull amidships with a resulting and inevitable descent to the ocean bed below.
Those in this pirate ship, he’d gathered a few moments ago, had all preferred to perish with their stolen goods rather than surrender, and they were the only ones who had looked up to the British man-of-war for help when she crawled up to rescue her new prisoners.
The defiant Nora had stopped struggling in front of him and he thanked her for that, since they didn’t know how this particular ship treated prisoners, let alone pirates. He’d read somewhere back in school that death was once proclaimed for anybody caught as a pirate in those days. Such days were certainly like this one, and he knew their best option was to remain as polite as ever until they met Barbara and got a chance to use the book on her.
He just hoped they would soon do so. Meeting her, that is. There appeared not to be enough time left for them or any of the remaining kids they were yet to rescue! 



Chapter 17: An Unruly Son
THEY were being taken to the ship’s forecastle, on which a group of well-dressed officers stood savoring the scenic beauty around them with the ship’s captain.
“The prisoners are here, sir,” announced the first lieutenant. “And I must warn you, the lady is certainly a poisonous snake.”
“A Jezebel in our midst?” exclaimed a black-coated, bespectacled gentleman. “Why, she even had the temerity to stab you! A sad development, don’t you think, Captain Mason?”
“The devil take her, Dr. Gordon,” replied the heavily built, blonde-haired captain of the Tempest. He was looking at the first lieutenant with disapproval. “Perhaps she was right to perform the act, on second thought! The devil curse me for having lily-livered men as officers! If only the girl had reached a little closer to the heart.”
“Pray tell us our fate, kind sir,” Nora persuaded him and he glared at her. She glared back and Matthew tugged at her sailor’s shirt.
“Your fate will be worse than hanging, my dear,” the captain coldly resumed. “You will be dropped nowhere near land on a gig without paddles and may the devil, himself, rest your souls.”
A young man came up the structure with a girl dressed in the European fashion of the day. Stephanie nudged Matthew when she saw this girl and he turned to realize she was Barbara. Nora acknowledged his eye signal and also glanced at the young man with the girl as she shifted her eyes to see for herself.
“I see you accept your fate, lady pirate,” Captain Mason continued when she didn’t reply him. “Pity you had no lover who could dissuade you from your vile occupation.”
“I must say the girl is beautiful to a fault,” agreed Dr. Gordon. “Had her life taken a different path as you have rightly observed, captain, she would have made a fine wife for a young bloke such as your dear Owen, my friend.”
Matthew could see there was no way near Barbara in the situation they were in, but he just had to stall for time while thinking hard.
“We need food in the boat, my lords,” he started. “We cannot die from hunger as well as from the sun.”
“That will be a cruel fate indeed, Father,” supported the young man who just came up to the forecastle’s upper deck. “Perhaps the damsel and her friends should be made to suffer their hunger no more until their death is near?”
“You salacious young fool,” the father told the son. “God forbid the day you take your groveling lust to enemies of the throne! Over my dead body.”
“Right you are, sir,” agreed the doctor. “We even honor them by sparing their lives for the deep! Food for pirates is purely out of the question.”
The young man with Barbara was dressed as a noble would in those days. It looked like he wasn’t seeing things the way his father wanted him to, although Matthew saw no assistance coming from him for their emancipation.
Nora thought otherwise. She shook herself free from the men behind her. “A little food, I beg you, captain,” she implored, “for my hungry brother and sister! We have had nothing since we were arrested and it will never serve the throne to suffer poor pirates before their time.”
The captain’s son smiled at this. He liked the girl’s courage and her beauty. He knew he would have to annoy his father the more if he must gain her confidence. He equally observed her brother staring at his own sister, Sandra, and broadened his smile.
“Perhaps your unfinished trout, which the cook had wanted to throw away, will help the situation, Father?” he suggested and felt elated by the annoying look his father gave him. “Or perhaps we should give them some fruits and biscuits from the store.”
“Dung meal is what I say we give ’em!” the captain exploded. “Fish excrement is a nice substitute for dung meal!” And he turned to his midshipman, who was just coming up the deck.
“We are now far from land, sir,” the man reported.
“Good, Edward! Bind these pirates and lower them on the gig from larboard,” he ordered. “That will serve them to plunder the king’s merchantmen.”
“Your conscience speaks well of you, sir,” applauded Matthew. His tired brain had refused to device a practical approach to the problem and he saw his chance slipping away from him. “You refuse to hang us from your boom poles because of it, but fail to see that we are only children and need to eat before our sentence.”
“Enough!” shouted the naval officer. “Take these scoundrels away from my ship.”
They were hustled down the steps and the captain’s son turned to his father in alarm. “You cannot do this, Father,” he yelled. “They are only children.”
“To God I will get you a wife, Owen,” replied the captain. “If only you will forget this prostitute of pirates long dead and see the evil in her shallow beauty.”
“I will not allow this.” And the young sailor drew his flintlock and grabbed his sister to cover her with the pistol.
The officers and soldiers with his father made to step forward but the captain raised a hand. Those tying up Matthew and his sisters stopped doing this and all eyes turned up towards the forecastle.
“Owen, let me be,” Sandra exclaimed, struggling with her brother. It was her alright, thought Matthew. He’d know that voice anywhere!
“Forgive me, little sister,” Owen told her as he forced her towards the steps. “Just roll with me, like the waves.”
“What do you think you are doing, boy?” Captain Mason asked his son in a tight voice and with clenched fists. “How dare you?”
“Quite unfortunate,” murmured Dr. Gordon, shaking his head and cleaning his glasses. “You strive after wind, my son.”
“I fight for justice, good sir,” the young man retorted, but Matthew thought his present behavior still left much to be desired. “If children accused of a crime cannot still be seen to be children, then I must assume that all children are no longer innocents and pawns that could be manipulated for the selfish goals of pirates and criminals! This must include my beloved Sandra if I am to be fair.”
Well, he had a point there!
“This is mere nonsense, Owen,” his father persuaded. “Perhaps you are under the influence of the coca leaves you buy from those bloody Americans! You cannot take your own sister to be in the class of these – pirates.”
“I can and I will kill her if you try to curtail me.” The pistol’s muzzle rested on Barbara’s head. “I know you will never want her dead as much as I, myself, would not.”
“She is your sister, damn it.”
“And your daughter, Father! Untie the pirates.”
“Do as he says, damn you,” the captain shouted down the steps when his men hesitated, and they struggled to obey him.
“Good,” observed Owen. “Now, load a cutter with fruits and biscuits from the store.”
“You will never get far,” his father told him. “I will lock you up, myself.”
“Do as I say!” shouted his son and the sailors ran around like market women. Apples and bananas from the ship’s store were placed on the small boat and a can of English-made biscuits also shared space with them.
Owen covered himself well with the frightened Sandra in front and came down the steps murmuring assurances into her right ear. The other shabbily dressed children joined him half-heartedly, curiously astonished by the turn of events.
At least, they were being saved.
“Lower the cutter, if you please, Mr. Cornwall, and get me two oars,” Owen called out to the naval officer when they were all safely in the small boat. “I must warn you,” he told the bystanders, “that I will not hesitate to spill my sister’s blood if I see the muzzle of a gun pointed our way.”
“You will do no such thing,” his father threatened, but Matthew could see that the older man had lost the fight in him. He didn’t want to lose his two children in one day.
The paddles were brought and the boat lowered onto the calm blue ocean. Owen still had his strange-looking pistol pointed at Barbara and nodded as Matthew and Nora picked up the wooden sticks to start rowing.
They knew they must get him on their side if they were to make him understand their plight and mission.

*     *     *

Owen Mason sat facing his father’s ship as the cutter rowed away from her larboard side. His sister, Sandra, sat before him while Stephanie faced them both on another plank and Matthew paddled with Nora backing the Tempest behind her. Their daring rescuer had a telescope with him, with which he often spied on the battle ship behind them to know what her occupants were up to.
“They will never follow us,” he said aloud, after the ship had disappeared in the horizon. “My father loves Sandra more than any of his other children.”
“That is not true, Owen,” Barbara cut in. “He loves us all, but you have turned yourself into a rebel.”
“Which we’re grateful for, Barbara,” Matthew told her. He couldn’t help cutting in. It just happened.
“You speak differently,” observed Owen, staring at him.
“Yeah, Owen,” Nora said, ignorant of the American English version she had also resorted to. “Thanks for your help back there! We wouldn’t have done it without you.” She picked up an apple like Stephanie and started munching away like Stephanie.
“Nora,” Matthew warned her and she realized her blunder.
“You shouldn’t worry about it,” suddenly said the young man with them. “I’m fully aware of the change in dialect—it happens to me whenever I’m alone or far from anybody. You must have come here through the book and I know how you feel, because I was forced to come here as well. I haven’t forgiven the unknown guy who wrote my name in it since then.”
That explained a lot!
“You know about the book?” the three Quentins asked him in unison, their surprise clearly etched on their faces.
“Of course I do,” he replied. “I’ve lived here for twelve months now and don’t think I’ll ever go back home. By the way, I am Owen and I served in the Second Gulf War.”
Nobody took his outstretched hand. Nora, because she was holding a paddle and an apple; Matthew, because he was thinking of a certain German military officer; and Stephanie because twelve months rang a bell in her head.
“I’m Matthew Quentin,” muttered Matthew after a long time, “and these two are my sisters.”
“It’s good to meet you all! And you’ve met Sandra, my sister here,” Owen enthused. The little girl smiled at them. It appeared she didn’t notice any difference in the way they now spoke.
“Owen always talks about this book,” she said to reassure them. “His dream has always been to find it, which I fail to understand how he can accomplish.”
“Then he’s in luck,” Nora told her before Matthew could stop her.
“What do you mean?” Owen asked her.
“We came to fetch your sister, Owen,” Stephanie quipped without restraint.
“Stephanie!” Matthew exclaimed. He covered his face with his hands. They had just blown everything!
“You can come with her as well,” continued Stephanie. She touched Barbara.
“You know where the black book is hidden?” Owen asked her.
“No—Yes,” entangled Matthew. “No, we don’t have it here, but yes, we know where it is.”
“Matthew!” It was his adopted sisters’ turn to gape at him, but the deed had already been done.
“But you guys started it,” he accused. Why did they always see only his mistakes?
“So you guys know where the black book is hidden, right?” repeated Owen. Nobody said a word. He took this as a big yes. “Then you must show me,” he said in a very different tone of voice. “We can head for land now.”
“What of your father?” asked Nora.
“We’ll escape before he finds us. I know he’ll be following us now, but he’ll never show up for fear of what I might do to Sandra. Besides, there are many inlets along Virginia’s shores.”
His little sister was staring into the distance before him and he didn’t know this yet. Only the Quentins realized what Stephanie had done, and they tried to reach an agreement amongst themselves with eye signals alone.
“What is it?” finally demanded a confused Owen.
“Sandra’s real name was written in the book,” Matthew revealed to him.
“By who?” he was asked.
“I—I did,” he replied in a small voice. The strange pistol appeared again. “Look, we—we can correct this.”
“How dare you bring her here?” shouted Owen with disgust. He was visibly enraged. “And how dare you tell me that in my face?”
“We can take her back,” Nora assured him without confidence. “We’re here to do that.”
“So you have the black book here with you?” The gun turned towards her direction. Owens’s face had changed dramatically from a sincere one to a greedy one, his brow rudely furrowing in concentration as he waited for her answer, but it didn’t come. Matthew had pinched her forcefully to seal her mouth.
“Where is it?” repeated the young man, shaking the gun in her face, but still she kept quiet, although she was scared stiff.
For all they knew, Owen could decide to go back alone with the book in his present state of mind and that would seriously worsen their situation. It was certainly their duty to see that this scenario never happened by guarding this item with their lives, if they must.
The pistol turned to face Stephanie and Matthew brought it out. The young man seized it without hesitation and pointed towards the water with his pistol, feeling the book’s edges with his left fingers.
“Just as I’ve seen in my dreams,” he sang, glowing with joy. “Now jump into the water before I change my mind! My father needs his boat back.”
“Can’t you see?” started Matthew with alarm. “We can all go home now! What I just gave you can make this possible.”
“And who says I wanna go home?” the young man asked him, laughing. “I’m the son of a noble captain here and I will inherit a manor and acres of land after his death! Tell me what I have in New York, huh? A lonely house and a terrible divorce! No, thank you.”
“Then allow us to go home.”
“You’ll deceive me.”
“No, no, no, we won’t,” persuaded Nora. “Just . . . send us back! Our names are on page three! It’s so easy! We’ll disappear just like that! Then you can have the book for all eternity! You can do whatever you want with it after that.”
“You’ll deceive me.”
“Your father will never welcome you back,” pointed out Matthew.
“I’ll only fall on my knees and beg for his forgiveness if I need to,” he snarled. “Now, jump in.”
“But I can’t swim,” Stephanie protested. “It’s too cold.”
“You were fished out two hours ago, girl . . . ,” he shouted at her. The pistol’s muzzle completed the sentence and they moved to obey him.
Fortunately, the water was very warm and Nora held up Stephanie, who couldn’t really swim.
“You don’t give us any choice, do you, Owen?” she coldly whispered in a strained voice. “I was beginning to like you.”
“I wasn’t,” he retorted as he turned the cutter around with one paddle. “My father was right about you, you know. The prostitute of pirates long dead?”
“You’ll never know how to use the book,” she threw back with rage. “You’ll never manipulate it for your selfish aims.”
“We can help you if you let us,” Matthew exclaimed, struggling to stay afloat. “She’s right.”
“She’s wrong! I’ve seen how to use the book in my dream as well.”
Barbara moved and he brought in the oar before sitting her up, the pistol unwaveringly glaring at them in one hand. No wonder she’d never blocked his change in dialect whenever he was alone with her—she was also alien like him!
“Is Sandra her real name?” he asked them, and when they didn’t answer, he placed the gun on her head.
“It’s Barbara,” Matthew coughed out.
“I knew her name, kid. You said it earlier,” snapped the soldier, smiling. “I was just playing with you.”
“Matthew,” Barbara began, becoming fully awake. “What are you guys doing in the water? What am I doing here?”
Owen suddenly took a chalk stick from her apron and wrote her name on the book’s page. A second time.
“What are you doing?” Barbara demanded from him. “Who are you?” But she was becoming translucent and her dress soon fell into the boat. “Matthew,” wafted across in the breeze. “Help me!”
“Barbara!” fruitlessly screamed Matthew, and he angrily turned to the new enemy. “Why did you do that?”
“You see?” announced Owen. “I know how to use it.”
“She was your sister for a year!” Matthew accused him. “You could have sent her back home.”
“I hate you, Owen,” Stephanie yelled and he moved to write her name before stopping to laugh at her anxiety.
“I don’t have the time to entertain myself here,” he snapped and picked up the paddle again, dropping the black book in the cutter.
“What will you do with it?” Matthew asked him, still misty-eyed over Barbara’s second journey. “What good can you do with it?”
“Well, I’ll inherit my father’s property today,” was the arrogant reply. “And then what next? Take over the world? God, am I gonna be rich.” But suddenly, the blue, clear sky lost its brightness and he quickly noticed this and lost his calm. “They’re coming!” he shouted, cursing and looking frantically around him as well as upwards. “They’re coming!”
“Who’s coming?” Stephanie asked him. The others held their breaths, staring around them as they swam. The sudden darkness, which had befallen them, was total. The ocean’s peaceful surface was becoming unreasonably agitated as the wind slowly picked up strength, and the children turned to the cutter’s direction in the darkness, anxiously searching for Owen’s figure in its shadowy blackness.
“We must get into the boat!” Matthew begged him. “We can’t stay here in the storm!”
“It’s not a storm,” he exclaimed in a scared voice, wiping away the unseen sweat on his forehead. “IT’S THEM AND THEY’RE COMING FOR ME!”
The children didn’t see him draw his pistol, but they saw the yellow sparks that flew from its mouth and heard the deafening explosion of gunpowder as he fired a crazy warning shot upwards.
“What are you doing, you jerk?” Nora ridiculed him. “You’ll give away our position!”
“THEY’LL NEVER GET ME THIS TIME!” shouted Owen.
Gunpowder exploded again.
“Please, STOP!” yelled Stephanie.
“You’ll never get me!” the apprehensive man hoarsely screamed into the quickly-growing wind. “I AM INVINCIBLE!”
“Who’s he talking to?” shouted Matthew above the howling wind. He struggled to remain afloat like Nora. Things were getting out of hand.
“THEY’RE HERE!” suddenly croaked the Gulf War Two veteran. “I must escape! MUST ESCAPE!” He stooped down and felt for the book on the cutter’s floor.
Lightning struck.
It started raining.
Then they came!
From all around them and in droves!
Owen fired a third shot while holding the book tightly to his bosom. He struggled to reload his gun as the black figures circled overhead, and one of them, hissing strangely and howling horribly, steered away from the circle to rapidly lose height and smash into him, putting him off-balance and causing him to fall into the boat!
“Owen,” Nora wailed. “WE MUST LEAVE THE WATER!”
“They want the book,” Matthew realized. “They must not get it!” He felt the boat’s edge hit him and tried to heave himself up over it. “Nora, give me your hand!” he yelled into the howling rain and pitch blackness.
Owen was struggling on his knees with a black entity for the book. His gun had fallen into the boat. A second shape left the hovering horde and joined its colleague near the boat. Matthew fell into the cutter and quickly turned the right way up.
“NORA!” he screamed, reaching out his hands from the cutter’s side. “WHERE ARE YOU?”
Their hands accidentally touched and he helped Stephanie into the boat before pulling her up.
“HELP!” screamed Owen beside him. “THEY’RE TAKING THE BOOK! HELP ME!”
He turned to help but realized there were three black silhouettes facing the frightened man when lightning flashed behind them. What could he do? Nora climbed into the unsteady boat and he charged into the fight.
The struggle was intense.
The black shapes were beginning to float away as they held on to the book, trying to pull it away from both of them. A kind of emptiness was also growing from deep within him and drawing him towards one of their hollow faces. This was accompanied by the kind of sluggish incompetence he’d experienced in that far away pine forest with one of them and he fought with himself to stay awake as much as he did to keep up his strength. The book was getting too hot, itself, and a reddish glow was emanating from within its pages. Nora joined them and Stephanie picked up a paddle.
“We can’t hold them much longer!” Matthew cried out. “I’m feeling tired.”
Owen fell into the boat and the black forms pulled the more, all the while hissing terribly. The book became too hot for Nora and she let go to fall into the boat beside him. Matthew was pulled up and out into the air and Stephanie dropped the paddle to grab his legs and cause the cutter to wobble dangerously. She could have also risen up into the air before her brother let go and they both fell into the boat with a slight thump.
The downpour slowed down to a drizzle.
“They’ve taken it!” Matthew sadly announced, getting up.
“You fool!” Owen shouted, sitting up on hearing this and looking for his pistol. “I’ll kill you before I kill myself!” He picked up his gun. Nora tried to hit him with a paddle and he pushed her into the water with it. Before he could turn back to Matthew, a bright light lit the area from above and the book fell back into the boat. It was burning.
“Quick! Water!” he ordered Matthew, who had already started responding without being told. Out went the biscuits and fruits, and water was scooped into the tin, but as the boy turned to quench the fire, it died out completely.
“Look, they’re flying away,” Stephanie pointed out in the sky, which had lost some of its darkness. The black forms were frantically dispersing in all directions, and looked like a scattered shoal of herring scampering away from a source of danger.
“No, you don’t,” Owen warned Nora with his pistol’s muzzle as she grabbed the cutter’s side. “You all belong in the water, remember?” He picked up the book and drew back to cover the three of them with the flintlock.
“That’s not fair,” Matthew told him. “We helped you get back the book.”
“You tried to help me get back the book, boy,” he corrected. “They don’t mean the same thing. Now, jump back in.”
Stephanie held on to Nora and Matthew sank in beside her. They wore sad, long faces and watched him as he paddled away.
“I hope it burns a hole in his boat,” Nora cursed.
“I hope the sharks get him,” added Stephanie and froze. “Did I just say that? Are there sharks in the water?”
“I—I don’t think so,” stammered Nora, looking around her in earnest. “I hope there’s none, for your sake . . . and mine.”
“What do we do now?” cried Matthew, looking up towards the ominous sky in earnest when his ears caught a familiar rumble. “It’s gonna rain again.” 



Chapter 18: Blackbeard
“WE must get out of the water now,” Stephanie urged them. “We can’t stay here for long and it’s too salty.”
“Look,” pointed Matthew, using his head. “There’re bits of wood floating over there! That must be from our destroyed ship.”
“We can cling on to them for support,” Nora gulped.
The two children swam as furiously as they could and with all their might towards the floating logs, Stephanie clinging on to Nora for dear life, and as luck would have it, they discovered a nearby sizeable crosstree on which they yielded their weight with their last strength.
“We are still far from land,” observed Nora with a sense of foreboding. “Perhaps the sails of a ship loom beyond the ocean’s unsteady horizon as we speak.”
“Nora, you do speak strangely again,” detected her adopted brother, breathing hard.
“So do you,” pointed out Stephanie.
They now knew what that meant, but they didn’t know when the vessel would arrive, nor did they know its size. They even feared it was the Tempest out to recapture them, but they were wrong.
Slowly, her gray sails appeared above the ocean’s unsteady horizon. Those spread out were full from the slight breeze that had started picking up again, and the rumbles of thunder and flashes of lightning marking out her massive shape now and then from the widening backdrop of ashen, cloudless sky increased as she neared the spot where the children still clung to the broken mast.
She was huge. Her bow rose up high into the air and her stern could have easily been sixty feet away. She appeared to be as wide as could accommodate this length and as high as a four-story building. Her anchor was fearsomely held in place by heavy chains of wrought iron, and apart from her three gun decks, she also had cannons on her upper deck and six huge carronades lined up towards her stern. Like a lone island, her imposing gray form sat on the ocean’s undulating surface as if strong pillars extended down from her large hull to its lowest beds and deepest depths, while in fact, she was displacing her full weight and more in tons of water as she edged towards them.
“Ahoy!” shouted Matthew, waving. “Over here!”
“Help!” his adopted sisters chorused. “Help us!”
“Ahoy!” announced the ship’s lookout man from her foretop when they were spotted in the water. “Strangers to larboard! Strangers to larboard, ho!”
The people who appeared on her deck in response to this call were as shabbily dressed as the children, themselves. Many boys one could consider Matthew’s age-mates were amongst these sailors and they were all very dirty and mean-looking.
“They look like survivors of the Philanderer to me,” an old one-eyed seaman growled at his mates. “I will swear it is her flotsam all around them! And they must be holding on to her mainmast there.”
“So where is her Jolly Roger?” demanded a boy with a broken tooth, who was helping three men to lower a rope ladder. “Cannot see it from here, can I?”
“You cannot see it on the ocean floor from here, can you, fool?” berated the old man, smacking him on the head. “Help ’em up, lads! They look tired ‘n’ hungry.”
Stephanie caught the rope ladder and started climbing it, followed by the other two.
“Don’t look down, Steph,” Matthew warned her and followed behind as she went up. Nora followed him and the four sailors above started hauling up the ropes. One by one, they were brought into the midst of those on the ship’s deck and a torn fur cloth wrapped around each of them.
These men and boys appeared even more menacing now that both sisters and their adopted brother were aboard the ship and surrounded by them. Vile-looking and dirty, some of them wore long, tattered military or sailor waistcoats and breeches, while others had on only sailcloth trousers and old leather shoes very like Matthew’s.
There were no colors on these clothes, their bodies or the ship’s deck, except black and shades of gray. Even the lit lanterns inside the cabins couldn’t break this monotonous spread of desperate oneness accentuated by the misty environment that was created by the drizzling rain, and sadly, Matthew saw no difference in their own appearance.
The one-eyed sailor looked them over like a doctor, nodding his head observantly. Matthew thought him to be very edgy, since his only eye was very restless and darted about at the slightest sound on deck, while his hands shook whenever they moved. On her part, Stephanie thought his face too hideous for her viewing pleasure and covered her eyes with both hands to his viewing displeasure.
“Nothing wrong here save for a little chill,” he grumbled, ignoring her. “A little heat and hot coffee will certainly warm them up.” His breath smelled of rum.
“Dogs of Carolina! Make way for a braver son,” shouted a brawny fellow elbowing his way towards the ring formed around their wet bodies. Bare-chested, he authoritatively emerged from this ragged lot with a look of concern on his face.
“Lookout spotted them at larboard, sire,” bellowed One-eyed Shifty. “I reckon they’re from the Philanderer! Me thinks she was attacked by a ship of the line.”
“I knew their parents, Dr. Brooks,” coldly revealed the man. “The two lassies are sisters and the boy is the Jew’s son.”
“Jolly old cook,” cried an alarmed seaman behind him. “Travelled many voyages with him, I did! Isaiah was a jolly seaman, but I’ve never seen a better cook in all of Virginia and Carolina, Mr. Hands. Could have easily cooked for King George, himself, if you ask me.”
“We just escaped from the Tempest, sire,” Matthew brilliantly slipped in. “She sank our ship.”
“We must revenge our dead friends,” Nora contributed.
“Revenge, I’ll say,” growled the pirate before them. “Revenge for our dead comrades and a curse on the British fleet.”
“Huzzah!” chorused his men. “Huzzah! Huzzah!”
Loud thunder clapped out above them and they quickly fell silent. This preceded a series of heavy rumbles and flashes of lightning, and while the misty drizzle kept up, the wind turned up one notch.
“Curse the British fleet! Bah!” vented the reason for their sudden eerie silence. “Curse you too, Bill! Why, I’ll cripple you for life if you repeat that mutinous roar again on my bloody ship, even if it is not the Queen Ann’s Revenge!”
A low hubbub broke out amongst the men on deck and Nora stretched her neck to try and see this new entity. Matthew was not so lucky.
“Who is he?” he asked her.
“Could be the captain,” she whispered back.
A path had been made for this heavily bearded man and he came down towards them without a word. His black waistcoat looked like a naval officer’s, with a broad stretch of gold lace on its sleeves and silvery buttons decorating its front. His breeches were also clean and the shoes on his feet lavishly polished.
He had a strong nose, his eyes were narrow and his eyebrows were deep. They appeared to have been carved out of the broad forehead with a chisel or a rough-looking tool. However, what was so intriguing about his face was the way his long beard was braided. The individual threads reminded one of the small snakes on Medusa’s head!
When he stopped before them, he drew his pistol and fired a shot between the legs of the brawny seaman, who was his first mate. A small hole burst out on deck followed by a fearful scream from below and he grinned wickedly.
“Crippled, you hear,” he said aloud for all to hear. “I will never think twice before blowing any devil who denies me peace into Davy Jones’s locker, you hear?”
Mr. Hands was still looking down at the hole on the plank he was standing on. The shot must have killed an innocent crewmate below deck.
The captain turned to One-eyed Shifty, who seemed to be the ship’s surgeon, pointing at Matthew and his two companions. “Give them food and hot coffee, Dr. Brooks, and be quick about it.” He walked away. “Full sails! Haul ship! Be on the lookout for the Tempest, Mr. Hands,” he threw back at the first mate. “Follow your instincts!”
The men and boys started running around. Dr. Brooks hurried to obey his captain. Many wandering eyes followed Matthew and his adopted sisters as they made their way towards the quarterdeck and the kitchen. Many mustered the courage to block their path when their curiosity blinded them, only to be forcefully pulled aside by the strong old man leading the way. Nora was the objective of those trying to reach them with idle hands, and she did her best to stay very close to the doctor.
“Hussy for an able seaman,” one ruffled lad cried out and the surgeon glared at him. “Hussy for the captain,” he yelled and quickly went about his work. He received a hard knock on the head when they passed him.
“Welcome to the Magnifique,” growled the pirate surgeon, swinging open the doors to the common mess hall. “I guess the captain didn’t have the bloody time to welcome you properly, but that’s understandable! He’s full of grief for your dead folks and feels he must revenge these deaths as soon as possible! Besides, this is not his flagship and he is very eager to get to Virginia, where the Queen Ann’s Revenge awaits him.”
“When are we to eat?” Stephanie queried him.
“Coming up, young lady! Trouble me not.”
He left and it started raining heavily. The Quentins sat down around one of the wooden tables bolted to the deck. The ship’s rhythmic sway was one for gymnasts and none of them could claim that occupation at present.
“I hate to think of Owen with that book,” Nora aired, having reverted to modern English. “He could have left us behind for all we know.”
“I don’t . . . think so,” assured Matthew. “Said he’s got nothing to fall back on, remember?”
“We must get back that book and save Barbara before it’s too late,” she stressed, to his heartwarming surprise. “She mustn’t suffer for what you did.”
“But he suffered for what she did in school,” Stephanie objected. “She knew what she was doing then, but he doesn’t now, so stop blaming him, Nora.”
“What are you saying?” Matthew asked her.
“Barbara was spreading tales about you in school,” she replied. “She did this with Mary Ann’s help! Everyone in my class knew that she was doing this! I couldn’t tell you ’cause I knew you won’t believe me, and I don’t think you would now, either.”
The door swung open before he could challenge her story and the ship’s cook alongside his kitchen help came in with their food. Lamb chop, three cooked eggs, wheat bread and three hot cups of coffee.
They delved in with gusto.
“Glad you like it,” hoarsely snarled the dirty one-eyed doctor, standing behind the cabin’s open door. “The captain sent me to confirm that.”
“We do appreciate his kindness, sir,” agreed Matthew in-between mouthfuls. “Pray tell us his good name . . . that we may properly offer our thanks when next we meet him.”
This catapulted the old pirate into loud laughter for a long time and in a hard, guttural manner. “Why, Blackbeard it is,” he angrily growled afterwards. “Curse you and your dead folks! He’s as popular as the king in these waters and beyond: I’ll swear.” And he went away, grumbling about ill-mannered nephews and young cousins.
The two younger children turned beseechingly to Nora.
“What?” she shrugged, munching away; and when they refused to turn back to their own plates: “I don’t know him, okay?” 



Chapter 19: The Battle
“SAILS! Sails to starboard bow! Sails ho!” screamed the lookout man outside and the three of them ran out into the windy downpour, in which all the sails of the Magnifique were fully outlined. She was running before the angry wind and had unexpectedly come across the other ship, which was still unaware of the unfolding situation, the lightning flashes and crashing thunder in the dull blur above probably of more concern to her own captain and crew.
“Man your stations!” cried Mr. Hands, Magnifique’s first mate. “Man your stations!”
Some of the gunning crew climbed down below deck while the ship’s miserly lot of musketeers took up comfortable positions around her masts and barrels of rum. The first mate spotted Matthew and the others making their way towards the forecastle and became livid. “Back to your place with you,” he shouted angrily. “This is no child’s play, is it?”
Stephanie had already started turning back when she crashed into the one person she’d prayed never to crash into. The one Dr. Brooks had called Blackbeard. The one popular pirate on the ship Nora never heard of in History class. Even Mr. Hands became a bit more subdued. Inconspicuous.
“Take this one back to their berth, Bill,” Blackbeard ordered the first mate. “Give the others weapons! We’ll need every hand we can muster, Mr. Hands.”
“Aye, sire,” cried the first mate. He grabbed Stephanie by the arm and they started walking away in the rain. The little girl turned to her adopted brother with fright.
“You’ll know what to do when the time comes,” Matthew mouthed and she nodded, her hair clasped to her head.
“Man your stations, you pigs,” the captain railed at his seamen, walking into their lethargic midst with enough venom. Boxes of ammunition were pried open and the round shots shared out to the men.
Matthew and Nora were given swords and guns and they both found a pile of canvass to hide behind. It also helped them fight the rain.
“By Jones! She flies the Union Jack,” discerned a sharp eye aboard. “Could be a merchantman by any chance.”
“It is the Tempest,” Matthew whispered to Nora with certainty when he spotted the ship, which was still far from starboard beam. “As soon as it starts, we must board her and find him.”
“And how are you sure he’s in there?”
“I am not so sure,” he confessed, “but he must surely want to use the book on everyone he knows aboard that ship, especially his father! He used it on his own sister; pray tell me why he cannot use it on the only person between him and his entail as well.”
“But he will never give it back like a gentleman,” Nora reasoned. “He could even use it against us.”
“If we let him.”
Thunder clapped noisily above them and they both sensed their fear in their shallow breathing and thumping heart. The rain was streaming down their heads and faces and gumming their clothes to their bodies while the wind was pushing it around the canvass. And yet, the ship was staying its course, cutting through the ocean’s angry waves like a knife would through butter, despite the unhealthy weather.
“It’s a ship of the line, me lads,” Blackbeard announced, bringing down his gold-rimmed telescope. “On my word, we will sink her, if it’s the last thing I’ll do in this petty storm.”
The Magnifique was holding up well against the petty storm despite its three masts easily bearing nature’s unleashed forces along the length of their full sails. The ship must be built to withhold such events well enough across its heavy bulk, Matthew thought, because the Tempest still far away had reefed up all its sails, fearing the destruction of its masts if the storm continued. This was why the pirates had caught up with her in the first place since the raging waves of the ocean were not strong enough to make them wander from their present route.
“Wore her to larboard and bore up,” bellowed Captain Blackbeard.
“Wore to larboard and bore her up,” repeated the first mate and the helmsman steered to the left. Matthew could feel the ship’s mighty, wooden skeleton turning at once. He hoped the Tempest would notice them since she could quickly sink if the Magnifique’s powerful starboard battery was unleashed on her, and this was what the pirates were trying to do.
This tragic incident would certainly rule out any chance of their retrieving the book from Owen, who could quickly transport himself to another place and time with it even before the first salvo had died down.
“Gun crew, prepare to fire starboard cannons.”
“Prepare to fire starboard cannons,” relayed Dr. Brooks, his one eye contorted with concentration near the trapdoor leading down from the upper deck. A violent-looking machete hung from his side and he was meticulously loading a small cannon.
Explosions suddenly flashed in the distance.
“Old St. George! They’re shootin’ at us!”
“Down, you blithers! Down!”
The cannon balls fell short and the sprinklers they raised fell on the pirates with the pouring rain.
“It’s a stern-chaser!” someone shouted at the top of his voice.
“Captain, they spread their sails,” pointed out another observer. “And they wore now to the west.”
“They prepare to run,” growled the captain. “Bring her to starboard! We must not lose her!”
The Magnifique was now tailing her smaller opponent, which to everyone’s surprise, still had her rudder pointing to starboard and was still violently turning to starboard!
“She is boring up,” realized the first mate. “She is spoiling for a fight!”
“Curse her brazen crew! Curse her captain!” spat out Blackbeard. “Fire starboard cannons!”
“Fire starboard cannons!” repeated Bill Hands, bringing his hands to his ears like some of the others.
It was as if the booming sound that ensued was alive and trying to tear Matthew’s eardrums, because he quickly blocked his own ears. Gaping holes appeared on the other ship’s foredeck and her foremast broke off with every soul on it.
Again her cannons replied the pirates as they scampered for safety on deck. Chips of flying wood and shattered barrels impaled some close by and the rum in these barrels washed into the gun deck below to silence most of the cannons there. The Tempest was now almost facing them and closing up the gap in-between. Both parties started exchanging small arms fire with very poor results.
“Fire!” vociferated a gun leader below and the starboard cannons voiced their orchestrated protest again, completely severing the other ship’s mainmast.
“Her fo’c’sle’s giving in!” exclaimed their impetuous captain. “Prepare to board her! Prepare to board her!”
Matthew drew his sword and Nora stopped him. “You will do no such thing!” she snapped. “We are here to get the book and that’s that!”
“I am only defending myself!” he remonstrated. “You should do the same!”
Fired shots whizzed past their hidden position behind the pile of sailcloth and a man’s rifle fell beside Nora. Blood splattered on the canvass and they stared at each other in revulsion.
Both ships where now abreast and facing opposite directions. The cannons of the Tempest remained silent and the other ship repeated the resounding boom of her heavy starboard battery.
It was as if large holes were being painted along the gun deck of the British man-of-war in quick successive strokes and a loud uproar arose from the many decks of the Magnifique. The Royal Marines aboard the smaller ship seemed for a moment to be confused and Blackbeard seized this opportunity.
“Board her! Charge for the Philanderer’s sake!” He drew his sword and blasted a soldier off the other ship’s deck. A band of brigands surged forward with him. Boarding hooks ate into the deck of the Tempest and many jumped on the ropes.
The rain continued pelting down heavily as the rumbles above persisted.

*     *     *

Again, there were explosions of gunpowder in unison and along the Magnifique’s lowest gun deck. The force of the propelled shots blasted holes on the starboard side of the Tempest and sent men and cannons flying into the deep waters of the ocean through other shattered gaps on her larboard side. A violent brawl had broken out aboard her and as if to show her annoyance with this incursion, she crashed into the Magnifique with a loud thud.
Matthew and Nora literally stepped over the small opening between both ships and impulsively ran towards the British warship’s quarterdeck, bravely facing any soldier who opposed them together but refusing to kill in this process. Many vagabonds followed the path they were creating.
“We must search the ship for him!” Matthew insisted as they left the officer’s mess hall. Heaps of clothing and boot pairs littered their path. “Told you he was up to something!” he exclaimed and jumped over a fallen sailor.
“I just hope we are not late!” Nora prayed, following him over the seaman. Perhaps Owen did actually return to the Tempest and use the book on those whose names he knew. This was the only plausible reason for the heaps of seaman clothes and military red, boots and rifles they ran past as they looked in the berths for him. Perhaps those now trying to repel Blackbeard and his fellow pirates had quickly agreed that a heavy curse had befallen the ship’s crew leading to the mysterious disappearance of these men and had consequently made Owen their captain when he finally came on board. They must have discovered that their captain had also vanished before this, and could have attributed it all to the severity of his judgment on Matthew and his adopted sisters.
“He’s not here!” Nora breathed, coming out from the last cabin. A fat soldier lumbered out from nowhere and towards her, and she sidestepped to wound his flank with her sword. “How did I do that?” she asked her companion as the fellow staggered to the ground, clutching his side.
“No time to waste!” Matthew hurried her. “We must check the forecastle!”
“Blown away, remember?” she ruled out.
“Then to the gun deck!” he proposed, hurrying out before she could protest.
Fighting was still ongoing outside. The screams and yells of those dying and killing mutilated the terrible shrieks of thunder still tailing flashes of lightning in the pounding torrential.
“Matthew, they’re coming this way!” Nora observed and her adopted brother pushed open a trapdoor when he realized she was right. The British sailors and Royal Marines were being pushed back towards the stern by the pirates and the boy pulled Nora in behind him before the worst could happen!
The gun deck was in shambles. Dead and dying bodies littered it amidst acrid gun smoke and the smell of copious blood. The Magnifique’s cannon muzzles directly faced them through the uneven holes on the Tempest’s starboard side. There was no sign of Owen.
“The hold!” Matthew cried, dropping to a trapdoor with much uneasiness to pull it open with clammy hands. He climbed down ahead of Nora and thankfully looked around him with the dim light coming from a distant lantern.
“At last!” growled a voice that was rapidly becoming familiar near the source of light. “I knew you would come to look for him! I was right about your real identities!”
Nora stopped behind him, breathing hard.
“We just want it back,” Matthew said, and the old one-eyed man laughed heartily. Owen groaned at his feet and Matthew started forward.
“Don’t you dare,” growled the voice. Matthew’s eyes were becoming accustomed to the light and he saw that ‘Dr. Brooks’ was covering them with two pistols. “Don’t you dare,” he repeated threateningly. “I’ve spent a year here and wouldn’t want to spend another without some reprieve, you hear? But that aside, guess who I met while fighting today! My dear Steve back in the days! Served with me in Gulf War Two! And guess what he had with him? The black book!”

*     *     *

Stephanie went aboard the Tempest without being noticed and looked around her in amazement. The rain had turned again into a drizzle and the battle was now over, but she couldn’t see Matthew or Nora anywhere on the ship’s deck.
The little girl had been hiding in a berth underneath a hammock as her adopted brother had directed her to do and had only emerged from this sleeping quarter when she heard the pirates chanting a victory song. These criminals were now throwing the dead of their enemies and fallen colleagues overboard and were so engrossed in this task that she was able to climb down a trapdoor undetected when she discovered it wide open. She further climbed down another open wooden door when she heard voices coming from within the hold, although she did this as quietly as she could.
“What are you going to do with it?” Matthew was asking a man whose back was turned towards her.
“I will make Hayfield suffer!” replied the man with a voice she quickly recognized to be Dr. Brooks’s. “I will do this and then I will rule the world with the book!”
“No, you won’t!” Stephanie yelled behind him as soon as he finished. He turned to see who she was and Stephen, a.k.a. Owen, lunged at him.
Two explosions followed in quick succession and both men fell, struggling beside her.
“Run, kids!” Stephen urged them. “Leave while you can! There might be others in our company who found themselves stuck here! Take the book and run!”
“Get the book, Steph!” Matthew told his sister and she tried to retrieve it from Old Shifty’s pocket. He grabbed her arm, only to release it when the other man gave him a head butt. The book fell out from his large coat pocket and Stephanie picked it up.
“I can’t hold him much longer!” croaked Stephen when the old man grabbed his throat. “Leave right now! Leave before it’s too late!” Nora helped him by kicking his opponent and Stephanie quickly gave Matthew the book.
They ran to the steps and escaped up the hatch.
“Heavens! Children of the devil!” exclaimed a startled Blackbeard when they all shot past him on the Tempest’s foredeck. “We heard shots fired! Where is the good doctor? My wounded need him.”
“In the hold!” called back Matthew without looking back. “Save him if you need him!” And most of the pirates abandoned their separate chores to start for the trapdoors.
“Good! We can leave now,” the boy fumbled, stopping near the quarterdeck with his adopted sisters. The sun was coming out and he used it to look for Barbara’s name, which Stephen had written with white chalk alongside names of the unfortunate soldiers and sailors from the Tempest, all of whom he’d also banished mischievously. Matthew found himself wondering whether the ship’s captain’s name had also been chalked in by his deranged ‘son’ before the attack. What was his name again? Captain . . . Mason?
“There they are!” growled Blackbeard, jumping out through the wooden hatch behind two of his men. “Seize them! Make them suffer!”
“Step back!” a nervous Nora warned the men before they could advance further. She had them covered with her pistol and Matthew’s. Blackbeard, himself, couldn’t draw his own weapon.
“You caused the death of my doctor!” he snarled, clenching his fists. “You connived with the enemy after all I’ve done for you miserable fools! To Davy Jones’s locker, I say!”
“I would really love to kill you,” Nora bravely warned him and observed a pirate creeping up behind them from the poop.
“Found it!” Matthew announced and Stephanie grabbed his right arm as well as Nora’s left.
The sun shone brighter and Nora’s flintlocks turned to very unique swords. 



Chapter 20: Thermopylae
THE man behind them jumped on them and the fighters before them charged forward. Nora feinted to avoid the blade coming down from above, pushing Stephanie aside and jabbing the assailant’s swinging arm to disarm him in one quick movement.
The fellow grabbed his wound, wailing in pain, and stumbled into the path of his colleagues trying to reach them. He almost blocked the narrow corridor through which they must pass and curses were rained on him.
“Did you see that?” the girl enthusiastically asked the others in ancient Greek, but she realized they had already left her and hurried after them.
One by one, the soldiers broke through their colleague’s blockade and charged them again. Noiselessly.
“Who are they?” Stephanie demanded, puffing as she ran beside the others. “Why do they hide their faces?”
“We are as lost as you are, sister,” confessed Nora.
“You cannot be, Dora! You are . . .”
“What did you just call me?”
“Dora?”
“What?”
“Dora.”
“You do not need to shout, Stephena,” the older girl stressed, surprising herself as well.
“Great,” intruded Matthew. A very steep cliff before them led one out from the precipitous valley and he knew it was folly to attempt it without ropes. “There is no way out! The mountains around here are almost impossible to climb.”
“You know as much as that?” asked an amazed Nora.
“I know only as much as you do, Dora.” He shrugged, turning to back the almost vertical slope with Stephanie. The hideously masked soldiers stopped at an imaginary line not far away and slowly advanced forward.
“I will handle this,” Nora whispered and stepped out towards them, her two swords glinting in the bright afternoon sun. Matthew realized he was feeling very strange and wondered why he subconsciously thought that Dora would be a hoplite when she turned twenty. At least he knew the Phidita was a kind of public meal. Who was a hoplite?
The fighters laughed at Dora when she approached them, but the laughter died away when she dauntlessly exhibited her skills with both swords, swinging these in quick succession and pushing them back with fear. Finally she dared them with her ramrod posture and raised chin.
The swordsmen before her withdrew and intrepid archers took up their positions.
“Not good,” Stephanie sighed behind her, and she sadly dropped her  swords. She was beginning to like them.
The three were seized and taken back through the narrow passage they had earlier found themselves in. “Where are they taking us?” Stephanie wanted to know, but again, the other two were as lost as she was. They were being led out of the mountainous region and towards the open sea, because they could see an open coastline down below and the blue sea embracing this landmass.
A very large camp was spread out from a point before them far into the horizon. Unusual boats littered the shoreline in their thousands, and as they climbed down a rocky area towards this very large settlement, they realized it was a military one.
“What are we getting ourselves into?” Matthew whispered in Greek and Nora simply shuddered and sighed.
“Beats me,” she said in the same language and the soldiers behind her violently pushed her forward.
“Do not do that again,” Stephanie yelled at them and they removed their masks to glare at her, forcing her to timidly turn away while whispering her apologies. She felt so small when they got to the outskirts of the settlement, but started enjoying the exotic environment around her as they neared the main entrance.
Camels led by their herders pondered about amidst very huge, bare-chested men, who stood guard with very broadly curved swords fastened to their large girths. Stephanie found their somewhat baggy pants and pointed slippers very funny looking indeed and did her best to hide her amusement as they entered the settlement proper. Here, soldiers milled around in groups and obsequious female slaves wearing silver beads and silk attire followed them about. Matthew tried to ignore them and also turned away a closely-observant Stephanie.
Elephants were trumpeting from a nearby, open compound and they could also hear the roar of lions, as well as the weird sound made by other wild beasts in another large, but closed, animal-skin tent. Horses also flooded the area and slaves attended to many of these, while others looked like they were being prepared for serious battle, their would-be riders gathered round a golden throne on which sat a very striking fellow.
“Xerxes,” spat out Nora, staring at the throne.
“What?” Matthew didn’t hear her properly.
“Xerxes,” she quietly repeated out of earshot. He wondered whether he should assign this assertion to her or Dora, her new, schizophrenic half. Obviously, they were now slipping into the roles being thrown their way by the book more easily, and she was getting the hang of it faster than either him or Stephanie, who follows behind her in this behavior.
“Who is he?” he put to her, but she relapsed into silence as they passed the massive, golden throne. Maybe her Dora knew where they were and might help them find Barbara in the long run, although he feared this new twist in their ordeal, because he didn’t know what it might mean for their sanity.
“Khshayarsha!” rang out from the throats of the horsemen surrounding the guy on the throne and Matthew turned to his direction. He was quite tall and muscular in a handsome way with silver rings hanging from his nose. Some bigger ones encircled his throat and his chest was covered by beads and a thin silk shirt. His baggy pants were made of the same silky material with designs of gold threads running through it, while his shoes were pointed like those of his soldiers but also studded with emeralds. He was delivering a forceful speech to his men.
“Khshayarsha! Khshayarsha! Khshayarsha!” they roared again after the speech and ran out to their waiting horses before him. They rode away towards the main entrance.
Stephanie drew back when she saw the huge, but tamed, living tigers sitting on either side of this fellow’s golden throne and Matthew comforted her with an embrace.
“What do they want from us, Mathildes?” she asked him as soon as she was disengaged from him by a soldier and he confusedly stared at her before realizing she was talking to him.
“I do not . . . know,” he blurted out. Nora was still walking trance-like and he turned to her. “Nora?”
“What?” she demanded in English. Was it English? Was he also speaking English? Men and women dressed like them were coming together in one place and they were roughly pushed into this group by the laughing, unconcerned soldiers. Nora appeared anxious of their situation once again.
“Who is Xerxes?” he asked her in whatever language they were both speaking.
“Who?”
“Xerxes?” he repeated, nodding towards the throne.
“Gosh,” she exclaimed, staring at the Persian king. “Is that Xerxes?”
“You know him?” He really hoped she did.
“Uhuuuh.” She nodded.
“From History class,” they both agreed.
“He fought the Greeks in Thermopylae and Salamis in . . . what, 480 B.C?” she tried to recall. “Actually, he lost in Salamis. Oh my God! This means we could be . . . Spartans, right?”
“Spartans? Who were they?” he demanded in ancient Greek and she suddenly looked straight into his eyes like an obsessed soldier would, freaking him out with this abrupt reversion to her previous demeanor.
“Who we are, you mean?” she whispered. “We are citizens of Laconia, the most famous Greek city of the Pelopónnisos, on the right bank of River Evrótas and in the foothills of Mount Taygetus, my dear Mathildes. You of all people should know that.”
“Yeah, sure,” he agreed in English, but suddenly remembered that a hoplite stood for a Greek soldier. Something was definitely wrong with them all.
“The hoplite is right, Mathildes,” agreed an old man in their midst. “You have forgotten who you are and that is very bad.”
“Who are you?” Matthew asked him.
“I am Monocles, an Athenian member of the Eupatridae and now a prisoner of Persia,” the man spat out. At least his attire upheld some truth in what he’d just said. They looked quite different and . . . richer.
“How did you get here?” the boy enquired.
“I am part of a Greek delegation on its way to solicit for help from those barbarians in Macedonia,” he replied. “I was captured with my two sons near Pharsalus by the Immortals and brought here to die.”
“Who are the Immortals?”
“They are these masked men all around us. I think they are the royal bodyguards.”
“Drasthus never told us how big this army was,” said Dora beside him. “Even if he had done this, his calculation would never have equaled what we now see today! I reckon Xerxes must still have ships at sea.”
“Mathildes, you must save us,” begged Stephena. Matthew was comparing her attire with Nora’s and his own to Monocles’. He thought he didn’t hear her right. He thought he wasn’t well, himself.
“How do I do that?” he suddenly asked her in that same ancient Greek.
“You will find a way, Mathildes,” Nora whispered in the same language with awe. “You always do.”
“But you must be quick about it,” Monocles urged him, pointing towards a tent’s entrance through which the Greeks were being dragged in one by one. “Their priests will soon behead us to their gods if you do not.”
They could hear the cries of those being killed from within the tent.
“First, we must plan our escape,” desperately thought Mathildes, turning towards the throne on which still sat the Persian king. He was looking at Dora and the boy saw this. Grabbing Stephena and Dora by the arm, he dragged them anxiously towards the guards who surrounded them.
“Matthew, what are you doing?” Nora suddenly asked him in English. “Are you out of your mind? You will kill us all.”
“We’ve got to save Barbara before leaving and I know she’s here,” he told her. “Just trust me.”
The soldiers shoved him back thrice.
“But I must see the king,” he wailed in Old Persian, surprising even himself. Could it be that he could control Mathildes all this while? “I bring news from Leonidas, himself.”
At the mention of this name, the king stood up from his throne and glared openly at him. “Let them come,” he told the guards and they parted way for the three to pass. Monocles and two young men made to join them and some other soldiers stopped the Athenians.
“They are with us,” Mathildes quickly asserted and the king nodded for his men to let them through.
Xerxes appeared taller up close and had some human skulls on a platter of gold beside him. He was looking down on these with disdain when the Greeks came before him and they gaped at these apparently conquered kings before they were forced into bowing to him.
“What news is there from my present enemy?” he gravely enquired in a resounding guttural voice. “Has he decided to see reason before my mighty Persian horses crush him and his small crowd of maddened men against Thermopylae’s highest cliff?”
“Hail Xerxes, king of forty nations and beyond,” began Mathildes. “We come bearing gifts for my mighty lord from his subordinate, Leonidas I, king of Sparta! I—We present to you, Dora, the hoplite,” and he pushed a nervous, hesitant Nora forward. “She is the best female soldier in Sparta and I—We hope my lord . . . finds her abilities, as we will soon display before thee, very pleasing in thy sight.” Matthew never knew he was such a good orator.
“Beware of the Greeks and the gifts they bear,” candidly retorted the king before joining his soldiers in wild laughter.
“We bring true gifts, my lord,” Monocles said. “Athens and her smaller neighbors offer you earth and water alongside this . . . goddess of Sparta.”
“After you have killed my father’s heralds and thrown them into wells?” the king accused. “Why do you bring this gift now? You fear the blades of my priests? What of the little girl?”
“She is our gift’s slave,” said Matthew. “She is bound for life to her mistress.” Stephanie could have killed him instead of surprisingly staring and frowning at him had she understood his words.
“And what about the rest of you?” he was asked. The king’s eyes were penetrating. The deep silence after his words appeared final.
“You—You can do to us as you please,” Matthew stammered. “We will serve you to the very end.” He knew he just needed more time anyhow he could get it.
“To the very end, you say?” thoughtfully repeated the Persian ruler. His eyes were watching the commotion at his stronghold’s entrance and Matthew slowly turned to see what was happening there with his companions. Several free horses were trotting into the Persian camp and the soldiers near the gate were angrily swearing and cursing the Greeks, because these mounts were the very same ones horsemen had earlier directed towards Thermopylae and the ferocious battle being waged there.
“Why, I should have known!” exploded the mighty Xerxes. “Beware of the Greeks and the gifts they bear.”
“He sends gifts and at the same time slaughters our cavaliers,” a Persian noble said behind Mathildes and the others. He might have never heard of self defense, but the Greeks knew they were in serious trouble.
Stephanie made to step back but Mathildes held her tightly.
“No, Stephena,” he admonished her. “We must face our fate bravely, but you—surely you do not suppose that Xerxes, the great god of men, lacks a heart of mercy?”
“I do not,” agreed the king, “but I cannot speak for my men.”
The six were seized.
“There goes your plan,” Dora told Mathildes.
“Bathe them,” ordered the Persian. “Bathe them and dress them like Persian nobles! Then let stakes run through their bodies from their loins to their heads and stand these poles before those fools blocking our way.”
They were all dragged away.
“It is your kings and nobles I want here before me,” the king growled after them. “They must bring this message of goodwill, themselves! They must promise to serve me to the very end, themselves! They must kiss the earth before me, themselves, and beg for my mercy before I give it.” 



Chapter 21: Barbara
“AT least, we are still alive,” Monocles tried to console them with as they waited to be taken out to Thermopylae by their would-be killers. “We can still plan something now.”
“He failed to even look at Dora twice,” Mathildes regretted.
“Really?” asked Dora, shaking down her blonde hair. “I never observed that.”
“You never observe anything of late, sister,” Stephena pointed out. “And you say you want to be a hoplite.”
“I did say that, little one,” Dora agreed. “A hoplite must first be strong and then observant, and I am strong and observant.”
Matthew could only watch this unnecessary argument with a sense of despair. He just had to touch either of them to talk to Nora or Stephanie and not Dora or Stephena, and they just had to touch him if they wanted to see Matthew and not Mathildes. What still puzzled him was why this particular Nora, Stephanie and Matthew weren’t permanent ones. More so, while he still knew who he was whenever he became Mathildes, the two girls always lost their identities whenever they took up their Greek characters, just as they had presently done. Was this due to his having been in possession and control of the book all this while? He couldn’t tell.
They were sitting tied up on the floor of a rough-looking tent and were all oblivious of the goings-on outside, although they could distinctly hear the soldiers sharpening the stakes on which they were to die in the distance.
“If only my hands were free,” Matthew complained bitterly to himself. Monocles had earlier heard him speaking this strange new language with the hoplite and the little muse and had since come to the conclusion that he had been sent by Zeus just like the other two to save him and his two sons. The old man read meaning into his struggle with the ropes and leaned forward, smiling.
“The gods will help you find a way out for us all once again, Mathildes,” he told Matthew in Greek and the boy could only nod since they had both temporarily lost touch.
Sunlight poured into the tent when a soldier flipped back its animal skin front, causing them to squint as they peered out.
“They are done with the stakes,” Matthew realized with alarm. He was directly staring at the sharpened sticks placed in a row on the ground by their carvers, who were going about other chores. Anytime soon, they would be brought out and marched to their deaths. This was unacceptable to him.
Dora, who had also seen the poles, was also trying to free herself opposite him, and he nodded to her curious stare.
“We have no time to waste, Mathildes,” she earnestly whispered to him and he simply nodded again. She was gibbering as far as he could tell.
They could hear elephants trumpeting in the distance amidst the wild, shouting orders coming from those commanding the thousands of foot soldiers with these animals. They knew from this noise that they were not the only ones at the mercy of the Persians, and the Athenians started whispering prayers for the Spartans defending Thermopylae.
“If that would help,” muttered Matthew with approval and he mistakenly touched Stephena as he turned in his battle to free himself. She instantly became Stephanie.
“Matthew, look! There’s Barbara,” she immediately pointed out and he turned to see that she was right. Three Persian slaves had just stopped before them to serve the stake-carvers food and Barbara was the youngest.
“We have to get to her,” said Matthew and Dora looked out with the three Athenians to see who they were suddenly excited about.
“What are they talking about?” Monocles asked her.
“I think they mistake a slave for one they know,” she replied. “They speak in a foreign tongue.”
“You must communicate with them, hoplite,” the old man urged her. “You must discover the topic of their conversation with your power.”
The girl turned to him in disbelief. “You must know I am no goddess, but flesh and blood like you and your sons, Athenian,” she frankly said. “Neither am I a hoplite, as Mathildes has innocently led us to believe. I am but only sixteen years of age.”
The confused man couldn’t muster a reply. Of course she must know what she was saying!
Now the soldiers eating before them all got up and left the three slave girls behind without betraying the reason for their haste. The older girls quickly followed them, leaving Barbara behind, and Matthew fell to the tent’s floor.
“What are you doing?” Stephanie asked him.
“Now’s your only chance,” he whispered back. “Call for help.”
“Help,” she shouted, crawling towards the entrance and raising dust in his face.
“What are you doing?” Dora asked her and tried to stop her by extending a leg, but she wriggled through and angrily faced the bigger girl.
“We’re here to save Barbara, Nora! Smack out of it,” she yelled.
“She can’t control herself, Steph,” Matthew reasoned. “Ignore her.”
But there had been an accidental contact between both girls as Stephanie tried to pass through, and Monocles closely observed the subtle change in countenance which suddenly came over Dora’s face.
“Help! My brother is dying!” Stephanie resumed towards Barbara. “Help!” The slave girl merely glanced at the tent. “She’s not hearing me.”
“She doesn’t understand you! Be more dramatic.”
“Help me!” Stephanie obeyed, shaking her head. This time the girl stood up and walked over to them, her face a portrayal of curiosity. She became disconcerted when she saw Matthew wriggling on the floor and made to go look for help before he quickly brought her down with his leg and she remained immobile on the floor.
“What have you done to her?” the old Nora asked him.
“Nothing?” he replied. “As usual, she’ll get up a changed person just like you and Stephanie.” He turned to Monocles and spoke in Greek. “We are all dressed like Persians. We can make for the hills without fear of detection.”
The old man was as proud of the boy’s achievements as he was anxious to start. He’d been right all this while! Apart from the memory lapses which often came upon the three of them, they had proven to be from the gods by their feats! Who could even imagine the power in their mere touch?
“But how do we break free?” he asked Mathildes.
“Barbara will help us,” Matthew pointed out, turning to the girl still lying on the ground.
‘So this fourth immortal’s name is Barbara?’ thought the old man. What a befitting name for a goddess!
Matthew was patiently waiting for her to get up, and she suddenly did so, coughing miserably.
“Matthew?” she first saw. “I was in a boat and . . .”
“Quick, Barbara,” he urged her, presenting his bond. “Untie us.”
“What?”
“Untie us.”
“Where are we?” as she moved to comply.
“You wouldn’t wanna know,” Stephanie told her.
“Matthew, what’s going on?” she asked him pointedly and with fright. “Why are we all whispering? What’s happening to me? The boat – we were in a boat and . . .”
“You’re alright now,” Matthew assured her. “We’ll get you safely home very soon. Just . . . trust me.”
They heard people murmuring while Nora was untying the last Athenian. Matthew tried to hear what they were saying.
“Ephialtes?” he asked himself, the others earnestly waiting behind him in the tent.
“Ephialtes?” Nora asked him. “The Thessalian?”
“Who is he?”
“Betrayed the Spartans at Thermopylae! Led their Persian enemies around them.”
“That means they could be planning to do so now,” reasoned her adopted brother as he peered out again. “There’s no one in sight.”
“They must have forgotten us,” whispered Stephanie and he agreed with her.
“The sooner we leave the better,” agreed Nora. “This place gives me the creeps.”
“Only one more thing to do,” Matthew whispered and they waited for him. “We’ve got to get the book from where I hid it up in the mountains.”
“You what?” exclaimed Nora, amazing even herself. “Sorry,” she regretfully whispered and they all chastised her with their angry stares.
“I had to do it,” Matthew told her. “I hid it to keep it safe.” He peered out again before sneaking out, holding Barbara. The others carefully followed him, Nora grabbing a long staff when she saw it.
Evening was fast approaching and through the long shadows created by the setting sun they crept, avoiding clusters of soldiers and slaves who had earlier witnessed their incarceration by King Xerxes. Only when they were so far away from the golden edifice he called his throne did they come out in the open and mingle with the population, whose general attire was not at all different from their present ones.
“Told you we can make it,” Matthew told Monocles, who didn’t have the slightest idea of what he was saying and could only nod in agreement after observing his facial expression of happiness. “There’s an unguarded entrance from the hills,” he pointed out to the elderly fellow between two tents. “We can escape from there.”
The seven individuals edged towards both tents through the multitude of slaves, soldiers and animal herders going about their various chores without the slightest sign of recognition on their faces. Matthew made sure they were not observed as a group by taking a different route to the tents from that which Monocles had taken with his sons, all the while steering Barbara away from the Persians around for fear of her being touched.
A few moments ago, he’d emphasized to the Athenian statesman the need to get to those tents by stressing his words and dramatizing them with his hand while the latter crouched some feet away below a rack of swords with his two sons, and as they now edged towards their goal unobserved, they were helped in no small measure by the approaching darkness as well as the urgency exhibited by the soldiers towards the coming night’s campaign at Thermopylae.
Both parties sneaked in behind the tents.
“I can’t see,” complained Stephanie beside Nora. “It’s getting dark.”
“Hold my hand,” her sister told her. “Almost there.”
The hills loomed in the distance. The chosen path to freedom was still unguarded and they all crept towards it. Until, that is, it was suddenly blocked by a fat soldier!
“What the crap,” groaned Matthew.
“What the duck,” groaned Stephanie.
“What the hell,” groaned Nora.
“What the . . . hell?” tried Monocles, proud to have uttered a sentence from the gods, and Nora rolled her eyes upwards in exasperation. Whatever!
The fellow standing before them appeared to have gone for his dinner because he was still munching away at a piece of meat. When he saw them, he was taken aback and quickly threw away the meat to pull down his face mask and draw his sword.
“An Immortal,” indignantly whispered Matthew. He stood up dejectedly and the others followed his example. “This is it, guys,” he told them when torches of fire appeared farther behind them and other soldiers approached the tents. “It’s all over for us.”
The guard before them looked a bit confused and couldn’t make out what it all meant, although his sword was unwavering and his present position immobile.
“You’ve got to let us through,” Stephanie begged him, but he didn’t move a muscle.
“He’s Persian, Steph,” Nora told her. “He doesn’t understand you.”
Just like her junior sister had earlier done, she wondered why these men were all masked and ended up looking into the eyes of the artificial face before her for a long time. It was like his eyes were also studying her.
“You’ve got to let us through,” she anxiously told him, clenching and unclenching her fists and ignoring Stephanie’s surprise at this remarkable repetition of her plea. The torches were fast approaching the tent and those bearing it were now shouting in their direction.
“It’s no use,” Matthew said. “We don’t have the book.”
“Thanks to you,” snapped Nora, turning back to the guard’s raised sword. She had a staff with her, but didn’t know what to do with it. So she flung it to the ground and squarely faced the guard again, desperation written all over her face.
“WILL YOU PLEASE LET US THROUGH?” she wailed and thought she imagined the mask nod. What happened next they could never have anticipated, because the man stepped aside for them and pointed his sword towards the mountains.

*     *     *

“Why did he do that?” asked Stephanie as they started climbing up the rocky slope.
“I don’t know,” shrugged Nora. “Just keep climbing.”
“They are still coming,” warned Monocles when he briefly glanced back. “Their torches appear in the darkness behind us.”
Only his two sons understood him.
They heard the swish of arrows in the night.
“They’re shooting at us,” warned Stephanie.
“Why should they do that?” shrieked Barbara beside Matthew. “Who are these people?”
“Persians,” he replied her.
“Persians? Who are they?”
“Thought you knew,” he returned.
Someone shouted terribly below him and he knew it was one of the Athenians because he could clearly see Stephanie and Nora on his left. Majority of the arrows were going wide and he thanked the night for this.
“There it is,” he finally remembered, clambering over some rocks into the narrow passage through which they had tried to escape in the afternoon. The three girls followed him as the sound of their pursuers searching the hills for them became louder, but Monocles didn’t do so with his remaining son.
“Come on,” Matthew urged him. “We can take you away from all this.”
“No, it is not safe here,” the old man was saying in Greek. “The gods will look after their own, but we will both be caught when you have all gone back to Olympus! There is no other escape from here.”
Matthew made to come to him but he held him back with his hand. The connection immediately brought back Mathildes.
“Farewell, my friend,” Monocles solemnly said. “It is here we part ways for I must go back to Athens and report the loss of Thermopylae.”
“You can come with us.”
“No,” the old man objected. “Themistocles awaits the Persians with a fleet of triremes near Salamis and I must join him to avenge the death of my son! You must let the gods know what is happening! They must help us fight the invaders near Salamis.”
And he turned away without another word.
“Wait,” Matthew stopped him. “What am I known for in Sparta?”
The Athenian smiled. “I see you have lost your memory, Mathildes, since you have been conversing with the gods! You have a flare for the languages of the world and your wisdom is also renowned in Greece! I am most honored to have witnessed it firsthand today.”
And he was gone with his son.
Nora came up behind Mathildes and he again became Matthew when she grabbed his hand.
The few moments he had conversed with the Athenian in Greek were obviously occasions he had mistakenly touched the old man’s hand. Occasions that had quickly lost their importance as soon as any of his adopted sisters had reached out for his hands afterwards.
“Where did you hide it?” she asked him, and he softly raced back with her to where Stephanie was waiting with a faint-hearted Barbara.
A crevice on the wall to their right revealed a piece of dry papyrus and Nora stared at it in surprise.
“The book turned to that?” she asked him.
“It does that sometimes,” he carelessly agreed and unrolled the scroll.
Funny enough, their names were not in Greek and he found Barbara’s name on his own list of names. “Give me your hand,” he urgently told her and she did, coming forward.
Matthew placed one of her fingers on her name and removed his own hand. The name he used was the one he’d earlier written down, himself, before Owen chalked in another.
“There’s. . . There’s something I must tell you, Matt,” Barbara began, a little in haste.
“It’s alright,” he assured her. “I know.”
“You—You do?”
“Yes, and I forgive you.”
“You—You do?”
“Why not?” He smiled at her and she smiled back.
“Thanks, Matt,” she said, feeling relief sweep over her. “You don’t know how relieved you’ve made me feel, and really, I’m so sorry for all the hurt I’ve caused you! I really am! It’s…”
Her Persian attire fell to the ground.
He’d wanted to ask her for her own forgiveness before this.
“Stephanie must go home with her,” Nora started. “She could tell Mom and Dad where we are.”
“But I don’t want to,” snapped Stephanie.
“You have to, Steph,” Matthew affirmed. “It’s getting too dangerous for us all to be out here like this.”
“I don’t want to,” she whined, but grudgingly provided both hands for him. Her Persian clothes fell to the ground as well.
“Hold me,” Matthew told Nora and looked for Yung Ji’s name. She obeyed him and he found the name, which he preferred to Fat George’s name atop the list, or Rupert’s in the middle.
“Wait,” she suddenly breathed, leaving him again.
“What?”
“We must save him.”
“Save who?”
“The guy who helped us escape.”
“Are you nuts?”
“No, I’m not,” she retorted. “We—We just can’t leave him.”
“Why?”
“He’s Peter.” 



Chapter 22: Peter
THE Persians found them and brought them back to their colossal stronghold without much effort. From the onset, it was quite clear that these middle-eastern invaders were preparing to move out, because all around the children, soldiers and slaves were restlessly hefting large sacks of food and military hardware onto very massive Indian and African elephants.
“They must have taken Thermopylae,” Matthew realized, but Nora didn’t hear him. She had once more attracted Dora’s courageous apparition owing to her contact with her captors when her hands were being tied behind her back, and had even forgotten why they had been forced to return there.
Matthew still knew what had brought them back, since he’d been able to ward off the change, and marveling at his ability to do this, he now knew he could become Mathildes whenever it suited him and choose not to whenever he could will it.
However, he was sure that all this had to do with the book, because he’d felt more in control of the ancient scroll hidden underneath his flowing garment as this Greek drama had progressed. And although he still dreaded the final outcome of such an unpredictable development, he was beginning to relax despite that uncertainty.
The fugitives were soon forced into the presence of an enraged Xerxes, who quickly seized a broad sword from one of his masked guards and stepped towards them as they were being coerced into kneeling before him. Dora’s neck was his immediate target and she accurately evaded his swing.
Mathildes was amazed by her speed, but the king countered this excitement by dropping his weapon and slapping the young girl hard across the face. He moved to do this again.
“Please stop,” her brother wailed in Old Persian. “Mercy! Spare her life.”
“Ahura Mazda curse you for releasing my slaves,” snarled the ancient ruler, and he hit her again before restraining himself. “Such is the impudence of your race! You shall surely suffer before your death even though you are young! You desecrate the laws of my people! Every single one of you will be wiped out from the face of this Earth.”
“We will never bow to you,” suddenly vented Dora and the king impatiently turned to an interpreter. After hearing this aide of his, he callously smiled at them both and swerved back up the stairs to his mammoth contraption of gold and ivory, near which five female slaves from various parts of his huge empire waited in attendance. Mathildes hoped his sister fully realized the probably fatal consequence of her outburst and fell into prayer for her, although the king was not going back for a sharper sword. A red robe concealed an object on a golden tray beside his golden couch, and this he now grabbed to pull away, revealing a bearded head positioned upright on the tray.
“No,” shouted the Spartan girl as she struggled to free herself towards the lifeless head. “You killed him, you murderer.”
Matthew shook his head at the king’s interpreter, but the Persian ruler appeared to have ignored Nora completely. He reclined on his couch and stretched out his left leg.
“Even your own oracle at . . . Delphi proclaims my coming and victory over your lands,” he chuckled. “I hear Athens was told to defend herself with wooden walls! What better way to warn her of the futility of resistance? I can see no other.”
Dora started crying and Mathildes couldn’t go to her because he was being restrained.
“Your king, Leonidas, was strong-headed,” continued Xerxes, smiling at his own witty line as he turned to the Spartan ruler’s head. “I offered him wealth, but he refused my benevolence! He even laughed in my face when I warned him to provoke me no further, and laughed the more when I told him his name will forever be blotted out from the annals of the world.”
“And how wrong you were.” Matthew couldn’t help adding this.
“Silence, slave!” roared the ruthless ruler, standing up and stepping towards him. “I shall not have you speak thus in my divine presence or I will have your tongue cut out for you!”
The boy suddenly felt annoyed by this. That Nora had read about the Persian Wars in History class was enough evidence for the truth in what he’d just said and he had a strong impulse to use the book on this pompous leader no matter what the consequences would be.
The obnoxious fellow had accepted their present silence as proof of their enthralled recognition of his ‘divine presence’ and had once more filled his couch with his lean form.
“I have defeated your king in battle,” he reminded them. “Hence, you are both my slaves even if you deny this and forget you actually became yoked with this burden the moment you were caught with your countrymen while the sun still hung above us.”
Matthew realized he was right. A day had not passed since they were captured.
“Your bones shall be mixed with the ashes of Athens after you have burned with her,” the Persian proclaimed. “I will spare your lives only if,” turning to Dora, “you excel in battle, which your fellow Spartan had already committed you to. . . . You do this for both your sakes, since I am a merciful and generous god.”
“I will do no such thing,” she defiantly snapped as soon as the interpreter had conveyed the king’s devious judgment to them. Matthew prayed the more for her as their hostile host was told her objectionable choice. He looked ready to cross an anger threshold.
“Very well, then,” he suddenly fumed. “Await your deaths.”
They were removed from his sight and shoved into a wheeled brass cage for the long haul to Athens.

*     *     * 

“Nora,” he whispered.
“What?”
“Wake up. We’ve got to leave now.”
“What of Peter?”
“He’s here with us, but you must stop talking and start whispering,” he advised her, looking out at the many foot soldiers marching behind them through the very narrow slits between the bars of their prison.
“What happened?” she obeyed conspiratorially. “My cheek hurts.”
“A gift from Xerxes, himself,” was the accusing reply. “You were so daring.”
“Where is Peter?”
“Here, beside me. I’ve touched him.”
“He smells of blood,” she discovered. “What happened to him? Is—Is he dead?”
“Nope. Guess he got beaten up! They want to punish him with us.”
She tried to get up but realized her hands were still tied behind her back. Their cage was also moving.
“Where are we going?” she asked him.
“Athens?”
“Why?”
“To burn it up?” he dryly suggested. “Xerxes style?”
“So how do we get out? Our hands are still tied.”
“I was hoping you would know,” he blamed himself.
“Peter?”
“His hands are tied as well,” he pointed out.
“The cage? We could cut . . .”
“Too risky! Bars closely placed! Those outside . . . ,” he said. “If only you could help me loosen my shirt, then maybe I can . . . get out the book?” He was trying to do this without success.
“But it’s not a book now,” Nora objected, pushing herself round to help him. “What now?”
“It’s held in place by a sash,” he directed her hands. “You just have to untie it and . . .”
“Done.”
The papyrus fell out from inside his attire and unfolded itself, but he couldn’t reach it with his hands and she had to pick it up for him.
For a moment, he feared she would crawl back away from him with it and dare him to come and get it, but she simply gave it back to him.
“Thanks,” he gladly told her, embarrassed by his aforementioned thought, but then the cage’s door swung open and a huge Persian lumbered in through it and snatched the scroll from him, leaving them both in a very bad state of despondency. In their excitement, they had failed to realize that the cart had stopped a few moments ago. Nora was holding Peter as the next step and he stirred a little.
“He must have been watching us,” she sadly said, staring at the soldier through the bars as he pushed the scroll into his belt.
“Why?” asked a new voice.
“Peter,” she brightened. “You’re alive.” And she placed her head on his shoulder, because she couldn’t hug him. He didn’t miss this for the world.
“Nora?” he questioned, squinting. “What are you doing that for?”
“I—We—We thought we’ve lost you,” she stammered, blushing and sitting up.
“We thought you were dead,” grimly added Matthew.
“Why did you think so? Why is it so dark? Where are we?” he asked them, trying to sit up like Nora and realizing he couldn’t. “And why am I so . . . tied up?”
The cart started moving again.
“You won’t believe us,” Matthew stated outright.
“Why won’t I?” he was asked with a squint. “You’re the . . . never mind. What’s happening?”
“He’s my adopted brother, Peter,” Nora helped the fat boy with and Matthew started. Did he just notice a tint of the old hatred in her voice? Was their ‘honeymoon’ over? It’s been quite a while since she appended that cursed word to the ‘brother’ she’d reserved for him. Had she really learnt to look out for others as he’d erroneously thought she had achieved these past few hours?
Peter was asking after his name.
“My name’s Matthew . . . with a double ‘t’ as in the New Testament?” he provided. “Sorry I didn’t tell you this at the door . . .”
“Yeah, the door,” exclaimed the Jew. “Your door! What happened after that? Why do I . . . hurt all over?”
“You won’t believe us,” said Nora.
They suddenly stopped again and Matthew turned to look outside. Dawn was just breaking.
“What’s happening?” Nora asked him. “Are we there already?” Was she glaring at him?
“Nope,” he supplied. “The path ahead looks narrow . . . and dangerous! It’s like . . . the soldiers are moving ahead of us! There are dead bodies everywhere.”
“Soldiers?” demanded Peter. “Dead bodies?”
“Persians, actually,” corrected Matthew.
“Persians?”
“It’s Thermopylae,” Nora asserted when she looked out and saw for herself. She didn’t cringe back from the bodies littered everywhere as Matthew had thought she would. They looked like relief sculptures on the flat canvass of a gigantic mosaic work of art and this was why she admired them rather than abhor them, although the putrid stench coming from them was unbearable!
The track was about fifty feet wide and passed above a cliff. It lay between a high mountain and a wide gulf. “Can’t believe this,” she whispered to herself. “I am seeing this myself! It’s like being in a movie.”
“A movie? Are we in a movie?”
They seemed to have forgotten all about him.
“You could still see this in Greece, right?” Matthew asked Nora.
“Not like this, no you won’t,” she whispered. “Mr. Heaver said it’s now a broad, swampy plane.”
“Great, Mr. Heaver! Now, we’re getting somewhere,” snapped Peter, grimacing from pain, and they shamefully turned back to him.
Their mobile prison started forward again.
“What’s happening?” he demanded. “Where are we going?”
“Matthew, tell him,” Nora pressed. “You’re in charge of this.”
“You tell him,” Matthew persuaded her. “He’s your friend.”
“But you caused all this,” she hissed. “I can’t believe you just said that.”
“Yuk! What’s that smell?” Peter intruded.
It was the smell of burning flesh. The smell of death. Nora stole a glance through the brass and looked away. This was more than just dead, decaying bodies.
“It’s horrible,” she said. Matthew turned to see what she had seen and gulped.
A heap of bodies was being incinerated in the distance. Persian soldiers were slicing these dead men open and spewing out their entrails and that, in addition to the burning flesh, was the raw reek that hit him. No wonder the disgusting odor was worse than the one from those decomposing bodies strewn around their path—the Persians were literally ‘cooking’ the decaying flesh of these dead geeks!
“Know . . . who—who they are?” he asked her, trying to hold his breath.
“Could—Could be the Spartans and . . . their allies,” she replied, trying to do the same thing.
“The Spartans?” Peter asked her. “Is this some kind of joke?”
“No, it’s not, Peter,” Matthew said. “Told you . . . you won’t believe us.”
The morning sun was now up and he could clearly see the other’s battered face. It wasn’t nice.
“Oh, my God! Oh, no,” whimpered Nora when she noticed it. “Did—Did they . . . do that to you? Oh, Peter.”
“I feel like I was run over,” confessed the fat boy, grimacing in pain. “Now, are you two gonna tell me what’s happening or not?”
Matthew gave up. “I wrote your name in . . . the book.”
“He didn’t mean to,” Nora surprisingly said in support.
“The . . . book?” Peter was confused. “And what’s with the book? Why is it so important that you mention it?”
Matthew sighed. “It’s—It’s magical,” he stumbled. “Took us back a long time in history.”
“Back to the Persian Wars now,” Nora pinpointed.
“The Persian Wars?” Peter was astounded. “Are you saying we went back . . . to 480 B.C.? Leonidas and Xerxes? Thermopylae?”
“We’re just passing through it,” she dryly enlightened him, rolling her eyes. He turned to peer out from the bars. Huge mountains jutted out from all sides, but he couldn’t make out any other thing of interest.
“We’re Persian prisoners,” Matthew continued. “Slaves of Xerxes, himself.”
“So why was I beaten up?” he was asked. “How come I’m the only one with a black eye, and why can’t I remember anything else but your door and then this?”
“The book gives us a kind of dual personality,” he explained. “First yourself and then someone else’s. In your case, a member of the king’s personal army of bodyguards.”
“The Immortals? So how come I’m in here with you two?”
“You helped us escape and got punished for it,” responded Nora.
“And you’ll become the guard again if you touch any other person but us while we’re still here,” warned Matthew.
“I see,” understood the fat Jew, nodding. “So, where is this book? We could all go back home with it, right?”
Matthew sighed again.
“Actually, we can . . . but it’s not in our possession right now,” explained Nora. “And you’re not the only guy whose name is on it,” she quickly added.
“We—We stumbled into you while saving someone else,” Matthew clarified.
“I . . . see,” repeated Peter, slowly breathing out. “So, what do we do now? We can’t just wait for the worst to happen, right?”
As if in answer to his question, they suddenly felt the ground beneath them give way and the cage seemed to fall off its wheels, rudely taking them with it. Shouts were heard outside and some slaves appeared close to the brass bars as they tried to properly sit up from the jumble they were in.
“What just happened?” asked Nora with fright.
“Guess the wheels gave way,” ventured Matthew. “Those things are wood, you know.”
Almost before he stopped talking, a thunderous roar of many voices erupted from the many mountains surrounding them and they saw many foot soldiers racing down from the hills.
“They are dressed like Greeks,” observed Nora, moving away from the bars like the others. The Persian men had turned away to ward off the attacking force. A spear jutted into the cage and she shrieked.
“Mr. Heaver never told us about this,” she cried. Of course Mr. Heaver never knew about the book!
“What can we do now?” exclaimed Peter. “We can’t just wait here and die.”
“Try outside,” Matthew suggested. The metal doors shook violently and they heard the clanging of swords behind it. A grunt was followed by a thud and a second thud. An arrow slipped through the brass bars beside Matthew’s left ear to bury itself on the structure’s wooden floor, and he hopelessly stared at it without a word. They heard piercing screams from both sides of the pathway, which continued for some time, and then . . . 
Nothing.
Silence, troubled with the occasional persuasive pleas of fallen, wounded men, whose adversaries had no intention of ever granting their mercy and frequently troubled the silence the more by forcing these Persians to let out a final death cry now and then with the aid of their sharp weapons.
The door swung open and the three children quickly moved away from it. 



Chapter 23: What Happened Next
IT was Monocles.
“Mathildes,” he beamed. “The gods be praised! They will this our second meeting.”
Nora breathed a sigh of relief, even though only Matthew understood the old fellow.
“Old man is happy,” Peter chuckled as they stepped out of the fallen cart, but nobody untied him when the others were freed.
“He saved our lives, Monocles!” Mathildes reminded the Athenian when he moved to draw his already bloodied sword. “He is the guard who let us go!”
“And he has already suffered for it,” Dora provided. Monocles relaxed and turned to his men, who had also wasted no time in following his example.
“Friend,” he pointed out to them and they nodded, though the Persian had no such thing in mind when they tried to untie him. He suddenly shoved back the Spartan behind him and kicked the Thessalian before him in the groin. Matthew realized the mistake and quickly moved to curtail more of such displays. He ended up on the ground with Peter, while several swords of varying shapes covered them both from above. Even Dora wielded one.
“Traitor,” bellowed Monocles.
“No, he is not,” cried Matthew. “He is under the influence of a spell from the gods, just like us.”
But the old man didn’t sheath his sword.
“You must believe me,” continued the boy. “The gods need him.”
“I believe you,” Monocles finally agreed. “But he still has Persian blood running in his veins.”
Matthew picked himself up and dragged Peter to the fallen brass cage, where he propped up the fat boy on one of the broken wooden wheels. “Do not touch him,” he ordered the Greeks, who still had their swords drawn. The boy would never know what happened when he woke up.
“You were caught,” Monocles suggested.
“As soon as we parted,” agreed Matthew, looking for the guy who had snatched the priceless papyrus from him amongst the dead. Dora followed him.
“What are you looking for?” she asked, joining in the search.
“A gift from Zeus seized by an enemy,” he replied. Truthfully, he didn’t know where that one came from! “Without it we cannot return to Olympus, and the Persians might turn back anytime soon.”
“Fear not,” assured Monocles. “We have word that Xerxes can only turn back a small force if he desires to know what happened to this last unit. He cannot stop his onward march now that his whole army nears Athens. What is this . . . gift like?”
“A scroll.”
He joined in the search.
“Hey, Matthew,” Peter shouted at the boy, and those surrounding him drew back, for he was speaking in an unfamiliar tongue. “When will I be freed?”
“As soon as we are ready,” thoughtlessly replied Matthew in Old Persian and continued looking for his man.
“He might have joined the units ahead of us before the fight,” Dora called out to him. “Maybe he is not here.”
“I do not think so,” Mathildes replied. “He should be their leader here.”
“And how do you know he still has it?”
“I saw him push it into his belt.”
The girl had seen this covetous act by the Persian commander when she was Nora, so she was like hearing this for the first time and resumed her search anew with that valuable piece of information in mind. This Persian unit had many armed slaves in its service and the reason for this was soon obvious when the bandits noticed that the wheeled carts in the caravan had piles and piles of military clothing stacked in heaps.
The slaves were the military’s laundry men! What the prisoners couldn’t understand was why they were left with this party. Hard luck? Perhaps King Xerxes had become so occupied with his battle plans to remember their having desecrated the laws of the Medes and the Persians. Perhaps their cart was mistakenly placed behind this line of Persian laundry, although whatever the reason was they might never be certain of now, because the answer was irrelevant and all those who could have provided it were visibly dead.
Nearer and nearer the first cart in the lineup they searched. This was slow since most of the Greeks, including Dora, didn’t know who they were looking for, and thoroughly went through each dead man’s personal belongings while remaining on the lookout for any kind of scroll.
“Persians,” suddenly warned a sentry Monocles had posted on a nearby mountain. “They come like ants.”
At the same time, a big survivor charged Dora from where he’d been hiding in the first cart and she almost lost her life despite her swift timing. He came at her again, but she twisted out of his thrust and buried her sword in his back.
“It’s him,” Matthew claimed, quickly coming forward with Monocles. He mistakenly touched Dora and she hurriedly let go of her sword, harshly breathing in deeply.
“What—What happened?” she stammered, drawing back from the hunk. “Is he dead?”
“No, just knocked out,” Matthew allayed. He couldn’t find the papyrus on the dead man. “Try not to touch anybody again,” he warned her.
“We must get away from here, Mathildes,” started Monocles. “The Persians outnumber us.” But the boy’s eyes were desperately scanning the length of the Persian horse-driven caravan. He was beginning to accept it was all over when he saw the burning slave.
Where had the fire come from?
“Come on,” he urged Nora, grabbing her hand and running.
“I killed a man,” she was saying. “I killed a man.”
“I don’t think you did,” he quipped. “Dora did.”
He suddenly stopped.
“What are you doing?”
“Mathildes,” Monocles called after them. His son had gathered the others and they were setting fire to the Persian goods and freeing the horses.
“Do you see them?” Matthew asked Nora.
“See who?”
“The . . . demons,” he whispered. “They are watching us from the mountains.”
They were standing close to the burning slave and Nora didn’t understand what he was saying at first, but then she did and the new fright was unbearable.
The black figures were discreetly hiding in the mountainous shadows all around them.
“How did they find us?” she frantically whispered.
“Don’t know, but I know they won’t come any closer as long as this fire burns.” He bent down and pried out the missing scroll from the burning corpse’s tangled fingers with a sword he picked up from the ground, and to Nora’s uncomfortable surprise, he picked up the papyrus as its fire still blazed.
“H-How did you do that?” she blurted out.
“I-I don’t know,” he honestly said. “It just happened.”
“You should be burning by now.”
But he wasn’t even feeling any heat on his outstretched arm. It was all so strange. The caressing flames even felt good.
“We must leave now, Mathildes,” warned Monocles again, coming up. “We can escort you to Mount Olympus, but that is as far as we can go and we cannot wait any more.” The burning scroll was a curious sight. “I see you have found the Golden Fleece, eh?”
“The gods helped us,” Matthew told the old man and walked over to untie Peter, who looked forlorn.
“About time,” he grumbled, standing up. “These friends of yours freak me out.”
“They’re just from another place and time,” Matthew reminded him. “Here, turn away from the wheel.”
“Where do we go now?” he wanted to know.
“Up the mountains,” he was told. The scroll exchanged hands before he could be untied. “Please, don’t touch anyone after this,” Matthew begged him and he nodded.
“Is that the book?” he asked Nora with surprise. “Why is it burning?”
“To keep away danger,” was her candid reply. The fire from the scroll was cool. Comforting. “Heartwarming,” she mused.
As they left the area and headed up into the mountains, they could see the Persians running up to the track below on foot. Perhaps the garments of those fighting for Xerxes were so inconsequential when compared to his impending conquest of Greece that he couldn’t even send horsemen to guard and protect them!
“We must continue alone from here,” Matthew soon announced to Monocles. They had stopped atop a small plateau which lay within the range of mountains and away from prying eyes now innumerable on the pathway to Thermopylae. The Persians were trying to douse the angry flames since eating away their precious clothes and could never mount an attack against them while so preoccupied. It also appeared the Greeks were preparing to swoop down on their enemies again, despite their small number.
“For the second time, my friend, farewell,” declared Monocles with a sorrowful voice. “Let us hope we shall meet again when Greece has won her freedom, which I know she will when you persuade the gods to help us.”
“We must continue tearing Xerxes from the rear,” his only remaining son added, taking Matthew’s hand. “We must continue doing this until we win at Salamis.”
“We have bigger ships than the Persians and can sink them if we can get close enough to hurt them,” explained Monocles. “I must leave you now to wage this war against my country’s enemies.”
“I wish you well, my friend,” Mathildes beamed and Nora nodded at the Greeks as both groups parted, reminding herself not to touch any of them like her adopted brother had warned her against.
“So what now?” Peter asked Matthew as he tried to evade the angry stares of the Greek soldiers passing him. “Can we use the book while it’s still hot?”
“They’re still here,” Matthew rather observed around him. The black figures had appeared across the landscape again and that was unsettling, although the papyrus was still on fire and he was somehow glad that it was taking longer to burn out this time.
“Who’re these new guys?” Peter demanded from him.
“The demons.”
“The demons?”
“Uhuuuh,” agreed Nora. “They’ve been trailing us since the Red Indians.”
“Red what?”
“They’ve been trailing the book,” Matthew corrected. “They followed us to America, where we were Red Indians. I’ve got a hunch all this must be linked to that star.”
Peter was baffled. “Red Indians?”
“Which star?” demanded Nora.
“Oh, the one I found on the book’s cover when . . . when it was a book . . .” He trailed off, looking at the blazing papyrus in his hand. “I figured I’ve seen that star on a country’s flag, but I’ve forgotten which one—blue lines on top and below it? White background?”
“My country?” suggested Peter. “Did you see the Star of David?”
“And how’s that one like?” Nora asked him.
“Two triangles crossed to form a six-point star?”
“Yep,” agreed Matthew. “And which one is your country?”
“Peter’s Jewish,” Nora told him. “He comes from Israel.”
“Maybe the book’s a kind of . . . secret weapon your country’s developing,” Matthew intimated Peter with alarm.
“Maybe and maybe not,” stated Nora, wondering where he got that wild idea from, but she had to agree that this was plausible. “Maybe,” she repeated, just in case. “And that’s one good reason to get going, right Matthew?”
“Yep.” He rolled out the flaming scroll but saw no names on it! “It’s—It’s just blank,” he exclaimed. “No names.”
“What?” Nora was incredulous.
“Maybe it’s the flames,” suggested Peter, who was intently studying the black shapes slowly growing in number all around them.
“Then we must quench it,” wisely recommended Nora. They could now hear the Greeks and Persians killing themselves in the distance and felt physically detached from it all.
“The dumbest thing I’ve ever heard you say, Nora,” Matthew finally berated her, but as if it really heard her suggestion, the fire suddenly died out.
And the names re-appeared.
“Quick, hold hands,” he urged them and found Yung Ji’s name.
Peter grabbed Nora’s hand. She grabbed Matthew’s left arm and he touched the name, which glowed red and the discomfiting pain quickly died away.
“Done,” he yelled, but the others didn’t fancy his happiness and weren’t fellow partakers of it.
“We’re still standing where we were, Noise,” dispassionately noted Nora. “You must’ve lost the touch.”
“No, I haven’t,” Matthew insisted. “I used my last, little left finger! I’ve never used it before.”
“Maybe you should give me that.”
“No way.”
“Hey, guys?” trespassed Peter, earnestly looking around him. “I think we’ve got more pressing matters?”
Their black friends were still hanging around and some where now smoothly gliding forward, making muted, eerie sounds.
“Yeeeaah!” Matthew shouted at them, brandishing the scroll before them. “Shoooo! Back off! Go away!”
But they were undeterred.
“Fire devour!” he tried. “Erupt! Flames! Arise!”
The bleak shapes kept up their ominous chant.
“Run,” he whispered. 



Chapter 24: China
A feeling of senseless oblivion shot through Peter when he tried to do this and he crumbled to the ground. Hurriedly the black things soared over and through his immobile form to come after them with much vigor!
“What’s wrong with him?” exploded a running Nora.
“Dunno!” puffed her remaining companion. “Guess it’s not wise to find out now!”
“No, it’s not!” she buttressed, looking back once. Squeaky sounds were coming from the gloomy horde and this was more than she could bear. “Can’t they see I’m running?” she screeched.
“They’re not happy you are!” Matthew highlighted. “They’ll surely stop if you do!”
The part ahead was askew, now veering to the left and then to the right. Up and down it also went and Matthew hastily spotted its unbelievable height above ground as it snaked its way into the steep hills before them. He also noticed the gaps evenly placed along one of its very low borders and this evoked in him the feeling of being on the fortified wall of a large fortress.
Meanwhile, thin black hands had started reaching out from behind in a bid to seize him, but he arrested this hellish woe by further pushing himself to pass Nora and take the lead, puffing with the increased effort.
So the demons caught the girl instead, and for a very brief moment, she remained suspended in midair while they shot through her body, immeasurably jolting it and inflicting a heavy state of unconsciousness on her whole being, before discarding her like a piece of used rag.
She wasn’t their target.
“Nora!” Peter shouted, running up to her solitary figure on the stony road. “Nora! Wake up!” he cried, and knelt beside her to vigorously shake her up. “Are you alright?”
She was in a daze.
“Peter! Where’s Matthew?”
“Still on the run! Who are these people? Nora?”
But she had left him behind and he quickly followed her. “Matthew!” she kept shouting as she gave the moody shapes chase.
“Matthew!” Peter assisted, fervently trying to keep up with her lithe figure, although the mass of blackness after the younger boy wouldn’t allow them to hear his desperate response.
Matthew was still out of reach for his pursuers, though, but he was fast approaching the limit of his strength and, to his heart-wrenching dismay, a lone tower suddenly popped up ahead of him as he scaled another hill. He just hoped its huge doors were unlocked.
And they were, although he wasn’t the instrument behind this discovery.
The demons were!
“Oh, Christ!” he muttered and broke off his run, seeing he was now surrounded by the devils as more streamed out of the tower’s entrance towards him. He realized he was tightly clutching the scroll in his right hand and thought of jumping over one of the road’s low sidewalls only to remember he was afraid of heights no matter how low.
“Matthew!” Nora called out to him and he turned to see her scamper up round a distant bend with Peter. They were so far away and could do little at the moment, so he turned back to the approaching horde, which was fast closing in from both sides of the road. He could even see some swerving off to cover their flanks as well. Flanks that were collectively his last hope of escape. Unless . . . 
“Fire devour!” he blurted out and immediately knew he was joking again. “Erupt!” he continued, with the joke. “Arise! Flames!”
Their blackness engulfed him.

*     *     * 

“Matthew!” Nora screamed again, stopping in shock and staring at the black mass on the other, farther side of the bend. Peter stopped behind her and they both hopelessly watched the horde ebb and swell over Matthew, whose small frame had been completely swallowed by this living nightmare. The Jewish boy was totally winded by the exerting run, but he still had some strength left in him to console Nora when she turned away from the whole thing and tightly hugged him.
“Oh, Peter! It’s all over!” she wailed. “No one can come out of that alive! We’re lost forever!”
“No, we’re not,” Peter admonished her. “Don’t talk like that, Nora.” This close encounter he’d never dreamt of ever happening in his lifetime with Nora, his one true crush, and although a hugging support had always been what he’d wanted to give her all this time, God knows he would’ve been happier were the events surrounding this crowning incident more pleasant ones.
She looked up at him and smiled.
“Thanks.”
“For what?”
“For. . . For. . . ”—she rummaged for the words—“. . . not leaving us like Leonard did.”
Searing rays of brightness hit their faces from the hideous mound some distance away and they lifted their arms in unconscious defense. The light had burst out through gaping holes the demons couldn’t barricade with their bodies and a tumultuous earthquake suddenly seized the stony path and its surrounding landscape.
“What’s happening?” Nora quavered.
“Dunno.”
The light seemed to grow in intensity and strength, and one by one, it was like the black tormentors were being peeled off the mound, new rays pushing them into thin air and replacing their positions until a staggering displacement blasted them all away and Matthew stood alone holding up the flaming scroll.
He slumped.
“Matthew!” screamed Nora, tearing down the narrow road with Peter panting behind. The ground had stopped shaking and she was able to quickly get to him and fall beside him. “Please! Please!” she begged him, hugging his limp body close to her beating heart. “Don’t leave me, Matthew! Please, don’t!”
“Heard that,” sleepily muttered the boy and this time she hugged him with joy. Peter relaxed when he saw this picture and quietly stood some distance from the adopted siblings while his mind wondered back to what Nora had earlier told him. His question when it came, however, concerned a very different, but intriguing subject.
“Who were those people?”
“They’re not humans,” Matthew pointed out with a strengthened voice as Nora helped him up.
“They’re demons,” she put in, looking around her with a puzzled stare lest they should be lurking somewhere.
“Demons?” Peter had thought they were joking when they first told him this. “What do they want?”
“For reasons I’m yet to find out, they want the book,” Matthew stressed again, Owen’s terrible experience coming to mind. He was holding his head with his left hand and Nora noticed this like a mother.
“Whatever happened back there?” she asked him with alarm. “Did they hurt you?”
“No,” he said, stopping to think. “Can’t remember what really took place in there, but it was like something—someone was fighting for me! I—I was blank most of the time and spinning in . . . a black hole?”
“A black hole? Why do you think so?” asked Peter.
“Because, it was all . . . black,” he explained. “Something was trying to stop them from taking the book from me! The demons were seriously struggling with this . . . creature all the time.”
“So you were left alone,” Nora stated. She didn’t seem to have believed him. “And how did you start the fire?”
“Don’t know,” he confessed, abruptly turning his attention to the scroll in his hand. “The creature must’ve done that, too.”
The document looked better than the previous papyrus the book had turned into back in Greece, and had very intricate flower designs on its back. Matthew gently unfolded it and beheld an ancient writing he clearly recognized around the flowers.
“There are Chinese words here,” he remarked. “And I can read the sentence they form. It says: ‘Sacred ways back and . . . forth?’”
“Are we speaking Chinese now?” Nora wanted to know, anxiously hugging herself.
“I think it’s English, alright,” affirmed Peter with his arms akimbo. “Good, old English.”
“No need to be that hasty,” Matthew warned him, showing him the words on the scroll’s backside. Peter wondered what the writings meant and squinted to see more clearly. They became more coherent.
“I can read Chinese?” the fat Jew discovered with a start. Nora peeped in, too. “But . . . how?”
“We’re in China,” Matthew evaded with a slight laugh. “Yung Ji is Chinese.”
“Is that who we’re looking for?” asked the older boy. “A Chinese?” 
“A Chinese-American, actually.” Matthew was holding his throbbing head again. “His parents are from China.”
“Is that why you think we’re in China?’ asked Nora. “’Cause he’s part-Chinese?”
“We’re standing on the Great Wall, Nora.”
Peter was amazed. “Of course, we are,” he laughed, looking around in delight. “It is the Great Wall of China! How could I have missed that?”
“I missed it, too,” Nora confessed, now admiring the beautiful scenery around them. No amount of History class could measure up to this! “Guess it’s all the excitement we’ve been through,” she decided to blame.
They all agreed with this faultless reason and started walking towards the low tower standing in their way.
“So, how do we find this . . . Yung guy?” enquired Peter. “Do we know where to start?”
“We usually bump into an ongoing war,” Matthew proposed, still holding his aching head with his free hand. “They must be waging one around here now.”
“I hope not,” snapped Nora, frowning and looking defiant. Her striking pose ironically reminded Peter of what she’d revealed to him before her adopted brother was strangely freed, and he hoped she’d been adequately tamed by that experience to start caring for others, herself.
“Leonard was actually here?” he suddenly asked her and she briefly stared at him before realizing what he was asking her.
“Uh, yeah,” she stammered, looking away with embarrassment. “He—He met us in America and—and didn’t stay long.” Her words strongly conveyed the rejection she’d felt then to him and he suddenly realized that Leonard had failed her and she was like trying to make him understand this hurt she, herself, couldn’t comprehend. “He was scared of the Red Indians and left,” she continued, turning back boldly to face him. “I still can’t understand why he did that after Patricia and Eva! He just . . . showed me he was too afraid to . . . care.”
“I don’t think so . . .” he started.
“Ow, come on,” Matthew fumed, turning to him in disgust. “You know he thinks she isn’t good enough for him! Why don’t you just tell her that?”
“Don’t think I can do that.”
“Why not?”
“It’ll hurt your sister the more,” was the soothing reply. “Can’t do what he did, though,” and the younger boy calmed down.
“Thanks,” he said for his adopted sister, who only nodded with gratitude and cleaned off the fresh tears on her cheeks. “You’ll never know how scared we’ve been since all this started.”
Peter smiled unconsciously to himself. He was quite sure that Leonard had also been very scared when he was around. Whatever was happening to them at present was bound to drive any sane guy crazy!
On the other hand, Nora didn’t seem scared at the moment, he thought. She rather looked and sounded jilted, and he really hoped her gratitude was actually what it appeared to be. He really hoped she’d learned her lesson from all this.
A little girl dressed like her had just appeared on the big entrance to the watchtower ahead of them and she was staring at this new face with some trepidation. Matthew was also quizzically looking fixedly at this particular person and this really made Peter uncomfortable.
“What is it?” he asked them both. “Is anything wrong?”
“Everything is wrong,” Matthew blew. “We thought we’ve sent her home.”

*     *     * 

The girl rubbed her eyes and squinted to accommodate the bright daylight before focusing on them. At first, she blankly stared, and then:
“Matthew!” she shouted and started running towards them.
“She knows us,” Nora established, aghast. “That must mean only one thing.”
“There’s someone with her,” agreed Matthew. “Someone from our time.”
“Matthew,” the girl kept calling.
“Stephanie,” he returned, consciously slipping the scroll into his outer garment and stepping forward with the others. He thought the attire couldn’t have been any bigger for him, but its size was now serving him well. No Gulf War Two veteran was ever going to lay hands on his precious possession again!
“Matthew.”
“Stephanie.” He embraced her with cheek kisses and Nora did the same thing. “My sister,” he introduced to Peter.
“I know.”
“And you don’t need to tell me who he is,” Stephanie offered. “I know.”
“Your sister’s funny,” Peter remarked. “I like that.”
“You don’t need to ask who she got that from,” Nora contributed like her old self. Peter didn’t miss this attitude he knew too well to be uniquely hers, though. The ‘Leonard Experience’ appeared not to have worked after all. The temporary ‘scales’ over his eyes suddenly fell off, completely. “How come we found you here, Steph? Whatever happened and who’re you with?” the girl queried her junior sister.
“A friend?”
“A friend?” she scoffed as they approached the tower’s open doors. “How did he come to be one?”
“Says he’s my Chinese father,” was the exuberant reply.
“Your Chinese what?” questioned Matthew.
“Her Chinese father,” clarified Peter.
A middle-aged fellow with a long beard emerged from within the tower and blocked the door.
“His name’s Liu Hang, and please be nice,” Stephanie begged them before running over to the new fellow and hugging him to Nora’s consternation.
“Hope he hangs himself first,” she muttered to the others and the man raised his eyebrows at her.
“Angry, are we?” he asked her in crisp, American English. “You don’t have to. It doesn’t help your beauty.”
‘Whoever told you I need your opinion on that?’ she thought, fuming as she stopped some distance from him like the others and thoroughly appraised him.
His cleanly shaven head vividly accentuated his gaunt oriental features and crowned the outdoor appearance of a Chinese monk, which his wary frame easily conveyed to any observer. The long black beard contrasted with his long white coat, which was held in place by a blue sash, and a long wooden staff was firmly gripped in his right hand, although his eyes easily exposed the frailty within his hidden soul. All in all, Liu Hang gave one the impression that he’d seen better days and might have already tried to hang himself, because he looked like a lost venture. One now more than careful in his dealings with the outside world.
“We know who you are,” Matthew stated.
“Do we?” Peter started.
“Yes, I think you do,” agreed the man in a low, husky voice. “I knew it when I saw you three. You all looked . . . different! And if Stephanie hadn’t told me stories about your adventures, I would have still identified the three of you.”
“What do you mean?” challenged Nora.
“He knows about the demons, Nora,” revealed Stephanie. “They even paid us a visit before you arrived.”
“We must all come in first,” invited Liu Hang. “We are safer inside.” And he disappeared with their little sister.
“I’m not going in there,” warned Peter, but he was alone and quickly followed the others with a puzzled look on his face. He’d just discovered that the surrounding environment appeared quite unfriendly.
“Hey! Wait for me.”



Chapter 25: Liu Hang & the Hsiung-nu
INSIDE the tower was roomier than the outside had suggested and stone steps led one to a lower floor, which actually served as Liu Hang’s living quarters. Here, a small candle glowed on a wall stand in order to bring more light into the room since only the entrance at the top of the steps served for illumination as well as for ventilation. Three wooden stools littered the room and a strange mat completed the furniture. A strange ladder led one into an even lower floor.
“What do you know about the demons?” Matthew asked Liu Hang as he moved to lock the big doors behind Peter. “What did they want from you?”
“The book.”
This only increased their curiosity. Nora sat on a stool with Stephanie and Peter leaned on the wall while Matthew folded his arms beside him. The Gulf War Two veteran sat on the strange mat and filled some traditional cups with hot tea.
“Tea?” he enquired. Only Stephanie took a cup. “It’s green tea,” he informed them. “Very good for your health.”
“On a day like this?” queried Peter. “Please.”
“How did you know we were different?” Nora asked him.
“No living Chinese will risk his life touring the Great Wall with a Hun,” he replied her.
“A Hun?” Peter was surprised.
“The Hsiung-nu,” he explained, sipping his tea. “Barbarians from the north. Emperor Shih-huang-ti erected the wall to fend them off.”
“Mr. Heaver never told us that.”
“Mr. Heaver’s still on it, Peter,” Nora reminded him.
“So who’s the odd guy?” Matthew wanted to know and Peter was fingered out. They quickly realized his dressing was also different. Leather and bear fur. Strangely different.
“Who are you?” Matthew asked the Chinese. “How did you get here?”
“The name’s Liu Hang,” he began without hesitation. “I am American-Chinese and was an American soldier serving in Afghanistan when I suddenly appeared here twelve months ago with no names and no guns or any knowledge whatsoever of modernity.”
“How did you . . . discover yourself?” stressed Nora. “How did you come to know who you really were?”
“It took all those twelve months, because I wasn’t as lucky as you kids to have companions suffering with me,” he answered. “Within this time, I was forced to serve in the Chinese army since I had no relations or family to do this for me, and gradually, I realized I had knowledge my colleagues lacked. Like the benefits of green tea and what an M16 was. This knowledge made no sense to me, though, and I simply saw myself as a very peculiar inventor whose colleagues didn’t understand.” He slipped out many scrolls from behind him and spread a complex diagram of a semiautomatic rifle before them. “There were no materials here to build my ideas so I simply drew them.”
“Wow,” exclaimed Peter. “Did you really draw that?”
The man nodded solemnly and smiled. “I was a US Army engineer and served my country well in the Second Gulf War before joining NATO’s Afghan Command.”
“So, how did you come to know all that?”
Liu’s face darkened and his smile vanished. He stood up to start pacing around. “A few months ago,” he tersely resumed, “my quiet life was seized by the Booklords.”
“The . . . Booklords?” groped Nora.
“Your aptly-named black demons,” revealed Liu Hang. “Devils and Spirits of the Unknown Bookmakers! Tormentors and Killers of the Innocent! Masters of the black art of demonism and separatism! These - These . . . creatures exposed my old self to me and showed me I was no ancient Chinese! They accused me of writing my name in the book the day I disappeared from my military unit in Afghanistan and kept tormenting me for doing this! They demanded the book from me, and when I couldn’t provide it, they killed all my friends, inflicted disease on my family and tortured my soul with their fearful screams and cries! They turned my life into a nightmare! It would have been better for me to be living in hell! It was horrible for me, and they succeeded in making me go mad! I—I lost my sense of sanity.” The man was almost breaking down and Peter felt a tear in his eye, which he quickly robbed off before the others could notice.
“So, how did you find my sister?” gently pressed Matthew.
“I . . . got married here some months ago and gave birth to a daughter,” the unhappy man continued, looking at Stephanie with warmth.
“No way she’s not,” refused Nora, bringing Stephanie closer to herself. “She’s my sister.”
“And you’re right,” agreed their new acquaintance. “As I earlier told you, the Booklords caused my daughter to fall ill two days ago with a terminal sickness and—and she stood up yesterday with a new zeal for life and a new face.”
That was revealingly remarkable, but Matthew’s thoughts had more to do with the book and what the soldier had said about the Booklords and their grotesque visits. A distant encounter with the greedy son of a British captain, whose dreams about the book had obviously been marred by these demonic guests, as well as the notorious revelations of a one-eyed pirate, also came to mind. These two men had also been visited and tormented by tenacious demons in the course of their imposed exile, and the Second Gulf War was equally a theme conspicuously standing out in the various stories they had narrated.
“Stephanie’s visit finally changed me,” resumed Liu after a long pause. “I quickly recalled everything I used to be when I simply held her hand, and she refused to be my daughter or touch any other person when I made her well. This was how I came to enlist in the emperor’s border sentries guarding the Great Wall and move out here so that I won’t be tainted by the original occupants of this ancient land.”
“What of your wife?” questioned Nora. “Had any back home?”
“Dumb question,” intruded Matthew.
“Yes, I did,” the man surprisingly answered, “but as I told you, she didn’t survive the disease we all suffered in the hands of the Booklords.”
They fell silent at this sad news.
“So sorry,” murmured Nora. Liu cleared his throat with effort and pressed ahead with his tale.
“When the Booklords appeared here, I knew something was wrong, because they had gone away with frustration the last time I was harangued. I thought they were either here to finally kill me or take from me this knowledge they had given me about myself, so I was surprised when they only wafted past us without tormenting . . .”
“That must be when they attacked you, Matthew,” interjected Peter.
“Uhuuuh,” agreed the boy, unconsciously turning to their guest. “Did you know a Captain Hayfield?” he thoughtfully enquired.
“Yes, I did,” revealed a startled Liu Hang. “He was my commanding officer in the Gulf War. What about him?”
“What of a . . . Stephen?”
“Steve? Sergeant Steve?” The Chinese guard frowned. “You’ve met Sergeant Steve?”
“His name was also written in the book like yours and fourteen others’,” Matthew agreed.
“Matthew, where’re you coming from?” exclaimed Nora.
“By who?” demanded the American-Chinese.
“Captain Hayfield, I think,” assumed the boy.
“And how do you know it’s him?” quizzed Nora.
“The pen used to write his name was also used for the others.”
“Brilliant,” admired Peter. “How did you know that?”
“Can you show me?” asked Liu Hang.
“We aren’t ready to give it up, yet,” affirmed Nora with some annoyance.
“So you’re with the book?” the man asked her, turning towards her. “So, it is true?”
“Em. . . . Sure it is,” Matthew carefully agreed. “But we’ve sworn to guard it with our lives, you know.”
“I’ll never threaten you for it,” assured the American-Chinese almost too quickly. “I’ve realized I don’t want to go back! I need to forget a lot from my past life, believe me.”
“Like what?” Peter pushed.
“Just know I’ve been of . . . bad military behavior in Iraq,” he summarized. “This might be my punishment from God for this and I’ll never judge the good captain by going back.”
“Great,” Nora said with a sigh. A religious zealot!
“You must go into the mainland if you want to find whoever you’ve been looking for,” he charged them.
“How did you know we were looking for someone?” asked Matthew with a frown.
“Stephanie told me,” replied his older host, who now became serious. “The Booklords will come back,” he warned them. “They’ll do this because they want back the book, so you must be very careful, too.”
“Steph’s coming with us,” Nora warned.
“Of course, I am,” snapped the little girl with offence. “I shouldn’t remain here, should I?”
But before her sister could say something in return, there was a loud thump from above them followed by a metallic clang, which was louder than the thump.
“What’s that?” she rather whispered.
Liu had already brought out his weapon and now gave long sticks to Peter and Matthew. “Wait here with Stephanie,” he told Nora as he quietly scaled the steps with the boys fearfully behind him.
He unlocked the big doors with the same care.
“Who do you think is up there?” Matthew asked him in a toned-down voice.
“HUNS.”
The boy swallowed hard and turned to see whether Peter had attracted some wild behavior to his person, but the Jew simply raised his eyebrows in silent query and he looked away with telling relief.
The doors silently inched open on well-oiled hinges and their host signaled for them to stay back before noiselessly slipping out.
“Matthew, I think we should . . . leave now?” Peter whispered to him with some boldness.
“Why?”
“I—I don’t think I can fight.”
The sudden eruption of swordplay intermingled with battle cries and grunts from above their heads startled them as much as to make them move away from the door and down the narrow steps before staring at each other in wild fright.
“What’s happening?” Nora wanted to know.
It all stopped almost as quickly.
The doors flew open and Liu Hang burst in with the smell of blood. “You must leave now!” he told them. “The Hsiung-nu prepare to invade China!” He rushed down past the boys and went over to his store as the four kids stared at one another.
“We must go home now, Matt,” stated Nora. “We can come back when we know Barbara and the others are safe.”
“You know Mom and Dad won’t let us.”
“And who’s gonna tell them about the book?”
“You?”
“Look,” she pressed on, standing up. “The Huns are killers and—and savages. They take no prisoners.”
“We must go, Matt,” urged Stephanie. “Before it’s too late.”
“And what of Yung Ji?” he asked her. “Who’s gonna save him?”
“Your sister’s right, boy,” advised Liu as he stomped out from his store with a lighted torch. “The Hsiung-nu keep no slaves.”
“What’s with the fire?” enquired Peter.
“To warn the soldiers farther in about this! It’s the only way.”
“But it’s not yet dark! How you gonna do that?”
“The smoke?” The former soldier scaled the steps.
“We can’t leave Yung Ji behind,” Matthew resumed.
“You might have sent the other kids to God-knows-where like your sister, Matthew,” Peter said in support of Nora. “Who knows where?”
“I know what happened to Stephanie,” snapped the younger boy. “I must have placed her finger on Yung Ji’s name by mistake! We have Liu to thank for keeping her safe.”
“We may not have him around next time,” Nora dryly pointed out.
“It remains only three boys, okay?” roared Matthew. “Yung Ji, Fat George and Rupert! We get them, we get out.”
“Can’t you take charge of this, Peter?” his sister asked the fat boy, fuming.
“He’s somehow right, I guess.”
“He’s not! Take the book from him.”
“Why don’t you?” Peter was ever so careful. “You know it’s magical, right? He’ll fry me with it if I try to.”
“I knew you were a coward like Leonard.”
This was unexpected and Peter was shocked.
“I am not a coward, Nora.”
“Yes, you are.”
“No, I’m not.”
“Yes, you are.”
“No, I’m not.”
“Ow, c’mon,” intruded Matthew.
“Yes, you are.”
“No, I’m not.”
“Yes, you are.”
“No, I’m not.”
“Yes, you are.”
“Peter’s no coward!” Stephanie screamed and their bickering stopped. “We won’t get anywhere like this.”
They heard fighting far away.
“Up the stairs,” urged Matthew and they scampered outside together. Two men were fighting on a distant tower. A Chinese with a torch and a Hun. Liu’s fire was already blazing up smoke as he jumped down to aid his colleague.
“Move inwards if you want to live!” he stopped to warn them.
“But we can only find our friend in their midst.”
“Matthew!” railed Nora.
“That’s the truth!” he vented. “It’s been like that with the book.”
The attacking Hun stabbed the Chinese guard twice before he could light his own heap of sticks.
Liu brandished his sword.
“There’s a small door below my room,” he told them. “Escape from there!”
He fell into a trot.
“I want to come with you!” Stephanie cried after him.
“Too dangerous, Steph,” Nora told her and pulled her back into the tower. The Hun had jumped down and was coming their way, grinning. He had powerful arms. Matthew followed Nora as Liu Hang raced towards the man.
“Help me, brother!” the fellow called out to Peter in his tongue and the Jew fled after Matthew in terror.
“I heard him!” he kept saying to himself. “I heard him!”
He ran down to the others now in the tower’s lowest room. Evening was fast approaching and there was little light here.
“Where’s the door?” Nora demanded as she groped around with the others. They could hear both soldiers fighting outside.
“Here!” Matthew announced, pushing it open. The door was small and very low so Peter found it a bit hard to squeeze through after the others.
“More Huns are coming!” Nora informed them, looking up the wall’s length.
“And the Chinese are running away!” Matthew observed along the grassy hills before them. Chinese families were streaming out of the towers with their belongings and children. “We better join them!”
They started running.
A Hun fell in a heap from the top of the wall and Peter picked up his bloody sword before speeding up to the others in top flight.
“Might come in handy!” he begged them when they almost mistook him for an enemy.
They heard a woman scream as she was clobbered to death behind them and their dedication to the race increased.
“You must use the book now, Matthew!” croaked Nora beside him.
“Can’t!” he choked as he ran. “They’ll catch us—if we stop!”
And he was right. Their attackers were killing any peasant they overran.
“I can’t run anymore!” Stephanie suddenly stressed and slowed down.
Nora carried her.
“They’re closing in on us!” she wailed. “What do we do?”
“Lie on the ground!”
“What?”
“Lie on the ground as if dead!” repeated Peter. “Trust me!”
“No way!” objected Stephanie.
“I’ll cover you guys!” he disclosed. “I’m one of them, remember?”
“What are you doing?” Stephanie asked Nora as she fell to the ground with her.
“It’s worth trying out!” she said. “We’ve got no choice.”
“We do—Run!”
“No, we don’t!” seconded Matthew. He’d also fallen down.
Quickly, Peter smeared their clothes with blood from the sword he was with, and as his rogue ‘comrades’ chased their victims past, he mustered all his energy into ‘killing’ these ‘victims’ of his own.
One of them was not fooled by this, though, and stopped to swerve round beside Stephanie with an inquisitive look on his face.
He was the one who had killed Liu Hang. 



Chapter 26: Babro Du Zhang
“EM. . . Uh—They—They’re already dead,” Peter stammered in English when the wild-looking man turned to him. “They . . . died painfully! Yeah, um . . . painfully.” His fright was understandable. He just hoped the guy wouldn’t recognize him as the fellow who’d earlier refused to commit murder with him.
“Who are you?” demanded the wild man in Hunnish.
“What?”
“Which clan do you come from? Pure Blood is my clan.”
“Em. . . I’m Mo Shi, the . . . from the Unknown!”
“Never heard of them, but you are welcome all the same.”
Other fighters of this marauding tribe were turning back with their bloody swords and satisfactory booty, which they had stolen from their targeted enemies after killing them. It was like this was never an invasion as Liu Hang had thought. Just a small incursion by armed robbers.
Peter’s new friend was studying the apparently dead ‘Chinese’ at his feet one by one.
“They’re naked,” he suddenly growled.
“What?”
“They’re naked,” he repeated, glaring at him. “No jewelry or foodstuffs or other goods?”
“Oh, that,” the boy replied in a language that still sounded strange to him. “They must’ve left everything behind! You know. . . . Run for your lives?”
“But you killed them.”
“And?”
“You must have followed them from their home! You should know whether they left in a hurry.”
“Met them running,” he blurted out to save face.
But the Hun wasn’t convinced. He thought he saw Stephanie move and turned his frowning gaze on her for a long time. Nora’s beauty finally caught his fancy and he shifted his eyes to her head with its black flowing hair. Her mouth twitched.
“I think she just moved,” he exclaimed.
“No way she did not,” Peter opposed as if the strength of his frightened voice alone would rubbish this fact. Some of the other Huns coming back had gathered around them wondering what the matter was, and he was finding it hard to remain calm. This was getting out of hand. Nora, please, please don’t move!
His crazy instigator was not ready to give up, though. Placing a foot on Nora’s stomach, he pressed it down.
“Holy Christ!” muttered Peter under his breath. Nora was struggling to breathe while keeping still and every time she breathed out, it became harder to inhale. Now, sweat was actually freely pouring down Peter’s forehead.
“She breathes, eh?” snarled the man, pointing at Stephanie while closely watching his reaction. “She’ll die better with my sword, eh?”
“She’s already dead, you know,” the boy frantically vocalized in English. 
But the Hun had noticed Matthew’s face and had turned all his attention to it. Peter knew what this meant. The nomad must have realized they were the ones with Liu Hang.
“Look, I’ll—I’ll fight you for her if she still lives!”
“What?”
“I’ll . . . fight you for her?” Peter asked himself in astonishment, beginning to appreciate the gravity of what he had just said.
“Brave words,” agreed the barbarian, nodding. “Foolish ones, too! You know I am Babro Du! I will fight you for all of them if they still live.”
Nora started writhing with flailing hands.
“All of them?”

*     *     * 
 
“The Chinese! The Chinese are coming!” announced the last man running back from the plains beyond the Great Wall. “They charge on horses!”
Babro Du grabbed Nora by the arm and another seized Matthew and Stephanie to quickly hurry after their leader.
“Thanks, Peter,” accused Nora in English. “You’ve helped us by making things worse.”
The fat boy couldn’t say a word in defense as he followed behind the group. If only she knew what he’d just committed himself to, he thought, she’d be crying for him instead. A new band of ragtag supporters had surrounded him as they pulled out of the Chinese territory and the reason was quite obvious.
“I am proud of you, my friend!” a short fellow roared behind him, slapping him on the back.
“What for?”
“No one has ever done what you just did for a long time now.”
“Even Mondo has refused to try, even though he is looked upon as our next leader,” began a lean supporter.
“Who’s Mondo?”
He was shown a giant walking alone.
“Throwing away your life in such a courageous manner is something of great honor to the Hsiung-nu,” continued the short man. “And what is better than challenging our great leader, Babro Du Zhang, himself, eh, Gojan?”
Peter coughed unconsciously. Leader? Great?
“Don’t worry,” consoled the lean Gojan. “Your death will be quick and painless.”
The raiders left the enemy’s border walls with her dead littered behind it and rapidly distanced themselves from this scene of cold-blooded destruction. They had already gone far when the Chinese cavalry came up to the area, cursing themselves for being too late.
Contrary to the claim Liu Hang had made against them, the Huns had taken some prisoners with them, apart from the Quentins, that is. These were mostly women and children, and the burden of carrying the stolen goods the robbers had pillaged from their dead kinsmen and kinswomen had been transferred to them.
Nora kept glaring at Peter from time to time as they moved farther away from the only established civilization in the area and he found it hard to say anything lest he should draw the attention of his so-called supporters to the conversation. She saved this situation by mouthing her words instead.
“You betrayed us.”
“I’m not better off, either.”
“Just what the hell were you thinking?”
“He was gonna kill you, that’s what he said.”
And she looked away in her usual style.
The girl was a shrew, concluded Peter. He should have as well left her beneath that foot.
“Halt,” ordered Babro Du with a raised right arm in front of the small party. Peter realized they had been turning and twisting further into a wilderness of rice paddies terraced into hills for a long time now. None of the few farmers on these fields had looked at them as they were passing through and he’d found himself wondering whether these ordinary folks were members of the clan as well. Now they stood facing a deep, wide valley harboring a narrow path on one of the mountains that created it, and it was this route the Hun leader intended to take.
“Aren’t we there yet, Matt?” Stephanie enquired from her brother, looking weary and lost.
“Guess we are,” he whispered to her. “Just hold on in there.”
“Stop talking,” the man with them snarled. Babro Du had started on the mountainous path with Nora and the small party resumed their journey behind this two. The girl hadn’t said a word since they left the border walls of the Ch’in, because doing that would have been suicidal, but she’d been muttering curses underneath her breath whenever her annoyance reached a climax.
“Home,” someone suddenly announced in a baritone voice when they finally got to the foot of the mountain.
“How farther can we be from the truth?” sadly whispered Matthew, who was bemused by the lack of any house-like structure in the valley. Although he had never seen so many horses in one place, he knew this was no alternative for their home. He also felt tired and wanted to rest his feet. However, Stephanie became livelier as they mingled with the horses and their owners.
The two mountains forming the valley had many caves of various sizes at their bases and it was in these that the barbarians kept their few belongings and loot, their wives and kids.
“Tie up the prisoners,” ordered the Hun leader, taking a swig from a small leather bag of local brew. “Separate the three for the fight and put them in the cage.” And he glared at his fat opponent, who appeared to have already started gathering like-minded fools to himself.
Matthew and his siblings were soon hurdled in the small animal cage. Stephanie slept off immediately, but the other two stayed awake.
“They didn’t take the book,” the boy slyly whispered to Nora. “That’s a good sign! We must now make Peter find Yung Ji.”
“You still actually believe he’s here?” Nora asked him with a frown. “And don’t bother about Peter—he’s a worthless investment.”
The fat Jew was surrounded by Huns helping him choose a suitable sword for his last duel on Earth. They sadly watched him for some time before Matthew broke the silence again.
“What’s he doing?”
“No idea.”
“They don’t have kids.”
“What?”
“The Huns. I see no kids with them. No . . . mothers.”
“They’re all in the caves. I’ve seen them.”
“Then why are we outside?”
It started raining.
“That’s why,” Nora pointed out. Their captors wanted to break their spirits by drenching them first and probably starving them for a long time. This was a very interesting recipe for slave production, she thought.
The rain stirred up Stephanie and the three of them embraced one another for warmth as the drizzle continued. They watched the horses being driven into a huge, deep cave.
“Those farmers in the mountains could be working for them,” Matthew said, shivering.
“They must have suffered this, too,” agreed a jittery Nora. Peter was still with his new friends and she was curious to know what on earth he was discussing with these barbarians, even though the whole picture was somewhat boring. She only envied their cave shelter.
“How did you know?”
“Know what?”
“That he was the Persian guard?”
“He burped.”
“Oh.”
“Though I can’t believe I saved him from historical extinction,” she added after some thought.
The subject had succeeded in shaking off his admirers and came hurrying over to the cage in the rain.
“Hey,” he whispered, looking around at the busy nomadic settlement. Their hosts appeared unconcerned with this action of his. “Look, we’ve gotta go now! Things are getting a bit hot around here.”
“You must find Yung Ji before we do that,” declared Matthew.
“Not here.”
“Did you look?” stepped in Stephanie.
“We would’ve found him by now if he’s here! So he’s not.”
“Supported,” agreed Nora.
“I’m not leaving here without Yung Ji,” affirmed Matthew with a stubborn countenance. “There’re kids in those caves.”
“Gojan said they’re all girls,” Peter revealed. “The boys go away to learn horse riding and fighting skills.”
“Who’s Gojan?” demanded Nora.
“One of them?” he replied.
“I’m still not convinced,” Matthew repeated.
“What’s cooking?” Nora suddenly perceived with a sniff.
“Is that smoke from you, Matt?” began Stephanie, noticing the fumes rising up from him.
“Whoa!” he cried, realizing what was wrong in earnest. “The book’s on fire!” He pulled out the smoldering scroll and involuntarily dropped it on the cage’s floor where the slight breeze fanned up tongues of flame from it. This startled the Huns around into coming out from their caves and leveling out spears towards them.
The cage caught fire.
This despite the rain.
“Get us out!” Nora screamed at Peter.
“H-How?”
He was pushed aside by the gargantuan Mondo who had a spiky club with him. The cage’s front came off with one heavy swing and the three captives sprang out of the burning structure, coughing and blinking. Matthew made to retrieve the papyrus, but the Hun had already done so with his fearsome weapon.
“Give that back!” he urged the guy in Chinese but was completely ignored.
“A magic scroll, eh?” Babro Du grinned as he was handed the item on the tip of a bronze spear. It was still burning and the Hun propped up the spear’s shaft on the soft soil to admire the picture in the rain. “Perhaps it would have helped your magicians to locate you,” he told Nora, “but then, no Chinese soldier had ever dared enter these parts.”
“What’s he saying?” Nora asked Peter, looking at the Hun leader in order not to attract attention.
“That we’re lost?” he replied. “Thanks to Matthew, here.”
“And what have you done yourself?” she accused him. “You couldn’t even save us from a burning cage!”
“You guys said the fire was harmless! Heartwarming?”
“The cage fire was not,” Matthew informed him. “You felt the heat yourself, didn’t you?”
Babro Du had stopped talking and was studying the four of them. They noticed this and Peter moved away.
“He cannot save you now,” the Hun chief told the remaining three. “He already has an appointment with death by nightfall today.”
This attracted bouts of laughter from all around him. Raucous laughter.
“What’re they laughing at?” Stephanie asked Matthew. “Why can’t we understand them?”
“‘Cause they all speak Hunnish and we don’t?” he suggested, turning his attention to the brightly lit scroll and feeling about his waist for signs of skin burn. This could be the last time he was going to hide that thing in his garment! “We must get it back,” he declared.
“And do what after that?” blasted Nora. “Find Yung Ji? You could’ve helped us out, you know.”
“By doing what?”
“By making the right decisions, Bonehead.”
She realized too late that she was shouting. The Huns had fallen silent and their leader walked up to the three kids with a puzzled look on his face. Stephanie tightly hugged Matthew as they stood there before him, evoking a pathetic image in their soaked Chinese attire. He looked into their faces with open wonder.
“You don’t look like Chinese! You don’t even speak their tongue like them,” he remarked. “Perhaps you speak magic, eh? You regret and complain amongst yourselves! That will not help you.”
“They—They deserve to be sheltered,” Peter shouted at him with some courage and his own supporters nodded their agreement.
“Not good, Peter, not good,” muttered Nora, shaking her head at him.
“Do you think he’ll get . . . mad at us?” Matthew asked her.
“He’s already mad.”
Babro Du glared at Peter for a long time, visibly angered by this opposition coming from him. A rift had even appeared in the ranks of his men due to this fat challenger and he clenched his fists in wild rage.
“That will be decided by the fight,” he decided and turned to his men. “The prize for the fight wants to escape before the fight has been fought,” he growled at them. “Tie them up so that they cannot.” And he glanced at Peter again before walking away with his closest colleagues.
“What’re they going to do with us?” whispered Stephanie as her hands were secured behind her back. “Tame us to be slaves?”
“Maybe,” Nora shrugged, glowering at Peter. What? he mouthed and her eyes widened. “This is all your fault,” she told him. “You like what’s happening to Stephanie, huh? Why do you keep making things worse for us?”
“I’m just trying to help, Nora.”
“Well, I’m trying to figure out how you really intend to do that,” she stormed, ignoring the Huns laughing at her ranting.
“Mo Shi, where did you learn Chinese?” one of them asked Peter.
“I grew up in China,” he replied.
“Is that where you met her?” Gojan asked him, laughing. Nora kept looking from him to Peter. “She will be a hell of a wife.”
“What did he just say?” she queried Peter.
“You’ll be a hell of a wife,” he interpreted and dejectedly walked away.
The three Quentins were pushed into the midst of the other Chinese prisoners and completely forgotten by their captors.
Such was the way of the Hsiung-nu. 



Chapter 27: The Fight
NIGHTFALL and Mondo roughly woke the three of them.
The Huns were lighting grass torches from the glowing scroll and forming a round ring with these, and this sight was breathtaking enough to clear the sleep from their eyes.
The rain had also stopped.
“Why is the book still on fire?” Stephanie asked Matthew.
“The Booklords,” he replied with conviction. “They must be lurking in the dark around us and—and waiting for the flames to go out.”
“I won’t let them take it.”
“We have the fire to thank for that,” said Nora. Her ropes were biting into her wrists and she hated that. “What the hell’s happening over there?” she wondered.
“A local game, I guess,” Matthew replied. “Hey, where’s Peter?”
“Over there behind those men,” she showed him, extending her neck towards the said direction. “He’s still holding that sword we saw him with in the evening.”
“Is he?” Matthew asked. “What’s he up to? Will the game be a fight?”
“Will Peter be in this fight?” suggested Stephanie.
“I hope not,” Nora quickly rejected, jerking her head towards the younger girl with surprise. “He’s not cut out for that type of thing! Believe me; he’ll die before the fight even starts! He can’t be thinking of doing that to himself, can he?” And she turned back with satisfaction to see the coward receiving a wooden shield. “Can he?” she whispered to herself and blinked twice to be sure of what she was witnessing.
“Why would he do that?” blurted out Matthew. Nora shook her head in disbelief.
“He chickens out of ordinary school fights, believe me—I know this guy,” she stammered. “There’s no way he’s gonna go in there even if . . . even if his life depends on it! Unless . . . .”
“Unless someone’s life depends on it?” proposed Matthew. “Is he fighting for us?”
They were threatened to stand up with spears and forced towards the ring by Mondo and another terrible-looking barbarian. Peter saw them coming and tried to steady his shaking hands. Gojan had told him a winner emerged from the fight only when he had either killed or incapacitated his opponent and he’d decided to feign a serious wound halfway into the whole thing.
Nora didn’t know about this arrangement of his, though, and remained dumbfounded as they were pushed into the ring for all to see before the deadly display. To her he was about to do what she never thought anyone would be prepared to do for her in this crazy adventure. What Leonard could never do when the opportunity was given him. What none of her friends had ever done for her in her entire life!
“The ultimate sacrifice,” she murmured to herself, watching him strap brass armor to his arms and legs outside the ring. Although the blazing torches around them were a welcome advantage to their wet clothes and cold skin, she still shivered inside with the anticipation of what could happen next.
“Why did he keep this from us?” cried a sad Stephanie.
“’Cause he knows he might get killed, Steph,” replied a forlorn Matthew. 
If only he had said something, thought Nora, perhaps she would’ve restrained her sharp tongue from scolding him or calling him a coward. Now it was too late.
Their ropes were untied and Mondo took them round the ring as the onlookers cheered them on. Women and children had joined the men from the caves, but the Chinese prisoners were still crudely tied up on the wet ground outside the warm circle the fiery torches provided. A very short man emerged from the gathered crowd. He appeared to be very popular.
“This is the prize for the fight,” he announced as Mondo continued pushing them round and round amidst the roaring, jeering and yelling emanating from the spectators. “Whoever wins gets them as his slaves.”
Matthew’s feet were beginning to ache from the walk, but his eyes continued scouring the little faces that had appeared all over the place either holding smaller ones or in the arms of their mothers. He wasn’t surprised to see that the boys were also present.
The huge Hun stopped them in the ring’s middle and Nora picked up a tired Stephanie while Matthew kept up his search for Yung Ji. Both ill-placed duelists finally entered the ring and their supporters went wild.
“Behold the brave ones,” proclaimed the short fellow in his deep bass. “Babro Du of Pure Blood and his challenger; Mo Shi, the Unknown!”
Peter’s muscular opponent acknowledged the wild response his people were putting up for him, but the fat boy dared not turn to the crowd at the mention of his chosen name. He was already doing enough by withholding himself from tearing out of the ring and running for his dear life!
The shield and sword in his hands felt very heavy. Too heavy for his lethargic arms and sweaty palms. Too heavy for the duel he was about to face. Too heavy for his weakened spirit and fear-induced, beating heart.
“I am Babro Du Zhang of Pure Blood,” agreed his popular adversary, thumping his chest with so much pride as he turned round and round for all to see. “I deserve to be called your leader and will prove it with one swing of my sword this very night.”
And he was cheered the more.
“Babro Du! Babro Du! Babro Du!” his clansmen and majority of the people continued shouting.
“Mo Shi! Mo Shi! Mo Shi!” his enemies sang behind Peter. They were very few. Not the number one needed to win such a duel, he thought, especially when there was a lack of battle experience on one’s fat, youthful face.
Matthew also noticed this. Peter looked so naïve and immature in the heavy armor he wore.
“He doesn’t look the part!” Stephanie said to him.
“Yeah, I know,” he replied, his eyes still looking for Yung Ji amongst the people. “He’s not gonna make it!”
Peter watched them as they were moved to the side before two men took up positions on their flanks. Their faces indicated a sadness he knew to be related to his predicament and he suddenly hated himself for choosing to fight for them. It would’ve been better if Matthew had listened to Nora back in Liu Hang’s watchtower. All this wouldn’t be happening now if he had reasoned with her then.
But what was he doing now? It seemed he was trying to get across a message with his eyes and mouth. Those eyes were like trying to draw his toward a certain direction over and over again. Where? Near the Hun chief? What was he . . . mouthing, no—shouting? Yung Ji?
Yung Ji?
There was a young boy of Matthew’s height standing behind his opponent with a beautiful lady.
Could he be Yung Ji?
Another reincarnation?
“Wait!” he called out to the short Hun officiating the fight, who was going on and on about the rules, and everyone fell silent.
Peter pointed at the boy. “I will fight for him, too!” he bravely challenged before cowering down. “That is, if you will allow me to!” he quickly added for Babro Du Zhang.
Silence swallowed all around him.
“Not good, Peter, not good!” muttered Nora for the second time that day, shaking her head at him.
“What did he just say?” pondered Matthew.
“How dare you challenge me for my son?” pondered an enraged Babro Du, who was also stupefied by the affront. “How dare you do this before my people? I will hand him over myself if I fail to kill you this very night!”
Peter wanted to tell him the boy was not his son before realizing how foolish that would look, so he puffed up his chest and glared at his angry opponent with fright.
“You—You don’t scare me!” he affirmed in a scared voice. “I can face you anytime!”
“So be it,” agreed the short referee moving away from the open circle. “Let the fight begin!”
“So—So soon?” demanded Peter, sweat appearing on his forehead again. His opponent was already advancing to meet him on his side of the ring and his knees buckled. The sword in his right hand became ten times heavier and his shield almost pulled him to the ground.
Babro Du had lifted his weapon with both hands in order to strike once as he had promised his people, but Peter raised the shield before he could be severely wounded. The wooden shield shattered and he was brought down with the force.
“You’re just a boy!” laughed the Hun.
“He’s just a boy!” muttered Matthew in protest and Nora sadly nodded in agreement. The fight was not on even terms and that was not fair.
Peter picked himself up again, holding his sword with both hands, and awaited his rival’s next move. His heart was jumping in his chest and his hands were shaking terribly. His arms were so unruly and kept jerking about. Even before the outlaw had taken two steps towards him, he’d lost the loose grip he had on his weapon and the heavy tool clattered to the soft ground between them.
“Please don’t kill me!” he begged with raised hands, ignoring the laughter this action of his was generating all around him.
“Pick it up and fight!” the nomad dared him and stepped back to give him space, breathing hard. This was one of the rules.
The boy stooped and picked up the heavy sword again. He tried to swerve an arch with it. He achieved only a poor line and quickly leveled it in his foe’s direction with determination.
It hit him like a bolt of thunder! Of course, that was the problem! The sword was too heavy for him! His fear only grew from this physical inability!
“I need another sword!” he shouted at Gojan.
“What’s he saying?” Stephanie asked Nora.
“I think he’s given up!” she replied with alarm.
“I think he’s changing his weapon,” allayed Matthew.
The new sword was a short, dagger-like one Peter could freely swing around, and though it appeared less of a threat to the Hun he was facing, it gave him back his confidence in ways only he could appreciate.
“Why can’t he just give up?” questioned Matthew.
“’Cause he’s saving your ass?” defended Stephanie.
“Giving up may not be in the rules,” suggested Nora, although she wanted to know the truth like her adopted brother. Peter must not throw away his life when the book could still create other escape routes for them should they survive to retrieve it.
That reminded her.
The scroll.
Its flames were dimming.
For a fleeting moment, she felt their invisible presence inside the ring and around the people gathered there, but then the magic fire rekindled itself and they vanished. Disappeared. Completely.
Both fighters in the ring were vigorously pursuing their hostile engagement when she shook herself out of this mad vision. She discovered she was unconsciously holding her breath and a wave of nostalgia swept through her.
The sound of metal on metal pervaded the air. Her classmate was turning out a far better swordsman than anyone had ever assumed he was and the fact that his aloof opponent had already swung his blade more than once in this second, smoother round of fighting attested to this.
“Dog of the Ch’in!” cursed Babro Du Zhang during a short pause. “You will not humiliate me before my people!”
“I hope not!” quickly agreed a livelier, but more pessimistic, Peter, who was also closely watching his every step. “What if we call a truce?”
The Hun’s eyes turned to slits.
“Guess not!”
He dodged an incoming cut powered by massive muscles and blocked a second one meant to tear open his chest while on one knee. He couldn’t block the unfair kick, though, and crashed to the ground writhing in pain and holding his side.
Nora’s hand was on her mouth and Mondo sadly shook his head. Gojan watched in alarm as his leader strode over to the boy quickly backing away and kicked away the weapon he was trying to reach. Peter blocked a fatal jab with a piece of his broken shield, but the barbarian withdrew his blade and shattered the wood with his left fist, before pinning his opponent to the ground using his right foot.
“Now I can finish this!” he snarled and raised his sword with both arms, intent on ending it all with just one last stroke.
But his eyes suddenly popped out of their sockets and his blade fell off his hands before he lost his balance and slumped to the right of his defeated challenger.
Mondo had driven in the dagger.

*     *     * 

“That’s one rescue I would’ve never seen!” Peter croaked as he was helped up while holding his side. Gojan had dismissed the crowd and now stood with Mondo and some other highly placed barbarians near the dead man’s body, arms akimbo. The torches continued burning.
“Why did they have to wait till the very end before killing him?” Stephanie asked Peter.
“I don’t know,” he painfully confessed, watching some men remove the body with the others. The kind Gojan sighed and turned to him, looking him over.
“You are now safe, my friend,” the nomad told him in case he hadn’t realized that. “None is above our laws and we had to silence him for that blow you received to your side! It was unjust.”
“I fully agree with you, Gojan,” craftily interjected the fat Jew.
“The prize for the fight is now yours, and everything your opponent possessed in his lifetime, including his wives and children,” continued the Hun.
“Everything? His . . . wives?” The burning scroll caught his eyes. “And that?”
“We have no need for Chinese magic, my friend,” reassured Gojan. “Ours is superior. Your slaves can take back what is theirs.”
“What’s he saying, Peter?” asked Matthew, puzzled.
“Go get the scroll.”
A group of women and children had gathered near a cave with a richly decorated interior and his attention was drawn to them. “His wives and children,” reminded Gojan. “You can give them to Mondo if you don’t want them.”
“I’ll take only Yung Ji.”
“Who?”
“Uh—that one,” he pointed out with Nora’s help and the boy was immediately separated from his mother, who looked as unconcerned as she felt. He would have chosen her as well for her beauty if Nora hadn’t looked so jealous. “I shall also take his cave,” he told the Huns.
“His cave is for our next leader, Mo Shi,” reminded Gojan solemnly. “Remember your foe defeated you even though he never killed you! Since Mondo killed him, he is our next leader, Mo Shi.”
Peter regretted missing the rules when the short guy was reading them out. “I understand, Gojan,” he said. “Such is the way of Pure Blood.”
“You will take my cave instead,” revealed Mondo in a weak voice, which belied his mountainous shape.
“Where is it?” Peter thankfully asked.
He was shown a small one standing alone.
“You can now retire with your slaves and prize, Mo Shi,” Gojan told him. “Your new belongings will be brought to you from your enemy’s cave this night.”
“Is it much?”
“Stop asking for her, Peter,” urged Nora in English. “You know she’ll never fit into Sleepy Lake.”
“And who told you I was doing just that?”
“Well . . . I thought I saw her blush.” 



Chapter 28: Marcos
MATTHEW uprooted the spear on which Babro Du had stuck up the burning scroll from the soft ground and retrieved it. The Huns keeping night watch and some of the Chinese prisoners wide-awake stared at him with awe as he pulled out the rolled up papyrus from the weapon’s sharp tip and unrolled it despite the dancing flames.
“It’s torn,” observed Stephanie, admiring the harmless fire.
“We can still use it,” he told her, rolling it up. The spear had gone through many layers of the material and he had to do this carefully in order to avoid another tear. “C’mon.”
“What do we do now?”
“We send Yung Ji home and look for Fat George and Rupert.” He didn’t tell her she was going home as well.
Peter was still holding his side when they came up to the small cave and a Hun handed Stephanie one of the torches from the ring still alight. Mondo’s two wives and five children were moving their belongings out of the cave and Yung Ji was watching them with foreboding. Stephanie made to go to him and Matthew stopped her.
“We cannot risk him knowing now, Steph,” he warned her. “We must do this inside the cave and out of sight.”
The barbarian guards around thought the Chinese boy didn’t want his sister to go near a Hun and glared at him.
“Matthew’s right, Steph,” Nora told her little sister, and they all turned their eyes on her. “Uh—sorry,” she quickly apologized.
Stephanie relaxed, shrugging off the incident and nodding at Matthew. “What of the Booklords?” she asked him.
“I don’t know. Haven’t seen them since.”
“They disappeared during the fight,” supplied Nora. “I guess they gave up when the flames refused to go out.”
“They must be watching us,” Peter said, resting his head on Nora’s shoulder. “I feel—feel so weak.”
One of Mondo’s wives nodded at Nora and between them, they helped the struggling Peter into the cave, the woman’s younger ones and Yung Ji closely behind her. As soon as Nora entered the cave, she realized its interior was bigger than they had all thought outside. Even big enough for Mondo, himself. Only its entrance still looked too small for him, she concluded.
The scroll’s mysterious fire was dying out and Stephanie handed Nora the torch when it finally did.
“We must now be quick,” Matthew warned. “We can’t allow the Booklords to meet us here.”
“We must now send you home, Peter,” Nora told her fat friend, helping him to sit down on the only bed-like structure in the place.
“I’m not injured, you know,” he protested. “I’m just . . . tired, that’s all.”
Yung Ji sat beside him, looking lost.
“You’ve done enough for us already, Peter,” said Matthew. “You must go home now.”
“Yeah, you’ve helped us a lot,” Nora agreed with pure gratitude. “We—We couldn’t have gotten here without you.” She meant it and stooped to kiss him on the cheek.
Stephanie rolled her eyes and looked away, giggling, and Matthew unfolded the scroll again, ignoring her.
Yung Ji was the first to go before he could realize what was really happening, and then Peter followed him with a big smile on his face. He would miss them all.
It was then they all saw the blood on the bed.
“Oh, no,” wailed Nora. “He must’ve been wounded!”
“He can’t go back home with that, you know,” Matthew allayed.
“What do you mean?” whined Stephanie.
“He was injured in Greece, remember?” he told her. “He didn’t come here with his wounds—it all disappeared.” He stooped to break off a small twig from the branch of a shrub used to make the bed. “It’s now your turn, Steph.”
“No, it’s not,” the little girl said. “I might end up in the desert this time! I want to be with you guys.”
“Nora?”
“She’s—She’s got a point,” Nora surprised him with. “We . . . don’t want that happening again, do we?”
“Of course not.” He sighed, rubbing off Peter’s blood on the twig.
“What’s with the stick?”
“Dealing with Xerxes?” he replied. “Let’s send him back from his time.”
Stephanie’s eyes were huge. “But—But we’ll change history,” she warned. “We should be looking for Fat George now and—and not doing this.”
“Mr. Heaver says Xerxes is a Greek transliteration of a Persian word, Matt,” agreed Nora. “It may not work,”
“And yet it just might,” he argued. “He slapped you, remember? Think of all those we might be saving by doing this.”
“They’ll still die before we get back home,” dryly reasoned Stephanie.
“Persia might fall sooner than it did,” he shot back. “That is revenge enough.”
“And how would you know if it does?”
“Nora?”
All eyes turned to the older girl. She was the joker.
“Nora?” Stephanie reminded her when it became obvious that she was wasting time.
“Uh—Do it,” she told Matthew and grabbed Stephanie’s hand just in case.
Matthew wrote ‘Xerxes’ on the scroll.
Nothing happened.
“You see,” he told Stephanie as he rolled up the scroll. “We must’ve sent him out of Greece by now.”
“Aren’t you forgetting something?” she asked him. “We have to leave now?”
“Right—sorry.” He quickly spread out the papyrus again. All the names were now glowing and that was somehow comforting.
Someone coughed near the entrance.
“I’ll take care of it,” Nora announced before the other two could air their views and swiftly moved to the cave’s mouth.
It was a night watch.
“Tell your master that Gojan regrets to tell him his rival’s belongings can only be brought here tomorrow. There is a Council of War, and he is requested to join the Elders in Mondo’s cave immediately,” the man delivered in Hunnish.
She nodded and turned back into the cave.
“That was risky,” Matthew told her with admiration.
“What did he say?” Stephanie asked her, frowning.
“Mumbo jumbo, what else? Look we’ve gotta go now,” she stressed instead.
“Okay,” replied Matthew, having noted Fat George’s name. “Hold hands.”
He was obeyed and he touched the name.
Nothing happened. His head started aching again.
“What now?” he panicked, holding his head with one hand.
“You should be telling us,” snapped Stephanie.
“We might have gone off without knowing it,” suggested Nora.
“I must’ve used up all my fingers,” said Matthew.
“Let me try,” proposed Stephanie, and the ritual was repeated.
Still, nothing happened.
“Let’s see what’s outside,” suggested Nora, and she moved to the cave’s mouth. She was in time to see black-cloaked figures coming down the small pathway leading to the cave and turned away with alarm.
“The Booklords are coming!” she whispered uneasily. “We must get out now!” She doused the torch by rubbing it on the ground.
“What of the Huns?” asked Stephanie half-heartedly.
“We’ll try and slip through them,” Matthew told her, grabbing her hand. He couldn’t understand why the book had failed to help them this time, but he knew they must not end up like Liu Hang.
They could only make it to the door before it was blocked by these creatures from the underworld.
“No way out?” shrieked Nora as they backed away from this exit. She looked down at the only available weapon, which she had mistakenly quenched with good intent.
It was no good as a stick.
“What now?” cried Stephanie with fright. “There’s no other way out!”
“And the book is worthless here!” exclaimed Matthew, watching his backward steps. The black figures were cramming into the cave as they withdrew from them. These particular tormentors looked and moved like human beings, but beyond this they could not be discerned any further. He held Stephanie, who had her arms tightly wrapped around him, and his brain refused to find a solution to the situation.
“We’re goners!” screamed Nora with frustration. “It’s all over!”
Solid rock stopped their retreat and they were overpowered.

*     *     * 

The thick brown sacks were pulled off their heads and they discovered they had been taken to another place and time by the book without knowing it. This they could easily tell with the view that swept across their eyes when they adjusted to the light flooding in through many glass windows, and of course, the Huns never had glass windows on the rocky walls of their temporary cave dwellings!
They were sitting on the floor of a sizeable hall resting on one another’s backs, and the strong rope going round their waists several times to hold the three of them together was as effective in restraining them as the terrifying meaning of its ominous presence in the whole picture. Obviously, it was top priority for their captors to prevent their escape by any available means and in any way possible as this could spell trouble for them if it ever happened.
These hooded men now stood motionless around them, dangling what looked like long whips from their right hands and holding the brown bags in their lefts, while a lone figure stood on a high podium in the farthest end of the hall, his outlined face an unfamiliar one.
This man was staring at one of the tall windows decorating the hall’s lengthy, opposing walls, and as he turned to start coming down the wide flight of stony steps before the platform, the children realized they were in the nave of a traditional church.
“Let me guess—Cardinal Marcos?” began Nora.
“I used to be, mademoiselle,” he jovially agreed, languidly taking his forward, downward steps one at a time. “Until, that is, I was excommunicated by the Pope and a very unfortunate incident brought me down here some years ago.”
This one was creepy, thought Stephanie. He’d been here more than a year!
“What do you want from us?” Matthew demanded from him.
“It’s a pity you came across the most powerful book in history—more notable than even the Christian Bible—and failed to appreciate this, no?” he remarked in a constrained Frenchy voice. “It’s a pity you three have also stalled my plans for a very long time now without knowing it.” He sounded rather angry in his Frenchy English and the Quentins waited in dreadful anticipation for him to come up.
Just like the monks watching over them, his tall, stout figure was dressed in a black monastic garment, which exposed only his head and hands and nothing more. His cleanly shaven face was crowned with a bald head under which were deeply set eyebrows sheltering penetrating blue eyes. His nose was straight and strong and his jaws were bold and firm—another indication of one used to getting his way no matter what opposed him.
He looked menacingly imposing as he stopped before them and painted a thinly veiled smile across his lips. The hard jaws belied the warmth he was trying to exude.
“What now?” Stephanie couldn’t help asking him and he suddenly spun away on his heels, still trying to smile.
“First, we’ll start with a brief history of the book, right?”
“The book?” started Matthew, realizing it was no longer in his possession.
“Yes,” he agreed, lifting it up for the boy to see. “This is as old as the papacy, you know.”
“Wow,” dryly blurted out Nora. What else could be more interesting?
“It was made by a Jewish sect of book makers and book binders known as the Sicarii Kabbalah Masada, after Constantine the Great, part-emperor of Rome, accepted Christianity and issued the Edict of Milan with his co-emperor, Licinius.”
Nora sighed. How lucky were they to have met a historian this time! “And when was that?” she enquired.
“313 A.D.”
“So where are we?” Matthew cut in and the priest turned to glare at him.
“You are in France in the nineteenth century, mon ami,” he slowly replied. “I was sent here by a grave error, which I have come to regret these past few years.”
He fell into deep thought for a short while before raising the book for all to see and resuming his historical tale with smooth flourish. “This book was made when papyrus was the preferred medium for storing written material, but its pages also underwent a secret toughening process its maker never divulged before his death.
“After this, the book was bestowed unearthly powers that transform it into typical book forms of the age it finds itself in when in use; this makes it easier for the wielder, no?”
“Wow,” exclaimed Matthew, his adopted sisters staring at him. “No wonder it kept changing form,” he continued with excitement, completely ignoring them. This behavior encouraged the former priest, who turned to him with a smile before resuming his lecture.
“Its cover is from the toughest leather then, monsieur,” he aired with confidence. “You must appreciate it was bound even before the first known Roman codex was produced, yes?”
“And what’s a Roman codex?” wondered the boy. “Why do you think the book was made before this?”
“Because I know,” the tall man snapped at him, the smile fading completely. “What if I tell you it took these people ten years to arrive at this book? What will you say to that, eh?”
“Ten years?” Nora was staring at the book with incredulity. “Now, we’re getting somewhere.”
“You don’t believe me, do you?” observed the former cardinal. “I know you have met the Booklords, no?” He took their silence as a ‘yes’ and turned away from them again. “Those vile creatures are demons who were once angels,” he began and the children exchanged glances. He walked over to a painting of Jesus Christ standing on a bloodied Satan and carefully studied the fresco. “They assumed God was unjust in his dealings with the Jews and wanted to help them regain their Old Testament glory, hence they employed the services of the Sicarii Kabbalah Masada when Constantine became part ruler of Rome.
“Around this time, Christianity was flourishing under Rome and the Jews were being persecuted all over the empire! The Sicarii Masada, which was a fanatical Jewish sect, was working undercover to assassinate the Roman emperor, himself. So they were contacted by these heavenly servants—whose desire to help had driven them into an unholy alliance with the devil—and promised a fiendish spell of many evil powers, which Satan, the devil, had agreed to provide under one single condition.”
“And what condition was that?” asked Nora.
“That they must win over God’s heavenly servants for him within a given time after he had done his part, right?”
The Quentins were speechless. They never knew the book’s history had such ominous undertones.
“Members of this Jewish cult were told to secretly study the Kabalistic teachings of the time and make books using a procedure hitherto unknown to established civilizations and Roman codex makers of those days,” continued the man, “and this was how they came to be known as Bookmakers or Bookbinders by those trusted Jewish leaders intimated of their existence, objectives and supreme goal.”
“So how did they come about this particular book?” Nora asked him, now fully engrossed by this interesting tale.
“It took them ten years to get it right, mademoiselle,” he continued less dramatically. “Within those ten years, many books were produced and discarded, because they could not withstand the strength of the mighty spell Satan wanted to bestow on them! The story has it, however, that a young Bookmaker called Jehoash came up with a very tough material he processed from papyrus to make the pages of this book. It received the spell without much trouble and was hailed by the Sicarii Masada as godsend.”
“What’s this spell all about?” Matthew suddenly wondered.
“It bears the evil power of Shurabi or Reversed Reincarnation, which I also call Reversed Transmigration, or better still, Reversed Metempsychosis,” revealed the priest with pride. “This had the core understanding that an individual can live so many times after each death and could be sent back in history through these various places and times, and even beyond man’s early days on Earth, whenever his name was written on a book blessed with the Shurabi.”
“I seee,” exclaimed Stephanie.
“How is this possible?” Nora asked, still trying to comprehend the mystery behind the black book.
“With Lucifer’s help, the angels imparted this spell into invisible Hebrew words they inscribed on the pages of the book, thereby transferring the spell to the book,” said the former catholic father.
“So if you know the words, you know the spell, right?”
“And you take control of the book, yes?” he agreed, nodding.
“Why are you telling us all this?”
Marcos stiffened and his sad smile reappeared.
“For the fun of seeing you regret your recent actions, mademoiselle,” he replied, grinning slyly. “For the sake of seeing you realize what you have missed due to your ignorance all this while the book has been with you, my dear, and to show you why I must leave you here when I go back.”
“So you’ve got a point there,” she agreed, shrugging it off. “We can never think of getting back the book or even using it while tied up like this. You’ll always have the book, so what will you do with it?”
“Not so fast, my friend,” the former catholic priest warned her, obtaining her unequivocal silence with his menacing tone and wagging finger. “Remember you’re my prisoner and we must not jump the story, right? Right! I only answer your questions because I like the . . . the history.” He turned away to stare through one of the windows in his peaceful, dreamy countenance. “I was able to unravel the invisible Hebrew on the book’s pages when I was in Rome and this helped me shed more light on the mysterious spell,” he continued. “This was how I came to control the book.”
“But you’ve jumped the story,” Stephanie pointed out in a small voice.
“Sorry, where was I?” He was asking everybody there, but the monks shook their heads in ignorance. He spoke with them in French for some time before focusing on his prisoners again. “Yes, the Sicarii Masada just received this gift from God, so they thought,” he brightened. “And in the light of this ‘gift,’ they added ‘Kabbalah’ to their name. Sicarii Kabbalah Masada.”
“Why?” asked Matthew.
“The Kabbalah is a Jewish form of mysticism based on studies of the scriptures for occult references to God, the universe and its establishment,” explained their kidnapper. “It also promotes the belief in reincarnation, or transmigration, and . . . and its earliest known form originated from the 1st century as a modification of an existing form of Greek astral mysticism, in which the adroit, through meditation and the use of magic, journeys blissfully from end to end and beyond the seven stellar spheres . . . .”
His audience was totally lost and he stopped talking when he realized he was talking to himself. But then, he cleared his throat and resumed his tale:
“The Sicarii Masada was told to study these teachings, as I earlier said, in order to obtain priceless knowledge that would help them discover the key to the invisible Hebrew letters Lucifer had inscribed on the book’s pages. This would enable them to take,”—snapping his fingers—“control of the book and the terrible spell in its pages just like that.”
“You studied the Kabbalah as well?” uneasily asked Nora.
“Yes, yes, I did,” he agreed.
“So why couldn’t they remove ‘Masada’ to shorten the name?” Matthew wanted to know.
“They could never bring themselves to do such a thing, monsieur,” he regretted, studying the boy. “The Jewish fortress of Masada fell to the Roman general, Titus Flavius Sabinus Vespasianus, in 73 A.D. and majority of those who perished in it were the Sicarii or Assassins, a fanatic sect of rebels formed by Judas of Galilee in 6 A.D.”
“Judas of the Bible?” began Nora.
“No. Another . . . Judas,” he slowly corrected her. “This one was alive around 6 A.D., so he’s not the one you talk of, eh? Well then, the Sicarii Masada had as majority of its founders, those whose forefathers were the original Sicarii of the fortress of Masada and Masada was left in the new name to remind them and the Jewish nation what the Romans did there.”
Nora shrugged. They could’ve as well added Jerusalem for all she cared. “How did you know all this?”
“By studying Jewish history and the ancient books, no?”
“And what will you do with the book?” demanded Matthew.
“We’re coming to that, monsieur,” he was informed. “I will certainly let you know when the time comes to do so, but for now, I am yet to finish my story.” 



Chapter 29: More Revelations
THEY heard commotion outside and the children stirred. Marcos looked up sharply and one of the monks told him something in French. He relaxed again.
“What’s happening outside?” exclaimed Stephanie.
“The emperor just escaped from Elba, my dear,” replied the former cardinal, rubbing his hands together on the book and closely studying Nora. “You know French history, don’t you?” he asked her and she matched his stare without a word. “Ah, a lioness! Lionne,” he enthused, turning away. “I have been following your journey through Judea to China, my dear, and I strongly believe you have the attributes of a historian and can become a renowned one in the future, no?”
“Really?” she blurted out in excitement, and then on behalf of the other two kids: “But. . . How? What on earth are you? How did you do that?”
“Remember I control the book, my dear,” he reminded her while ascending the wooden steps of the church’s pulpit. “And through it, I also control whoever claims custody over it.”
“My—My . . . headache?” Matthew was surprised.
“Of course, mon ami! A very painful one indeed you have suffered, but . . . this is necessary for keeping watch over the situation! I was using your physical senses to know what was happening at the same time I was trying to manipulate you into doing my bidding through the book.”
“That’s a lie.”
“Xerxes?” he pointed out, leaning over the pulpit as if about to preach. “Ah, you remember! Although your brilliant sisters pointed out the futility of writing his name in the book and the fact that it was Greek, you still went ahead to do so with the burning anger in your heart! Who do you think kindled this fury within you to deal with an already-dead man, eh?”
“But he—he was alive then! We saw him,” argued the boy.
“You saw him just as you saw Blackbeard and the Roman general, Titus, my dear,” maintained the priest. “Shurabi can only come into force when one is still alive after the latest death and reincarnation of his soul. The Persian king has reincarnated several times now and could be someone else in some place we might never discover in our present system of things, so you must have personally met this person if you want to deal with Xerxes or Khshayarsha, as he is rightly named.”
“But what about Owen . . . ,” began Matthew, trailing off when he realized that Owen was already under the spell when they met him. “So, one dies under Shurabi and then, what happens next?”
“Guess another reincarnation,” tried Nora.
“Parfait,” exclaimed Marcos in French, coming down the pulpit. “See, I was right about you.”
Matthew was annoyed with this praise. There was no need to give Nora any more reason to think she was a light to the world! “So, we got here through my mistake?” he wanted to know.
“Through my manipulation, monsieur,” revealed the former cardinal. “Besides, remember the blank pages of the book when Conrad opened it in America?”
“Leonard, you mean?” corrected Nora.
“You mean . . . that was you?” exclaimed Matthew.
“Yes, mon ami,” agreed the man. “Had he seen the names on those pages, he would have disrupted my plans.”
“So you helped us? Why?”
“So that I can get you here faster than I would have, no?”
“And enslave us?” asked Nora.
“Yes . . . and take the book as well,” he enthused and turned to Matthew.
“After your mistake, my friend,” he told him, “which I drove you to commit, the Shurabi vested on me total control of your faculties, and you selected my name instead of your fat school enemy’s.”
“And that was how we got here,” exclaimed Stephanie.
“Guess you’re right,” Matthew began. He was downcast and the other two understood his guilt. He now realized why his head had started throbbing again after he’d written the Persian king’s Greek transliteration in the book. Why was the damn word too long and . . . cumbersome? Transliteration! Why not just translation or something shorter?
“Now, back to our story, my dears,” resumed a beaming Marcos before their hopeless state. He mocked them with his eyes and cleared his throat. “When God discovered the treachery of these angels,” he began, “he cast them down to Earth as demons! There they repented of their sins and, although God would not take them back, vowed to stop the Jews from using the book. However, their new father, Satan, or the devil, never supported this.”
“So what happened?” asked Stephanie and the other two frowned in her direction. Their antagonist squatted before her and leaned closer to her, gesticulating with his two hands as the right one tightly held the book.
“These new demons fought a long and bitter war with the Sicarii Kabbalah Masada, mademoiselle, since they refused to give back the book,” he awesomely narrated, “and for a long time into Constantine’s reign, they, the Booklords, were able to prevent the sect from writing the Roman emperor’s name in the black book.”
“Gooooo,” she responded, completely taken in and wide-eyed.
“Several members of the cult were killed during this time,” Marcos continued. “Stabbed, mutilated, diseased and burned beyond belief!
“And annoyed by the actions of his new servants, Satan provided the Sicarii Kabbalah Masada with a new weapon he intended to punish these fallen angels with.”
Matthew was gaping at the Frenchman now as he stood up to step back. It was all starting to fall into place! The mystery behind the book was about to be revealed a bit more! “The . . . harmless flames?” he slowly let out after drawing in breath. “The . . . fiery flames?”
And almost as quickly, angry fire reaped out from the book to everyone’s amazement, engulfing the priest’s right hand as he basked in the euphoria of being in control of this unearthly phenomenon commanding their unalloyed attention in so impressive a manner.
“Behold the Flame of Masada,” he vigorously declared, bringing forward his right hand for all to clearly see. “Behold the weapon of the black book! The unquenchable fire from hell and for hell’s own! The only hindrance preventing the Booklords from taking hold of the book now! The key to man’s survival and my conquest of all my enemies! Long have the Booklords tormented me, but I have finally mastered their nemesis and they will do well to leave me alone now!
“This is the secret weapon Satan blessed the Sicarii Kabbalah Masada with, for he did not want to deal with the Booklords, himself! This is the one thing the sect could not wield effectively before they were almost completely destroyed by those demons from hell! This is the only defense in the hands of mortal man for the book’s protection now! And now, I have raised it up for all to see! Flames that are meant to protect the book from the Booklords and their ugly forms! Flames that will crush them if they ever show me their ugly shapes again.”
He was now shouting and Matthew hoped he would keep it down a bit. “They can never hunt or stop me anymore! They will never tinker with the idea of retrieving the book from me anymore! This I proclaim based on the knowledge given me by those since dead and the power I have over the black book! This I shall swear before every man on Earth if given the chance! This I shall swear before every living thing on Earth if given the chance! I control the book and the book is my servant! And no one, not even God, Himself, can take it away from me.”
He mysteriously doused the flames, sweating.
“What a speech,” Matthew whispered.
“So you were attacked by the Booklords?” Nora softly asked him.
“For eight years now,” he tersely replied her. “Eight miserable years.” He wiped away his sweat and tried to regain his composure. Stephanie was glad about this. He’d freaked her out back there!
“The sect was destabilized before they could learn to use this new tool to destroy their spiritual enemies. The secret to the fire’s control was in the invisible Hebrew of the Shurabi, but the Sicarii Kabbalah Masada could not discern this before they lost the battle! Very sad, no?”
“What about the book?” asked Matthew. “What happened to it?”
“Before the Booklords could lay hold of it, the Vatican took over the cult’s secret temple and put to death those Bookmakers still alive,” Marcos said. “The black book was confiscated by the Holy See under the orders of Emperor Constantine and placed in a steel box immersed in holy water deep inside a secret chamber in Saint Peter’s Basilica, that is, until some years ago, when I stumbled onto this secret chamber and all the secrets it held within its walls!
“As soon as my actions were discovered by the church, I was unfairly excommunicated, although not until I had replaced the original book with a fake one and had reproduced the literature I found with it inside its holy fortifications.”
“What literature?” Matthew asked.
“The one I got my information from, monsieur,” he replied, turning to eye him again. “With this book,” he continued, “I will control world leaders and governments because I will send those who fail to obey me into the past, no?” And he turned to Nora. “This is what you were beginning to see and will now never fully grasp, no?”
“Hah,” scoffed the girl with gleaming eyes. “The world’s governments will hunt you down and seize the book! How’re you gonna control them then?”
Stephanie chuckled at this, but stopped short when Marcos glared at her. The former priest then turned back to her sister with a grin. “What if I tell you I can use the Fire of Masada to make the book disappear?”
The children’s bright faces instantly lost color.
“You – You can do that?” blurted out Matthew, and Marcos simply nodded, grinning victoriously. Had the boy known this during their adventure across time, things might have happened differently! “You – You can do that?” he repeated for want of what else to say.
“Yes, monsieur,” replied the former cardinal, still smiling with glee. “I can make the book disappear with the help of the magic fire and some incantations, and no one will know its whereabouts afterwards.” Now he turned to Nora, who was still visibly dumbfounded. “This means, mademoiselle, that even if I’m caught by the government and they search me, they won’t find the book, no?”
“But they can lock you up and make sure you don’t use it by chaining your hands,” aired Stephanie after much thought.
“Good point,” put in Nora, finally finding her voice.
“Yes, but you forget I can also manipulate the book with my mind, little one,” reminded the former priest, “and that means being able to write on it once I have caused it to disappear.” It was his time to chuckle. “Imagine they won’t find the book on me, yet I can still write anybody’s name I so desire on it, even if my hands are shackled.”
Even Stephanie was now crestfallen. The clever man appeared to have adequately done his homework! “Guess. . . . Guess you’re right,” she stammered with resignation. “Can we go home now?”
“No, my dear,” refused their abductor, standing up straight and looking down at their bound figures. “I cannot let you go back because you know too much, but your sister I might bring along with me.”
“No way,” snapped a fiery Nora, her eyes brimming with hatred for the tall man standing before them. “I’ll never let you separate us! Besides, I’ll ruin your plan if you force me along! I’ll tell everyone what you’ve just told us and then our president will find a way to separate you from the book with the help of our scientists, but don’t think it will then be over for you, because you’ll be locked up in a prison within ten other prisons on a remote island and there you’ll spend the rest of your years without seeing your kids and grandkids . . . if you’ve got any.”
Her bewildered sister and adopted brother were staring at her. Where in the world did all that come from?
Marcos wasn’t impressed into changing his mind, though. “No government, mademoiselle, can separate me from the book,” he reiterated, coldly staring at her while a crooked smile played on his lips. “I will take over your country and all the others, make no mistake, because no one in your stupid country will be clever enough to demand for my head if their beloved president and all his cabinet ministers are missing.” He was obviously peeved by her condemnation and Matthew saw this as a bad sign. Due to Nora’s impromptu judgment, they could find themselves in a worse situation than they already were.
“But how did you get here, cuz this is definitely not our time?” he suddenly asked the former priest, trying to reduce the tension between his adopted sister and their captor as he looked around the church, which had no bulbs or fluorescent tubing, or any sense of modernity about it.
Marcos suddenly looked forlorn.
“I wrote my name on the book’s first page before even beginning to use it, yes?”
The monks tried to stifle their laughter. They fell silent when he glared at them.
“That was a very grave error,” exclaimed Nora, trying to sound nice all of a sudden.
“Yeah,” agreed Matthew. “I know the feeling.”
“But not to worry,” smiled Marcos. “I can now get to the present again since I’ve retrieved the book, thanks to you.”
“Don’t bother,” advised Nora. “Thank my adopted brother instead,” and she pointed out the scapegoat with her head.
“You forget your go-ahead order,” he muttered. She was using that word again.
“You tricked me into giving it,” she snapped at him, and Marcos came forward, shaking his head.
“No, no, no, mademoiselle,” he berated her. “You must always take the blame for your decisions! Never blame another when it’s your fault.”
“But it’s his fault,” she cried. “He brought us here in the first place.”
“Maybe your decisions . . . helped his decisions?” suggested the Frenchman. “Maybe you’ve never treated him as your brother, no?”
“He’s not my brother.”
“And she’s not my sister, either.”
“Will you two stop it?” yelled Stephanie. “We’re all in this together.”
“And you both might be wrong about the nature of your . . . relationship?” proposed the former cardinal.
“What do you mean by that?” demanded Nora.
The man turned away and went back up the altar, grinning broadly. “Despite my painful ordeal in the hands of those fiends from hell,” he began, “I’ve been able to master the ancient Jesuit art of Demon-Spying all this time I’ve been here.”
“Creeps,” exclaimed Stephanie.
“With this skill bestowed on me by God, Himself, I’ve been able to watch the Booklords deep inside hell and observe their every move whenever they were not after me,” he went on. “Hence, I knew that something was afoot when they went after those soldiers whose captain had erroneously written their names in the book, and of course they finally faced him when he also added his own name to that unfortunate list.”
And he paused. Briefly.
“I am not obliged to worsen your stay here by telling you what I found out about this man in those dark journeys I had with these fallen angels of God, but since you will remain here forever, I won’t mind indulging you, no?”
“Forever?” Nora was alarmed. “But you can’t do that.”
“Oh, sure I can,” noted Marcos, exuding confidence. “And by the way, you’ll enjoy the wine here! It’s perfect for dinner, if you can survive the guillotine, that is.”
“But we don’t look rich,” protested Nora. “Do we?”
“What’s a guillotine?” asked Matthew. “Nora?”
She was staring at her richly decorated, white dress with some trepidation. Knowing what happened during the revolution, she was right in getting worried.
“I’m sure you remember the story, my dear,” gently soothed Marcos, shrugging his shoulders as if to shake off Napoleon’s memory. “Now, he has left Elba and we all know what happened next, don’t we?”
“You cannot leave us here,” protested Stephanie. “That is inhuman.”
“But I was left here for eight years,” argued the former catholic priest. “How much worse can it ever get?”
Silence prevailed.
“Eternity?” suggested Nora. The mere thought of it was very troubling. “But. . . . But . . .”
“Why did the Booklords do nothing all the time the book was in your attic?” correctly helped Marcos, reading her mind. “That’s because the book was not moving across barriers of time, then.” His darting eyes were laughing at them. “It was stationary, immobile, and there was no way I could have controlled it, or was there any way they would have discovered it, if your so-called adopted brother here hadn’t taken it with him to Dunkerque and commenced the search for his friends across the natural laws opposing the backward movement of time! It was only when I saw you three through their eyes making fools of yourselves that I also found it and quickly moved to prevent them from laying hands on it by using the fire of Masada.”
They heard people shouting outside again and Marcos looked disturbed.
“There,” he concluded, finally satisfied with his explanations. “I guess we’re all happy now, no?”
“You’re not leaving us here,” yelled Nora, starting from her haunting thoughts. “We’re coming with you.”
“Of course, my dear! You alone, that is.”
Nora was shaking her head. “No way.”
“Untie her,” he ordered the monks, coming down from the altar. “Leave the others here! Be quick about it.”
“Please don’t do this, holy one,” Stephanie pleaded with him as the monks moved to obey him.
“I happen to fancy your sister, my dear,” he said, grinning, and grabbed Nora by an arm.
“Don’t let him do this,” Matthew urged the men. “He wants to destroy the world we know with the book!”
“You’re wasting your time, monsieur,” advised Marcos. “These are Trappists—they communicate with no outsider.”
“Let me go!” shouted a struggling Nora, but he pulled her up by her arm and flipped open the book’s front cover with his free hand.
“Time to take over the world, my dear,” he hissed. “You’re coming with me.” The voices outside were getting louder.
“Nora!” cried Stephanie as she was tied up with Matthew.
“Silence!” Marcos ordered her. Expertly holding the book with his free hand, he succeeded in using this hand’s thumb to get to his name.
The four hooded monks were already making for the vestry when the main church doors burst open and a motley crowd of angry-looking peasants and farmers carrying pitchforks and muskets stormed into the church.
“What’s happening?” cried Stephanie, fidgeting.
“The escape from Elba must be part of this,” Matthew snapped, struggling with his bonds. “We’ll be guillotined!”
“Guillo—what?”
“Guillotined! Dunno what it means!”
“So why do you say it?”
“Marcos said it, too!”
“Don’t say it again! It scares me!”
“Steph, they’re gone!” he noted with fright, staring at Nora’s white dress, and the black clerical garb lying beside it. “What do we do now?” 



Chapter 30: The Chase
THE noisy mob had filled the church and was now gathering round their bound figures in its nave, having discovered no other person in the entire building. However, others had gone after the hooded men and could be heard scouring outside for signs of them.
“Matthew, I’m scared!” Stephanie understated behind him.
“I don’t like the look of this, either!” he assured her. The people had formed a circle around them. “Just keep calm!” he added as an afterthought.
“How?” She was hysterical. Their new audience had suddenly tightened the circle’s circumference and was looking even more threatening. “How am I gonna do that?”
A dirty, grumpy man pushed his way through the crowd and stopped before them to look them over, frowning. He smelled of fresh fish and had an old-looking musket slung over his left shoulder.
“Bourgeoisie?” he demanded in French. “Royaliste? Anglaise?”
“Yeah, English!” Matthew agreed, nodding.
“Anglaise! Anglaise!” the man called out to the cacophonous men, women and children behind him and they piped down.
“Would you be so kind as to free us?” wondered Matthew.
The man was glowering at him. “Anglaise! Enemie!” he shouted and the people resumed their noise making.
“Anglaise! Guillotine!” someone proposed in an angry voice and Matthew’s heart skipped. Stephanie shut her eyes.
“Non! Non!” the lead rebel refused and the crowd fell quiet again. “Anglaise souffrir!” he declared like a king. “Anglaise souffrir!”
“What’s he saying?” Stephanie asked Matthew, her eyes still tightly shut. But before he could reply her, he felt their bonds being loosened. Some dirty fellows forced them up, disregarding the neatness of their rich clothes, and dragged them along the nave and out of the church, the crowd chanting behind them and shouting, “Anglaise souffrir! Anglaise souffrir!”
“Where’re we going?” Stephanie shrieked, her eyes wide open, but her voice was lost in the din emanating from many other throats. The people started throwing rotten fruits and mud at them and she tried to protect herself. “Why are they doing this to us?”
“Dunno!” Matthew confessed. Nora never had time to explain all this before she was bundled off by Marcos, but he’d observed that the rioters were mostly poor and had no beautiful garments like the ones he and Stephanie were putting on. Why that fellow was allowed to escape from Elba he couldn’t tell, but that sure looked like one hell of a mistake if this riot was a direct result of that!
Out of the church compound they were dragged, and into a ghostlike building they were carried, its walls blackened by coal and soot from the many coal furnaces lined up inside it. Both kids were taken down a flight of steps while majority of the peasants continued clamoring and chanting outside, and pushed into a room full of wretched-looking children who, on closer inspection, appeared to be richly dressed.
“What now?” Matthew asked himself as the door to this room was slammed shut in his face.
“We . . . go after them?” Stephanie suggested to his surprise.
“Go after who?”
“Cardinal Marcos and Nora?”
“Steph, we don’t have the book,” he pointed out.
“Yes, we don’t,” she agreed, “but at least we can try with this.” She was revealing something in her hand to him.
“What’s that? A torn sheet from the . . . black book? Stephanie, how did you . . . ?” He hugged her with emotional happiness.
“Get it?” She was beaming. “It fell off in France when you weren’t looking and I’ve always wanted to go back with it, but couldn’t do so without you and Nora.”
“But. . . How. . . How would you have done that? Go back with it?” he asked her. “Your name’s not even on it.”
“Yeah, but I would’ve written it down if I’d wanted to.”
“Yeah, sure.” He took the piece of papyrus from her and looked around him at the hungry-looking children lying about the place. Who knows how long they’d been there, he thought. “Now, what to do.”
“If we write our names on it,” said Stephanie, “we’ll go further backwards, right?”
“Right.”
“Feared as much,” she confessed.
“But then we can touch our names to move forward,” Matthew inferred, frowning in deep thought. “It’s worth trying.”
“What if we write Nora’s name?”
“Remember we were forced here,” he told her. “She may not appear in here with us for all we know and we can’t afford to start looking for her, can we? Besides, we need to also retrieve the black book from Marcos before he does something bad with it, and . . . and Nora may not be holding him when we try to do what you’ve just said.”
“It’s all so confusing, Matt,” complained his little sister.
“I need a pen.”
“Or a feather and ink?” she corrected. “Where can we get that?”
“Must it be feather and ink?” he asked her, his head directing hers to a charcoal heap near a black fireplace. The French children kept staring at them as they shuffled wonderingly to the furnace lest they be suspected of being up to no good, and Matthew grabbed a piece of charcoal and scribbled his name on the paper with it. Stephanie was holding him all this while, and as they slowly became transparent, their fellow young prisoners started gathering round them with interest.
“Haaaaa!” they suddenly shouted, drawing back with fear when the duo vanished and their muddy clothes fell to the ground.

*     *     * 

“Where are we?” wondered Stephanie.
Some shirtless Africans were working behind them in a kind of plantation and two white men were supervising this work.
“It doesn’t matter,” said Matthew, turning back to the precious sheet of ancient paper in his hand. They were both dressed like the whites, but this didn’t matter as well.
“Now what?” asked Stephanie.
“We move forward,” he told her. Holding her hand, he placed his thumb on his name and grimaced with the slight pain as they disappeared. One of the black slaves looked up to where they once stood, but quickly returned to his work when both Spanish farmers angrily started towards him. They spotted the clothes Matthew and Stephanie had left behind, however, and ordered a freckled white lad, who had just appeared from a nearby house, to remove them and tell the negro maid to peg down any other clothes she was washing.
Meanwhile, brother and sister had appeared exactly where they stood before in the coal house and the imprisoned kids here scampered away to safety. These children were completely perplexed by the whole affair, but Matthew, himself, was pleased with it, as well as the fact that he was still holding the presently smoldering piece of vital paper.
“Now, to try our luck,” he enthused and pressed his little finger on his name again, while Stephanie still held him.
They appeared in India before the Taj Mahal.
“Not good,” Matthew said, shaking his head, and used his right index finger this time.
They appeared at home in their living room. Mommy came in with her shopping, humming a tune and they startled her as they scurried out the main door.
“Where’re you two off to?” she wondered, carefully holding on to her shopping bags. “Stephanie, remember your ballet class today! Have you seen Nora?”
“Ballet class?” Matthew asked Stephanie as they ran. He looked at the date on his watch and was glad he was still with it. “It is just Saturday! She hasn’t missed us! Mommy doesn’t know!”
“I wonder how many hours we’ve gone,” his sister remarked. “Where’re we going?”
“To find Nora.”
Outside their lawn, Sleepy Lake was calm. There wasn’t any disquiet or chaos.
“Well, what did we expect?” Matthew asked himself, looking around him as they made their way into a major street.
“There’s Anderson,” spotted Stephanie, and they ran over to him as he cycled past on his bicycle.
“Anderson!” Matthew called out.
“Hi, Matt! Whatz up?” he greeted, braking. “Hello, Steph.” Obviously, his bicycle now had new brakes.
“You know my sister, Nora?” Matthew asked him, coming to a halt before him. “The one I told you about in school?”
“Yeah—Louis Vuitton? I know she drives a cool BM. What about her?”
“Have you seen her lately?” The fact that Anderson was friendly didn’t elude him.
“Think so . . . ,” thought the black boy, looking back at the road he’d come from. “Saw her near the mall with a tall guy. They were in a hurry, you know, and I thought this a bit odd, really.”
“Do you know where they were headed?”
“What was he wearing?” Stephanie asked.
“A . . . black trench coat? I think they were going to the station, and at some point, I thought your sister wanted to pass a message with her eyes to a passerby—you know she doesn’t know me—but the man won’t let her! Who is he? What’s happening?”
The two started speaking at once.
“It’s the book, Anderson,” began Stephanie.
“The man is Marcos, Anderson,” began Matthew.
“You won’t know him, but he took the book from us and wants to rule the world with it! He’s got magical powers and . . .”
“. . . is starting from our president,” concluded Matthew.
“. . . has taken Nora with him,” concluded Stephanie.
“Could you guys . . . rewind?” pleaded Anderson.
“The man’s Marcos,” slowly repeated Matthew. “You won’t know him, but he took the book from us and wants to rule the world with it! He’s got Nora and . . .”
“Is this a movie or what?” intruded Anderson. “Which magic book are you talking about?”
Matthew was aghast and Stephanie had an ‘o’ below her nose.
“Don’t you know about the book?” she finally managed to ask him.
“A school one or what? I’ve got so many, you know.”
‘Of course, he doesn’t know! He doesn’t know about the book!’ thought Matthew. “He doesn’t know what happened to him,” he happily murmured. “He won’t tell anyone.”
“Dude, wake up,” laughed Anderson, shoving him playfully. “This is eight in the morning! You shouldn’t be joking around by this time of the day! See you on Monday.” And he was off.
“That saves us some trouble,” said Matthew as they watched the bicycle recede.
“How?”
“He won’t tell anyone.”
“He won’t need to if we don’t find Marcos soon enough,” she highlighted.
“And hope the others don’t know as well,” agreed Matthew as they started towards the road leading to the bridge. “There’s Barbara and Mary Ann and Peter and Leonard and Yung Ji . . .” he counted out with his fingers, “. . . and Nora.”
“And Fat George and Rupert,” added Stephanie. “We haven’t saved them yet, remember?”
“We need the book to do that.”
The two children flagged down a cab when they got to the main road.
“The mall,” Matthew directed the driver and slipped in beside Stephanie. He knew it was possible some of the returned kids would know what had happened to them and would take it as a real-life experience. It was also possible, just as Anderson had reacted with ignorance to the whole nightmare, that some may not remember.
“It’s all muddled up,” he muttered, staring out of the window with his hands on his chin as the car took on the bridge.
“What?”
He tried to explain. “Anderson can’t remember anything, though we told him before he left Africa, and Mary Ann may just see it all as a bad dream and still appreciate our ‘kidnapping’ her as real, even though we never told her anything.” His sister looked even more confused. “They may or may not know about this just as they did or didn’t know about it when we met them in the past as other people! I just hope they tell no one any dreams or make a fuss about any funny stories! I won’t like to visit Sergeant Bradley again.”
Stephanie was holding her head.
The taxi stopped beside the paved front yard of a splendid glass structure several blocks wide. The town mall was at its busiest, but they were not there to window-shop or anything. The local train station was situated across the road from the mall and this was their destination.
“Excuse me, sir,” began Matthew when they met the old stationmaster coming out of his office. Mr. Wells knew their father well enough and was a friend of the children.
“What can I do for you, my dears?”
“We would like to know when the next train leaves for the city,” he was asked.
“I hope you two aren’t running away from home, are you?”
“No way, sir! It’s just for our . . . homework,” Matthew lied, turning to his companion, who nodded in connivance.
“Well, you’re late, kids,” Mr. Wells informed them, wondering what kind of homework they were dealing with. “It just left like thirty minutes ago.”
“There’s. . . . There’s no other one?”
“Of course there is, it’s around twelve p.m.,” he answered. “Now, I’ve got some work to do, if you’ll excuse me, children.”
“What’s the whole point in this?” Stephanie asked Matthew when the stationmaster had gone.
“Since Anderson saw them here, they must’ve been thinking of taking a train to the city, where they can get a flight to Washington,” he told her.
“To see the president?” she asked, bewildered. “Why can’t they just write his name in the book? That’s . . . easier?”
Matthew shook his head and took her hand as he started leaving. “That won’t work! Remember Marcos said you must personally meet the name owner before anything can take place! So he must find a way to meet the president before he can do what he wants to do with his name.”
“Where’re we going?”
“To buy tickets.”
“But you don’t have cash,” she protested.
“How did I pay for the taxi?”
The station had a sizeable lounge into which they now hurried. Two flat screens faced travelers on opposing walls lined with exotic flowers here, and as they waited in line for their turn, Matthew’s attention was drawn to a boy’s picture on one of the sets.
“They still think he’s missing,” he told Stephanie, who was looking at the other telly.
“Who?”
“Fat George?”
“They’re right to think so,” she remarked. “You should be worried about this, though,” and she directed his gaze to the other screen on the opposite wall. Channel 5 was trying to pinpoint the president’s whereabouts.
“Marcos.” 



Chapter 31: Confrontation
“WHAT about the tickets?”
“We don’t need them anymore.”
“But you said . . .”
“They didn’t use the train, Steph. It’s just not possible.”
It was a News Flash! People were hurrying towards the train station from all around them as they hurried out of it, their faces artistic works of fearful surprise. It was as if war had been unexpectedly declared on the country.
“So what do we do now?” wondered Stephanie when they stopped beside a nearby retail store.
“Time to bring Marcos to Sleepy Lake,” declared Matthew, buying a pen from the shop.
“Matthew, look,” she pointed out, grabbing his arm. “It’s Yung Ji!”
The boy was leaning on the trunk of a parked car and immediately recognized them both when they approached him. He thought better of entering the car and ran away.
“Yung Ji!” Matthew called after him.
“Stay away from me!” he shouted in the distance, running.
“He knows,” Stephanie observed.
“Guess so,” Matthew agreed half-heartedly. But then, the boy might just still be afraid of him as a killer lurking his classmates, unlike brainwashed Anderson. That was more like it! “He can take care of himself, Steph,” he declared, and quickly unwrapped the piece of papyrus from the black book.
“It’s not burning anymore.”
“Better not in my pocket,” he told her and wrote the former cardinal’s name on the ancient paper.
Nothing happened.
“We must’ve sent him back with Nora,” Stephanie suggested and Matthew nodded in agreement.
“That’s the plan,” he said, already touching the name. “Hold me,” he advised her and she did.
They appeared back in 19th century France near the same church, but outside the coal house.
“Marcos must have done this to get to Washington faster than a train,” Matthew said.
“How?”
“He puts down a guy’s name in the book—someone he knows lives in Washington—and meets this guy in the past with Nora, then forces him to come back to Washington with them tagging along.”
“It’s all muddled up.”
“I know—I’ve said that before.”
“Anglaise!” shouted a poor-looking fellow who just spotted them. “Anglaise!” He was the fishy riot leader with a musket and Matthew suddenly recognized him.
“Run!” he urged Stephanie and took to his heels. A large crowd wielding so many farming implements as weapons appeared behind the man and the noise they were generating was deafening.
The children ran into the churchyard, gaining some distance from the rioters. Matthew dragged Stephanie into a dark alley as the people poured into the place.
“What’s the plan?” she whispered.
“Marcos must have gone back with Nora, but we can follow them now that we have their names on our paper,” he whispered back.
The fish man was slowly coming up to this dark passage on hearing them, but when he charged into the place with his musket drawn, they were gone.
The duo appeared in the countryside overlooking undulating hills. It was raining and they were wearing raincoats.
“There’s a barnyard over there,” Matthew pointed out. “We could shelter ourselves in it.”
“There’re two people near it.”
“I see them,” he concurred.
The middle-aged man was wearing a trench coat and a hat and was holding an umbrella. His companion was in a hooded yellow raincoat and they were both moving towards the barnyard.
“Let’s hope they could tell us where we are and give us directions,” Matthew enthused, starting towards the wooden farmhouse. “C’mon.”
“Why are they in a hurry?” she asked, following him.
“To leave the rain, why else should they be?”
“The second guy doesn’t want to,” she observed.
“Which one?”
“The one in the yellow raincoat.”
Now, that was odd, and as they drew nearer to the barnyard, they discovered they had been wrong about the guy.
He had long blonde hair.
In fact, he was a girl!
“He’s a girl!” Matthew realized, abruptly grinding to a halt only for Stephanie to bump into him. They were now so close to these two people that his astonished voice was audible enough despite the pouring rain, and the struggling girl turned in his direction.
“Nora?” he said in disbelief.
“Matthew, get away!” Nora warned him. The man with her turned back and the children noticed he was wearing a priest’s collar.
“Marcos!” Matthew called out to him, enraged.
“Run while you can!” Nora shouted at them. “He’s made the president disappear twice before you removed us from the White House!”
“And we’re going back there now!” ranted Marcos as he tried to hold her and his umbrella while opening the book.
“No way!” shouted Matthew and attacked him. “Give me back the book!” He started struggling with the tall man who dropped his umbrella while trying to keep the book above the boy’s head, but the fellow finally managed to kick him away and tighten his grip on Nora. Stephanie kept her distance and ran to where Matthew had fallen to help him up.
“Matthew, he can’t make the book disappear!” shouted Nora. “Seems the rain is hindering the magic!”
“Shut your trap, girl!” snarled her captor, pulling her along.
“Leave me alone!” she shouted as she fought to free herself from him to no avail, but Marcos couldn’t use the book or even keep it open while holding her and they continued this scuffle for a while, until she slammed a boot’s heel hard on his foot.
“Aaaaaaaaaaaah!” he cried out in pain, letting go of her rather than the book and she bolted, but he lunged for her and they both crashed to the ground to continue their struggle.
The rain was still falling. Heavily.
Matthew got up and ran to help Nora.
Although there was a new danger! The desperate humans never noticed the sky darken, but they definitely heard the eerie shrieks suddenly coming from high above their heads as the Booklords swooped down on them in a spiral!
Matthew froze when he saw them, but Marcos pushed him away and looked up as the black mass hurtled down towards him.
“Elvereezer!” he chanted, still holding the book in one hand and Nora’s arm in the other. “Elvereezer!”
Strangely, the spiral quickly dispersed above his head only to gather again somewhere higher up.
Matthew tried to grab the book from him and Nora tried to bite him, but the boy received a shove on the head, which sent him crashing to the ground, and his adversary swung his arm over his adopted sister’s head and pinned her to himself, immobilizing her two arms in the process.
“Elvereezer!” he croaked again as the black forms flung themselves at him a second time. “Elvereezer!”
It was not working!
Stephanie went for the book, but missed it with inches as Marcos raised it up towards his new aggressors. Matthew had quickly gotten up, though, but was punched in the stomach and crashed into Stephanie. The priest swung an arch above his head with the book and it was set ablaze. The demons started escaping in different directions.
“Behold the Flame of Masada!” he shouted at them, standing up in the rain with Nora wriggling beside him. “Draw nearer and be damned!”
Of course, the Booklords were drawing back. Their fear of the flaming book was greater than their will to retrieve it, and as long as it burned, they were no longer the predators but the prey!
Marcos continued swinging the book over his head. A tongue of fire suddenly leaped from it and crashed into one of the creatures as they retreated, sending bright flashes of light jumping from the demon in all directions. It erupted into flames to burn away.
The others then fled to a safer distance high up in the sky surrounding the flame holder and waited. They dared not draw an inch nearer.
“Now, I control you!” the greedy priest snarled, laughing at them while cajoling the fire into submission. “You can never hurt me!”
Matthew helped up Stephanie and they both backed away. Nora could not fight the priest anymore and was just hanging there in his arm. “Let her go!” her adopted brother ordered the Frenchman.
“And why should I do that, huh?” he was asked. “The belle must come with me, no?”
The boy moved forward.
“Step back!” he was warned, the book pointed his way. “Step back or your sister dies!”
“Matthew, do as he says!” begged Nora and the boy grudgingly obeyed. Satisfied, Marcos opened the book’s leather cover with his free hand and used his little finger to touch his name on the first page.
Nothing happened, and he tried another finger.
Still, nothing happened.
“Damn it!” he cursed in frustration and peered at the page using the dim light falling on them with the rain. “Damn it!” he cursed again, losing all his Frenchy mannerisms.
The ink he’d used for his name had blotted it out!
How could this have happened? He tried to rub away the stain with his thumb and realized the culprit was the rain!
“Aaaaaaaaaaaahhhh!” he suddenly followed this action with, dropping the book and freeing Nora as he buckled to his knees in pain. Stephanie dropped the log of wood behind him and picked up the book before he could pull himself together.
Matthew was amazed. He’d been so busy keeping guard over Marcos that he didn’t see her slip away. “Where did you get the stick?” he called out to her from where he stood.
“The barnyard?” she replied, clutching the book and hurrying towards him.
Marcos came after her and she froze in her tracks. “Give that back!” he snapped at her, grimacing with the pain he still felt around his knees.
“Stephanie, don’t obey him!” Matthew urged her and she started running towards him again.
“You’ll suffer if you don’t!” snarled Marcos, reaching out for her. “Give me back the book!” He came after her.
“No!”
Nora had followed behind the former catholic father, and now brought down the heavy wood on his back with all her might.
“Aaaaaaaaaaaahhhh!” he shouted again, collapsing on the wet ground as she scampered away from him. “You’ll all suffer for this!” he growled, fuming. “I’ll make sure of that!”
He picked himself up again, vaguely realizing that the book had changed hands, and turned to the boy, whose sister was hiding behind. His steps were a bit wobbly, though.
“Matthew, give me the book!” he coldly whispered.
“Matthew, don’t fear him!” Nora objected from where she was rubbing her hands. “Just don’t fear him!”
The boy drew back slowly with Stephanie and the former cardinal took painful steps towards them both.
“Give it to me, Matthew!” he urged, grinning as he drew nearer and nearer, his right hand outstretched.
“Matthew, don’t!” Nora protested and Marcos glared at her.
“Don’t think you can escape from me again, mademoiselle!” he warned her, and she drew back almost involuntarily, staring at the cause of this fear with disdain.
“Matthew, don’t listen to him!” she kept up through the rain.
“You don’t need to be scared, boy!” growled the priest. “JUST GIVE ME THE BOOK!”
“No way that’s gonna happen!” refused Matthew.
“Go away!” Stephanie screamed from behind her adopted brother, but Marcos ignored her, taking another forward step a bit carefully, lest the boy was planning something.
“You won’t get hurt, Matthew!” he allayed, advancing further.
But Matthew knew he was lying. This situation could only go either of three ways—his, theirs or the Booklords’! No! Two ways, actually: his or theirs and the Booklords’! May the best player win!
The tall Frenchman suddenly thought the boy was doing something behind his back and quickened his steps. “What are you doing?” he demanded with alarm as he trudged up.
“Nothing? Why?”
“You rat!” he shouted, lunging forward in a last minute effort to stop the Quentin from whatever he was doing, but before the contact could be made, he unceremoniously vanished into thin air and Matthew sidestepped his wet trench coat and priestly garments as they fell beside him.
“Matthew, the Booklords!” warned Stephanie, pointing upwards at the demons charging them again. The boy was just in time to reveal the book from behind him before the final stretch of their downward journey, and it erupted into flames on its own free will.
“Not yet!” he warned these dark angels, swinging the fiery book around him. “We need it a little longer!”
“Demons of the Deep and Hell’s Worst!” yelled Stephanie beside him. “Depart from us and hunt us no further!”
Her adopted brother was staring at her like a surprised mute.
“Thought it might help,” she meekly explained and he sadly shook his head.
It was all over.
The rain became a drizzle.
Nora walked up to them in this shower as the black things waited and watched. She was still trying to grasp what had just happened.
“What—What did you do?” she gingerly asked Matthew in awe, her hair plastered to her head. “He—He just disappeared.”
“I don’t know . . . ,” he faltered. “Guess I sent him back in time without his precious book.”
“But we didn’t have any pen,” said Stephanie. “How did you do it?”
And Matthew smiled. She’d been behind him all this while and still failed to see what he’d been doing on the book’s last page. He was even surprised it worked. “I wrote his name in the book with . . . my finger.”
“Cool,” declared Stephanie.
“That works?” asked an amazed Nora.
“I guess so,” he replied, looking down at the discarded clothes. He never told them he might have written the Frenchman’s name many times over, because he wasn’t sure that this would amount to anything.
But it did.
Somewhere back in time, a naked Marcos had woken up on a huge piece of rock and was trying to stand on it. This was a difficult task since the sides of the stone were very steep and he only had a narrow footing, but he finally succeeded, and stood up straight to look at the harsh environment ahead.
He cursed himself for not making the book invisible when he could have easily done so. That way, he would have avoided the rain’s hindrance and manipulated the book without intrusion. Truth be told though, he knew he was yet to master this ritual, which was still physically demanding for him due to this naïveté he exhibited, hence his reluctance to use it when he thought the situation wasn’t that difficult at the time. A decision that had led him to his present state of affairs.
‘Just perfect!’ he thought, carefully looking around. Lush vegetation surrounded him and even filled his view when he looked up. The place was like a thick, dark jungle and he realized he was standing on a very high point, slowly stooping to straddle the rock again in order to lower his height. The whole thing tapered down to a bigger island surrounded by what appeared to be a deep river lying in thick undergrowth and the former cardinal still couldn’t establish where he was.
The boy must be a fool to think that he’d lost his cherished control of the book owing to this small mistake on his part, he scornfully thought. Of course, he’ll go back now using his power over the young man’s mind. The stupid boy will never know what brought him to that godforsaken place, after accidentally touching the former priest’s name again, of course.
Marcos closed his eyes and recited some incantations. Nothing happened and he tried again, feeling the blast of warm air on his face as the only response from the present environment he’d found himself in.
Nothing had come over him, not even a slight push.
Gradually, he was becoming alarmed. Had the boy discovered the sacred Hebrew words so soon to quickly cut off the connection between their minds? If this was the case, then his mouth must be blamed for all his present troubles! How could he have underestimated the young man’s intelligence in such a delicate matter by talking for hours on end about the book?
His anxiety was heightened when the ground beneath him started shaking. “Mary, Mother of God!” he exclaimed, looking around him. “Where the hell am I?” 
The quaking increased.
“WHAT IS THIS PLACE?” he wondered aloud with fear, and the stone he was standing on suddenly began to lift him up. “HOLY MOTHER OF GOD!” he croaked again, falling flat on it and grappling with both hands for its sides.
He thought there was an impending earthquake!
But he was wrong.
The hill he was lying on started swinging back and forth and he heard a deep, low grunt below him.
And then a loud sneeze.
Louder than any he’d ever heard in his life.
“HOLY MOTHER OF GOD!”
Two giant eyes were blinking at him. 



Chapter 32: Captain R. J. Hayfield
“FIRST, we must bring back the president,” Matthew told them. The rain had stopped falling but the Booklords still hovered above them.
“How do we do that?” enquired Stephanie.
“Here,” Nora started, reaching out for the book. “You write his name behind the page to bring him back.”
“Behind his name?”
“Yeah, sure. That’s how Marcos did it.”
“But we don’t have any pen,” reminded Stephanie.
“Must it be a pen?” Matthew asked her, using his finger. “There! I guess the president is now back in the White House.”
As a pharaoh, that is!
“Are you sure he’s back?” Stephanie queried.
“I think so,” Matthew replied. “There’s no reason to doubt it, is there?”
“Your finger?”
“It’s worked before, you know,” he pointed out, exasperated.
“Let’s go home, please?” Nora begged them both. “We can bring back Fat George and Rupert from there now we know how to,” Matthew agreed with her, nodding.
“And what of them?” Stephanie asked him, nodding towards the black figures still hovering above them.
“We’ll . . . eh, just have to borrow the book a little while longer,” he stammered, staring up at the spirits waiting there.
And without a sign of annoyance, the black figures slowly faded away.
“Thanks,” Stephanie called out to them.
“Hold hands,” Matthew told them both and pressed one of his fingers on his name.
The change was as expected. They appeared in his room and in their own clothes.
“Fat George,” Stephanie reminded him and he looked for his pen on his table and went back with it and the book to his bed. Nora was swinging around in the room, happy to be in it for once in her life.
“Isn’t it good to be home?” she kept asking herself, laughing.
Matthew wrote ‘Fat George’ behind the fat boy’s name on the opposite page of the leaf and did this for Rupert as well. He felt a strange feeling in his stomach when he saw the spread of ink blotting out the priest’s name on the first page and wondered why this had happened to just that name alone.
Meanwhile, in an ice cream shop in town, a fat boy had appeared in samurai armor near Mr. Green, the ice cream man, while he was counting his day’s earnings.
“Whooaaaa!” shouted the man, almost losing his balance when he looked up to behold this masquerade. “You almost killed me back there, kid.”
The kid was Fat George.
“Where’s the princess?” the boy demanded from him in Japanese.
“Say what?”
“You have hidden her! The Shogun demands her now, or else!” A sharp-looking, curved sword was immediately brandished and Mr. Green’s remaining customers hurriedly started leaving.
Rupert was more unlucky.
He appeared in a girl’s locker room in loincloth and the girls ran out, screaming.
“Mom’s gonna kill me!” he swore.

*     *     * 

“There! I guess it’s all over,” declared Matthew a few minutes later, snapping close the book with a sense of finality.
“Can’t we bring back the soldiers, too?” Stephanie pleaded with him.
“Those we met were bad, Steph,” he answered, “and we can’t bring back those we never met. Marcos said that, remember?”
“Oh, have a heart, Matt,” urged Nora. “These people might have families, you know.” She turned to his Spiderman models.
“And I don’t think they’re all bad like Owen,” agreed Stephanie. “Or One-eyed Shifty. Remember Liu Hang?”
“I could have brought him back, but I think he’s . . . no more,” said Matthew thoughtfully. “I don’t think we can bring him back like Marcos said.”
Nora didn’t hear this. She was studying his Spiderman models.
“So what are you gonna do with this book?” Stephanie asked him.
“I’ll give it back to the Booklords, I guess.”
“You said something about Marcos saying we couldn’t bring back those we never met,” began Nora, “are you sure that was what he said?”
“I—I think so . . . ,” thought Matthew. “Why should I fault him?” But he wasn’t sure about this and followed her with his eyes as she walked over to his Spiderman models. “How did you two go to Washington?” he finally asked.
“Marcos and I?”
“Uhuuuuuh.”
“Well, we got to the train station and he asked me if I knew anyone who stays in Washington,” she began. “At first, I refused to tell him, but he threatened to kill me if I did not.”
“So what happened?” asked Stephanie.
“I told him about Georgina, my classmate in middle school who lives in the D.C. area, and do you know he asked me for her other names and surname?”
This got Matthew’s head ringing. “But he could’ve just written out all the president’s names if that’s how it works,” he said. “There would’ve been no need for you two to go to Washington in that case, right?”
“Maybe they went to get his other names?” suggested Stephanie and Nora stared blankly at her.
“We didn’t go to the White House to get names,” she denied. “We went to possess it.”
“That’s it,” realized Matthew, opening the book again. “Either you know the person’s names or you personally know him on a first-name basis! So, although Marcos was right, he also knew there was another way.”
“What do you mean, Matt?” asked Nora.
“Marcos was asking for your friend’s names because he wanted to use her to get to Washington, right?”
“I—I never saw it that . . . way,” she said. “But you might be right. I was surprised to see Georgina as much as she was to see me.”
“And you never wondered why she was present there?” Stephanie asked her. “You gave Marcos her names and you never wondered what he was going to do with it? And you never figured it out when she popped up from nowhere? Phew!”
“Why should I?” began Nora, and then she realized her mistake. “I told her I was sorry, okay? Besides, we’re no longer friends?”
Matthew sighed. Typical, selfish Nora! Of course, she’ll never change! “We’ll try that method now,” he told his adopted sisters.
“And we can use it to get back the soldiers, right?” began Stephanie, applauding.
“Right,” he agreed and flipped to page two. The names here were complete with military titles, other names and surnames, just as a captain would list them out if he was gathering information from his men. “We’ll have to write over our names on the first page, though,” he sadly announced with regret, flipping the leaf back and forth.
“Won’t that affect us?” asked Stephanie.
“What if you use an empty ballpoint instead?” suggested Nora. “You can use that, right?”
“It’s worth a try,” he agreed, reaching for a drawer below his desk. “I think I have one here.”
“You can bring them all back if you want to, can’t you?” she asked him.
“Not the dead ones.”
“But Marcos said it’s possible,” she said. “Since they’re all under the spell, death will only speed up the reincarnation stuff.”
“Are you sure about that?” wondered Matthew. He couldn’t deny he knew, but he just wasn’t sure that what the greedy priest had told them was the truth. It could contain another ‘Xerxes’ gimmick! “Maybe we should start with Sergeant Stephen, a.k.a. Owen, or Dr. Brooks, a.k.a. Shifty, first,” he suggested all the same. “They died, right?”
“No, they’re bad people,” objected Stephanie. “Bring back only Liu Hang and the captain.”
“Why the captain?” Nora asked her.
“His name sounds good, so I think he’s a good man.”
“But you haven’t met him.”
“Nora? Nora! Where are you?” Mommy called out from downstairs.
“We’re all in Matthew’s room, Mom,” Nora replied, smiling. Mommy’s voice had never sounded so sweet!
Matthew was poised to write the reversed names. “So, we’ve decided to bring back Liu and the captain?” he asked them one last time.
“And every other guy we didn’t meet,” Nora added.
“Agreed,” approved Stephanie, and he started scribbling these names on their positions on the first page using the blank pen. It was painstaking work since he wasn’t seeing what he was doing, but he got some help from the light coming in through the window.
Mommy’s footsteps could be heard coming up the stairs. And someone else’s.
“Done,” he finally announced, again closing the book. “I think they’ll all be home now.”
“Except Steve and Shifty, right?” demanded Stephanie.
“Except Steve and Shifty,” he agreed, grinning. It was like acting God!
The room’s door opened and Mommy came in with Daddy and Gavin, the dog, which quickly ran to the children.
“Mommy, Mommy,” Stephanie announced, bouncing on Matthew’s bed.
“Where in the world have you all been?” she exclaimed, arms akimbo. “Do you know I’ve been searching for you guys since eight this morning?”
“We even thought you’ve all disappeared, like Albert’s son,” said Daddy behind her, glad to see them all together like this.
“Linda’s been showing us her horse, Dad,” Nora lied for them. “I’m sorry we forgot to tell you guys.” She took her mother’s hands.
“Well,” smiled Mommy, “I’m glad it was just that. God knows how I would have felt if it were something else. Poor Albert’s wife is still heartbroken.”
“I knew it, Mommy,” cried Stephanie, smiling.
“Knew what, my dear?”
“When you called us ‘guys’?” she began. “I knew you weren’t angry at all.” Gavin had snuggled up close to her legs.
“I was never angry,” laughed Mrs. Quentin. “You all just scared me to death. Come here, you bag of trouble.”
“Catch me if you can!”
And Lora moved to hug her younger daughter, who wriggled out of her reach, laughing, and drew back to Matthew’s only window, playfully trying to avoid her hands.
It was then that she noticed the man standing in the shadows beside the window blinds and Stephanie almost bumped into him. He stepped out into the daylight previously shielded from him by the blinds and the others started, realizing he was the one their mother had seen.
“Lora?” he calmly enquired.
“Father?” she whispered.

*     *     * 

The man was wearing a kind of military sweatshirt atop camouflage pants and jungle boots. He was elderly with graying hair, although he still looked energetic and his eyes were sharp and alert. Daddy was as unsure of himself as every other person in that room, but he still moved to shake hands with the captain as Gavin started barking.
“Pleased to see you again, sir,” he mumbled under his breath and the older man warmly took his hands.
“Pleased to see you, too, John. Glad you’re putting up a nice family here.”
The children were seriously puzzling over this new development. Their father chased Gavin out of the room.
“Kids, this is your . . . grandfather,” their mother anxiously introduced, but didn’t move to take her father’s hand. “Captain R. J. Hayfield.”
“Captain what?” chorused her children, visibly surprised.
“Holy cow,” mouthed Nora, dazedly staring at the man now standing before them.
“Hello, kids,” the captain said, shaking Nora and Stephanie before shaking Matthew. “And you must be Matthew,” he announced, smiling at the boy, who was unsure of how to respond.
“How come I don’t know you?” demanded Stephanie. Nora sat down beside her on Matthew’s bed.
“It’s a long story, Steph,” her father told her. “I guess it’s not yet time to . . .”
“It’s okay, John,” his wife stopped him, and her father cleared his throat. He turned away towards Matthew’s window. His daughter drew closer to her husband.
“It’s—It’s a very long story,” he borrowed from Mr. Quentin. The sun had disappeared into dark clouds outside and it looked like it would start drizzling. “You must know by now that you were adopted, Matthew,” he told the boy, still staring out of the window. Then he turned back to them in the room. “You mustn’t blame your parents—I made them believe you were.”
“WHAT?” exclaimed Nora. Her mother could only mouth an ‘o’ to cover this letter with her hands, wide-eyed. She hugged her husband even more tightly as her father sadly looked straight into her eyes.
“I know what you’re asking me now, Lora. How and Why? Why? Because you were my only child, because you fell in love with John instead of the man I wanted you to marry, because I could not confront the fear that . . . that I was losing you.” He looked away again. “So, when I got word that you’ve given birth to a boy in the hospital and he wasn’t doing well, I saw an opportunity to get back at you after finding out from his doctor that he was okay.”
“Oh,” Lora cried, resting her head on John’s shoulder. “Oh, my God!”
“I was driven by the devil, Lora,” her father apologized. “I paid a nurse and the doctor to declare him dead and I—I took him away and placed him in an orphanage.”
“Now we know why we never heard about you from Mom and Dad!” Stephanie screamed and Nora hugged her.
“You’re right, my dear,” the captain agreed, looking lost and outside at the drizzling rain. “Your mom and I got angry with each other and tried to hurt each other.”
Matthew could only stare at this man whose strange tale was yet to sink into his head. The revelations were too sudden and it was all about him. “How did Mommy hurt you?” he queried. “You said she did.”
“She never invited me to her wedding,” was the reply. “I never got the chance to hand over my baby girl on her wedding day.” He had tears in his eyes and cleared it with the back of his right hand. “After you turned three, Matthew, I realized I was wrong and must bring you all together again. I knew my actions were stupid, but by then I couldn’t just walk into your front door with you, ’cause it’s been long since I last met your mother, and she’ll never forgive me for what I had done, so . . . since I was in the army and a high-ranking officer, I . . . got info from the CIA that . . . that she was . . . still looking for a son and I made the orphanage set you up for adoption while directing her attention to you using proxies.”
“FATHER, HOW COULD YOU?” his daughter shouted, drawing Matthew to herself.
“I have suffered too, Lora,” he told her. “You didn’t invite me to your wedding and I’ve been a very lonely man ever since I lost you.”
“But—But you never lost me,” she cried and her husband held her closer to him. “I’m the one who lost you.”
“Okay, okay,” Nora suddenly announced in exasperation. “Okay, Mom . . . enough with the emotions. Let’s get something straight here. Grandpa, how come your name’s in . . . em . . . you-know-what?”
“Yeah, Grandpa,” agreed Stephanie, “how come your name’s in the book?” Her elder siblings were glaring at her. “I meant the black book, em—you-know-what?”
And Matthew submitted his head to both hands in exasperated defeat.
“Sorry,” his younger sister whispered in a small voice. 



Chapter 33: About the Black Book
“AH, the book,” remembered the captain.
“Which book, Nora?” Mr. Quentin asked his daughter.
“Um, the book, Dad. . . . It’s—It’s a long story.” Matthew pinched her and pushed the book further underneath his pillow.
“The one you found in the attic?” her mom asked her. “I think that’s where I got my story plot from. The old book worth five dollars, remember?” she asked her husband.
“Yeah, we threw it away, Mom,” Matthew quickly said before Daddy could reply Mommy. He’d forgotten his mother knew about that! His father was still staring at him. “C’mon, Dad. We found out it was crap and threw it away. It wasn’t even worth five dollars.”
“So you owe me,” Nora told him.
“You never paid him, Nora, remember?” her mother reminded her. “I did.”
“Yeah, you wanted to give me two dollars, remember?” Matthew remembered. “That would’ve been a rip-off.”
“But you just said it wasn’t even worth five dollars,” objected Stephanie, staring at him.
“Did I? Then maybe that just slipped out,” he reversed. His mother embraced him the more and the little girl smiled at this. At least, they all knew he wasn’t adopted after all!
Her mysterious grandfather cleared his throat.
“I was coming round to the book, Nora,” he said. “After all, I left it there in the attic when I disappeared. Pity it’s gone. That book was worth more than any military weapon the army ever had, or now has.”
“C’mon, Dad, don’t give us one of those military stories of yours now,” complained his daughter. “This is not the time.”
“But it’s true, Lora,” the captain said to her. “I retrieved the book from a dying Iraqi in the Gulf, who said his grandfather had worked for an ambitious catholic priest called Marcos in Israel and had obtained a strange book from this man. His name was Jehadi and he’d been in a military convoy that was ambushed by the British in Mosul. I met him in a hospital in Yărimjah when my unit took over this town alongside our British allies, and when I saw him that day, I knew he wouldn’t survive his bullet wounds.”
He paused for a while and breathed in deeply, his small audience patiently waiting for him to continue. At length, he turned to his daughter as if to say something, but she looked away and he sadly resumed his story. “Actually, Jehadi wanted to pay for his freedom with the book and intimated me of its mysterious ability to erase any line drawn on its blank pages.”
“Wait—Wait a minute, Dad! That now looks like the story I’m still working on,” Mrs. Quentin finally cut in, surprised. “Sure you didn’t peep into my room before coming here?”
“I don’t know your room, Lora,” her father denied. “Besides, how did I get in here? Must have blanked out or something,” he suggested to himself, looking around.
“You must’ve come in through the window,” suggested Nora.
“Yeah, the window,” took up Matthew.
“You came into my house through my son’s window, Dad?” queried their mother. “What else have you not done?”
“I didn’t peep into your room, did I?” he thought.
“Have you found a title for your book, Mom?” Nora quickly asked before this flare-up could escalate further.
“Sure,” she asserted, holding her forehead. “I guess ‘The Black Book’ is not as nice a title as ‘Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone,’ but it’s just as good.”
Her children were dumbfounded, amazed and horror-stricken at the same time.
“I used you guys in creating my characters, you know,” she dreamily went on. “The book takes you back in time to meet ancient peoples and face heathen kings! What an adventure! Guess I was fortunate enough to get that bit about your . . . two-dollar book from the attic, eh?”
Their mouths were still open.
“What?” she asked them, surprised at this behavior. “You never thought I would get a title, did you?”
“Well, they’re not as surprised as I am, my dear,” said her father. “Could you have . . . possibly . . . come across that book before you started writing? Before it was thrown away?”
“What I’m writing is vintage Lora Quentin, Dad,” she vehemently pointed out. “Don’t think we’re gonna believe that . . . made-up story you just told us ’bout some made-up Iraqi back in your glory days, except in my book.”
“Well, I didn’t believe Jehadi’s story at first,” he continued, “until he showed me the book, but the poor man never needed to pay for his freedom—he died before we were to send him to Abu Ghraib and I took possession of this book.” He said this almost with guilt, turning to the window again. “Jehadi never told me about this catholic priest whom his grandfather got the book from . . .”
“His grandfather got the book from the priest?” whispered Matthew. “His grandfather?”
“What, you now know him?”
“No, Dad. Sorry . . .”
“It’s okay, John. I said that before, son,” agreed the captain. “Jehadi never told me about him, or what else this mysterious book could do, so I never envisaged the enormity of . . . what . . . what I was getting myself into . . . .” And he trailed off in a broken voice.
“Thanks, Dad. You just gave me more ideas for my book,” Lora remarked with mixed feelings.
“We know nothing about any book, Captain Hayfield,” her husband gently supported.
“Oh well,” the old man said, removing his hands from Matthew’s sill and turning back to him. “You’re a very good man, John, and I know you never knew about the book,” he said. “I’m so sorry for what I’ve—I’ve brought upon you this evening and I hope you’ll find it in your heart to forgive me, like my daughter.”
She was looking down at her feet.
“Your kids might know what I’m talking about, though,” brightened her father, “and they might have returned the book to the Booklords as I should have done the day I realized my mistake, except that I was no longer with the book and have spent eleven blithering months roaming the Amazon with a tribe I never knew existed in my entire life.” And then he drew nearer conspiratorially. “Do you know they tormented me for three whole years? I guess I deserved it, though.”
“Is that all, Father?” fumed his daughter. “You disappear for five years from my life and suddenly appear to tell me fairy tales?”
“Oh, please calm down, Mom,” Nora persuaded her mother. “You said it yourself—he’s been helping you with ideas for your book. Don’t you think he could still have more?”
Matthew pinched her for her unalloyed silence about the book.
“I’m sorry, Lora,” mumbled Captain Hayfield, straightening his sweatshirt with one hand. “I’m only glad I’m back and I’m grateful to whoever helped me. I guess I’ve overstayed my welcome, but before I leave, I still have one confession to make. This used to be my house. I arranged for its sale when I found out you wanted to move here and I guess you know how I got you to know about it. Unfortunately, I disappeared the day I should’ve finally moved out while I was in the attic.”
“Oh, Father,” his daughter exclaimed. “More fairy tales?” Her husband looked uncomfortable.
“Seriously?” began the captain. “I disappeared for military reasons I cannot divulge here. I was recalled from retirement for operations in Afghanistan,” he chuckled.
“Now, we’re talking,” nodded Lora. “Though it was fun while it lasted and I can use some of the Iraqi stuff in my book. The Booklords sound okay, too.”
Nora frowned at her.
“What else is gonna turn up now?” she wondered. For all she knew, her mother could be working for Marcos alongside her new grandfather, and who did he hope to fool with this ‘Operation Afghanistan’ lie after that ‘tale’ she knew from her own experience to be true? Certainly not her! “And what of Sergeant Stephen, Grandpa?” she suddenly demanded.
“And Liu Hang, Nora,” contributed Stephanie.
“Don’t you two get it?” snapped Matthew. “It was all made up.” He was wrong about this two if he thought they would have no cause to ask any more questions. Although the ‘fairy tale’ fitted the facts he knew better than the ‘real story,’ this was not the time to prod the old man for more answers.
But the captain understood his concern.
“I’ve never heard of a Sergeant Stephen or Liu Hang, girls, but in my dream, I used the book to pen down names of my men I wanted to watch more closely after each of our military operations in Iraq. Men of . . . questionable character,” he said aloud.
“Now it’s a dream, Grandpa?” Nora pondered out loud. “Hell, no! I know you’re lying.”
“But I can still use that in my book,” her mother pointed out. “I don’t think he is, my dear.”
“Now that I think of it, though,” continued Captain Hayfield, “I never had the chance to monitor these people ‘coz they must’ve disappeared after I wrote down their names. We couldn’t find them when this started happening, as you might’ve guessed, and I never linked this to the book.”
“And how did you come to add your own name, Grandpa?” giggled Stephanie, forgetting all about Liu Hang.
“Well, Stephanie, in my story, I—I . . . did that when I returned from the war since the book was now mine and I thought it necessary to assert this, although I forgot to clean off that poor priest’s name first.”
‘That would have nipped all our problems in the bud!’ thought Matthew.
His grandfather winked at him and he winked back. He just hoped the old man wouldn’t demand for the book later!
“So, when did you write this story?” his little sister asked.
“Uh—I told you; when I came back from the war.”
“I honestly forgot my Dad was such a good storyteller,” exclaimed Lora, raising her hands in defeat. “He also tells the best jokes in the world, but we must call it a day, mustn’t we, Dad?”
The old man lost his smile again.
“What do you mean, Mom?” asked Nora.
“It—It’s getting late, Nora,” her mother clarified. “I guess the storytelling should end now, don’t you think, John?”
“I guess so,” her father nervously supported.
“Then I guess I must be going,” her grandfather groaned and walked to the door. Here he paused and turned back to his only child again, hoping to see pity in her eyes, but he saw none. “Lora, I was wondering if . . .”
“If what, Dad?” she started. “After what you did to Matthew? To me? To . . . Us?” She had tears in her eyes.
“I was only wondering if . . .”
“No, Dad,” she angrily stressed. “It’s too late for that now. You’ve overstayed your welcome! Thanks for the story, though.”
Shoulders hunched, the captain slowly nodded and turned back to the heavy oak door, finally defeated. “By the way, Lora,” he said as he slowly opened the door, “I’ve made a lot as a broker some years after the army, so don’t bother to return the money; I am too old to write another will.”
They all stared at his back, dumbfounded, as he walked down the stairs and out the main door.
“I can’t believe that,” said Stephanie. “Did . . . we just let him go?”
“How could I have known he was the one?” argued their mother. “He gave a wrong name for the will, and I foolishly believed it all. How could I have known he’d become so rich? He was always telling me about stocks and shares when I was young, but I never knew he was that serious about it all.”
“I’ll get him back, Lora,” her husband proposed and went out the door.
“Mom, you’re hugging me too tightly,” Matthew protested, and his mother loosened her grip to kiss him on the cheek.
“I’m sorry, dear, but I almost lost you,” she whispered with tears in her eyes. “I almost lost you, my sweet.”
Nora filled his view with tears in her own eyes. “Forgive me, Noise,” she pleaded affectionately. “I was so wrong about you.” And she joined the hug with Stephanie forming an outer circle. Matthew decided to forgive her for calling him ‘Noise’ for once.
And he soon found himself smiling. What about that crazy word ‘adopted’?
“Ow c’mon!” he shouted with excitement. It would never be part of him again! He was now the original owner of his name and not an orphan from an unknown family. He wouldn’t need to look for his ‘real’ father and mother anymore. Here they all were, and two sisters even came with the bargain! And of course they had always been one big family! Who would ask for more?
“Ow, c’mon!”
“What’s that smell?” asked Mom, sniffing. “Is something . . .  burning?” 



Chapter 34: How It All Ended
NORA stepped out of her Z4 and locked the door. She came early that day and was wearing attire she would have thought unusual and alien to her person before the last weekend: an ankle-length skirt beneath a long-sleeved blouse.
Since Linda was the first to meet her, she was the first to notice this awkward affair.
“Hi, Nora—Jeez! What’s the skirt for? A nunnery?”
“Hi, Lin. Actually, I wanted to look different today.”
“You do look different,” her friend agreed. “No one can deny that. How was your weekend?”
“Fantastic? And yours?” She stopped short of talking about the book. Linda would never believe her.
“Well . . . not fantastic, but it sure was cool. I bought a new saddle for Speed. What happened on Thursday? You just got up and left without meeting Leonard. He was so sorry, you know.”
“I later met him at home,” she lied. “Look, let’s not talk about him, okay?”
“Why? What’s wrong? Don’t you like him anymore?”
“He’s just . . . fallen out of favor, that’s all.”
“I knew he would. The way you were going on about him.”
“Talk of the devil, Linda,” she told her friend, spotting Leonard jumping out of his car on the other side of the parking lot and heading their way.
“Now, that’s a first,” Linda observed.
“What?”
“You called him the devil?”
“Let’s go,” she urged, swerving round to head for a farther door, and Linda followed her.
“Nora, wait,” Leonard called out behind them, taking the steps two at a time. “You’ve gotta hear me out.”
“Can’t we just do that?” protested Linda. “What has he done?”
“Nothing?”
“Nora,” pleaded Leonard.
“Then why are we running away from him?”
Nora stopped in her tracks and turned back. “I’ve never known you to argue, Linda.”
“Hey, what now?”
“You’re right, but I must deal with this, myself. Meet me in class?”
“Sure. Gist me later?”
“Nora,” Leonard groaned, coming up to her. He’d been flustered by his chase.
“What’s the matter with you?” she cried, feigning concern. “Can’t a quarterback easily cover ten steps?”
“That would be twenty, actually,” he corrected, trying to catch his breath. “Look, I’m sorry about last week.”
“What happened last week?”
“The Red Indians? My not being able to stomach the fear of getting killed?” he laughed.
“Oh, that story,” she remembered. “My mom’s working on it, you know. Do you know she’s writing about the black book? She’s even made us characters in her plot.”
“Your mom knows about the book? That’s weird.”
“And why shouldn’t she? It’s just a story, right? Imagination, right?”
“You don’t remember?”
“Of course I do remember, Mr. Coward!” she flared up. “I do remember you failed me by chickening out of that moving cart!”
“Nora, I . . .”
“You what?”
“You guys . . . filmed me with Tricia, remember?”
“Oh! Peter,” she remembered, holding her forehead. “Don’t worry, we won’t publicize it.”
“And Nora, I . . .”
“No, Leonard, not another word!” she snapped at him. “Let me advice you from now on? You’re better off with Patricia and her gay friend!”
And she stormed off, leaving him the more flustered. On entering the long corridor adjoining all the classes, she spotted Peter and his Nigerian friend and quickly straightened her blouse before shaking her blonde hair into place.
“Hi, Peter,” she hailed as she came up to both of them.
“Wow. What’s the rush for?” Ikechukwu wondered.
“I’ll have to find out,” replied Peter. “I’ll see you later in class?”
“Have it your way, man,” and his friend entered one of the nearby classrooms.
“Hi, Peter,” Nora repeated uncertainly, stopping before him.
“Hi, Nora. What’s up?” he quickly responded. “Guess you had a nice weekend?”
“Yes, I did,” she laughed, nodding. “How about you?”
“I went with my dad to a synagogue in Washington, can you beat that?”
“D.C?”
“No. The state. It was wonderful.”
“I’m sure it was,” she agreed, hesitating. “Well, I . . . came to thank you for last week.”
“Why? What did I do?”
“You—You don’t remember?” she asked him in surprise.
“Remember what? What happened last week?”
“The Spartans? Thermopylae? The Huns?”
“Yeah, we had History class last week, but I remember we did ‘The Great Wall of China’ and I didn’t stay near you or help you in any test, which I know Mr. Heaver never made us do, so where are you coming from?”
“But, Leonard remembered,” she began. “He . . .”
“Leonard?”
“So sorry,” she stammered, realizing he could have equally remembered the whole thing like Leonard if the book had allowed it. “Let’s forget about all that, shall we? By the way, Leonard told me to . . . about Tricia’s video . . .”
“Oh, that?” he helped, laughing lightly. “He shouldn’t worry, really—I’ve destroyed the video file.”
She laughed with him.
“Funny, isn’t it?” she asked him and he nodded, smiling. “Anyway,” she began, waving away the story. “I want you to be my friend.”
Peter froze. “’Scuse me?”
“I know I’ve been . . . crazy and—and aloof sometimes, but—but I’m not like that anymore,” she stumbled. “I’m a new person now, Peter. I know you’ll forgive my past mistakes.”
“It’s not that, Nora,” he slowly began. “It’s—It’s just that . . . you’ve never learned. I used to think I was in love with you, but now I know I was only infatuated with this . . . pride you still exhibit.”
“Why—Why do you say so?”
“Nora, you don’t . . . just go around demanding friendship from others. It’s not done that way. You don’t just pick and discard friends. You don’t just keep choosing and dumping them. That hurts.”
“Guess you’re right,” she agreed with a forlorn look, staring down at the floor. “Guess I’ll never change, but would you like to be my friend? Anyway?”
“I’ve always been your friend, Nora,” he soothed. “You just didn’t see it. And that’s the question you should’ve put to me first. No one has the power to make others what they want them to be. Genuine friendship doesn’t work that way.”
“I’m so sorry, Peter,” she begged. “This hasn’t worked out the way I planned it.”
“Genuine friendship only falls into place,” Peter told her. “It is never planned.”
“So, can we start all over?” she pleaded with tears in her eyes. “I’m willing to learn, you know, believe me.”
“I don’t think I can believe you, Nora,” he said, smiling. “I’d rather believe in your ability to change.”

*     *     * 

That evening, Matthew waited outside when everyone had gone inside. He had earlier hidden the book so that his sisters or grandfather wouldn’t find it, and had excused himself by telling Mom he needed to clean his new bicycle for his school’s Sports Week, which was beginning the next day.
From where he was standing, he could hear her voice as she recounted for everyone old memories and jokes her father used to tell her when she was young. Even Nora’s inquisitive questions about Owen and the black book the captain was convincingly taking on as a dreamed-up plot he now wanted to take serious for the sake of his daughter’s book.
What now remained, however, was the real story, and Matthew intended to finish it that evening.
He only had to wait a few minutes before he felt their presence all around him, their black, sharp shapes invoking in him a sense of relief rather than of fear. One of them stretched out a long black hand towards him and he placed the book on its flat lifeless palm before drawing back.
And without a word, they slowly faded away.
Now, the story was finished.


THE END


About the Author
Ukachukwu Chidube George (aka George Shadow) has been writing for almost three years now, although he’s a physiotherapist living in Nigeria. Creativity is his first love, and he has as his motivation for the BOOKLORD ADVENTURES, such titles as the HARRY POTTER Series by J. K. Rowling and THE LORD OF THE RINGS by J. R. R. Tolkien. Such wonderful works of literature are rarely repeated these days, and this was partly the reason for his embarking on the BOOKLORD ADVENTURES SERIES. He has completed a few other romance and fantasy novels and his stories usually take up magic and mystery as themes, with a large dose of history (both real and fantasized) thrown in. He also has some finished short war stories he intends publishing as a book of short battle stories in the future. . . . Titled THE WAR CHEST, this will be a collection of poignant battle tales from around the world.
THE BLACK BOOK is the first part of a fascinating series of six books he has tagged the Booklord Adventures, and is a beautifully written novel filled with very funny scenes. It is suitable for children, teens and even their parents! Thoroughly researched and passionately expressed, this book is a must-have for book collectors and fantasy lovers.



Other Books by George Shadow
1.THE LAST CONSORT

2.THE WHITE BOOK
Part 2 of the BOOKLORD ADVENTURE SERIES
Excerpt

Chapter 1
THE HOMELESS GIRL

AS soon as she reached the girl in the middle of that frosty, snow-choked road, Kimberley hurriedly covered her with the thick squad jacket. The poor girl was clasping a book to her bosom and staring into nothingness with hollow eyes harboring blank pupils, all the while shivering in pain, because the cold had eaten deep into her body.
Kimberley carried her to the car since she could no longer walk. The officer knew it was just a matter of minutes before something very bad started happening. She could hear the girl’s beating heart as she quickly swung open the front passenger door and placed her on the seat, amply covering her with the jacket before slamming the door and running over to her side to slide in behind the steering wheel.
Luckily she had left the engine running, and now stepped on the gas. She only hoped she could get the kid back to headquarters and EMS before any ominous signs popped up.
“Raccoon 5 to HQ; Raccoon 5 to HQ, over . . . .”
“HQ to R5, how can I help you? Over . . . .”
“Got an emergency here, Kate. Little girl got lost, I think . . . need EMS standing by . . . I repeat: EMS standing by, over . . . .”
“On the double, Kim . . . . Hope she’s okay? Over . . . .”
“She’s still alive, though . . . just shivering and muttering to herself.”
“ETA?”
“Approximately five minutes. Just driving past David’s shop right now. Over and out.”
As the patrol jeep hurtled down the street en route to Portwood Police Station, Kimberley glanced at the teenager and noticed that the book she’d been guarding was now out of sight. The female officer had decided to inspect the leather-bound volume later, since its owner needed saving first.
The snow was making driving a bit difficult at the speed she had maintained, but she knew she had to get to the hospital before things got worse for her young friend. At present, the girl was going through incredible bouts of shaking while staring blankly at the windshield.
“They . . . are . . . coming . . .”
“What did you say?”
“They . . . are . . . coming . . . ,” she whispered again, coughing afterwards. “They . . . will . . . never . . . stop . . . until . . . until . . .”
“Until what?” Kimberley had her eyes fixed on the road before this. “Take it easy, dear; they’ll never get you now . . . whoever ‘they’ are . . . we just need to get you to the hospital.”
“No . . .” She sounded alarmed. “T-They won’t stop . . . ever . . .”
“Just quiet down already . . . please?” The police sergeant felt she was losing control of the situation. Ironically, she was trying to remain composed, herself. She thought she was not doing so well in this department, though, and thought of what else to do in order to calm herself down, as well as her young, jittery friend. “By the way, what’s your – OH, SHIT!!”
A lone figure was standing in the middle of the road. The Cherokee swerved wildly, missing him by inches and blowing up snow dust. It veered off the road, its left wheels spinning in the air. For a moment, it was as if it would definitely hit a lamppost, but then it spun round before sliding noisily on its roof, missing the structure by a foot.
Kimberley blacked out when it hit a tree.
The little girl was shouting . . .

*     *     *

The White Book is out late December, 2015.
Hurry! Connect with the author with links on the next page,
call 07030815856 or email mailgeorgeshadow@yahoo.com
for more details!



Connect with George Shadow

Hi! I really appreciate your reading my book!  Here are my social media coordinates:

Like my book page on Facebook

Friend me on Facebook

Follow me on Twitter

Favorite my Smashwords author page



