
Sixteen Stones

Among the Ekulan, the people of the Elk
Paul Telegdi

Book 3 of the Stones Series
(first written: January 2001)

Dedicated to my wife Melanie Telegdi, a partner in all my undertakings.

Copyright © 2014, Paul Telegdi

All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this book or portions thereof in any form whatsoever

Published by Paul Telegdi at Smashwords in October 2014

Foreword
I pushed myself hard to follow Chaiko guiding the Standing-Rock Clan to face new challenges. Being an immigrant myself, I was always fascinated by the role of language in framing a culture, and in 16 Stones I explored the nuances of culture meeting another culture.
I often get the comment from readers that at 14, 15 and 16, Chaiko is really too young to practice the wisdom I ascribe to him. I have two answers to that.
First, throughout the time Chaiko was sidelined by his injury, he lost his status and his voice, but trained himself to be a keen observer. He became a deep thinker through that process of compensating for his handicap; the injury forced him to become wise and his motivation to be of use caused him to be innovative.
Second, people of the time were on a different timeline. They matured early and didn’t live as long as we do today, so of necessity they had to make their mark early. Hence Chaiko.
Again I would like to warn anyone considering reading this book to start with 14 Stones, to get the most out of the series. This is not a stand-alone book: prior knowledge is necessary.
To all friends of Chaiko, I wish you good reading. I know you will like the story for I have enjoyed writing it.

Chapter 1
The crown of a blood red sun peeked over the horizon and flooded the land with a crimson hue. Within heartbeats, the burst changed to a warm orange that raced over the landscape. First only the hilltops caught the golden glow, but soon more features of the land emerged, revealed by an inquisitive light. Reluctantly the darkness receded into the shadows to hide and await its turn to rule the night again.
The world awoke to its restless predawn stirrings. Noisily the birds rose into the air and ground dwellers turned into the freshening light in welcome. They were suddenly free of the dread that stalked the night, free of the oppression that hid in the dark. A groundhog stood on its hind legs on a fresh mound of its burrow, eyes flickering all around, nose twitching nervously as it sniffed the air. High above an eagle circled in its morning flight. Other groundhogs in the hillside colony watched apprehensively as the shadow of death passed over them. The bird was yet far above, and they could risk a quick look at other parts of their world, each hiding some threat. Was there something rustling in the grass or hiding in the confusion of twigs and branches underneath a bush? The eagle banked sharply to one side. From the sentry a shrill warning sounded and in a blur of motion the groundhogs vanished, not waiting to see if danger came any closer. It was always safer in the burrow. The eagle banked and side slipped in the airflow, circling an inexperienced young hare that nibbled on dew-covered leaves, fully distracted by the pleasure of a mouthful. The eagle folded its wings, plummeted downwards, talons extended. Yes, death was always near, and always ready.
The sun rose higher above the rim of the earth like a bird taking flight, unfolding its radiant wings. It looked over hills into the valleys beyond, and filled every recess and depression with color and detail. The tender young leaves of mid-spring shivered in the light breeze awakened by the leading edge of light passing by.
As the sun climbed higher, it illuminated the cliff face and the warmth of its light reached into the cave to play among the sleeping bodies of the Standing-Rock Clan. One man was already awake, standing at the entrance of the cave, his furs tightly clutched about him to ward off the chill of the morning air. He turned his head into the full flood of light and delighted in the soft glow on his face.
The shaman of the Standing-Rock Clan greeted the sun in morning ritual. It had become a daily event. It was commonly held that spirits were most active during the night and hid from daylight, and Chaiko was looking to see if he could catch them before they disappeared into the shadows. But this morning, as other mornings before, the spirits eluded him. Chaiko no longer expected to see them, but stubbornly kept at it, because a shaman was expected to know all things spiritual.
“Welcome Father Sun to the path you follow each day. Fill the world with light, paint colors into the mist and show me the Rainbow Gate.” The gate to all knowledge, or so it was claimed by the old legends. Chaiko was filled with great longing to find this knowledge. His mind told him it was a vain dream, but he persisted in the hope.
Again Chaiko squinted into the sun, now fully above the horizon, settling into its brilliant daytime glow. As his vision melted in the glare, he felt peculiarly suspended in time, and his past began to flood into the present. Had it been only six years since the River of Rocks flowed, severing his leg, cutting off his childhood? It seemed like a lifetime since and he had little in common with the carefree youth that he had been then. Reborn of pain and rejection, the cripple had been nearly consumed by despair and bitterness but an inner core had survived, wanting to be of use, to serve. He had fought to find direction for himself.
But as always, events had found their own course. Two years ago, the Great Fire had driven him into the wilderness. Bereft and alone in a strange land where he should have died, Chaiko had somehow found self-reliance and some inner accommodation that no longer questioned who he was. It was enough that he was alive, and he did all that he did because he could. Then he had met Dawn, and she taught him the rest, giving him a vision of himself. He learned to see himself through her eyes; her expectations provided an anchor for him. Thus was the new man born in protecting her, finding a future for them both.
Who would have thought it back then—but the incredible fact was that at sixteen he had become the shaman of his clan. Wiser than much older men, driven to serve far beyond that which a whole man could, and still thirst for knowledge and truth. There were still times of lingering self-doubt, but he would recite his titles: am I not Master of Fire who can walk through it and not be consumed? Am I not Master of Falcon that it flies where I command it? The Master of the Bone Flute that can hold the bloodthirsty horde at bay? An accomplished Master of Magic? “Careful,” he warned himself sardonically, “soon even you will believe in all that nonsense people claim about you.”
The shadow of a bird passed across the face of the sun, drawing Chaiko’s eyes to follow. The bubble of his self-absorption burst and he settled once more into the present. He again checked the weather signs. A few high clouds in the west promised a sunny day bringing welcomed warmth to mid-spring stirrings of the earth. Already a burst of green freshened the landscape. A moon ago a thick layer of snow had covered the same view, and the world was still frozen in the quiet of winter. It had been mild and would have passed without note, were it not for the tragic loss of Malek. On a winter hunt, while crossing the frozen river, he and Stow went through the ice. The others could not get near to help them on account of the water that suddenly opened up. Vainly did the two men struggle; time and time again, the ice at the edge broke under their weight and cast them back into the frigid waters. Gradually, the freezing cold slowed their struggles and the end was near. Helpless, the others watched, but there was nothing that they could do to help. With the last of his strength, Malek gathered up Stow and threw him onto solid ice, then spent, he slipped below the surface, not to be seen again. With him gone, the clan lost an artist and its most unselfish member. Tragically, Nebu lost her mate, and Ruba and Ork their father. He had been a quiet man, often overlooked, and his loss was felt more by the hole his death left in the fabric of their lives. Yes, there was a big tear in Tanya’s tapestry, thought Chaiko sadly, with severed threads and connections. Who was going to paint and commemorate the events of their lives? Who was going to be father to his sons?
Chaiko had lost a kindred spirit in the man, for the painter had a discerning awareness that sensed beyond the physical. He was the only other person Chaiko could discuss such issues with. Now, he thought kindly of Malek, striving to keep his memory alive. He then thought of Samar, his mentor, dead and buried in the hills to the east. What would he say to all this? Chaiko wondered. That life goes on? That life changes and adapts?
Behind him the cave stirred slowly to life. People awoke, stretched themselves, and rose into the golden light of the sun invading the cave. Their eyes were drawn to the cave opening and recoiled momentarily from the shimmer of the outside world. It promised to be a pleasant day; one could already tell from the soft cast of blue. Framed by the entrance, backlit by the morning glow, the figure of the shaman sat at his customary place. Welcoming the day, sending the spirits to retire to their hiding place, or surely, formulating a magic incantation, as a shaman was expected to do.
Emma, her bones creaking, straightened slowly and moved her limbs cautiously to work out the stiffness afflicting her. Lana bounced from her bedding beside Crow and laughed at the coming day. Her eyes sparkled with merriment as she grabbed the water bag to hurry over to her parents’ hearth to get theirs as well, then hurried on to join the rest of the women on their way to the spring. Tanya rose to one elbow with some difficulty. She was into her seventh moon of pregnancy and the mornings were difficult for her. Each day she felt herself heavier and she despaired of ever looking normal again. She knew that many women never recovered their figures after a pregnancy. Must be a boy, she thought, as she felt a sharp kick of life within her. Lana had never been so active. Baer reached over a steadying hand to support her up to her knees as she awkwardly rose to her feet. Careful not to overbalance herself, she straightened her back not wanting to fall again as she had the other day. She, who had always prided herself on her grace of movement, was trapped in the clumsiness of her condition, wanting to scream sometimes in frustration. People smiled at her, calling out warm greetings, so she swallowed her ire and tried to smile back at them. But inside she bristled with irritation. She checked off the count of her time on her fingers, becoming dismayed that there were more than two moons to go on like this. She bit her lips painfully. If she could only last into the afternoon without exploding in anger at somebody ... the later part of the day was easier on her.
Ile appeared beside her and offered her a bunch of fresh shoots to munch on. Dawn approached likewise with some greens. They knew that Tanya craved anything fresh, even if the taste was still watery or bitter. The headwoman stuffed it all into her mouth, chewing greedily at the pulp.
“Eat, it will do you good,” Ile said encouragingly, knowing that Tanya was concerned with her increased girth but couldn’t curb her appetite.
“You look radiant. Being with child becomes you,” Dawn lied smoothly and saw Tanya’s eyes flash dangerously at her.
Ruba came with a handful of greens sent by Nebu. All of the women, seeing Tanya’s struggles, had been scouring the awakening countryside for delicacies. Tanya pounced on Ruba’s offering which such vehemence that the others were quite taken aback. She chewed hungrily, devouring the whole handful. She tried to look gratefully at Ruba, but it was Dawn who thanked him and his mother. The women looked after him sympathetically, even though they suspected that to some extent, Ruba was affecting hurt to arouse their pity. After all, he had lost his father, saddening them all.
Tay came over and with her customary lack of boundary so characteristic of a child, placed her hand on Tanya’s stomach so that she could feel the baby inside. Tanya frowned and bit her lip again. Ile quickly led the child away, promising to show her something interesting.
“I swear, I can’t stand much more of this,” Tanya hissed to Dawn. She put her hand to her back and tried to ease the discomfort of her posture. Her stomach stuck way to the front, almost grotesquely.
“Sshh...” Dawn stroked Tanya’s hair to calm her. “It will not be much longer.” But they both knew that the last weeks were the slowest.
Tanya, near exploding, said in a strained voice, “Go. Do not ignore your mate.”
Nodding, Dawn left to see what Chaiko would want on such a fine morning. She approached quietly, always on the lookout in case he was too deeply immersed in his thoughts. But he sensed her approach and half turned toward her. “Look how the morning doves congregate in the birch forest to the east, repairing their nests. And look how bright yellow the willow branches and twigs are glowing. I counted seven bees that buzzed by me, doubtless looking for early pollen from the poplars.”
Still thinking of Tanya, Dawn nodded absently, but she quickly noted what he said about the bees and promised to keep her eyes open for hives. Early honey was dark and not as sweet as the later harvest, but after winter, any honey was welcome by tastes starved for variety. Tanya would like some, she thought solicitously, and Yael too, no doubt.
Cosh came over and sat down beside them without speaking. He lifted his face eastward, enjoying the warmth of the sun. Lately, at Ile’s advice, he avoided Baer’s fire. “Best stay out from underfoot,” she had warned; “besides, it would be kinder not to witness some unpleasantness that might be embarrassing later to everybody.” So Cosh came to wait for Baer with Chaiko for their daily council to begin. Tusk and then Ushi joined them. The trader had grown to feel at home among the Standing-Rock Clan and was even starting to think of them as his people. Strange how things worked out, he mused; his mate and children were far, far away, yet he felt more accepted here. No one had asked him to sit at council, though no one had told him to stay away either. It was somehow accepted that with his natural curiosity and his inability to resist being drawn into things, he could do no other. Like wood that fell into the water, he would pop to the surface. Besides, he was knowledgeable and thoughtful, and his advice useful. He had his nose in every corner of the clan and interestingly knew more than anyone else about them all, in spite of being a newcomer.

With the rest of the women, Ela came back from the spring, carrying a heavy water bag. She paused by her fire and playfully nudged Gill with her foot. “Get up mate,” she commanded, “the day is half done already.” He groaned in pretend complaint, but when she did it again he grabbed her foot, drew her down on top of him then snuck a hand under her arms to tickle her mercilessly. A loud shriek cut through the morning leisure and people looked in spite of themselves at the struggling heap of arms and legs. Still Gill tickled and Ela shrieked, half in delight and half in irritation. Heads were shaken disapprovingly, but none more so than Rea’s. He lived at their fire, alternately consumed by envy and resentment. He could not understand how Gill had gotten so much more out of life with a young mate for his pleasure. Surely he was more capable than Gill? Should he not be rewarded accordingly?
Gill was aware of his friend’s feelings but took no offence at them. Knowing that resentment was the emotion that Rea was reliably capable of, he let the veiled insults just bounce off him. Ela was also not insulted. Rea’s preoccupation with her and her mate was in a way just as rewarding as if he were expressing admiration for them. She felt the center of his world as well, and even though it was negative attention, for her, being the focus was enough. So the three formed a peculiar balance about the hearth, very much apart from the rest, though they took no precaution to protect their privacy.
Their visibility had sometimes unexpected consequences. Calla had grown to harbor unexplained resentment toward Ela. She abhorred Ela’s carefree, uninhibited style of life, always acting as if everything revolved around her. Perhaps when Calla was young, she had herself been that way, but the years had taught her otherwise. Now, she resented Ela for so indulging herself: did the girl not know how unseemly it all looked? The others noted her dislike, and indulged her view as much as they indulged Ela’s.
The winter had marked Kor dramatically. A moon or so ago, the cold wind blowing out of an unusual quarter had forced itself into the cave and had chilled him badly. He found himself congested, hardly able to breathe. Then a fever followed that robbed him of strength. Calla nursed him through it solicitously, worrying and fearing what would happen to her if he were to die. He recovered slowly, and though he eventually shook off the illness he never regained his vitality. He had become an old man, with a vacant, washed-out look on his face, sitting quietly out of the way where Calla had placed him, lost in memories. Calla would have to yell at him to bring him back into the present. His hands had lost the feeling for the stones he liked so much and though he would sit for a long time with a stone in hand the work would not progress. The focus of intent and the craftsmanship were gone. At nights Calla would cry as she hugged him tightly to infuse some warmth into his frail body. It was sad to see him fade, sitting quietly in the sunshine, his back slumped and his chest collapsed, just a shadow of the pride he had been. Of all people it was Ruba, who had never concerned himself with the old man, who brought colored stones and odd objects to delight Kor, who occasionally cracked a toothless smile or gave a cackle of amusement. It was generally agreed that Kor had had a good life. It was Calla whom people pitied instead. But she was made of stern stuff, and though she cried in the night, by daylight she was resolute to live life as if it still had some promise to it. She took her miseries out on Ela all the more.
Kor’s expertise was badly missed by the clan. Now all stonework was left to Chaiko, to add to his other responsibilities. Fortunately, Kray had grown in skill and was able take over most woodworking tasks. The big man was content; he was a good hunter and craftsman, not inspired as Kor had been, but fine nonetheless. He was well respected and liked without being in the centre of people’s views and opinions. He had an accommodating mate and healthy children. In a way he was untouched by the sadness of the events; though he missed Malek he was not struck down with grief on account of it. With a simple view of life, Kray concentrated on the few things he knew and did not bother with the rest. In a way he was much like Cosh, perhaps without the obligation to serve and shoulder the responsibility of leadership. But then, Cosh did all that gladly, not from some inner drive, but because he was a friend and age-mate of Baer and thus naturally fell into supporting him. It was obvious that friends often turned a person into who or what he became.
Lana had come back with water from the spring and went to her parents’ fire. She rummaged through the stores and handed some dried fish to her parents to eat. Tanya looked with distaste at the stiff portion she held and would have liked to throw it away but controlled herself with some effort. Lana watched her, calculating; should she prod her into a reaction and risk an eruption now or wait a little more into the day? To spare her father such a spectacle, she decided to wait until somewhat later. Baer escaped as soon as he could without looking like he was.
But Tanya was much too bright to miss any of this and in her present state much too querulous to let it pass. “I am so tired of always being nice,” she confided to her daughter, “when I would much rather bite everyone’s head off. People expect me to be always so good and gracious. Well I don’t feel like it! And perhaps I will never feel like it again! People just better get used to it!” The headwoman looked at her daughter with eyes sparkling with overcharged emotions, but then continued more defensively, “It’s no use going about giving me reproachful looks. I have a right to my feelings too.”
“I did not say anything,” Lana said as neutrally as possible.
“You did not have to! It is obvious from the way you pussyfoot about!” Tanya pounced, itching for an argument which Lana was equally determined to deny her.
“Shh, mother. Do not make a scene!” Lana remonstrated.
“A scene? This place desperately needs a scene to liven things up a bit. You are all such sticks in the mud!” She made a vehement throwaway gesture to further vent her frustration but she nearly fell over from its momentum. Lana threw her arms about her mother and steadied her, saying, “Shh, shhh!” Tanya started to cry then reluctantly yielded to the flow of her feelings, her body sagging into her daughter’s arms. She cried soundlessly, her body gasping for breath in between. “Feel better?” her daughter asked solicitously, glad to have her mom relieved. The rest of the day would be much easier.
“Yes,” Tanya said, feeling guilty for her morning outburst. “I just don’t know what comes over me. It was never like this when I carried you.”
“Yes and look what a mousy girl I turned out to be,” Lana chuckled.
“You turned out just fine,” her mother said, already distracted.

Baer went to join the men around the council fire. They threw sympathetic looks at him, but he warded off any comments with a frown. My mate is fine and I am fine, his knit brow declared. He sat down heavily and cast a suspicious look at the stiff portion of fish in his hand. He bit into the tough piece that tasted like wood. He spit it out in distaste. The others were careful to watch something else instead. Even Tusk pulled his neck in.
“Well?” Baer started, “does anybody have something to say?” Nobody had.
“Anything to report?” No, nothing at all.
“Should we talk about nothing then?” he continued sarcastically, then flashed a look at Cosh. “About bison, not yet here?” then switched to Chaiko, “about spirits, invisible as they may be? Or about hunting frogs?” He turned challengingly on Tusk. They were all nodding conciliatorily; yes they were ready to talk about anything. There was an old clan saying, “Do not argue with a man who has a toothache, for as it bites him so he will bite you.” The advice seemed appropriate in the present circumstance. It was a hard thing when one’s mate was so out of sorts that like a stone thrown into a pond, the concentric circles spread out to disturb the whole clan. People, Baer included, were overly affected because Tanya was normally so considerate and gracious that they were unable to tolerate an unkind word from her. From her, therefore, it was like being rejected by one’s own mother. Still, Chaiko had to wonder about the possibility of two men, each having a toothache: what would the protocol call for then?
“Well, let’s talk about beetles,” Baer, still dissatisfied, threw into the quiet. Raising a careful eyebrow, Ushi looked at Tusk who merely shrugged a shoulder, but not too high.
“Let’s not!” Chaiko finally hazarded, careful to keep his voice pleasant but determined. “It comes to mind that since winter is over we should be preparing for first hunt and then to celebrate First Fires.” The others nodded quickly. Yes, let’s talk about that instead!
Baer gave them all a baleful look, and they all held their breath. They knew that Baer was merely passing on what he got. Day after day he held it in, but occasionally spewed it out, like now. He shook himself and slowly the irritation faded from his face and his body contours relaxed. His eyes were still shrouded, but now more from not having better control of himself. The others hoped he would not try to apologize and make the moment even more painful.
“First hunt?” he queried; “we have not seen anything worth hunting.”
“There were elk tracks to the north...” Cosh hurried them along this track.
“Saw some deer on the edge of the marshes...” Tusk threw in.
“There are some mountain sheep...” Ushi contributed. In all their eagerness they were stepping on each other’s words. Chaiko smiled; to hunters, talking about hunting solved any problem. Good, let them talk. He quietly slipped away in his mind, thinking about what he would say about his plans. The time had come to start preparing for them. He worried about the problem from all directions, chewing on each idea like a hyena on a carcass, stripping it clean.
“Chaiko..?” Baer said, his face quizzical. Chaiko had not been listening so he had no idea what the conversation had been about. A quick look around confirmed that they all expected an answer from him. But he had his own line of thought to follow and launched into it.
“After the great fire that swept the plain, when I got separated from the rest of you, I stayed on the other side of the plain where the river took me. I survived as best as I could, but I was alone. There was no one to talk to, no one to listen to. I talked to the trees and animals and had to listen to myself. Sometimes my mind played tricks on me. The loneliness finally drove me to start back to find the clan. My wooden leg was working well and I made good progress, but still the way across the plain seemed impossibly long then, and I despaired of ever finding my way across.” He paused, thinking of the past with fondness. The others were exchanging surprised looks; where was this heading?
“Then, in the middle of the plain I came across a lone, lost girl who neither spoke nor understood my language. After moons of being alone, I had so, so much to say, but she could not comprehend any of it. So I taught her my language, the language of the clans. And she learned quickly, very quickly. Quicker than I would have, I suspect.” He paused again, lost in the thread of memory. The others waited, wondering, but on the other hand they were used to it for the shaman was often unreadable.
“Well it is time I learn her tongue,” Chaiko said. The others heard the decision in his voice, but could not understand its import.
“It is time I walk as she walked to follow me here. It is time I trust her as she trusted me then. It is time to give her back her childhood and family...” his speech trailed off. The others waited, beginning to feel something impending that they were not sure they wanted to hear.
“I, my mate and my son, will visit the People-of-the-Elk!” Chaiko uttered the words he had been thinking about for some time. “I want my son to learn the heritage of his mother’s people.” A silence greeted this proclamation. The shaman to leave the clan? Was that possible? No one left the clan! Simm just did not come back, Tael had run away. But to leave willingly?
“Brother, what will we do without you?” Baer asked, his voice surprisingly small. The question had shocking implications. How had they become so dependent on their shaman? Not yet sixteen years old? With all that happened in a short year, could they survive without him? They did not even like the possibility of having to find out.
Ushi was the first to awake to the adventure being proposed. “Visit the People-of-the-Elk? I have never seen them. Are they all like Dawn?” His eyes blinked as the questions flashed behind them. “Can I go with you?”
“We are not going yet,” Chaiko said, then smiled at the obvious relief that swept the rest. “Dawn would not even think of going until Tanya has her baby.” They all quickly nodded at that; that made good sense.
“And I will have to visit the Tolmecs before,” he resumed somewhat apologetically. “After all, I am their Spirit Guide. We promised them in the Agreement between our peoples, do you not remember? It was one of their conditions for ceasing hostilities.” They nodded again, remembering. So, they were going to lose their shaman after all.
“When would you go then? To the Tolmecs?” Baer asked.
“In a couple of days, perhaps.” Chaiko shrugged his shoulders. “We would be back for First Hunt and First-Fires.”
“You would not go alone?” Baer continued prodding.
“No, I have in mind to take Ushi with me, if he wants to go. And perhaps Chandar.” The shaman had noted the growing restlessness in that young man. The problem was that there were no available females for him. Chaiko thought that perhaps the adventure of visiting the Tolmecs would distract him sufficiently.
A short quiet followed, as all of them digested the import of these considerations. Baer was more unsettled than he let the others see, for he never once thought that Chaiko might leave for however short a time and here he was proposing not one but two trips.
So it was with a bit of disquiet that the morning council dispersed. Soon word of Chaiko’s intent circulated all the fires, hotly debated. They all felt uneasy at risking their shaman and did not like to be abandoned by him. Some were bold enough to say outright that the shaman should not leave the clan alone and that he should be prevailed upon to give up his travel plans. Their reliance on Chaiko had grown so much that no one remembered the cripple anymore, unseen and ignored. How life could change sometimes, and turn things upside down.
Dawn herself was unsettled by this announcement, and wished at least that he would have discussed it with her beforehand and allowed her to prepare to be the center of attention. She would not remonstrate with him directly, but all of a sudden Chaiko noted her statements reflected self-criticism. A sure sign that she was displeased with him.
“But I promised you last year already that we would go and find your people. You were all for it then,” he said to her in plaintive tones.
“Yes, but that was many moons ago and you have said nothing about it since,” she said very softly, too softly for his liking.
“I keep my promises,” he said defensively; “I do not throw empty words into the wind.”
“No you do not,” she was quick to come back. “Still, does it not behoove the lead gander to share the direction the flock is to fly so that all the geese can follow him? Or should they just blindly follow, even if he, the leader, goes all over the place, first this way then that way.”
The furrows on Chaiko’s brow deepened as he tried to follow her allusion. For her it was always easier to talk roundabout, avoiding a direct confrontation. If he was going to visit her people he had better pay attention to the nuances here. Was she making a goose out of him? Or a gander?
“They fly north or they fly south. What else is there to discuss?” he asked. “I said we would visit your people and that is what we will do. Or do you not want to go now?”
“Yes, I would very much like to go, just the timing is not right. We will have to wait for Tanya to give birth—”
“And so we will,” he hurried to assure her.
“But stay a little longer to make sure she and the baby are alright—”
“That too we will do.”
“Make sure that the baby is nursing alright and she has plenty of milk—”
“That too,” he said but it was beginning to dawn on him that it was not going to be a simple matter to just get up one day and leave. Then he recalled how they had prepared to go in search of the clan. That time it took them something like a moon and a half to get ready. “Surely, we need not take much?” he asked hopefully.
“That too has to be considered,” she replied. “We must find appropriate gifts to take. Only beggars go empty handed.”
It was not going to be a simple adventure after all; he might as well resign himself to that fact. It would be organized and prepared for to the very last, little detail. Still was it not akin to his painstaking planning when it concerned the wellbeing of the clan? She was doing her responsibility and doing it well. Should she not deserve his support and consideration? Surely! Even so he had a sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach that quickly increased as he saw her tick off a mental list on her fingers. This to do and that to do. Going to the Tolmecs would in a way avoid some of that, he consoled himself.
Over the next few days, people looked at Dawn in a new light. They liked her and had accepted her. But the intended trip reminded them that she was of other people. In some egocentric manner they had forgotten that, just as they had forgotten the cripple that turned into their shaman. It was not convenient to remember some uncomfortable facts, so why now? Yet it was unthinkable to lose their shaman and the one they called Dawn. They looked at her closely, searching for signs of alien strangeness that would set her apart, but could find little. They suddenly realised how well she fit into the life of the clan; how with her quiet manner and courtesies she had made herself one of them. That was why it seemed to them so inconceivable that she would want to leave them now.
Suddenly, when they spoke with her, there was talk of ‘your people.’ Even Ile asked “Do your people mate like we do? One woman to one man and have children and families? Do you sing to celebrate and cry when you are sad?” She asked even though she had heard Dawn sing and seen her dance and a few occasions seen her cry. Suddenly Dawn had become a curiosity, like never before. People who thought they knew her well suddenly realised that they knew her not at all. They besieged her with questions, sometimes silly in their ignorance of her people’s ways. Throughout, Dawn remained patient and gracious and answered all their questions honestly. There was one question she would not answer: “Now that you know our ways, do you not think they are best?”
She would reply carefully, “Of course the way of the clan is best for the clan.”
But then they would ask, “But now that you know clan ways which one would you choose?”
“Here or there, a woman follows her mate,” she would state simply and only Chaiko knew how to complete her thought; it was thus not a choice at all. But back at the fire in the middle of an empty plain, it had been a matter of her choice to follow him and to share his destiny. Now, he would be paying some of that debt of trust by taking her back to visit her family.
Tanya, in spite of her present moodiness, was the most understanding. She told Baer, “Of course the girl has to go, to see her family and people. She has to let them know that she is alright. Can you imagine how they must feel, thinking their daughter dead this long a time? She must go, and I can’t think why she would have waited this long. We must, however, make sure to send an appropriate escort with the two of them.” All the more generous, as of them all, Tanya would miss Dawn the most. As to how they would do without their shaman, she said matter of factly, “We got along without him before, and if we have to, we can do without him now, for a few moons, anyway. Had you not thought that being a shaman is a very heavy burden for one so young? It will do him good to get away from all the demands here, and I know that Dawn still longs for the time they were alone together, alone but very close.” So reluctantly Baer reconciled himself to his brother’s plans.
Over the next few days the rest of the cave adjusted to the idea, with a growing sense of acceptance though not outright approval. So when Dawn started to work on her list of gifts to take, people joined in to help her out. Kor gave her a very fine stone dish, perfect for grinding seeds; Calla contributed some dried lavender for scenting furs; Kray made a very fine spear and walking stick an old person would need. Tanya contributed the softest of sable fur much prized for its silky texture. All the rest gave according to what they had or was their handiwork. Soon, the pile grew to be too large even for two men and had to be repacked and reorganized. Dawn thrived on this task, checking off items against her mental list, correcting, adjusting, reordering. Chaiko, however, was not very helpful in this undertaking. He listened only with half an ear to her obsessing over each gift, and preferred to think of other things, like the visit to the Tolmecs. He had ascertained that Chandar was indeed eager to go on the proposed adventure. So, with Ushi, the three of them would make an adequate delegation to the fierce world of the Tolmecs.

Chapter 2
Four days later the three men were nearing the river on the western edge of the plain. The hills on the other side loomed up ahead, shrouded by the morning mist. The level of the river was still high, the current swift and in places turbulent. Chaiko had an eerie sense of having been here before. In a way he had; two years ago after a long ride down this same river to escape the firestorm, he had spent a moon on the other side, though somewhat more to the north. A feeling of loneliness that had tormented him then, hauntingly rose in him again. He tried to shake off the feeling, but it persisted, as the familiar line of hills and the river harked back to that time.
Chandar was also experiencing a similar reaction. He had been this way only last year with Crow and Makar to rescue Lana and Ido then held prisoners by the Tolmecs. Today they were following the same route. He thought he recognized the cluster of bushes the three young men hid behind waiting for night to attempt crossing the river. Chandar pointed out the entrance to the valley that led into the hills and then somewhat more to the north, the path along the ridge they had used as their escape route.
“They had sentinels hidden in those hills,” Chandar said, indicating a high point, and Chaiko had to wonder about the three young men who had dared to cross into enemy territory— to challenge the unknown. He wondered if they had been given enough recognition for their bravery. Certainly Makar often recited the poem he composed to commemorate that exploit, but it was hard to translate those artful phrases into real land and into real flesh and blood.
They paused at the water’s edge and went up and down the shore a ways, looking for the best place to cross. Ushi and Chandar went to collect sticks to make bundles to help them cross. Chaiko plucked some dry grass and twisted handfuls into cords to tie the wood together. Chandar came back with an armful and threw it down beside the shaman.
“I have my wood already to help me float,” Chaiko joked, patting his wooden leg.
Chandar, however did not smile; with a pinched face he finally confessed apprehensively, “I can’t swim.”
Chaiko looked up at him. “Then you better let the wood do the swimming. All you have to do is guide it.” He said it casually, as if it were the easiest thing in the world to do.
Ushi came back with his arm full of wood. “That should be enough.” The three of them made bundles tightly secured by the grass rope. Then, each taking one, they made their way to the water’s edge. There they paused, took their wraps off, and made tight bundles of them to keep out of the water. With a significant look at the trader, Chaiko handed Ushi Chandar’s wrap and the trader nodded in understanding; he would keep it dry.
“The river looks placid,” Chaiko said emphasizing each word to ease Chandar’s worries. Then he further instructed, “Don’t fight against the current; let it carry you. Kick for the other shore.”
“Kick?” Chandar’s face was apprehensive.
“Yes, in water all one can do is kick with the legs and pull with the arms. So...” and he attempted to show the movement, looking comical as he tried to kick and pull at the same time. He tried to add something reassuring but no clan saying covered the situation. “A man who acts without fear may be brave, but the man who acts in spite of his fear is braver.” Chandar nodded, his face pasty but determined. The shaman then checked the small pouch that contained a live ember wrapped in a grass wad, tucked inside a moist clay lining. He would have to keep the small item dry.
The three eased themselves into the frigid river that was swollen with the melt water from the hills. Chaiko had chosen a spot that was relatively calm to avoid panicking Chandar. Step by painful step they forced themselves further into the river, the cold water climbing higher, above their knees, thighs and past their groins. A burning cold pressed in on them, taking their breath away. The pressure of the water increased the deeper they got, making it harder to stay upright against its icy embrace. Soon they were all shivering and their teeth chattered. Throughout, Chaiko kept an arm on Chandar. So far so good. They were past the halfway point now, but a dangerous smoothness up ahead indicated the deep channel that flowed by the far shore. Then Ushi, who was to the fore, settled into the water and started to paddle with one arm as he drifted swiftly downstream in the clutches of the current. Chaiko held onto his bundle of wood and furs with one hand while with the other he steadied Chandar. The young man’s eyes were round, as he fought his fears.
“Hang on. We are nearly there,” Chaiko yelled as the current took hold of them both. Soon they were carried downstream by the swift flow of the water. Chaiko kicked, but his wooden leg could find little resistance to push against. He kept kicking, his hand still holding onto Chandar. It was an exhausting effort, the cold paralyzing. The far shore still did not get any nearer. “Kick!” he yelled at Chandar. The cold had stiffened their limbs and their movement slowed to ineffectual thrashing in the water. They would not last much longer, Chaiko realized. He thought of Dawn and Yael and for an instant considered letting the current take the young man out of his hand, freeing him of his obligation, but he immediately banished the thought; if they died, they would die together. Desperately he kicked against the coldness holding them, against the depth that could swallow them. “Kick,” he commanded again.
Just ahead, Ushi clambered out of the water, grabbed a long branch and held it out to them. As they swept past Chaiko managed to grab the utmost twig and he held onto it pleading for it not to break. The wood bent with the strain of their weight but it dragged them nearer to shore. Ushi moved as fast as he could downstream, stumbling among the slippery rocks, trying to reduce the tension and to keep pulling them closer. Chaiko was himself stretched, one hand desperately holding onto the branch, the other onto Chandar, with the bundle jammed under his arm, an impossible posture to maintain for much longer. Then the branch, flexible though it was, finally snapped and the river grabbed the two men again. Just then, when all seemed lost, Chaiko touched bottom. He shoved mightily with his foot and then they were stumbling about on slippery rocks, miraculously in shallow water. Ushi waded in, helping them out, jabbering excitedly with relief. They were shivering uncontrollably, their lips a startling blue. With stiff, trembling fingers they struggled into their wraps. Luckily, the skins had weathered the crossing relatively dry, but even so they were so cold that they provided little immediate comfort.
Chaiko dropped to the ground by a tuft of dry grass. He fumbled with his fire-pouch, shocked to see his fingers all white and he was barely able to make them move. With great effort, he unwrapped his bundle and much to his relief found the ember still alive. It gave off a wisp of smoke at the fresh air it was suddenly allowed to breathe. Chaiko pressed the smoldering piece into the dry grass and blew onto it. Soon the smoke, freshened, grew in substance then suddenly burst into flames. Ushi started feeding it twigs, careful not to stifle it, then added larger and thicker pieces of driftwood that lay all about. Soon the fire blazed and the three were gratefully huddled close around it. Still they shook and trembled in body and limbs, and their jaws rattled uncontrollably. Ushi tried to rub some heat into Chandar who had swallowed some water and was still sputtering, his body numb with cold. Chaiko hugged his knees tight to his chest, seeking to make himself into a tight ball to conserve body heat.
Crackling eagerly, the fire burned and radiated its heat generously. But as the numbness receded, it was replaced by pain as feeling slowly returned to the limbs then excruciatingly out to the extremities. It took some time for the three men to warm up sufficiently to stop shaking. It had been a near thing, Chaiko thought, and it was not going to ease any of Chandar’s fears about crossing rivers. One step at a time, he reminded himself.
When their minds could finally turn to other thoughts, they ate dried fish that had become soggy in the crossing and was easy enough to chew. Afterwards, craving something more substantial than fish, they chewed on dried bison meat. A degree of comfort returned, but repeatedly the trembling resurfaced as their core temperatures were slower to recover.
Ushi started telling tales. “Ah, this was nothing,” he said dismissingly. “One winter among the Akarris we crossed an ice bridge over a lake. At one spot, the current had eaten away the underside of the ice and our guide went though into the water below. He screamed once and that was that. He bobbed to the surface and somebody grabbed him by the hair and they pulled him out, but the wind was so cutting that within an eyeblink he had stiffened up, frozen solid in his furs. We dragged him to shore and built a fire, but it was too late already. I remember watching the icicle that was his mustache melt. His mouth was open, full of ice too, and his eyes were bugging out. When that too melted the eyes burst from the freezing and collapsed. Looked very much like grapes turned inside out.” Then he took one more bite of the dried bison meat, chewing on it thoughtfully. In comparison, this crossing was not nearly so bad. Chaiko observed to himself that death came in many varieties but to the dead it no longer mattered, or did it? He shrugged at that, perhaps earlier during the crossing, he had come near the answer himself, too near.
“Teach us some Tolmecs words,” Chaiko suggested, wishing to steer the conversation to more comfortable topics.
“Shebbla is snow. Sheb-balah,” the trader said accommodatingly. “Shebbla when it is large and fluffy and seems to drift out of the skies. Torblain when it is hard and gritty, driven by the wind. Shomasek when it lies hard-packed on the ground, almost as dense as ice. Korcar when it is loose and almost hollow. Temagan when it gets ...”
“Hold it!” Chaiko interrupted. “Not so fast. Besides, tell us something useful, that we can use in a conversation.”
Ushi looked at them cheerfully, thought a moment and said slowly as if speaking to children, “Sihome te li asto bateh. Si-ho-me te lii ast-to ba-teh.”
Obediently the others repeated, “Sihoma tee le ast bath.”
Ushi started to laugh and made them repeat it over and over again, each time laughing even more. Finally Chaiko interrupted him crossly, “And its meaning?”
“Oh, it is just a pleasantry they wish each other on occasions,” the trader said but could not contain his laughter. “It is hard to translate.” He rolled on the ground, helpless with laughter.
“Well try!” Chaiko said icily. “Strain yourself!”
“May you...” tried the trader but he convulsed again. “May you ... fart in happiness...” he roared. “Actually ... may you fart in full happiness.”
“They do not!” objected Chaiko. “They do not say that!”
“But I assure you, they do.” Ushi maintained. “They say it when they want to convey that one is so full of happiness that one must fart or burst holding it in. When you think about it, you must admit that they are not entirely wrong.”
“Seems an odd way of expressing happiness,” commented Chaiko, not quite sure he could trust the trader.
“We say sometimes, full to bursting, do we not? Well, they took it one step farther that is all.”
Chandar, who had been subdued since the crossing, now contributed, “Sometimes we belch after a feast to show how satiated we are and to show appreciation to the cook. It is then considered an appropriate and polite thing to do. So I guess it is not so far then for the Tolmecs to use their other end to pay their compliments.” He shrugged his shoulders.
“Well, all the same, you had better teach us something else. I do not feel comfortable starting a conversation with that,” Chaiko said somewhat mollified. They tried more useful words and phrases.

It took until noon for them to feel warm enough to resume their journey. They extinguished the fire and headed toward the hills. Chaiko had once again the peculiar feeling of being on the wrong side of the river, reawakening all his memories of two years ago. In spite of knowing exactly where he was now and where the rest of the clan was, he still could not shake the feeling of abandonment that had so taken hold of him then. He glanced over his shoulder at the river behind. Yes, the river was more than just a physical boundary, it was a mental barrier of sorts as well.
They followed the path into the rapidly narrowing valley leading into the hills. Chandar stopped and pointed to a knoll just ahead on the right. “That is where they were hiding. There they took Crow prisoner.” They proceeded more cautiously yet outwardly feigned unconcern. Sure enough, around a slight bend, six Tolmecs with weapons ready jumped into their path, barring the way. The three made no move to defend themselves. Ushi called out a greeting in their tongue, trying to sound friendly and jovial. Soon, after a few more words, the hostile attitude of the Tolmecs changed radically as they recognised their Spirit-Guide. They pressed in on Chaiko, touching him to connect with his power. Chaiko recoiled from their intrusion, but stifled his protest. It would be good to know, he remarked to himself, what they would expect of their Spirit-Guide.
It took a little longer for the excitement to subside and some protocol to emerge from this surprise. Hastily the Tolmecs conferred among themselves. Quick assignments were agreed upon. Two were appointed as escorts while one was sent ahead as a messenger to alert the camp of their coming and three remained behind to continue with their guard duties. It was obvious that the three stayed behind with considerable reluctance.
Ushi spent the whole way talking animatedly with their escorts, practising their language. Chaiko flattered himself that here and there he recognised a word or two though the flow of the conversation escaped him. At times Ushi and the Tolmecs burst into laughter, making Chaiko admire the trader’s mastery if he could banter with them so freely. Chaiko remembered that jokes from another culture were the hardest to understand, much less to appreciate.

It was almost evening when they finally neared the Tolmec encampment that had been visible up ahead. A large crowd of people came out to welcome them and give them honor. Again they pressed in, touching Chaiko who, forewarned by his earlier experience, had his reactions under better control. He nodded pleasantly at each, acknowledging every touch. One warrior in full paint bowed, took Chaiko’s hand and lifted it to his forehead in what Chaiko assumed was a sign of absolute respect. All this focus made him uneasy but he hid his feelings behind a calm mask, trying to smile through it. He had to remind himself that it was Latto they were really reaching for, to connect with their beloved Spirit-Guide whose office Chaiko had inherited by the strangest of circumstances.
Ushi was soon busy addressing the Tolmecs in a booming voice accompanied with grand gestures. Chaiko, of course, could not understand but he left it to the trader to introduce them and their mission as best as he could. Soon emerging from the crowd was a group of dignitaries to whom Ushi addressed his speech more and more, though he took care never to ignore the rest, including them all in his gestures.
Chaiko watched the faces carefully. The leaders, he noted, were well disciplined, able to hide their feelings and thoughts, but the rest of the multitude easily gave their emotions away. Judging by the majority of reactions, the visitors were genuinely welcome and there was a corresponding mood of rejoicing in their midst. Reassured somewhat, Chaiko smiled a little easier. At this a glad stir passed through the crowd and Chaiko smiled more widely still. When a young boy about five ran to him with the unaffected directness of a child and touched him, Chaiko tousled his hair. The mother rushed out to gather up the child then repeatedly bowing to Chaiko in apology for the breach of etiquette, melted back into the crowd.
Finally, it seemed enough was done to satisfy the protocol and the whole crowd flowed back toward camp. In a little while Chaiko saw a stout timber fence that protected the compound. He marvelled at the immense amount of work it took to erect and maintain such a barrier. Whole trees were made to stand, dug into the soil with earthworks behind them. These people, indeed, valued their safety and security.
On the other side of the palisade they arrived among a confusion of huts. As Chaiko observed these structures with interest, it occurred to him that there was an advantage to having such a construction even inside a cave. A flar made of grass, reeds and sticks. How clever. But as they passed a circle burned into the ground, he also became aware of its disadvantage. He wondered if that was part of Crow’s handiwork of the year before. The crowd flowed through the maze of huts, appearing and disappearing as the procession surged through the camp. Near the centre the crowd again reassembled, swollen by many more of their numbers. There were speeches and more protocol again. Shifting from one foot to the other, he thought how important appearances were to these people and that he needed to demonstrate ample respect in return. He felt that the words were often aimed at him so he tried to look as if he understood and was in agreement with all things being said. From the sonorous tones he soon realised how much Ushi liked to hear himself talk but had to admit that he must be performing well, as signs of admiration often swept the crowd. As the light slowly dimmed with evening approaching, Chaiko had to stifle a yawn and wondered how Chandar managed to look so interested in the proceedings he could not understand. Chaiko then saw the young man eyeing some of the comely girls who were obviously interested in his handsome appearance. The girls giggled. Chandar smiled, well aware that he, unlike the other males present, was without the scars that marred the Tolmec men’s faces.
When it seemed that the ceremony would never end, they were ushered into an imposing hut. Several fires illuminated the interior, the flickering flames casting a confusion of shadows onto the wall. Chaiko, Chandar and Ushi were conveyed to the centre, obviously to a place of honor. Then all the dignitaries of the tribe secured places around them. To his right, Chaiko found himself looking into the scarred face of an older man with traces of paint still here and there on the skin. Chaiko then noticed that all were unpainted and pondered the significance of that.
Women came, offering food. Chaiko looked interestedly in the bowl given to him, containing a piece of meat, some roots, leafy things and nuts. Very much like a clan meal, he concluded. Eating was a very serious ritual, as all ate quietly with unusual intensity. There was not a trace of congeniality to be felt. It was like a pride of lions taking their turn around a kill in accordance to some strict protocol. The headman beside him finished and put his bowl down, apparently the signal for the end of their meal. Although not quite finished himself, Chaiko hurried also to put his bowl down. Women came to remove the dishes and disappeared with them outside. A stir passed through the men as if this was another signal that some event was completed or something else could begin.
Soon Ushi was talking once more. It seemed that the evening would be spent this way, but Chaiko had enough. He told Ushi firmly, “It is time you let us in as to what is going on.”
A sudden quiet followed his words, the first he had spoken in this assembly. It occurred to him that perhaps he should have blown the flute instead. Was that not his badge of authority with these people? “Where is Toemain? Where is Goglane?” he asked instead.
“Toemain went south to another part of the Tolmec realm that needed his attention. Goglane is with him. Hook-Nose as well, as he incurred Toemain’s displeasure through his repeated failures. The notable to your right is the leader of this tribe now.” Chaiko turned toward the man and courteously inclined himself in recognition of his rank. The man was quick to reciprocate the gesture, but the smile on his face remained stiff and unnatural. This was a cagey old warrior, probably a tough buzzard, a veteran of many infights, who had seen too much to be overly impressed by anything.
“Tell them that we have come to learn of their ways,” Chaiko said.
Ushi blinked at him. “I did already.”
“Well then, tell them we have come to teach them new ways.”
“I did that too.” The trader blinked again.
“How about washing their hands of the blood of their history.”
“Did that too.”
“Teach them the ways of peace?” Again Ushi nodded. “Teach them to get along with their neighbors?” Ushi shrugged his shoulders apologetically. “With each other?” Chaiko was getting irritated. He disliked being a figurehead; everything was happening outside his control.
“Well if you have told them everything already tell them that we shall teach them to piss on their fires to put the flames out. Or did you tell them that too?” he asked acidly.
“That ... that no.” Finally the trader answered in the negative.
“Well then tell them!” said Chaiko with a curt command; he had to bring Ushi under his control and not let the trader promise the world away with his mouth.
“About pissing?” Ushi asked, genuinely shocked and perplexed.
“Yes! Just so!” The Tolmecs pricked up their ears with renewed interest; they could recognise a command and the translator’s reluctance.
“Shahamar eto waki laito bare, ecu essa,” Ushi translated, uncertain of the proper formulation.
A quiet greeted his words, as the Tolmecs looked at each other. Faces turned into stone, falling into familiar folds. Chaiko noted again that they were all well trained to hide their expressions. Then suddenly, from a back row, laughter erupted and eased the tension. A few joined in, enjoying Ushi’s discomfiture. In the harshness of their laughter and in its aggressive cadence, Chaiko realised that they had not learned much of human qualities; this was but a braying of animals, with not a touch of humour in it, more like the baring of teeth instead of a real smile. The laughter was mainly for the perceived humiliation of Ushi. These people indeed had a lot to learn. For an instant he felt daunted, suddenly conscious of his sixteen years, much too aware of the resistance he faced. Maybe they genuinely wanted to change their ways, but everything in their lives, habits and history resisted it. Then Chaiko closed his mind to the doubt, and told himself, “These people will change if I have to kill them to do it.”
From then on, Ushi was careful to include Chaiko in the running conversation. So little by little, the Tolmecs addressed questions and comments to him directly rather than to his mouthpiece. It was thus established who was in command.
After a long day of marching and the river crossing, Chaiko was tired, so he did not have to pretend to yawn, though he overplayed it. His hosts immediately got the message, and after suitable gestures of leave-taking, withdrew, leaving the visitors to themselves. Three women appeared with mats and furs which they spread close to the fire and made them comfortable. Then they quietly stood aside and waited with downcast eyes by the door.
Ushi’s eyes started to glow. The women were young and attractive, obviously charged with the complete well-being of the visitors. “You know,” Ushi said suggestively, “it is common among many peoples to make important visitors feel at home...” Chaiko raised an eyebrow and looked at Chandar who seemed to respond with some interest at these prospects. “It would only be common courtesy on our part to accept such gestures of hospitality as these,” Ushi said, his face animated, but Chaiko shook his head. “I am a Spirit Guide to these women as well.”
“So much greater would be their honor in serving you,” Ushi suggested. But Chaiko shook his head again and Ushi reluctantly dismissed the women. He then turned to the shaman set to argue his points. But Chaiko forestalled him. “Don’t you realise the girls were offered as a bribe? If you allow yourself to be bought so cheaply, soon you will be in the palm of their hands, doing their bidding. You must remember that we must stay in control of ourselves and our acts ... not they.” His voice was pleasant enough, but with an unbending, determined edge. “If you want to teach humanity, you must act humane. If you want to teach pride and honesty you had better act and behave honestly yourself. Treat people fairly to give them pride born of the respect you show them.” Seeing Ushi’s crestfallen look he smiled. “It does not mean you cannot seek companionship, my friend,” he said gently, but then his voice hardened: “but not on their terms. Do you understand?” Ushi nodded, yes he understood, and he also understood why Chaiko was a shaman and himself a mere wanderer.
Over the next few days, Chaiko was able to confirm that the leaders were a hardened lot, used to having their way as if the whole of their society existed only to serve them. They were much too set in their patterns to ever change, Chaiko sadly concluded. But when he walked about in camp people reacted to his presence with a childlike hope and expectation of change that much encouraged the shaman. People went out of their way to touch him, not demandingly, but gently, as if to renew their connection with him. And having done so, they seemed naively freed of their cares, and went delightedly on with their errands. Chaiko did not resent them touching him though it was disconcerting at times. In fact, as they reached for him, he reciprocated shaking their hands warmly. Soon, crowds followed him or quickly collected wherever he went. He paid particular attention to children, awkwardly bending over his wooden leg to be on the same level with them, eye to eye, for he saw in them the true future of the tribe. But it was a very unreal feeling: could he really be the object of so much adulation? He had to remind himself that for these people, he was the fulfilment of an age-old prophecy and embodiment of all their hopes for change, of being redeemed from their blood debt. By sight, by touch, by feel, they assured themselves of a better future. They most definitely did not know the Chaiko underneath. Nonetheless it was a very intoxicating feeling.
He was equally amazed that he could do this. To be so available to people around him, reaching out for him. He could not turn that down. Because he lacked the words to express his thoughts to them, he had to use gestures and touch to indicate nuances, and again he amazed himself how much he was capable of. He wanted to know where all this ability was suddenly coming from. Did not Dawn call him a turtle? Among these strangers he was not behaving like one, that much he could see. At night, instead of sleeping, he puzzled and worried about this at length but finally thought he had an answer that was halfway satisfactory.
This all came from a time when he was a cripple, ignored and overlooked, desperately striving for acceptance and worth. The Tolmecs were much like him, reaching out like he had tried to, looking for affirmation in their cruel world. He could not disregard the need that he, himself, knew so well. With some surprise he noted that in giving, the cripple inside was healing. He had thought he had healed already, but the hunger in this people had reawakened his pain again.

Ushi was in his element, learning, talking and at times teaching about a world the Tolmecs had not seen. He gladly spoke with anybody and everybody. Children followed him in hordes, listened to his strange way of speaking and laughed at his mistakes. He even played with them, throwing a ball around on the wide meadow beside the stream that passed by the camp. Ushi also made some progress with the ladies though he was most careful not to antagonise a mate or a protective father. Still when a woman was around, he made the story he told more interesting and little by little he drew them nearer, listening to his exotic stories of strange lands and stranger people. Yes in a short time he intercepted inquiring glances from them, all curious about a man who could speak so many different languages.
Chandar, too, had become an object of intense curiosity. It seemed like women could not get enough of his good looks. They came from all over the camp just to catch a glimpse of him. They marvelled at his smooth face, so clear and so open looking, without the unsightly mutilations. When they should have been looking modestly down as custom required of a woman, they found themselves staring open-mouthed at him. They were starved for beauty in their lives, living with such strict codes and bareness of expression.
Chandar found this transformation of his fortunes very strange indeed. He had fled his place of birth because the one he had chosen chose another. Then at Standing-Rock there was nobody left for him. But here among the Tolmecs, he was suddenly beset by an admiring multitude. All the women were so interested in him and willing perhaps even to risk retribution for wanting to taste such an exotic fruit as him. A very heady feeling for a young man, starved for attention as he was. Still, out of respect for Chaiko he did not encourage the invitations so obvious in the sultry looks.
But among them all, one woman quickly caught his eye. Obviously she was different from the rest; she styled herself a warrior and went about armed with a challenging swagger in every step. Once, on a narrow path between huts, she bore down on him and instinctively he stepped aside to let her pass. Her eyes flashed a mixture of disdain and amusement which stung him, but the moment passed and he could not take it back. From then on, he kept an eye out for her, and saw her in the crowd here or there but not up close.
Chandar found out that she was the daughter of a notable who to his shame, had no son so turned her into one. She was strong, reckless and haughty. It was reported that more than once, she had beaten up a youth who dared to presume upon her, badly enough to mark him for life. Chandar was warned to stay away from her. He nodded in acquiescence, but from then on sought ways to place himself in her path. Her name was Tara, which in her language meant fierce.

Chaiko was puzzled. They had made good contact with the population at large but the leaders remained aloof and unreachable. Certainly, they paid them every courtesy, offered all they could want of food, shelter, even the pick of women to enjoy but never invited their visitors into their confidence. To them the strangers were a curiosity, as if ordained for their entertainment. They were outright amused by Ushi with all his talk, and regarded Chandar as the smooth faced girl he was rumored to be. Only Chaiko caused them some worry. It was hard to accept a Spirit-Guide who was only sixteen years old and so light of stature, with no visible power. It did not help that he couldn’t even speak their language, appearing unintelligent. Yet they searched for signs of Latto hiding in him. The one fact in his favor was his missing leg; yes, they could understand being marked by life, for they had made a virtue of it.
Sometimes in the night, Chaiko would play the bone flute, its soft sound reminding everyone that their Spirit-Guide was among them, Latto in a new form.
In Toemain, the leader of all the Tolmecs, Chaiko had sensed a genuine will to change that was absent in this leadership. The big man, perhaps because he bore the full burden of responsibility and leadership, was receptive to the need for his people to transform themselves. He did not need to be convinced that the path his people followed had led to a deadening of his culture, and was without hope. He knew, for he had to lead; he had to find a new direction and in Chaiko he had found it. But his minions, though following his orders to the letter, paid no more than lip service to the spirit of his plans and wishes. All for show. All on the outside. And it seemed that they were growing weary of their uninvited visitors.
In fact, on the fifth day of hosting the strangers, the leaders began to hint at a tribe not too far south who would welcome their presence there. Each day, it seemed, brought a fresh revelation about how the clan to the south was more intriguing and alluring than their uninspiring little tribe here. There was a begging need for intervention there, it was claimed, much more need of a Spirit-Guide.
“Yes, Latimer, their leader, is a most wise man, unlike us here. He is wise and most interested in strangers and their ways. Is not curiosity the root of all wisdom? It is said that once he talked in council before Toemain continuously for three whole days and convinced even the most sworn against him to accept his recommendations. For the entire time he held his water and paused not once in his speech. It is claimed that he could talk a bear into giving him its furs and a snake to grow feathers,” one of the notables claimed, seeking to interest the Spirit-Guide in people far enough away. But Chaiko, though he looked suitably impressed, gave no indication of wanting to go further from clan lands.
“They live at the edge of a great swamp that bubbles steam and sometimes the adjoining lake itself catches fire. Whoever has seen water burning? Or fish walk on land? And there are so many plants, in number and variety, flowers and fruits all wondrous to behold. There was a lizard that changed color and a squirrel that flew. A fish that turned itself to stone to hide from its enemies.” It seemed that the neighbors could boast of no shortage of interesting things to attract any visitors. “That is most interesting. One day I must visit there,” Chaiko promised, but not today.
The next day the girls and women of the south were praised, reputedly the most attractive in all the lands. And they had techniques for pleasing a man, and it was claimed that a taste of their knowledge spoiled forever any other delight a mere woman could offer. “Thank you for warning me not to risk such forbidden fruit. I have a mate and child, you know.”
All the same the days passed most pleasantly. The spring air was mild with a smell of south in its breath. The sun shone and the land bloomed in its radiance. The visitors had little to do but watch and amuse themselves. Chaiko and Chandar started learning the language, quickly accumulating words. Both had good memories and a fine ear for discriminating sounds. Chandar was dismayed to learn that each word had a male and female form and that it was crucial to use them in the proper context. It could be an extreme insult to use the wrong form when the other was called for. Ushi tried to explain. “Any word with connotations of power has a male form for it. When the same word is used in the female form it implies a lack of it. For instance, ‘stam’ means power and is to be spit out explosively to emphasise its force and vitality. In the female form the word is ‘stamme,’ pronounced more softly, and means powerless.” Chandar shook his head, discouraged. Ushi tried again. “‘Shub,’ is the male form to strike as with a closed fist, to define a focused, powerful blow, as if striking through and beyond. The female form of the word is ‘shebbe,’ and means striking with an open palm, an ineffectual gesture, perhaps better translated by our word swat, as sufficient only to swat a fly. The point is, it has the same root, but entirely different meanings.”
“Yes I can see that, but I have problems with some words ... such as ‘good’ having both forms. Who can keep all that straight?” Chandar complained.
“Well, let me put it this way. For example, ‘wir’ meaning wide is in this male form wide enough for whatever context it is used, whereas the wirre in the female means explicitly that it has to be made wider still. But implicitly it means the opposite, that it is in fact too narrow for the task. Do you see?” Ushi explained hopefully, but Chandar merely shook his head in even more bewilderment.
Chaiko broke in. “Do not think of words at all. Look at their lives instead. Men do the man thing, women the other. Strictly controlled and separated. Whatever has power or requires power, or is used by men, has to be of necessity expressed by the male form. For a woman or women things, it needs to be in the female form.”
Shortly after that lecture, Chandar learned the difference the hard way. He was walking across a log that spanned the creek, when he glanced up to see Tara looking at him with sardonic glee. She was halfway already, waiting for him. He hesitated, knowing that she was going to take delight in challenging him. He instantly resolved that this time he would not give way and stepped forward. They met in the middle and stood face to face, glowering at each other.
“Move aside little man,” she spat at him. Actually she used urre-dorre, meaning smooth-face as without facial hair or scar, like a woman’s. This time he heard the female form and suspected they would use the same combination to describe a smooth baby’s bottom. He reddened at the insult and instinctively took a step closer to her. She uttered a piercing cry then described a wide circle with her staff, drawing his eyes to the free swinging end, then she delivered a vicious uppercut with the other. He cried out in pain and found himself tumbling off the log into the shallow water below. His body hurt, but not as much as his pride. He ground his teeth in impotent fury.
Tara peered tauntingly down at him. “The next time little man, you will back up when you meet a warrior.” She used urre-dorre again and all female forms except for the warrior, meaning herself.
Ushi later explained to him the implication of all that Tara said and warned, “It pays to attend to the gender of speech all right, especially among the Tolmecs. I think you have learned an important lesson in grammar today,” he said amused. Chandar swore under his breath that Tara the Fierce best watch out, for he would pay her back, somehow he would give her a grammar lesson all her own.
When told about the incident, Chaiko reflected that the clans had long discarded specific gender forms and they rarely showed up in words. “Nurse, as in nursing a baby with mother’s milk, has a female gender, but to nurse as in sickness, has no gender at all.
“Language is a window into the culture. Any language is able to express those nuances that the culture considers important and ignores those that it does not. Look how they use the same word for smile and grimace. The smile is the female form of the male grimace. Yes, listen to the language, hear what they say, and what they don’t, and soon you will see the soul of the people speaking it.”
Chandar listened patiently enough to all these explanations, but his mind seethed with plans on how he was going to get even with Tara. It was peculiar that he fixated on the gender issue of the language, as if that were the true cause of all his problems. With unusual zealousness, he learned and struggled with the intricacies of the Tolmec language, and stumbled upon an oddity or two. “What is the female form of fire?” he asked Ushi one evening when they were alone.
Ushi had to think. “You know, I do not think there is a female form of fire. Yushi is the male form, and yushido should be the female form but I never heard it used. I don’t really think there is any.”
Chandar scowled. Just when he was getting all this gender-specificity of words he would have to stumble upon a rare exception. Why? “But surely a cooking fire could not be in a male form?” he queried, puzzled and irritated.
Ushi scratched his head but reiterated that only the male form yushi was used, even for a cooking-fire. Chaiko who was listening to this exchange provided the most likely explanation of this oddity. “You know for people living in grass huts, perhaps any fire is too dangerous to be insulted with a female form.” And he thought of the Great-Fire that had swept the plains two years ago, nearly costing him his life. Yes a fire was a powerful force and a most reluctant servant to man, equally dangerous in either male or female form.
“You must be right. I have never met people who were more careful with fire,” Ushi confirmed.
“At the time we rescued Lana and Ido, Crow burned half the place down to cover our escape. Come to think of it, that is when they must have moved camp to here,” Chandar said.
“Yes, that must be it. These people are mighty afraid of fire. Seems to me they go to sleep each night not knowing if the hut will burn about them in the dead of night,” mused Ushi.
Fear fire? Chandar thought. Could he use that against her? Against Tara the Fierce?

With each day since the creek incident, she had become even more of a thorn in his side, for she delighted in running across him, making fun of him and taunting him in public. Even small kids now had taken to calling him ‘urre dorre mao,’ smooth faced man, like a woman, they meant. Chandar swallowed hard on the insults, but bided his time and smiled whenever his mouth would let him.
Often a pretty young girl of about ten accompanied Tara around. Chandar found it strange that the she-warrior tolerated a female so near her person. However, he soon found out that the girl was her half-sister and that the two had a very close relationship. The father had cast his seed where his moods and the fortunes of his position allowed. Her name was Cora, who had penetrating hazel eyes. The two of them sometimes took turns taunting him.
“Behold, how the boy who thinks himself a man, prefers to be a woman instead, and goes about plucked smooth as a partridge fowl to be cooked. See him hide himself in the shade, lest the sun burn those precious cheeks of his and the wind chafe that tender blush of skin,” Tara would proclaim loudly.
“Behold, indeed, behold, the strange custom of these people to pluck every sign of wisdom and maturity from their faces, lest they scare themselves looking at their reflection in the water. Do not go near the stream you, urre dorre mao,” Cora would echo her older sister.
Chandar let that pass too, and smiled as congenially as he could at the provocation. “Good for you,” Chaiko praised him, having overheard one such exchange. “She taunts you, for you offend her by your good looks, being a male, when she is trying so hard to be what she is not, a male and a warrior. I hazard she would like to gash her cheeks and cut off her hair to deny her sex, but the mores of the tribes do not allow that. So in anger, she takes it out on you.” And he patted Chandar on the shoulder in a gesture of fond camaraderie.

After a few more days the leaders started to suspect that they had made their visitors a little too welcome.
“You do not shoo a fly away by feeding honey to it,” Malox observed to the other leaders.
 “You do if you mean to swat it and flatten it,” rejoined Larimar, his eyes glistering with the thought of doing the same to Chaiko and his retinue. But they were under the protection of Toemain, and thus the leaders were compelled to continue their hospitality. Still there was more than one way of skinning a thing if one had a mind to. Latto or no Latto, Toemain or no Toemain, the visitors had worn out their welcome and the leaders would be glad to be rid of them. So they devised a new stratagem. They organised an athletic contest and invited the visitors to participate. Chaiko declined on account of the dignity of his position. Ushi pleaded that he did not want to risk hurting his new friends and likewise turned down their invitation to participate. Chandar, however, had no such qualms and gladly accepted the chance to show his mettle. “Be careful,” Chaiko warned him. “I do not trust these leaders. I think they are up to something.”
The next afternoon the whole tribe collected on the meadow in eager expectation of the various contests. There were all kinds of races organised; running, jumping, casting a spear for distance and accuracy, and then the most highly anticipated event, personal combat of two antagonists with the weapons of their choice.
Chandar took part in the running, though he did not exert himself very much. Still he was rewarded with painful jabs of elbows into his ribs and vicious kicks to his shins. The winner and the second place finishers were bleeding from nose and ears and had various black and blue marks all over them. Obviously running had a different meaning for these people, Chandar concluded, and was done as much with the fists as with the feet. Wisely he abstained from further races, but when one after the other, combatants faced off and fought each other, he felt compelled to present himself. If he wanted to prove his manhood now was the time to do it. Holding a thick staff, he strode to the centre of the open space fringed by spectators. An excited stir passed through the crowd. Who would face this bold challenger? The giant of a man, Malor, with his vicious war club perhaps? A shrill yell answered the challenge and Chandar turned to face the sound. There on the far side stood Tara, confidently twirling a wicked looking staff in her hands, her mouth stretched in a wide smile of pure delight. Chandar was dismayed; he wanted to prove himself against a man, not be mocked by a woman! But there was no way now to turn down the fight and take back his challenge; he would have to go through with it. A murmur of amusement ran through the crowd, and not a few asked, “Now who is better, our girl or theirs?” On overhearing it, both Chandar and Tara turned red with fury, each feeling belittled.
Cautiously they approached each other, the staffs moving menacingly. Then they were within reach of each other. Tara swung first, a low horizontal slash that he easily blocked but she snapped, twirled about and struck with amazing speed from the other side. Chandar had barely time to block that blow and the others that rained down on him. The girl was quick and was very good at making a feint but then cunningly changing the direction of her blows. He could barely keep ahead of her, and only by minimizing every movement, blocking on the shorter inner track of each blow. He was steadily forced to yield ground. She disguised her blow, feinted then struck from another quarter, forcing him on the defensive throughout. Occasionally, when he managed to launch a counter blow she easily danced out of reach of his staff, then darted in and was all over him again. Repeatedly, some of her blows were getting through his defense, raising bruises on his arms and shoulders. When one landed on the side of his head, his knees buckled, his senses reeled, and he saw stars. The fight could have been over then, but she did not move in, wishing to prolong his humiliation to the delight of the crowd.
Chaiko, who watched from the side, could scarcely believe that this bloodthirsty mob was the same that had hurried to him for a touch or even just a smile. Now, they wanted to see blood, and demanded broken bones. Yes, they still had lots to learn. When Chandar went down, Chaiko’s heart skipped a beat and he wanted to rush to his aid, but resisted. No, the young man had something to prove, so let him prove it.
Chandar moved more cautiously now, circling away from her stronger right hand. He realized that this girl could easily beat him and eventually would if he could not come up with something to counter her quick thrusts and slashes. He could not take another hit to the head. Several times when she darted in, he quickly had to block a blow to the head but leave open his legs. Soon there were angry welts all over his calves. He set his face against the pain and doggedly blocked blow after blow.
The staffs danced in the hands of the combatants, disappearing in a blur of motion, then struck with a resounding sound. It had a peculiar rhythm all its own. Hers, quick, precise and confident; his yielding, hesitant and at times, a little too late, wood meeting flesh. Then, when all seemed lost, her blows lost their sting as she began to tire. To his surprise, he was able to absorb her punishment, protect his head and avoid the vicious thrust of a butt-end. His fingers and arms were one massive injury, but he blocked still and counter attacked, which she dodged in turn. The crowd quieted, for the fight had become more earnest in its intensity and the outcome no longer assured. She was visibly weakening, the blows lacking conviction. The determination was still on her face but the speed and agility of her movement was gone. Her arms were sagging and she had a harder time lifting them up. Her breathing was turning into ragged gasps and each blow drew a cry of effort from her. One counter stoke would easily dispatch her now, but he did not try. Slowly he lowered his arms and staff and hardly flinched when her weak blow struck at him. He stood motionless as she hit him yet again. The crowd was deathly quiet, suspended, waiting to see how this little drama would play itself out.
Tara was a healthy, strong girl, and as tenacious as any boy, but the prolonged conflict had sapped her strength and she cried tears of rage and frustration as he took flurry after flurry of her blows, barely protecting himself. She struck again, landing a blow on his face which he deflected with a turn of his head, but otherwise not bothering to avoid her staff. His lips split open and he spat blood as he said in measured tones, “Ijje meo urre-dorre mar?” “Do you not know I am a smooth faced man?” for the first time using the masculine form for man within the hated phrase. She cried in reply and struck him once again, but she had no more strength to manage another blow. Chandar spat blood and as casually as he could, turned his back on her and left the area of combat. As the crowd silently opened for him to pass through, he realized he had not been able to hit her once, though there were times when he really, really tried. She was a warrior, he had to admit to himself. He nearly fell into the hut and Ushi and Chaiko who hurried after him had to drag him to his sleeping place and make him comfortable. Ushi washed his face with a soft, wet skin and daubed his many, many bruises. He remonstrated with the younger man loudly, “What were you thinking? She could have beaten you several times over! You were lucky, my friend.” Then he turned to Chaiko and pleaded with him instead, “Talk some sense into him before he gets killed.”
“Yes, you were lucky,” the shaman concurred, “lucky that she likes you so much.” The other two looked at him speechless.
“She likes me?” Chandar echoed stupidly. “If she liked me any better, I would now be dead.” Ushi nodded in agreement.
“Anyway, you have proven that you can have smooth cheeks and good looks and still be a man. Though I fear your good looks will be more than hidden for the next few days at least.” Chaiko shook his head, commiserating.
He was right. Chandar’s face swelled up, one eye disappeared entirely into an ugly puff of flesh and his lower lip grew to twice its normal size. His hands, arms and legs were swollen too, and he could find no position that would ease the pain in some part of his body. But he did not complain, not one word. Ushi looked at him and simply shook his head in disapproval. If he had Chandar’s good looks, he certainly would not have risked them in like manner.
Over the next two days the swelling went down, but the bruises turned into a splotchy blue and green color with ugly yellow borders. If possible, the new color scheme was even worse than the swelling. Ushi kept shaking his head. Chandar remained inside the hut and tried to sleep on the side that hurt the least. Outside a few Tolmecs inquired after the young man’s condition, rightly guessing that he had more than just a few injuries to recover from. Chaiko could report that Tara had also not been seen in public since, but no one would or could account for her absence.
Chaiko had made some headway with the leadership at last. He reassured them that he wanted little from them, but was there really to learn their ways. He smiled and said jokingly, “Well maybe the next time I will change you all but not now, not today.” He laughed and they laughed a harsh laugh that did not touch their eyes. From that time they left the visitors alone. The hut was at their disposal, food and drink all they wanted and women too if they were so inclined. But they did not ask them to return to the daily gathering of notables. They calculated that Koiko, as they called him, or Latto, whichever he would be, would not pose a threat to their leadership. They had fulfilled all of Toemain’s edicts and they were thus, in their own eyes at least, above reproach.
Long lines of geese were winging their way to the north; flight after flight of them passed over head. Chaiko had a mind to return home, for he missed Dawn, Yael and the rest, but they had to wait for Chandar to heal.

Chapter 3
It took Chandar a handful of days for all the swelling to go down, the bruises to recede and the ugly color to fade sufficiently before he would show himself in general company. In the bright daylight the faded colors showed up sharply enough and people turned to look at him and wonder about these strange people: the one with a pretty face who would not hit a girl even though she richly deserved it; the other who would not stop talking but could talk the color out of red and certainly the meaning out of any conversation; and then a Spirit-Guide, the one Latto chose, who was perhaps the strangest of all. He was quiet, talked instead with his hands and had a wooden leg. Strange how things turned out. It would perhaps have been better if Latto had selected a lion or even a wolf rather than choose such a puzzling person as this. But spirits had their own reasons for doing things, people shrugged.
Chaiko continued to use this time of waiting to study the Tolmecs’ language and their ways. First and foremost he listened to them talk and was slowly gaining an appreciation of their concerns. The cadence of their speech no longer sounded harsh or discordant, but had grown in subtlety and richness of expression. At times, he dared to talk himself, especially with children, haltingly to be sure, and careful not to make too many mistakes.
Then one night he dreamed in Tolmec and realized he was starting to feel the language from the inside, no longer a complete stranger to it. More and more of what these people did and thought was beginning to make sense to him. As his understanding of them grew, so did his empathy. Whereas before he saw mostly cruelty, he began to perceive the underlying harshness of the reality that had shaped the people such as these. So many of their stories of Beforetimes, as they called it, were full of helpless suffering, death and pain, that it was hard not to become angry during their recital and not to harden oneself and to retaliate. Be hard my son, was the message, for life is harder.
Contemplating all these things, Chaiko arrived upon a strange insight. The last time he had so tried to penetrate a culture was when he had tried to make some sense of the customs of the People-of-the-Elk and of their language. Through Dawn, he had glimpsed some of the intricacies of behavior and nuances of expression which now served him well in the study of the Tolmecs. Yet without a language he felt naked and in some strange way, even defenseless. The mind needed language to express itself. He seethed with frustration at being reduced to communicate in monosyllables. He would rather lose an arm than be deprived of speech, a strange admission from a man who had already lost a leg. At times he had to actually remind himself that he was wise, to shrug off the belittling that accompanied not speaking the language. Why even eight year olds could put together sentences more complex than his. He reminded himself that he must not become afraid to try. So he tried even harder, constantly pestering Ushi for his knowledge, trying to look behind the language, to unlock the attitudes and values of these people. In the meantime, Ushi had of course added vastly to his vocabulary and daily spoke with more assurance.
In taking stock of words and comparing similarities and differences across three languages, Chaiko became aware that he knew more of the Elk language than he had ever realized. He found it odd that in a midst of a strange land among alien people, he had come to recognize this proficiency, where it was of no use to him at all. He had to laugh to have come this far afield to gain such an insight. But it was peculiar that among the Tolmecs he first felt confident to talk in Elk. Stranger still was the discovery that this realization helped to free him from the inhibition of now talking in the Tolmec tongue. How was that possible? He had ample time to contemplate these and other issues with Chandar still laid up, and Ushi spending more and more time away from them.
Ushi had indeed found a new diversion. There was a young, comely widow who looked at him with such humid, luminous eyes full of promises that he could not resist her warm smell, the sway of her walk and the way she looked back at him over her shoulder, with that are-you-coming look. Well, after one such look, he had followed her to the stream and beyond to a secluded glen, where they could lose themselves in the tall grass. He quickly found out that longing and desire needed no words and certainly passions needed no translation. He had always relished the seduction of words, but in the present situation they were quite extraneous and he was quickly overwhelmed by the fierceness of her need. She grabbed him, drew him close, then enveloped him with her flesh. Her nails raked him, she clutched at him ... compelling him, forcing him to give her pleasure. At times, the encounter was more like a wrestling match, with her twisting and then bucking him off. His ardor suffered a setback when she unexpectedly heaved and pitched him face first into something unpleasant, but she was quickly all over him again, demanding. She kept him there all afternoon and would barely allow him the opportunity even to breathe in-between bouts. It was small wonder then that when the encounter finally ended, he had the feeling that he had escaped the clutches of a predator and could consider himself lucky not to have been totally consumed. As he reported to Chaiko, “I am telling you she nearly ripped my thing off the way she thrashed about and carried on.” He shook his head. “I wonder if all women here are like her? For I tell you, if so, we would not last very long in their embraces.” Again he shook his head. “I even tried to say nice things to her, about her skin smelling like flowers, her hair as smooth as water. But would she listen? Not a bit! She just grunted and ground all the harder into me.”

Chandar, much to his relief, found that the teasing had stopped and whereas he had been largely ignored before, people now regarded him with some curiosity. Strange people these.
Two days after he finally ventured out, he suddenly came face to face with Tara. Startled, they both pulled up and looked at each other with wide eyes. She saw the bruises still on his face and arms. He saw her face lose its bravado and soften suddenly. His heart stopped for a beat in the awkwardness of the moment. Soon there were others scrutinizing them with hard curiosity. Then she did an unexpected thing: she placed her hands flat on her thighs and inclined her head to him in an obvious sign of respect. Likewise he did an unheard thing in return; he inclined his head to her. A male showing respect to a girl! Even if it was to a warrior-girl! This news was all over camp by mid afternoon. It was hotly debated if there was an insult hidden somewhere in the exchange.
“And what did you do then?” Ushi asked the young man.
“We both backed away and went the way we had come from, so as not to cross each other’s path, not having to decide who must now yield to whom,” Chandar said wondering still what would have been the best thing to do.
“I tell you, it is a good thing she likes you so well. She is a strong and powerful girl both in body and mind and I would respect her if I were you,” Chaiko advised him when he heard the details of this latest encounter.

Ushi suddenly found himself uneasy in his skin. The widow Aylu now followed him about and whenever they passed a secluded spot she would grab him and drag him into the bushes and her mouth would be all over his, her breath hot on his neck. No protestation from him had the least effect on her ardor, and she would prod him and ride him till she was satisfied. “She is going to wear me out and use my manhood up!” he complained to his companions.
“Well you wanted intimacy,” Chaiko reminded him.
“This is not intimacy, it is ... it is ...” but he could not bring himself to call it rape. For how could a man be forced by a woman? Seduced perhaps, tricked perhaps, but coerced and pleasure taken from him? Not likely! And what did that say about him? That he was plucked instead of plucking? No! No! The next time he resolved to meet her thrust with a drive of his own. She had not experienced his true passion yet! Well that would shortly change, he promised himself.

Chaiko came across a group of warriors in the meadow practicing spear-throws. For an instant he regretted not having Falcon with him to show these people a thing or two, but it had been resolved not to let such questionable friends as these have a closer look at such a deadly weapon. Who knows, they might easily end up worshipping such an effective instrument of death and forego their present quest for peace, or worse, turn it against the clan.
On his approach, the warriors interrupted their activity, feeling awkward, for as their Spirit-Guide he was more a mediator of peace and spiritual tranquility. Chaiko walked among them, feeling short, having to look up at them. Among all the scars, he found a warrior who had noticeably more than all the rest. There was one bold white-yellow ridge of a scar across the man’s chest, crisscrossed by many others. With his fingers, Chaiko traced the scar along its length. The others leaned closer to see if the scar would heal and disappear at this man’s touch. Strange, magical skills were attributed to him here as well.
“Shosho-iy,” the man said pointing to the southeast. Was Shosho-iy a tribe that had incurred the Tolmec wrath, Chaiko wondered? The man was not self-conscious in the least, and was proud of his many trophies, eagerly pointing them out. Yes, scar by scar, he had well earned his fierce reputation as the wounds now testified. Then Chaiko’s finger found a newer scar in the man’s side and the man’s smile faded briefly.
“Chitnik,” the man pointed toward clan lands. Chitnik? Meaning Ghost-people? He would have to ask Ushi about that. Chaiko examined the wound more closely. A talon wound, he concluded; small and precise, not the large stab mark of a spear. Probably received at the Fight-of-the-Bees, as Makar had dubbed the battle under the High-Cave that Chaiko had led with such success. It was strange, Chaiko thought, that we stood on different sides then, ready to kill one another, and here we are now to share this moment.
A warrior handed Chaiko a spear just to see what the Spirit-Guide would do with it. Chaiko hefted it in his hand; its balance felt good, the finish was smooth and the hardened point serviceably sharp. Whoever made this spear knew what he was doing. Then without taking a single step he threw it across the meadow. As a cripple he had practiced throwing from a standing start without running to build up momentum, as was customary for such a throw. His experience served him well as his cast now went a respectable distance. The warriors regarded him instantly with more respect. If he could achieve such a distance with just the flick of his wrist, how much further could he throw if he really had a mind to? The report of this little episode was quickly circulated through the camp. A Spirit-Guide who was also a warrior, in spite of his size and his wooden leg.
“Think of it,” someone reasoned, “can you hurt a wooden leg? If I could, I would exchange all my body parts for wood, and thus be invincible.” Which someone quickly countered with, “Except for fire ... or termites.” It drew a few chuckles. Or some leered at the suggestion. “Are you sure you would change all your body parts...?” and they loudly guffawed. “Why not?” came back the retort, “for then I would be ever ready… Besides, who would compare a fleeting moment of pleasure with a woman to the pride of being invincible in battle,” the man defended himself. The others had to nod in acceptance of this, whatever else their private thoughts were. For glory was a public thing, whereas pleasure was a very private affair.

That afternoon Ushi came back, black and blue and scratched up, but with a wide smile on his face. When the others remarked on his injuries, he waved them off. “Ah, you should see her! I gave her the ride of her life. She drew me inside her hut and away we went, thrashing about on the ground. We hit one wall then the other, side to side then lengthwise. We totally destroyed the inside and the hut nearly came down on us, but I did not care. I was bent on proving to them all that we of the clan know how to satisfy any woman, even one so hard to please as her.”

They had been over a moon at this place and all of them were growing restless and ready to return home. Though he wanted to leave, Chaiko decided to wait to observe some festivities planned a few days hence, that would celebrate an important victory in the past. “Let’s see what joys these people allow themselves. We have seen plenty of unpleasantness already,” Chaiko observed dryly, especially as regarded forcing kids into the strict mold society imposed on them. So they each found things to keep themselves occupied.
Ushi had lost some weight servicing Aylu but it had become a point of pride with him. Even the Tolmecs were starting to speak admiringly of his efforts. It seemed that even they ran from her. Chandar, in his turn, was growing moody and losing weight as well without wanting to, pining after the warrior girl, Tara.
“Let her be, Son,” Ushi cautioned him. “She needs a young buck, the pride of a pride of lions, to keep her in line… if she will let him. She will not waste time with the likes of you, a stranger and soft of heart. Give it up my boy.” But Chandar did not, and found himself frequenting that side of the camp where she lived. But she seemed equally determined to avoid him, for day after day they did not meet once, though he was near and made himself available. He saw her sister Cora at times, but not Tara. He was beginning to suspect that the younger sister was being used to spy him out so Tara would not run across him inadvertently. This was also being whispered about in camp, but discreetly of course, for these strangers had become much too familiar with their language.
It was thus one morning that Chandar sat under a tree waiting patiently in the hope that Tara would show herself. He squinted up at the sun that was trying to break through the haze. The smell of cooking fires swirled in the air, but stirred no hunger in him. For the tenth time he glanced toward her hut but saw nothing to encourage him. A few women passed to get water from the stream and threw him knowing, sideways looks, then passed on. But he did not care; let them think what they wished. In a few short days he would leave and take the big hole in his heart with him, but he hoped to catch one more glimpse of her yet. Fates were so cruel. Unreciprocated love had driven him from home and followed him even here. He found himself shocked at his thinking. This was the first time that he admitted to himself that the ache he felt was love. Why was love so sought after when it hurt so much? Would he ever see her again, even just once?
Suddenly shouts interrupted his bitter ruminations. Startled, he looked about. To his horror, the hut Tara shared with her sister was smoking and flames were licking up its sides. He jumped to his feet and ran to join the rapidly converging crowd. “She is inside!” he said but no one made a move to cross the rising flames. Somebody came running and threw some water onto the flames, which hissed angrily but did not subside. A heart rending cry of pain sounded from inside and people were wringing their hands, horrified but unwilling to face the flames. More water arrived but could not beat back the flames that greedily raced up the sides onto the top, with a joyous crackle taking possession of the whole hut. Mine. All mine! A wave of heat forced the onlookers back. Compelled to do something, Chandar grabbed a woman’s wrap and tore the skin from her, spilling her naked onto the ground. He swiftly dunked the skin into water that someone was bringing, then, wrapping the soaked skin about himself, the smooth-faced man threw himself into the flames, keeping himself as low to the ground as possible. The fire crackled and roared above him and the heat was unbearable. He struggled to breathe, the smoke filling his lungs. A flash consumed his hair and eyebrows. Ignoring the searing pain and the burning pieces of the hut falling all around him, he scrambled around on all fours, searching with his hands till he touched something human. Without any hesitation, he grabbed and dragged its unresisting weight outside, by some instinct finding the entryway that he could not see for all the smoke crowned by a sheet of flame.
In a few more steps he was outside, and helping hands dragged him and the girl clear of the conflagration. He coughed to rid his lungs of the acrid bite of smoke, looking with surprise at the blisters already rising on his arms. He groaned then turned to see the girl, Cora, just struggling into consciousness. But where was Tara? He jerked in pain as he became aware of the burning of his covering, casting it aside while someone doused him with water. For an instant, he felt the relief, but almost immediately, the pain flooded back in. His hair still smoked and his nose was full of the burning. Then Ushi was beside him, dripping water over his arms and chest making some reassuring sounds that Chandar could not understand. “Where’s Tara?” he asked his friend in anguish.
“She’s all right. She was not in the hut. She was with friends,” Ushi hurried to reassure him. Chandar then relaxed somewhat and surrendered to the pain that welled over him. He saw that Cora was struggling feebly in someone’s care. “Is she going to be all right?” Chandar asked past a swollen tongue and through lips reluctant to move.
“I think so. She must have stayed flat on the ground and was hardly burned with the fire and heat roaring upward. But she nearly drowned in the smoke,” Ushi answered, pouring water on him again.
“That’s good,” came the faint reply. Then darkness swallowed Chandar, finally stopping the pain.

Sometime much later Chandar awoke to a world of agony and wanted to slip back into unfeeling unconsciousness, but something important compelled him to surface. “Is Tara all right?” he asked with great effort.
“She is. She was not in the hut,” the voice of Chaiko answered, then added, “Cora is going to be all right too, just some minor burns. You, however, will have a few more scars to add to your collection.”
Gratefully Chandar surrendered to the darkness again.

Chandar woke up, not seeing anything but a little daylight streaming through the thatch and around the hide blocking the entrance. A jolt of pain shot through his arm as he moved but it quickly receded when he froze. Though his eyelids hurt, with careful small motions he explored the dim interior and found a shadow hovering near him, “Ushi?” he asked but the shadow hushed him while a gentle hand eased a bowl of water to his lips and helped him to lift his head to drink. He swallowed gratefully, wetting his mouth that felt full of dry, gritty sand. “Chaiko?” he guessed, straining to see in the dim light. Again the shadow hushed and carefully lowered his head.
He tried not to move, not to awaken the pain, as a twinge shot through him in warning at his slightest movement. Still the shadow puzzled him. Why didn’t it answer him? His eyes strained to see in the stray light. Why did he even care? Exhausted by the effort, his consciousness soon slipped away. His last thought as he submerged was about the burnt smell that still lingered in his nose. He smelled the burned part of himself, he realised with a shock, then he was away.

The next time he woke into a conversation that filled the darkness with a quiet intensity.
“It is a good thing that the fever broke when it finally did,” Ushi’s voice said. “His constitution could not take much more.”
“It must be Tara’s doing,” Chaiko responded. “She has been taking such good care of him.”
Had he heard right? Tara here? Taking care of him? Chandar’s heart pounded.
“Do you think he knows?” Ushi asked, his voice seeming very close.
“Hard to say, he has not responded to you or me. But he definitely has been resting more peacefully. That is why she dared to leave him to get some rest herself.”
“Do you think he is going to be all right?” Ushi asked and Chandar strained to hear the answer.
“I am a shaman, so of sickness and curing herbs I know very little but the spirit seems strong in him. That always bodes well.”
“You know that he loves her. Do you think she loves him back?” the question asked the darkness and suddenly with heart beating wildly, Chandar strained to hear the shaman’s answer.
“She cares for him, that is for certain,” Chaiko stressed and lingered over the word cares. “But love? That’s harder to say. She is very grateful to him for saving her little sister. Now Cora, she loves! Of that there is not the slightest question.”
“Yes, that much seems very clear.” Then Ushi’s voice turned reflective. “I could settle for someone being grateful to me like that.” When Chaiko cleared his throat in a warning preamble, the trader hurriedly added, “Meaning feelings-wise, not sexually. I get enough of that from Aylu.” From there the conversation drifted into more mundane topics of which Chandar quickly lost interest. His heart beat to the pulse of that central recognition that she had been here, the mysterious shadow, taking care of him. He hardly noticed when the others fell silent and he slipped into sleep. The night passed slowly with many thoughts of her. Tara, was it not a lovely name? he asked himself, at the same time shuddering and thrilling at his own sentimentality. Tara. Tara. Before dawn he fell asleep, still thinking of her.

Chandar woke and was instantly aware of her presence near him. He kept very still, enjoying the glow of this awareness. She wiped his brow, and his skin tingled with the excitement of her touch. How could this be? he wondered; he had never felt like this before. Not even for his great love that he had to leave behind at Lesser-Bear. From a wet skin she squeezed a few drops of moisture onto his mouth to ease his parched lips. “Tara?” he asked finally of the darkness but though the shadow froze it did not answer. “Tara, I love you.” There was a quick intake of breath, then total and absolute quiet. So quiet that every sound pressed in from the outside. There followed a quick flurry of motion and the curtain flew aside in a brief violent burst of light that filled his eyes with sudden pain.
Did I say it wrong? he agonised. He had so practised to say it smoothly, without stumbling and with much feeling. Had he frightened her away? Worry filled him. Yet, in spite of the scare that her flight evoked, there was also a tremendous sense of relief that the words that had grown in him were finally out in the open. Even if he wanted to, he could no longer take them back. Whatever was going to happen next must happen in full recognition of the words he had uttered. “Tara, I love you,” he whispered again.
He lay back and tried to relax, to surrender to the anxious wait that must surely follow. He felt very much alive, energized by the burst of emotion that had broken through his defences.
A short time later, Tara returned, driven by her sense of duty to take care of him. Instantly joy flashed through him. But when he looked at her and tried to say something, she put a finger to his lips and shushed him to be quiet. Obviously, she wanted no more declarations out of him. Still, his eyes spoke for him, blazing with his need for her to accept his feelings. Quickly, she averted her eyes as if stung.
Somewhat later a wizened old woman came and the two of them daubed a soothing salve onto his burns. The cooling relief was immediate and he relaxed into their care. They talked, much too fast for him to follow, but he suspected it was about him. When the woman cackled aloud as Tara became monosyllabic, he was sure.
When Cora brought a bowl of soft, boiled meat, the two sisters fed the invalid as if he were a helpless child, and he let them, enjoying every moment of being so pampered. Cora was a lively young girl who had obviously gotten over her former resentment of him. After all, he had rescued her. In fact, she chided her older sister for being so cautious with her feelings toward him. The warrior-girl blushed then.
Chaiko and Ushi learned around the fires that Chandar was awake. Innuendoes that perhaps there was something other than just healing going on, were whispered in obvious enjoyment. So, even the Tolmecs were human after all, giggling behind their hands, savoring the sweetness of gossip.
Chaiko and Ushi indeed found Chandar much improved; certainly his eyes were clear as he rested his head on Tara’s lap while she obligingly fed him from a bowl of tender meat broth and cooked vegetables. Cora sat beside them with a soft skin ready to wipe up any spills. The tableau was so intimate and private that Chaiko was surprised by a stab of envy, that made him think of Dawn and Yael. They really needed to start home soon, but of course now they would have to wait for Chandar to recover from all his injuries yet again.
“Why you look as happy as a fish in water,” Ushi leered. “You lucky dog.”
Chandar answered them with a wan smile and pretended even greater weakness, even managing a very good moan. The girls bent solicitously over him.
“Lucky dog,” Ushi repeated then he went off for Aylu for he had suddenly discovered a great need for her.

Under the tender care of the two sisters, Chandar’s condition improved dramatically, though at times he was prone to fall prey to a mysterious setback, especially when the necessity of the girl’s continued care of him came into question. Eventually, with their support, he left the hut, but after so many days in darkness he blinked blindly into the harsh light of day. As he passed through camp, people came up to him and mindful of his injuries, cautiously patted him on the back, approvingly. This was a strange gesture for a Tolmec to indulge in, for among themselves they withheld all praise and approval. Chaiko saw this as a measure of progress in humanizing these fierce, unbending people.
Next morning Chandar made himself comfortable outside and amused himself by picking scales off the scabs on his arms. Thanks to his robust constitution he had healed quickly, though parts of his face and head were now covered by new, mauve skin. Ushi paused by him and examined his burns. He only showed concern when he looked at the young man’s left palm. “With that I pushed aside a burning pole that fell on us. At the time it did not hurt at all. Strange huh?”
The hand was frozen into a useless claw, held rigid by a thick layer of scab. Ushi hummed and hawed. Looked up and said, “Here come Tara and Cora.”
“Where?” Chandar asked eagerly, looking up. Ushi pounced, and with a quick twist he straightened the frozen hand, breaking the hard ridges of the scab. Indescribable pain exploded through Chandar’s hand and he squawked in anguished surprise. He tried to jerk his hand away, but Ushi held it in a firm grasp. “Now you will be able to move your hand. I suggest you do or the scar will weld your hand shut again and you will lose the use of it, perhaps for good. Do you understand?” Chandar nodded, but the pain was such that tears squeezed through his tightly clenched eyes. When he finally looked at his hand, he nearly fainted from the sight of a bloody, yellow secretion oozing in the fissures of the break. “Ushi, you dog of a dog, worse than a hyena,” he swore at his friend. He nursed his hand, but experimented with small motions, measuring each movement, pitting it against the pain he could endure. Each time he swore and tears flooded his eyes. When the girls found him a little later on, he quickly wiped his eyes, and pretending unconcern, returned to picking his scabs to distract them.
“Stop that,” Cora yelled at him and slapped his hand away. Careful not to move his other hand, he obeyed. He then looked at Tara and found her very beautiful in the glow of soft morning light. The haughty, disdainful look was gone, as was the challenging frown that she had customarily worn against the world. A fresh smile graced her face and her eyes sparkled. Their relationship had now reached a point that she could withstand the intensity of his gaze, though at times it induced a fluttery feeling in her stomach and weakness in her knees. “A weak-kneed warrior girl,” she chided herself mockingly, but her eyes were smiling.
“And me smooth-faced man.” Chandar beat his chest with male pride.
The girls giggled at his display. “Not anymore,” Cora said, and Tara plucked a fleck of dead skin from his forehead. He was still a sight. Without the skin-wrap with which he had covered himself before leaping into the burning hut, he would probably be dead by now, he realized soberly. As it was it had been a very near thing. He must thank the woman from whom he had “borrowed” the skin that had saved his life. Then he remembered how he had ripped the covering off the woman, leaving her naked and exposed on the ground in a middle of a crowd. He blushed furiously.
“What??!” both girls cried in unison, noticing his color rise.
“Nothing,” he mumbled, but quickly relented. “It’s just that I ripped the covering off this woman and left her ... exposed.”
“That was Makkao,” Cora said and both girls gave a high ringing laugh that was the least inhibited thing he had heard thus far among the Tolmecs. “Yes, she said you peeled her like an oyster, and before she realized what had happened you were gone and she was left there totally naked. She had to run halfway across camp, naked in everyone’s view.”
“I hope she was not mad at me,” Chandar worried.
“Women,” Tara said for the first time serious, “are not allowed to get angry at a man, no matter what he does.” There was a painful pause from both girls, then Tara added by way of explanation, “However, it is the right of a man to ask accounting of another for insulting his property.” Her visage darkened.
Chandar nodded, yes, he had noticed this among the Tolmecs. His mouth turned down as if he had bitten into something sour. Cora laughed at him, but Tara was much slower to warm up. They looked at each other again.
Tara shrugged her shoulders and said, “I am a warrior-girl,” as if that explained everything.
He in turn hit his chest again and countered, “I am ... a hunter.”
“I ... you fight well,” she finally said. A Tolmec rarely apologized.
“You fight well too,” he said rubbing the side of his head ruefully in remembrance of the wicked blow she had landed there.
“But I could still not knock you out,” spilled out of her, with a trace of exasperation showing in her tone.
“That is because you hit the hardest part of me,” he smiled rubbing his head again. “Had you chosen a softer body part, you would have surely won.”
“What body part is that?” she asked eagerly, at some level still competing.
His grin widened even more and she surprised herself by blushing, “Ohh!”
Cora looked from one to the other and felt that her presence was suddenly not required. Quietly she slipped away. A little later, crossing Chaiko’s path, she stole a touch from him as others had. He turned toward her and smiled, recognizing her as the girl who had been saved. She returned his look seriously and said, “But you will not take her away? Or will you?” then she fled leaving him to wonder what on earth had she meant.
Chaiko got into the habit of sitting under an oak tree to do some serious thinking. The Tolmecs soon realized that at these times, an interruption wasn’t welcome. Far from taking offense, they nodded knowingly at each other, “Just like Latto.”
Chaiko enjoyed these times by himself but time had the habit of slipping away unnoticed. Ushi had taken to collecting him so that a whole day would not be entirely wasted. Feeling that the end of their stay was approaching, Chaiko still had much to consider. Just when he felt that they were making good progress reaching these people, some incident would occur that would make him realize how little had been achieved. Just the other day, Akad, a warrior Chaiko liked, beat his mate of many years in public for some infraction. Akad had been brutal, and she, shamefaced, accepted her punishment meekly. It was his right, Chaiko knew, according to Tolmec custom, but it was not just.
It bothered Chaiko that the Tolmecs had so little regard for women and children, giving them no status, no recognition. He wanted to shout, “You must have respect for one another!” But then he realized, how could they, the warriors themselves had no respect. They were cruel, all of them; endurance of pain was the only measure of respect that counted. Even the leaders in rising through the ranks had lost all other vision for themselves and their people. Truly the blind were leading the blind, puffed up by their own pride and vanity, fools leading fools so foolishly.
No wonder they held on so fastidiously to trappings and appearances of power. They had nothing else to prop them up, to give reassurance that their world and society was still righteous. But it was a parade of empty words and gestures.
Chaiko’s mouth turned down in rare disdain. This was what happened when children were not allowed to be children, not given love and recognition. But how could the mothers teach them when they had no respect or support from their mates? How could a boy learn from a silenced mother? But then how could that man give affirmation when he had none himself? Can we not rise above what we have been taught? Chaiko pondered a long time without resolving the issue. All he was sure of was that these people were truly dispossessed of their humanity. But what better champion for the dispossessed than a former cripple, himself dispossessed?
Still, when his thinking swayed the other way and strayed into condemnation, he quickly warned himself: don’t let your own mouth condemn you. Was the clan any more just than the Tolmecs? To themselves, to their women, to their children?
Kinder for sure. But did they not deprive women of power? Who else held power other than the powerful? The hunters, the strong, the angriest, the loudest, the most aggressive. Were they not all men? Chaiko had to admit to himself that though the clan was indeed more considerate, they still belittled their women and their accomplishments, and did not share the power justly. The differences between the clan and the Tolmecs were, therefore, differences in degree, not in kind. It was a sobering realization, and he resolved to undertake something about it when he got back home.
Certainly Tanya and Dawn had power, personal power. If a man did half the things those women did, he would be recognized and praised.
The trouble with thinking, Chaiko noted at times, was that one argued oneself into darkness with no way in or out. It seemed he could argue both sides of an issue with equal ease. He reminded himself of Bogan’s saying: “Let men do what they do best and let women do likewise.” That was the balance point on which all things should turn.
Ushi came to get him, chewing complacently on a ham bone. Noting Chaiko’s clouded face, he commented irreverently, “Don’t burn your brains out.”
Chaiko frowned back. “Things are not at all simple.”
“You want to keep things simple?” Ushi asked from behind a sardonic grin. “If it doesn’t itch don’t scratch it!”
Sometimes Ushi hit upon the truth or it fell upon him. If you want things simple, do not complicate them by thinking. Yes, when he reached twenty, he would give all this up and go fishing, and not bother his head with such concerns any longer. Twenty seemed a good time for this, for at sixteen, he already felt much too old.

Chapter 4
Tara said awkwardly to Chandar, “You saved my sister’s life, my only joy, at the risk of your life. I am ... grateful. I must, therefore, give you some favor worthy of a life. For such are the ways of all the Tolmec tribes. You may then ask anything of me and if it is in my power to give, I shall. Though I warn you, there is little that a woman holds that’s her own. And a warrior-girl, even less, for I must follow both paths and may not stray from either.”
Without thinking Chandar replied, “Then I ask for your hand.”
“A hand? You want my hand?” Tara teased. “I would have thought in the manner of men, you would pine after other body parts? My lips perhaps?” she said mockingly.
But Chandar persisted. “I ask for you to become my mate,” he formulated carefully.
“Such is not mine to give. You must ask my father, though you could also ask of Sogar who would act for him. But that is strictly between him and you—I have no word to say in it.”
“Then I ask of you, your heart. For your regard.”
“Do not chase me with pretty words as if I were an empty-headed woman. Or should I really rip out my heart from my bosom to give you? If you want my respect you must earn it. My life is not mine to give. Obedience I owe only to my mate to be. You have my gratitude and that should be enough. Speak of what you want in straight words so I do not misunderstand.”
“I will ask Sogar then, for your hand,” Chandar stated, a little irritated that she would not indulge him even a little in his attempt to decorate this important exchange. He was aware of the irony of fate that he who had played at courtship before should fall in love with a girl who would not let him do what he had practiced all his adult life. “I love you.”
“Speak not with hot little words again.” She threw them back in his face. “Speak of duty, obligation, of a right of claim. For they remain, but hot words cool and the man who said them soon forgets.”
“I am not like that!” he protested.
“Ah yes, I forget. You are a hunter and like to chase after. Should I then run so you can chase me? Perhaps then you will call the pounding of your heart love as well. But your breath is heavy and whistles in your nose. Perhaps that is love...”
Chandar interrupted her, exasperated. “Love is caring. I’d trade my life for yours and expect the same in return.” She grew quiet at that.

Late in the afternoon a runner arrived from the south causing a great commotion in camp. He was conducted before the leaders for a private audience. A crowd collected outside, guessing at the import of this event. It was not necessarily of great significance, for messages were often passed back and forth between the tribes, but it was unusual enough to cause a stir. Besides, it was Toemain’s habit to broadcast his wishes throughout the land by couriers. For crucial events, the runner carried a color, red for impending war and great danger, yellow for spreading sickness, green to indicate Toemain’s personal approach, blue to precede one of his high-ranking minions. This runner had carried no color.
Afterwards, much to everyone’s disappointment, the purpose of his arrival was not made public. So rumors grew rife about camp, some so outlandish as to be comical. Thus did the rank and file feed on crumbs that fell out of the master’s bowl.
Before evening, the runner sought out the visitors to convey a personal greeting from Toemain who had heard of their presence and expressed the hope that they would soon meet up again. People heard the public address and nodded knowingly; Toemain had his spies everywhere. This was a new concept for the visitors so it had to be explained to them painstakingly that a spy was not just a scout; a spy disguised himself to discover things kept hidden from view. Ushi, who had seen more of the larger world, quickly understood, but the concept was hard for Chaiko. Among the Standing-Rock Clan, all things were discussed to death, and there were few secrets left hidden from public view. But then Ushi mentioned Corrigan Lebow and Chaiko began to understand the direction of the wind. He thus learned that spying was a time-honored tradition, even a necessity, among the Tolmecs.
After a short consideration, the shaman realized that the leaders of the Tolmecs had also spied on their visitors. They were rarely out of earshot of somebody. Like bees, each spy would take a word back to their masters. Such was the wind that blew among the Tolmecs, snatching up a word here and a word there, the bitter harvest of distrust.

Chandar and Tara met again, drawn together by mutual need for one another. His injuries no longer really required her care, though they both kept up the convenient pretext to cover their real motives. They thought themselves clever but everyone saw through their sham. Some shook their heads disapprovingly and prophesied the most dire consequences should they overstep the bounds. Others, and therein lay the interest, were openly hoping that something untoward would happen. Nothing like a good scandal to liven up a long day of tedious toil. Oblivious to all these crosscurrents, the young people sparred with each other for some mutual understanding. To his astonishment Chandar found himself wrestling her with words and ideas and counter-arguments. Each was getting a quick lesson on the other’s culture.
“I love you,” he would try to say at times, or some such thing, but she would pooh-pooh his approaches as empty wish-words of little meaning and value. For abstract concepts like love, he tried to use the Tolmec word which really indicated only a mere preference, as in liking the taste of fowl over fish. With such paucity of words, he despaired of ever expressing how he really felt about her. He begged Ushi, who shook his head. “There is an archaic form that has been so reviled that if you were to use it in the context you want, you would unleash derision instead.”
So Chandar, who had filled himself with flowery speeches and grand romantic gestures, found himself frustrated at every turn. The language itself seemed to be conspiring against him, locking him out. Tara, in her turn, could not understand why he would bother to spend so much time on trivialities. She could read the need and desire in his eyes and for her that was enough: he had proven himself and had earned her gratitude so she was willing to respect him, allowing herself a degree of volition that was more than most women were permitted in her culture. Adroitly, she turned their problem over to him. “Go talk to your people to find out if they would be willing to have me. For if not, then the matter is dead and there is no further need to worry our heads over it.”
Her words gave him pause for consideration. It had never occurred to him that she could be rejected by his people, but he agreed that he had better make sure of it. Thus it was with some trepidation that he approached Chaiko.
“Shaman,” Chandar said and Chaiko knew right away that he was wanted in some official capacity. His mien turned serious as he looked at the young man, nine years his senior. “I hesitate to ask you this, having only been with the Standing-Rock Clan a year, but I find myself among strangers and need someone to speak for me.”
“Have we not adopted you?” Chaiko chided him. “Are you not a brother to Makar? Or perhaps we only adopted a hand but not the rest of you.” He donned a stern look and continued gravely, “I tell you, you are clan, with all rights, privilege and responsibilities. Through and through you are of Standing-Rock Clan as you are also of Lesser-Bear-Claw. There is no conflict there. Yes, I will stand for you. What would you have me say on your behalf?” he inquired, as if he did not suspect already.
“Before I can ask them, I must ask you,” Chandar elaborated, in spite of himself, worry filling his face. “I want Tara for my mate. And she would have me, if it could be so arranged. I love her more than life. I need her and burn for her...” and the pent-up words that she had not allowed poured out of him. In spite of himself Chaiko smiled, trying hard to erase the expression as he did not want to belittle the man’s feelings.
Chaiko did Chandar the courtesy of thinking his supplication through carefully. There had always been a time-honored tradition for clans with too few women, to import them from other clans who had more. Look at Tanya, Ile, and Dawn. No, he could find no objection there and said so. “As shaman of my people I give my approval of your suit, although, of course, we must consider the customs of Tara’s people and accede to their needs. And I need to speak to her so that she will know what it means to be joined to the clan.” A broad smile lit up Chandar’s face. One obstacle was cleared, though he had not really expected any. It would be another matter with the Tolmecs. But he had the best person to speak for him and protect his interest. Chaiko could move mountains, of that he was convinced. Had he not already?
Chaiko summoned Ushi and gave him the assignment of finding out how the Tolmecs went about joining a couple and who were the power-brokers in this case. He stressed that the trader find out details of the customs, so they could all play their roles properly. Ushi nodded, knowing what was wanted. “The lucky dog,” he said as he departed, leaving Chaiko wondering why dogs were so lucky. He kept stumbling over these puzzles but had to sweep them aside to attend to more pressing matters.
By evening Ushi reported to him quite a detailed overview of the situation. Tara’s father was Kovalik, who attended on Toemain himself in the leader’s personal retinue. It was said that he had the great man’s ear but it was more likely that he spent most of his time near the leader, cultivating his coterie of the influential. Nothing else really mattered to him. He had about a dozen or so daughters scattered throughout the tribes, but strangely, no sons, and took little responsibility as a father. In fact the only thing he gave his children was the prestige of his name in the shadow of power. But in a Tolmec society that was enough and more than what was available to most. The leader here would negotiate in his stead. To them, the whole thing was an arrangement of convenience, a transaction to gain power with personal feelings having no place in it. Given the high status the new Spirit-Guide held, Chaiko could likely negotiate from a very favorable bargaining position.
As regarded the ceremony itself, it was a rather barbarous affair, a public confession of total subservience of the woman to the man. It gave total power to the man over the fate of his mate. The woman was required to prostrate herself before the man as he placed his foot on her neck, and to swear him service and obedience, expecting nothing in return.
When later all three discussed the details of it, Chandar was horrified and refused to participate in any ritual that would so debase his intended. He loved her, he protested. Chaiko listened to his objections with patient sympathy, but surprised them with his decision. “To the contrary, you must go through with it, leaving nothing out. It is the custom of her people and besides, how are you to gain their approval if you do not observe their practices? Also, have you considered how else she is to know that you are indeed mated if you deny her the ceremony? Remember, she knows nothing of clan ways and thus our ways have little legitimacy in her eyes. No. You must be joined through the Tolmec ceremony, for her sake and even for yours. When we get back home, we will do a clan ceremony as the clan tradition requires.” Thus spoke the shaman of the Standing-Rock Clan, and both Chandar and Ushi had to accept his ruling.

After the midday meal, Chandar approached the shaman again with Tara in tow. “Shaman, this woman wishes to speak with you,” he said, speaking Tolmec so that she would understand. Chaiko smiled up at the girl who was obviously nervous about this meeting. With a polite gesture, he indicated for her to sit across from him on a spread of bison furs. Gracefully she sat down. Chandar was about to join her, but Chaiko dismissed him. Tara’s apprehension increased.
The two looked at each other. The girl was very attractive, Chaiko concluded, in a very healthy way. Curly hair, big, intelligent eyes that darted appraisingly about, a determined set to her mouth. There was no softness to those lips, he remarked to himself. Her skin was smooth, with a few faint scars here and there. Warrior-girl, Chandar had called her. Her posture was straight and proud, her motions graceful but not without purpose. Looking at the smooth play of muscles, he was impressed; this girl was very strong for a woman, indeed, strong enough even for a man. Are you sure, Chandar, do you really want to mate this woman? She will demand much from you.
Tara, in her turn, with a bold open look uncharacteristic of her sex, sized up the shaman. He was very young, she thought, until she looked into his penetrating eyes, and immediately felt naked in front of him. A shiver of apprehension coursed through her. She had already heard much about this man from warrior talk, which she could scarcely credit as she regarded him sitting so calmly across from her. He could change his shape, just like he could grow a wooden leg, and turn trees into warriors, rain down fire, and command the bison into battle. Did he not make twigs kill? And hornets and bees to obey him? This was certainly a man of power; no wonder Latto chose him. Then a novel thought occurred to her: perhaps they all had it backwards, perhaps this man had chosen Latto instead, and assumed all of Latto’s power, to add to his own already considerable authority. A superstitious dread coursed through her.
“So, you would mate Chandar?” he prompted her in a smooth, calm tone. His voice surprised her, so self-possessed, so reassuring with just a faint trace of the exotic glowing through it. Almost fatherly. Tara blinked and simply said, “Yes.”
“Why?” he asked not in a demanding tone, but interested.
“Because ... he asked, and I owe him much.”
“He saved your sister,” Chaiko prompted.
“Yes ...” Tara replied, unsure of what he wanted from her. “But he is more ...” her voice trailed off.
“Perhaps because you were ... interested?” he tried to help her out.
“He is in... my thoughts,” she stumbled, but he nodded at her encouragingly. “I think of him all the time. Sometimes I try not to, but still he appears. I can’t shake him out of my head. I try sometimes, but he always returns.”
“He does, does he?” the shaman asked. “And does he also appear in your dreams?”
She looked at him in surprised. “Why yes. He does! I dream of him nearly every night.”
“And in these dreams, what does he do?”
She suddenly looked down at her lap, anxiously interlacing her fingers. She blushed crimson. Can he see my thoughts? she worried. “He ... does things ... I have never done before. Things that make me burn with impatience ... and rob me of breath...” She lapsed into silence, not knowing how to describe the things he did in her dreams.
“And would you like for him to stop?”
“Nooo!” But she was obviously still confused. A person who liked to be in control of herself, feeling the vehemence of suppressed emotions straining to break free. Chaiko smiled at her disarmingly. Once again she felt naked and her hands moved protectively across her lap.
The shaman did not miss her instinctive gesture, and had to wonder if she would be as fiercely passionate as Ushi’s Aylu. It was, however, unseemly to ask. She had good hips, wide enough for easy childbirth. “Your father...?” he prompted.
“I rarely see him,” she replied apologetically, her palms turned up and outward. “There is really only me and Cora.”
“Could you then leave here, to join his people?” the shaman leaned forward with interest, peering at her closely.
“Yes,” she said but he felt her hesitation, and saw regret pass fleetingly across her face. “Yes,” and this time he heard in her determined tone that she had indeed made her choice.
He smiled and nodded at her, and both knew that the audience was over. Still he did not dismiss her. He was thinking how the others back home, the women especially, would feel receiving this strong, vital warrior-girl into their midst. She would be a new measure of comparison for them; that thought did not entirely sit well with him. But they would certainly be glad for Chandar’s sake.
“You know, we are a small people, there are not many of us. We are more like a family.” He said this to reassure her, but then realized that she really did not have a family of her own, except for her sister Cora. A shadow passed over his face, and Tara looked concerned as to what she could have done to disturb him. Chaiko quickly beamed at her. “Did Chandar teach you any clan words?”
“Just three,” she replied hesitatingly.
“Which three?”
Blushing furiously, pronouncing each syllable very deliberately, she replied, “I love you.” Chaiko chuckled with appreciation. Yes, Chandar would shower her with those words.
He looked her over once again. It embarrassed her visibly, but she did not try to hide herself. He liked that. He liked looking at her, seeing a strong, lean body ready for some action even at rest and was delighted with her candor. There was nothing affected about her, at least not now, but perhaps when she struck a warrior’s pose. Still it was refreshing for him, clearing his mind just as an invigorating swim would the body. He smiled approvingly at her again, conscious that he had been smiling a lot throughout this whole encounter, then with a gracious gesture gave her leave to depart.
She rose, but much to her surprise, she found herself reluctant to leave him. The man was younger by years than she, but still she had the feeling that he already cared for her as a father would. A pain surged through her and she inserted the cynical thought, “How would you know that?” to block it. The only trouble with these new people was that they stirred up her feelings and confused her. It was much easier to pretend to be strong in the Tolmec way.
A short time later Chandar found her. From the wide beam of pleasure on his face she recognized right away that the interview had been successful. She felt very glad and relieved.

It was late afternoon when Chaiko presented himself at the headman’s and requested an audience. The man was surprised to see him, but he had been educated all his life in a school of conspiracy and he smelled some intrigue brewing here. After a number of pleasantries they hurried through, Chaiko had Ushi present his request, asking for Tara’s hand for Chandar. In actual fact, Chaiko was proficient enough in their tongue to have conducted the negotiations himself, but he wanted to use Ushi’s back and forth translation as a buffer, to buy him some time to think, should the bargaining become too fast-paced or intricate.
With their request disclosed and open for discussion, Chaiko could see avarice creep over the man’s countenance, the pointed look of a ferret. He rubbed his hands together with glee, in obvious expectation of profit.
The headman started by praising Tara’s lineage, taking them back a few generations. Then he stressed the father’s high and exalted position. Oh how sad the man would be to lose such an obedient daughter. Then he praised her many fine qualities. But of feelings and consideration there were none in his speech. He went on to quickly assure them that even though she was of such fine quality, a very reasonable price could be arranged.
Chaiko turned to Ushi and pretended to accept his explanation. At the word price he affected great surprise and said emphatically, “We do not buy and sell our women like furs or clay pots or ...” and he lapsed into shocked speechlessness. Ushi knew of course just what tone to take.
The man gave himself just as surprised at this reaction. Not sell a possession? Just give it away??! It was his turn to look taken aback. But Chaiko saw his eyes glint with pleasure at the prospect of an intense negotiation.
With the respective positions clearly defined, the bargaining could begin in earnest. The headman listed again each of her many fine qualities, stressing above all her unquestioning obedience. He lowered his asking price but not by much. Ushi’s voice trembled with suppressed amusement when he translated the claims of her obedience. Chaiko flashed an eye warningly at him. It was sometimes easier to negotiate when both sides could pretend some convenient fiction. It eased them over the ambiguities. Besides, she was obedient when she was not being rebellious.
Chaiko feigned personal disinterest in the details of the proceeding but directed Ushi in pained, impatient tones. He was merely doing a favor for this callow young man, so besotted by this vixen of a girl that he whined and pined after her. But such an asking price was out of the question, and in turn he made a modest counteroffer. He was only doing this to tie the man personally to him as an ally. To him personally the girl was worth nothing. A bone to reward a follower with, perhaps.
The headman assured him quickly that he knew exactly what he was talking about. Everybody needed to buy allies and influence. And if it were only up to him, he would let the girl go for less but there was a high-placed father to think about; anything less would be considered an insult to him, something which, in his high position, he couldn’t allow.
Chaiko admitted to seeing his point and said he would gladly pay the price asked, but it far exceeded their current means. He had advised the young man to mate one of their own as he wouldn’t have to teach her the language. But the young man had said that the Tolmecs had trained their women so well that it would save him much time, claiming that she would do what he would order. Personally, I think the young man is lazy, Chaiko confessed, but good, maybe he would be willing to go a little higher with the price, but still couldn’t match the asking price.
The headman agreed with him. Yes, a woman needs to learn to read the wishes of a man from his expression alone and not bother with language at all. Tara is a strong and healthy girl, who will bear a lucky man many children. So he could not give her for less than what he had to consider his bottom price.
Chaiko listened patiently through the translation, his face reflecting a loss of hope. He shook his head regretfully and said he must decline the latest offer since he could now see that there was no room for agreement. He apologised for wasting the man’s time. But the headman quickly proved him wrong: there was plenty of time for discussion, to refine the offer.
So back and forth it went. The man was most persistent, but then Chaiko had bested Corrigan Lebow, lacking neither patience nor perseverance. Ushi, who had to do twice the talking, soon grew dry of mouth and had to beg their host for some refreshments, which were quickly provided. The bartering resumed, at each turn yielding just a bit more.
Little by little, to Ushi’s amazement, Chaiko allowed himself to be talked into raising the price he was willing to consider. Ushi was shocked at the final amount of twelve prime bison pelts of winter thickness without flaws. This was half the initial asking price, but by Ushi’s calculating, still exorbitant. The headman was most satisfied, for as middleman, he had claim on two pelts at least. Then when all seemed concluded, Chaiko raised a protest, how his host had taken advantage of his inexperience with his most persuasive tongue, but he could really not go through with such a one-sided deal. So further discussion followed, taking quite some time to find a compromise. For fourteen pelts they would get Tara and her younger sister thrown in. This time the agreement was concluded most amicably, the headman pleased with his own acumen. Three pelts should now belong to him. But, in the background of all his contentment, an uneasy taste lingered in his mouth because he had gotten an unexpected glimpse of the Spirit-Guide. He hadn’t expected the other’s tenacity or acumen. The man was always full of surprises.

On the way back to their hut, Ushi complained bitterly to Chaiko. “We could have driven the price further down by a third at least; you had no need to agree to it,” he said reproachfully.
“You are right of course. Still it was a good price for what we got,” Chaiko offered conciliatorily.
But Ushi was not ready to let it go, his trader’s pride wounded at having been so bested. “You let them rob you,” he accused.
Chaiko stopped, looked levelly at the trader and calmly explained, “The mistake you make is that you conclude we were buying something. No, for that is their game. We were actually selling something ... respect. The price we agreed upon is a price that we can live with, and it is a price that will give honor to Tara, and respect her worth.” He waited with raised eyebrows for Ushi to digest this latest thought. “Or do you think there is much honor in a rock bottom price ... either for her or for us? We must pay value for value.”
“But they now think less of you,” the trader protested weakly.
Patiently Chaiko explained, “I do not care for their regard. They will always find some reason to look down on us, regardless of what we do. It is not worth currying favor with them. It is Tara I am concerned about. It is her feelings I must protect ... and Cora’s. I hope we did the right thing there. They are now my responsibility or will be shortly.” Ushi had to agree. The shaman always proved his points so well, when he chose to reveal his thoughts.

Shortly after, it was a jubilant Chandar who left them to find Tara. When informed of the details she was overjoyed and when she heard that Cora was also included, her last reservations melted away. Though she found the price of fifteen pelts for the two of them somewhat low, she credited the shaman for squeezing such a price out of the stingy headman.
“It is a good price, all around, and you must pay all of it. For it reflects well on you as well, to have gotten a quality mate. It reflects well on me and pays a fair price to my father, to whom I owe respect, and I would be cursed if I were to allow him to be cheated. For before you there was he and I must pay my obligations.”
“I love you...” Chandar exulted. He said the words because he needed to say them, but instantly she bristled.
“Don’t chase me with hot words, adorned in the ways of your people. Though I serve you, I am a warrior-girl still and must have a warrior mate. I will never let you be less, do not forget that! During the ceremony you must be firm. Don’t place a timid foot on my neck. You must tramp down hard, you understand? To show everybody that you would make a fine mate for me. You understand? You promise to do this? Promise?”
“I promise,” he finally said, his face contorted into a sour grimace.
Then shyly, to reward him, she replied “I love you” for the second time that day and meant by it more than just a mild preference, by reaching back for the archaic root her people had forgotten.

The next day, as Chaiko was sitting by himself, he worried, not for the first time, about how things were going back home. He worried about Dawn, Yael and Tanya’s pregnancy for she would be due soon. On leaving he had promised that they would be back within a moon, but that had now stretched to two. And it would take them five days to get back. Two years ago when he first crossed the same plain, it had taken Dawn and him much longer. But that was then, they were at the edge of their known world. Today that world was much larger than any of them suspected.
He hoped fervently that the clan would not worry about them. The delay was regrettable, but not within his control. First they had to wait to allow Chandar to recover from his injuries and then they had to arrange the ‘release’ of the two girls and then there was the mating ceremony still to come. He wished he could thought-walk all the way home, gently wake Dawn up and reassure her that they were all right.
Ushi came over to collect him, so that the day would not be lost in some reverie. The trader sat down somewhat stiffly and groaned. “That woman is going to be the death of me yet,” he complained. “It is a good thing we will be going home soon.” After some further reflection, to his own surprise he added, “I am going to miss her.” Then he limped off in search of her again.

Chapter 5
The midsummer sky extended from horizon to horizon, a uniform mild blue, with nary a cloud in view. The sun smiled benignly down on the earth, and the blossoms open themselves to the warm touch of its rays. Berries were ripening in sheltered places, and the ears of grass were forming into seed pods.
The grasslands waved in the breeze and undulated playfully around the islands of trees. The river was edged with a dark green belt of fresh growth, bushes and trees fighting for a spot near the river bank. The cane fields to the south, at the flooded confluence of two of the river’s tributaries, lost themselves in dense, choking vegetation, and only the water could find its way out of that labyrinth. There was a great variety of marsh birds, and a constant cacophony of sound that filled the air. Even the short winged harrier hawk was wary of the place as birds rose en mass to mob any predator, chasing and diving at it from all direction.
The grasslands were teeming with life as well. The bison had returned in large numbers, much more of them than the previous year. Small herds roamed everywhere, crisscrossing the landscape in all direction, trampling their passage into the land. There were herds of wild horses, onagers, antelopes, and the smaller gazelles. An occasional sand bear would frequent the rivers fishing, pausing often to stand on hind legs to better observe the countryside, drop to all fours to meander lazily on, or break into a surprisingly quick run.
There were the usual predators patrolling the trails, packs of wolves, coyotes, hyenas, and an occasional mountain lion could be heard in the thickets, coughing when anything came too close. There were also wide ranging packs of dogs appearing in unusual numbers. No one could recall seeing this many of them, this far north. Like the hyena, they were fearless and inquisitive. With quick, nervous movements, ranging back and forth, they would pause often to sniff after an interesting scent. A few groupings of water buffalo pushed north and settled in the many scattered bogs and water-runs. They alone pressed through the dense marsh growth, making new pathways through the greenery. On shore, families of warthogs routed holes energetically into the soft soil, searching for edible roots. Opportunistic birds invaded these holes looking for something left over for their smaller appetites.
The Standing-Rock clan was happy to note all this plenitude, promising a good year. Baer had organized a successful First-Hunt bagging four bison, two antelopes and some deer who could easily outrun a spear but not a well-aimed talon. The cairns in the cave were filled with some of the surplus meat and people looked hopefully to an even more prosperous hunting season.
The sun shone warmly on the cliff face and was scattered by the many fissures in all directions, reflecting a soft illumination into the interior. The cave had changed little. Tanya had overseen the construction of permanent drying racks which stood just outside the cave, ungainly and awkward, like so many skeletons.

The people were in reasonably good shape. And with the exception of Kor, who seemed more feeble every day, and Emma’s occasional arthritic complaints, no one had serious ailments to contend with. Still, not everything was right with the clan. Their shaman was gone over two moons to minister among strangers and former enemies, promising to be back within a moon, but he had not returned. People worried about him, and with the passing of each day the worry deepened. Even Baer was growing more and more concerned. Dawn fretted that she just could not understand what could be keeping him; with a mate and a son to take care of he had no excuse. In fact the only person who refused to worry about the shaman was, predictably, Lana. When her mate Crow mentioned that something had possibly happened to Chaiko she jumped all over him. “If you think that, you don’t know your friend very well. He is smarter than all of us. He can even smell trouble coming. Or have you forgotten that? He warned us often enough and saved our lives. And he has magic on his side.” After that Crow dared not voice any more doubts about the shaman to her.
Tanya gave birth to a boy. It was not a difficult labor, though it was not an easy one either. The birth was early by half a moon, they thought, but were not quite sure.
Late into her pregnancy the women had tried hard to calculate the exact time, spending many evenings obsessing over it, struggling with the count.
“You know how babies are made, don’t you?” Dawn had asked, not sure of what the exact clan view was on the matter.
“When a man lies with a woman and covers her ...” Tanya started to say.
“And plants his seed in her ...” Ile added.
“Yes, like we plant rye seed ... to grow in its time. But you have to remember when the seed was planted,” Dawn said conclusively.
“I remember,” Tanya confided. “I remember exactly.”
Ile asked somewhat skeptically: “Really?”
“Oh yes. Over the past few years I can tell you each and every time we have been together. Not when we first began, that is true, for then one time ran into the next. But now?” She and Ile giggled girlishly. “Yes, in those days they could not wait to bed you. Always dragging you under the covers, and they huffed their way through it. Anytime and all the time.”
“Making pests of themselves,” Ile added.
Dawn stayed quiet, for with her it was the other way around; it was she who had to drink and drink, and still felt thirsty in spite of it.
Tanya then reminisced, “Those were good days. The blood always hot as if with fever. And we were like rabbits. And then he would be spent and snore like a bear. Oh yes, during the day he was like a wolf, always prowling this way and that, sniffing after me, but when night came he turned into a rabbit, then when he ... we were done, he turned into a bear. Now he is mostly a bear, always grumpy, and does not want to do much snuggling even.”
Dawn was aware that the two were beginning to cast suspicious glances in her direction for she had been so quiet, so to distract them she turned them back to the problem of time again. “If you remember so well, then where is the problem?”
“I remember exactly when, the moment, but not the count. Once I was sure that I was pregnant, waking up sick morning after morning, I started to count. See?” and she held up a length of string with knots in it. “Each new moon I would make a double knot and now I have seven double knots here, but I forgot exactly how much time passed before I started counting. I tried to figure it out with Emma, but she was little help, time kind of slips by her now. We need the shaman, he is supposed to keep track of things. But where is the shaman when you really need him?”
“He does keep count!” Dawn said brightening. She jumped up and ran off to her fire, rummaged among their belongings and came back with a rolled up deer skin. She unfurled the skin, smoothed it out and placed a few stones at the edges. The three friends bent over it.
“What is it?”
“He calls it his counter and each day he makes a mark on it. If something important happens that day, he notes it beside the mark. This skin here is for this year. Here look, this short mark is the count for the day. And this round thing is a full moon on that day.”
“It is hard to look at this. It is like counting a swarm of ants. Why does Chaiko do his?” Tanya wanted to know.
“Yeah,” Ile added, “seems like the waste of a good skin.”
Dawn said protectively, “I do not know why he does this, but Chaiko always has a reason for doing things. Good reasons.”
“Yes, yes,” Tanya hurried to mollify Dawn’s ruffled sensibilities, “we do know our shaman. Come help me make sense of this.”
The three women pored over the skin, counted and recounted, and by the end of the morning they were reasonably sure of the count. Tanya was able to make one more knot upon her counting-string. There was thus less than a moon to go.
Then one morning about half way into the last moon, when Tanya tied to stand up, her water broke and soon she was in labor. A half moon early! The women threw all the men out of the cave and collected protectively around her. Soon cries of anguish filled the cave as all the women joined in her moaning, wailing in sympathy. Outside, the backs of the men ran cold with shivers at all the keening sounds coming from the cave.
A little later, covered with the sweat, Tanya ruefully said to her friends, “At least being early saves me a half a moon of being so fat.” Then her grasp tightened on their hands hard as a fresh wave of cramps hit her, and they all broke out in cries of agony.
The baby was born, a boy, with a bruise on his forehead which had been stuck in the birth canal. His cries of complaint filled the cave. His mother held him proudly, swaddled in soft skins in her arms, as the squirming little thing settled against her breasts and quieted at the sounds of her heart. Tired as she was, she smiled at him tenderly and hummed a comforting melody.
It had not been an easy birth, though perhaps no birth was ever easy. Tanya looked at her son, and wondered if it had been as painful for him. The women fussed over the newborn and the mother. Emma was especially proud, having bustled about officiously all day, and now took credit as if she were the mother of both.
At the sounds of baby’s cries the men outside breathed a sigh of relief—Baer especially, and he pushed himself into the cave but the women chased him off until they could clean the baby and mother and change the covers. Only then was he allowed to approach and was given the baby to hold. “A boy!” he said, and held the baby aloft for the rest of the men to see, since they were still prevented from coming in. “A boy!”
“Be careful how you hold him!” Tanya called to him anxiously. “Don’t you dare drop him.” But Baer smiled a broad smile. “A boy,” he exulted, “a hunter, yes, yes, a boy.” It was worth all the pain, he thought.
Outside the men grew restless and finally Kray stuck his head in. “Will supper be soon now?” he called plaintively. And so hurriedly, the women turned their attention to cooking.

Some days later, with her boy secure in her arms, Tanya complained to Baer, “Where is Chaiko? What could be keeping him? He promised to be back. Our son needs a name. We need our shaman.”
“It was you who said for me to let him go off,” Baer reminded her.
“I said for Dawn to go back to her people. And of course for him to go along with her. But not on his own like this,” she corrected him. “For what, I ask you? To serve the Tolmecs? And who are they that our shaman should serve them?” she bristled with indignation. “The boy needs a name.”
“That is no problem. I shall call him Doku, meaning boar, after that great hunter in my father’s line.”
“You?! You can’t name your son! That is the shaman’s responsibility,” Tanya snapped. “There are spiritual considerations in naming a person. What do you know of spirits? You?” she said challenging him. She might be an obedient mate but she was also a fierce mother, and as he already knew from past experience, the mother would always win over the mate.
“Of spirits? Nothing,” he grumbled and strode away. All he knew was what his mother had often told him, that his father had always wanted a boy named Baer, and here he was, proving that spirits must listen to the parents’ wishes.
When he returned a little later, he was tender to her and grateful for the fine boy she had given him. What better present could a man ask from a mate, than such a robust baby boy? He stroked her hands and face gently. But the memory of the pain and effort a few scant days ago was still so fresh in her mind that she could not appreciate his gestures very much; you will have to keep that up some time to make up for what I had to go through. Just like a man to think that this was a gift for him, when in all reality the baby was for me. Inwardly, she smiled, then cautioned herself that the baby would need both of them.

Dawn was worried. Time was passing with still no sign of Chaiko and the others. Where could they be? He had promised! A moon he had said. And there were things to be done. The people needed their shaman. Already the First Hunt was done and it went well, no thanks to him. The bison had returned in fair numbers, and so with good conscience they hunted them and collected four more. There had to be a feast to celebrate their success, and so it came to pass that the Standing-Rock Clan commemorated the Feast of First-Fires without their shaman.
Rea argued long with Gill that the ceremony fell far short of what was required; he was sure some taboos were violated by the shortened ritual. He made dire predictions about likely consequences. One day he claimed that the earth would turn inside out from a violent earthquake. Next he saw a giant dust storm that ate the grassland, despoiling it into a wasteland. Some days he woke almost eager to see which predicted calamity had come true. After a while, Gill pointed out that Rae had predicted so much that something he said must surely come true. Of course then Ela wanted to know which. “I hope it’s not the marching caterpillars, that would be too ... unpleasant. Yuck,” and she shuddered violently. That night she woke repeatedly for she could feel them crawling all over her. An unending solid phalanx of crawling, creeping bodies marking a hairy pathway across the land.

Throughout the last trimester of Tanya’s pregnancy, the care of their garden had devolved entirely upon Dawn. They had more than doubled its size and had included new varieties, an herb like coriander as well as more grain, like sorghum. Dawn found it difficult to tend the garden by herself when Tanya’s condition had prevented the headwoman from taking an active part. Tanya would, however, sit there for hours looking at the plants growing and blooming. She saw in the little plot the promise of a better life ahead, and with a child growing inside her, the future had become even more important. Lana was grown now, and had a future of her own to face, but the new baby ... she hoped it would be a boy, it would please Baer so much.
Dawn finally enlisted Ile and Lana’s help, which made the work go faster. It amazed Dawn that the other two were not overly excited by the significance of the garden; they were willing to help as matter of course, and could even see the advantage of the concept, but the larger view seemed to have eluded them. Indeed they wondered why she was making such a to-do about it. Dawn had to agree with Chaiko that most people went through life blind, seeing only a little ways in front of them.
She took great pains to teach them all she knew about the garden, for once she left they would have to tend and care for it with Tanya’s oversight. Perhaps they should put off the trip for the next year, she considered, but then thought no, for no one knows if they could find another opportunity to do so. Things had a way of interrupting plans. Like Chaiko’s present absence.
******
The morning was half over when a large procession of Tolmecs spilled from camp to accompany their guests now taking their leave. Men, women and children, just about everybody, emerged from behind the barrier fence then headed east toward the river.
A few of the leaders had also come along, in their hearts genuinely glad to see their guests leaving. It had been a very uncomfortable feeling for them to have such an exalted personage as their Spirit-Guide looking, so to speak, over their shoulders. Though it had been evident that the shaman did not mix in the politics of their affairs, they were so used to plotting against one another for power that it was inconceivable to them that Chaiko did not. The notables were sure that some form of conspiracy was afoot. When this morning they saw the entire camp turn out in a genuine effort of leave taking, they felt confirmed in their suspicions. Chaiko was surrounded by a constant press of people all reaching for him and touching him. He had recognised that they were really reaching for Latto, to connect with him, and after a while he had gotten used to it. Some of the women were even crying. He saw that there were genuine feelings transferred from him onto them, further evidence of their need for a Spirit-Guide who would free them from the self-imposed rigid rules of conduct and the stark cruelty of their existence. They were reaching out for him in their need, and in time they would learn to reach for each other. Yes, in all, Chaiko was satisfied. He had done all he could for them in the present circumstances, made them all aware that there were other values to strive for.
For personal reasons he was more than satisfied. Though newly adopted into the clan, Chandar had become Chaiko’s responsibility, and it was therefore his duty to ensure that Chandar was content. Well the young man now had a mate and Chaiko had been instrumental in that acquisition; certainly without his intercession that would not have been possible. Thus three had started on this journey and now five would be going back, the shaman thought, knowing that Baer would be pleased because Chandar, with his new wife, would be tied more firmly to the Standing-Rock Clan. The extra girl, Cora, would also be most welcome, which led Chaiko to think of Ruba right away. But Ruba would need to grow up, to be worthy of such responsibility. Then he thought, children need to grow up too fast as it is—no good to hurry it more. Did not Dawn complain that he was expecting too much from his own son already?
The procession wound its way through the hills, and although there was a celebratory flavor to their progress, there was also a sadness that deepened as they got near the river. Children ranged ahead in joyous exuberance. Unusual for their warlike nature, there were hardly any weapons visible, which was to honor their Spirit-Guide and to emphasise their peaceful purpose. It was thus a little jarring when the sentinels, fully painted in red and armed with spears and warclubs, presented themselves and asked to be touched. Chaiko reached for them, aware of an ambivalent resistance welling in him, for in their full regalia he was reminded that these were the same people who had besieged him at High-Cave and caused the clan so much torment. But he was also their Spirit-Guide, and for the moment at least he was their best chance to achieve change and be humanized. “Latto” or “Ablatto,” they murmured as they touched him, showing that even a hardened savage could admit to a certain reverence.
Then they were at the water’s edge. The river was lower and the current more placid, Chaiko noted with some relief. He wanted to cross it with a degree of dignity, not be swimming for his life like a drowning rat. Chandar would also be more at ease. But Chandar was more worried about the girls. He and Ushi retrieved the bundles of wood they had used and checked the bindings to make sure they were secure enough. Then he gave instruction to the girls.
Tara listened but smiled at his concerns. Pulling some skins from her pack, she said with her customary self-assurance, “Do not worry about us, we know how to cross rivers.” At the river’s edge she dipped a skin into the water, waited a moment for the skin to swell, then started trapping air in it. Soon four skin bags were inflated and securely tied to hold in the air. She took two and affixed them under her sister’s arms, then did likewise for herself. Chaiko, Ushi and Chandar were ready with their bundles of wood. This time, exposed to public view, they did not strip. Slowly, deliberately, they waded into the river. The water was cool but noticeably warmer than last time. There was a hushed silence on the shore as the Tolmecs stood watching them expectantly. Then the footing dropped away, and one by one, the current grabbed hold of them and floated them downstream. The crowd began to move as well downstream, calling out warnings and encouragement. Chaiko concentrated on holding his fire-bag with the live ember protected inside, well above the water. Ushi made landing first, then one by one, Tara, Chaiko, and Chandar pulling on Cora. The young girl was all wet, her hair hanging in soaked strands, but smiling broadly. It had been great fun.
At their safe landfall, a great shout went up from the far bank as the Tolmecs rejoiced at their successful crossing. The crowd surged from side to side in an impromptu dance of celebration.
Chaiko and Ushi busied themselves with making a fire. The water had not been as cold as previously but still, they needed a fire to warm themselves up. Soon a cheery blaze was radiating warmth toward them. The men undressed to loin strips, then shook and spread out their leather clothing to dry. “Don’t warm it too fast or too near the flames,” Ushi warned, “or it will dry and shrink.” Tara made Cora take off all her things; she crouched down naked, her arms and hands covering herself. Tara shook the wrap vigorously then held it to the fire to warm it, vapour rising from the skin.
On the far shore the dancing subsided and a regretful silence shrouded the crowd. Then a stir went through their standing ranks as a group of women waded knee deep in water, waving and in tears, beseeching them to come back. This was indeed a high honor for the departing and even Ushi looked touched by the scene.
However Chaiko cautioned, “These people put on a good show, but remember that’s probably all it is.”
“That may be,” said Ushi, who had also learned a few things about the Tolmecs over their stay, “but usually, men do not join in such ostentation.” The men had also formed a line and came running up to the water’s edge, then retreated back again to show their sorrow at parting. Again and again, they charged and retreated, the women joining them. Chaiko could hear them crying out, “Latto, Latto, come back.”
On the far shore, the five waved back at them. They were now reasonably dry. The fire had consumed itself and shrunk to a thin veil of smoke.
“There will be one who will miss me for sure,” Ushi exhaled a long breath.
“Who?” Chaiko did him the courtesy to ask, as if he could not guess.
“Aylu that’s who!” the trader replied. “And so help me, I will miss her too.” Then after a long last wave, they turned, set their faces to the east and started off.
A roar of dismay rose among the multitude, then lapsed into heavy, discouraged silence. The crowd still waited, looking after the retreating figures. Every once in a while one of the departing would look back and wave to them which set off a new wave of commotion on the far shore, but each times the figures were smaller and more distant. Then they disappeared below a ridge line. A murmur of disappointment swept the crowd once more. But still the crowd stayed, marvelling at themselves, surprised by their own reactions.
From higher up, the leaders looked on with uneasy expressions on their faces. Sogar grumbled to the others, “I told you he was here to steal something from us.” The others looked after the man with half a leg, and asked themselves what had he stolen? Tara? The young smooth-faced man they called Chandar did that. Cora? She was going with her sister. One less mouth to feed. So what had he stolen, they asked?
Frowning, Sogar grumbled, “Peoples’ hearts.” Then reluctantly the crowd started back, dispersing like the mist on a freshening day. Soon both sides of the river were empty and the water rolled on its way downstream unconcerned with the cares of men.

Tara did not once look back. To her way of thinking that part of her life was over and she now needed to look ahead. She was mated, that is half-mated in a Tolmec ceremony which tied her to Chandar as long as she lived or as long as he would have her, but he was not tied to her completely until they performed a clan ceremony. This had presented quite a dilemma for her on their first night together. He had wanted to press his rights over her body but she had pleaded with him, “It is your right to claim what is yours and I have no right to refuse you and I will not do so. But hear me out please. I am mated according to the customs of my tribe and shall fulfil all its demands of me. But these traditions of my land do not bind you. You would therefore come into me as a single man. I would not refuse that for my sake and nor shall I, but I must ask you to reconsider for your children’s sake. They should be seeded in purity, to be raised into righteousness that they might grow up strong and straight as their parents. It is for their sake that I ask you this. But let it be according to your pleasure.”
What could he say after that? He loved her and it tied his hands, though he did try to get around her plea. “Then let Chaiko join us in a ceremony here and now. He is shaman and he has words of power to unite us. Then I would be mated to you without question.”
“I do not refuse you and I do not question his right to perform any ceremony, but it would be more proper to have your people there to witness the day that you and I were joined and your children seeded. But it is your right to choose.” The warrior-girl lowered her head awaiting his decision.
Chandar looked hard at her, his blood boiling with a drive that drummed in his ears. She had prostrated herself and placed his foot on her neck and he had trampled down hard as she made him promise to her, hard enough to leave marks. She had said to him repeatedly that she would never allow him to be weak; was this one of those times when he had to assert himself? Desire demanded yes, but reason cautioned no! Still it cost him a great deal to listen to his reason. They had since lain side by side, but done nothing. It was hard on both of them.
Now they were on the clan’s side of the river and already the line of hills lay far behind them, receding into the background. Chandar recognised the path. It was the same one they had used when rescuing Lana and Ido. He could still sense the threat in the air as he remembered the Tolmec pursuit gaining on them. Then they came to the ridge where he, Crow and Makar turned on the enemy and drove them off. He paused at the top, where they had taken desperate counsel and he had offered to hold back the pursuit by himself, but the rest had refused. If he would have stayed alone, he would long be dead, and he would have never been mated to Tara. It was perhaps good that we do not know what waits in our future, he thought. In fact, in order to live in the present, we have to be blind to the future. These thoughts were growing beyond him; he had better ask the shaman. He looked up and found all of them looking at him. “What is it?” Tara asked, concerned.
He wanted to tell her. Here, they had made a stand and chased off the enemy. He felt pride in that fact, but could not tell her, after all, they were her people still. He also felt the chill of dread at how close he had come to death: if so, none of this would have been possible. Did life hang by such a fine thread? It scared him, but he could not tell her, for these were weak thoughts. And she wouldn’t let him be weak, ever, so she had insisted. He shook his head, stretched a smile across his face and pretended unconcern. The little procession resumed, five people on their way to a new destiny. Perhaps none felt that as strongly as little Cora. She was tired of the strict conduct her old culture imposed, but now she was free of it, heading toward a new world but not yet there. The freedom of being between cultures was exhilarating. She jumped for joy until, finally, Tara called her to mind herself. Culture or no culture, there was always somebody ready to sit on you, Cora grumbled... but not too loudly.
Chaiko pushed them as fast as he could go with his wooden leg. His muscles ached from the long stride he forced but he desperately wanted to be home as he had promised, and there were days of travelling ahead of them still. Looking up at the sky, he saw an eagle up high cruising on the air currents and felt a momentary envy for the freedom of the wide open air enjoyed by the bird. Yet he did not have to flounder on the ground, as they were forced to. He focused his mind and aimed a thought at the eagle, fly north-by-east, find my mate, let her know we are coming. If he truly had some magic then the bird must do as he had commanded. The eagle gathered his wings and with a few powerful strokes changed its course north then angled off to the east. At this sign of compliance, Chaiko pulled up thunderstruck. Ushi, following, ran into him and complained. The shaman remained rooted to the spot, still watching the flight of the eagle in the direction he had commanded. Could it really be true?
******
The cave was quiet. People were worried and depressed. Their shaman had been gone too long. What could have happened? Did the Tolmecs keep him by force and prevent him from ever coming back? They claimed he was their Spirit-Guide, did they not? They were used to taking things anyway, one more or one less made little difference to them. Rae voiced the rather sinister opinion that the three had drowned crossing the river. Gill, for once, was not so tolerant of his friend’s dire prediction and told him curtly to hold his tongue or swallow it. Rea was indignant, but after that he kept his forebodings to himself.
Baer, unable to wait quietly any longer, sent Cosh to go first west, then circle south to see if he could see something. “Don’t let yourself be seen. The cave must not see us worry or they will lose heart. Don’t stay long either.” Cosh was gone almost two whole days but saw nothing.
Dawn fretted then fumed. She was going to skin Chaiko alive, she promised herself, for putting her through so much worry. But then she quickly reminded herself that well brought up women of good breeding did not allow themselves such liberties. Harmony! Harmony! she commanded herself. To her credit, she appeared calm and composed on the surface, so that others took heart from her courage.
Dawn sat by the fire in front of the cave on a luxurious spread of furs she shared with Tanya, as they sunned themselves with their children. Yael was now over a year and a half old, still chubby with baby fat, but from day to day he grew more adventurous, covering ground quickly. He kept Dawn busy snatching him from all kinds of danger. He was attracted by the fire like a moth to a flame, so she had to be constantly on guard. She just finished fishing a biggish piece of charcoal from his mouth and now he was getting into the baby’s space. Tanya fended him off gently. Suddenly a loud shriek sounded above them. Shocked, the two women looked up to see an eagle circling right above them. The wings flared and the large bird circled lower, again uttering a piercing cry. The hair rose on the back of their necks at the shrill sound. Tanya threw herself across her baby, crying in panic, “It wants the baby!” The bird flared, side slipped and banked then with a few wing beats was off to the southwest. Dawn looked with large eyes after the bird. “What a strange thing for it to do,” she thought to herself. Then as she watched, the bird almost somersaulted in the air and was heading straight back for them again. A fierce cry, sharp like a whistle broke above them. Tanya screamed in response and covered the baby with her body again. Baer was running from the cave. He was soon upon them but could find no threatening danger anywhere.
“The eagle wants to snatch our babies!” Tanya cried out still badly frightened.
Dawn who had been watching the bird head to the southwest, saw it turn again. “It is coming back. For the third time coming back,” she mumbled and her hands started trembling. Suddenly a song of her people popped into her mind and her breath quickened.
		“Eagle, eagle you roam the skies
		 From so clear on high
		 Can you see my love?
		 Tell her I am on my way
		 Tell her, do not fear
		 For I will soon be there ...”

Hundreds of times she had sung that song to Chaiko. A hundred times. Then her hands were in front of her mouth, and she was pleading with the bird. “If he is all right, fly away high. If he is dead fly low.” More and more loudly she repeated her plea, willing the bird to choose. Both Baer and Tanya were beside her, looking astonished at her and at the bird approaching again. Tanya picked up the baby and clutched the little thing tightly to her. The eagle swooped then turned above them, once, twice then headed to the southwest. For a few wing beats it maintained an even level. “Please, please,” Dawn pleaded. The bird again lifted its wings and climbed into the sky, higher and higher still, until it was just a dot in the distance.
Dawn was beside herself. She grabbed Tanya and with her voice cracking with hysterical emotion she said, “Look, it is climbing even higher.” And as she pointed, her arms and fingers trembled.
“There, there child. Everything is going to be all right,” Tanya sought to calm her friend.
Dawn turned to her, and through tear-blinded eyes said simply, “Yes, I know.” She did not know how, but all the same she knew.

******
Three days later, before dawn had a chance to establish its light in the world, five shadows worked their way up cave hill. They had risen in darkness and pushed ahead to arrive before the clan could wake and start another day of worry over their missing numbers.
They dropped gratefully around the guard fire for the shaman had pushed them hard, driven to see his mate and child. He now left the four, and threading carefully he wove through the sleeping places. Finding his hearth in the dim interior, he lay down beside Dawn and slipped under the covers. She muttered something incomprehensible, and snuggled up to him. Then her eyes flew wide open as she remembered that he was not yet back. It was still dark, but when she could see a little, there he was, a familiar shadow. She could not see his grin but she could feel it. She cried out in surprise, a cry that echoed through the cave ripping people out of their sleep. Baer bounced up, grabbed a spear and called to Tusk and Cosh. Both immediately were beside him, looking for the source of the threat, any threat.
“It is all right brother, it’s only me,” Chaiko said, smiling disarmingly.
“You?!” Then Baer rushed up to him and peering at him closely, asked most uncharacteristically, “You are not a spirit, are you?”
“No. I am real. All flesh and blood and just a little wood,” Chaiko quipped, tapping on his wooden leg. In later years Baer always recounted that moment by saying, “And then I knew it was no spirit, for a spirit could have a leg, or could have no leg, but it wouldn’t have one made of wood.”
Thereafter, general pandemonium broke out. Everybody pressed in wanting to know everything at once. Poor Ruba was torn between having to relieve a full morning bladder and not wanting to miss anything. He made it to the cave entrance then had to run back to check what he was missing.
Chaiko was laughing delightedly, holding onto his son. Dawn experienced a mixture of emotions; on the one hand great relief washed through her to have her man back, on the other, for the first time in their joint lives she wanted to beat him. So some of her gestures were confusing. A caress would suddenly turn into a painful pinch as the emotions crisscrossed inside her. Chaiko had been a shaman and a mate long enough to understand her feelings. He grabbed her up and swung her lithe body easily off the ground, pirouetting neatly around his wooden leg. Her breath was taken away; he had never done that to her before.
Then there were introductions to be performed. “Let me present to you Tara, daughter of an important Tolmec in the direct service of Toemain himself. She is a warrior-girl and is the intended of Chandar. They were already joined in a Tolmec ceremony and now await only the blessings of the Standing-Rock Clan whose shelter and protection they claim. Beside them stands Cora, sister of Tara, and a jewel of delight. I have promised her a home among us. So bid them all welcome,” Chaiko pronounced with a grand flourish. The protocol in these circumstances called for the clan to be introduced according to rank, but it was too early in the morning to bother with protocol and the newcomers were surrounded and besieged with happy questions. Poor Ruba just could not get away, and when he finally did, he only made it halfway to the trees before it exploded out of him.
The men congratulated Chandar on making such a fine catch. The women drew the new girls off and smiled at them, for they could not understand clan language and the rest could not understand Tolmec. Food was quickly offered and the morning turned into a feast.
Tara found it hard to smile and already what little she managed was hurting her face. She was a warrior-girl. Hope they do not expect me to cook, she thought with some dread for the first time. On the journey, Ushi had done all the cooking, as long traveling had taught him to be innovative. His motto was: “Cook what you can find, season it with a little appetite and plenty of imagination.” By some magic his recipes always seemed tasty. Most of his meals started with, “That reminds me of a time among some strange people when...” So if the taste proved insipid, the garnish was not.
Cora looked with wide eyes at the size of the cave and asked her sister, “We have to sleep all together in one big cave? There are no walls to separate people? And not even a curtain to the outside. It is like sleeping under the open skies. I don’t think I can sleep like that!” Her sister reminded her that she had slept under the skies for the past five days. Cora had an answer to that, “But that was while we were traveling. How do they expect us to live like this every day and night, always in the open?”
“Ask their shaman,” Tara retorted knowing full well that Cora had grown very fond of the shaman on this trip. The young girl, for some reason, took great pride that she had been bought by him. Perhaps it gave her a sense of belonging.

Chapter 6
In the next few days there was a lot of catching up to do. The whole mood of the cave was suddenly raised to a feverish curiosity. How was it, everybody wanted to know. Dawn was more interested in why they had stayed for so long. Chaiko explained the situation in which they had found themselves, how Chandar had become injured rescuing the girl and how they had to wait for him to recover. It took a bit of explanation to mollify her, as she had so stored up all her worries that she could release them only a bit at the time. However, it was not in her nature to hold grudges; as well she was mightily relieved to have him back safely. Chaiko remained patient, suspecting what she was going through, but he did not patronize her.
Baer was very inquisitive. First and foremost he wanted to know how much of a danger the Tolmecs still represented to the clan. Chaiko thought it over for a while and responded somewhat vaguely, “I think it will never be wise to ignore the current leadership. They are a hardened lot and there is little hope of change for them. The present Toemain is well disposed toward us but we should not assume that it will always be the case. Something could happen, he could die and be replaced or have a change of heart. The rank and file of people we have seen are desirous of change and have started to respond, but it would not be wise to relax our vigilance. Things are good now, but could turn as fast the other way.” Baer nodded; it was not what he had hoped to hear, though well in line with what he expected. “We shall keep watch,” was all he said.
“You bet we will,” seconded Tusk who was still not reconciled to their presence so close to the clan. “They are a shifty lot, hiding behind their painted faces, hiding from the spirits of their enemies. Well here is one person they cannot hide from,” he proclaimed, striking his chest resoundingly.
Cosh wanted to know more about them as people. He had seen their tracks and noted a few of their curious ways. Chaiko explained, “The men rule their women but they are ruled in turn by their leaders according to strict protocols. The leaders themselves are so warped by rising through the ranks that they can do little else than follow the one above them, right up to Toemain himself. They are rigid, ambitious and have a very loose sense of loyalty to each other. They bicker among themselves and respect only power, the more cruelly applied the better. They make poor models for the rest of them to follow. And though they issue orders which they ruthlessly enforce, they are no leaders at all, and have not one creative idea of their own, no vision for their people. No wonder Latto was so beloved because he clearly represented something different. And he gave them hope.”
“Do they love you then, being of Latto yourself?” Baer asked, grappling with the issue of Tolmec succession.
“Not for myself perhaps, but yes they reach out to me for Latto. They are quite willing to accept that I am Latto, only disguised. They are certainly more ready than I am.” Chaiko chuckled and looked at Ushi, who regarded him suspiciously every time possession by the former Spirit-Guide came up. “I am me, only me, not Latto.”
“And you all speak their language now?” Cosh marvelled at such a feat.
“Yes, we had nothing much else to do but watch and listen and we did plenty of both.” But when Cosh looked only half convinced, he added, “We did not hunt, we did not collect firewood, we made nothing with our hands. Just like their leaders we sat around all day and talked.”
“And the women?” Cosh asked, curious.
“You had best ask Ushi that.” Chaiko guffawed. “He has all the experience...”
“Well they are exactly like our women; all the swellings, all the curves and all the soft spots are in the right places, no more no less. And as you can see from the two girls we brought back, they look just like us. But...” and he paused, searching for the right expression.
“But what?” Cosh prompted the trader when his eyes got lost in some reverie.
“Well they are mostly subservient creatures, and the men care nothing for women’s pleasure, so when one got hold of me, she took pleasure from me, insistently, and mercilessly. She clawed, bucked and bit. She very nearly broke my bones. Three times she destroyed her hut by thrashing so much about.”
“What is a hut?” asked Tusk, the only thing in the conversation that seemed to have touched him.
When a lull developed in the conversation, Chaiko said unexpectedly, “We owe the Tolmecs fifteen bison robes of quality.”
The others turned on him in surprise. “We do?” was all Bear could think to say.
“For what?” It was Tusk who jumped indignantly on the suggestion; the idea that they would owe anything to anybody other than clan rankled him.
“It cost fifteen pelts to buy Tara and Cora from them.”
This news left them speechless. The idea that you could buy and sell people like spearheads, or a rare weave of fabric, was totally foreign to them. “They sell people?” Cosh inquired finally, unable to find room in his philosophy of life for such a bizarre consideration.
“Only in a manner of speaking. In mating rites it is customary to pay the parents for the woman to compensate them for the loss of their daughter, since she moves on to her mate’s family. It is a way of balancing value, value of goods given in return for the loss of her future help, which her new family gains.” Chaiko tried to explain the interrelation. But they all shook their heads and muttered, “People should not be bought and sold at all.”
Chaiko found himself in the strange position of defending the Tolmecs or at least his purchase of the girls. “It was the only way to liberate the girls short of stealing them. Besides, we do it sometimes ourselves, when the clan needs women from other clans: do we not give presents to their parents to lessen their loss?”
“But gifts are clearly different,” Cosh said for he had acquired Ile just that way and so had Baer secured Tanya. Each had given valuable gifts, Baer, a fine spear with a flint head, two bison pelts, and about five lesser skins. Cosh had given a stone axe, numerous cutting blades made by a younger Kor, some well-made water bags, a large sack of dried herbs, and a goodly chunk of salt. “But those were clearly gifts of appreciation, not a price,” Cosh reiterated, shaking his head, scandalised at the barbarous behaviour of the Tolmecs.
“Yes, they make it into a bit of a business,” admitted Chaiko, “and even have specialised people who set the appropriate price. And there is a lot of haggling going on, pushing the price this way and that.” The others shook their heads; it seemed the more they learned of the world beyond the clans the less they liked the sound of it.
The women were also very curious about their newest members and tried hard to communicate, but not sharing a common language they did not get very far. Both girls had learned a few words on their journey, but not enough to make conversation. Dawn had the most success in making contact with them. She picked up an item, showed it to Tara, carefully pronounced its name and listened to her repeat it back. She smiled encouragingly at the girl, but Tara merely blinked. They were about the same age, Dawn realised. After only about a handful of items Dawn noticed a few peculiarities about the girl beyond those suggested by her bearing and dress. She was interested more in men things: her face lit up with interest when a spear was shown to her, and changed back to a flat expression when different qualities of furs were shown, or herbs. “Warrior-girl,” Chaiko had said and here was proof of that.

Lana and Ido took Cora under their wings and the three were soon at ease with each other. Lana and Ido quickly forgot her origins, forgot she was Tolmec, the same that had abducted them last year. Soon they were examining Lana’s collection of stones. Cora was enthralled by the sparkles and the sheen that played off the smooth surfaces. Then she picked up a flat stone with something curiously embedded in it. Obviously the girl wanted to know what it was. “That,” said Lana, “was bait.” Cora did not understand because she did not speak the language but Ido did not either. “Bait?” she asked blankly.
“Yes, bait Crow used to snare me.” Lana got a dreamy look on her face which Ido well recognised, “Oh.”
“Suska a mao?” Cora asked. The other two could hear the question but could attach little meaning to it. They shrugged their shoulders regretfully and shook their heads.
Cora tried again, speaking much slower and louder, “Sus-ka a mao?”
But again Lana and Ido had to shake their heads. “E toe?” Cora’s eyes narrowed as she thought hard; how was she going to live among these people if they could not understand even a simple question? Not for the first time that day, she wished she was home again. But then she remembered that they had been sold and henceforth this was to be their home. Her eyes wandered over the cave, searching for a solution, and fell upon Ushi who was again holding forth with a lecture on the odd habits of the Tolmecs. Rea nodded enthusiastically, endorsing his every word. Yes, he had known right off that those people were odd. The little girl slipped up to the trader, plucking at his skin to get his attention. The trader finally noticed her so that she could finally say, “Tamoi ehuru jyet.”
“She wants me to come with her now,” Ushi explained to the others. Rea had to nod again to confirm that these were indeed peculiar people that spoke such gibberish and claimed to understand one another. It was great that the clan did not have such language problems. All the clans understood each other.
Cora dragged Ushi over to Lana and Ido. He translated from her prompting, “How did you catch the creature in the stone?” not understanding what she meant. Neither did the girls at first, then Lana exclaimed, “Oh, she means the creature-skeleton in the stone! Tell her we did not catch it, it was Crow that found it, and it was in the stone already. We do not know how it got there.” Ushi translated, his eyes glowing with interest. All four of them then bent over the stone looking at the delicate lines, wondering how something so fragile could have survived intact.

Chandar related his adventures to Makar and Ido. Soon Stow joined them with Ulla and shortly after, Gill came with Ela. The various groups formed audiences to get at different corners of the story. Chandar was most interested in talking about Tara. He praised her courage and skill with the fighting staff. “You should have seen it, she hit me such a cunning blow to the side of my head that my ears rang for days and she loosened one of my teeth. No matter how hard I tried to hit her, and I did try, I could not land one of my blows.” The story teller rubbed his cheek in remembrance. The tooth was still somewhat loose.
“What happened then?” Makar wanted to know.
“She finally got tired, after beating me black and blue, and the fight kind of just ended there. I did not win, but I did not lose either.”
“Are all Tolmec women fighters like her?” Ido wondered.
“No. Oh no. Only Tara.” Pride shone in his voice.
“And you got joined to the only woman in the whole place who could beat you?” Makar asked, incredulously. “And then you brought her home?”
“I admit it does sound a little strange when you put it like that. But she has courage and believes ...” He paused searching for the right expression that would enlighten them. “She has integrity.”
“Integrity is a fine quality,” Makar nodded approvingly.
“Very fine indeed if one only knew what it was,” Ido commented dryly.
“Integrity is being true to what one believes, and to what one is,” her mate was quick to supply.
“Is she a good cook?” Ulla wanted to know.
“Good question Ulla,” Ido joined in. “Then she would be perfect. She could clean the cave, cook your food and defend it all at the same time.”
“She is a warrior-girl,” Chandar threw in a little defensively.
“Warrior-girl?” Stow broke in for the first time. “I have not heard of them.”
“A warrior-girl is not a man ... but she is not just a woman either,” Chandar said, trying to clarify this elusive title.
“Humm. Sounds like a perfect mate,” Ido said just a little resentfully. She remembered when not too long ago, Chandar had been paying suit to Lana and ignoring the tender girl that Ido had been then. But then she remembered how much he, Crow and Makar, had risked to rescue them, and her heart softened. “She looks like a very, very ... interesting girl.”
“May you be most happy together,” Makar interjected quickly to cover for the shortness of the compliment from his mate.
“Yes, congratulations you lucky dog,” Stow joined in and they all clucked their tongues in appreciation.

Only Kor and Calla seemed untouched by the general upheaval in the normal routines. The old man sat by his fire, even in the pleasant warmth of midsummer, feeling cold. Calla was puttering about, pulling things from one sack and putting them into another.
“Why is everybody running about and yelling so?” Kor wanted to know irritably.
“Chaiko came back,” Calla shouted at him.
“Chaiko the cripple?” he asked somewhat confused. He could not understand where the cripple had disappeared to lately, not having seen him limping about for some time now.
“No! Chaiko the shaman.”
“I did not know he had been away. Why is it nobody tells me anything?” he grumbled then slowly sank back into himself. Calla looked at him with some irritation of her own, but merely shook her head.

Emma was bustling about, cooking some moose meat that had been brought in only yesterday. Happy to have an occasion to make an extra effort, she hummed to herself, busy tending the fire, spitting large portions of the meat and making sure it roasted evenly. Her back and hip ached, but she was in much too good a mood to let it slow her down. What an occasion this was! Not only was the shaman all right, healthy as rain, but Chandar was joined and mated to such a lovely, lively girl. And they had added two new members to their little clan. Yes, this was certainly an event to celebrate.
Nebu helped with the cooking. Ever since her mate’s death last winter, she had become even more quiet. Her face showed no emotion, even when her children Ruba and Ork got into some trouble or tried to interest her in something. She hid behind a frozen face making it impossible to tell what she was feeling. The women tried to penetrate her isolation, but she did not respond to any of their efforts. Her motions slowed down, she became even more deliberate. The joy must have gone out of her life, people thought, but she gave no outward indication of what was happening inside. She kept her eyes averted, even when people called out to her. Emma, who had been alone for a long time took her under her wing and ignoring the woman’s sensibilities, made her work and help with the food preparations. Calla felt sorry for her, and took some pains to reach out to her. All her attempts were not actively refused or resisted; Nebu just allowed everything to pass her by. When people advised her to do something, she did; when they told her not to, she didn’t. It seemed that the only comfort she found was in the company of Dawn, for the shaman’s mate never tried to penetrate the woman’s sorrow. When Nebu shyly came by, Dawn smiled, invited her to sit, then went on with what she was doing. It was as if in her presence Nebu had found a quiet acceptance, free of sympathetic looks, free of the outpouring of helpful advice and suggestions. Dawn did nothing, sensing that the woman was for the present unapproachable and the harder people tried to help, the more she retreated.
Chaiko quickly adapted to her repeated presence by their fire, thinking it was a woman-thing for Dawn to deal with; besides the woman had approached Dawn, not him. He knew that you cannot help people until they were ready to accept help. He was deeply sorry, and hurt, to have lost Malek. The painter was a kindred spirit, the only one in the clan who could sense beyond the physical facade of things. The shaman would sometimes go to the back wall with torch in hand to peruse the paintings there, Malek’s handiwork, through which the painter was still able to talk to him. He sat long hours there, thinking how advantageous it would be if he could leave a similar record of his thoughts, to reach beyond his time. But how? Pictures of animals had a limited way of communicating ideas, but unlike words, did not have to be translated. Malek had known more about these things than anybody and had struggled all his life to express them. It had been tragic to lose Malek, for so many reasons. But he died well, if there was comfort in that; he had died unselfishly saving another. They were both going to die, Malek had calculated, and as his last act, chose to save Stow. “Brother, I hope you knew what a great thing you did,” Chaiko projected a thought into the spirit world. “You saved Stow. Help me, answer me now if you can.” He gazed into the paintings hoping to find the spirit of the painter. Then he listened into the silence, trying to hear what the silence would tell him. Again nothing. His heart going out to Nebu, he promised Malek, “We owe you a debt and we shall repay it, to your mate and your sons.” But for now it was Dawn’s calling. He watched his mate to see how she would unravel this puzzle of hurt and sorrow. Women were better at that, anyway, much better at healing and consoling.
Dawn thought about Nebu a lot. Though the woman uttered not one complaint, in her sleep the conflict rose to the surface. She tossed and turned, and uttered small piercing cries that went out into the darkness and saddened everybody who was yet awake to hear them. Yes, the shaman’s wife was determined to solve it. She did not yet know how, but made a daily effort. She realised that the woman was drifting along on her routines but the roots of her existence had been severed and her soul was adrift. If Nebu was being swept up in this tragic turbulence in the river of life, she had to throw her something to hold onto and stay afloat. Thus it came about that when Nebu was near, Dawn began to tell small stories of her own childhood, hoping that these recollections would draw the woman into Dawn’s life a little at a time, giving her a sense of reality she sadly lacked at the present. Dawn kept doing so, even when there was no evidence of any effect. Chaiko listened quietly along, and he too learned about his mate’s life. Seemingly pointless stories, but he had come to look forward to them.
“Lily was in my mother’s line. She was a beautiful girl in all respects, willowy of figure, beautiful hair, eyes clear blue like water, skin fair, smooth, generous lips and a smile to warm anybody looking at her. The only thing to mar this perfect composition was a large birthmark that surrounded her left eye and a bit of her cheeks. It was only a discoloration of skin but it was enough to make her look odd to the rest of us. She was much older than me. One time I was talking to her and I blurted out how sorry I was about that mark. She looked at me and laughed. That mark, she said, was given to me to remind me forever how lucky I was to be given everything else. Then she told me that it was really a blessing for none of the girls felt jealous of her and her mate would have to look behind that mark to find her, choosing her for herself. I often think of her and wonder if she found the right mate ...” Chaiko wanted to meet Lily, to him she sounded like a very wise woman.
The only person who did not respect Nebu’s distance was Yael. He would crawl onto her lap, play with her hair and even try nursing at her breast. He felt comfortable in her embrace and would fall asleep on occasions. At these times, Nebu’s eyes would reflect something, maybe a spark of tenderness, instead of the customary emptiness. Yael would sometimes reach for her face with the total self-absorption of a child, and caress her cheeks in exploration. One time, Nebu cried at his touch, big silent tears, and both Chaiko and Dawn looked away to give her privacy for her pain.

Nearby, Tanya sat quietly, nursing the baby. He was sucking vigorously at her breast and had already learned that when the milk slowed down it was time to look for the other breast—the one that was still full. And when that was empty too, then look for the next. Tanya smiled, it is all right my little sunshine, you will soon learn to count to two at least. She had withdrawn to this quieter part of the cave when she noted that the general commotion was making him anxious and restless. Finally, with a wet noise, the nipple popped out of his mouth and he fell asleep. Tanya reminded herself to mention to Chaiko that the baby needed a name. She wondered how she would manage not to have him named Boar as her mate wished. A big smelly boar, no, no, not her baby. Perhaps Otter would be nice, swift and playful all the time. An otter had a sense of humor, a boar had none. It was enough that she was already living with a bear, she did not want to raise a boar.
Kray was having difficulty ordering his emotions. Mounting anxiety over the prolonged absence of Chaiko and his companions followed by the sudden flush of celebration at their return, caused a confusing muddle of feelings, much like a swirl of current that stirred up the muddy river bottom. The last time he had felt this intensity was after Malek’s death. He did the only thing he could when emotions overwhelmed him: he worked harder, shaping wood, solving manageable, small problems of his craft. The concentration and the steady motion required of his work were comforting. He had become expert at making Falcons, and now there were more than enough for everybody in the clan and then some. Lately he had started making spears and digging sticks again. The latter were suddenly in much demand for the roots were ripening and the garden was growing, absorbing the daily efforts of the women. He watched them work and tried the motion himself: lift the stick, stab it into the ground then leverage a clod of soil into a loose clump. He improvised a new tool; a stick made from a forked branch, which freed much more of the soil. It worked well, but only Dawn and Ido seemed comfortable with the improved designs. The others preferred the familiar up and down motion still. Kray was soon immersed in his work, oblivious again to the world around him with all its problems.
Kray’s mate Yaya, on the other hand, thrived on the emotions that swirled about her. The welling up of feelings made her feel so much more alive. She would jump into any emotional vortex with enthusiasm, whether it was sad, or, like this time, joyous. All of her thoughts revolved around the central core of excitement. She talked with everybody, tried to stir some enthusiasm into Ulla’s sluggish responses, and tried to get Kray to pull his head out of the sand, to no avail. She could always talk with Calla, who also enjoyed emoting, though she tended to be somewhat judgmental in her views. Yaya missed Nebu, who had retreated with her sorrow into an inner space. This scared Yaya as it reminded her a little too much of how Sosa disappeared inside himself. She was worried that there was apparently such a huge place inside a person to get lost in. Personally, she had never experienced such a hole within herself.
The look of Tara excited her. The Tolmec girl was so different in her bearing, straight and almost disdainful, her motions directed and purposeful. There was little softness in that girl, which Yaya admired, being somewhat soft and indolent herself. She shuddered with repressed delight at imagining herself being that bold, even to the men. She made careful note of the shorter hair style that Tara wore, and wondered how she herself would look. But her face was round and soft, better framed with her gentle, loose curls, with none of the precise angularity of the new girl. Yaya had made some seed cakes which were almost instantly gone, the boys having snatched more than their share of them. She watched carefully as Tara tasted her creation but could not discern any change in the girl’s expression. For some reason she was disappointed, but then enjoyed even that feeling.
Ruba had been instantaneously transformed by the arrival of the two girls. In one, two, three heartbeats, he instantly recognized his future and took possession of Cora… in his mind at least. They were about the same age, he guessed, though she was much smaller than he, being a girl. He first saw her in the morning, by noon he was deeply in love, by evening he was pining away for her. He convinced himself that if she could only “see” him, she would instantly recognize his superior qualities. So he placed himself within easy reach of her view. But the girl was busy trying to cope with the strangeness of her new environment and saw only a blur of faces. Ruba was disappointed, and by some instinct knew that he had better not rush things with her. So, uncharacteristically, he held back.
It had been a tough start to the new year for Ruba. The death of his father Malek had seemed not to have touched him at first; he never could connect to the deep thinking, searching man he called father. He enjoyed the outpouring of sympathy people suddenly lavished upon the poor orphans. But as the days passed, his father haunted his thoughts more and more. He was surprised how much everybody had liked his father and about the sadness that his death had caused. To Ruba, his father had been a little man, painfully short of stature, quiet and unapproachable, spending a great deal of time working on his paintings or just thinking about them. He would smile at Ruba from time to time but Ruba had found it hard to smile in return. Now his father was gone and Ruba was the male about the hearth. Then when his mother Nebu retreated, he found the whole very confusing. It felt as if suddenly he had lost both parents and the thought of being so alone scared him. “I don’t care. I don’t care,” he told himself, erecting a protective barrier around himself. The trouble was that there was nobody he could talk with. He thought at times about talking with Chaiko, who had never talked down to him, but he was afraid that the Master of Magic would see all his other thoughts and guilty secrets. Cosh took him hunting to teach him the art of tracking and other lore, but the taciturn man had little sensitivity for any feelings. So the arrival of the new girls was most welcome, to save him from a growing desperation inside, though in short order, it would cast him into a new and even more intense despair. Life had its moments of joy and pain, but the pain lingered longer.
To Ork and Sosa, the new girls were mere curiosities, like a new insect or bird that fell within their reach. “Did you see how short Tara’s hair is? Shorter than mine. And did you hear the gibberish the two of them talk together?” Ork delighted in the strangeness of the new arrivals. But both boys had lost much of their former exuberance. Sosa, after his return, was never as carefree as before and Ork quieted down after the death of his father. It was lucky that Yaya took Ork under her wing and mothered him when Nebu faded back into herself. But the boys had grown even closer together, each appreciating the other more because of the losses they each suffered. Ork nearly lost Sosa, and Sosa lost his father. Now they walked boldly over to Cora and insolently examined her from head to foot, as if she were a strange new specimen invented just for their amusement.
“What’s your name?” Ork asked looking at the girl.
Cora did not understand; she regarded the two boys suspiciously but remained silent.
“Maybe she does not have a name,” Sosa suggested playfully.
“Maybe she is ... limited,” Ork added and the boys flashed each other quick looks.
“Watch out Ork she wants to kiss you!” Sosa quipped in mock alarm and Ork playacted being horrified.
“Don’t let her get you,” Ork smirked, “or you will have to hide inside yourself again.”
“She will make you get her flowers,” Sosa threw back. Once he did that for Ido, quite gladly in fact, but afterwards he felt as if he’d been maneuvered into the gesture.
“Oh no! Not flowers ..!” Ork protested.
Cora, turning from one to the other, reading their expressions, realized that they were making fun of her. Suddenly she thrust her face forward, hissed loudly at them and made clawing motions with her hands. Both boys recoiled, intimidated by the loud hissing. They were shocked that a girl would be so ungirl-like. But Cora had grown up in a harsh land with strict codes of subservience, which in the absence of the same, she was shedding rapidly. No boys, with mother’s milk still on their chins, were going tease her! She had been rebellious all her life and now she was going to show it. Besides, she was going to grow into a warrior-girl just like her sister.
However, the boys discovered her readiness to take part in their adventures. They enjoyed her reactions which made old things new again. They arranged a battle of red ants against the black ants and watched her to see how she would respond. Cora became very quiet at the ferocity of the red ants. “Tolmec,” she said pointing to the red ants who were clearly gaining the upper hand. The boys looked at each other; the implication was that the losing black ants were the clan.
“No, no. Clan!” Ork claimed the red ants.
“Red,” she said, “like Tolmecs.” The boys could not argue with that, knowing how the Tolmecs painted themselves red for battle.
Cora scooped up some sand and scattered it over the combatants. The battle paused as both sides scrambled to dig themselves free. Afterwards, with single-minded purpose the red ants resumed the battle. “Tolmecs,” she said again knowingly. This time the boys did not contradict her.
So it was that the shaman of the Standing-Rock Clan returned, bringing two new arrivals into camp. For the first time in moons, there was a sense of peace and contentment around the cave, nestled comfortably in the mildness of midsummer.
******
One morning Chaiko awoke with a pressing need to start on the journey to the People-of-the-Elk. His last thought the night before had been how a simple side trip to the Tolmecs had stretched for a considerably longer time than he had intended. What then of the more elaborate expedition to the north-west to find the people of his mate? Dawn had completed her preparations and there was a large pile of gifts and supplies to be transported. How many people would be needed to carry all that?
It was midsummer already, and as he calculated, half a moon there and a half moon back left little time for delaying their trip any longer. He was, however, somewhat frustrated by the logistics of the trip. The People-of-the Elk spent the summer in the north, following the migrating herds, returning only in the later part of the summer to their wintering grounds.
He knew Dawn was ready but he had to think what he, as shaman, needed to do for the clan. They had successfully hunted and celebrated the feast of First-Fires without him. He found this fact both disquieting and reassuring; reassuring in that they were not so dependent on him as to be paralyzed into inaction, disquieting in that his office could be so easily dispensed with. Of course all of them had hurried to tell him how difficult his absence had been, how vulnerable they had felt at the mercies of the spirit world.
But officially there was nothing much to tie him down. There was, of course, the naming of Tanya’s new baby. It was the shaman’s responsibility to find the right name for every person born, though parents tended to let their preferences be known. Already Chaiko had felt subtle pressure from the parents in this case. Baer had already filled the shaman’s ears with reminiscences of their distant relative Boar, now dead, who had brought so much credit to the family line, and would it not be nice to keep his name alive? Baer praised him: a man of stature in his clan, full of courage and determination whose name had served him well. It was certainly a powerful name Chaiko had to agree. He then remembered the warthog that nearly killed him and marked him with a scar, and he shuddered but not so Baer could see it.
Soon after, Chaiko, Dawn and Yael were indulging themselves by the fire. Chaiko played with his son, who was happily pushing at him and chortling with amusement. Chaiko pretended to snap at him and blew noisily into his face causing Yael to scream in delight. Tanya came over with her son in her arms and showed him off to Dawn.
“Look how much he has already grown. He will be tall like his father and strong,” Tanya said proudly. “Look how he can already hang onto me,” and she lifted him off the ground just by the tight hold he had on her fingers. “And look how agile and quick he is. I would name him Otter, for he has a very playful disposition.” The purpose of the visit became very clear to the shaman. The two women went on like that for a good length of time praising their sons and their dispositions. Chaiko could tell that his mate was quietly championing her friend’s lobbying. He knew, as well, that she was still not entirely reconciled with the name Yael for their son. She did not, of course, know of the connection that led back to Latto, the Spirit-Guide. He himself had only become aware of its significance last year when that link between the past and the present resurfaced. To Chaiko it served to confirm the power that was in the name.
It was not long till the circle widened. Ido came to relate a story how a relative of hers was stigmatised for her entire life because she was named Crow-Foot by the shaman. She felt ugly, dark and without confidence, just because of the perception her name stamped onto her. She was plain, stuttered and generally tongue-tied, all signs that were interpreted as a curse that the name had brought on her. “Yes, the shame is real,” Ido said loudly enough for Chaiko and half the cave to hear. “She was such a nice girl, otherwise.” Later that day, Dawn quietly happened to recall to him in passing that conversation and a few others, and in her roundabout way cast her preference for Otter.
Cosh came to see Chaiko to stress the importance of manly qualities, and how important they were. “A name needs to evoke respect, call forth strength both inside and outside,” he said then went on to extol the virtues of such a noble beast as a boar.
There in a nutshell was the conflict defined. The beast versus animal. Male versus female. Everybody had an opinion on the matter and one way or other each made sure that Chaiko got to hear it. Calla came to the point outright. “The boar is a boorish beast, no manners, no finesse and besides, it smells! Surely you will not make a boar out of such a playful and engaging child...”
When Lana came, Chaiko was disappointed. She too? But she looked at him with her luminous eyes and declared confidently, “You will give a name to my little brother and make him a person in his own right. We still do not know what to call him, so I ask you to hurry in naming him so he doesn’t grow into a malcontent, or be filled with impatience for the rest of his life.” But she did not suggest or even imply a name.
Even Ido, who had not entirely lost her awe of him, was bold enough to say to his face, “Otter is a superior name. Much better than some pig rutting in mud with its snout full of dirt,” surprisingly strong words from a girl who tended to be so shy around the shaman. Of all the men, only Makar sided with the women. Perhaps the poetic implication of the name swayed him, or perhaps it was his love for Ido.
Chandar, preoccupied with his new mate, kept pressing the shaman to join them in the tradition of the clan so he and she could truly be one. Chaiko sympathised with him but said he had to heal this unexpected rift growing in the clan. As soon as that was done, a ceremony would be arranged.
He sat apart and thought. He himself had not been satisfied with his name and questioned the wisdom of its choice. Chaiko meant snail, or the contentment that the snail represented. On the physical level, a snail was singularly unattractive, hardly inspiring as it slithered along on its coating of secretion. And Chaiko had never felt the contentment it implied, that is, not until he met Dawn, he corrected.
He thought how a name had power, that could add to or detract from a person’s abilities. He did not question the importance and the spiritual consequences of a name; he was fully convinced of it. Even naming an object or a tool affected its properties or at the very least how it was perceived. For example, the word spear in clan language had the connotations of power, accuracy and integrity. The same was not the case for a digging stick, which had no personality at all. In Tolmec, spear had even more status, and was imbued with a sense of reverence. Digging-stick did not even have its own unique word; it was below recognition, just generally labelled as an implement. Let the women struggle to keep their implements straight. Yes, Chaiko thought, words often define how we see the world around us, sometimes enlarging, sometimes detracting from the object of its reference. And that was not even considering the hidden spiritual implications.
Because Chaiko was so unsure how to evaluate the spiritual significance, the resulting indecision paralyzed him. At the same time, it increased his sense of responsibility and of the consequences of perhaps harming the child’s future. The longer this lasted the more the pressure of the various groups impacted on him.
Finally, when he had had enough, he called the parents before him, and cloaked in his feather cape, his chosen badge of office, warned them sternly. “It is my responsibility to choose a name for your son and it is within my power do so.” He knitted his brows and looked fiercely at both parent. “I look at this child whom you would have me name, and see only two parents fighting. Perhaps I shall call him Haloran, Snake-Eyes for he must surely be cross-eyed looking at his parents! Or Shemeset, Jumping-Frog, for he must surely need to jump from one parent to the other to find some favor!”
The parents recoiled in horror at these suggestions.
“No, by all means name him Otter!” Baer pressed, wondering how it came about that he was defending himself in front of his younger brother.
“No! No! Call him Boar, please!” pleaded Tanya.
Chaiko looked from one to the other, then closed his eyes to concentrate. People who had mysteriously collected in the background held their breath; which side would win? Chaiko finally opened his eyes which reflected the clear light of decision. He looked about, put his hand on the child’s head and said in a loud shamanic voice: “Receive your name child, for today I name you and henceforth you will be known by that name.” He paused and the world paused with him. “I name you Csamatar, High-Eagle.” A murmur ran through the crowd; a strong name.
“Eagle, so that you may be powerful, brave and just. An Eagle that your imagination can soar to give you wings of hope. And High that you may see far and have a vision for your people.” He then took his hands from the boy and addressed the whole of the assembled cave. “You may call him Csamatar, or simply Csama until he is of age. Mark the name well, for it was given to you to use, a name he now owns.”
Tanya clasped her baby to her bosom, and much relieved, whispered to him tenderly, “Csama, my little Csama,” instantly liking the name, certainly much, much better than Boar.
Baer was pleased too, a strong and noble name, and he smiled with pride. Was there anything more fierce than an eagle?
Everyone tasted the name on their tongue and nodded satisfied. “Csamatar, Csama ... High-Eagle.”
Back at his hearth, Chaiko found his mate pensive. She seemed preoccupied with something. Before settling down, she looked at him, the embers of the fire reflecting in her eyes. “You know that my father is named Eagle-on-High, and sometimes among the family we call him High-Eagle...” There was longing in her voice that filled Chaiko with sadness that he hadn’t proposed the trip sooner.
“I wasn’t thinking of your father when I named Csama. I chose High-Eagle because it seemed appropriate and likely to please both parents. I couldn’t have one or the other resenting the name, now could I?”
“No, of course not. But it made me think of my family and how much it hurts to be so far from them.”
“That’s why we are going so you can see them and they can rejoice that you’re alive and well.” Her face showed a conflict of emotions that caused him to ask, “You are well, aren’t you?”
“Yes, yes. What more could I ask for? An eminent mate and a wonderful son.” She paused and looked into the fire. “It’s just that...” She didn’t finish, but he knew—her family.
It was much later the next day that Rea dared to voice the opinion that High-Eagle was much too lofty a name and rather pretentious to give to a pudgy little boy who didn’t know how to control his bladder yet.
Stow, on the other hand, claimed, “Csamatar is just the name I would have chosen for the boy myself; I was thinking just this morning about it.” Ulla rewarded him with a warm smile. Did that not prove that her mate was as wise as the shaman?
People agreed it was a strong name that was full of promise, and the sense of freedom it expressed appealed to them. Dawn was perhaps the only one who was bothered by the fierceness of the name, her father’s name notwithstanding. The eagle had talons, sharp and long, and could be merciless. The sense of loftiness also conveyed a haughty quality, being above all else. In her opinion, High-Eagle was much too aggressive for an infant, but perhaps not for a man he was expected to grow into. Still, from her cultural viewpoint, maybe he would have been better named Eagle-Feather. It took a whole assemblage of feathers to make a wing that functioned collectively. Dawn folded her arms and interlaced her fingers in a gesture of balance, unity and harmony. It was a pose that Chaiko recognised, that she often fell into when she sought to reconcile some clash of cultures. As he was about to embark on a visit to her culture, he was more sensitive to these nuances.
Before nightfall took hold, Chaiko proclaimed that he would be pleased to unite Chandar and Tara in a simple ceremony on the morrow and invited all of the clan to witness this event. He stressed that they were joined already, by proper Tolmec ritual, but that tomorrow’s would be a confirmation of their union according to clan customs. A fresh buzz of excitement swept the cave, and the split the naming factions had caused was now fully healed. Gill noted, “Moons pass without anything interesting planned and then suddenly everything falls on us!”
Rea, unable to let that go unchallenged, was quick to point out, “Flowers have their time of bloom, fruits have their seasons, and the seasons have their cycles. Suddenly our field is full of flowers and the fruits have ripened all at once.”
In high, good humor the cave settled down that night. The fires flickered for a while, drawing dancing shadows onto the walls, then shrank back into a bed of embers and ashes. The night outside swallowed the few sounds that broke through the silence.
Excited by the naming ceremony, the child Csamatar awoke in the middle of the night and cried out once, twice; the newest person gave voice to a sense of will that had a name no longer to be ignored.
“Shhh, Csama. Lie still, it’s still night,” his mother whispered and patted his back comfortingly. Silence flooded into the cave again.

Chapter 7
In the afternoon of the next day, the ceremony that united Chandar and Tara was performed. Though it was a simple affair, the whole cave turned out and an attempt was made to clean and tidy the place to make it more presentable. The young couple stood in front of Chaiko, the whole clan ranged around them. A subdued quiet waited for the shaman to begin.
“Dear friends, we are here to witness the union of these two young persons. Chandar of the Lesser-Bear-Claw, adopted into the Standing-Rock Clan, stands before you ready to take Tara daughter of the White-Horse tribe of the Tolmec Confederation. We all know Chandar’s many good qualities and none of us needs to be reminded of them. We know Tara less well, but let me assure you she is of good character and great integrity. She is already joined to him according to Tolmec ways. She swore to him obedience and service. If she did so in Tolmec can she do any less in clan?” He looked all around and motioned to Chandar. “Take Tara’s hand: she is henceforth yours to hold and to protect.” The shaman turned to Tara and said, “Ashogi anaya tella ito acodai tento,” loosely translating, “You are now joined. Ehedaj calto elo ti.”
Then he turned to the rest. “To you who are here assembled, bear witness. If any asks of you, ‘Who is this woman?’ then reply straight away, she is of Chandar. And if anyone asks, ‘Who is this man?’ say ‘he is of Tara.’” Then he turned to the couple again. “You are now joined as we all bear witness. Your children will list you in the line of their generations. Go and make each other happy. Akogami seya tatoan.” Tara looked at Chaiko, her eyes wide. Of all the people besides Chandar, she had grown to trust only this man.
The crowd dispersed, some lingering still to congratulate the couple. They shook Chandar’s hand and spoke graciously to Tara who smiled back a little woodenly, not able to understand their words though she could read their eyes. Makar was overcome by emotions and gave his adopted brother a big hug; then in an extravagant gesture, he hugged Tara as well. He figured he had a right to so greet family.
A formal feast had not been planned, but now suddenly food and delicacies appeared. Tender smoked meat dipped and dried in honey, seed cakes, nuts, sweet roots and berries were offered around. Sprigs of green were also given to clear the palate. The men collected in a group and told jokes, laughing loudly at themselves. The women also gathered among themselves, feeling good about this happy event. They wondered about the girl Tara; she was so quiet and serious. Ulla’s eyebrows arched high as she heard Stow’s laughter come to them shrill and braying.
Then Makar recited for their entertainment a longish work, rather esoteric, about a crane, a sundog and a mole, with some obscure moral principles implied. Though the poem was well done, and would have been ideal to present on a fading night before settling down to sleep, on this occasion it stirred only the most meager response. Soon more than just a few had difficulty in stifling a yawn or two.
After that lengthy piece singing broke out spontaneously to stir up the blood. In a glad outpouring of sound, the melody stumbled on until Lana assumed the lead. Then her voice became solo and the rest became the chorus answering her. They sang till their voices grew tired, starting to crack and wobble. When Crow’s strong voice broke abruptly, with a loud squawk, as if made by some bird in distress, they all laughed in enjoyment—but the singing was over.
Lana hummed still, and started to sway and dip. Soon people were clapping to the rhythm of her motion. She danced about, stopped before Dawn and pulled her to her feet. Everybody applauded and called encouragingly for they wanted to see her perform, and the two of them danced together. They twirled, circled each other, then reversed. Dawn worked some sways and dips into the rhythm and Lana mirrored them. Then the dancing became swifter, the clapping louder and more insistent. Faster and faster their feet flashed, disappearing in a blur of motion, the more the rhythm demanded of them. Lana, still humming, grew entirely short of breath and collapsed into a heap. Dawn then slowed her motion, and brought the rhythm back to its stately beginning. She too was about to sit down but the spectators were so genuinely pleading with her not to, that she just could not. She started a slow and graceful dance, allowing them to find the proper timing to add their clapping. Lana improvised a sliding melody, taking her clues from the gestures of Dawn’s hands. Soon they were again enthralled, Cora especially, not having seen or heard the likes of this before.
Chaiko recognised the dance, and his heart swelled with pride; it was the spell-weaving fire dance. Dawn was the flame that grew in strength and energy as it danced, her one hand the shadow, the other light and brilliance; she wove them back and forth in perfect synchrony. Was there ever anything more graceful? Then the flame lost its exuberance, shrank within itself, struggled to breathe, to dance just once more, but the energy was gone, consumed. It shrank and fell into itself. Lana improvised and her voice cried with pathos. Suddenly, a sound burst from Cora’s lips, a narrow, pure thread of sound that shadowed Lana’s lead. The sounds combined, rang within each other, then as Dawn collapsed into motionlessness, Lana voice died too, but still Cora’s floated like an expiring echo. For a long heart beat, no one moved, no one wanted to cast a shadow on the memory.
Cora looked absolutely wonderstruck. Where had those sounds come from? She had never, ever sung like that before. It must be that girl Lana who drew it from her. It felt like for a time there was just the two of them joined by a perfect resonance. Cora felt that she had been given a magnificent present that filled her with joy. She was amazed that this talent had been hidden in her, unknown to her. What could she give in return? Then it flashed through her mind that she knew just the thing.
Then slowly murmurs again gained momentum and people joined in spirited exchanges, laughing readily, the sound feeding the general mood of pleasure. Yet the person who should have been happiest was not. She looked around and wondered why these people were acting so silly, as if celebrating some great achievement, some battle won? Where did all this laughter and childishness come from? When Dawn danced, Tara appreciated the quickness and suppleness of the dancer, and thought that she could make a fighter out of her, for the girl certainly had the co-ordination and agility. But the joy she saw in the faces irritated her, for she could not understand it. A joining was a serious occasion, commitment for one’s whole life, not to be filled with such frivolity. Her mate beside her smiled at her and she struggled to smile back.
A little later the ‘happy’ couple slipped away, doubtless to find some privacy.
“Where did they disappear to?” queried Rea.
“Now, where would you think? What would you do in their place?” Gill asked in his turn, breaking into suggestive laughter. He and Ela exchanged fond looks and he slapped her possessively on the rear. Just you wait, girl, his eyes promised, shining with the joy of living.
Cora went back to her sleeping place, and drew from among her meagre belongings the little treasure that she had found this very morning. Ork and Sosa had come to take another look at the new girl. They snickered at her speech but she did not take offence. Then they showed her the bathing pool, the path to the river, and a creek bed with just a trickle of water flowing in the middle of bare pebbles and rock. She had found this sparkling stone that remained vibrant and colorful even once it dried. Grabbing it in her hand, she sought out Lana and Ido. They gazed at her questioningly. “Sohar cocila teteo bal, com tor.” Lana and Ido exchanged looks; what did the girl say? “Teteo bal,” Cora repeated. Lana looked around and called out “Ushi?” for him to interpret.
Cora, however shook her head, “No Usshe.” She took Lana’s hand and placed in it the stone. Lana looked in amazement at the enchanting play of light so deep and colorful in the rock, then up wonderingly at the strange girl. Cora placed her hands together and inclined her head, seeming to thank her for something, but what? Cora then made a small sound, intentionally a little off pitch, which Lana instinctively corrected, and together they held the note harmonised. The two girls smiled at each other in understanding, and between them a bond was forged as if they had known each other all their lives.

Over the next few days, the life of the clan fell into a pleasant complacent routine. There were no big problems facing them and in the mildness of these summer days, they were surrounded by the abundance of the land. The men hunted, the women gathered seeds, roots and fruit. As they got used to the sight of Tara and Cora they ceased even to wonder about their strangeness. They allowed that they could not speak the language yet, in the same way as a mute would not be able to, and had no expectation that they would understand. It was a little jarring to realise that now and then they could understand what was being said about them.
Cora soon fit into the daily pattern of the life of the cave. She found odd, and at times disconcerting, the freedom she was allowed. No one yelled at her to get out of the way, get me this or that, well except for her older sister sometimes. She quickly became aware of Ruba watching her from the background but since he never approached her, she lost her concern. Being unable to speak and communicate, she spent most of her time with Ork and Sosa. They needed no shared language to enjoy themselves. They would go off exploring or simply searching for something to hold their interest. She would sit with them through their lessons in tracking, hunting or wood lore, pretty much ignored as people did not know how to set her straight on any breach of protocol, so did not try. She likewise attended their lessons with the shaman about clan history, manners and conduct. Chaiko would include her and times would even break into Tolmec for her benefit. But mostly she watched the boy’s expressions, saw them swallow their boredom at times, and cover up their lack of enthusiasm. She would laugh at them and they would look at her, shocked at her lack of respect.
She loved roaming about the surrounding woods and grassland. It seemed that her hunger to learn everything, to experience everything grew daily. She was sorry when the day ended, and was among the first to get up and badger Ork and Sosa into some new adventure.
The boys did not quite know what to make of Cora. She was not like any girl they knew; certainly not like Lana and Ido and certainly not like Tay. Finally, they ignored that she was a girl and accepted her into an easy camaraderie, happy to romp along with her and to show her things. They enjoyed her fresh reactions; it was entertaining to see her watch, understand slowly and then learn. She, in turn, delighted in the pranks they played and was happy to conspire right along with them. Thus when the boys put a hole into Rea’s water bag, and watched as he spilled onto himself and cursed and went off muttering, she found it great fun. When they put a harmless sand snake into Emma’s footwear and heard her squeal in startled surprise, Cora laughed along with the boys. And in the background there was Ruba, always watching her. Well let him, she thought, shrugging her shoulders. But the times she looked forward to the most were the afternoons she spent with Lana and Ido. They would show her things and teach her words, work on varied tasks, and sometimes Lana and she would sing together. Then, it was as if their spirits could soar in the pureness of the sound, combining, parting but always in harmony, then coming together again. Ido would yawn, but for the two girls it was an indescribable feeling of merging of selves, as if one could complete the other. A sharing on some level far above the common sounds of speech, it was feelings speaking to feelings without the distraction and awkwardness of language. It was painfully intense and neither could maintain it for long at a time. Lana and Cora grew closer, leaving Ido to wonder where this stranger had come from and why was she feeling so left out.
The situation was not as clear for her sister Tara. When she should have been happy with a loving and solicitous mate and a new beginning, free of the prejudices of her former life, she was having trouble adjusting. Inexplicably, she would become emotional and burst out crying at the most inopportune moments. Chandar would hover anxiously nearby and asked her repeatedly what was wrong. But she would answer nothing, nothing; she truly could not put it into words, just a quaky jitteriness inside. The warrior-girl was mad at herself. And he looked at her puzzled, asking, “Is it me?” She would shake her head no, no, emphatically, but would burst into fresh tears.
“I beg your forgiveness for bringing the shame of tears upon you. I am not worthy to be your mate, I am not worthy to be even a warrior-girl. I am too weak,” she condemned herself.
Deeply upset by these occurrences, Chandar confessed his troubles to the shaman. “I just do not know what to do. She is hurting, but cannot put it into words. She is struggling and fighting but knows not what against. I do not know how to help her. It must be something spiritual. Please help me help her.”
Chaiko shut his eyes, and thought hard: It sounded like a spiritual problem to him too. He ached with a burning longing to know more about the spirit world. The people coming to him thought he knew all about spirits, but try as he would he could not dispossess them of the notion. How was he going to answer this plea, what practical remedies could he offer to heal a hurt so deep? Where was he to find all the answers required of him? Think, he commanded his mind, give!
After due consideration he asked, “Have you seen how well ice keeps its form and its ridges in the cold? But how quickly it loses its shape in the warmth of the sun? So it is with Tara. Growing up alone and unloved she turned cold and hard. If it were not for Cora, whom she loves, she would have frozen out her feelings altogether. Now because you love her, and she returns that love, all those feelings that she has hidden and ignored are coming to the surface. Her soul is thawing and she is starting to feel again.”
Chandar blinked; this was a whole lot to take in all at once. He blinked again.
Chaiko tried to clarify for him some more: “You know how when you come in from the cold, having lost all feelings in your fingers, you hold them to the fire and as the fingers warm, they hurt and hurt until tears spring into your eyes? Well so it is with Tara, her feelings are starting to hurt at the warmth of love coming into her life. But this is healing, and the tears are a part of that.”
“But what do I do to help her?”
“Accept her tears. Let her cry.” Was that enough? Chaiko searched his thoughts looking for something useful. “Take her on a trip, someplace nice, perhaps up to Rainbow Lake. Be alone there together.”
“A trip?” Chandar wondered.
“Yes. And let her talk about herself. Let the tears flow as they must. And when she stops talking you ask. And then listen, and listen. Accept her pain, do not fight it. Don’t get discouraged for love heals, it needs but time. Come back when her feelings have settled.” Chaiko stopped talking. He must ask Dawn to help him figure all this out. With so many feelings, this needed a woman’s perspective. He felt like he was fumbling about looking for straws to throw to a drowning man.
Chandar left, resolved to follow the shaman’s advice, and so it came about that Chandar and Tara left for a trip to Rainbow Lake to spend some time there alone together. The men winked knowingly, oh to be young again. The women were more puzzled, but inclined to be charitable. Let the new woman find some peace and quiet in the tranquillity of the lake. To everyone’s surprise except Lana’s, Cora showed not the least concern over being separated from Tara. She had made friends with Ork and Sosa, and the three of them were running about in pursuit of some novelty. She continued to treasure the time she spent with Lana and developed an easy companionship with Ido limited only by her lack of the language. While she was learning rapidly and knew the names of most objects, she still could not put together a complete sentence. Yaya grew fond of her, because Cora liked to play with Tay, for whom words were less important. Cora got used to living in a cave, in the open in front of everybody and was beginning to feel accepted.

Over the next half moon Csama grew quickly to Tanya’s great pleasure. He started a happy burble of sounds, such as a brook makes, not caring which way it goes. When he looked at people, he would show such delight in his expressions that it never failed to bring forth a like response. Even the taciturn Cosh found himself grinning back at him. People soon got used to his name, forgetting even what it stood for. For now, High-Eagle was just growing the feathers of his wings, soft downy things. Everybody agreed, judging by his present size, that he would grow as tall and as powerful as his father. Yael observed the new arrival, aware of someone even younger than himself, and was experimenting to see what the baby was all about. Dawn had to watch him constantly when the two were together. At times, Tanya would take care of Yael so Dawn could spend some time in the garden with Ile. They had tried to take the boys with them, but Yael imitated what he saw and with ruthless zeal and efficiency plucked weeds and plants alike out of the ground. Csama loved to eat dirt. And soon, the two of them were covered from head to foot with dust and grime.
The season was progressing nicely, with plenty of sun and just enough rain to provide the necessary moisture. The garden was becoming a lush profusion of growth. Given space to expand, plenty of light and air, all the plants responded. The tomatoes had clusters of fruits, some already ripening. In fascination Dawn wondered how the plant decided which fruit to ripen first. She found that sometimes a tiny injury to a fruit would trigger ripening as the plant tried to ensure maturity of seed, before rot would set in. She confirmed this by wounding some tomatoes herself and thereby forcing premature ripening. In this light she saw Tara’s problem as well; by neglect and injury in her childhood she had been forced into premature ripeness. Yes she had grown, but was now showing the warped growth of her upbringing. She explained this to Chaiko, and he was intrigued.
“Can she be a child again? Learn to trust, learn to depend on others?” he wanted to know.
Dawn did not think so; a plant might shrivel up, but could not grow backwards. “She will have to learn to trust some other way.”

Crow and Lana were content. There was such a sense of comfort between them, such peace, that others were drawn into their presence. Ido and Makar were frequent visitors and now the new girl, Cora. While she was quickly learning their language, they all delighted in the original combination of words she found to express something.
On rare occasions Crow got tired of so many persons pressing into his life that he planned some outing just for the two of them, but before he knew it he was leading an expedition with Stow and Ulla gladly joining as well. Lana was quickly developing the graciousness of her mother, being accommodating to all, not able to turn anyone away. Crow would frown but she would always promise to make it up to him. Which she did, so mostly he was a contented fellow, at peace with the world. Cora had taken a great liking for him and treated him like a close relative. This was only natural, as she and Lana were closer than sisters on some level. It was more than music they shared; they had a similar aspiration to rise above the ordinary. Few of the others had that and certainly not to the same measure as these two. Cora, sensitive to Ido’s feelings, deferred to her, careful not to be pushy around her, so that Ido soon lost her resentment of the girl for intruding. In time, Ido even came to see that the three of them made a better balanced relationship, with Cora being a younger sister to both. Thus the two older girls fussed over Cora as they never had over each other.

A change of half moon had passed when Chandar and Tara returned. Tara was much quieter, composed and self-possessed. The talking had helped, not at first but later after many days. There plenty of tears too, Chandar reported to the shaman. “It is amazing how much pain can be locked up in memories... of being unprotected and alone. And she thought all that was normal, and all her fault! She did not even know what it was to be listened to.”
“See, that’s how all the Tolmecs feel, locked up in themselves, even trapped,” Chaiko reflected. “That is why we must help them find themselves.”
“I can see that now. The more she talked the more I recognised some of my own troubles,” the young man said, but did not elaborate further. “It was peaceful up there. Just the wind over the water and the calling of frogs. I caught a huge catfish from beneath a willow tree and we wrapped it in leaves and cooked it. It was so tender and succulent it melted in one’s mouth. Tasted good served with young radishes.”
“Good,” Chaiko responded when the young man had finished talking. “The next time she feels oppressed by her feelings, or feels others crowding her, you take her up there so she can find her balance again. Those early wounds of childhood take a long time to heal.” Chaiko knew this only too well from losing his leg not that long ago.

Stow was hunting along a path that ran by the river, hoping to surprise a deer or a fat rabbit at least. Just in front of him he spied a fox and instinctively cast his throwing stick, which, to his surprise, hit the fox and killed it, as the fox made no move to avoid it. Shaking his head in puzzlement, Stow picked up the animal by the tail and as he did so something fluffy yellow fell out of its mouth: a duckling that scurried off into the river, complaining. Thus twice that day Stow was surprised.
That night by the fire, Stow told the rest about the fox and the duckling to everyone’s huge amusement. Makar immediately tried to make a verse out of it.
“The fox thought to have his dinner
 and already had his mouth half full
 when the hunter saw him chewing
 threw a stick that killed it dead
 but from the mouth fell what it fed on
 a duckling, that quacking ran away”

Then Makar pretended to be the fox, sniffing about on the ground, pouncing on the hapless duckling. Then he was hit on the head and dropped to the ground. He rolled up his eyes into his head, his mouth opened in a grimace and out came something fluffy and yellow. Startled, the women all screamed, for no one had seen him put the thing in his mouth.
Ruba thought the story was great, especially as no one had spoiled it with some moral. He stuffed some feathers in his mouth and tried to act as Makar had. Unfortunately a down feather got into his windpipe and he choked and coughed, the remaining feathers exploding out of him. Half the people laughed, the other half pounded his back as they scolded till he was free of it. He was red and sweaty, but he soon forgot his discomfort when he saw Cora smiling at him.
After that the people wanted to hear a story and badgered Chaiko but as usual he was most reluctant. Finally Lana bribed him by promising to sing right after.
“Nah, good. This is a story about co-operation.” A teaching-story, a few groaned. “Two friends lived close together, a warthog and a raccoon. The problem was that unlike most raccoons, this one was afraid to climb up into a tree for fear of falling out of its branches. This was no great loss, except when the fruit ripened so temptingly just out of reach. Often the warthog encouraged him to try, but to no avail, the raccoon was just too scared. But then the raccoon had an idea. He told the warthog to stand under the tree and he climbed onto his broad back and from there the raccoon was able to pick some apples for both of them. But he insisted that since he was the first to touch the apples it was his right to take the first bite. Now everybody knows that the first bite is the best, the juiciest, the firmest and the warthog would have liked to be the first at least once. But the raccoon maintained that the first to touch the apple was to get the first bite.” Chaiko looked around to see all of them watching him and wondering where the story would end up. He smiled. “Well the next time, the warthog simply refused to stand under the tree and let the raccoon onto his back. He insisted it was now his turn or there would be no apples at all. So it came about that the warthog climbed onto the raccoon’s back. As you might guess this story had no happy ending, for the poor raccoon was squashed flat, the warthog being so much heavier than a raccoon.” People groaned in unison.
“What is the point?” Lana demanded.
“Well working together is good. Being fair and sharing is also good. But one also has to let each do what they are best at. Certainly the warthog was better at holding the raccoon than the other way around, as they found out to their detriment.”
“It is also a story about the stupidity of a raccoon and a warthog,” Tusk commented.
“That too,” Chaiko agreed and everybody laughed.

The next day at the morning council meeting, Chaiko’s trip was discussed at length. Ushi had expressed an eagerness to go along as he loved new places and learning new things. Chaiko thought that would be enough, but Baer disagreed.
“Have you seen the pile that your mate has accumulated?” Baer asked. “No, you will need at least one more person to carry it all.” The question was who? With the exception of Rea, everyone was tied down, and Rea was unanimously not considered. They promised to think about this and left it for a day.
After the others departed, the two brothers stayed a while by the fire. Baer did not like the idea of being split again. Chaiko was too valuable to the clan and impossible to replace. Yet he did not know how to prevent the trip as he agreed that Dawn must visit her people and let them know she was alive and well. Such thorny problems often had no solutions, Baer sighed.
“What bothers you, brother?” Chaiko asked.
“Sometimes I wish I had the wisdom of Bogan,” replied Baer longingly. “Maybe then I could solve all the problems in the world.”
Chaiko nodded and thought, if only I could find the Rainbow Gate and find all knowledge. Aloud he said, “Bogan, great as he was, solved only those problems that were solvable.”
Baer looked at Chaiko in surprise; he had not expected his brother to veer so close to heresy on the great Bogan.
“Bogan was good at inspiring us and giving us something to hold onto,” Chaiko continued. “Sometimes in the darkness that surrounds us, he is our only light.”
“For the Standing-Rock Clan, brother, you are light enough,” Baer said with quiet intensity. “Keep safe brother, be careful. Who knows what lies before you in a strange land.”
“I shall be most careful, and do not forget, I will have Dawn with me. I would not risk her in the least.”
“We must find someone else to go with you,” Baer sighed, the care of the clan heavy upon him. He rose and ambled off to his fire where Tanya and Csama were waiting for him. There was a sense of ponderousness about him that Chaiko had not noted before. We are getting older, he thought, saddened.
“If we all could be as wise as Bogan,” Chaiko echoed his brother’s thought. “How does one get that wise, or must one be born with it? Does the uniqueness of a person get passed along to the next generation? Hair color sometimes runs in a family line. What about wisdom? Why had Bogan no mate? Why had he no children? Why had the generations ended with him? The wisdom of his line lost.” These thoughts stirred him deeply. Yael was his gift to the next generation, as was Lana and Csama on Baer’s side. Their lines were assured. “Must be of importance, why else would ancient wisdom pay such close attention to ancestry even on the mother’s side?” He found himself playing with Bogan’s tell mark hanging around his neck. He went back to his fire where Dawn and Yael were already deeply asleep, sat down on his furs, took off his wooden leg and gratefully massaged his stump. It was not hurting but at times there was a sense of weariness that settled into it. It was too dark to see, so he ran his hand over the wood and leather and decided maybe he had better make a spare one for the trip.
Over the next days, with their trip imminent, people started again to ask Dawn more questions about her people and where they lived. The favorite was, “You are coming back, aren’t you?” to which Dawn responded by reassuring them that of course she would. She reminded them that Yael was all clan.
“Your name is really Doan? Why does Chaiko call you Dawn then?” Ido asked.
“It is his right to call me what he will,” she answered, blinking that the question had only been asked now.
“How does elk meat taste?” Emma asked.
“The same as here. The only differences are the numbers. My people live on the main migration route and it is a magnificent sight to see lines of elk running or passing day after day, then swimming across a river. We sometimes wait downstream to fish out the ones who have drowned and come floating by. Easy hunting.”
“Won’t your people be surprised to see you again and your family filled with joy at seeing you alive when they had thought you were dead all this time?” Tanya mused and all within earshot thought of how they would feel in similar circumstances.
“I would die of surprise and joy,” Ela declared, then she remembered that her baby that died and started to cry. Ulla shyly stroked her back comfortingly.
“Do your people have much contact with strangers?” Crow asked. Good question and even Chaiko listened closely.
“No. There are mountains to the east and mountains to the west that are hard to pass through and there is only grassland and scrub bush to the north. The south is open but no one has come to us except a few bison.”
“Then your people don’t know other people?” Cosh asked.
“So is right. People should stay where they were born,” Tusk commented.
“The People-of-the-Elk know there are other people,” Dawn protested. “My people,” she broke off a little confused. Yes, who are your people now, Doan of the Elk or Dawn of the Clan? “They know of ... us. But think we are cannibals!” she said in a rare flash of humor, as the clan held that all others were barbarians prone to eat each other. Chaiko burst out laughing at all the indignant faces around them. After that there were fewer questions.
Somewhat later Chandar came over to the shaman, his posture indicating that he wanted a formal audience. Chaiko bade him sit and asked what would he have the shaman do for him.
“We want to go with you,” Chandar came straight to the point, “to the People-of-the-Elk. Tara and I.”
“You just got here, why would you want to leave so soon?” Chaiko asked puzzled. He added that it hardly seemed reasonable that Tara would want to jump from one strangeness into another.
“It’s her idea,” Chandar said. “I think that with all her feelings surfacing, she feels soft and vulnerable and hopes that a trip would harden her again.”
“Humm.” Chaiko rubbed his chin, thinking that the young man showed great insight with this observation. “You are welcome to come, but I must ask Baer for his approval.”
Baer was more than willing, as it solved a great worry for him. He had been thinking of sending Crow and Lana along, and was thus glad he did not have to, for at the moment, Tanya needed Lana to help out with her younger brother. Stow and Ulla would have been his second choice, but Ulla was not adventuresome enough to face such a trip. Makar and Ido?

It was well over a moon since returning from the Tolmecs that they set out on their journey to the west. Chaiko, Dawn, Ushi, Chandar and Tara were all loaded down with gifts and provisions except for Dawn who only carried Yael in a sling to the front, with just his head sticking out. On her back she carried a change of skins for him. The whole clan accompanied them a ways, along the broad bison track that led to the north. The journey started with great celebration but by the time they reached the river two days later, an oppressive silence took hold of them. Their mood was dejected at the impending parting.
Standing in shallow water, Chaiko looked around. This was the spot two years ago where he had clawed his way into the water to escape the flames. Here it was that he had bobbed under the water to escape the heat of flames and to keep his hair from catching fire. And where he had wrestled with the flames for air. His throat closed at the memory of that struggle. He nearly lost his life then. Charred stem of trees lined the shore in silent witness of that agony. Chaiko turned to watch the river and seeing a branch float idly by, he remembered the tree that saved him, carrying him to safety down the River of Destiny.
“Good-bye brother,” Chaiko said, taking leave of Baer, embracing him while everybody crowded around him to exchange a touch and the male pounding of the backs. Tanya and Dawn were holding onto each other and crying. “Take care. Take care.” The words followed them as the party waded into the river, deeper and deeper, holding their packs high. The water was pleasant, not cold at all. They got across without even having to swim, much to Chaiko’s surprise, who remembered the river as much deeper. They climbed out on the other side and turned to wave and shout to the clan, but the wind blew their words away.
Then the whole clan started to surge back and forth, to the water’s edge and back. “What are they doing?” Dawn asked in amazement. Her mate’s eyes misted over as he said, “They are giving us the Tolmec tribute.” Indeed, the whole clan surged forward, even into the water, then reluctantly dragged themselves back to show their sadness at this parting, just as they had heard it described many times when the shaman of the Standing-Rock Clan took leave of the Tolmec host. Finally Baer stood and lifted his hand to flash them the good-hunting sign and all the hands rose into the air. Then both groups set their faces the other way and started off, but with many backward looks and then a final gaze and wave of hands as the lay of the land cut off the view.
Ushi led them down into the next valley, with Chaiko following with Dawn, Tara and Chandar to the rear. Dawn was quietly crying, feeling the loss of her friends already. Tara looked at her, wondering how such a soft creature could have captured the heart of such a wise man as the shaman. To her old way of thinking, courtship was a hunt, and the question only was who was the hunter and who the hunted.
After crossing the river they angled to the west toward twin peaks of the hills where Dawn said there was a narrow passage that led through the barrier of cliffs and steep slopes. At first the going was easy, on a well-worn animal trail that cut through a level grassland, but then the bush closed in and made progress difficult, forcing them to skirt a dense tangle of spiny branches.
At midday they paused for a short meal and then pressed on. Their progress became even more difficult, as they had to cross many washouts with steep embankments leading to treacherous footing below, followed by a steep climb. They were soon exhausted; Chaiko found downhill the hardest, with his wooden leg slipping under him. Tara, short of breath, was amazed that not one complaint escaped the soft girl beside her. Dawn kept up as a woman of her people was expected to do.
*****
It took them two more days to reach the foothills and then five more to wind their way through a maze of obstructions. Luckily, there was a clear animal track to lead them most of the way. But they were bone weary from the constant effort of negotiating difficult passages. Then they were out of the hills, overlooking a broad valley with a wide river below.
“The Shohami,” announced Dawn reverently. “The Big-Muddy, for in spring it is full of mud. Look there… there is Elk-Rock, held to be the bones of a giant elk. To the north is the Swamp-of-Forgetfulness, for no one can remember a safe passage through it.” There was a childlike excitement in her voice and her accent became more noticeable.
Chaiko and Ushi scanned the scene for signs of smoke from fires but found none. It was not yet midday but Chaiko called for a day of rest to recover some of their strength. They were glad to be out of the narrow confines of the hills, except for Chandar, whose birthplace of the Lesser-Bear-Claw it resembled. Gratefully, they made fire and rested, chewing on their provisions.
The three men gathered at a lookout point and studied the lay of the land. Hunting lore stressed always knowing where you are and where you want to be. The valley was at least as broad as the Standing-Rock plain with only the slightest indications of mountains on the horizon on the far side. The river meandered along the valley floor, joining a series of lakes. The water led the eye to the north over hillocks and darker strands of wood. The south was shrouded by a haze of sunlight sparkling in the air. A fertile land, Chaiko concluded, generally oriented north and south, providing a generous trail for the Elk to follow north. He wondered where the elk retreated on their southward journey.
After their many exertions, they fell asleep quickly that night, except for Dawn who was excited by being so near again to the birthplace she had nearly given up on ever seeing again. Still, far from her cave, she felt the conviction within her that she was now entirely of the Standing-Rock Clan; this return was but a visit to say good-bye to the land of her childhood and to reassure her family. She thought it strange that she had to come all this way to make this discovery. Then her thoughts wandered among all her friends and relations until sleep finally overtook her. Her dreams were troubled as the spirits of her ancestors were not going to let her go that easily.
It was one of those clear late-summer nights when the sky was bright with stars, appearing almost intimate. Chaiko roused himself, put some wood on the fire, then covered his mate and lay back on his furs. He wondered if the familiar spirits could protect him and his companions this far from home. He hoped so. When an owl swept by above, he took this to be a good sign, that his ancestors were indeed watching him. He closed his eyes and willed himself to sleep before doubt could push this small reassurance away.

Chapter 8
The next morning they all peered into the thick white mist that obscured the bottom of the valley. Nowhere could they see a column of smoke breaking through. They ate and packed up but still lingered at the lookout in the hope that the mist would soon lift with the rising heat of the day.
“We’d best head north past Elk-Rock, and camp on the river at Butterfly-Fork where they usually cross the river,” Dawn advised. Chaiko nodded, recognizing instantly that she had used “they” for the first time, when referring to her people.
The mist lifted as they watched, little by little revealing the whole of the countryside. Still, no signs of people were anywhere visible. They started down along a trail used by mountain sheep, but they did not have the animals’ sure footing and especially Chaiko slipped, sending a shower of rocks sliding downhill. They were sweating profusely under their loads by the time they reached the valley floor. Finding a stream, they rested, washed themselves in the refreshing cool water, then pushed on through a young strand of larch and birches. The occasional pine stood to bar their way with its ponderous branches. By late afternoon they reached the river which lived up to its name, muddy even in the low water of late summer.
“We’d best cross here,” Dawn suggested, “to avoid the long loop-back of the river. We can then take a shortcut further to the north.”
So it was that the group crossed, finding the river rather more powerful than they had expected, with the weight of silt bearing down. Chaiko reached back, extending his spear to his mate who was holding Yael out of the current. By the time they reached the other side she was near exhaustion and collapsed, nauseated.
“Dawn...” Chaiko bent over her solicitously.
“I am all right,” she said smiling weakly but then a fresh wave of nausea swept over her and made a lie of her statement.
Worried, Chaiko touched her forehead, but felt no fever. “What is wrong?” he asked again as the other pressed closer.
She stood up slowly, wobbled then steadied. Taking his arm and motioning the others back, she led him aside. Her eyes were beseeching as she said softly, “I am with child.”
Thunderstruck, Chaiko nearly lost his footing as the ground swayed under him. “How?” he asked foolishly as if he did not know. “When?” he asked, his heart racing.
“I am about four moons pregnant,” she said, taking from her fold a string with four double knots in it just like she had learned from Tanya.
“We should not have come on this journey. You should have told me. We must turn back...” he rattled off in a storm of protest.
“Shh,” she tried to placate him. “We have plenty of time. There are five moons yet to go, and we will be back in plenty of time.”
“Why did you not tell me?” he asked, hurt. “Did you not think I would like to know?”
“No, no, my dear,” and she caressed his face, pleading with him. “I was afraid that if I told you, you would not have started. And next year with a newborn would have been impossible.” He knew she was right on both counts. Still it rankled him that she had not told him. It was her duty. When he made decisions, he must know all the facts. Did she not know that? Of course she knows that, the other part of his mind hurried to her defense, but she also had an obligation to her family. She had always carried two codes of conduct, and had to balance between them. Poor Dawn, duty and desire were hard taskmasters.
The rest waited in suspense. Tara wondered what could be the matter? With their smooth-faces, the play of emotions was so clearly seen. It was intensely embarrassing; it would be easier looking at them naked than at all these insides-turned-out emotions showing all the time. It was easier to hide behind paint and many scars as her people did.
The news of Dawn’s condition surprised the others, except Ushi. “Well I suspected. When she last danced she was careful and her midriff had thickened, slightly. Didn’t you notice?” No, Chaiko had not.
They made camp, and passed around some food. Each was quiet; revealed secrets had that effect. It was not until nightfall that Chaiko could feel the first twinge of pleasure at the expectation of another child to bless his future. It took him even longer to express it. “Dear Dawn, I thank you,” he murmured, taking her hands and kissing them. “You are right. We have plenty of time and everything will turn out well.” He hoped, but it served no purpose to let her fret. Dawn, who felt very guilty about keeping this news from him, broke into tears. He stroked her hair and made comforting sounds until she stopped. Across the fire Tara watched them, but turned away almost angrily when Dawn’s tears started to flow. What was the matter with these people anyway, did they drink too much water? But then tears welled into her eyes and she had to run into the bushes to hide her shame. Chandar went after her. Who could understand women?

After three days of difficult waiting, Chaiko and Ushi were fishing in the river. Something fresh would be welcome after a steady diet of dried meat. They had left Chandar back at camp on guard with the women. Late in the morning, the fish were not biting and they had only caught one, a river perch that snapped at the hook out of instinct rather than hunger or any interest. Chaiko was considering leaving, when Ushi called out a warning. He turned to see five men emerge from under the trees, notice them, and spread out with spears at the ready. Then more appeared and ranged themselves to cut off any possibility of flight. Cautiously they advanced. Ushi was experienced in meeting strangers and made no move; any sudden move would be considered hostile. Chaiko also remained quiet, outwardly calm. Looking at their faces, he recognized the features of his mate—the wide set eyes, the prominent cheekbones and perhaps that arch of the eyebrows—and he felt better about facing them this way. The People-of-the-Elk moved nearer, showing no aggression, just a cautious wariness.
“Peace be with you,” Chaiko said in Elk, “for contentment is the fruit of peace.” He wondered where the words come from; he had not been aware that he knew them. The Elk were struck motionless; had they heard right? Chaiko repeated the phrase, paying more attention to his pronunciation. The Ekulan looked at each other.
“Who would you be?” one asked.
“I am of the people to the east,” he replied pointing to himself first and then to the east, “who hunt the bison,” and he hooked his fingers by his ears to show horns and raised his shoulders to show the bison’s hump. “My woman is of the Ekulan.” He could not remember the word for mate, though he remembered the word that people here called themselves.
There was a quick exchange of words too fast for him to follow but he had the impression that they were trying to figure out what to do. Their motions were not hostile, but they stayed on guard. Chaiko thought it best not to let them fall across the camp and startle them into some precipitous action, so he offered, “My fire is just beyond those trees, where my woman will welcome you.” He could see it did not sit well with the leader to come across people here in their homeland, even people that in a strange way could speak his language, and that more of them were about. He made a few hand motions, and a group separated to check out the indicated camp. More of them arrived, and any hope of escape died. There were just too many of them. Besides why should they flee, having come such a long way to meet these people? The only thing that bothered him was that they were separated from the rest of his group.
“Please come.” The leader gestured for them to follow and as they did so, the others closed around them. Chaiko had his fishing pole, but Ushi held his spear lightly, tip to the ground and though they looked at it frowning they did not take it away. Wanting to make sure that things were not misunderstood. Chaiko took Ushi’s spear from him and presented it to the leader of the band. The man barked a command and one of their number took it from him. They resumed their progress, soon joining a wider track that had obviously been much used over the years. Chaiko was a bit concerned that they were heading away from his camp, but he did not allow his worry to show.
Behind a screen of trees they came upon a sizable camp. On all sides stood structures formed of hides stretched over poles. “Flar,” he recalled, pulling the word from his memory. He had wanted to build some of those. Why hadn’t he? They were escorted into an open space near the middle of the camp and told to wait. Obviously the leader was not comfortable to make any decision about them. Immediately a large crowd collected, mostly men, only a few women, to look at these strangers. Then they parted to allow a fresh influx of people. A procession arrived of older men with stately bearing, obviously their council of leaders. They arrayed themselves opposite the strangers and talked quietly among themselves. The others waited expectantly in the close press.
Chaiko watched the faces carefully. There was nothing hostile about them, but neither did they appear benign. A fresh commotion approached from the other direction, and again the ring parted to let in a small group, among them Dawn, Tara and Chandar. Chandar had the beginnings of a black eye, which made Chaiko wince.
Seeing Chaiko and Ushi unharmed, relief washed over Dawn’s face. In the circle of men, she dropped to her knees and addressed the leadership. “I am Doan, daughter of High-Eagle and Downy-Swan of the kintie of Otter, the branch of Ovid, asking...”
“If you are real Ekulan as you claim to be, then you should know to wait until you are asked,” rebuked one of the elders evenly, as a flat reminder, without any trace of feelings. Doan lowered her head in shame, and sat back on her haunches, awaiting their invitation. The elders then interrogated the leaders of the groups that brought them here, and conferred among themselves.
Chaiko, thinking it was time, took a step forward and instantly all attention swung over to him. Let them know I am leader here, not the others. Without any sign of concern he walked over to Dawn and placed his hand on her head. Dawn whispered from below, “Be careful, they can be dangerous ..”
“A daughter of Ekulan, lost in the Great-Fire, came back to greet her people and bring news of her survival to her family,” he said in a bold, clear voice. “She has found shelter among my people who live under the morning sky and hunt the bison that roam the wide valleys there.”
“I am shaman and can speak for my people,” he continued, trying to establish his credentials, remembering to keep his voice even and free of pride or boasting. “I bring you their greetings.” There was a murmur at his words, but no reply.
“The clan roam a land as far toward the sun as the Ekulan go north to follow the elk. And our numbers are as numerous as the number of elk you follow.” A fresh stir at this piece of news made him realize that he had uttered a veiled threat, but he nevertheless wanted to let them know there were multitudes behind them. At the moment he would have liked to have Tusk by his side.
“This woman is my mate,” he said, finally remembering the word, “and I was curious to see what manner of people are her kin.” He paused and looked about, trying to keep any challenge out of his eyes. He smiled, “With us, lineage is most important,” and he was about to add that he was reassured by their obvious nobility, but then recalled how a compliment could be double-edged, as it could easily turn into an insult. He quickly swallowed the words. Any compliment implied a judgment, and a judgment called into question its opposite.
He waited tensely, but nobody acknowledged his speech. Uncertainty welled up in him. Were they just going to sit there and ignore him? He scrutinized the faces but they remained carefully neutral, the thoughts well hidden behind the masks. The silence grew oppressive. Well if they won’t speak, he concluded, deciding to risk it, then I must.
“This man,” he pointed to Ushi, “has ranged farther to the east than where the sun rises.” He hoped to awaken their interest. “He wanted to look to the west, beyond the Ekulan, where the sun goes to rest. It is the spirit of the sun that moves him;” he thought to clarify that, as Ushi indeed was possessed of a driving wanderlust. The sun was an admitted spiritual force that had legitimacy even among the Elk, certainly much higher then the aspiration of a single man.
“This man is of the mountains to the east,” Chaiko said, pointing to Chandar. “He has tracked the bear and calls him brother.”
“This woman is a daughter to the Tolmecs, her father a friend to Toemain.” A shiver went around, so they had heard of Toemain at least. This was a calculated risk, for certainly the Tolmecs had few friends among their neighbors. But for now, he needed the prestige of their power, for these people did not seem overjoyed to see one of their own return. They certainly were even less enthusiastic over the rest of them.
Then he thought perhaps he had said enough already, since each word was more likely to get him into trouble than out of it, so he deemed it wise to stop. “I am Chaiko, shaman to these people here. She, Doan of Ekulan holds my son in her arms, and it is the right of sons to know their ancestry.” It was good to give their mission a clan requirement of sorts, which certainly would have more weight than just a personal purpose. They waited in silence, the strangers and all the assembled.
“The Ekulan know little of strangers,” a notable spoke finally, “and even less about people beyond the mountains, either to the east where the day begins or to the west where it ends. The Ekulan are people who live under the day-sky, between the rising and the setting sun.” He paused, and stroked his long white beard. A companion leaned over to him and whispered something in his ear. The venerable old man nodded. “I am reminded by advisors that an Ekulan is one who lives under the custom of the people and their ancestors. Not one who was merely born to it.”
Chaiko’s heart jumped loudly in his chest. Had they just dispossessed his mate? He looked at her; without permission to speak, she could not help him negotiate the tricky twists and turns of protocol. This was not how he had imagined this encounter. He took a sideways glance at the rest, and saw that Tara was starting to squirm. He smiled at her and she settled down again. Yes, the warrior-girl was responding to the indignity that had become obvious even to her. He took a few steps and walked around to the other side of Dawn. Perhaps it was impolite, but they must realize that he was not under their authority. He placed his hand on her head again.
“This daughter of the Ekulan kept all the tenants of her upbringing and the customs of my clan besides, and acted in good faith according to what she was taught. She relinquished her customs only when her mate so demanded. Or is it the custom of the Ekulan that the mate of a female is to be ignored by her?”
“It is the way of Ekulan that the woman must obey her mate, in all things,” came back the reply levelly, but gave no other indication of how Dawn’s supplication was considered.
A long silence followed, while the elders conferred in whispers. Then they turned towards them again.
“Her kin is farther to the north and will be here in two days. When they arrive the case of your mate will be considered. Until then you will stay near a flar assigned to you. An escort will be given, to protect you from the curious. Please do not leave the space given to you, as strangers are not considered friends among the Ekulan.” With that the audience was over and the intruders were escorted to their assigned place. In their wake, the crowd dispersed.
They were led to a spacious flar with four armed men on watch, certainly not a mere honor guard. They were finally allowed to talk among themselves. Chandar was highly indignant though he kept anger from coloring his voice, not wanting the guards to report some ill-mannered behavior to the higher ups. Tara was seething with anger, although courtesy toward strangers was hardly prized among the Tolmecs. Ushi remained quiet. He was not used to having someone translate, but judging by some of the faces around them, he was not sure if he wanted to know why they looked so morose.
“What is happening?” Chaiko asked Dawn, concerned about how she was feeling at the rejection she was facing from her own people.
“I do not know. You must remember that I was but a young girl, untaught in these things. I recognize only one among the elders, all the others are new to me. They seem most suspicious of us. We must wait until my kin are back to champion my cause.”
“Did I step on any toes?” he asked a little worried.
“No, you spoke very well. There were only a few phrases that were awkward, but understandable. I did not know you could speak my tongue so well.”
“I am a shaman,” he stated quietly but there was so much pride in his voice that she had to smile and bow her head to him in recognition. “Is there anything we can do?” he asked.
“Not until my kin are back,” she said, shaking her head; “until then we must stay here.”
A little later two men came and dumped all their belongings onto the ground, then left. Everything was there, the spears, Falcons unstrung in their traveling cases, the talons. Ushi, who checked the peculiar way he tied his bag, now said, “They did not even look inside. A smug bunch of people these are. They want to show that they are not afraid of us.” He looked at Dawn and asked, “I suppose there could be no mistake that these are your people?” Dawn shook her head no, no mistake. “I was afraid of that.”
Chaiko found he was enjoying himself. Certainly the audience stimulated him, making him think on his feet. He was normally a worrier, but what most people did not realize about a worrier was that he worried about something he could not see, but here the danger was palpable. So why bother to worry about it? Then he thought of the clan, Baer, Tanya, Lana and Crow and started to worry again.

By and large their hosts left them alone. There were always guards about, changed at regular intervals, but they were unobtrusive and kept out of the way. Their manner was certainly not hostile, and one could almost believe the pretext that they were indeed posted for their protection. There was no sign of aggression from any source at all. Occasionally a more curious person would venture within view, always careful not to stare or appear too obviously interested in them. As soon as they were noticed they would quietly disappear.
With nothing to do, the next two days dragged on relentlessly. For Chaiko, the idleness was an unexpected gift; he found some inner space and did some undisturbed contemplating, trying to think himself into their skins, to see with their eyes, to look beyond the politeness and watching every gesture carefully. He was reminded of the time when he and Dawn had just met, as he tried to figure her out. Back then, Dawn was so careful to avoid anything direct and communicated with vague references and oblique sayings, a roundabout way of talking. In teaching her the clan language they had traded word for word. She had been a quick learner, but there were times when her frustration built up and she would talk in Elk just to relieve the pressure. In those early days he loved to listen to the flow of her tongue, to its nuances. In time, more and more clan words insinuated themselves into the flow. Now, Chaiko was very pleased that so much of the language had stayed with him. In fact it was a bit of a surprise that he was able to talk so fluently in Elk. But then he had fallen in love with her, and everything that she said, that she did, was as if burned into his memory, clear and sharp like the sun that sparkles off the surface of a lake. Yes, Chaiko had reason to be pleased.
The rest were not so well disposed to suffer the idleness with like patience. Though Dawn filled her days playing with Yael, the others were growing increasingly restless. Ushi spent as much time as he could pumping Dawn for her language, soon acquiring a sizeable vocabulary of useful words which he was itching to try out. But every time he approached one of the hosts and tried to strike up a conversation they quietly backed away with a great show of politeness. In their way of thinking, strangers were hopelessly barbaric and any contact with them could leave one somehow feeling defiled. Dawn tried to explain their reluctance to Ushi, who did not take offence at their disposition, but was despairing of ever communicating if they were not going to talk with him. As the days passed, he grew increasingly morose. Not even some choice phrases, like “my uncle has a goitre ...” could tempt him into a better humor.
Tara overlooked the disdain of the Ekulan with a disdain of her own. But unlike them, she did not bother to disguise her feelings behind some polite mask. She glared fiercely back at them and they turned themselves inside out trying to avoid her piercing looks. At times, when a fresh group of onlookers came casually by to steal a look at these strangers, they would recoil at her unabashed delight in making them feel so ill at ease. They would soon retreat in great embarrassment and confusion, proving to themselves that barbarians were indeed an uncouth lot.
After a while the guards, who could not retreat from their post, got used to Tara’s scowling at them and started to amuse themselves by taking a step toward her every time she glowered at them. Soon they were crowding her, never overtly menacing, but near enough to generate some discomfort. After repeated applications, their strategy worked as Tara gave up challenging them.
Chandar remained quiet throughout. He watched Tara and resigned himself to the very real possibility of having to fight in earnest if Tara were to provoke some incident. Should it come to that, he resolved to fight with determination. In any case, he wanted to pay someone back for his black eye. When the guards started encroaching on them, he tensed to intervene, but then Tara backed off her dangerous play and the threat receded.
Food and water were brought at meal times in generous proportions: meat, roots, vegetables, nuts and fruit, just like clan food. The crabapples were fleshier, more juicy and sweet, and there was a larger variety of mushrooms available. Out of boredom, Ushi tried to eat even to the last morsel, but Dawn stopped him, saying, “It’s polite to leave some left over to show that the host was more than generous in providing food.”
“Maybe then they would bring more the next time,” was Ushi’s comment to her as he shrugged his shoulders, disinterested.
“If you eat it all, it would be a reproach to them, but would also reflect back on your poor manners. And on us all.”
“They got you both ways then, coming and going.” Ushi shrugged his shoulders again, but the principle was intriguing. He then tried to figure out how much was enough or sufficient. If he ate but one more nut and left so many, would that satisfy the form?
Dawn saw two girls, about ten years old, approach shyly from the side to take a look at the strangers, ready to bolt should anyone notice their presence. Dawn was careful not to look at them directly and frighten them away, but watched them in the periphery of her vision. Her eyes filled with a mist of tears as emotions constricted her throat because the girls reminded her of herself and her sister, always together, very close, not so many years ago. Ushi also saw them and called out to them with soft words he had learned. The girls froze for an instant, then darted away to disappear among the flars. Dawn was filled with sadness and longing for her sister. Where was her family? What was keeping them?
The next morning the fire was out. The wood they had used was soft, with little substance to keep it burning overnight even when properly banked. Dawn stirred the ashes carefully, looking for a hot spot but found none. A young woman, seeing their predicament, came over and brought them a burning branch. Dawn thanked her and received a shy question, “You are Ekulan?”
“I was born and raised here of Otter lineage of the branch of Ovid,” Dawn said quietly, keeping her face away from the guards. The two women made a great show of lighting the fire, but continued their surreptitious exchange of quiet words.
“Your family is still a day to the north, but they have been informed by runners,” the woman said, flashing a sideways look at Dawn.
“Thank you,” Dawn replied simply.
“You have a beautiful boy there,” the woman added to bridge the awkwardness.
“Thank you,” Dawn said again, her voice trembling at the first kind words from her people. This was not how she had imagined her homecoming!
“My name is Doe,” the woman quickly added, then withdrew.
Dawn was much encouraged by this brief contact and told Chaiko.
“Good, when your family is back then we can start talking again,” Chaiko concluded. “What is the protocol among your people for this?”
Dawn, however, had to admit ignorance. “I was too young and inexperienced to pay much attention to such things.” When he raised his eyebrows, she added quickly, “All such things are men’s concerns, not women’s.” He nodded in understanding but still, it would have been helpful to know beforehand what they would be facing. These people hid too much behind their polite reserve. He could see an occasional flash of feelings in the guarded eyes, but nothing substantial broke through to the surface. Chaiko found this isolation disconcerting. It was obvious that people had been told to stay away. “Told or ordered?” he asked Dawn.
“It is one and the same with them, is it not?” Dawn gave a most revealing reply.
A little later Chaiko decided that it was time to test the limits of their captivity. Telling the others to stay put, he rose and wandered off by himself. This caused a perplexed stirring among the guards, but they did not try to stop him. One shadowed him at a discreet distance. Thus Chaiko was able to weave through the camp unhindered, coming upon clusters of people much surprised to see him meandering so unconcerned among them. Chaiko came upon a hunter, busy skinning a deer hung by the hind legs from a limb of a walnut tree. “Fine skin,” Chaiko told the hunter conversationally, but the other could only gape at him in open-mouthed astonishment. He continued to walk about unhindered. No one came to stop him.
It was thus that Chaiko found himself in the open, central assembly place. He looked about undecided, then making up his mind, he strode to the center fire and sat down purposefully. This drew a small crowd that dispersed quickly when Chaiko stared at it. Only children stayed to watch him with big eyes full of curiosity. One even pointed a finger but the others quickly reprimanded him and chased him away for such ill manners.
“Sooner or later somebody will have to take notice of me,” Chaiko reasoned, but for a long time nobody did. Even his guard seemed content to have him just sitting there.
Finally a delegation approached. None of the notables of the previous occasion was among these, but from the respect they evoked, Chaiko guessed that they, too, were higher ups. They sat down, three younger men with carefully smooth, neutral faces. They gave a small bow from the waist which Chaiko returned. Silence followed this brief greeting and Chaiko looked from one impassive face to another.
“It might rain,” he said conversationally, knowing full well that it was unlikely to, but was answered by nods of agreement. “Or it might not.” Again they nodded. Yes, it was always safe to talk about the weather. Then they all shrugged their shoulders as if to say, “Who can do anything about the weather?” Same in all cultures, Chaiko observed. Again, silence followed this short exchange; they seemed willing to wait forever.
“My mate is an Ekulan and I would speak for her,” he tried as an opening. The others exchanged quick looks and conferred in undertones.
“You are a stranger among us,” the spokesperson said flatly as if stating a well known fact. “As a stranger you may not speak for an Ekulan. A stranger may speak only for a stranger.” He said this very deliberately, then looked at Chaiko intently. “Would you then speak on behalf of a stranger?”
Chaiko was immediately cautious. Were they trying to make him admit to some precedence? Were they not implying that he could speak on behalf of a stranger, Doan? Dispossessing her again? Careful!
“Her family will speak for her. I speak only as any man would about his mate. Or is such status among the Ekulan not recognised?”
There was again a brief consultation after which the person said with obvious reluctance, “Speak then as the mate of one who claims to be an Ekulan.”
There it was again! They were not going to acknowledge her birthrights. “When will her family be back from their sojourn to where the wind lives and the North Star makes its home?” Chaiko challenged. In spite of their smooth faces he marked an uneasiness creeping into their expressions, as they faced a man who spoke their tongue and knew much more about them than they did about him. He possessed protected information about their lives. Chaiko saw the faint traces of frowns breaking through their masks. Caution, he warned himself again.
“If the rain does not fall and swell the river with its waters, they will be here soon,” came the carefully worded reply.
“Soon?” Chaiko tasted the word on his tongue. “Soon?” he repeated.
“Soon,” it came back. The three then rose and with the rest of their retinue, withdrew. There was nothing for Chaiko to do but to return to his assigned flar. The others were greatly relieved to see him again, fearing the worst of their imaginings.
“What did you learn?” Ushi demanded right away. Chaiko told them briefly.
“Soon? How soon is soon?” Ushi worried the question, but Chaiko did not bother to reply.
Soon turned out to be two more days. Initially, all they were aware of was a heightened stirring in camp. It seemed that more people came to steal a look at them and there were increased numbers of guards in attendance. Ushi started to sniff suspiciously into the air. Dawn then pointed out how the people seemed to be drifting toward the meeting place. Again they intercepted more glances at them; there was something afoot! After the noon meal, a man of obvious rank and bearing came and politely asked for all of them to come with him. The clan rose somewhat apprehensively and made ready to follow, the guards falling in neatly behind them. Close to the centre of the settlement they encountered a throng of people that opened to let them through. After the isolation of the past days this was disconcerting: too many people too close together. When they were in the open middle, they were conducted to a place and bade to sit down. Chaiko seated himself in front, and directed Dawn to sit slightly behind him to the right, Ushi to his left, Tara and Chandar behind. He wanted to make sure his host understood that all communication was to go through him.
Opposite them was comfortable seating set up, as yet unoccupied. Chaiko had a quick look at the circle of people pressing all around. In contrast to their previous mien there was now open curiosity filling all the faces. It was as if they were being allowed to look collectively, but not individually. Curious, most curious; Chaiko made a note to himself to think more about it later.
After a suitable time of waiting, a fresh stir passed through the crowd as a group of older men arrived. “The Council of Elders,” whispered Dawn in a careful undertone. Chaiko gave her shoulders a gentle squeeze acknowledging that he had heard her and watched with renewed interest. So this was the wisest of the wise, the most learned and respected.
“We welcome the most venerable Council into our midst,” a tall imposing man, bedecked with many signs of rank and honor, declared in an official tone. The Elders inclined their collective heads in a modest gesture of appreciation.
“Your advice is required in a most confounding case that has come to us,” the headman continued. “It is claimed that a woman of Ekulan birth has come back and wants to be recognised again.” The man pointed at Dawn. “There she sits among the strangers, whom she brought into our land, and claims that she is mated to the one there in front.” Again he pointed. “We need to know what she has the right to ask of the Ekulan.” With a questioning flourish, he sat down.
One of the Elders, sitting in the most prominent place, asked in a voice that rang with surprising strength and resonance, “If she claims to be an Ekulan, she must have parents among us, or not?”
The crowd parted slightly on the side and a well built man strode into the open. He was followed by a wisp of a woman, who carefully kept behind him, her eyes cast down. “Father, mother,” Dawn’s whispered, her voice trembling lightly.
“If you are this woman’s father, speak. Is she your daughter?” the Elder demanded.
“She looks like Doan the daughter that was born to us,” the father said, his voice breaking with the strain.
“Do you then recognise her?” the Elder insisted.
“I... I find her looks to be very like Doan’s,” he stammered in confusion.
“Either she is or she is not,” the elder said not unkindly, though firmly.
“Your Honor.” The father stepped back, his hands extended, palms up in unconscious supplication. “The daughter I lost two years ago to the Great-Fire... we buried in our hearts and her name has not been spoken since...” his voice died, choked by emotions. A murmur of sympathy went through the crowd. The Elders again conferred.
“Take a good look at the woman there! Do you deny her?”
The father looked visibly shaken, turned back to the Elders and blurted out, “She might be a mischievous spirit tormenting us in the guise of my daughter that was...” The voice trailed off, helplessly.
Dawn began to cry softly and Chaiko squeezed her shoulders again. A parent who was too afraid to hope or even to trust the evidence of his eyes. He took a step forward and said, “Your Honor—” but was interrupted by an imperious gesture from the Head-Elder.
“Are you Ekulan?” the Elder almost spat at Chaiko who had to shake his head no. “What can a stranger tell the Ekulan about Ekulan matters??!” His voice was cuttingly cold. Chaiko bit his lips but remained silent as the Elder frowned at him forbiddingly.
“Well if the father cannot identify his daughter, perhaps the mother who gave birth to her can,” the Elder reasoned once again. “Step closer dear, and take a look. Tell us if that is the daughter you nurtured?”
The mother threw an agonised look in Dawn’s direction and stammered, “It is... is as my mate said... she looks like Doan... but... spirits...” and she stepped back.
The Elders looked puzzled among themselves, not quite sure how to proceed. Chaiko edged forward again but the Head Elder held up his hand. Chaiko grew furious. They were not going to let him speak at all on their behalf. Desperately he looked about for something to help him. His hand unconsciously went to Bogan’s tell mark. “Bogan. Bogan,” he called silently. “Think!” he commanded his mind.
Again Chaiko took a step and again the hand of the Elder flashed against him. Unexpectedly Chaiko placed his hand on a wooden ceremonial post beside him and loudly proclaimed, “It is understood that a Stranger may not talk and mix in Ekulan matters, but my people hold that the spirits of our ancestors sometimes hide in wood like this.” He knocked on the wood and continued, “So I will talk to them, seeing as I am part spirit already.” This time he knocked on his wooden leg. A stir again went through the crowd. His formulation had been awkward so they were not sure if he was claiming to be part spirit. How could one be a half spirit?
“Ancestors, Fathers,” he called out loudly with such compulsion that shivers of dread ran through the listeners. “I call on you. I, Chaiko of the Standing-Rock- Clan, the son of...” and he recited the line of his generations. He was halfway through this long list when the Head-Elder interrupted.
“Good, good,” he said with a tinge of sarcasm in his voice, “even wood must admit that you have a long and illustrious lineage...”
On hearing that, Chaiko immediately launched into his mother’s lineage, but was interrupted again, “And your mother’s too.”
Chaiko and the Head-Elder again locked eyes in a contest of wills. The Council did not intend to give him an opportunity to speak, but Chaiko was equally determined to get himself heard. He was glad he did not have to keep reciting any longer for he found it difficult to translate such rote learning into Elk.
He took a breath to continue, but the Elder headed him off. “Very well, before you beseech the spirits in the wood with your shouting, you would best speak to us.”
“Your Honor, all my people have the right to their ancestry. Every one of us is born into a family and inherits its bloodlines. It is these bloodlines that make us family, kin and friends. We, too, do not recognise strangers not of the blood, and we too, do not trust them.”
“So it is with us,” the Head-Elder nodded. He did not like when others talked too long in his presence. Time, his time, belonged only to him.
“So it is important for my son Yael, born of Doan of the Ekulan, to learn his inheritance. When he comes to me to ask who he is, what shall I say? That his mother was born of no people, for they have cast her off? Remember that in his veins also pulses the blood of Ekulan ancestry. My people say that blood will tell. It will then be a half a lie, for his Ekulan heritage is denied to him. When the father is left-handed, the son often is. When the mother has red hair the child often has.” Chaiko tried to think hard of any resemblance he had inherited from his father, but in the middle of a strange land, in the middle of an important speech, he realised with a profound shock that he could find no similarities. Later, think of that—later! “Will the Ekulan deny his birthright?” He paused. It had been a calculated risk. If they continued to say no, the matter would be closed, he suspected, with no redress, but he knew that the Ekulan recognised in children the unspoiled state of humanity, a fresh innocence that they revered and protected. In the manner of pretentious people, they idolised the unpretentious.
The Elder pondered for a while, then pronounced, “It is right and is the immutable law of nature that the offspring be recognised. Without such recognition the race would fail. Therefore, we can ask ourselves if the Ekulan can do any less?” The whole case hung on how that question was going to be answered. People held their breath and waited as the Elders considered some more.
“It would appear that the parents are blinded by the hurt of their great loss.” Motioning, he said, “Bring forth the brothers and the sisters. Let them see if she is their sister.”
Soon, a handful of people pressed forward. “Let each be given a red pebble and a white pebble. Let the white pebble mean yes, she is my sister and the red pebble be, no, she is not my sister. Do you understand?” The young people nodded as they accepted the two different colored pebbles. The Head-Elder flashed a look at a subaltern. “Bring forth a bag and let them make their choice.” And in short order, it was done. “Bring the bag to us!”
There was again great tension among the assembled as they shuffled excitedly trying to see inside the bag that held the stones. At a sign from the Head-Elder an official reached into the bag to pull out and hold up the first stone. A white stone! One yes! Another white stone, then a red followed by white again. The man with his hand in the bag smiled wickedly at his audience. He knew that he had them literally in the palm of his hand. He lifted his hand high and with tantalizing slowness opened his fingers to a glimpse of white. Four yes to one nay. The suspense grew unbearable. If the next stone was also white then the matter would be decided in Dawn’s favor. Alas it was not. Neither the next, nor the one that followed. The bag was empty and in front of the man were four white stones against four red stones. An incredulous gasp was forced from the crowd. Now what?
“It seems that the brothers and sisters are as unsure as their parents,” the Head-Elder said and then turned questioningly to the other council members. For a while, they debated among themselves amidst copious shrugging of shoulders and raised eyebrows.
Dawn looked hurt and confused. Who had voted yes? And who had denied her? Surely not Boar? Nor little Fire-Dancer? Her body shook from the tension and the disappointment. Chaiko worried about the child she carried, so wanting to protect them both. He stepped forward but the Head-Elder cast him a baleful look and pre-empted his words. “You, Stranger, have spoken enough for one day. Therefore hold your tongue as we shall all hold ours, since it is unwise to rush a decision on an empty stomach. We shall not speak out of confusion. We shall deliberate more on this tomorrow.” To the surprise of the multitude, the proceedings had consumed most of the afternoon. The Elders withdrew and the crowd dispersed, many still shaking their heads. The strangers were conducted back to their flar.
Ushi, Chandar and Tara had to be told about the particulars of the hearing. They had guessed at what was going on, by the gestures and tones of voice, but were surprised by the outcome.
“So that is what white and red meant,” Ushi exclaimed. He had never witnessed the like before.
Tara looked at Dawn speculatively. So the girl, too, had no family that recognized her and for the first time, she felt a kinship with her. Dawn was soothing Yael who was more than just a little restless, having been held motionless for the whole afternoon in such a tense atmosphere. Dawn looked up then and saw Tara looking at her. Still feeling downcast, nonetheless, Dawn smiled at Tara encouragingly and a flush of unexpected pleasure flooded through the warrior-girl, totally confusing her. Why should she feel that way?
As darkness stole into the late summer sky, they put more wood on the fire. For a time after they ate, Chaiko and Dawn discussed the unfolding events. Both were much dismayed at how difficult it suddenly all seemed. Both were reminded how simple it had been for Chaiko to return to the clan and what joy it had occasioned. Chaiko consoled Dawn but she was not overly upset, managing to remain composed. The decision was out of her hands, and a negative outcome would only speed their way back home. If they let us, Chaiko did not say.
Finally, when dew started settling, they retreated inside the flar and snuggled into their covers. Tara and Chandar did some groping, making snuggling sounds, but in the close confines, subdued themselves. Soon Ushi was snoring aloud.
Dawn turned restlessly from side to side. Though she had found some harmony again, the emotional drain of the day had made her overly tired and it was difficult to fall asleep. Chaiko hushed her and rubbed her back. “There is time enough to worry tomorrow.” He kissed her eyelids to shut them. “Now go to sleep. It will be all right. Do not worry.” Then he stayed awake half the night worrying and arguing their case.

Chapter 9
The next day did not bring the hoped-for resolution to their dilemma. In fact the meeting did not even reconvene. Instead, a middle-aged man appeared introducing himself as ToTo and claiming to have been sent by the Council.
“Sent for what?” Chaiko asked, looking at the man.
“To explain,” said the other through a disarming smile.
“To explain what?” Chaiko demanded somewhat more pointedly.
“Everything,” ToTo replied in good-natured acceptance of the other’s rising irritation.
“Then explain away,” Chaiko invited him as he and Dawn settled down to listen. The man smiled engagingly. He was a most peculiar person for an Ekulan. He did not hide behind a frozen expression and his eyes twinkled with amusement.
“Most of my kind are wary of contact with strangers. Strangers have odd customs and even odder habits. You touch a stranger and you are sullied for life. A man who crosses the river should not be surprised if he gets wet.” The man laughed a short, explosive laugh. “But you see, it is too late for me. As a young man I talked with a stranger and opened myself to strange influences then, so I cannot become more tainted than I already am.” He laughed again, in full enjoyment of his peculiar position. Mysteriously he added, “That is why they sent me.”
“To explain ...” Chaiko prompted the man.
“Yes, to explain.” He screwed up his face into a grimace and looked at his two listeners through narrow slits. “You cannot win your suit on merit. They had already decided and the judgment was a foregone conclusion. They, the Elders, wished not to talk with strangers,” and he looked pointedly at Chaiko, “nor with those that brought strangers into their midst,” and he looked at Dawn.
“But he saved my life,” Dawn protested.
ToTo nodded approvingly but, at the same time, shrugged his shoulders regretfully. “A good deed adds to a good deed, that is true, but a good deed cannot cancel out a bad. The fact remains that you have brought strangers into the land, talked of our ways and taught them the secret of our speech. Perhaps you even sold our spirits to them?” A little more harshly, even accusingly, he continued, “It is no wonder your father disavowed you and turned his back on you. Who would want a traitor for a daughter, a stranger for family, and a brat spawned of a union not sanctioned either by family or kin?!” The indignation flashed from his eyes.
“I was mated according to the fine clan customs of his people,” Dawn protested weakly. Chaiko remained quiet, though it cost him a great deal to do so; he had to find out what this man was all about. What was his message of explanation?
“The clan? Who then is this clan? Are they some far-off barbarous people who live beneath overhanging rocks? Who paint their faces to hide behind?”
“Those are Tolmecs,” Chaiko objected stiffly, his hand reassuringly on Dawn. “They are not clan.”
“Clan? Tolmecs? Bah!” the man said peremptorily. “To us, all are strangers!”
“When a stranger meets another stranger should he not ascertain the intent of the other before rushing to judgement?” Chaiko tried to reason.
“The Ekulan know who they are. It is the stranger that is out of place, like fish on land.”
These people are so blinded by themselves, Chaiko thought. Aloud he said, “When an eagle swoops out of the sky with talons extended, strikes the water to pluck a fish from beneath the surface and with powerful strokes lifts itself and its burden into the air...”
“So?” ToTo asked mystified.
“Through no fault of its own, that fish is also out of the water.”
The man blinked in confusion, not sure how things fit together anymore, though he remembered that it was he who had first mentioned fish.
Chaiko’s eyes bore into his. “Through no fault of her own, Doan was separated from her people by the Great-Fire. She found shelter in clan lands. Thus did an Ekulan become a stranger and was better treated than any stranger among the Ekulan.”
The man merely shrugged his shoulders without any apology. “Such is the way of the Ekulan.” He then looked pointedly at Dawn, “And if you are one of us, you know that.” Dawn lowered her head contritely and nodded in agreement. “One is an Ekulan who keeps its customs and lives under its laws and submits to proper order, authority and courtesy,” he bore down on her and again she had to nod in agreement.
Anger was rising in Chaiko rapidly. He had heard enough and was not going to allow any more browbeating of his mate. “ToTo...” he hissed at the man, who turned toward him and hurriedly held up a hand to ward of the torrent that was coming. “I know, I know... but you must realise the impossibility of what you ask.” Then he pointed to Dawn. “Ask her. As a true daughter of Ekulan she would have to refuse her own request. See, she knows.” Chaiko looked at Dawn who, with a pained gesture, confirmed what the man had said. “Indeed, were she to do otherwise, it would prove she was no true Ekulan.”
This conclusion left all three scratching their heads. Chaiko felt a headache building as he beat his head against this fresh impasse. “Then there is no way,” he stated with growing finality, but just when he was about to accept the inevitable, the man showed some sign of yielding.
“Maybe yes,” and he put a finger to his mouth. “As I said the Council was bent on refusing all your requests, but did not reckon with you speaking, or much less with you being heard by all the assembled. Your words stirred up too much sympathy for your cause especially when you talked of the rights of sons to know their heritage. The Elders could no longer dismiss you with a straightforward no. You should not have talked you know,” and ToTo shook his finger in Chaiko’s face. “No, the Council could look just, or even strict and forbidding... but it could not look to be without compassion. Wisdom must always be tempered with compassion and judgement softened by pity. So indeed they had an uneasy riddle to solve.”
“Well, did they? What did they decide?” Chaiko asked.
“As strangers we could not tolerate you. Quite impossible. But ...” he raised his forefinger for emphasis, enjoying the sudden drama of the coming climax, “they could invite you! That would make you Guests. A rare, rare privilege, to be sure, but an honest one. Most importantly, you would be strangers no longer. There are precedents for this in our history and we know them from teaching tales.” ToTo enjoyed the dawning pleasure of their reaction. “Make no mistake, this does not make you Ekulan but invited guests with a right to be among our people. You may then conduct your business and having done so depart on your way. The sooner the better, the Council advises.” He sat back self-satisfied with the conduct of his explanation. Chaiko regarded him with a mixture of feelings; ToTo could have told them of this ruling right away, instead of dragging them through the humiliation of the preamble. But then, they had been given status, status enough to stay for a while so Chaiko let go of his resentment. There were things ahead that needed their attention more. Dawn was beaming as she realised that they would be allowed to stay.
It occurred to Chaiko that ToTo for all his posturing was the most forthright Ekulan he had yet met, full of useful information, ready and even willing to talk. He hazarded the question, “Why did not her parents acknowledge Dawn ... Doan?”
ToTo considered the question for a while then had a question of his own. “Who knows what goes on in the heart of a parent who has suffered the loss of a dear child, only to be told two years later that she is actually alive and lo, there she is? What would you say? Welcome daughter? Sorry we left you there? Alone?” There was unmistakable pathos in the voice. “Besides among us the girl leaves her parents to join a new family of her mate and henceforth the old family has no claim on her.” Then he looked narrowly at Chaiko and said, rubbing his chin, “Then again, you did not bring back a daughter, to our way of thinking, you brought her back used and despoiled. Unintended though it might have been, fate marked her with dishonor. Her womb was already opened; a child brought into the world. The first fruits have already been plucked. The most she could hope for among us would be to mate a widower. No family would be quick to claim that.”
Chaiko nodded through the reasoning but privately thought, what an unfeeling people. The other must have read his expression for he added with quiet intensity, “Ah, but they did not challenge your right of claim to her, as they could have done. They waived theirs so yours would not be challenged. You see, in our eyes, they have a prior claim, as there was no permission granted to you. Had they not done so... their right would have superseded yours.” ToTo cocked an eyebrow at him and Chaiko had to admit it was a new thought. “All things considered,” ToTo added, “a most wise solution by the Elders. It allows you and your mate to not change what is, but to avoid even the appearance of a conflict between you and the Ekulan.” ToTo then took a few steps away, stopped then turned. “Oh, you and those with you are free to be at large, free to stay or go. Free to see whomever you wish. Remember the courtesies.” Then he hurried off to disappear among the cluster of flars. Chaiko looked after him a long time; a most unusual man, one touched by a stranger.
As they were alone again, Dawn whispered to Chaiko, “Mate, it is good that the turtle has such a hard shell that all insults just bounce off him,” and she gratefully squeezed his hand for the patience that was sorely tried by such a chain of misadventures.
“And what about Dawn?” he asked, looking sideways at her, smiling.
“You know by what small crack the light of dawn steals into the sky to prevail. So it was with me. But it was a tight squeeze.” Only then did Chaiko realise they had talked with each other in Elk. He shook his head in wonder that the language should come to him so easily, flowing without much of an effort. I must think of this too, he reminded himself, of a much longer list.
When they told the others that they were free to wander through the camp, Ushi was all set to rush off exploring. Chaiko told him to sit, then gave them all a lecture about proper conduct and deportment around the Ekulan. How important manners were and so on. At times he instructed even Dawn, who had to stifle a smile, till he tailed off in sudden realisation. The others nodded, somewhat absently, which made Chaiko frown; to him it was incomprehensible how people could let good advice just slip away, half-heard.
When no one was looking, Ushi melted away. He had been earnestly learning the language of the Ekulan and the words threatened to explode out of him if he could not find an outlet soon. Tara and Chandar walked about, but only nearby, within sight of their flar. They did not want to be too far from someone who could understand them.
Chaiko asked Dawn what she would like to do, reminding her that they were now free to do it. She thought a while, her face at times sad, reflecting the conflict that fate had posed for her. Her family had rejected her, had they not? “I would like to see Fire-Dancer and her... child.” Chaiko was glad of the play of emotions on her face, most un-Ekulan, he concluded.
“We will do that first thing tomorrow,” Chaiko declared, giving everyone time to adjust to what would be coming next.
Around midday Doe came over and the two women formally introduced themselves. There was an instant affinity between them. They were the same age, Dawn still slim in spite of her condition, whereas Doe was pleasantly plump. A little later Dawn pointed Doe out to Chaiko. “Is she not beautiful?” she enthused, “So round and soft. Truly a man could sink into her arms!”
Chaiko diplomatically agreed with her. It was good to remember all these little things that together made up a culture.
The two women talked excitedly with each other. To Doe, Dawn was an exotic creature with an exotic retinue, and her eyes drank in the sight of her. The words bubbled out of Dawn: this was the first true opportunity, apart from conversation with Chaiko, to talk in her mother tongue, and it was such a relief to do so now. It had been very hard for her to be forced to sit and be silent while her fate was being discussed and debated and not be able to speak a word. Yes, the words gushed out of her, bringing back the carefree world of childhood; she felt as if released because she did not have to search for words, for they were on her tongue without an effort. She did not have to be careful of being somehow insulting... inadvertently. Yet, in this happy flow, clan words intruded, grow-up words like responsibility, authority, right and status. Words only an adult would know while a child could take their implication for granted.
Chaiko heard the change in Dawn’s voice, colored by the excitement, suddenly full of a—how would he put it— a carefree quality. He looked in surprise at his mate, and saw how the unguarded youthful excitement became her. When she looked his way, he was so struck by the sparkle in her eyes, the ring in her voice that he knew he was seeing and hearing the child Dawn had been. He felt suddenly sad for them both, for the child that was in their past was a stranger to both of them. But maybe Dawn could find a way to bring that child into the present, was that not what this trip was all about? If she could, then maybe he could. He searched for the child he had been and found a gangly youth running in the field, just a distant, very distant shadow, barely familiar. Most strange was the fact that his memory had legs. He shook himself, but strangely the image of his friend Crow was sharp in this look-back. He hoped that Crow was all right, and the whole clan too. He looked into the sky as if hope were to be found there but saw only birds flying in the sparkling air, among them an eagle. He then remembered the eagle he had sent to tell Dawn about their coming and wondered what really had happened. Dawn had told him that an eagle had come, but the same eagle he had sent? Seemed impossible. Then he reprimanded himself. People hold that you have magic and they believe it so why don’t you? Use your magic now. How can a child learn without trying? How can he learn to walk without first standing? If you are looking for spiritual powers perhaps you had best search where they are likely to be. Sure it was comfortable for Chaiko search the ground he was familiar with, but what if he had been searching in the wrong places all along, as if he were looking for fish in the air? Ridiculous, reason told him, but still...
He looked skyward again and in the wheeling of birds, found the eagle and concentrated on it. His lips mouthed a silent command. “Fly eagle fly, east by east, across the mountains, over the plain, then over the river flowing from east to west, then turn south till smoke will lead you to the hilltop, where you will find the clan. Tell them we are safe...” He then let go of the thought, mentally casting it. The bird remained motionless, high up in the sky, just a speck of dust in the air. “Ah well,” Chaiko sighed, letting go of the hope—Well, what did he expect? But when just a little later he looked, the eagle was further to the east and still further when he looked again. Could it really be? he asked himself, his heart hammering. He watched the bird, trying to judge its track. The bird was so high up that he seemed suspended motionless in the broad sky and only in intervals was Chaiko able to perceive his progress. Finally, the speck disappeared far to the east. Once again, the spirit world had left for him a puzzle. If this time, too, the bird obeyed... well he would just have to wait to see what Baer reported.

Ushi came back, pleased with his exploits, but he only shared with them a little. “These people prize softness in their women. Doubtless therefore I have met the most beautiful woman in all the Ekulan. Her arms were bigger than my legs together and her thighs about the size of my torso. When she spoke her whole face jiggled but her voice was like ringing in my ears.” The trader, who had traveled wide and far and had seen many wondrous things, shook his head, marveling.
“That is Vaka!” Dawn exclaimed delightedly as she clapped her hands together. “She is renowned for her beauty and softness. It is rumored that an early lover of hers sank into her and disappeared, never to be seen again.”
“People should be muscle hard, tough, both inside and out,” Tara said, shuddering as the image painted of Vaka did not sit well with her.
“Did you touch her?” Chandar inquired, in spite of himself intrigued in the way of men, thinking what it be like to be on top of a mountain of flesh.
“No I did not, though I could have. But there was so much of her to touch,” Ushi replied, still wonderstruck.
Their evening meal was full of many delicacies, as throughout the afternoon a veritable procession of Ekulan came bearing little gifts, uttering some formula of greeting and well wishes. Chaiko had an impression that they were being paid this way for the amusement they provided. Strangers were unheard of among the Ekulan, guests just a little less so. They seemed most satisfied upon discovering Chaiko’s wooden leg. See, strangers are strange, their eyes said, though their expressions never varied from the polite.
“This is good.” Chaiko praised the taste of some sweet thing in his mouth. “I wonder what it is?” He showed a clump of it to Dawn who looked and flashed a smile at him. “It is roasted grub rolled in ground walnut and honey paste with seasoning of, of ... kime.” She did not know the clan word for that herb. “It is good, is it not?” But Chaiko was no longer sure and the mouthful was hard to get past his throat. It would have been better if she had pretended not to know, he grumbled to himself; she knew he hated grubs.
After the meal an old man came assisted by several men. Dawn cast herself on the ground and touched her forehead to the soil in reverence. “Tamarak,” she whispered to the rest, “the wisest of the Ekulan. A holy man. An Eku!”
Tamarak was old, his face hidden by many lines, but his eyes were alert with shining intelligence. He spoke in a measured, soft voice, strangely aspirated in the manner of toothless old men. “In the old days, when I was young, I walked a large part of this world. I saw many things. Heard of many things. But now, old as I am, I must suffer the world to come to me.” And he flashed his eyes at the world before him. “What manner of people are you?”
Chaiko told the man of the world beyond, of the clans and even of the Tolmecs; his people’s customs, their beliefs and the animals they hunted; and even his personal story, more in fact than he had intended, but it was hard to resist the old man’s hunger to know and to learn. Besides, he himself hoped to learn something from the Eku, after all they were in the same business.
Finally when Chaiko was finished and the old man thought a bit, he spoke. “It is interesting how the world that we live in shapes us, and how we in turn shape the world. You hunt the bison and speak to its spirit. We hunt the Elk and speak to its soul. You live in clans and we live in rowes, a kinship group of families. Yet we follow the elk, whereas you wait for the bison to come to you. I wonder what would happen if the animals would not come at all... but then last year they nearly did not.” The man paused probably wondering why he already had almost forgotten last year. But then he had to care for so many years of memories. Chaiko looked with reverence at the man who carried so much of the knowledge of the Ekulan in his head. Sadness filled him as he observed the Eku’s frailty and guessed there were not too many years left to him. What will happen to all that knowledge that the man had acquired? Go out like the last flame of a fire, ashes warm for some time, giving comfort, but the inspiration and glow gone. Bogan, Bogan. Why didn’t I live in your time so I could have known you? He forced himself back into the present because the wise man was asking him something.
“How come you speak our language so well?”
“My mate is an Ekulan, born and raised in the customs of your people. She is...” he stopped himself from saying “wise,” “...knowledgeable in your ways.”
“Not so. You speak it from the inside. It is easy to learn to say a word for a word in a different tongue, stringing them together meaningfully, but it is hard to think like the other and let the words flow. It is hard indeed.” His bright eyes were focused speculatively on Chaiko. “You must indeed be an Eku, a shaman as you claim.” The old man looked far off toward the horizon. “I wish I still had the years to learn another tongue but it takes all my energies to safeguard what I already know. These,” he indicated the men with him, “would learn what I can teach them.” Chaiko bowed to the men politely and they returned the gesture.
“Knowledge is a precious thing,” Chaiko said reverently. The two men looked at each other, the old and the young, sharing a kinship that genuinely cared for the knowledge wrested from the confusion of their world. The others felt in awe of it, but still did not know the power and value of that knowledge.
“My people believe that all knowledge can be found beyond the Rainbow Gate,” Chaiko said. “Unfortunately no one has yet found a way to it.”
“The Ekulan hold that the wisdom is all around us, hidden from view, but there nonetheless—if one looks. A secret is no longer a secret once revealed. Some look to the stars to find knowledge, we call them stargazers, others seek to talk with the spirits to seek answers. I find wisdom in searching for it.”
“So true. All around us are secrets hiding in the familiar, just waiting to be discovered.” Chaiko was thinking of Falcon, how he had stumbled across it when he was looking for something else. “I have seen more than most, and it puzzles me that this sight was given to me so young.” Unconsciously he was stroking Bogan’s tell-mark around his neck.
“In my opinion age has little to do with it. As you tell it, your search began with your pain when you lost your leg. It made you question even the obvious… I wish more people did that.” The Eku looked at his retinue and Chaiko had the impression he was assessing their hunger… a real thirst for knowledge, not just for prestige.
After that exchange the old man rose to take his leave, the others hurrying to assist him. He said yet as if in blessing, “Ekua amate cao retane oloe ka mateo rafa.” Then he turned to go, and Chaiko had a sense that it was the last time he would see the man. He sent a strong wish of comfort and thankfulness. The old man paused and looked back, his face bright and energized. But what was there left to say that had not been said already?
Straightening from his posture of reverence Ushi asked, “What did he say? What were his last words?” He had sensed a treasure there.
Dawn translated with great care and precision, “Be a shining light, so that others may find you in the darkness wherein they dwell.”
“Did he say that to Chaiko?” the trader wanted to know.
“Yes,” said Dawn, her eyes glowing with pride at her mate. Privately, Chaiko thought that the man had addressed Bogan through him. But it all was too confusing. How could he be a light in darkness when darkness so often confounded him?
It had been a beautiful day that was drawing to a close. The guests were sitting around the fire enjoying the many delicacies given to them by the curious throughout the day. With a groan Ushi rubbed his stomach. “No more,” he moaned, declining a further offer from Dawn.
Chandar laughed. “At Lesser-Bear there is always space for one of these,” he said stuffing a honey dipped dried plum into his mouth. Tara poked him in the stomach playfully and he belched involuntarily.
Ushi laughed, “And now you have even more room to stuff yourself. Would you like me to help you make some more?” And he lunged toward the younger man threatening to punch him in the belly. Out of instinct, Tara grabbed her stout stick and held its butt-end a hair-breadth from his throat, ready to break his windpipe. Her eyes were blazing with instant fury that reminded them that she was a warrior-girl called Fierce in her language. But as the surge faded, to her surprise Tara found that Dawn had grabbed the staff and held it fast. Angry at herself for being such a fool, Tara jerked it back but to her shock, Dawn didn’t let go. Tara put more strength and leverage into it, but Dawn still held on, shushing to calm the infuriated girl. Slowly, the fire went out of Tara’s eyes, her grip relaxed and Dawn let go of the staff. Ushi made apologetic, contrite sounds in his throat and looked so miserable that even Tara had to relent and smile. But she remembered how strong the slip of a girl had been. Are all the Ekulan as strong as her? she asked herself.
The atmosphere eased after the laughter that followed, but still, everyone remained vigilant. It was not good to turn your back on a lioness or give the warrior-girl some cause to unleash her protective reflexes. Yes, they were more subdued after that.
In the greyness of dusk, a solitary figure emerged from the edge of the flar-site, pausing to look at the guests uncertainly. Dawn rose to invite the newcomer as politeness required.
“Please approach,” Dawn offered; “Take a place by the fire. Share our company.” She hesitated, peering at the figure, trying to decide whether the wrap hid a male or a female. The protocol of the invitation now depended upon knowing that fact. With decidedly female grace the arms reached up and turned down the soft skin wrap, to reveal a soft cascade of hair that sparkled with coppery highlights in the reflected firelight.
“Fire-Dancer!” The name was ripped out of Dawn in surprise, joy mixed with pain. For a few heartbeats, the world froze for the two of them. Then they leapt for each other into a fierce embrace, pressing in and pulling on one another, as if two halves that had been torn apart could be made whole again. “I had to come,” Fire-Dancer said, lips trembling. Then their tears started to flow, making speech impossible.
The others, too, were speechless. The younger sister, it flashed through Chaiko’s mind. Ushi was on all fours ready to leap; he understood only the word “fire” in Elk, but could not find the context. Tara sprang to her feet, and for the second time that night, held her staff extended against some undefined threat. Chandar was right behind her, his hand on her shoulder, to gentle her. In a sudden flash of awareness, Chaiko saw them all: Dawn with her sister, still sobbing in each other’s arms; Ushi trying to make sense of things, as orienting himself was very important to him; Tara, her lightning quick reactions getting ahead of her understanding; Chandar, just as quick to soothe her into peace again. To the shaman everything was in wonderfully crisp focus, beyond which the rest of the world just disappeared.
The two women still held onto each other, both crying and laughing at the same time. Dawn tenderly stroked Fire-Dancer’s hair, as she pressed her head against Dawn’s bosom and hugged her vehemently. Dawn lifted the girl’s chin and through the tears, the two sisters gazed at each other. The last time they had been together they were still girls, but now, they were both mothers, the smoothness of their faces overlaid by a watchfulness that mothers develop who have children to look after and protect. They smiled at each other as the feelings became bearable again. “Come, meet my man,” Dawn said, leading Fire-Dancer back to the fire.
“This is Chaiko, my mate and shaman of my clan. And that bundle there is Yael, our son. Sleeping of course.” Her voice conveyed pride, possessiveness and a sense of unmistakable satisfaction. All the pain and anguish of losing a family, of being alone, of the uncertainty of new people, balanced by two small words: Chaiko and Yael. In the measure of her life, joy and contentment had been balanced against fate. But then, questions spilled out of Dawn. “How is your child, and Broken-Claw? Father and mother? Boar and Bear? ...”
“My child? He has grown big and strong. Broken-Claw is just the same. Father has grown older. Mother is almost all grey. Losing you... was much pain. For all... of us.” The words threatened to get stuck in her throat again. “Short-Boar? Hoar-Bear is now mated to Half-Moon. Do you remember her?”
“The girl with the round cheeks?”
“Yes. They have a girl already. They named her Doan... after you,” Fire-Dancer added unnecessarily. “So that your name could live on.” As her senses gradually returned, she became aware of the others. She darted quick, inquisitive looks that lingered not too long, in the manner of the Ekulan.
Dawn, seeing her sister’s glances, quickly introduced her to the rest. “This is Ushi who has traveled from one end of our world to the other, and now beyond. Take heed that you not believe everything he tells you.” Ushi bowed formally from the waist, a big smile on his face. “And this beautiful girl is Tara, a fierce Tolmec warrior mated to Chandar. He comes from the land of mountains and bears.” They too bowed, sensing an introduction.
“Welcome to our... land,” Fire-Dancer murmured in response, a little confused as the formula was ‘welcome to our fire,’ but this was not her fire. She found it very disconcerting that all these people, even her sister, were looking so intently at her, not hiding their curiosity.
After Chaiko motioned to the others surreptitiously, they made leave-taking gestures and murmurs and withdrew, to let the two sisters have time and space to talk. Chaiko lay down, still within earshot, hugging Yael to him. The boy whimpered a little but did not wake up. Chaiko listened into the night to the two sisters talking, filling in a time that was lost to them.
“Father, Eagle-on-High, is now second in command of the rowe and chief hunter. Mother Downy-Swan was named see-er, as she can see things and interpret dreams. Short-Boar now has two sons; one loud and brash, the other quiet. Broken-Claw is not called that anymore, he is called Hollow-Tree, but I will tell you about that later.” And so it went, bits and pieces of news about all of them. Then Dawn told her story briefly, sweeping away time as autumn wind the fallen leaves. Still, Chaiko was touched by her pride and regard for her new home.
Then they stopped and awkward silence built between them. It was so good to see each other but there were also many painful wounds hidden there.
“Why...?” Dawn’s voice faltered, but she took a breath and tried again. “Why did not father ... and mother acknowledge me in front of the Elders?” The pain was raw, hard to speak of. Chaiko covered his ears in sympathy, but then he strained to listen.
“Because he... he at first could not believe what they were telling him about you being alive. He just shook his head and said the others were dreaming. Not until Silver-Thorn-on-Bush said that he himself saw you, in the flesh, and that it was you... and then he had to believe. But then he and mother did not know what to do. It was told you had a mate and a child, strangers both. Strangers! That was hard on both of them. That they were strangers also made you a stranger. And no stranger was ever welcome among the Ekulan and indeed what have strangers ever brought but trouble? So, to claim you would have meant ripping you from them. For without their approval and the permission of the rowe, your mate was no mate in reality, but a thief that had stolen a daughter regardless of how he found her. Do you see? Surely you see that and understand?” Fire-Dancer begged her sister anxiously. Dawn took hold of her sister’s hands and kissed them, then asked her to go on.
“Father asked counsel of the rowe, but Greying-Owl has grown fat and senile and nothing useful could be gotten from him. So we tarried until we could think of a solution. We were afraid that the Council could even order the death of him and your child if we made our claim. We just did not know what to do. Then we were summoned to attend at High Council and we had to go but father still could not decide. Finally it was mother who suggested that father look, and if you appeared unhappy and abused to claim you. But if you looked happy and content, then not.” Fire-Dancer exhaled her breath, releasing with it some of the tension and uncertainty of that occasion. Dawn shivered with the emotions warring within her.
“So father went before the High Council and as he later told us, he could not tell whether you were happy or sad, but dared not take your chance away. Mother also not. She said you looked worried, but was reassured inside when she heard your man speak so well and stir the crowd up so and win their sympathy. I heard it too, but I have never heard anyone defy the Council so. I was trembling all the time.” And indeed she was trembling now.
“When they called us, brothers and sisters, and members of the family, I nearly died of fright. Never had I cause to go before the Council. Then they told us to choose and gave us the stones. Hoar-Bear wanted to throw them in their faces and claim you by voting yes, but not so Short-Boar. He said, we must vote yes and no, as did our parents. No, so your claim on your mate and child could stand, but Yes to show you support. I could only vote yes, yes, yes!” With that she held out her hand and opened her fingers to show Dawn a red stone which she had kept. The two sisters embraced and cried again. In the low murmur of their voices Chaiko fell asleep. When he later awoke to a starry sky, all was quiet and still. Raising himself on an elbow, he looked about. Beside Dawn there was a fresh bundle as the two sisters were still holding onto one another. Chaiko thought of Baer, and fully understood how Dawn felt. It took him a while to turn his mind to other thoughts. What must he do? Tomorrow, they would meet her parents and family. It was important that he make a good impression for Dawn’s sake.
Then he mulled over their status. Officially, they were only guests of the Ekulan. Invited by the High-Council, so forced into the courtesy. It had not been Chaiko’s doing, but the outcome was nonetheless made possible by the fact that he had acted and spoken to arouse such sympathy that the Council had to yield. Just like when he acted to avoid the war with the Tolmecs. He had not won there either, not directly at least, but his actions had made peace a possibility.
So tomorrow they would meet her family who, officially, were not her family. They had given her up, so that he, Chaiko could have her. The spirits of his ancestors must indeed be protecting him even so far from home. If he could only find a way to them and to spirit power... then he would be the shaman he aspired to be. “Be a shining light...” the Eku had said, but who was going to be light for him? Bogan? Yes! For Bogan was light enough for anybody.

Chapter 10
The next morning after a hasty meal, Fire-Dancer led Chaiko, Dawn and Yael to the edge of the camp where the rest of the family had set up camp after their summons by the High Council. The two girls walked hand in hand, loath to let each other go. Their mood was buoyant and the looks that passed between them sparkled with joy and love. The anguished emotions of the night before had burned themselves out and both were free of the hurt, released from the weight of events neither had control over. It was enough for the moment to be together again. Chaiko could see they were sisters, for they had the same graceful movements and lightness of steps. Now, as they walked side by side, laughing, they reminded each other that they were dancers and their movements became even lighter and more exuberant, a spring in every step. Chaiko was thunderstruck, never having seen his mate so young, as if her childhood had been given back to her. Chaiko carried Yael and his limp seemed even more awkward and clumsy in the wake of so much grace.
People, out on early morning tasks, watched them pass and nodded to themselves. The Guests. The unacknowledged daughter going to claim her family again. They were all part of the same charade, pretending that she was not born of them, that the girl had no family, but knowing all the same that she was on her way to see them. Good! If strangers can become guests then a lost child can become a daughter again, and all of them would overlook it even as the Elders had. Yes, their hearts had been touched: though the mind should rule the body and emotions, compassion should always rule judgment.
The four of them passed through the outer ring of flars, then through the swirl of smoke from the morning fires. Yael struggled in Chaiko’s arms, tired of being held, wanting to run himself. “Shhh. Shhh,” Chaiko quieted his son, bouncing him up and down to distract him from his intent. Yael chortled in delight at this, and began jumping up and down on his own. His mother looked back and flashed them a smile. The boy was growing strong and was slippery, nearly squirming out of Chaiko’s arms.
Ahead, by a strand of young saplings, three flars stood together, slightly aside from the rest. A fire burned in the foreground sending thick smoke swirling among the people seated there. At the sight of them, Fire-Dancer stopped abruptly and so did Dawn, causing Chaiko nearly to run into them.
“Doan!” a shriek sounded in front of them and the shapes by the fire sprang up and surged toward them. “Doan! Doan!” reminded Chaiko that she was called Soft-Water in their tongue. At a distance of a few steps they stopped and looked with great longing at the two sisters. “Doan ke teo rari?” Is it really you? But Dawn could not reply for she was struck speechless. How often had she dreamed of this very moment? How often had she cried for just this instant? It was Fire-Dancer who had to speak for her. “Yio, shehome keti?” - Yes, Can’t you see?
A white-haired man came forward—one hesitant step. Chaiko recognized Dawn’s father from his short presentation before the Council. His mouth was trembling and tears were flowing down his cheek. “Atteo... atteo,” Dawn cried and with one jump was beside him, took both his hands and pressed them to her cheeks, then covered those same hands with kisses. The man took hold of his lost daughter and folded her in his arms tenderly. A woman soon joined them, extending a faltering hand. “Mati!” Dawn called, drawing the woman into their embrace. Then the rest flooded in, pressing in on them, all talking at once. The center of this storm left Chaiko and Yael out, with just Fire-Dancer standing beside them, quiet and content, her face abeam with shared pleasure.
It seemed to take a long time for each to be reassured, for each to greet a returning member of the family. With all crying, it was hard to figure out who was consoling who and how so many tears could flow through all the smiles and laughter. That must be Short-Boar, the eldest, Chaiko guessed, seeing the broad-chested man fight his way into the middle to lift his sister into the air as if she were but a feather, doubtless as he had done many times when she was just a little girl. Chaiko heard Dawn squeal in pleasure combined with a little girl’s dread while being swept off her feet. That must be Hoar-Bear he reasoned, for in his face, more than in any others, he could see the features of his mate: the shape of the eyes, the brows and cheekbones and the cast of his nose. Only the lips looked different. His were thick, hers gracefully slim, most often serious, but not now, stretched into a warm smile as she was passed from hand to hand. And who could that fellow be, Chaiko wondered, maybe joined to one of the other daughters. There seemed to be many of them. Eight had voted, yet he knew from Dawn’s telling there were only six true brothers and sisters.
“Come.” Fire-Dancer drew him aside with very gentle hands and led him to a post by the fire whereon hung a waterbag. He drank then gave some to Yael, splashing a little on his face to wash the grime off. “You must be made presentable,” he whispered to his son, “to meet all your relatives.” Yael chortled delightedly, smeared the moisture around on his face and waved his arms excitedly for more. When Chaiko poured a little more on the boy’s head, he quickly shook the water out of his hair into his father’s eyes. Chaiko made deep rumbling noises in his chest. Yael loved it and tried to imitate it, but sounded like a frog instead. Suddenly, Chaiko was aware of a quiet; he turned to see them all watching him. A smile sparkled on Dawn’s face and pride shone in her eyes.
“This is my mate, Chaiko,” she said with a graceful flourish, “the Eku of the Standing-Rock Clan, father to my son who is called Yael, meaning Yellow.” She walked over to them, laid a tender hand on her mate’s and stood proudly in front of all her family. Yes, this was how she had often imagined it.
Chaiko made a small bow that included all of them. There was a brief, awkward silence, as all of them tried to figure out the proper thing to do. The mother stepped forward and said in a gentle melodious voice, “The family of Doan bids welcome to the mate and son of Doan. Therefore, welcome. Come sit with us and share our fire.” Everyone went to the fire to range themselves, making a place of honor for the three of them.
Soon an easy chatter circled the fire as each family member vied for Doan’s attention. She laughed girlishly, again surprising Chaiko how very young she looked and acted. The conversation, questions and explanations swirled about him as he tried to figure out all the voices, and the meaning and the feelings behind the words. In this hubbub Yael turned from one to another, trying to peer into each new face, fascinated and curious. Chaiko smiled at them until he was tired of smiling. He listened until his ears could hear only the noise of their speech but not the sense. Then his mind retreated and he was far away.
When he again became aware of the flow about him, he sensed a change in the air. The happy, bubbly tone was gone, suddenly the words were heavy and difficult to speak. “We did not know what to do. The Council demanded us to choose, but how could we?” The pain was still real and urgent in the father’s voice. “We could not tear you from your mate even if he was a stranger, even if you had a stranger for a son. What else could we do?”
“We thought it best to leave it undecided so that maybe somehow you could speak for yourself. But they would not let you talk on your own behalf !” Short-Boar’s voice turned harsh with suppressed anger. “But then your man spoke, and spoke well for you and us, making your case heard by all, arousing much sympathy. So they had no choice in the end but to side with you in deed if not in fact. They had to invite you as Guests of the Council. This is a rare honor, but a workable compromise to the dilemma we all faced.”
“Hear, hear,” the rest of them approved.
“So then let a short speech chase the long. Let me welcome you back again with your mate and child, and adopt you as sister again. It is said that nothing is so well-found as something lost and returned. Nothing so cherished or more cause for joy, than what we thought dead these many years. Welcome.” A short silence followed Hoar-Bear’s words, as they all remembered the sadness of believing a sister lost.
The silence again grew much too aware of itself. Chaiko cleared his throat and they all turned to him expectantly. “It saddens me that your loss turned out to be my great gain and joy. It weighs on me that the left hand would take what the right one would not give away. She will tell you that I saved her life, but in all truth, she saved mine.”
The others nodded approvingly; a pretty speech, especially from a stranger so well attuned to their sensibilities.
Then Dawn spoke. “I learned that the world is much larger than this valley where the elk run to the north then south and Big-Muddy flows, gathering mud. Fire drove me to a far-off land which now I call my home.” Again the others nodded: it was as it should be. A woman needs to be with the family of her mate. “I have found many other people, thinking in different ways, speaking a different wisdom, and teaching their children different morals. Yet I have not found a wiser, more gentle a man than the one who sits beside me and who calls me Dawn.” An embarrassed silence greeted her words. It was one thing to talk about rights and obligations, quite another to utter such unabashed personal praise.
“My, how big your son is for his age. Not yet two, you said?” Dawn’s mother tried to cover the awkwardness by deflecting attention from it. The trouble with praising one so much was that by comparison, the others were left in the shadows.
Fire-Dancer jumped up and took her son from her mate, Hollow-Tree and brought him over to Dawn and Yael. The two boys were half a year apart, but were about the same size. Immediately, they noticed one another and reached out exploring hands. Thus it came about that one’s fingers ended up in the other’s mouth. The whole family broke into laughter at such a little thing.
A little later, Chaiko turned to Eagle-on-High and formally asked for his permission to be joined with his daughter, Doan. The father looked a long moment at him, then shook his head. “I can’t give what fate has already thrust into your hands. An egg once broken is an egg no more but mere fragments of its shell, and I cannot make it whole again. A fruit that has fallen from a tree is no longer a part of it, though it carries its seed.” He paused and all the listeners wondered if the matter would stay there. “But I can bless your union, as obviously fate has already done so with the issue of a son.”
“Hear, hear,” sounded from all around, “a fine son he is, a son to be proud of.” It seemed that the proscription against praises did not extend to sons.
Food was handed around and everybody had a story to tell. Short-Boar talked about a hunt he was on with a friend when they were both young, not yet hunters. On this hunt, they came across a rabbit which they stalked with great caution but the rabbit heard them and watched them suspiciously. The rabbit, however did not see the fox who, taking advantage of the animal’s distraction, pounced, grabbed it, and shook it till it was dead. The fox dragged the rabbit away with the two boys chasing after. But, perhaps a stone’s throw farther, a lynx lying flat on the branch above the path dropped right onto the fox, killing it. Thus the lynx had hold of the fox who still had firm hold of the rabbit. Then the boys both threw their spears and both of which pierced the cat, which clawed the wood uselessly until it died. But that was how, with two spear throws, they bagged three creatures at once.
Hoar-Bear could never tell a story right but did not know it, thinking instead that he was brilliantly amusing. Although the others tried to dissuade him, he would not listen and insisted on taking them on a long rambling narrative. He had been trying to make this magic potion, he said, but he had now forgotten why. All he could remember was that he needed mushrooms as an ingredient. But no matter where he looked or went, he could not find any. He then found it necessary to list not only where he went, but also where he did not but should have. And on he meandered, until he himself forgot what the story was about. Light-Oak, mated to sister Shy-Fox, had the bright idea of convincing Hoar-Bear that the story was finished and had been well told. Thus the storyteller yielded to an enthusiastic response.
Then Fire-Dancer’s mate, Hollow-Tree, told of how he had earned his new name. Until fairly recently he had been called Broken-Claw, but he never liked the name for all his age mates called him anything but that. Big-Nail had been their favorite. He had tried not to mind, but underneath it all he suffered.
Then one day as he was hunting in the hills, he saw a fat rabbit run into a hollow log that had no exit on the other end. Thinking it was an easy catch, Broken-Claw crawled in after it, but the log narrowed quickly and he got wedged fast. He thrashed about from side to side but could not work himself free, and succeeded only in dislodging the trunk which started sliding, rolling downhill until with a crash it came to a halt across a shallow creek. The others finally heard his yells, but finding him so ignobly stuck, pretended not to hear him and crossed and recrossed the creek over the hollow log. Finally, with some difficulty, they extricated him. Realising that his friends would never allow him to live this down, he said that henceforth his name was Hollow-Tree and he would not answer to any other. He further said that his new son would be called Son-of-Hollow-Tree. This story must have been told many, many times, but everyone still politely laughed. Chaiko noted that self-depreciating humour, aimed at oneself, was allowed.
“Did you really name your son Son-of-Hollow-Tree?” Dawn asked of Fire-Dancer. But her sister shook her head, smiling prettily. “No. He is called Wild-of-Wind, or simply Wild, for quite often he is.”
Of the women, only Fire-Dancer ventured to stand up and tell a story. “There was a reed standing in the river in the shadow of a mighty willow. ‘Look with how many roots I hold onto the soil and how thick my trunk is, to hold up all my branches. And then see how puny you are, a single, narrow stalk bending this way and that. You owe me great respect,’ the willow reminded the reed. Then one day when the river became swollen with the runoff of spring, both the willow and the reed stood in the rush of waters. The reed bent, the willow resisted. But the waters increased as did their press and weight, and root by root the willow lost its hold on the soil, toppled and was swept downstream. For a brief time the reed exulted that it had survived. But then some floating weeds got wrapped around the reed and the water could no longer slide by it, but plucked the reed from its place and swept it down stream. This story shows that strength and flexibility alone are not enough: it is best to have both with all modesty. Still, if I had to choose, I would choose flexibility,” Fire-Dancer said then bent gracefully from side to side, like the dance of reeds yielding to the water. People applauded her for she was very graceful.
Doan jumped up and became the willow fighting the current, yielding a root at a time, her branches trailing sadly through the swirling waters. The two danced, in harmony then in counterpoint, and Chaiko watched mesmerised, sure that he had not seen anything so stirring before. For the first time he realised just what a good dancer his mate really was. The two sisters looked at each other, eyes sparkling, faces aglow with the pleasure of the rhythm and movement, and they finally cast aside any pretence of a role and just danced, twirling and dipping, their arms waving in nearly perfect symmetry. The rest soon clapped and yelled out a complex rhythm that changed. One by one, they jumped up and joined in this ecstatic celebration. Chaiko forgot he ever was a cripple, forgot his wooden leg, and found himself dancing in midst of the dancers. Much too soon he had to drop out exhausted, his wooden leg not made for twirling and twisting. The rhythm became quicker and more demanding and more and more of them collapsed into spent heaps, gasping for air. Eventually, Dawn, too, fell like a ripe fruit into Chaiko’s arms, her body radiating heat and joy, her eyes caressing him. Instantly, Chaiko flushed and he wished they could be alone. She laughed at him again, and invited him to laugh with her. Suddenly it was too painful for him, to have to come this far to find this side of her for the first time. How was he ever going to find this again? For find her he must: having seen her so free once, he was already afraid of her losing it. Don’t worry so much about the future, he reprimanded himself, enjoy the present. And he smiled at her with an openness that no turtle or snail could ever express.
But his mood did not last long. She was so free and uninhibited in the midst of her family, that he felt the Doan he saw here would surely have to be forced, like some captive, to return to her former life as Dawn. His mood plummeted, but she knew him well. She sat in his lap, tickled him mercilessly until he forgot all his moods, and soon became aware of more demanding, more urgent considerations. He reached for her but she danced away, easily keeping out of his reach. She teased and taunted him to chase her, but each time he lunged she was away. Then he swept a skin from the ground and threw it at her. When she instinctively grabbed it, he caught her and they went down in a flailing of arms and limbs. She struggled feebly then collapsed into him, yielding, provocatively laughing into his neck. If the family had any doubt, they could now see for themselves two people still very much in love.
After that all reservations about Chaiko were gone. The men clapped him on the shoulders and back and called him brother, and the women gently pinched his forearm in greeting, according to the fashion of the day among the Ekulan.
Eagle-on-High went so far as to boast to some friends who came by to help them celebrate, “If you have to take a stranger into your family, it is good to take one who can speak your language and can dance.” Chaiko was strangely flattered, perhaps because the father had praised him as a dancer, and after so much time, the cripple still had a few things left to prove, dancing being one. Well on this day, that too was accomplished.
Fire-Dancer had wrapped Wild-of-Wind into a secure bundle which she attached to a young sapling, facing all the activity. Soon Wild-of-Wind was bouncing around so that the tree was dancing with his movement. They did the same with Yael and the two sisters danced between their sons, touching and caressing them, playing finger games. The two infants could not get enough of all the excitement that swirled about them.
Slowly, reluctantly, the dancing subsided but its glow remained. Doan’s mother, Downy-Swan, very graciously asked Chaiko about his family, expressing regret to hear that his parents were dead. She seemed to perk up when she heard that his brother Baer was leader of his clan, though she seemed a little disappointed to hear how small the clan was, only about thirty people.
Hoar-Bear came over to Chaiko and offered his hand in a brotherly greeting, and Chaiko gladly accepted it. He was not surprised when the other squeezed painfully hard, but Hoer-Bear was indeed surprised when Chaiko did not try to extricate his crushed hand, but smiled and talked pleasantly about how much he had enjoyed the story he heard him tell earlier. Somewhat sheepishly, he let go of the hand and hit him on the back instead. Chaiko could barely move his hand but did not let on how much it hurt.
Then some altercation broke out among the twelve year olds and there was a free-for-all until the adults waded into the fray to separate the combatants. The men laughed, it was all in good fun. A few bruises here and there shared among five of them only added to the zest of the celebration.
The women and girls brought baskets of flower petals and they showered Doan, celebrating her return. A young girl named Rainbow rubbed fragrant blossoms into Doan’s hair. Doan, who all her childhood had no such great attention or kind affection shown to her, started crying. Soon all the women were crying, each having her own reasons, and the men grew quiet and somewhat long in the face. The women felt better after, once they blew their noses and wiped their tears, but the men could not recover their carefree mood, for such was the power of tears, it freed women but made prisoners of men.
They ate again, drank fresh water, and talked quietly as the sun slowly sank to touch the horizon. Doan leaned against Chaiko, clutching his arm, content to be near her man. Occasionally she rested her head on his shoulder, and at these times he felt complete. It warmed him to realize that she was trying to make a present of her family to him.
Eagle-on-High raised his hand and the talk and murmuring ceased. “It is said that a man loses a daughter but gains another son. Well, I am luckier than most for I gain a whole new clan, that is what they call a rowe among them. Come to think of it, a whole other people. How many among the Ekulan can claim all that?” And he sat down satisfied.
“He is also a Spirit-Guide to the Tolmecs,” Doan added proudly, but there was an uneasy silence that greeted this remark. The Ekulan had heard little of the outside world, but they had learned a few things about the Tolmecs, none of it good. It was said they ate each other and their enemies. But the mood was much too buoyant for the awkwardness to last and soon people were vying for attention to talk.
Sitting around so much, Chaiko felt cramped, his wooden leg awkward under him. He stretched his leg out to ease the strain. All evening he was aware of quick looks at it, but no one stared. Deciding to meet the suppressed curiosity head on, he patted the wood and said, “I was a youth and had both my legs. I was a fast, nimble runner, dreaming of chasing down the deer and bison as a hunter. Still, fate placed a River of Rocks in front of me, and the river started to move beneath me. Quick as I was, the rocks were quicker...” he rubbed the foot that wasn’t there. “The whole hillside rumbled, crashing to the very bottom and took my leg.” There, he said it, and to his surprise it didn’t feel so painful anymore: it had become a fact.
The women around the fire looked away, shaken by the recital. The men just frowned, thinking that fate was fickle that way, taking whatever it could.
“Must have hurt,” Hoar-Bear said to break the silence.
“It did,” Chaiko replied. “But the pain wasn’t the worst of it. It made me into less of a man, one who couldn’t be a hunter, one who couldn’t have a mate.” They all shook their heads, feeling his pain. “But,” Chaiko continued, “though the River of Rocks stole my future by making a cripple of me... it also made me into a shaman.”
“How...?”
“It chose me to be a man alone, a man who watched and saw, thought and figured out what others took for granted. I had to think harder and work longer to be of use and of service to my clan. And so, what I thought was a curse taught me to find a way around problems and in the end made me into ... an Eku.” There was quiet as the hearers digested this revelation, how a loss could lead to such a gain.
“Just like a hollow tree gave me a name...” Hollow-Tree said.
“How?” Hoar-Bear turned on him puzzled. “What happened to you is in no way similar.”
“Yes it is. Weren’t you listening? The River of Rocks took him down the slope as my log did me, sliding and rolling then crashing on the bottom.”
“And did it cost you your leg?” Hoar-Bear asked with uncharacteristic sarcasm, most un-Ekulan.
“Yes, fate curses and blesses us at the same time,” Eagle-on-High interrupted. “And in the end it’s how one reacts that decides which it is. Look how light is the father of shadows; you can’t have one without the other.”
All had the feeling that there was an important lesson of life in the recall, but it was too serious a topic in the present mood of celebration. Still, the curiosity had been answered. Then it was time for the visitors to return to their camp. It was debated whether Chaiko and his people should move over to the parents’ camp to be conveniently close to one another. There was a mix of opinion offered, but the most politic prevailed: since they had been granted the rare privilege of being Guests of the Council, they should stay where they were assigned, and not, perhaps, risk the ire of the Council. Surely, the Elders would like to keep close eyes on them and not have them move about too freely.
And so the day ended among the family, both Dawn and Chaiko well pleased with the flow of events.

The new day awoke to a thick shroud of mist that was slow to lift under an overcast sky. It was midmorning when Chaiko and the rest, loaded down with all the presents they had brought from home, returned again to the parents’ camp. They were greeted warmly, though a little more restrained as there were strangers with them.
“This is Ushi, Us-si.” Chaiko introduced the trader to the assembled family. “He has been far to the east where the great water swallows up the land. He speaks many languages and is now learning Elk.”
Ushi bowed and said, “Teki chua deo semanoi.” Though the smiles remained fixed, a few looked down at their feet.
“Neo! Neo!” Chaiko quickly interjected. “Krie teverie deoi semane, Krie chadac a mateoie. He did not mean for you to stand in water. He meant, may blessings be as water…”
Doan too tried to help. “Krie chodois semanoiote.” - May blessings fall from the sky as rain. The people looked from one to the other.
Chaiko finally turned to Ushi and asked in clan, “Just what did you mean to say to them?”
“May blessings pour out on you like summer rain,” Ushi said, a little petulant that his first effort had gotten into such a muddle.
“Seo creta chuni deo sematoie,” Chaiko translated, not a little self-satisfied at bringing clarity into the situation.
“Seamtona,” Dawn corrected gently. This unleashed a new round of helpful suggestions. About half went with Chaiko, the other with Dawn. Only Hoar-Bear had his own idea of “seratola.”
Finally, Eagle-on-High took control and suggested that both were right and it mattered little if it was early or late summer rain. Then he further suggested for the introduction to proceed, and so they all turned expectantly to the trader.
Ushi was a quick study. He conducted the rest of his communications entirely in clan, letting Chaiko translate, and in her turn, Dawn refrained from correcting him.
Chaiko was thus able in short order to present Chandar and Tara. They all looked with big eyes at Tara, knowing her to be Tolmec. By all appearances, eating one’s enemies made one very attractive. But they could not look for long, so fixed and fierce was the gaze she returned.
After the introduction the patriarch bade them all welcome, offering them seats around the fire. When they were all settled, Dawn started handing out presents and the mood again quickly turned happy and light, shedding all formal pretense. Dawn gave little things to each, the softest of skins, cured hide and leather, finely worked skin bags, scented items, rope, thongs, colored stones, small pouches full of aromatic herbs, and delicacies like dried fruit, nuts and honey. All got something, except for the men, but Doan quickly promised to save them for last. Then all the bags were empty, and still the men waited expectantly. By now, everyone was most curious. Normally, the men should have been honored first.
Dawn bowed to Chaiko who took a Falcon from its wrap, smoothly bent and strung it, then gave it over to Dawn. She held the item reverently then gave it to her father. He took it, uncertain how to hold such a thing, but his hands played along the smooth piece of wood, seduced by its sheen. The rest were craning their necks to look at such a curious thing. Then each of the men received one in turn and they looked in awe at such workmanship but had no idea of what it could be. Neither did the others.
Doan went to Fire-Dancer; the two of them whispered a quick exchange and ran off. Pointedly, Chaiko lifted Falcon, plucked the string and a hum suddenly filled the air. An astonished sigh went through the crowd, and the men tried themselves to pluck the strings. Soon a confused mixture of sound competed for attention, as each Falcon sang just a little differently. Eagle-on-High marveled at such a thing.
Dawn and Fire-Dancer arrived with bundles of reeds and grass. Then they started working, obviously shaping them, and it quickly turned into a guessing game as to what they could be making. Children brought more reeds and it soon became obvious that a large animal was being shaped. An elk. A full-sized elk, with branches for horns. Finally, Doan draped elk skin over it and secured it tightly. The effect was astonishing and again gasps of wonder swept the crowd. She and her sister then took this large thing and walked into the surrounding grassland. What was this all about? That strangers did strange things was to be expected, but Doan was still one of them.
Chaiko rose with Ushi. Ushi reached over a talon which the shaman first examined carefully, then he fitted it to Falcon’s string. They both looked after the women carrying the “elk” into the distance. They were far enough already but still the women continued into the grass. Concerned, Ushi looked at Chaiko. “Can you hit that?”
“I had better,” Chaiko replied, realizing how impressive Dawn wanted this demonstration to be. The women finally stopped and set the figure up. At this distance, the elk looked as real as if grazing.
“Can you really hit that?” Ushi asked again, an edge of worry in his voice.
“I hope so,” Chaiko muttered. That was the trouble with being successful: people got used to it and grew to expect the impossible. The target looked so far away and on a real hunt he would never have risked such a long shot. His chances of hitting the thing were slim. But there was nothing he could do about it anymore. The girls were halfway back. Chaiko watched the top of the grass, a slow undulation in a light wind, from left to right. He tried to calculate how much he would have to compensate for the crosswind. He should have had Dawn set up straight downwind, he realized belatedly. Moreover they should have rehearsed this, at least in words. Then Dawn was back and smiled brightly at him, but his face was already set in concentration. Ushi took a step away from him to give him room.
By now everybody realized that something very unusual was being prepared, something to do with Kaiko and the elk so far away, but had no idea what it could be. From Chaiko’s posture, they could read an intent and gathering concentration which added strain to their curiosity.
Chaiko looked along the path, a long, long way off. Calculated how high he had to aim and how far to the left to counteract the expected drift. “Well, this is it,” he said to himself. “It is just you and me,” he spoke to Falcon, “don’t fail me now.” He lifted his arm and pulled back in one smooth flow of motion, sighted, but then eased up and lowered the weapon. Out of the corner of his eyes he had noted a wave approaching in the grass and wanted to wait it out. Belatedly, it occurred to Dawn what a hard task she had set for her mate. Immediately flooded with worry, her hands went to her mouth as she became rigid with anxiety.
The gust of wind passed and another. Out of some instinct, the crowd was strangely quiet, waiting, for what they could not even guess, but their attention was focused on Chaiko. Maybe he was truly an Eku.
“Bogan!” Chaiko thought, “Show the talon with confidence where it must go...” He lifted his arms, drew back as far as he could, then released. Falcon snapped and sent the talon whistling on its way. The shaman watched the graceful curve of flight and the side slip. “Maybe, maybe ...or was it too far?” The talon began its descent, boring through the air, then it hit, back toward the rump of the thing, perhaps not a glorious spot, but under the circumstances, more than just welcome. A release of breath whistled from the clan, as smiles replaced the strain.
“Good shot.” Ushi was jubilant and hit Chaiko on the back.
“Great shot,” Chandar praised, knowing how hard it had been. He, himself, would be hard pressed to match that at half the distance. Dawn was jumping up and down in her excitement. That was her man, nothing was beyond his abilities.
The rest were lost. They did not know what had happened. They saw Chaiko point this strange implement and then the stick disappeared but that was it. Confused, they looked at each other. Soon they shifted their feet as if someone was making fun of them. Tara, too, had not previously seen Falcon work, and was at a loss to understand. Then Dawn ran through the grass all the way to the elk, pulled the talon from among the tightly packed reeds and brought it back. The talon went from hand to hand but there was still no comprehension of the thing.
Chaiko again positioned himself, took a new talon and fitted it to the string. All eyes were on him and none dared to blink for fear of losing the least movement. With Falcon notched and half drawn, Chaiko watched the grass for telltale signs of wind. Then much slower this time, he drew back all the way, aimed high and to the left, and released to send the talon on its way. This time a few onlookers actually saw the wood fly, up, then down to bite into the elk through its neck. A much better shot. The few who had seen it pointed and babbled something incomprehensible. Dawn tried to explain to them what had just happened but even her words could not penetrate their confusion. Chaiko had to shoot again and this time the talon missed but enough of them saw its flight to create the desired effect. They all raced to the elk to retrieve the talons and bring them back triumphantly. Then they wanted Chaiko to shoot, again and again. Finally Chaiko had enough; his shoulder and arm ached from the repeated effort. He told Chandar to shoot.
“But I can’t hit it from here. It is too far,” the young man protested.
“Well then, go closer to it,” Chaiko suggested. “They won’t mind.”
So it was that Chandar mimicked stalking the elk, closer and closer, until he dared to risk a shot. And then he shot and shot until he too grew too tired and Ushi had to take his place. It seemed that their host could not grow tired of this spectacle. They surged back and forth chasing the talons, each time returning, brandishing the stick of wood.
It was much later when Short-Boar presented himself to Chaiko and with his hand out, asked for a talon. Chaiko gave him one, then called to the rest for them to give Short-Boar some room. Those who knew the weapon gave him a wide, wide berth.
The first shot thumbled end over end as Short-Boar had jerked the Falcon up and released the talon too soon; the stick flew an awkwardly short distance to the side. After that, the crowd pulled back even more. The next shot was better, though not even a third of the distance to the elk. The next few shots flew farther but still not half way. Chaiko motioned for them to bring the thing closer and had them set it up about a third of the distance. It still took a while before the elk was actually hit.
All the other men besieged Chaiko and got their talons, but Ushi insisted that they each take turns and not shoot all at once, as they all wanted. Soon, he had them organized and with Chandar, taught them how to shoot and aim. Every time the elk was hit, a great shout went up from all the men. The women could not understand how the thing worked even after Dawn had explained it several times to them. They simply shook their heads, but they all could see the enthusiasm of their men and marveled at such a device.
“Your mate is an Eku,” Fire-Dancer said to Doan. “A real Eku, not one who pretends.”
“I know,” nodded Doan happily and wished she could tell them all what her man was capable of, even taming the Tolmecs with the mere sound of his flute.
The day was thus totally turned upside down by the demonstration and the practice that followed. The men could not seem to get enough of it, even though the insides of their arms were soon red and raw. In their excitement they were not interested in food or even sweets, and vainly did their womenfolk call them to eat because they preferred to play with this new thing Chaiko had presented to them. Doan organized the women to make them arm guards and after that there was no stopping the men as they played shoot-and-retrieve, an impromptu game they devised. Finally, they had to stop as they ran out of talons, for in time all shattered and broke.
“This is a great thing,” Short-Boar said thoughtfully, as they were sitting by the fire and comparing experiences. Then he frowned. “This is not a toy, but a deadly hunting weapon. If ... when I become as good as you, no elk can hide from me and my people.” Chaiko nodded approvingly; yes someday Short-Boar would be a good leader of men because he was the first to note the potential of Falcon.
Chaiko turned to Eagle-on-High. “I will give this weapon to you so that you may show it to all the Ekulan. I make no secret of it and will gladly teach you all how to make it. These weapons that I made from nothing, and the skills to use them, are a gift from me to the people of my mate, that all may know how grateful I am for the gift of her. I tell you again, she has saved my life.”
All the people looked at Doan in wonder that such a slight, little girl could earn such gratitude. Was she not just their sister? Doan grew red with the attention, but her soul was filled with warmth. Fire-Dancer hugged her and shook her with great affection.
Everyone agreed it had been a most unusual day, with gifts and magic given into their hands. After that the men spoke to Chaiko with great respect and the women, with the exception of Fire-Dancer, stopped speaking to him altogether out of great awe.
“Sometimes I wish I could borrow from your prestige,” admitted Ushi to the shaman.
“Be welcome to it,” Chaiko smiled at him, “and to some of the responsibilities that go with it. But I fear that you would use your stature to open women’s hearts and legs.”
“Oh no, me?” the trader laughed.
A little later Tara asked the shaman why did he not give the weapon to her people, the Tolmecs?
“Fair question.” Chaiko considered. “For now, the Tolmecs are too warlike to respect such a weapon as this. I would like to see them more peaceful first. I would not like to have to fear what I brought into being.” Tara had to agree with that. The hordes were fearsome enough already.
Thus another day drew to a close among the Ekulan and their guests.

Chapter 11
The next two days were spent pleasantly around the fire in good fellowship. Each day, the guests would come to spend the day and each night they would return to their assigned camp.
Eagle-on-High and all his family came to admit that what they knew of strangers had to be revised. These were most companionable people, and courageous. How else would they dare to go into distant lands? Not to mention having to learn another tongue. This last was a difficult concept for them, for, much like people living in isolation everywhere, they could not conceive of other people speaking something other than Ekulan yet still achieve understanding. They asked Chaiko to speak clan, which he gladly did. Then they asked Tara to speak Tolmec, which she also did, more reluctantly. Then they shook their heads; to them, both sounded the same. There was also an underlying pressure to make the strangers admit that there was no other language as beautiful and expressive as Elk.
As Ushi and Chandar continued to instruct them in the use of Falcon, they improved rapidly; the talons were at least flying in the direction of the target with increased regularity. There were a few mishaps to report as well, such as when Light-Oak nearly put a talon into Hollow-Tree. Luckily, the shaft passed harmlessly between his legs, but it made everyone a little more careful. Ushi’s speech improved swiftly, as he was uninhibited by nature and did not mind making a fool of himself by trying. Chandar was more reserved about it. Tara did not even try, still concentrating on learning clan, her first priority. Besides she still had quite a bit of the Tolmec arrogance in her that looked down on other cultures. This did not bother their host in the least, for she was a Tolmec and what else indeed could they expect of one?
Chaiko showed them how to make Falcons. The type of wood to use, how to age it, how to shape it, the material for the string and so on. He would shave the wood with an eager collection of people watching him. As he worked, he talked of the clan and of the Tolmec. All would gather to listen. Hollow-Tree developed a great thirst to see all these things he heard about, especially the herds of bison and living in a cave.
“Why don’t you come back with us for a visit?” Doan pounced on this opening. There was quiet, as all considered this seemingly impossible suggestion. Leave the Valley of the Elk? Hollow-Tree and Fire-Dancer looked at each other, then the two sisters exchanged looks, one pleading, the other considering. “Maybe,” was all Fire-Dancer said, but there was a pensive quiet after that. Could they leave so easily, separate themselves from all they knew to embrace the unknown? It was hard even to think of such things.
Some people showed up to watch the demonstration of this weapon called Falcon and were much impressed. News soon spread through the camp and more and more people arrived, wanting to see it, keeping Ushi and Chandar busy. Ushi complained that all this manly activity was depriving him of stalking his favorite game, women.
ToTo, the mouthpiece of the Council, made an appearance on the third day, sniffing about, inquiring of the magic wood. Chaiko had expected some official interest in these activities and thus wasn’t surprised. When ToTo approached Chaiko and started to try to leverage some information, Chaiko civilly directed him to Eagle-on-High. His purpose was to strengthen the prestige and position of the family of his mate. ToTo, however, did not appreciate this arrangement. As a go-between himself, he hated all other go-betweens, wanting to deal directly with the source. Chaiko however, remained adamant. ToTo tried various enticements such as, “The Council would be pleased to grant you an interview.”
“I asked for none, for I wished not to be a bother to the exalted Council.”
“Perhaps, it could be arranged to grant your mate full status ...” he offered as a further inducement.
“These guests will not stay much longer,” Chaiko again declined, “for my people await the return of their shaman.” He wanted to remind the man that he was of significant stature in his land.
The man fidgeted, trying to find a hook. Chaiko smiled to himself. Yes, if you would feed a man, first you have to find out what he is hungry for.
Stymied, the man twisted his nose this way and that, then decided on a direct approach. “I speak for the Council, where the Council finds it inconvenient to speak. The Council likes to command, less well to ask. I, on the other hand, beg and grovel as needed, or anything it takes, for the wish of the Council is my only wish. True, I am a mere tool, but I like to be a good tool. And I am not without influence, for I am the Council’s eyes and ears, and information flows through me to them like the river from the mountains. It does not take much to twist it a little this way or that, all without a single lie.” ToTo looked at the shaman through narrowed eyes, but the shaman returned his gaze without flinching. Hidden in that candid admission was both a promise and a threat.
“I shall try to remember all that,” Chaiko said, “but for now, Eagle-on-High is the man to see regarding the magic of bent wood.”
ToTo examined him carefully as if looking for a flaw. Chaiko smiled a toothy smile, reminding the man that he could bite too, if ever it became necessary. There was no question that ToTo was very sensitive to the nuances of others, but here he was faced with a stranger and understanding him required him to be a little strange himself. And that he did not want to risk, counting himself strange enough all ready. He went off nonplussed though not resentful, for that would be a gross waste of time. There were other ways of crossing a stream, one just had to have the imagination to find it. And if anything, ToTo was not without imagination.

On a gathering excursion with the other women, Dawn came across a small bush covered with delicate flowers, some in full bloom, others just buds awaiting their turn. Attracted by the pleasant scent of the blossoms, on a hunch she tasted the leaves which had a fresh tangy flavour. Dawn did not recognise the plant but wanted it for her garden; perhaps she could use the leaves to add to her mix of vegetables. But this presented a few problems: the plant was still not near seeding and they would soon have to leave. Determined, she carefully dug up the whole plant leaving a generous ball of soil around the roots. She wrapped the ball into an elk hide and slung it around her shoulder. Back in camp, she poured water into the bag, made sure the leaves had plenty of light then hung the bag from a sapling. It was odd to see flowers so suspended in mid-air. Dawn was very pleased with herself.
Earlier she had been disappointed, for when she had told the women in her family about the garden, they had remained unresponsive and could not see its significance. Chaiko consoled her, pointing out that unlike the clan, her people were on the move throughout most of the growing season and only incidentally collected whatever they came across on their long trek. The letdown only made her all the more determined to take this plant back to her garden. She made a mental note to be on the lookout for others of its kind, perhaps smaller and younger.

Chaiko, Short-Boar and Hollow-Tree went fishing. Deep in the woods, among a stand of tall trees, they found a broad stream that flowed among the rocks and tangle of roots clinging to the hillside. The water was crystal clear, and the sight of the pebbly bottom was disturbed only by its exuberant flow. They unwound their fishing lines and soon they pulled in sizeable trout, one after the other, which they strung through the gills and placed back into the water to keep fresh. Soon they had more than enough so they sat back listening to the pleasant murmur and splash of water sounds. You could not be a good fisherman and not enjoy the quiet and the solitude. Chaiko examined their fishing hooks and noted the backward-pointing spines that did not allow the fish to back off the hook. Good design, he approved, which he would use himself, but already his craftsman’s eyes suggested a few improvements.

Around the fire again, sharing food, the men talked of hunting. Each year they had to come back early and leave the elk behind, to harvest the bounty of the land: the seeds, the fruits, and the roots for the winter. But by late fall, the elk migration would again pass through the valley on its way south. The Ekulan, close as they were to the lives of the elk, did not know where the elk made their winter home. There were a few tales about it and in the past a few expeditions were sent to find out, but each time no one returned from them. A superstition grew around this question so that it was generally held that those who tried would die and never be seen again. “Gone elking” was a phrase they used to describe somebody going mad or coming up with peculiar ideas.
Now, Chaiko was telling them about the great advantage Falcon gave on the hunt, and as he talked he could see the growing enthusiasm in his listeners’ faces. Short-Boar nodded and suggested they should try hunting deer in the forest not too far away which would give them a good opportunity to try the weapon. Chaiko agreed, thinking that the narrow confines of woodland trails would increase the chance of hitting something up close. At this point any success would be highly encouraging.
The women cleared away the food. The men brushed the crumbs off their laps and rubbed the grease from their hands into their hair. If a woman felt so inclined, she would comb her mate’s hair until it was shiny flat. Hoar-Bear threw a thick limb onto the fire sending a shower of sparks into the air. The women sang while the children collected into one heap, playing with colored stones.
Ushi started up a riddle which they all strained to understand, given the strangeness of his expression:
		“Though I have no wings, I fly
		 Higher than most birds into the sky
		 But still keep my foot on the ground.
		 You can see through me at times
		 Yet you can see me from afar
		 Tell me then, what am I?”

Hollow-Tree grumbled that it was puzzle enough just to understand Ushi, who was asked to clarify a few of the words. Congenially enough, he did.
Rainbow yelled, “Butterfly!” But everyone was all over her. “A butterfly has wings, and what butterfly has a foot on the ground and is still high?” No one could come up with an answer that people would accept. Finally they had to beg Ushi for the answer. He was reluctant just to give the answer away but agreed to do so if one of the girls would give him a kiss. Everybody laughed at this request and the girls put their heads together, twittering, to decide how they should respond. They sent seven year old Tear-Drop who had a continuous running of the nose. “Go kiss the man, he wants it,” they encouraged the girl, while the rest guffawed delightedly over this. To Ushi’s great credit, even under these circumstances, he suffered himself to be kissed. Then they wanted the answer.
He smiled and said, “Smoke.”
“Smoke!? Smoke has no feet,” some protested and claimed the puzzle was flawed and that now Ushi would have to give the kiss back to Tear-Drop. That spurred Ushi to further defend it. Finally, Eagle-on-High was asked to rule on the merit of the riddle and the ensuing protest raised.
After some reflection, he said in measured tones, “I would have to say that in a manner of speaking smoke does have a foot on the ground. Do we not say foot of the hill, or foot of the mountain? Well, if they can have feet, then smoke should be allowed to.” So the issue was decided in Ushi’s favor.

Tara, sitting to the side, listened to the liveliness all around, and came to the conclusion that these people knew how to live. Though she could not understand the words, she could hear the feelings behind the abundant laughter and enjoyment all around. The women were singing again, and the men started to add to the beat by striking sticks together. When Doan and Fire-Dancer started dancing, Tara’s eyes misted over thinking of her little sister Cora. The song ended and the dancers sat down. Then Short-Boar stood and made a speech none of which she understood, but she could see approving nods and hear enthusiastic applause. The one they called Hollow-Tree was next: he must have told a funny story for soon the whole company was either rolling on the ground or braying like jackasses on the plain. Not for the first time, Tara felt left out, but this time she felt regret for missing out. She looked at Dawn, against whom she measured herself, and the flushed, excited face of the other spurred her to do something, anything, to be a part of this, to contribute. “Chandar,” she called to him. He looked at her in surprise, instantly recognising the purposeful tone in her voice. She whispered a few words, he nodded and the two of them soon were standing face to face with staffs in their hands.
The noise around the fire died down as all turned in some surprise to watch them. Tara twirled the staff in her hands making a blur of the wood as it described circles in the air, whistling as it spun. Adroitly she changed hands and people marvelled at the life she gave to the stick that obeyed her commands. It did not seem possible that the stick could do the things she made it do! The wood twirled between her fingers and she jumped over it, then she threw it high into the air and without looking at it, snatched it as it came down. Then she froze into the last gesture, the staff extended in her hand. Rainbow shrieked out her amazement and delight, applauding enthusiastically.
Tara motioned to Chandar and he started to work his stick. It was obvious right away that he was not as skilled as she but his stick sang with so much power through the air that it drew instant respect from the men. His figures were simpler but accomplished. He threw the stick high, pretended to have lost sight of it, then scrambled about in mock desperation catching it at the very last possible instant. Again there was rousing applause, but the two were not finished. They started to circle each other watchfully, each ready to spring. Suddenly, Tara’s staff lashed out toward him and somebody screamed, but Chandar deftly deflected the staff and executed a quick counterstroke which she caught and turned away. Quicker and quicker the staffs flew, met and rebounded to fly from some other direction. The watchers grew tense at this dangerous play, but it soon became evident that there was a certain careful cadence to their exchanges and a great beauty of movement. Tara unexpectedly planted her staff, vaulted over Chandar entirely to land behind him, then delivered an impossible backward stroke that would have swept him off his feet had he not jumped over it. He rolled on the ground to come up beside her and sweep at where she had been, but she somersaulted safely away. After that it seemed they were working on the rhythmic clicking sound, for soon a complex sequence repeated itself and the crowd slowly joined in. It became slower and slower, but still maintained the same progression. It ended in the sudden flurry of a climax then the two performers bowed to their audience. Dawn who was partly scared by the flashing sticks but enthralled by the flow and beauty of movement, grabbed Tara and gave her a great hug. As a dancer she knew how difficult some of the simple looking figures were, and the more complex ones were simply unbelievable. Tara was flushed with the success of her skill and the pleasure of all the praise. Chandar beamed at her, pride radiating from his eyes.
“Let it not be said that a Tolmec does not know how to show spirit, grace and beauty, not to mention great skill,” Chaiko said aloud in all three languages. To her own chagrin, Tara blushed, for she was not used to blushing, rarely having had reason to. The performance had been so captivating that it overlay anyone’s unease in seeing a woman fight a man. Dexterity and speed pitted against strength.
That night the way back to camp was a bit of a challenge as the overcast sky gave them little light. But aside from stumbling over a few things, they managed. The fire was of course out and they had to fumble their way into their covers. Dawn thought it had been an incredibly eventful day, just as she had imagined it. She hugged Chaiko gratefully for having come all this way, then settled down beside her son. “Good night Tara,” she called softly into the darkness. “Good night Dawn,” the reply came back. It was the first time they had greeted each other thus. Dawn smiled to herself. Her homecoming was finally turning into what she had hoped it would be.
Sonorous snores came from Ushi’s place that slowly climbed in volume until Chaiko threw something at the man and it died out in a few loud snorts. Dawn made a note to herself to find next morning whatever it was that Chaiko threw.

Awakened by a full bladder into the grey pre-dawn, Chaiko watched the light strengthen and flood into the interior of the flar. The flaps were wide open to allow the flow of air to circulate freely. For a while he listened to the regular breathing of the others. Ushi was again snoring lightly. Yael made a little hiss as he exhaled. Dawn’s breath was light, much like herself; even in her sleep she was composed and elegant. Chaiko smiled at remembering the two sisters dance, both so light on their feet, so graceful. Under his covers Chaiko was still too comfortable to get up and so he ignored his urges as long as he could. But yesterday, having spoken and even danced too much, he consequently had to drink to replenish himself and now his bladder demanded attention. Carefully, so not to disturb his mate and son, he got up clutching his cover about him. Outside the air felt fresh, laden with moisture. The sky was still overcast but the cloud cover was higher up in the sky. In the east the sun struggled to break through the pallor. Chaiko yawned and stretched and headed for the amenities. By a cluster of bushes there was a screen of hides set up to shield a log seat over a hole in the ground, covered by a piece of stiff hide to keep flies and insects from getting at the waste. There was also a heap of leaves neatly stacked, ready for use, which made Chaiko wonder who replenished it day after day. The whole arrangement was both convenient and utilitarian, well worth introducing back home. It was illuminating to travel, to see other people, how they lived and solved life’s little problems. It made one think of things one would not normally.
On his return he found Dawn by the fire, nursing Yael. This was more for his comfort and reassurance than anything else, for her milk was by now just a trickle, necessitating other foods as well, such as soft vegetables and boiled pieces of meat. She looked up and smiled at Chaiko, who settled down and put a few branches on the fire she had already started. The pleasant odour of seasoned wood burning filled his nose. Dawn waved to someone and Chaiko turned to see who it was. Doe stood in front of her flar looking at them and nodding pleasantly in their direction.
“Doe asked me the other day to accompany some of the women to pick berries and mushrooms and I agreed to go with them if it’s all right with you.”
Chaiko grunted his assent. Her family had had to go back to their rowe, camped about half a day away to the north-west and so there would be no visiting today. Yesterday the possibility of Chaiko and the rest going with them had been discussed but was decided against as it would need some official sanction of sorts, and they were all of one mind in not calling unnecessary official attention to themselves. So Chaiko was looking forward to spending some time by the fire. He had found a straight piece of hickory wood and was aching to start work on it. That was the trouble with travelling and living among others, the small comforts of one’s routines were disturbed. Again, he examined the stock of wood and was well pleased with it. A stout, dense, solid piece, good perhaps for a spear or staff. With a piece of flint he started to work the outside, peeling away the skin.
One by one the others emerged. Ushi greeted the day with a wide-open stretch of his arms, came to the fire and poked about for something to eat. Dawn indicated some smoked meat in an elk hide pouch which he seized and gnawed happily. Tara emerged from the flar and stretched. Her skin shone in the pale sunlight struggling to get through. A beautiful girl, if somewhat distant and shut off. Chaiko remembered the fight-dance yesterday, which had made him think about her in a different light. There was power in her and much grace of movement, but also a touching sense of vulnerability. Perhaps it was the way she looked at them after that performance she had offered for their entertainment, and the flush of pleasure on being so enthusiastically received.
Then Chandar pushed through the opening, quickly sweeping the surroundings and checking the sky. An alert young man, Chaiko thought. Tara laughed as Chandar must have said something to amuse her. They came over to the fire and there was an exchange of smiles. After eating, Ushi disappeared on a hunt for some adventure no doubt, Chaiko observed to himself. Chandar ate, lolled about the fire some and after hearing that nothing was planned for the day, went back to the flar to sleep some more.
“Bring me your staff,” Chaiko commanded Tara. She looked at him in surprise but went to get it. Taking it from her, he hefted the heavy stock and spun it around in his hand as he had seen her do in her demonstration. It fell from his grasp. He laughed. “It’s harder than it looks. That was very good last night, you and Chandar. Beautiful to see.” She blushed again. “The rhythms were very intricate. Well done.”
Dawn looked at her too and said, “It was strange to see that fighting can be made so beautiful.”
“Yes, her people are warlike and she is a warrior-girl. Perhaps it is not surprising, therefore, that they make an art form out of fighting.” Chaiko carefully examined her staff. When she and Chandar were evoking some rhythms, in the click of the wood he had heard something odd. He took a short piece of wood and hit her staff lightly, methodically along its entire length, listening carefully. A third of the way to the end, the sound lost its resonance. He focused on the spot and each time he tapped, the sound returned flat, without any richness of tone. He nodded and showed the spot to Tara. She too tried to sound out the wood, then taking her staff, she gave a nearby log a solid rap with it. The staff shattered where Chaiko had indicated. Tara frowned, for she had grown fond of it and now was saddened, as if it had betrayed her: it had been something akin to a companion. Chaiko showed her the piece of hickory, already peeled with the slippery inner layer scoured off with sand. She lifted it, liked its weight and denseness, but frowned when she twirled it, testing its balance.
“Needs some work yet,” Chaiko volunteered. “It is still much too top heavy,” which Tara confirmed, giving it back to him. He set to work on it, humming, his attention totally absorbed by the wood.
“Bright morning to you!” Chaiko looked up to see Doe with two baskets in her hands and her young son strapped to her back. He remembered that Dawn and Doe were going to look for berries and mushrooms.
“Coming,” Dawn called from beside the flar as she slung Yael onto her back. The two women smiled and nodded at each other.
“We will be back by early afternoon,” Doe said to Dawn, but so that Chaiko could hear. It was bad form for an unrelated woman to speak to him directly.
“With lots of mushrooms that I will roast for you,” Dawn said cheerfully.
Chaiko returned to his work, managing to even out the wood’s weight and move the balance point to the center. Now he shaved it to thin it down, having noted how the old staff was slimmer. At times he looked up to see Tara watching him but he quickly forgot her again as his hands played over the wood. There was such a sensual pleasure to working wood, shaping it and making it smooth, designing it to fit a hand perfectly. Critically he held it up and looked along its length, checking its straightness, searching for any irregularities. He was pleased by what he saw, but he would have to age it in the fire some, and polish it before it would be ready. He gave it to Tara. “Try it.”
The girl stood and with practiced ease, twirled the shaft between her fingers. She frowned lightly, noting the difference in feel and the way she could not tell which end was which. She took a few swings, aiming at a stalk of grass with a heavy seed pod and hit it true. She sprung back, then forward, swinging the wood, the staff becoming a living thing in her hands.
Chaiko watched her, enjoying the smooth flow of the dancing wood. Fascinated by her look of concentration and sharpness of intent, he realized how beautiful she was, not so much for her looks as for her intensity, the brightness of her eyes, the concentrated set of her face and smooth flow of muscles under her total control. Sensing his gaze, she looked up at him, became flustered and the wood flew out of her hand. “Sorry,” she mumbled, picked it up and reached the staff back to him. “It is very good. It fits me well.” Unconsciously she reverted to Tolmec. He nodded at her. He held the wood in the heat of the embers, spinning it. A slight acrid smell tickled his nose. He turned to her and caught her watching him. His hand paused on the wood.
“Tara ...” he started then realized he did not know what he was going to say. “Are you ... happy?”
“Happy?” she echoed him, puzzled by the question. Was that ever her consideration? What was happiness anyway? Perhaps doing things well. Doing one’s duty. She shrugged her shoulders then looked at him; what did he want? “I know little of happiness,” she admitted in a quiet voice, as she had to answer him.
“Are you in love?” he asked somewhat tentatively, looking for the right words.
Love, why are these people so stuck on love? Chandar too. Loyalty and obedience should be enough. “Is love giving of oneself?” Tara asked, then noted how her question seemed to bother him. “Chandar uses my body,” she said in a flat statement. “Is that love?” She searched his face, what did he want? Same as the others? “Do you want to use my body?”
Chaiko was taken aback by her question and the words tumbled out, “Are you offering to … to...”
“To lie down with you?” She shrugged. “Yes, if that’s what you want.”
He looked at her astonished. “You would lie with me? Just like that?” He tried to keep judgment out of his voice.
“Yes. You are my leader and I owe you obedience. You may ask of me and I will do it.”
Chaiko’s heart raced. The thought of this girl in his arms made him instantly warm but he knew it to be wrong. And though the thought was pleasant, he was bothered by her readiness. “What about Chandar ..?”
“This has nothing to do with him,” she said dismissively. “This has to do with my obeying my leader. Ask therefore and you will not be refused.”
He looked at her, conscious of her beauty and her need to serve. Just him alone or any leader, he asked himself, but then kept the question to himself. There must have been much use of her in her past, and the thought of this hurt. He looked away, considering. “Love is a ... gift. It should not be compelled. Not by duty. Not even by a leader.” He shook his head dissatisfied; the words sounded hollow even to him. She frowned in concentration, trying to follow him.
“Am I not pleasing enough?” she asked puzzled. This had never been a problem before. Usually, it was enough just to be available.
“Who you are has little to do with other people’s needs. And it is not up to you to service them. Chandar, your mate has a right of claim to you as you have on him but no other. Not me. Nor any other leader.” He scrutinized her face, then thinking himself perhaps too rejecting of her, said, “Love is a belief in yourself and in your partner. The two of you are one. Being physical with someone else comes in-between and makes two again of the one.” He hoped she understood. “You are beautiful and worthy of love. But do not mistake one for the other... an embrace is just an embrace, love is knowledge and a trust...” He shook his head dissatisfied; if he was as wise as people said he was, then why was he having so much difficulty explaining such a simple thing to her?
She did not understand. She did not understand why he did not want her, but sensed that it was not a rejection of her, and that itself was enough for the present. She did not understand how taking and giving pleasure was so restricted and tied to this thing they called... love. She did not understand why they considered it a betrayal. Yet through her confusion about this thing, she found herself glad that he did not make her... or take advantage of her availability. She rose and went into the flar to drag the skins and covering into the pale sun for airing. Chandar came out and yawned.
Chaiko, in his turn, struggled to put Tara back into the same image that he had of her before this disturbing conversation. Without a father to protect her she had obviously been taken advantage of, and thus had never learned that she had a right to herself. No wonder that her feelings were so separated from the core of her.
Chaiko worked the wood, his hands busy but his mind elsewhere. It was flattering for her to offer herself to him, though he realized that she attached little value to it, seeing it only as a dutiful accommodation. Still, the offer had warmed him and he smiled, foolishly pleased with himself. You vain fool, then he remembered that he was only sixteen. Yet again he wished that life had not demanded so much of him. Sure, he was sixteen in years, but thirty in thinking and experience.
In the afternoon, Ushi returned with a confused report of some gossip he had heard but imperfectly understood. He found the shaman preoccupied, only half listening as he worked on some wood. The trader did not understand this. The man was a shaman, and with his status, he had no need to work, yet here he was doing something as trivial as polishing wood. In his position, Ushi would devote himself to more worthwhile pursuits, like ... like unlocking the secrets that women hid even from themselves. Thoughts and desires, dreams and... As shaman, it would be so easy. Then he stopped. The one reason he was so attached to Chaiko was because the shaman thought of others first and himself last. He would not let his personal desires contaminate his duty. That is why you are just a traveler, a trader of things, Ushi reminded himself. Then he sighed.
“There are some new arrivals that are causing some commotion among the Ekulan. From the north somewhere. Of the Horned-Owl rowe. They came into camp yesterday but were banished to a far off site away from the rest,” Ushi said probing his teeth with a stalk of grass.
“What have they done to incur such displeasure?” Chaiko asked, lowering the wood as he looked at the trader.
“I could not find out. I mean, I could not understand what they said. Something about fetorine or fetaine. Do you know the meaning of the word?”
“Fetoine?” Chaiko searched his memory. “Sounds like dust-cloud. That is fetane, is it not?”
“You know the language. I am still learning it. I asked people but they all shuddered and turned away.” Ushi was obviously bothered by this strange incident. “Soon as I asked them... they left me.” He threw the grass away. “Maybe the Horned-Owl rowe is ostracized for some reason. I once knew some people among the Akarris who were shunned. Nobody could even speak to them.”
“Perhaps,” Chaiko concurred. “The Ekulan have strong expectations of their people. It would not be surprising if they would exclude a rowe for some failure to conform.”
“All the same, I find it a damn strange thing for them to do.” Ushi spat aside. The whole thing did not sit well with him. He muttered to himself as he left, allowing Chaiko to return to his work.
ToTo came by. He blinked slyly at Chaiko but hurried to assure him it was a personal visit, nothing official. He asked if anything was needed that could be provided for them. Chaiko thanked him but said they were well provisioned as every morning a person would come with an offering of meat. ToTo mentioned that Eagle-on-High was away with his people but would doubtless be back by evening. Chaiko looked at him, aware that the go-between was just letting him know that their activities were of interest to the Council. Was there a slight hint of threat in that? Could well be. ToTo was fond of talking out of both sides of his mouth, being reassuring and threatening all at the same time. He could then disguise his true intentions. Wondering what he really wanted, Chaiko did not ask to avoid giving the man an opening, but feigned disinterest.
“Look how straight this wood is. Note how smooth it feels.” Chaiko showed ToTo the staff, overplaying the craftsman’s pride.
“Yes, yes,” ToTo acknowledged. “That is interesting about wood. You can right away see its character from the straightness of its grain. Wish it could be that simple with people. Appearance often makes a lie out of what is inside.”
“Really?” Chaiko asked skeptically. The man had made a career out of preying on the difference, peeling away pretensions, finding out secrets people hid and using them against them. Surely without such blackmail the man had no calling to speak of.
ToTo twisted his mouth into a sardonic smile. “Now you are thinking how despicable of the man to do openly... what others dare do only in darkness.”
Yes, Chaiko was thinking that, he admitted to himself. It was interesting that in his own way, ToTo was the most forthright man he had yet met among the Ekulan. He had no fear of the truth though he cloaked it in a cynical guise. The rest was misdirection, to catch a person off guard. Well, perhaps two could play that game.
“Why does one rowe stand in favor while another is out?” He cocked an eye on the go-between.
“It was always so. You will not find me questioning it.” ToTo shrugged his shoulders, then smiled. “I would make sure to be on the power side of it.”
After more such talk the man left and Chaiko never had a sense of what he really wanted. Perhaps just to keep his finger in, to remind people of his presence, or to keep events under his scrutiny. A man on hot sand must move constantly lest the ground burn his feet.

Late afternoon Dawn returned with a basket full of berries, seeds and mushrooms, as well as celery and bundles of marjoram. She was pleased, having done such a common, everyday thing that traveling had robbed her of. Waving good-bye to Doe, she unpacked Yael from the bundle on her back and he scampered around, grateful to be free again. He crawled over to Chaiko and played with the wood shavings surrounding him. Not unexpectedly the wood found its way into his mouth but he spat out the bitter flavor of the bark skin. Dawn came and took him from the shavings and gave him a raspberry to eat. He was not really hungry and smeared it instead all over his face.

By evening Chaiko finished the staff and gave it to Tara who twirled it with her fingers and took a few practice swings, smiling in satisfaction. Their eyes met, both recalling their earlier conversation when she had offered herself and he had refused. Both had reasons to wish the talk had never taken place.
In the fading light the camp was strangely quiet. There were but a few fires to be seen and even fewer people. Children, who usually filled the camp with their noise, were also absent. A few shadows passed hurriedly by. Were they being ostracized again for some reason? The growing darkness settled over the camp, deepening the silence.
As dusk leached color from the world, only the sky still glowed; the clouds had finally cleared out. High up, an eagle circled majestically in the glow of sunlight that still reached him from below the horizon. He hung there, almost motionless. Chaiko thought of the clan. He aimed a command at the bird, but his mind was not concentrated, and the bird flew away.

Chapter 12
The new day began with a dry wind blowing from the mountains to the west. The air seemed thirsty for moisture and the dew was quickly soaked up. Fresh gusts rustled among the grass, bending the stalks this way and that, the grass heavy with seed.
After a brief interlude of yellow glow, the sun disappeared behind an overcast sky. In the moody light the foliage seemed a darker green than would usually be indicative of the late season. By this time of the year leaves lost their shine and became dull imitations of themselves, awaiting a fresh touch of autumn color.
Chaiko came out of the flar, stretched then quickly observed the weather signs. There was nothing noteworthy except for the prevailing gloom. A pair of swallows flashed by overhead but his eyes could not catch up to their incredible swiftness. Their passing disturbed a flock of morning doves and they took to the air in a noisy eruption of beating wings. All such noises would normally have been swallowed up by the sounds of a stirring camp. Yet, after the aerial display, it was quiet again. Chaiko looked around but nothing moved in the view.
Dawn emerged clutching a sleepy Yael. She went to the fire and stirred the ashes while her son looked tentatively for a breast to glom onto.
“It is strangely quiet,” Chaiko stated flatly into slate hard grayness.
“Uhum,” Dawn muttered absently. At the moment she had other priorities; the world would have to try to get along without her for a little while longer.
Ushi appeared, yawning into the face of a new day. He rubbed the stubble on his chin wondering if it was worth the effort to scrape it off. No, as he thought of his face burning afterward, but that quickly turned to yes when he remembered the cute girl he had discovered secretly watching him. She had such a sweet, shy smile, her eyes innocently full of longing. He ducked back into the flar to get some shells. When he emerged again, he too, noted the unusual quiet of the camp.
“It is quiet,” Ushi said unnecessarily. Next Chandar tumbled through the flaps, rubbing his eyes, squinting even into the muted light. Tara came right behind him, stretching, her joints cracking. She shook herself, not pleased with the look of the day. Dawn came back, lugging water.
They arranged themselves around the fire and ate dried food, waiting for something to happen. But nothing did. There was no smoke to be seen anywhere; the fires remained unlit. No people in evidence, just a strange eerie calm as pervasive as the gloom above them. Chaiko checked the sky looking for the sun behind the haze but the sky was impenetrable. Was it some trick of the light or was it earlier than they expected? Did not seem likely.
“Is this some special day?” Chaiko asked Dawn. She raised her head in surprise, quickly looked around, but just shook her head no. The rest, too, looked about a little apprehensively. From around a flar a dog came sniffing by, froze when it saw them, then turned to bolt back out of sight.
“Strange...” Ushi muttered. Yes, strange. Even a curious dog would not venture this deep into a camp that was coming alive. Thus they sat claimed by the silence. The wind rattled through the twigs of a dried-up bush nearby and a finch protested at some disturbance near its nest. A shadow darted around a flar, hurrying furtively from place to place.
“My family...” Dawn whispered, worried. They were supposed to meet again last evening, but they had not shown up. What would be keeping them? Chaiko shrugged his shoulders. From beyond the line of flars came the voice of a child complaining, overshadowed by the scolding of a grownup. Their voices were swallowed by a flar that quickly shut out the outside world. A strange foreboding took hold of Chaiko. “Ushi...” he started to say.
“I’m on my way.” Ushi was already up, disappearing into a cluster of flars. His leave-taking left a larger awareness of the stillness all around. Even Chandar and Tara, who because they did not speak Ekulan consequently paid less attention to their present surroundings, became conscious of the strange lassitude. They exchange puzzled looks. Unconsciously Tara reached behind her to grab her new staff. She frowned as she realized it was not her familiar old weapon that she held. Her fingers played over the wood familiarizing herself with the new feel.
To divert them, Chaiko launched into a story. “A traveler arrived at a cave where he was well received. He was given food, drink and soft bedding to lie on. They organized a feast to honor and entertain him, asked only to share what he had learned on his journeys. He told them this story. There was once a man who sought the advice of another but when he received it he did not like it. He decided to ask another man, but no matter whom he asked he wasn’t pleased with any of the various answers. He went to the neighboring clan to try there, also without success. Out of some perversity the man traveled even farther, to all the clans, asking the same question but not receiving the desired answer. Eventually he made a great circle of the land and arrived back to where he had started, at home, his question still unanswered to his satisfaction. The shaman sat him down and interrogated him minutely. The man confessed his inability to find the answer he wanted. It seemed that no one shared his view, he complained. The shaman frowned at him and said, ‘If you have the answer in your heart then you have answered it already and need no question to unlock it. A question is nothing, if you already have the answer. But the question is everything if you do not have it, for the question honestly asked will lead you to the answer.’” Chaiko paused in his story as the others tried to make some sense out of it. Tara shook her head; to her it sounded like the scurrying about of ants, each taking a word back but not worrying about its meaning. Dawn, knowing her mate’s tricks, waited patiently.
Chandar, who was trying to penetrate the story, asked, “What was the question he was asking?”
“The question, as you heard the shaman say, does not matter,” said Chaiko dismissively.
Chandar frowned. “What question would drive a man to cross all that land?”
“The question was not driving him, the answer was,” Chaiko pointed out quietly.
“Well what was the answer then?”
“Are you making a question out of the answer?” Chaiko asked, his eyes sparkling with amusement.
Tara felt like stomping on ants and the staff started whistling through the air. Chandar frowned, losing the thread of the conversation. “Well then...?” he wavered not knowing what to ask.
“The question is unimportant,” Chaiko declared. “The answer is unimportant, for it is different for each man and woman. Each must find answers to the secret of one’s own heart, and not look for it elsewhere.”
“Well then what is the point of the story?” Chandar asked half-irritated at the double talk. Now Chaiko was puzzled; was his point that obtuse?
“Look for your desires within yourself, not in others,” he simplified.
In the middle of Ekulan, among her own people, this teaching grated on Dawn’s upbringing. “A man who looks not to others will not know what others think of him.”
“A man who looks too much to others will not know who he is,” Chaiko shot back at her.
“He will so!” Dawn was uncharacteristically vocal in her protest. “He is part of his family, his rowe and his people. A reflection of them all!”
“A man is all that, but he must keep a part to himself, otherwise he can’t add to his people, but only borrow from them.”
All the same, each recognized the truth of the other’s position as the argument stalled in a tense pause. Chandar, needing some closure, attempted, “Well then what did the traveler say to his hosts?”
“Which traveler?” Chaiko asked, coming back from layers of arguments he was having within himself. Then he made an irate motion, “There was no traveler!” But then he immediately relented. “It was just a ploy to draw you into the story which was to present you a problem and a solution.”
Chandar blinked, thoroughly confused. He could not figure out where the problem lay, much less a solution but he no longer dared to ask. All of them thus sat about unsatisfied. Chaiko could not figure out how he lost both his story and audience. Dawn was feeling a little smug that he was finally rebuffed. His teachings often irritated her, but at the same time she had to agree that they were always thought provoking. Here again they were all trying to unravel the meaning.
All that is except Tara, who went off on her own track. “Have you noticed that ants ask no questions, seek no answers, but go about their business, always knowing what to do, and they do it?” The others looked at the warrior-girl unable to make the jump with her.

The morning slipped by in uneasy waiting. Still no one appeared. For once the food was not delivered on time and the man who checked on them periodically also stayed away. A flock of crows settled among the flars as there was no movement to disturb them.
It was thus a great surprise to see a small procession of returning hunters carrying two deer move past the camp. The men appeared grim and were almost running with their load. They threw an anxious look in the direction of the guests, but did not speak, even increasing their strides. They disappeared behind the flars, the protest of crows marking their progress.
“What is going on here?” Chaiko asked aloud. “Where is Ushi?”
Dawn looked worried too. “Where is father? Fire-Dancer?” Chandar and Tara were also looking about at the strange quiet that strangled the camp. But there was no answer there.
For something to do, Dawn passed out some dried meat. Distracted, Chaiko took one and chewed absently. Tara refused the food, her face for once looking pinched. Seeing her reaction, Dawn had a fresh stab of worry. She had never seen the warrior-girl afraid. “Perhaps, I should go to Doe to find out what is the matter...?” she said hesitantly. Chaiko, sensing her reluctance, nodded.
Dawn went to her friend’s flar and at the entrance called out softly, “Doe? Doe.” There was no answer. She called out again, a little more insistently. “Doe.” There was soft rustling from inside but still no answer. “Doe!”
A muffled sound returned, “Go away. Please go away.” Dawn was struck to the core, some dread gnawing at her bones. What could cause this?
“What is happening?” she pleaded. The flar remained quiet. Dawn reached a tentative hand to the stiff flap, but the hide was held closed against her.
There was a sudden commotion behind her. She turned and saw Ushi running toward their camp. She sprinted back, arriving there at the same time as Ushi. The trader was red and breathless. He struggled with great gasps of air, unable to speak, but made motions with his hands to break camp. What was going on here??!
Finally Ushi could pant, “We must... leave! We must... leave now!”
“What is the matter?!” they all asked.
“Go pack! Now!” Ushi commanded, grabbing something then dropping it. “No! Leave everything! We must go now! It might be too late already!”
“What is the matter with you?” Chaiko hurried up to the man, shocked by the face of apprehension the other turned on him.
“We must leave! It is here already! We must go now!” Ushi shouted.
“Who or what is here?” the shaman demanded, reached out with both hands and grabbed Ushi, trying to shake some sense into him.
“The Ghost-Fire! The Ghost-Fire is here!” Ushi forced out, his eyes wide with fear.
“Ghost-Fire?” Chaiko echoed uncomprehendingly.
“Yes. Fire that passes over unseen, yet it burns, and they die.”
“Die?”
“Yes, die until dead,” Ushi yelled into Chaiko’s face, in turn not understanding the other’s unconcern. But in this he was wrong. Chaiko was very concerned, for he had never seen the usually unflappable trader like this, so given over to fear. Then he remembered that he had seen the bison in the fire last night. Was it trying to warn him of this? He grabbed the waterbag and poured it over the trader. Ushi’s eyes cleared briefly but his expression remained pinched and his breath rapid and shallow.
“Tell me about this Ghost-Fire. What is it?” Chaiko demanded.
“It is a sickness that strikes the young, the strong and the old.”
“Sickness?” Chaiko was a little reassured, having a face to the enemy.
“Yes, a sickness,” Ushi responded, his face turning pasty white. “One in three it touches gets sick. And one in three will die of it.” The trader swallowed hard to open his throat. “One in three of those that recover are never quite the same after it, in the head.”
“A sickness? How come I have not heard of it?” Chaiko asked.
“I do not know. I myself have been through it five times before and do not want to go through it ever again. That is why I tell you we must leave now! For it is among us already.”
“How do you know?” Chaiko demanded, stepping closer to the trader.
“Five times I have seen the signs. I do not want to see it again.” Ushi resumed his packing, throwing things haphazardly into his bag, struggling with the tie-strings.
“What signs?” Chaiko demanded.
“If we do not move now,” Ushi spat at him, “you will soon see it close up. Perhaps from the inside.”
“What signs?” the shaman insisted in a cutting voice to penetrate Ushi’s panic.
“Why, the heat. That is why it’s called Ghost-Fire, for whosoever it touches it burns, even to death.” Ushi tore at the unyielding bindings in his trembling hands.
“Tell me more,” Chaiko commanded him, his hand trying to squeeze some focus into the man.
“Will you keep asking until we all die? I tell you I know it. I tell you it is here in camp already. And if we do not leave now, it will strike us down.” Ushi shrugged off the restraint angrily. “Will you sit here and watch your mate die and perhaps your son? It could even be you. Any one of us. One in three. Do you not understand? One in three. I tell you we must leave now!” There were flecks of foam on his lips from his vehemence. “Perhaps we can outrun it. We must try. But we must start now.”
Chaiko thought for the moment. Last night the bull had danced in the fire. He gave a command to Dawn, “We go now. Pack only the necessities!”
Ushi returned to cramming his belongings into his bag. And Dawn quickly collected their things. “Too bad,” Chaiko said full of regret, “but this visit was cursed from the beginning.” A shadow fell upon him and he looked up to see Chandar’s uncertain form hesitating over him. “What?” the shaman asked, a dread awakening in him.
“It is Tara,” the young man said. “She is not well.”
The air went out of Chaiko and he could not take another breath. He forced his chest to expand and pull air into itself. But then it would not go out again.
“How?” the shaman asked.
“She feels weak and dizzy,” Chandar said uncertain again.
“It has started,” Ushi said, despair and resignation in his voice. “It is among us already.”
Chaiko looked at him, then at Chandar. What was he to do? What was he supposed to do? Slowly, ponderously he got up and walked to where Tara was lying on her back, clutching her covers protectively around her. The color of her face was off, white with faint green shadows. Yes the girl was sick, that much was obvious. “How do you feel?” he asked her gently.
Her eyes opened, looked frantically about until she found him, but still they wavered. “I feel dizzy,” she said, a light moan ending her admission. “My joints ache.”
“It’s the Ghost-Fire,” Ushi said with flat certainty.
“Dawn,” Chaiko called and when she came, he instructed her, “Tara is sick. Ask her what hurts. Try to figure out if she might be... pregnant, or perhaps it was something she ate. Ask her.” Then he pulled Ushi aside and made him sit down. “If this Fire is with us, it is no use running anymore, for it will run with us,” he reasoned; Ushi glumly had to agree with him. “So,” Chaiko started, “tell me more about this fire.”
“It starts with a general weakness and dizziness. Those affected cannot find their legs but stagger about until they fall. Then it eats into their joints, often their elbows and knees swell and they burn with pain. Then they become hot and cold then hot again till sweat pours from their bodies like rain and they cannot drink enough. But no matter how much they drink, they cannot put out the fire.”
“Weakness, dizziness, pain, fevers and chills,” Chaiko quickly sketched the course of the illness. “Shaking?”
“Yes, near the end, much shaking and shivering,” Ushi said, not believing that this thing had caught him again.
“What is the cure? Some remedy?” Chaiko asked, his voice constricted by worry.
“None that I have heard of, none that I have seen,” Ushi said hopelessly.
“Why is it called Ghost-Fire?” Chaiko wanted to know; perhaps there was a clue in the name.
“Ghost for no one can see it coming until the illness is already among them. Fire, for those who suffer, they complain it burns, it burns. People think it’s spiritual.” The last word grabbed the shaman’s attention, but it also filled him with dread for the lack of knowledge he had of spiritual things. Panic rose in him but he suppressed it. He forced himself to think under the watchful, hopeful eyes of the trader. “Yes, think. Think as you have never thought before. Think your way out of all of this, before we all die here far from home,” the trader despaired.
Chaiko chewed on his lips as he thought, his mind in some dark deep hole, unaware any more of where he really was. A thought flashed through the blindness of his concentration, then another, and dutifully he examined both, taking them apart, driven by inner urgency to find some answers. Taking deep breaths he unwillingly surfaced again. “Does this illness leave marks behind?”
“Yes. Sores all over the body. Like heat sores. The stinging of sweat adding to the burning inside.” Chaiko nodded at this new information.
“Then, if there are physical signs and traces, those argue for a physical cause.” Chaiko made his first supposition about this disease. “It is as when we track the bear in the forest by the footprints it leaves behind. A ghost bear would not leave a trace. Right?” Ushi shrugged, these questions were beyond him, but hopefully not beyond the shaman. Chaiko again tested his reasoning. “A spiritual cause would affect the mind before it would the body. Here the body is devoured first, then maybe the mind. Right?”
“Right,” came back, but there was too much uncertainty in Ushi’s tone to be of any use to Chaiko.
Dawn came over to them and waited quietly until Chaiko turned to her questioningly. “She is not pregnant. It is not something she ate, though she feels queasy. And it is not a cold. She has no strength and the world sways beneath her when she would stand, and her vision of what she sees wobbles and dances before her eyes. There is pain in her bones. That is all. She hates to complain so I had to drag this much out of her.” With each of her statements, Chaiko blinked and Ushi nodded in confirmation. Then there was no question that this was the dreaded disease, Ghost-Fire. Why had he not heard of it before? Chaiko asked himself. He nodded to Dawn and smiled at her encouragingly; she hurried back to Tara.
“Time? How much time?” he looked piercingly at the trader again. “How much time from the beginning to the end?”
“Oh! Three, four, five days depending.”
“Depending on what?”
“Upon the person. I have seen strong men waste away in three days and die and a weak little child survive. I do not know why. What I know is that three days after the first signs show themselves, people start to die and if one survives the ravages past the fifth day, they will live, though one in three is affected some way in the mind.”
“How does it start?”
“No one knows how it really starts. A sick person brings it into camp and like a fire it spreads to sweep all the camp. Once it is here, there is no escaping it.”
“Then it is too late for us to flee?” Chaiko asked, but he knew the answer already.
“Not once it is among us.” Ushi shook his head dejectedly.
“Will it stalk us next?” he asked in sudden dread. “Or are we safe— if it has not touched us already?”
“One in three in my experience.”
“Ah, but which three?” Chaiko bore into Ushi’s eyes. The trader just shrugged.
“No one knows much beyond that. Sometimes it takes whole families and friends. Other times, it takes just one among the crowd. No reason who or why. But in the end, when you count up the dead and the sick, one in three will catch the disease and of those, one in three will die.”
They chewed over the whole thing again. Little by little, the shaman was becoming familiar with the disease. After that he went over to Tara attended by Chandar and Dawn, when she could spare time from Yael.
“How are you?” he asked the girl and watched her eyes flutter, with some difficulty opening and closing, awash in tears—much too light-sensitive. Her face otherwise was set in stone; she was not going to complain, but her skin had a white chalky sheen and there were beads of perspiration forming. He and Chandar held each of her hands. She squeezed back but her grip was weak. She smiled feebly up at them, trying to reassure them all from the depth of her illness. The warrior-girl was fighting this thing that had invaded her body. He stayed by her side, as she seemed to take comfort in his presence. Dawn fussed over them all, wiping her forehead, offering the others something to eat, but they declined: in times like this who could eat?
Around them the camp seemed deserted, with no one in sight. They were all hiding from each other, hiding from the Ghost-Fire passing through the midst of them. Unseen, unheard, unannounced. By the time Ushi and Chaiko had learned of it, it was already too late. There were occasional cries of anguish that rang through the camp as a mother discovered her son struck down, or a daughter found her mother fallen. The young, the strong, the old alike, Ushi had said. Yes, the Ekulan were familiar with this disease, as the grim lines of their mouths, and their fearful, furtive looks told. A people stalked by death, expecting it to pounce and to tear into their necks and shoulders, yet in reality it came quietly without any warning. People hid in their flars, not even attending to their fires, for there was no safe place to hide.
It was later that Chaiko returned to the fire and tended it with great deliberation. It might not protect them against this thing called Ghost-Fire, but fire was always more than just light and heat, it was also a symbol of man, of his spiritual strength, of his dominance over nature. Thus, out of resistance to this thing, he rebuilt the fire again and made Ushi get some more wood. Once he returned they talked more into the night, revisiting each and every memory of what the trader had seen and experienced. There must be some clue that could help them. But time and time again, Ushi shook his head, “There’s no cure! There’s no remedy!”
“But there has to be!” Chaiko insisted and he forced Ushi to go through it once again.
When Ushi was young, Ghost-Fire had swept his people. He was too young to remember it, but had heard it mentioned often as he grew up, on account of relations and friends lost. The next time it happened, he was among the Dorgay, trading flint and stories. There he had learned of the frightful one-out-of-three. He had been surprised that he had survived, burying as they did so many. Day after day, for eight days before the pestilence passed from camp to hit some neighboring camp, then beyond. He then told of the desperate fight the Sharp-Owl fought four years later. They burned everything they had, sparing not one item and made new coverings out of woven grass, but they could not change the outcome; it was still one-in-three. The next time it was six years later, passing through the land of the Opalot, a small clan not much larger than the Standing-Rock. One-in-three it took again, and twisted the minds of some who survived. The wise man was gone, the leaders were taken, and the clan melted away, absorbed into some other clan. For many years after, Ushi had heard nothing of Ghost-Fire among the clans. Then one day, while he was trading among the Shoshomar and enjoying their hospitality, a sick Dorgay stumbled into camp. Ushi recognized the signs and fled into the lake land of the Lapuris where he remained for a time, as the sickness swept around them but not into their lands.
“How was that?” Chaiko seized upon that little fact.
“I do not know. I know not what starts this disease; I know not what drives it; I know not how it decides who to take and who to spare. The Lapuris claimed that it was because they were purified people, spiritually strong, who commanded the sickness to stay away. But I saw no sign of it or of them being in any way special.”
“Perhaps it was something they ate? Or the water they drank?” Chaiko suggested, his mind racing, furiously trying to keep ahead of this disease. It was a beautiful late summer night. The sky was full of stars, and the ground basked in their silvery light, the moon but a narrow crescent. On such a night as this, there should not be any hurt and pain, Chaiko thought, and he wished with all his powers of concentration to rebuke this illness that was among them. Gone, be gone, disappear, he commanded. He held onto it, until his head started to ache.
Occasionally, the quiet and the darkness of the night was shattered by screams as yet another family made a desperate discovery. Some sounds were farther away, some nearer, but they came from all over the camp. One-in-three. One-in-three, pounded in Chaiko’s head. Who would be next? He got up and walked over to Tara. The figures of Chandar and Dawn hovered near the girl. She was asleep, a fitful sleep, with small moans escaping that she had held back when she was awake. Even in the pale light the sweat was visible on her face, giving it a greasy sheen. “Any change?” he asked Dawn. “Her breathing is very shallow and the pulse of her blood is weak and irregular. She tosses and turns. And she waters. Fluid runs out of her, as we would press out of water weeds. She is hot, then cold.”
“Will she be all right?” asked Chandar, the pleading carefully hidden by a wooden tone. “Can we do nothing for her?”
“We know of nothing,” Chaiko admitted truthfully, “and we will have to wait, three to five days to know. If she lives past the fifth day, she will survive.” He did not tell him about the one-in-three count.
He went back to the fire, roused a fitful Ushi and told him that he must remember all over again, there must be something that they had overlooked.
“But I told you everything,” Ushi complained, “Everything I saw. Everything I heard and learned. There is nothing left unsaid.”
“There has to be!” Chaiko said; “I know there is. And we have to find it!” And painfully, word by word, Ushi again dragged himself through his memories which he would have much rather forgotten. At every turn and twist, Chaiko probed and asked infuriating small questions, looking for something that must be eluding him. It had to be there. Chaiko was drawn to the last story about the Lapuris. Why had the disease spared them? The answer must be hidden there somewhere. What did they eat, exactly? What, herbs? What seasonings? Where did they get their water? What grasses, what reeds grew in their lake lands? What flowers bloomed, what birds and insects were there? But all the answers came back: the usual and usual. It was the same foods, drinks, seasoning that everybody else had or made or ingested. Lapuris, like all people, claimed that they were different, but Ushi, a trader and traveler, knew the variations of tastes, cooking and ingredients. He found nothing noteworthy or singular among them. Still Chaiko forced him to dredge through his memories.
Next, Chaiko tried to find some patterns as to time and seasons, in the fall, or winter perhaps, but Ushi once again shook his head. Greater minds than his had sat and pondered on all of this, some of the wisest of all the clans, and had come up only with a description of the disease, with all its signs, then its course, lasting from three days to five, and the horrendous verdict it stamped into its hosts, one-in-three. Beyond this, there was no cure or remedy. The Ghost-Fire took who it would, to take someone else the next time. There was no pattern beyond this.
Chaiko could not understand how he had never heard of this disease. Never once had it come into tales or conversations. Never in the Gatherings had he heard it mentioned, not even in passing. When he mused about this aloud to Ushi, the trader retorted irritably that Standing-Rock clan was so small and cut off from the rest, that he, Ushi, had been unaware of them until hearing of them among the Lesser-Bear-Claw Clan. That isolation perhaps protected them from this dread disease. This was a useful item, and Chaiko seized upon it, for it confirmed his suspicion that it needed a carrier. Much like when the ticks and flees jump to humans, infesting them, from dead animals they brought into camp. Again he forced Ushi back into his past, to dig up something else of use. But the trader was exhausted, and refused Chaiko’s prodding, even his direct commands.
Chaiko looked around him, thinking, knowing that as shaman he could not refuse, he had to grapple with this problem. He cast his eyes toward Tara, Chandar and Dawn, visible in the pale light. He had to find an answer to protect them all and to save Tara. But from where? He looked up at the sky, marveling at the twinkling of the stars, so much beauty in the midst of death. He fixed on one star, but it disappeared from sight. “Look not directly at it... but beside it. Beside it!” That was what he had to do with Ushi too!
“Tell me Ushi, were you ever in love?”
The question took the trader completely by surprise. He asks that of me, he thought and answered, “Many times. Wherever I went, I found somebody. Always. Even among the Tolmecs, do you not remember?” and he started to chuckle at the memory.
“But of them all, who did you like the most?”
“I loved them all. Some were more beautiful, some more tender and experienced, some had kinder words to give, some just gentler hands. But I always found peace in their embrace. Even in my mate’s.”
“Who was the most beautiful?”
“Most beautiful? That had to be Olan, a Black-Pearl, she was a pearl herself, with skin so white, so smooth and pure that I wanted to take a little bite out of her just to taste her, she was so appetizing. We did not even need to make love that often, it was enough just to look at her to make my soul sing and smile.”
“And who was the most artful and skilled in the ways of love?”
Ushi thought a while. “That is much harder to decide. For most knew how to please, but perhaps the very best was a Sharp-Owl named Fluff, and it seems we never got out of our covers. She talked and teased, twisted and avoided, till I was so inflamed as to explode at the very first feel of her. Yes, she was good, very good.” His voice, in reminiscence, grew more alive and interested.
“And who loved you the most?”
“My mate, I thought at first. But that was not true as I soon found out. She only wanted someone to castigate. She would harangue me from morning to night, leaving me no peace, until there was nowhere for me to hide in my clan, for her tongue followed me everywhere. Yes, that is how I got into this trading thing. She loved me not at all, of that I am now convinced. And still I have children with her, almost fully grown now.”
“Well if not her, then who loved you most?” Chaiko asked, but then had to wonder just how close did one have to look to see a star?
“That would be Ama, a Lapuris. She had the most beautiful eyes I have ever seen and they glowed with such light that I grew warm every time I looked at her. I was her first, and she loved me after that with the whole of her heart. It was hard to leave her,” said the voice of experience tinged with regret.
“Why did you leave her then?”
“I had to. I was joined already and had a family. I could not be mated again. But I wished that I could have, for my life would have turned out differently.”
“Was that when the sickness struck the Lapuris?”
“No, that was another time, years later.” The trader threw a quick look at the shaman aware that he was talking about the Lapuris and sickness again, but this time the words flowed, for they were full of personal meaning, not a close look at some dread disease. So he talked of life among the Lapuris, of the people he remembered, his loves and likes of what he found.
“I never ate as much fish as I did there, with all the lakes about. All kinds of fish, large and small, soft and tender, chewy, really… every kind. I even got to like eel, as they remind me of snakes. And frogs and water birds of all kinds, shapes and sizes. Lots of eggs in their season. They hunted for deer and moose, but only for a difference of taste; the abundance of the waters was such that finding food was never a problem. They thus had lot of time left over. And we sang a lot; hunting and fishing songs and love songs I liked the best, which tell how a girl was seduced, or seduced a lover. Yes those were nice days, pleasant days and nicer nights.” He laughed his familiar ribald laugh, self-satisfied.
“How did they live? Surely not in caves like we do?”
“No, in the manner of the Tolmecs they made huts out of reeds and covered the top with hides. But they were sort of round, not sharp to the point as the Tolmecs. It was nice inside. Easy to sleep. A gentle rustle of the wind in the reeds or the pelting of the rain on top. Very soothing.”
“Was there something you did not like about them?”
“I liked almost everything about them. They were very relaxed about life, not grim as the Dorgays or harsh as the Sharp-Owls. They took their pleasure where they found it and the children belonged to everybody.”
“Were there never any conflicts among them because of such free loving?”
“No. Those who were bothered by it, simply left. Those who stayed purified themselves.”
“Purified themselves? How?”
“Sacred smoke and sweat-huts. Sweet-grass smoke and an overheated hut, so tight and hot that one could scarcely breathe, but afterwards the whole body glowed from an inner radiance.”
“And did it work?”
“It seemed to. By sweating you got rid of all evil influences, jealousies, resentments. It left you feeling good and smelling of sweet grass.”
“Knowing you, I guess you had a lot of transgressions to sweat out,” Chaiko observed dryly.
“No more than any of the rest,” Ushi commented dryly. To him loving was never a sin. “And they loved to sing about everything. They were the singingest people I have ever met. They sang more than they talked and if one could not sing about it, it was not worth talking about. They even had arguments singing. The chorus would come in on the side of the person who had made a telling point.” He chuckled loudly. “Most of the time my throat was raw from all the singing I had to do. My voice was not all that good, but I could make cooing sounds like lovesick doves and that came in useful in wooing the girls. I swear there is a dove in every woman I have ever met.” He then stuck his chin out, extended his throat and made cooing sounds. Chaiko had to admit that indeed he sounded passionate, tender and urgent at the same time.
Ushi realized, of course, that the shaman was after something else other than just personal reminiscences, but it felt good to revisit such pleasant memories. He talked about the Lapuris, led about by Chaiko’s questions when he paused. And when he could not think of anything more to say, Chaiko led him around to the other clans who also had experiences with the Ghost-Fire. A seed at a time, Chaiko collected the harvest of the trader’s many years.
It was near dawn and the stars were fading before Chaiko allowed Ushi to crawl off to sleep. The others too had lain down sometime during the night. Chaiko put more wood on the fire and gazed into the flames.
“Come, Bull, show yourself. Tell me what to do. Show me your red scar.” But the flames remained just flames, crackling among the twigs and branches consumed by their own need. Meticulously Chaiko reexamined every word he had heard, looking for something to help him in this desperate situation. If only he had the spiritual knowledge he was supposed to have, then maybe he would know what to do. But who was going to teach him now? Alone, how was he going to learn?

Ushi tried to sleep but his tired, overworked brain would not let him. Now that he was free from the tyranny of Chaiko insisting that he dredge up something useful, his brain spewed forth an involuntary flow of memories. Just a little while ago, he could barely squeeze a single, coherent thought from his cramped brain and now a whole flood of them erupted into his consciousness like waves rolling endlessly onto shore. Fragments, some recent, some from long ago, some long forgotten but stirred up by Chaiko’s unrelenting probing. A few were crisp and complete in every detail, with an instant awareness of where they belonged, but most were but incomplete flashes, disjointed and disturbing. The worst were instances of pure emotion, of fright, fear, and dread, without any context, with no accounting for them, without giving any reasons for their awakening. These caused the shapeless terror of his worst nightmares, leaving him totally disoriented. Happily, nothing lasted long in the restless flow that he couldn’t block, and the memories were displaced by a fresh onslaught. Ushi lay there helpless, an unwitting witness to these inner events. In time the flow slowed to a trickle, and then the tide reversed itself and dragged a few conscious thoughts after its withdrawal. “There was still nothing of use...” Ushi thought and in the middle of this despair he finally fell asleep.

The morning light found Chaiko hunched over the fire looking into its glow. His eyes were rimmed with soot and tears, and though he knew a little more of the disease he was no closer to any solution to help them.
Dawn rose and came over to him, covering him with a fold of fur and tucking it around him. He shuddered, for the first time aware that he had grown cold in the chilliness of dawn. “Any change?” he asked, but she shrugged, too early to tell. He nodded and sank back into himself.
A little later, Tara awoke, asked for water and from then on Chandar gave her regular little sips. Still she asked for more. Dawn wiped the girl’s perspiring face with a wet piece of chamois. Tara looked from one to the other. Her eyes were unsteady and wavering and she could barely see them, but attempted a smile. Chandar squeezed her hand and she squeezed back, but his heart sank at how weak her grip was. He wished she could hit him with her staff with all her strength and distract him from this most awful worry and anguish on her behalf. But he dared not show his fears for right now she needed his courage to draw upon. He bit his lips and tried to smile back. Dawn inclined her head to him in a sign of respect. Both then had to look away for the pain was too intense.
The camp stirred into sluggish movement. People went about, cast down by their worry, bent by fear of death in their midst. They were waiting for its first harvest, dreading yet anticipating. Midmorning, Ushi dragged himself awake. He looked about camp but found everything still subdued. Chaiko was napping, still bundled in furs beside a smoking fire, his shoulders slumped onto his body. Dawn was fussing with Yael and Chandar was beside Tara alternating between giving her little sips of water and wiping her forehead and cheeks. Ushi forced himself over to them and looked carefully in the girl’s face. The eyes were closed, the face fixed into a rigid mask as she hid her pain. She was alone within herself fighting off each attack, and there was nothing that they could do to help her. “She is a warrior-girl,” Chandar mouthed, both to reassure himself and Ushi. The trader nodded in acknowledgment but his eyes found the telltale splotches, small, but visible, on the girl’s skin that documented the onset of a new phase of this disease. His heart contracted. Yes, warrior-girl, fight, fight the most desperate battle of your life. Looking once more at Chaiko who was still drifting in light sleep, Ushi turned and walked into camp to explore.
It was well past midday when Ushi returned. He found them all up; even Tara seemed more aware of her surroundings, and Chandar was in a better mood on account of this improvement. Chaiko was munching disinterestedly on some meat but his thoughts were elsewhere. Nonetheless, he pulled himself into the present when Ushi lowered himself beside the shaman.
“By all accounts a sick man arrived in camp, died the next day and was hastily buried. He belonged to a clan, I mean a rowe that is still coming from the north. Then two days after they put him into the ground, a boy came down sick and soon developed all the signs of the disease. This morning he died.”
“He died?” Chaiko asked. “Then according to what you said the disease runs its course in about eight days, right?” Ushi nodded. “That means we have about five days to go?” This time Ushi merely shrugged his shoulders, his hands spread helplessly. “Tara is into her second day. She feels a little better, but is it too early to tell?” Again the trader just shrugged. “Then none of us is safe yet, right?”
“I think on the sixth day we have hope, but not until,” Ushi said in a flat, wooden tone. A cry sounded in the distance and they all winced. Death prowled among the flars, and there was no one to confront it. Death perhaps was looking at them, or had they already been infected, carrying the seeds of death within themselves? Again a cry sounded from somewhere. The two men looked at each other aghast.
“Come,” Chaiko indicated for the trader to sit, “tell me more of this disease.”
“I told you everything I know and more,” Ushi responded in desperation. “I have turned myself inside out so that you could see. There’s no more. A stone has more water than I have memories left unsaid. I swear I do not know anything more.”
“There has to be something,” Chaiko maintained firmly, his face determined.
“There’s nothing, I tell you!” Ushi groaned his frustration. “I would tell you if I could, but there is nothing. It is unfair to lay such a burden on me.”
“Unfair? Then you go and sit beside Tara and watch her die. See the light fade from her eyes and then tell Chandar that there is nothing. Or wait till the next one of us succumbs to this... this hideous thing. Maybe it will be lucky you and you won’t have to watch us die. Remember, it is one in three.” Ushi rolled his head in denial from side to side. Chaiko grabbed him by his wrap and almost shook him out of it. “So do not tell me there’s nothing! Cast your mind back at every little thing, and talk to me. For as long as I have a breath left in me I will demand it of you.”
Ushi started to cry, big tears rolling down his cheeks and between sobs and gulps of air he pleaded, “What are you looking for?”
“I don’t know. Some pattern we have overlooked, something. I have to believe that I will recognize it when I hear it.”
“But the wisest of the clans could find nothing,” objected Ushi.
“Yes. But the wisest of the wise were not in the midst of it, being so near to this scourge.” And so they started going back to his first occurrence among the Dorgay. Minutely they went through each memory trace. And when all seemed empty, Chaiko lured a few more details loose with his probing questions. He threatened and he cajoled; he commanded and punished with a lash of words; but most often he praised the trader for his efforts and reminded him how much was at stake. They dragged themselves through the Sharp-Owl, the Opalot, the Shoshomars and the Lapuris. Still they encountered nothing obvious. Chaiko was beginning to feel that he knew Ushi very well through this painful process. The trader was totally spent. Like a limp piece he sat, almost doubled over with fatigue. Still Chaiko found it hard to relent, and let it go, at least for now. “Go, lie down and sleep... for now,” he said through clenched teeth. He watched unmoved as the other crawled away. His stomach cramped with tension and his head pounded. Dawn was suddenly there, her fingers massaging his throbbing temples, her nearness comforting. Chaiko knew that he had become a tangle of knots and that he must untie himself so that he could be of use again, to anybody. He looked up at Dawn gratefully as slowly the unbearable tension eased and he could think straight again. She worked his shoulders then along his back till he felt almost human again. Yael cried out fussing, so Dawn had to interrupt her ministrations and attend to her son. Chaiko thanked her and she flashed him a smile of encouragement. She knew what he was going through; he was racing against death fighting it, willing to drive himself to death if he must, but solve it if he could. It was like him to take on full responsibility for this. Privately, she thought death could not be denied and oft people had only the choice of how gracefully they died. If it came to her, she would try to die with dignity, but then her heart fell as she thought of her mate and son dying. Her poise and composure collapsed at that thought.

Mid afternoon, Dawn’s brother Hoar-Bear came bringing chilling news. Fire-Dancer’s little son was stricken with the illness, showing all the signs. This was terrible news. As well, many of their friends were likewise smitten and suffering. Rowe after rowe reported great affliction. He was greatly relieved to see his sister alive and unaffected though fearful of Tara’s sickness so close to them. He could not stay, for he worried about his family, but advised them not to follow as the sickness raged in the Jagged-Feather rowe with more intensity.
After a short respite, Tara’s condition declined again and at times her speech became entirely unintelligible. Chandar himself was on the brink of despair but hung on for her sake. By evening, she came out of it somewhat, though she was noticeably weaker and spent. Her face had become bony, the skin stretched taut, marked with angry sores. She drank again and again but it seemed not to ease her. “If ... If...” she started but could not make herself say it. “You must take care of Cora.” Tears flooded Chandar’s eyes.
“Do not give up,” he pleaded with her. “You will be all right, but you must fight it!”
“I would, dear heart, if I only knew how,” she said in tired sadness. “Seems the more I fight, the more I hurt.”
“As long as it hurts, you know you’re alive,” he protested.
“It would be so much easier to let go ...” she said wistfully, but then she roused herself. “But you must take care of Cora, you promise!”
“If ... if you go, take me with you, for without you I will wither away.” His voice broke several times. “Cora is young and will learn to take care of herself.”
“No, you must live for us and for her. Promise!” Her voice trembled, even so, the undertone remained hard and determined.
“I promise nothing,” he answered lying down. “I promise only that I will never leave you. Have I come this far to let you go? No! If we go, we go together. But now, we fight together.” There was nothing left to say after that. His words were final, shutting out all other possibilities. She sank back into her fever, but her hands clasped his rigidly and he did not move from her side but wish-thought for them both.
The sun set, reminding Chaiko of the passing of time, that Tara would be entering the third day of her crisis and that they were no closer to any useful remedy. He stood up stiffly, felt sick to his stomach and wondered if he too was infected. He shrugged the thought off, casting it away from his consciousness. He walked over to Dawn, covered her and Yael, and kissed them both. Dawn looked with scared eyes at him, questioning. “Go to sleep, perhaps we will wake into a better world.” Then finding Ushi, he dragged the reluctant man to the fire again.
“Why did you awaken me? I was sleeping. Oblivious to this thing. Let me go back and sleep.”
“Be quiet!” Chaiko commanded. “Our time is running short, and we must not waste any of it. So let’s go over it again.”
“Why don’t you do it with someone else? The Ekulan are familiar with this plague… ask them.”
“You have travelled and have come across Ghost-Fire in different places at different times. I need to take that difference apart, to find something to help. There has to be something. I beg you… I command you to help me. If there’s an answer in you, I need to find it.”
Ushi had no resistance left to fight him and gave in to the shaman’s demands, but he was listless, each word having to be dragged from him. Finally, Chaiko lost his patience and hit him hard across the face then again with the back of his hand.
“What did you do that for?” The man exploded momentarily stung into fury.
“I will hit you till you are so angry that you want to kill me,” Chaiko threatened, hissing at Ushi. “I need you awake and with me. So let’s start again.”
Thus it was that step by careful step, they retraced their route again. Chaiko suspected how easily it flowed with so many rehearsals, and snapped, “Don’t tell me the same thing you told me earlier or yesterday, tell me something different! I do not want my meals chewed for me, or my thoughts lulled to sleep. Tell me again about the Opalot and how you fled their midst. Did others flee with you to the Lapuris?”
“Yes, about a handful.”
“Did any of them die? Some of the handful had to be infected, why did they not die? And why not you?”
“I do not know. How many times have you asked me that? How many times must I answer that I don’t know?”
“Well what did the Lapuris say about why they were not ravaged by the sickness that raged all around them?”
“I don’t know. They said something about living a clean life, free of evil, free of harm. I could make no head nor tail of it.”
“What do you suppose it meant?” Chaiko puzzled, agonizingly aware of how many times they had been over this same ground. Still of everything, this sounded the most promising, their only ray of hope. What was it that kept the Lapuris safe? Something even they did not know about? Had they known it, they would have surely proclaimed it.
“Meant? How many times have I to repeat that I do not know?” Ushi barked at his tormentor.
“One more time at least,” said Chaiko in more reasonable tones, but remained unrelenting. “I know we have been over this before. But this time I do not want you to think about it but say the first thing that comes into your head. So the Lapuris thought that they were protected from the sickness because ..?”
“Because they lived right?”
“How right?”
“Clean.”
“How clean?”
“Very clean. They were always washing themselves. Always purifying themselves.”
“We use soap-roots and clay clumps. You said they use the same. Do they use something else? Something special that we don’t?”
“No, the same. They use sweet grass to smoke and to sweat. That is all.”
“We use sweet grass, too,” Chaiko puzzled, shaking his head. “Well, let’s go over this again.” Ushi groaned, but Chaiko dragged him through it again. Still nothing new surfaced. They were both exhausted. Chaiko could not even think of a single question to ask him. “Good, go to sleep, I will need you tomorrow.” Ushi crawled off.
For a while Chaiko saw nothing and heard nothing; his mind simply refused to think. Then slowly, thoughts emerged, tempting him this way and that way, any way but onto the problem at hand. The more he tried to grapple with it the more rebellious his thoughts became. “I am shaman of my people, servant of the Standing-Rock Clan, Master-of-Falcon, Master-of-Magic some even claim. With all my power… with all my will, I command you to obey.” Slowly, word by word, Chaiko gained control of his mind.
There was one thought he had not investigated. If there was magic in him, then this would be a good time to find out, he reasoned. But no matter what point he tried to argue it from, he could not find access to this magic. Will it! Command it! a recess of his mind suggested. Did not the Eagle obey you twice? Perhaps even this sickness would. So he did the implausible, the impossible, the inconceivable. He commanded the sickness to depart. Over and over again. Be gone! Yield up your sick, restore them to health! His head started pounding again and he relaxed against the rising pain to let the blood flow. Exhausted, between thoughts, he fell asleep.

Chapter 13
Chaiko awoke with a start, opening his eyes to a painful burst of daylight. He blinked, and tried again to squint into the harsh light. The sun was high already and everything sparkled. Chaiko groaned, then he suddenly remembered why. The sickness was stalking the camp and there was a smell of death in the air. From farther off, sounds of crying came to him. He looked toward the flar. Saw Ushi, half in and half out of it, where he had collapsed exhausted the night before. “Why did you wake me?” Ushi had asked. Good question, why had Chaiko himself awakened into this nightmare? Surely it would have been more pleasant and peaceful to sleep through all this worry and anguish. He took a deep breath and reminded himself that he was the shaman of the Standing-Rock Clan, and that it was his office to worry about the well-being of his people.
Painfully he stood up. His muscles were stiff from sleeping seated and he had not taken his wooden leg off for days. The ground swayed beneath him and he nearly fell. Slowly, with small steps he approached the flar. Dawn was already up, wiping Tara’s face to ease the flush of heat. She gave her water which Tara drank with little sips that had none of the greediness of the day before. Dawn and Chaiko exchanged worried glances. This was a bad sign. Today was the third day of her illness, and she could die today. Motioning to Dawn, he drew her out of hearing. “What do you think?”
“I do not know. Years ago we had this and a great many died but more survived than died. She is very weak, barely has strength to lift her arms.” Dawn’s face showed her anxiety.
“If we can get through three more days we should be safe, the illness will have burned itself out,” he said, thinking aloud. Seeing Dawn’s questioning look, he added, “An outbreak like this seems to last about eight days, and we are into the fifth or sixth day of this thing after which it dies out like fire starved of wood. More I do not know.” He shrugged apologetically.
“You poor dear,” Dawn thought, “you always take all these challenges so personally, as if the whole world stood or crumbled because of what you did or did not do.” She rose on her tiptoes and kissed him between his eyebrows. For an instant her touch felt real and for an instant he felt human, then the realities of their situation flooded in. Wearily he stumbled back to the fire to stir it back to life. What to do now? What could he do? What could any of them do?
It was strange to see so few people about. A big camp like this would normally be full of motion and activity. Occasionally through the flars he glimpsed a sad procession winding its way up the hill to the north, where the Ekulan buried their dead. The sound of grief came faintly to him, shrouded by its very own sadness, for death was reaping a harvest that nobody could stop. This was already the second day of burials.
Chandar emerged from the flar. Disoriented, he stumbled about, his eyes clouded and confused. Was he sick, Chaiko worried, or was he driving himself crazy on account of Tara? He grabbed the young man, made him sit by the fire and pressed the water bag into his hands. Chandar drank because he could not think why not to, then rose to go and relieve himself. In his absence, Dawn went to clean Tara up, her nose assaulted by the strong smell of sickness and weeping sores. Tara’s eyes opened, found Dawn’s and a painful grimace stretched her lips thinner still. “Thank you,” the girl said but in Tolmec, forgetting perhaps where she was, but Dawn understood the eyes. The gesture then died out and she sank back into her stupor. Dawn hurried to bury the soiled items somewhere. A little later Chandar returned to lay down beside Tara. He took her hand and he willed them on to fight a sickness he could see and smell in her sores.
Suddenly, angry shouting broke out nearby and a woman with disheveled hair appeared from among the flars. On seeing them, she started shouting and waving her fist at the guests. “You dirty strangers! You brought this sickness on us. And now my son is dead and my daughter is dying. You should be killed slowly and made to suffer as my son... oh my dear son, where are you…?” A man appeared beside her, trying to calm her. A voice spoke out of the crowd that collected around the commotion; “Don’t stop her. She’s right. These strangers brought this sickness on us. Who else? We were healthy before they came and now we are dying like flies in winter because they are among us. Everyone knows that strangers are dirty...” More voices seemed to join the chorus.
“Punish the strangers... They are responsible... Kill them... Kill them all!” The crowd grew, the noise drawing even more, giving them a target for their grief and anguish. A stone flew out of the crowd and hit the stiff hide of the flar. Then another flew and soon a storm of stones pelted the flar. Chaiko hastily retreated to the flar to shield his mate and child. Ushi was struggling into awareness having been hit by a stone, a thin trickle of blood seeping from a cut on his cheek. He was awakening into a worse nightmare than he had left the night before. Gingerly he explored his cheek and looked at the growing crowd milling about, ready to charge them. Riled up as hornets, finding a focus for all their anger.
Chaiko yelled, “We did not bring this sickness on you.” But the crowd was in no mood to listen or to be deprived of revenge, and more rocks flew. One hit Chaiko on the shoulder but he barely felt it. A big man to the fore yelled, “Kill all strangers!” The crowd surged forward. Chaiko reached his hand behind into which Dawn slapped Falcon. With practiced ease he bent the wood and spanned the string across its ends. Dawn passed him a talon, and with one smooth motion, he sent the talon whistling on its way to hit the big man in the middle of his chest. It took the crowd two more steps to realize what had happened and by then, another body lay lifeless on the ground. Suddenly the rush stopped and the front line tried to pull back from the push of the rest.
“The next one who steps forward dies,” Chaiko promised in a loud, deadly voice. He aimed the talon and swept it along the front-line of the crowd which staggered back a step to be out of its way. Two bodies lay motionless on the ground, a talon sticking out of each, blood slowly seeping by the shafts. The anger died as the crowd took one more step back. Then just as quickly as it had formed, the crowd melted away, leaving the two corpses behind. Chaiko let the tension out of Falcon and spat on the ground in disgust at himself and the situation that forced him to kill two men. But it was the only way he could protect his people. “By thundering hooves of bison, may the rotten maggots turn in their foul carcasses...” but the curse died on his lips as the sadness of the deaths overtook him. Dawn, crying beside him gently, was shaking convulsively. Ushi finally got to his feet, found his Falcon and stood beside Chaiko. But there was no threat from the dead men and no one else showed. There was ominous quiet from the other side, though in the far, far distance, crying could be heard.
Raising himself Chandar asked, “What is happening?” stupidly blinking at the dead men. A young child emerged from between the flars, took a few hesitant steps toward the men on the ground, then with a piercing cry of anguish, ran to one of the motionless forms. “Attu, Attu,” the child cried, with his hands trying to awaken his father. Chaiko’s face contorted in pain as he raised the Falcon he had made from nothing, wanting to break it on his knee. But his wooden leg alone could not balance him and he nearly fell. Ushi grabbed him and steadied him. “Easy, easy. Watch yourself! Calm down!” He led the shaman aside, helped him down onto the ground and took Falcon from his hand. Dawn brought him the water bag.
“I did not want to kill them,” Chaiko said, his voice cracking, “but there was no time to do anything else.”
“I know,” Dawn said, wiping his tears away. “You were protecting your family.”
Then there was deep quiet everywhere, so quiet that the blood drummed in their ears and each heartbeat seemed like an earthquake. But that too passed. The dead remained where they lay, and after a long while the boy left. Nobody else came to accuse them or seek revenge. There was a much bigger killer loose in the midst of them.
Everyone settled down after that. The three men ranged themselves in front of the flar, Falcons within easy reach, talons stuck into the ground, ready to use. Dawn took Yael inside to be with Tara. The men looked at each other, wondering what would come next. But nothing happened a long while. A few black birds collected and made their usual raucous noises, watching the bodies on the ground. Some grew bolder and dared to come nearer still, encouraging the others. Finally, one landed on the back of one of the bodies. Ushi swore, took a stone and threw it at the offending bird. At the disturbance the whole flock of them took to the air, amidst a great flapping of wings, and complaining loudly, scattered in all directions. Ushi went over to the corpses, drew the arrows from each, then dragged them a little closer to their camps, better to repel the birds again. More he did not know to do.
At midday, they were all apathetically chewing on some leftover meat, certainly not from hunger, but from holding onto a semblance of routine. Chaiko’s eyes roved about listlessly as he struggled with some inner thoughts. This had been a cursed trip. He had intended this to be a gift to Dawn for her to see her family, to tell them she was all right and prospering among the clan. But now they were faced with all these complications. Instead of finding her family, Dawn had been disavowed. Instead of a joyous reunion, they were fighting for their lives against a great evil stalking them. Now there were two bodies that would have to be reckoned with. Was there a solution to all this? Chaiko shook his head, downcast and hopeless.
He looked at Ushi and Chandar. Both seemed unresponsive and flat. Tara lay motionless, her chest barely rising and falling as she panted in short, shallow little gasps of air. Dawn was hugging Yael to her body rocking back and forth, trying to console herself. Somehow Chaiko did not like the looks of that. “Is she sick?” flashed through him, but her color was good, not ashen like Tara’s had been. The thin wail of his son reached his ears and a further shock went through his body. It had none of Yael’s usual robust, demanding tones. Chaiko stumbled to his feet and strode over to the flar to peer over Dawn’s shoulder at his son. Dawn shielded the boy with her body and mumbled, “He’s all right, you will see. There is nothing wrong with him.” But she did not let Chaiko see and he had to steal looks to find the boy sweating, with little splotches on his forehead.
“When?” he ground out through clenched teeth, mad at the world, and most of all, mad at himself for ever proposing this trip.
“Just now,” Dawn’s voice cracked, “just before the mob ...”
“First day!” flashed through his mind. His son had maybe two more days left to live. Of the five of them, two were down. His mind protested, that is two in five! Unfair! It was supposed to be one in three. Then, why wasn’t it him?
He forced himself to quiet. He must do something. But what, what else could he try? He looked at Ushi, but they had tried that route too often, there was nothing left there. Make fire, his mind suggested, and because there was nothing else for him to do, he made fire, watching the flames devour the wood, just as the sickness was devouring them. As the twigs were consumed the flames gave up their exuberance and receded into themselves. Like the sickness will in time, but will it be in time for them? For Yael? For Tara?
His mind then became icily calm as all of his thoughts focused on this one question of their survival. But no matter from where he proceeded, nothing suggested itself. The magic commands of the night before obviously hadn’t worked. Nothing had worked. Yet there was still this one shred of hope sustained by nothing but itself. There was no reason that he could feed it, no argument to nourish it with, yet it persisted now to provoke him. Anger rose in him and he wanted to shred this last vestige too, and be done with it. But instead, he forced his mind into icy calmness again.
Heavily Chaiko rose, walked over to Dawn, put his hand on her hair, and wished as he had never wished before. Then he stroked his son’s face, and felt the heat building up in him. Heal, he commanded, but had no confidence in the words. Then slowly and determined he walked away from the flar.
Ushi watched him leave one step at a time, pass beyond a pile of fire wood then disappear behind the line of flars, and still he could not believe his eyes. The shaman could not simply leave them at a time like this. The trader grabbed a Falcon and thrust it into Chandar’s arms, blurting, “Guard them,” indicating the rest and started running after the shaman.
“Wait, wait!” he yelled after Chaiko but the shaman did not, but continued out of camp. They passed a group of people struggling with the sad load of a relative to burial hill. They did not look at each other, everyone busy with their tasks. But Ushi could not understand the shaman, where was he going, up the hill? The sense of unreality that had been nagging him over the past two days wholly took control of him, and he wondered if he was going crazy or if the shaman was. He finally caught up with him on the brow of the hill, surprised that a man with a wooden leg could so outdistance him.
“Where are you going?” Ushi yelled, plucking at the shaman’s covering. Slowly Chaiko turned toward him, his eyes so wide open as to freeze Ushi’s blood. He must be looking into the spirit world! Ushi thought.
“Where are you going?” the trader asked again.
“To find... something...” Chaiko said, his look still far away.
“Find what?” Who was crazier here, he or the shaman?
“I must find the Rainbow Gate.” That was when Ushi believed the shaman to be completely mad.
“The Rainbow what?” the trader stammered.
“The Rainbow Gate... beyond which lies all knowledge, where all the secrets are made manifest, where all answers lie open to questions that have not been asked yet.”
Ushi let him go but followed as Chaiko continued uphill till they finally reached the very top. Ushi stopped, panting. Where was the shaman going to go, now that they had run out of hill to climb? But Chaiko surprised him again, for he turned, sat down on a rock and gazed out the way they had come. There was a good view of the camp and the surrounding countryside. Big-Muddy flowed on in its sluggish way, full of mud.
“Sometimes we are too close to things we are trying to observe, and need to find the proper distance to see things in the right proportion. Down there, I could think only with my worries. But here... under an open sky... warm sunshine... I can see the distance of the way we have come into the very hills we crossed.
“Look how small people look there below, like ants awaiting their fate. From here I can see my people struggling. Learning from the bear to live in caves. Learning from the wolves to hunt together in packs. Yes and taking the gift of the sky to warm the cave and give it a heart. Make tools of sticks. Make weapons of stone.
“Who else does that but man? Certainly no animal.” Then he was silent for a long spell. And Ushi thought perhaps he had fallen asleep with his eyes still open.
“Have you not thought we are much like many animals? Certainly akin to bears, for we walk on two legs like them. But we are born into a world, we eat, we drink and we grow much like them. Then we mate and pass on our seed for the next generation to be born. Then we wither in old age and die, just like other animals.” A long pause followed again and Ushi thought that the shaman had forgotten him.
“But we are very, very different from them. Sure, we pass along our bloodlines, like animals, but we pass along more, much more. We pass to the next generations all our knowledge that we have tied up in words. All that has been given to us and all that we have ourselves learned. No animal does that. So what my father learned I know, yea even what my father’s father knew. But still more, in my lifetime I have learned a few things myself, which I would pass onto my son if this sickness spares him.
“Thus each generation should be stronger then the last and know more than the last. Look, I have found Falcon, and henceforth people can use it. I have thus changed my life and that of coming generations.” He grew silent again until Ushi thought he would speak no more.
“Did you not ask where we came from? Was the Earth-Mother just a child’s tale? Why are we here at all? Just to be born, live a short span—only to die? Any animal does as much. There should be some purpose to life. Do only spirits know such things? Why then do they keep quiet? Would not the spirit of my father tell me... if he could? Why? Why? Why?
“Perhaps there is no Rainbow-Gate at all. Perhaps we are meant to wrest knowledge from nature, the things that nature hides in layers of secrets, to peel away one at the time to find something really worthwhile beneath.” Chaiko looked out over the broad valley, his face so composed and calm that Ushi could scarcely believe his detachment, having seen his pain but a short while before.
“My son lies fighting with sickness that could take the strongest of us all, and here I sit on the mountain top looking at the time of man. But here so high above men, above my own pain I can breathe and think.” Again the shaman fell quiet.
“Perhaps there is no defense against this evil plague, yet wherever I look there is a balance to things. Each thing, even the strongest, has an enemy. The deer fears the wolf; wolf fears the bear; yet bear has learned to fear man. And men fear other men. I expect it is the same in the spirit world. Good against evil. Greed against generosity. This sickness must have an enemy as well. Were it not so, it would have killed all men already. We need to find its weakness.
“All I know of this dread disease is what you told me. And of everything you told me I feel convinced that the Lapuris found some way to defeat this evil thing. But what? You tell me it was not the food they ate. You tell me it was not the drinks they drank. It was not herbs or strange concoctions. But there was at least one thing they did, that no one else did, and that one thing kept them safe all these years.”
“What was it?” Ushi asked. “Do you know?”
“I am beginning to think so, but it might be just the fresh air up here filling my head with fanciful ideas of no significance. I need you to confirm it for me.” Chaiko’s eyes were intensely brilliant as they focused on Ushi. “What did the Lapuris do all these years that no one else did? Think!”
“They were like us, no different,” Ushi protested. Then like lightning it flashed through the darkness of his confusion, with startling clarity, the one thing that they did that no one else did. His mouth fell open. But how could such a small thing like that make such a difference?
“So. Now you see too?” Chaiko asked, his detachment still on him. “I think we have a lot to do.” With that he stood up and the two of them raced down the hill as fast as Chaiko’s wooden leg allowed. Twice he fell and skidded on grass and stones, but Ushi helped him up and they hurried on.
“Do you think it will work?” Ushi asked, still not believing that the illness, even death, could be held at bay by such a simple thing.
“We can but try,” Chaiko replied tensely.
They ran through the ring of flars, Chaiko with his lopsided wooden gait, awkward in his hurry. The stump of his leg hurt from the pounding of their pace, but he ignored it. Finally they were back, looking breathlessly at Chandar and Dawn, unable to move from the piercing pain in their sides. Both Dawn and Chandar were alarmed by their sudden appearance, by the wild and disheveled look about them.
“Get... fire… wood,” Chaiko panted an order to Chandar, who looked astonished at him. “Go!... Now!” And Chandar hurried off.
“Get ... the ... cooking ... stones!” he commanded Dawn. “Now!” he added when she was slow to respond. Chaiko pressed his heaving sides, still paralyzed and short of breath. “Seal... the flar!” he told Ushi and the trader moved off to comply.
Chaiko dropped beside the fire and using a handful of kindling, stirred the flames to life. He piled branches and wood on top of it. He mumbled, as he did so, an ancient spellbind:
“Fire, fire, be my light
Burn out this evil blight
Make ashes of its curse
Before it gets any worse…”

When Dawn returned with the cooking stones, he motioned for her to put them into the fire, right among the flames. She did as she was told, not asking any questions, but she recognized that purposeful look about him. Still, she dared not to hope.
Chandar came back with an armful of firewood. Chaiko had one word for him, “More!”
“Ready,” Ushi said, and Chaiko looked to see the flar shut tight to every side, flat stones holding down the hide to the ground.
“Give me a tough skin,” Chaiko directed Dawn. He started to move the stones to the edge of the fire, with two leg bones of an Elk. Dawn brought him the skin, spread it out on the ground and watched astonished as he rolled the hot, hot stones onto it. Then he got up and he and Ushi dragged the stones into the flar. Chaiko again stuck his head out and ordered, “Water.” She hurriedly brought the water bag inside the flar.
“Close the flap tight,” Chaiko instructed and waited as she did so, then they were lost in darkness. “Sit down!” he told her, then asked, “Ready?” into the darkness.
“Ready,” Ushi replied.
Dawn then heard a hissing sound as water was splashed over the hot stones. A wave of heat billowed up and hit her full on, nearly scalding the lining of her nose. Her hands flew up to protect her face as she recoiled from the heat of the rising steam. In the darkness, Ushi coughed; caught off guard, he had sucked the heat fully into his lungs.
“We will need light in here,” Chaiko said, “to see what we are doing.”
“What are we doing?” Dawn asked in a small voice.
“We are making heat,” Chaiko said, “Hot, hot heat.” Dawn had to admit that they must have succeeded for the heat was becoming unbearable and it was hard even to breathe. “Lie down on the ground, but mind the stones,” Chaiko suggested and as she did so the heat was easier to bear. Soon she was covered in sweat running down her nose and between her breasts. It was a very strange sensation, so much heat. Why were they doing this?
“Do you think it will work?” Ushi asked. So he was not sure, Dawn thought.
“It has to,” Chaiko said firmly, but Dawn’s heart sank anew: so he was not sure either.
“Please heat more stones,” Chaiko told Dawn, “and we need some fire in here for light or some such thing.” It was dangerous to bring fire into a flar among the stuffing of river grass used for the sleeping places. But Chaiko had been very clear—bring light.
When she returned with a new load of heated stones the interior had cooled somewhat. Dawn spilled the rocks from the skin onto the rest and Chaiko splashed some water onto it. Once again the stones hissed angrily, the steam rose into the air stifling hot and it became instantly hard to breathe again. Dawn hugged the ground where it was easier to endure the heat. The sweat plastered her hair down and filled her nose and she smelled strange smells that she was sure could not be. How can steam smell of wild apples and burned grass?
Then they took turns going outside, for it was dizzying to stay too long in there. They changed stones, reheating them again and again. The sides of the flar were heavy with sweat even on the outside. Chandar did simply as he was told, not knowing how it was going to help; he was sure only that it would. The shaman had proved his wisdom so often that surely nothing was beyond him.
Finally Chaiko said, “That must be enough.” They let the stones cool and did not replace them. It was still light enough to see, when they finally lifted the flaps and the sides of the flar that both forms were sleeping peacefully enough, a flushed rosy color to their cheeks.
“Are they healed?” Dawn asked not daring to believe her eyes.
“I think so,” Chaiko responded. He leaned over Tara. Her eyes fluttered, opened and closed. Chaiko let out his breath. Her eyes were clear, not opaque or confused. He lifted his son and peered closely at him. The skin glowed still from an inner heat, but the sickly sheen was gone. The sores were open but no longer weeping. The child’s breath was even and he seemed to be sleeping. “If it worked for the Lapuris it has to work for us,” he said then turned to Ushi. “Go get Fire-Dancer and bring her child.” Ushi nodded and was on his way. To Chandar he said, “More fire wood.” Chandar too hurried away. Chaiko built a small fire in the flar for light and when Chandar returned again, they carried Tara and Yael outside. “I think they have had enough already.” They set the two near the outside fire, out of the way. Dawn claimed her son, clutching him protectively to her. His breathing was much improved, deep and regular, and there was no sign of distress on his face. Dawn took heart at this and was daring to start hoping. She rocked back and forth, the small bundle tight in her arms.
Led by Ushi, Fire-Dancer arrived, a limp child in her arms. Hollow-Tree was with them, bringing another distant relation with them also with a sick child. In a loud voice Dawn had to order Doe over to bring her sick child. They crowded all of them into the flar and poured water onto the hot stones. Instantly the steam filled the interior with stifling heat that embraced them all and reached through their lungs into the core of their bodies. Chandar dragged freshly heated stones to the sweat-lodge and passed them inside. In-between, Chandar hovered by Tara’s side, fearful of the sickness returning.
They worked into the night, taking turns. Finally Chaiko had to give up as he could no longer stand the heat and had become dizzy within the close confines of the flar. The children were brought out, greatly improved. Their restlessness was gone and when they cooled down their fever seemed banished. They remained in deep sleep, with strong, regular breathing. The mothers sobbed in relief, hoping that they were not dreaming, hoping that the nightmare was really over.
Hollow-Tree, impressed beyond measure, ran through the whole camp shouting instructions about what do. In his wake, suddenly, fires sprang up everywhere as people scurried about looking for wood to burn and rocks to heat. In places, huts were dismantled and fed to the flames. There were purposeful noises from all about, as flar after flar was turned into a sweat-lodge. Soon the Ekulan were advising each other on variations that worked particularly well.
By morning light people were jubilant, seeing tremendous improvement. People had gone into the heat sick and dying, but left it peaceful if somewhat exhausted. Runners were sent to other rowes to tell them what to do. It was clear that the treatment had worked; with time passing there was no reported relapse. Although there was still some residual concern that perhaps the effect was only temporary, more and more people were convinced for they badly wanted to believe that the danger was past. It was widely circulated how the strangers had done this, and had shown the Ekulan what they needed to do. The Ekulan were incredulous that strangers would know such a cure and were suddenly praising the strangers whom not so long ago they had cursed for bringing this pestilence upon them. The two dead bodies also disappeared with no mention of them again. Officially, it was later said they died of the sickness and were buried with the rest.
As the days progressed, the sick further improved. And anybody who showed the slightest sign or indication of the illness was made to sit in a sweat-lodge, forced to sweat and sweat. One poor creature, a boy of about thirteen suffering from a cold, was repeatedly stuck in there to sweat after an ill advised sneeze. It was soon discovered that his cold was gone and this was claimed also to be a new treatment of colds.
For a while at least, peace and quiet returned to the camp, and Chaiko and Dawn could enjoy some rest with their son between them. When next time Yael awoke he cried insistently, wanting to be fed. Tara also asked for food and ate all they offered rapaciously. When she was done she asked for more, but Dawn thought it wise for her to go easy, and gave her just a little. Chandar was beside himself with joy, unable to get enough of an improving Tara. She smiled at him gladly while trying to hide her face with its hideous scabs, but he would have none of it, insisting on stroking her cheeks and kissing the top of her nose that had no blemishes.
Dawn felt so grateful that her little son was spared that she took Chaiko’s hands and would have kissed them so much in gratitude that she surely would have worn all skin from them. “Don’t thank me, thank Ushi. It was his experience that saved us. He had been to the Lapuris, not me.”
But Ushi declined the honor altogether. “It is true I was at the Lapuris long, long ago, and over the last two days even more often, but it was not me who figured it all out, it was Chaiko. All your thanks are due him.” So whether Chaiko wanted to or not, he had to suffer all the people showing great gratitude to him, the most ardent of whom was Dawn.
But Chaiko was tired and weary. He had pushed himself so much, both physically and mentally that he found all this sudden adulation tiresome and depressing. He tried to show a cheerful face, but he was nervous and reacted with irritation to any sudden noise or movement. At times, as he played with his son, he lost himself, and stopped worrying. But his mind refused to grapple even with the most banal of problems. The others had to shield him, as Dawn instructed, which they valiantly did.

At mealtime around the fire Chaiko finally burst out crying. Other people had been saved but only Chaiko knew how close a thing it had really been. His stubbornness had kept him at it, and he had wielded his questions relentlessly as a battering-ram to break down Ushi’s resistance, nearly driving his friend insane. He saw that the difference had been his resolve alone and felt the awesome burden of it. Why does it have to be me? he asked himself. Dawn held onto him. The others murmured sympathetically, accepting the tension pouring out of him.

Three days later almost all signs of the illness disappeared from Tara’s face and she started to win some of her humor back. At first she laughed at the least little thing, whether it was funny or not. She was famished, devouring everything given to her but still she asked for more. Again Dawn cautiously held her back. But after a few days she looked better, having regained some of the weight she had lost. Chandar even claimed that her disposition had improved considerably, at which she laughed heartily as if he had indeed said something really witty.
Interestingly, the camp seemed to react the same way. After that scare of death and the burials, people cast off their sorrows and wanted to celebrate. Neighbors joined neighbors and together all celebrated. Long into the night the noise of their revels could be heard from everywhere.
Delegations from other rowes arrived, bringing the gratitude of their people with them by flooding their honored guests’ camp with gifts. Ushi accepted them all, speaking voluminously in rapidly improving Ekulan, but all his mistakes were overlooked and at times even applauded. It did not take long for Ushi to take advantage of his newfound popularity, swiftly acquiring several relationships to amuse him. Soon he complained of being tired all the time.
In the meantime Dawn watched over the privacy of her mate, politely but firmly heading off any interruption from even the highest of sources, the Council of Elders themselves. She told them politely that Chaiko himself was sick and exhausted, needing time to recover. As everyone knew this to be true, even the Council had to accept this.
Interestingly, the aftermath of this dread disease liberated the people from their stilted, formal style of life so that they behaved more naturally with each other. But as the days passed, they reverted to their old behavior, where everything was calculated beforehand and all things formalized. Too much freedom was a heady thing, not always convenient or for that matter, not all that comfortable.
Dawn’s family visited several times, but it was hard to find time or space because of the throng of people who came to express their gratitude or who wanted to look at such a famous figure as Chaiko had become. He was promoted from the status of a stranger to that of the mate of one of their own. Thus, what the Council had refused to do, people did by claiming him.
Not everything was light and joyous. In midst of general celebrations, a woman slipped through the protection around Chaiko and accosted him, crying accusingly, “Why did you wait so long? Why did you wait to show us your cure until my son and mate were dead? Why? Could you not have hurried? They would not be lying in the cold earth now upon burial hill.” People rushed to silence her, but Chaiko waved them off. He stood there, head bowed, and accepted the blame of her anguish. Yes, he too had counted the number who had died; the ones he was not in time to save. The woman broke down and sobbing, was led away. There was a brief quiet in the wake of the incident, but not for long because people wanted to, needed to celebrate.
Strangely, the encounter freed Chaiko of his lethargy. He had to forgive himself, as the woman had named it, for being so late. He had done his best and could think of no other thing he had left untried. He wrestled with his conscience over this, but finally laid the burden of it down and turned his back on it. There were too many problems in their future to worry any longer over the past. A man has strength to carry only so much and no more, so the more he carries the less he can add to it.
Chaiko awoke the next morning, feeling refreshed and with reawakened appetite, as was his hunger for life. He smiled at Dawn who beamed back at him. He played with Yael, not oppressed by how close they had come to losing him to the sickness. He bounced the boy up and down on his knees, his son bubbling with excitement. The splotches had disappeared from his skin. Dawn was utterly relieved and filled with an immense gratitude to her mate for saving their son. In those moments of anguish she had lost her customary fatalism, realizing that she could never have been reconciled to the loss of her son. In that, there was no harmony to be found... none whatsoever. This realization was very unsettling to her, for she had long practiced withdrawing into this safe and neutral space within, when overwhelming things occurred around her. Her reaction had become more immediate and protective, even for herself. She would have to find a new balance between accepting things or resisting them.
Tara’s face was still lightly marked, but as the sores faded she no longer looked disfigured. After the initial euphoria she became quiet, almost subdued, for she realized that she did not win this battle on her own. She recognized how close she had been to death, but that impressed her less than Chandar’s readiness to go with her, even into death. She felt grateful to Chaiko for saving her, but again less on her account, more for Chandar’s sake. She could not understand his preoccupation with love, but the self-sacrifice he had shown—that she could well understand. She felt the same way about Cora, wanting to protect her, even at her own expense. The fire fueled by resentment of struggling alone against the world subsided, and she realized that the others around her cared enough to fight for her. It was an uncomfortable feeling, being dependent, but it was also a reassuring one. She resolved to somehow change to fit into this new world, but she was more than a little uncertain about how to do it; it had been much easier to be strong, blustery and rejecting. Yet there was a sense of peace within her that had not been there before.
Chandar was ecstatic. Not only had they survived the pestilence and gained the respect and gratitude of the Ekulan, but his mate had softened and was even smiling at him and allowing him to be more himself, to show his affection without being rejected. Chandar was driven by a need to demonstrate his love for her, but before, she had looked so fierce and hardened against the smallest sign of affection that it forced him to hide it from her. She had not withheld her body, as was her duty to him, but in all other aspects, she had withheld herself. As importantly, she had suddenly ceased to admonish him to be hard, determined and resolute, and tried not to blow him up with all those manly qualities her philosophy of life had held as so important.
Ushi was reaping the windfall from the sudden upsurge of gratitude. People lavished attention on him, considering him to be wise, lucky, even venerable. To his delight, some of the women were not at all averse to showing their respect in rather pleasurable ways. He was much in demand and was rarely seen around the fire. Chaiko thanked him more than once, praising him for his great and detailed recall, without which they would never have stumbled on the cure. Ushi dismissed all credit, saying that it was easy to find something once it was pointed out. He had done nothing but allow Chaiko to pick his brain. “You can walk around in there anytime,” he said with great bravado but Chaiko humorously declined, fearing having to step over so many supine and palpitating bodies. Ushi protested mildly, “Ah, do not belittle those pleasures in life, there is not much else besides.”

Later in the morning, the go-between ToTo showed up. Chaiko smiled, ready to take on the world again. He looked at the eyes and ears of the Council, and its mouthpiece, and wondered in just what new capacity the man was presenting himself today.
“Ah, I am glad to see the hero up and about,” ToTo said in his characteristic light sardonic tone. “The Elders send their greetings and would gladly see you in audience to celebrate this great deliverance.” The man smiled thinly, and continued in an undertone, “Personally, I think they want to stand beside your success and try to look good in the glorious light of it, but my ear did not hear what my mouth just said.” Chaiko thought it was a very convenient skill to have, for one who had so many different roles to fill.
“They want to name a day in your honor,” ToTo added in a way that was at the same time magnanimous and belittling.
“A day?” How is that done?” Chaiko asked intrigued.
“Very simply. They inscribe your name on an honors list kept on a roll of skin. Then if they need to celebrate anything, they might take your name from that list and dedicate the day to you. They do so as long as people remember you or your accomplishments. You should be good for three or four such dedications, but you would be amazed how short the memories of some people are.” Again a wry grimace played upon his face.
But Chaiko’s attention was caught by something else, “Inscribed? With what?”
“With your name.”
“How would they inscribe it?”
“Your mate said Kaiko means turtle in your language, so I guess they will draw a small turtle and call it Kaiko,” the man said shrugging his shoulders indifferently, the question not interesting him in the least.
“Snail. My name means snail,” Chaiko corrected, but a flash of apprehension went through him. The man knew much too much about him for comfort. They must all be more careful in the future. After all, the eyes and the ears of the Council were truly upon them. Then to stir the talk to safer grounds he asked, “How bad was the sickness among the people?”
“Here we lost twenty-nine people, officially that is. But there were a few questions about two of them. Something about unusual circumstances.” The eyes that regarded Chaiko were frosty and unblinking. How is it that even while expressing official gratitude, the go-between could insinuate a veil of threat? Chaiko asked himself.
“It was more than two hundred the last time,” ToTo contributed. “So you can see that we have gotten off lightly this time. A rowe to the north, where the sickness came from, lost about forty out of one hundred and fifty. A heavy loss. But hopefully, that will never happen again, will it?” Then ToTo made ready to leave. “I have to see a few rebellious souls and instruct them on proper conduct. No fractiousness will be tolerated among the Ekulan!” He smiled, leaving no doubt how much he enjoyed his role. After a few steps, he turned back and said, “You know if I did not exist, the Council would have to invent the likes of me.” He put his hand to his chest, visibly swelled up with pride. “I am a good tool,” was the implication, “but what are you?” Aloud he resumed, “There is only power and its alliances. And I am near the source of it.” The good tool then walked away to prove his usefulness again.
Chaiko watched ToTo pass Dawn and Yael playing with Fire-Dancer and Wild-of-Wind. He guessed that the man had no family. He was about to join the rest when the Eku arrived next with his retinue. Chaiko clambered to his feet to greet the man with proper respect. “Welcome, wise one. I did not expect to see you again.”
“Neither did I,” the Eku smiled his toothless smile. “But I wanted to come myself to thank you for saving me.” He indicated the faint traces of the disease on his face. He then dismissed his retinue who, bored with attending him, were glad to withdraw. “How is it that you knew just what to do to cure this evil thing?”
Chaiko explained how they had dredged Ushi’s memory looking for some clues about the illness and how they had come upon the Lapuris, who seemed immune it. After that it was just a matter of finding what had made them so special.
“That is good reasoning,” the Eku praised, “to find the one thing that made them different.”
“We were lucky,” Chaiko replied, detracting from his accomplishment. “Since then we have also discovered that they were addicted to sharp-root, horseradish. They took great delight in introducing hapless newcomers to this spicy vegetable and then seeing what reactions they could elicit. This too set them apart from the rest, but I am very glad it was their sweat-lodge that did the trick, for I do not know where horseradish can be found around here.”
The old man nodded. “How do you think the cure really works?”
Chaiko considered the question thoughtfully. “Perhaps it is the heat, perhaps it is the sweating. I do not really know. But sometimes we fight fire with fire, burning off the fuel that feeds it, starving it. Perhaps one day we shall know. Today, it is enough that it works. I am just glad that it did, for all our sakes.” Both men nodded gratefully at that. But then Chaiko added pensively, still looking for more to extract from the experience, “We are often driven by results alone, and the answers must wait for later understanding. We still do not know what this disease is, how it stalks us, how it harvests among us.”
“Well it is a great thing that you have robbed it of power and liberated people from the fear of it.”

Two days later the Grand Council of the Ekulan summoned Chaiko and his companions for a commemoration ceremony. Eagle-on-High was instructed to lead the procession to the Commons, the central meeting place.
So it came about that at the appointed time Chaiko, and the rest with him, wound their way along a narrow pathway among the assembled multitude. Many people came from the other rowes to be part of these festivities. The men waved bundles of cattails, a symbol of power and homage, and the women cast seeds and flower blossoms at them. People applauded and cheered when they saw them coming. Dawn’s face shone with pride as she walked beside her mate and father. From time to time she would lift Yael high to show him all the assembled, so that he would remember this day when the Ekulan honored his father. Just a step behind them, Tara remained impassive, well remembering their first reception. But when Chandar plucked a flower out of midair and offered it to her, her face softened into a smile.
Ushi, perhaps more than anyone, enjoyed the grand spectacle. So many women scattering blossoms in his path. Appropriate, he thought. He too picked up a flower thrown at him and offered it to an attractive woman in the second row of the press. She covered her face and blushed fetchingly. It did not bother him that he could not remember if he had already lain with her or not. For what did it matter after all? There were so many blooms of different shapes and colors in a field of flowers to view. His heart sang and rejoiced.
ToTo completed the procession in the rear, strutting self-importantly. After all he was the Council’s stamp of approval on this thing. Accolades greeted their progress as people opened a respectful path for them.
At the center place, the Commons, the crowd was immense. There seemed hardly room enough to breathe, so dense was the press. Only a small place was kept open for the honored guests. Chaiko had never seen such multitudes so closely packed, not even at Gatherings he had attended. He was a person used to looking into faces and reading meaning into them, but here, to be confronted by all these people, a profusion of faces like waving seed pods of grass, was totally overwhelming. How was he to look each one in the eye? he thought a bit nauseated.
The Head-Elder gave a welcoming speech but still distracted, Chaiko missed most of it. There was mention of Flood, what the Ekulan called the sickness, of great relief that the disease had been stopped and of Chaiko’s role in it. Then there was some talk of a bird, a hawk, and it took him a while to realize that it was his Falcon they were referring to. He forced himself to listen.
“It is claimed that you can shoot this weapon into the darkness and watch it land in the light of day. It is fitting that Eagle-on-High be the custodian of such a weapon, for does not an eagle rule the sky, even a falcon such as this?” There was more, much more, of course, for who could resist filling so many ears with speech? Certainly not an Elder.
Then the Head-Elder held up a piece of skin and showed it to the multitude. “To honor all his services to the Ekulan this day will be designated the day of Kaiko and celebrated according to the custom of our people...” A pandemonium drowned out the rest. People jumped up and down, shouted and waved, for there was no room to do anything else.
Led by the Head-Elder himself the notables descended and came to Chaiko to pound on his back. Up close, they appeared less imposing, one or two even smelling of sour sweat.
“What do you wish for?” the Head-Elder asked Chaiko.
“To have my wife reinstated to the full status of a daughter and an Ekulan,” Chaiko answered without hesitation.
“Granted. What else?”
“To be allowed to go freely among all of the Ekulan.”
“Done.”
“Let Eagle-on-High be elevated to lead his rowe.”
“So it will be ordered,” the Head-Elder nodded, but then showed considerable surprise that no further requests were forthcoming. The Council, having mixed with the common folk and conferred honor upon their guests, returned to their exalted positions. The master of ceremonies stood and held up both his hands commanding quiet. Slowly the noises subsided and the Head-Elder rose again.
“Let it be made known to all the Ekulan that henceforth Kaiko, Doan his mate and their son Yael are one of us and may go freely up and down in our land. The Council also recognizes and approves of their union and their issue. The Council further stipulates that Eagle-on-High may welcome his daughter back into his family. So it is commanded by the Council and I swear by the sacred Elk, by its hooves and antlers that so it shall be!”
“So it shall be!” The crowd echoed back the will of the Council and the will of the multitude. There was again an outbreak of noise and jumping to show the elation people felt. The Council then quickly disappeared. Chaiko and his companions found it harder to extricate themselves from the throng for some people had come far to take a look at the man that was on everybody’s lips and minds. A few pushed a son or a daughter forward for him to bless. Chaiko dutifully did what the situation demanded of him, touched outstretched hands reaching for him and returned hug for hug when a woman threw herself at him. It all felt very unreal for Chaiko, but still he forced himself to smile. Soon he was separated from the rest except for Ushi who fought his way beside him. The trader was enjoying the adulation intensely, for there was a lot left over for him; if people could not reach the sunshine then they made do with its shadow.
To Chaiko the rest was a blur. His arms ached from squeezing countless hands, reaching for so many people and being grabbed so often. He was dazed and did not even realise that he had reached his camp. Dawn and Chandar drew him inside and closed the flaps to keep the curious out. In the dim light, Tara pressed a water bag into his hands from which he drank long and deeply, only now realising how thirsty he was. Dawn massaged his temples and he gratefully relaxed into her hands.
From outside they could hear Ushi still proclaiming all the accomplishments of the great man in his stilted and imperfect Elk. “Any more respect and honor would surely kill me. Where is your father?”
Dawn answered, “He went back to his camp with the rest of the family, as it is too crazy to try to do anything today. He asked that I offer his excuses to you. Will see you tomorrow, he said.”
Chaiko nodded absently. It was good to have the darkness after all the intrusion of faces and people seeking his attention. He had to marvel how smoothly Ushi fit into the whole of the proceedings. In certain things the trader was a glutton, nothing seemed enough. He must tell him, though, that a couple of times in the press he had been requested to warn Ushi to curb his appetite as it pertained to the fairer sex. Chaiko rubbed his face tiredly. Dawn shushed him, caressed his cheeks, kissed his eyes to force them to close. Without realising it, he fell asleep in her arms. The day was nearly done, the sun encroaching on the horizon again, when he awoke much refreshed and in great good humor for having the celebrations behind him. The irony occurred to him that when he was a cripple he longed for recognition, and now that he had it, he hid from it.

The next day was thankfully much quieter. For though the curious still drifted by, they did not intrude into their immediate presence. They made plans with Doan’s family to break camp the next day and head for the Jagged-Feather rowe a half day’s march to the southwest from the main camp.
At noon Dawn had invited Doe and her family to share the evening meal together. Doe was subdued throughout and started crying when it came time to leave. At first only tears flowed, but then sobs surfaced and then all her control was washed away and she bawled. Dawn hurried to her and embraced her, trying to calm her down. Ushi hastened to console the woman but Chandar managed to grab the trader’s wrap and hold him back. To everyone’s surprise, even Tara rose and went to the woman and stroked her hair. She was stiff and awkward, but everyone knew how much effort it took to force herself to show even this much tenderness. Chandar beamed at her proudly and for the rest of the day he was in great humor.
At nightfall, Fire-Dancer and Hollow-Tree came with last minute details of tomorrow’s arrangements. Dawn had finished packing with everything ready for the next morning. Everyone found it difficult to fall asleep. They had been sedentary here for a long time, so they looked forward to traveling again.

First light showed a clear sky and promised a pleasant day. They did not bother to make a fire but ate cold fish and some roots. They swept out the flar, trying to erase any signs of their occupancy. Finally they were ready and set out, first to Doan’s family camp where they found everything dismantled and ready to move. They were greeted by happy shouts as they mixed briefly. Short-Boar was in charge and quickly organized the marching order. Then they set off, a long line heading west. They had hoped to slip away unobserved but just when they cleared the last line of flars a huge multitude appeared to escort them on their way.
Chaiko wondered how it was that again a huge crowd had collected. It seemed that every time he left a place there was a crowd to see him off. Why was that? Had people not enough to do? He really could not understand why they felt compelled to do him this honor. “I am just a man,” he protested to Dawn.
“True, you are a man,” Ushi agreed, “but you are also a great shaman. Next to Bogan I know of no better.”
The mention of Bogan’s name quieted Chaiko, making him pensive on the next stretch. Then at a steep ridge they called Bear-Slope, the escort stopped, waited and watched as the remainder clambered up the slope. Every time someone turned around to look back, a cheer would go up and a forest of hands waved. The crowd waited till the very last of them disappeared over the crest, then they quietly returned to their homes.

Chapter 14
After the steep ridge, the way levelled out and was relatively easy to traverse. Open grasslands alternated with reed-covered bogs that infested any low-lying depression. An occasional strand of trees interrupted their path, or a stream that meandered its way through the gently rolling countryside.
At first, Short-Boar had set a comfortable pace, thinking to go easy on Chaiko, but when he found that despite his wooden leg the shaman could keep up, he increased his stride and from then on they made good progress. Then at Fire-Dancer’s suggestion, he slowed again, not to stress the recently sick. Luckily the weather remained mild, not too hot or bright, just right for travelling.
Occasionally, they flushed a small herd of deer or a family of antelopes out of cover, but more often a bird would take into the air, complaining loudly, and inciting the animals within earshot to flight. Several times they saw a solitary moose standing knee-deep in a bog, ingesting some water-vegetation. It would give them a casual look but return to its chewing. Once they heard the warning growl of a mountain lion as they passed warily by a dense tangle of bushes. Otherwise the journey was for the most part uneventful.
At midday they stopped on a hilltop, ate and rested while Short-Boar pointed out to Chaiko the lay of the land. They were approaching the southern extent of the territory of the Ekulan. A line of hills seemed to ring the valley ahead; now only the opening to the north remained.
“There,” Short-Boar gestured south, “beyond those hills, the Big-Muddy turns into White-Waters, boiling over rocks and forming dangerous rapids.” His outstretched hand described a constriction between the hills where the water had to force its way through obstacles and turn its flow from this side to that. “The elk have to cross the river there three times to continue on their journey and then we do not know where they go. A few have looked, but none returned.” He frowned in that direction for a while, perhaps calculating his own chances of exploring that way and returning. “Occasionally the Tolmecs come to us from that direction.” The set of his mouth was suddenly grim and foreboding.
Then he pointed to a nearby line of woods. “Behind there lies our home, where you can see the smoke. We are about one hundred and forty strong, fishing and hunting when we are not trekking after the elk.” He looked critically at the view. “Our leader is Greying-Owl, and he is ... not what he was in his younger days. His memory is fading,” he said regretfully. “But we had best push on and be there so that they will know how much to cook for all of us.” He rose, roused the rest and they were on their way.
The nearer they got the more excited Dawn became as she pointed out familiar spots to Chaiko. “Look, look. That is where, one year, Fire-Dancer and I and Soft-Cry picked sloe-berries off a bush and came face to face with a young bear cub doing just the same. We ran away in a hurry, I tell you, for the mother bear had to have been nearby.” Her voice was vibrant with the joy of the memory as she looked about eagerly.
“That is where Short-of-Wind died,” she recalled, pointing to some rocks, her face suddenly clouding over by the remembered pain. Chaiko wanted to ask more about it, but he bit back his questions, not wanting to mar her homecoming with morbid considerations.
“Look there, by that tree... Hoar-Bear lifted eight of us children clinging to his staff, carried us over to that mud hole and chucked us all into it. It took me days to get rid of the smell in my hair.”
Hoar-Bear laughed. “I doubt if I could do that now.”
“Especially not now,” Fire-Dancer interjected, “since Laughing-Dog alone weighs twice as much as you.”
Ahead Ushi could be seen talking with Dawn’s parents, turning from one to the other, and as usual his face glowed, animated by the content of his dialogue. Eagle-on-High listened with obvious interest, but his wife, Downy-Swan, wore a mask-like, noncommittal look that Chaiko recognised from his and Dawn’s earliest days. That frozen look she used to hide behind, to conceal her disagreement or even disapproval. Here was the source of it. The more the discrepancy with her view, the more distant and unapproachable her posture became. What was the mother disapproving of? Was it Ushi’s reputation with women? Or was it perhaps the man’s obvious lack of reserve, too much congeniality and imperfect use of speech? Chaiko was glad that Dawn had outgrown this habit of masking her reactions; well almost, he thought.
“Your mother does not seem very taken with Ushi,” he said to Dawn, who was carrying Yael slung in a skin in front of her. She was tickling him to keep him entertained; no doubt he would have preferred scampering around on his own. She glanced toward her mother, instantly a pretty frown on her face. “She likes protocol. Exact and precise protocol, for then she can pretend that everything is as it should be, even perfect. But life rarely is. In her world good form counts above everything.” She smiled at her mate. “I used to be like that. Striving for perfection, always coming short of it.” She lapsed into silence.
“What happened to change your outlook?” Chaiko asked, intrigued.
“I met you,” Dawn murmured, a soft expression suffusing her face. “I then had to spend so much time cultivating you that I had little time to take care of my own outlook. But then I found myself more changed than I was ever able to change you.”
“Surely not?” he asked in mock dismay. “Was I such a challenge?”
“Challenge enough,” she remembered. “But then you were my first real project and I was inexperienced.”
“Why? Do you plan to have more... ah, projects?” he asked, teasing her.
“One, or two more,” she said as she rubbed her stomach significantly. Chaiko sobered immediately, flooded with fresh worry. Was this trip not too much for her? He took Yael into his arms and lifted him onto his shoulders where the boy could look around at the larger world that awaited his discovery.
Behind them, Tara and Chandar were trying to figure out what Rainbow was saying. They had not endeavoured to acquire Elk, so even simple conversation was beyond them. With the curiosity of a child, Rainbow was holding some flowers out to them asking them something, her face betraying her puzzlement. Grownups were supposed to know everything, but these two were useless. Tara felt her frustration rising, but swallowed her irritation, took the flowers from the little girl, smelled them noisily then gave the bouquet back to her with some words of thanks. Rainbow looked at them solemnly, then turned and skipped off.
“What do you suppose she wanted?” Tara asked, looking after the child.
“I have no idea,” Chandar said, shrugging his shoulders; moreover, he was not all that interested: when crossing a stream a ways back, he had scratched the sole of his foot on a sharp stone and now it was bothering him increasingly. As well, this late in the summer the vegetation was high, hard and at times spiky. Chandar found himself picking burs and thistles out of his hair and attire from even the most casual contact.
They were now approaching some woods beyond which rising smoke was visible.
“It seems that we’re about to arrive somewhere,” Chandar said.
Tara looked ahead and up at the sky. “Yes. We are almost someplace.” Then she frowned and her tone hardened. “I hope they are not going to ogle me as if they have never seen a woman before with a fighting stick and the skill to use it.” And she twirled her staff in her hand.
“Why, of course, every man will look at you and envy me for your beauty,” he answered trying to soften the coming ordeal of inspection.
“The men?” She waved her hand dismissively, “I am used to that. It is the women I get tired of. They mince their words, mince their steps, pretending to be so harmless. But I tell you there is nothing sharper than a woman’s tongue that cuts deep and causes harm and damage. Beware of soft words spoken behind your back.”
“Then I must remember to be thankful that you have only a staff to beat me with,” he chuckled.
She looked at him with a flash of irritation. “Well, I warned you that you must learn to be harder and more demanding if you want to be my mate. I am not one of those simpering women who fawns and dotes on her mate as if there were nothing else worthwhile in life. If you want something from me, you either have to earn it or take it from me. I warned you that you have to be harder, more resolute.”
“Was I not hard enough the other night?” he asked with marked innocence.
“That you were,” she smiled, softening. “But if you were to use your weapon with equal skill, you would surely be a great champion.”
He lashed out playfully with his staff, but she easily anticipated and blocked it. At the sound of wood on wood Chaiko looked back and chided them. “We do not want to give these people the wrong impression on what customs prevail among the clan between a man and a woman, now do we?”
“No, of course not,” both hurried to assure him, but Chandar was grinning from ear to ear; he was not above injecting some play into the decorum. Tara watched him suspiciously. What was he up to? She had better let him walk ahead of her.
The line of people was passing through the forest. A thick canopy above them hid the sky, but up ahead at the edge of the woods light was discernible and the sound of a busy camp reached them. After a few more steps they all blinked as they emerged into brightness. Spread out ahead lay the camp arranged in the roughly circular pattern of flars with the open space in the middle after the manner of the Ekulan. A stream cut through the camp at its east edge and there was a wide field of grass on the other side.
Numerous fires burned with crowds of people standing around, each waiting for a cut of meat from the roast. On the main path into camp a reception committee was already waiting for them. Their approach had been noted, probably from the flight of birds disturbed by their progress. There was a central core of important men, surrounded by the men of prime age and an outer ring of women, children and the elderly. More were hurrying from camp to join them. The two groups met and faced off in ceremonial exchange. Greying-Owl sat down as soon as he could, his face appearing tired and washed out. But there were quite a few to speak and reply for him.
Tara tried to keep her face impassive, but she was having increasing difficulty stifling a yawn or two. Beside her, Chandar was likewise afflicted. They understood none of the speeches nor the presentation of token gifts to welcome back Eagle-on-High who was, after all, second in command. It seemed to take forever, as they shifted from one foot to the other, before the protocol could be satisfied. The ranks finally dispersed and the two groups merged. People sought each other out for personal greetings, then the assembly started drifting back to camp.
Short-Boar dismissed their band, and each hurried to their flars to check on things and reassure themselves that everything was where they had left them. Short-Boar then conducted Chaiko and his people to a flar which was placed at their disposal. “That’s where father lives. There’s Hoar-Bear, and there’s where I live,” Short-Boar said pointing proudly. A young boy came running from that direction and threw himself into Short-Boar’s arms. “This is my youngest, Little-Fart. Where is your older brother? And your mother?”
“We did not expect you yet. Mother went to pick some fruit in the valley and Big Fart went elking,” the boy replied, delighted that he could get his older brother into some trouble.
“Elking?” the Short-Boar asked in a tone typical of all fathers.
“Hunting with Fast-Fox and Loping-Wolf,” Little-Fart hurried to correct. His father nodded, then gathering the boy, lifted him onto his shoulders, smiled at the guests and said that someone would be by with some food.
Dawn spread out some furs on the ground by the fire and Chaiko gratefully let himself down onto them. She then pressed Yael into his hands to look after so she could arrange their stuff and move into the flar assigned to them. Fire-Dancer came, smiled at Chaiko, then started stirring the fire into life. Dawn joined her and the two sisters talked to each other comfortably as if they had never been separated. Chaiko kept Yael on the furs, took off his leg and massaged his stump. When Dawn saw that she hurried over and worked it for him, her strong fingers slowly kneading the aches out. Fire-Dancer stared at the stump of his leg, not having seen anything like that before. Chaiko had to force himself not to try to hide it from her.
Soon after, they began to relax as each found a place in a section of the flar. Ushi went off to explore his new surroundings, then one by one, Dawn’s relatives came by to assure themselves of their comfort. Most brought along a family member to introduce. They all made big eyes at Chaiko, scarcely believing that such a young man could be all that people claimed. How could such an ordinary looking person have bested this evil sickness? The rowe had lost five of its members, and Dawn was particularly sad to learn that one of her childhood playmates was among them. All were glad that it was not more; last time eighteen had died of the same illness that passed through about six years ago.
The mild weather continued, though occasionally a bank of rain clouds moved across the sky without any rain falling. People went harvesting in the grasslands, returning with baskets filled with ears of rye, oats and some rarer grasses. Roots and tubers were dug up from the soft soil, the dirt cleaned off, washed and dried to be stored for later use. The fruits were also coming into season and the children in particular loved to pick them. Apples and plums were in abundance. The few pear trees were much prized, the pears carefully divided among families. This was the time of harvest, the main reason why the Ekulan returned from their northern hunting grounds. Day after day groups of people went out to collect the bounty of the season. Dawn was soon part of those excursions and she invited Tara along, although the warrior-girl usually eschewed such “woman” work. To her surprise, she enjoyed the companionship. She could only speak a few words of Elk, so she relied on facial expressions and many signs to communicate. Her face grew tired of so much smiling, but she felt good about being a part of the excursion.
For a while Chandar kept an eye on Tara, but when he found her enjoying herself with the women, he relaxed his vigilance but found himself not knowing what to do with himself. Tara had been so much his main concern that he had neglected some of his own interests. Hollow-Tree introduced him to the hunters and in spite of his few words, he became instantly popular for they all wanted to see him demonstrate the use of Falcon. Soon he had them all shooting at targets. They often had to resort to pantomime and comic overplay of their feelings. This eased somewhat the polite formality that seemed to be built into the language. Chandar was also kept busy making talons, for one after another broke in practice. For the first time in the land of Ekulan, Chandar felt content because the work of his hands contributed in some vital way to all their lives.
Ushi was, of course, everywhere, his reputation as a womanizer soon spreading through the camp. Interestingly, instead of being repelled or becoming careful around him, the women were intrigued, willing to taste such an exotic fruit as the trader. Out of this mutual interest, a kind of game developed that was played out publicly. He would exert himself to pay great attention to every woman, regardless of age or looks, and would give compliments, to be teased in response and then rebuffed. After a while even the men started to enjoy this public spectacle, not realizing that behind this charade, quite a few private assignations were arranged and kept. So in the open Ushi affected great unhappiness at each rejection but then collected his reward on the sly. He was happy, though at times understandably worn out.
In her turn, Dawn bloomed. This had been her home and she felt reconnected to her childhood again. It amazed Chaiko to see her smiling and laughing so easily, remembering how thoughtful and reticent Dawn had been. Certainly, the general atmosphere of the Jagged-Feather rowe was much less formal than that of the main camp so they could all relax and enjoy themselves. Dawn quickly renewed her acquaintances, especially with her childhood friend and age-mate, Willow-Bloom, a roundish woman with a kind face. As they had been inseparable, their split had hurt them deeply, to which both reacted by covering the loss with a hardness that was characteristic of neither. Now they looked at each other apprehensively, recognizing that they both had changed, each with child and mate. They seemed different people altogether; a strangeness had overgrown the familiar.
“You are married to an Eku?” Willow-Bloom asked, wondering what that would be like.
“Yes, but he is a very nice,” Doan hurried to add.
“He is so young... for an Eku.”
“The youngest,” Doan said with pride, “but he’s a real Eku!” Then she pushed Yael to the fore. “This is my son Yael. His name means yellow.”
As Willow-Bloom smiled, she presented her daughter. “Her name is Willow.” The children were about the same age and they showed an immediate interest in each other. Yael reached for the girl, grabbed her shoulders and rolled with her onto the ground. When Willow was not sure she liked this play and started to cry, her mother snatched her up, patting her. Over the heads of their children the two friends looked at each other in recognition and the strangeness between them evaporated.
“I missed you,” Willow-Bloom said simply, her eyes blinking.
Dawn could not answer for the constriction in her throat; tears sprang into her eyes. She realized that up to the moment of their separation, the two of them had felt indistinguishable inside, interchangeable. But then time took them in different ways, marking them dissimilar. They could never go back to what they were; that recognition hurt, but even more painful was the fact that the flow of their lives would soon diverge. Much too painful. For now, they would act as if the past two years had never happened and as if the future were not already preordained.
“You know we were still to the north when the Council summoned your family with the allegation that you had returned and for them to come and claim you or repudiate you,” Willow-Bloom said, her voice shaking with the memory. “We couldn’t believe it, of course. It had to be some mistake. You perished in the fire. Your family had searched for you for days upon days, all in vain.” Her voice was filled with the agony of that time. “So your family answered the summons of the Council. I wanted to go too, but I was afraid. I was afraid it would not be ... you.” This kind of pain seemed indivisible, that could not be shared, as each was the source of it. But perhaps it could be talked about, and released. “Then when I saw you coming into camp today... with my own eyes, I still could not believe. Looking at you now... I still can’t believe it is you.” She shook her head to shake the doubt out of it, as much as to shake some sense into it.
Dawn was crying. “Dear Willow. Our lives have taken such different turns. It has taken me from you and deprived me of you. I wish I could give it all back, but I can’t. I can’t choose between my life before and my mate and child.” She sadly shook her head. “I now belong there...” and she could not continue.
Willow nodded and replied in a small voice, “I know. I know. But it hurts so.” Then she added with her usual, hold-back-nothing candor, “In some way it was easier to think you dead, than to have you so far away...” There was no ready answer to that.
Chaiko sat across the fire from the two women but he kept his eyes from them to allow them some privacy. He knew from their postures that they were talking of very painful things. His hands were busy with making a new Falcon. Black-on-Top, Leap-Awide and Hollow-Tree had asked him to teach them the skill of making Falcons. After explaining to them what kind of wood was needed, he had sent them off. They all professed to know just where to find it.
In the next days, more people arrived from the other rowes, all wanting to be instructed on how to make and use the magic weapon. Chaiko sent them all to Eagle-on-High for approval then he taught anyone who was sent back to him. These people were eager to learn, watching Chaiko’s every move not to miss any of his secrets. After every session Dawn collected armfuls of shavings for kindling or to stuff under the bedding for its pleasant smell.
Ushi regarded the group working on Falcons with mixed feelings. He remembered that about a year ago he had been given exclusive rights to trade this thing, and now wondered what had happened to those “rights.” True, there had been no talk at the time of visiting the Ekulan. Further, his rights covered the clan only, though he tried to pretend otherwise. However, with the skill being so widely taught, it was likely that the clans, too, were by now making their own. Sadly he could see his trading opportunities evaporate. As well, he had proven so useful to the Standing-Rock Clan that they were loathe to let him go, even to trade and spread to distant lands their fame. Ushi more than reciprocated these sentiments, feeling quite at home with the clan. In all the world that he knew, he was starting to feel safe only in Chaiko’s presence. He was in awe of the shaman, though that rarely prevented him from acting irreverent around him.
It was not long after that, to everyone’s surprise, ToTo arrived bringing a sense of chill to the camp. What would the go-between want with them? Why was the Council so interested in their activities and whereabouts?
“And how are we doing among the Jagged-Feather?” ToTo asked Chaiko, his face a hard-to-read mixture of familiarity and derision.
“Well enough,” Chaiko replied, determined not to give the man any foothold for more snooping.
“Have no concern; I am here because you wished it,” the tool of the Council said.
“I did?” Chaiko asked, incredulous.
“I am here by the authority of the Council to remove Graying-Owl and install Eagle-on-High as head of the Jagged-Feather rowe.” ToTo’s eyebrows vied with each other for more expression. “That is what you wanted, was it not?”
“True, that I did.”
“Seems a little puzzling to the likes of me that a man, when asked what he wants as a reward would ask nothing for himself but only trivial things for the people around him.”
Chaiko looked at the eyes and ears of the Council and wondered what the man really wanted. But ToTo remained enigmatic, looked around, saw people working hard to acquire a new skill. He could not refrain, however, from letting one more comment slip out. “It would seem to me that a man would gain much by protecting a secret rather than by giving it away.”
That night at the general meal, ToTo stood to make known the wishes of the Council. “It is the Council’s well considered opinion that the wisdom of Graying-Owl is needed to aid the Elders, so he is henceforth made a sub-Elder. In his place Eagle-on-High is elevated to lead the Jagged-Feather rowe. So it is ordered.”
This was a popular decision, as Graying-Owl was becoming more and more erratic, and an invitation to become a sub-Elder was quite an honor for a man even twice as intact as he. Moreover, Eagle-on-High was the preferred choice for leader, as he would bring new drive and clarity, sadly lacking in these past years. ToTo was regarded quite favorably for this act, and he was wise enough not to risk it by overstaying his welcome. He had done his assignment and one never knew what was being whispered behind his back at the seat of power while he was at this most insignificant rowe. As a result, the next day he hurried back. Graying-Owl packed belongings and followed with his family the day after at a more leisurely pace.
Of course, no one was aware of Chaiko’s involvement in this changeover of leadership, though both Dawn and Ushi suspected it. Dawn would have been more grateful, had she not been so grateful already. For Ushi this was further confirmation to stick with this man; there were always good things happening around him.
The rowe was stirred up by this sudden change. Even Eagle-on-High had not expected it and suddenly found himself at the forefront, unprepared. Not that a great deal of leadership was required. The life of the rowe, at this point, had become self-regulating, as Graying-Owl had taken less and less interest; the people did what they had to, to live their lives, pretending that everything was as it should be. Now they would have to attend on the new leader for approval of every little thing, for it was his prerogative to decide according to their protocol. Eagle-on-High took his new position very seriously, but wanted to ease into it, not to create too great a shock for his people. His mate Downy-Swan, however, was less circumspect, right away proclaiming to the women that henceforth all sloppiness of dress and bearing would no longer be tolerated. The Jagged-Feather was a proud rowe and their appearance and conduct should show it.
Later that evening Dawn had a chance to have Downy-Swan to herself while they were sorting some strings and quilts for sewing. “Mother, are you happy?” Dawn asked.
“Happy?” Her mother was puzzled. She did not know what to do with the word.
“You now have everything you could have ever wanted. You have father for a mate, now the leader of a rowe. You have children all mated well and settled into families. Your children have children of their own. Is that not happiness?” Doan wanted to know.
Her mother thought a long time, her work resting in her lap, before she said, “You know this is such a small rowe ...”
Dawn blinked at her and started to cry. Downy-Swan looked upset, not understanding the tears, never understanding the tears that her children shed.

Day after day Chaiko taught his eager pupils the secret of the bent wood. He walked among them, demonstrating and correcting.
“Don’t press so hard with your flint, it will flake and soon become useless. Draw it smoothly along with just the lightest touch. See how the shaving comes off in such a long, even ribbon, that is right. Let the wood tell you these things. So listen to it,” he instructed them, mixing the practical hints with words to build the proper mindset and respect for the wood. His students tried to follow his teaching but were puzzled when he talked of “listening” to wood. They discussed this among themselves, trying to figure out what was meant. One of them remembered how the shaman first addressed the assemblage, that the spirits of his ancestors often resided in wood and was not the shaman part wood himself? Yes, that made more sense, and the apprentices showed more respect for wood after that.
Chaiko could not wish for keener students. In between hints and instructions, the shaman mixed in stories of other lands. He described the moving herds of bison, their countless numbers and the dust cloud that hung above them when on the march. And behind the dust the dance and swarm of birds that followed to feed on the insects stirred up by the passage of the beasts. He talked of Rainbow Falls in the lands of the Dorgay, where a river fell into the precipice and how the water smoked below and the sunlight was reflected off the rising mist in sparkling jewels of color. He talked of the smoking mud pits of Lesser-Bear, of bubbling mud, hot and hissing steam. He depicted the drifting sand dunes along the great lake of the south, where mountains walked in the flow of wind, a grain at a time. He told them of the fish that flew and the frog that fought the snake. He related to them the customs of the clans and their various ways. Of even the Tolmecs, he talked in some detail. And he spoke of many other things of interest.
Chaiko thought that he would teach them a little of the world, so that it would not seem so alien to them, and maybe would excite their curiosity to see what he was talking about. He hoped that his students would take his tales and descriptions back home with them like spreading ripples moving across the surface of water: he would cast the occasional stone to keep the waves propagating. Experience had taught him that most changes came slowly, a word at a time, a decision at a time. All that was required was patience to see what fruit a seed of knowledge grew into, watered by curiosity, fed by desire to learn. Meanwhile, as the students came and went, learning, taking with them a vital skill, the reputation of the shaman grew.

Yakovar, an Eku from a neighboring rowe, came to see for himself the man he had heard so much about. Though the Eku was himself a fairly young man, it did not please him to meet one as young as this shaman, who had acquired such a reputation at such an early age. It obviously irked him to be so outshone.
“I have heard much about you,” Yakovar said with a tone of thinly veiled accusation.
“Ah, gossip is like a raven, flies far but is full of raucous, empty noises,” Chaiko replied, seeking to distance himself from people’s claims.
“But a raven is a scavenger, is it not? Picks up a bit of gossip here, a bit there, always on the lookout for more. When one sees many such birds in the sky, one has to wonder if the words they carry are but idle gossip or have some substance to them.”
Chaiko speculated, what did this Eku want from him? Just to talk and share information? Or was the man only curious?
“The elk will soon be coming,” the Eku said in the smug tone of one who knew everything.
“Oh?” Chaiko tried to sound encouraging.
“Yes, long lines of them will be coming, moving south to the protected valleys of their winter home.”
“It must be an awesome sight,” Chaiko tried to imagine.
“You do not know much about the elk, do you?” the Eku asked, his face reflecting gleeful derision, suddenly sure of his ground.
“I do not know much about elk,” Chaiko admitted readily, but realized that he would soon be inundated with knowledge from this self-important man.
Yes, the man was sure of himself now, feeling superior. “Our elks are like no other elks, for they are mixed with c’ribu. Few know that. That knowledge I share with you.”
“It takes knowledge to see details,” Chaiko praised to prompt the man.
“True. The elk and c’ribu are much the same in size, but the coloration differs. The elks are darker to the fore, whereas c’ribu are more white to the side. The antler of the elk is like a tree, opening up to the skies, whereas the antler of c’ribu curves and points forward. And even the females of the c’ribu have horns, whereas only the males among the elk,” the man said as if sharing a great secret. Chaiko recognized the description, on rare occasions having seen both kinds, but he wondered where the significance of the information lay.
“When the elk first moved into this valley, they shared it with the c’ribu, occasionally even mixing blood and breed. Over many years of living together, they followed the c’ribu north then back south again according to the season, unlike other elk, who went from high mountain pastures to the low land of the valleys in winter. My ancestors followed the elk, who learned from the c’ribu their ways, so my fathers’ fathers also had to learn.”
Chaiko’s attention was now fully awake. An animal, though related, learned from another kind? This was important information indeed. An offspring learned from the parent, sure, but from another kind? Maybe the difference was in appearance only. They looked very similar, and he said so.
“Not so,” Vakovar dismissed. “Sometimes in the mating season the male elk lowers its head and charges a female c’ribu on account of her horns, mistaking it for a challenger.”
“In the heat, sometimes, we males forget ourselves,” Chaiko voiced, thinking of Ushi in particular.
Vexed that his superior knowledge was put to such a test, the Eku’s irritation became more apparent. Chaiko thought that for an Eku, he had such a small mind, so often closed to the truth. To find knowledge, one had to ask hard questions first and answer them honestly. “It is hard for one not familiar with their ways to appreciate such differences,” he added, seeking to mollify the ruffled feathers of the other. Feeling himself unappreciated in the midst of such apparent skepticism, the Eku did not stay long, taking with him a rather small opinion of the shaman. Doubtless he would fight the further spread of the shaman’s fame among the Ekulan. What was the world coming to, when every latecomer could say and think whatever he would, questioning the wisdom of long traditions? Bah! Wisdom was found in answers not in questions!
Chaiko was saddened by the encounter. It was regrettable that those on whom people depended for guidance and direction were so often blinded by the self-appointed status that they borrowed from their traditions. It occurred to him that maybe he, himself, was similarly blinded by the traditions he had been taught. This led to a critical examination of himself that produced little, other than the resolve not to be so quick to dismiss the views and traditions of others. It was an intriguing lesson, the elk that learned to be a c’ribu. One had to ask what had the c’ribu learned, in turn, from the elk?

The autumn rains were now in the sky as heavy clouds moved overhead. Chaiko felt homesick and thought more and more about his clan. He hoped they could still spare him. It was growing increasingly difficult for him to stay, but he knew that Dawn was not ready yet to say farewell to her family and kin. He swallowed his impatience and concentrated harder on being a good teacher.
Though the ground became soggy with frequent rain and the water rose in the creeks and rivers, bogs mired in their overflow, it was a good time for hunting. The game was fat in expectation of the coming winter. The hunters left and returned with deer, mountain sheep or goat, and even a rare chamois. The booty was especially plentiful, owing to the capabilities of the new weapon they had acquired.
Black-Bear, a handsome young man who did not lack for admirers among the women, boasted enthusiastically of the Falcon he had. “I tell you I merely pointed at the mountain goat far on the other side of the rocky cut, and let the talon go, and it flew and found by itself this fat kid. There is magic built into this wood.”
Others came back with similar stories and claims. Soon the talons were hunting down the quarry on their own, or so it was claimed. Smoking-Cloud asserted loudly, “I lifted Falcon, pointed it into the air and shot. Then I watched the talon fly high, turn and come whistling down and when I went to collect it, I found it pierced through the heart of a muskrat. I tell you the talons have eyes and noses to see and smell out the game.” Though Chaiko tried to counter such claims, they led to a sudden need for many more talons, as others were not as lucky in retrieving the ones they shot off unseen into the air.
Chaiko tried to caution them in using Falcon. “Once loosed, a talon cannot be taken back: it will fly across the distance and find whatever is in its way. Take care that it is not another person or a child. The talon has no other eyes than yours in spite of what Smoking-Cloud claims.” Around the fires, he said earnestly, “Have regard for nature. Do not be too quick to kill as this weapon you now hold makes so easy. Respect each creature, for his death feeds your lives. Remember that if the creatures are gone, the pastures hunted clean, the mountainsides empty, what will you eat then? You’ll have to become weed-eaters.” This drew a chorus of protest every time.
Attesting to the industry of his students, more and more of the hunters walked about armed with Falcons, a sheaf of talons tucked in at the waistband. It had become a new symbol of prestige and even children clamored to have one. Talons made by Chaiko were in great demand, for it was reasoned that the ones made by him were the most potent in their magical abilities. Hardly had he started working on one when they all pestered him, “Who is it for?” And all of them were envious of the recipient. Chaiko tried to be fair, though he made sure that Dawn’s family all got one of his.
As Chaiko worked now on a new Falcon, people hovered near, questions in their eyes, but he said nothing. It was a fine piece of work, the wood especially flexible and resilient. It would be easier to draw but would have a very quick snap to it. The person who used it would need to be quick and decisive himself. He rubbed and burnished the wood with extra care, carving his sign of a falcon’s grip into it as the special notice of a masterpiece. He drew it and let loose a talon at a target, which flew straight and true without the wobble that a too powerful snap would impart to a flying shaft. He was pleased with his work, but still did not let it be known for whom it was intended.
Around the fire that night, all of them were assembled, hosting a supper for Hollow-Tree, Fire-Dancer and Wild-of-Wind, and Hoar-Bear. Two stuffed storks were the main meal with plenty of vegetables besides. The meat was especially tender and rich. The storks had been unfortunate, on their southbound flight, to land in a nearby pond and fall victim to a new predator that shared the air with them.
Hollow-Tree was telling a story of how he and his friends, as children, had watched a badger dig up a groundhog burrow to get at its occupant. They had been most impressed by the tenacity of the creature and had decided to do the same thing themselves with a colony of rabbits that had established itself on the sunny side of a hill. The four of them had started digging, using moose horns to scoop the soil away and had gotten fairly deep into hill, when suddenly the whole collapsed, and they tumbled into the warren. The hill was laced full of tunnels and nests.
“You mean the hill was hollow?” Hoar-Bear chortled, enjoying his little pun.
Doan said, “Rabbits enjoy each others’ company, just like people. It is hard to think of people living just by themselves, is it not?” But then she remembered just the two of them living alone, and what a beautiful time it had been, being responsible just for themselves.
“Rabbits are to be admired,” Ushi said but as he did not elaborate, it was up to the hearer to interpret his remark.
Chandar was teasing Tara with a stalk of grass, pretending to be a pesky fly buzzing at her. He even made the droning sound, rising and falling as a bug in flight. Tara thought it was real and swatted after the unseen pest. Fire-Dancer was hard put not to burst out laughing at the sight of this play. Wild-of-Wind was reaching for Yael.
Then Chaiko started stirring and they all recognized that he was about to launch into something important. They grew quieter still when they saw what great care he was taking to choose his words. All were interested, Dawn even slightly alarmed. What could be so significant to deserve such care?
Chaiko drew the special Falcon he had made and caressed the wood. All eyes were on the graceful piece, all wondering how something so fine and graceful could be so deadly. Then Chaiko spoke. “The longer I study this weapon, shape it, turn a piece of mute wood into a singing stick that hums with power and whistles with death, the more uneasy I am. It makes death all too easy, much too distant. The person who possesses such a weapon must have proper respect for it, to point it to what he intends to kill, and use it only to feed himself and his family. I fear that today not all who have this weapon are mindful of that, but swagger about full of the confidence that Falcons inspire, thinking themselves above such considerations. Yet I pity these men: for they lose their own place in the world. We were born naked into it, without tools, which we had to make ourselves.” His eyes turned inward as he thought. “The greatest tool and treasure of man is fire. This,” he shook Falcon, “comes perhaps after flint, but like them we must learn its correct use. Think of it, it has already been turned against... our enemies.” He had nearly said Tolmecs. “I did not foresee that.”
He then shook this disturbing thought off and forced a smile on his face. His hand caressed the wood, never tiring of its smooth, silky feel. “This weapon seeks its owner. Someone to serve. Someone who would know how to use it properly.” The listeners held their breath. From the ritual he was creating, they now recognized that this was a special weapon, and were ready to explode with curiosity as to whom he would give it.
“It wants to belong. It tells me so and I listen to it. The one who embraces it needs to be brave, needs to be clear of mind, resolute. For it is the mind that selects the target and the heart that aims this weapon. The price of a shot is blood and death, so there must be discipline and mastery of anger. And above all, compassion to remember that it is death held in reserve.”
The suspense was killing. Who did he have in mind? But Chaiko kept his eyes closed so as not to give it away. He had spoken in Elk, clan and even Tolmec at times so all would understand, and all indeed understood the meaning of his words, but neither the buildup nor his purpose.
When Chaiko next opened his eyes they were fixed on Tara. Her heart stopped, she flushed and shook her head. No woman had ever been given such a weapon; a fighting stick perhaps, a digging stick, but not a proper weapon such as this, never so lethal. This could simply not be! Confused, she looked around at the others who reflected back her confusion. A woman to have a weapon? Surely not!
Chaiko slowly extended the weapon toward her. Out of some instinct she reached to accept what was being offered, but on touching the wood, she snatched back her hand as if burned. Again she shook her head.
Chaiko urged her, “Take it. It is yours. You have earned it. Women have a right to the protection that a weapon, any weapon, can give, and thus should have the right to possess it. They need but a model to show them how, and what better model can I offer than a warrior-girl?” Compelled by his tone, trembling she took hold of it. After that she said nothing for the rest of the night, but held it gently to her breasts and stroked the wood, becoming familiar with its feel.
The rest sat in stunned silence in the aftermath, struggling with conflicting reactions. They saw how it was not a light decision by the shaman. He was much too careful, even solemn, in the presentation. But to give a weapon to a woman? Especially to a Tolmec? Surely he had not forgotten that?
Chandar was taken aback by this gift. Though he was conscious of the honor conferred on his mate, to give such a weapon to a mere woman was unheard of. Was she not dangerous enough with her fighting stick?
Dawn felt a momentary pang of jealousy but she immediately understood Chaiko’s intent. She was thrilled that a man of his reputation and sagacity would dare to challenge convention, and pay such homage to all women by granting them the right to carry such weapons for protection. But was it wise? The doubt of her upbringing rushed in to overwhelm the pride she felt. She swallowed hard but then reminded herself that Chaiko never did anything on impulse, always thought everything out carefully. It was going to be all right, she reassured herself.
The carefree mood of the evening was gone. People felt uneasy at the thought of such a weapon in a woman’s hands. Hoar-Bear certainly did not like it and wondered how he was going to tell his kin about this new development. Fire-Dancer looked at her mate questioningly, but Hollow-Tree merely shrugged; he was not going to advise Chaiko on anything. To his way of thinking, they needed Chaiko more then he needed them. So what was right with the shaman would have his support.
Ushi was the least perturbed of the lot. Chaiko had his reasons, so he did not bother to even question them. In the center of this controversy, Tara caressed the wood lovingly. As a warrior-girl she had always loved weapons of any sort, but to have such a fine one of her own in her hands was an unbelievable compliment. She felt proud, but then immediately questioned whether she was worthy of such trust. A few moons before, she would have had no qualms at all. But she was not the same girl she was then, though at times she still wished she could feel so invulnerable. To have feelings was to be hurting a lot of the time. Even in this moment of exultation, there was a great deal of pain and confusion mixed in.
Chaiko felt the conflict within as much as the others. He was going against his upbringing, but in recent times, he had questioned more and more what he had been taught and what he believed. In the Tolmecs and the Ekulan he clearly saw strength and weaknesses, but in looking at them he had to look in turn at his own. He found the clan’s way often narrow as well, needing change, needing improvement. In that spirit of change, he knew he was right in presenting the weapon to Tara, but knew also that it would be greeted by very mixed reactions. He worried about this long after the meal ended, after the guests had left, past when the others lay down to sleep. He peered into the moonlit night, fading and glowing among the clouds and still he thought.
“How can they change, if they are not taught? How can a rock move, except it be pushed? Traditions, while they make us one people, are like stone, resist all movement, all change. Still a silence grows out of a moment of quiet; conviction out of a decision to believe that which has been proven. Slowly, a step at a time, a word of persuasion at a time. And sometimes it comes like... a River of Rocks.”
An owl’s cry cutting into the night called Chaiko to himself, for he was half dreaming and still thinking. The fire had collapsed into a small warm glow and dew moistened his hair. He shook off the damp chill, rose and went to his sleeping place. The nights, noticeably colder, made him think of the Standing-Rock Clan. It will be time to go home. Soon, he promised himself.

Chapter 15
Two days later around the fire of Eagle-on-High, Chaiko mentioned that they must shortly be returning home. This unleashed a storm of protest, but Chaiko remained firm that they would have to leave soon. Eagle-on-High prevailed upon him, however, saying that the elk were soon to arrive and it would be such a shame to miss them. Indeed, Chaiko wanted to see these creatures up close, since the whole of his mate’s people took their name from them.
Then it occurred to him to ask, “Do you not spend your winters in a cave much as we do?”
“Yes, but it is not so much a cave as a protective overhang to catch the worst of the weather,” Dawn supplied. “We... they still erect their flars in there.”
Eagle-on-High then suggested that they go inspect the winter retreat, for it would soon be time to make the move anyway and it would be good to know the condition of the place. He directed Hollow-Tree to lead the inspection and to take Hoar-Bear along as well. The women also expressed an interest in going, so it came about that Hollow-Tree led a group comprised of all the guests and Fire-Dancer besides.
The day was mild enough with a strengthening sun struggling against the morning chill. Here and there the trees were touched with red and over the last few nights there had been the nip of frost in the air. The nuts would be ready soon. In the sky, long lines of birds were practicing their flights.
They crossed a riverbed then several ridges of hills, working gradually closer to the mountain range that separated the Ekulan from the lands of the clan. As they passed through a forest, Dawn and Fire-Dancer saw a patch of mushrooms growing in the deep carpet of decay and prevailed upon the rest to stop and collect a basketful. They pushed through some ferns and bushes to gain the open slopes, and then followed along a stream edged with a broad gravel bed of boulders and stones, skirting wood piles of branches and twigs piled up by the rushing flood waters of spring. In places whole tree trunks barred the way. The main channel was only half full though the water bubbled with energy as it tumbled between boulders and lapped against solid walls of rocks. Here and there a long ribbon of coarse sand and pebbles gave them some rest from climbing over obstacles.
It was well past midday by the time they approached their destination, a cliff face that looked southward to hills closing in on either side of the narrow valley that extended back into them. The stream bed they had followed fought its way through the center of this cut.
The white chalk shone in the afternoon sun. Underneath this edifice a shadow yawned widely. A generous, sheltered place, easily able to accommodate the fifty or so odd flars of the Jagged-Feather rowe.
“There it is,” Hollow-Tree pointed out needlessly. His voice rebounded from the cavity, “...is...is...” 

Ushi could not resist, “Yiheeee!” “Heee...eee,” the cave answered.
“The echo is not this bad when all the flars are up,” Dawn informed them. “All the same, we learn to speak softly so as not to be booming all the time.” Then she pointed to the back wall. “If you stand there, you can hear every conversation in the cave at once, as if you were right with them. But it is very hard to unravel and follow each thread of talk.”
Under the overhang Chaiko felt the mildness of the air, an easing of the wind and a softening of the light. The ground was hard-packed chalky sand, smooth, almost polished in appearance. The flars would go along the back wall, he reasoned, and the fires where the weathered heaps of charcoal mounds stood in orderly fashion. A gentle slope led down to the valley floor and the river. Several paths were clearly visible. On the far side, the hills hemmed in the valley and looked back into the cave, but not high enough to rob the place of sunlight. A good place indeed to winter in.
Just ahead, Hollow-Tree and Hoar-Bear were looking at the ground, a tenseness about them that alerted Chaiko. When he went to join them, they were looking at a whole procession of prints in the soft chalk.
“Eight, maybe nine, I make it,” Hollow-Tree concluded. “Came in there and out there not too long ago. It rained just the other night and washed their trail away outside.”
“A hunting party?” Chaiko asked.
“Not ours,” Hoar-Bear muttered, pointing to a print missing two of the smaller toes. “Nobody I know of.” And he frowned and scanned for further clues.
Hollow-Tree squatted over the prints and with a finger traced an outline of a foot. “Judging by the size and breadth of these, all adult males.” He and Hoar-Bear exchanged glances.
“Who could it be?” Chaiko asked.
“Don’t know. Nobody comes here but us. This,” he pointed to the prints, “is not us.”
Chaiko went deeper in to explore the overhang. As he had guessed, there were neat circles of stones to anchor the flars that had stood there in the back of the cave. Against the rock wall there were tidy stacks of firewood. Everything neat and orderly, he nodded in appreciation.
He stood with his back against the smooth stone wall looking toward the outside at the light spilling in. The arch of the overhead allowed in sufficient light to see by and with the winter sun settling lower in the sky, the light would become even more generous. An excellent wintering place, he thought again.
From somewhere he distinctly heard Dawn’s voice, but it was coming from behind, disorienting him. “Hold it closer to the grass,” he heard Dawn say again. “Now blow. Gently, let it catch flame.” The sisters were making fire and soon smoke arose. Chaiko watched the smoke rise straight into the air, undisturbed until it hit the stone and slid along its surface. A black trail in the stone face marked many previous fires.
Not long after, Fire-Dancer called them to sit around the fire and eat. They had spread some furs upon which everybody settled down comfortably. Chaiko’s stump ached but he did not want to take off his wooden leg in such close company. He was shy as it was and people who were not used to it tended to react uneasily to his bare stump. He stretched his cramped muscles.
Tara pounded Chandar’s back as he complained of being stiff, making a great show of it. Tara pummeled him some more.
“Oh you poor thing,” she said with exaggerated sweetness, “Let me fix it for you.” With both hands she grabbed him on the shoulders near the neck and clamped down hard. “Ohh!” he yelped and froze, paralyzed. She maintained her grip and dug her fingers deeper still into the resisting muscles, the pain building with the pressure. Then abruptly she let go. The pain flashed once more as the blood rushed in, then relief flooded through him, leaving a warm pleasurable glow where stiffness had nested before. He moved his shoulders and arms experimentally and found them free and light. Surprised, he looked at her and she looked back with knowing satisfaction.
Dawn watched their exchange with wide eyes. How was an innocent, lone Ekulan to survive in such a harsh world of hardened people? Was there someplace in this world where people took no pleasure in pain? She looked at Fire-Dancer and in her, perhaps, she found that place.
“You know the world is much larger than this Valley of the Elk and there are rivers mightier than the Big-Muddy. There are people at least as pleasant as the Ekulan and some even more interesting.” Fire-Dancer raised her brows: what was her sister trying to say? “One day you must look beyond the hills and mountains...” Dawn added.
“Leave the Ekulan?” Fire-Dancer asked breathlessly, then she recited the creed taught to all children. “There is no Ekulan without the Elk. Only they respect the Elk. And the Elk sustains them. In this we know that we are home, in that we follow the path of the Elk. Is there anyplace besides that an Ekulan can call home? None whatsoever. None near nor far. We follow the Elk north. And we show them the way south.”
The two sisters looked at each other, measuring each others’ needs. Dawn realized suddenly what she was asking her sister to do. Was she not herself searching for more protection in something a little more familiar? Then she remembered Tanya and missed her terribly. Life was so full of conflicts sometimes, she sighed. “One day the world might come to the Ekulan and then the Ekulan will have to deal with it,” she said a little more harshly than intended, blinking with tears in her eyes. “Please come and visit me. I can show you my new home.” She added without much thinking, “It’s not all that far.” Then she remembered Chaiko’s saying that distance is often not measured in steps but in thoughts and beliefs. The inner mental barrier is more isolating then the physical. Her eyes pleaded for her.
“I will,” Fire-Dancer also replied without thinking. She could not bear to see her sister cry so, reduced to begging. “I will?” she heard herself say again.
“Oh please do!” Dawn still pleaded but now brightening.
“I will... but I will have to ask Hollow-Tree,” she said, “and have his permission, of course. And the permission of... father now that he is leader of the rowe.” An Ekulan always had to ask for permission from somebody! There were thus difficulties to be faced, steps to be negotiated, but they both felt they had done as much as they could; any further decision now lay in someone else’s hands. The two sisters smiled at each other gratefully through a mist of tears.

On the other side of the fire Hollow-Tree and Hoar-Bear were still discussing the significance of the prints, trying to account for them. Chaiko only half listened to them.
“It could be a hunting party from the Sand-Turtle rowe just north of us, Hollow-Tree guessed. “Nobody else would come this far south without permission from us.”
Hoar-Bear chewed on a grass stalk, picking his teeth. “None of them has only three toes. I know them well enough to know that,” he countered with a telling point.
“Who could it be from other rowes? Missing two toes, having only three?” Hollow-Tree racked his brains. His face was screwed up in a grimace of distaste; he did not like to have things so unclear.
Some of their words penetrated Tara’s ears and caught her interest. She piped up, “What... three... foots?” she strung the words together in Elk.
The others looked at her in surprise; they were so used to her silence. These were her first Elk words! They blinked at her like owls coming into light, especially Hoar-Bear. He had thought her mute, for the gibberish that she spoke with Chandar was no language at all.
“What... is three... things?” Tara insisted.
“Toes?” Chaiko supplied in Elk, then switched to Tolmec, “Three toes.”
She visibly reacted to the words. “Why were they talking of three toes?” she demanded in Tolmec.
“They were not. They were talking of two missing toes.” Chaiko shrugged, frowning at how the conversation had arrived at this bizarre twist.
“Why?” the girl wanted to know.
“Why?” Chaiko echoed. “Because they have found some prints missing some toes.”
“Right or left?” Tara demanded, and she hit each thigh for emphasis.
“Right or left?” Chaiko asked the two Ekulan in astonishment. “The print, was it the right or the left foot?”
“Right,” said Hollow-Tree without the least hesitation, instantly alert, looking at the warrior-girl.
“Show Tara,” she commanded.
So all of them went over to the prints and examined them, Tara most intently. She took a few steps, matching and measuring her stride against the prints. Then she looked significantly at Chaiko and said conclusively, “Three toes.”
“Yes we all know that,” Chaiko snapped back, his irritation rising.
“No, you do not understand,” she insisted. “This here is Three-Toes, a Tolmec warrior who lost his toes in a fight.”
“Tolmecs? Here? Impossible!” But her face was determined. “Are you sure?” he asked, but could read the answer from her face. Chaiko looked at Hollow-Tree who had been following their exchange very closely. “Tolmec.” The shaman pointed to the prints; “Tolmecs.”
Immediately Hollow-Tree jerked his spear upright and his eyes quickly swept the outside. “Tolmec here?” he queried, but he too knew the answer. He motioned to Hoar-Bear and the two went a ways up the valley to look around, following the projected path the prints had suggested.
Chaiko calculated rapidly. Eight Tolmec warriors, maybe more, could not be that far away. What were they doing here? Was there a threat? But what did he have to fear? After all, was he not their Spirit-Guide, respected by them, even revered? He strode back to the fire and quickly told the others about their uneasy find. There was a flurry of questions, but he reassured them all.
“Oh but you are their Spirit-Guide,” Dawn said dismissively. It irked him that she would discount the threat so simply with such faith in his reputation alone. But then he remembered that she was pregnant, one more reason to be cautious.
“Right. But there could be a question of their recognizing me or my title. Not all of them saw me, or know me,” he said with a jerk of his shoulder and a grimace.
Soon, the two men returned, having seen nothing alarming in the vicinity. They held a quick council, conducted in an awkward mix of languages.
“We must post guard,” Hollow-Tree suggested. Chaiko nodded then sent Chandar to keep watch in the shadow of a rock in front of the overhang, with a good view to either direction of the valley.
“Who is this Three-Toes?” he asked Tara.
“A warrior,” she shrugged, “just as cruel as the rest but no worse.”
“Who leads him?” the shaman asked.
“Hawk-Beak is the leader.” She spat in disgust into the dirt.
So, Chaiko realized, they were possibly facing Hook-Nose, as the clan had dubbed him. This was not good news, for the man had been thrice humiliated by the clan and had few reasons to love them. He told the others who all turned to watch the open apprehensively. The friendly view had suddenly turned hostile with the threat. The peacefully waving grass now hid untold dangers.
“We can handle eight Tolmecs.” Hoar-Bear in turn spat upon the ground disparagingly.
“There could be more of them out there,” Chaiko cautioned. “We should not assume that these were the only ones. The question is, what are they doing here this far north of their territories?”
“Four years ago there was a sighting of them, but they retreated, seeing our numbers,” Hollow-Tree contributed. “Some years before that three Ekulan died in a set-to and a few Tolmecs as well. But how many we do not know for they took their dead and wounded with them.” This was disquieting news indeed.
“I don’t like it,” Chaiko said. “We had best be watchful and careful from now on.”
“Yes,” added Hollow-Tree thoughtfully, “and we’d best not go back the same way we came. Up the valley leads us in a circle to the valley of the Elk. That is the way we should go.” The others agreed.
“Keep the fire low,” Hoar-Bear suggested. “They do not need to know that we are here.”
“We should sleep there,” Chaiko pointed to a recess. “It is hard to get at and the position is easily defensible if needed, even though it is such an obvious place.” He translated the gist of the proceedings to Tara and sent her to keep Chandar company on watch. Pointedly she took Falcon and practiced drawing the weapon.
That day they had intended to explore further up the valley but it was suddenly out of the question. Instead they maintained guard with close watch in all directions. The rest waited out the day in the shadows, quiet, talking softly and listening. In the evening, Hollow-Tree and Fire-Dancer took watch while the rest settled into uneasy sleep, all with weapons near at hand, ready for action. In the middle of the night Hoar-Bear stood watch, while Chaiko relieved him near daybreak. A little later Dawn joined him and the two watched daylight steal into the world. Because of the surrounding hills, the blue of the sky grew luminous before the sun appeared above the crown of hills. Again, there was a suggestion of frost on the grass and their breath smoked in the morning chill.
Hollow-Tree came to take a look for himself and was reassured by the quiet. Nobody had seen anything suspicious. Then he and Hoar-Bear ranged up the valley a way to check for telltale smoke in the vicinity. But they returned shortly, having spotted nothing.
A quick council followed the morning meal, in which Hollow-Tree again recommended going up the valley the long way around that would not be expected. The others were quick to agree; they knew the ground here best.
They tidied up the site and set out in a quick march, cutting through some grass still wet from the night dew and heading down the valley to mislead possible pursuit. They only turned up-valley when they reached the gravel of the river bed. Hollow-Tree cautioned them not to leave a trail. At times he led them through the frigid waters rather than leave marks on soft ground.
The sun was high in the sky when they veered away from the river bed to take a northern branch of the valley. Over a smooth tableau of rocks they worked themselves into the shadow of a broad cut that took them even more to the north. Then the passage narrowed quickly, working ever upward. Hoar-Bear was sent ahead to scout the terrain. The others followed him, keeping him in sight. The rock walls closed in so that both walls could be touched by outstretched hands. Chaiko had the uneasy feeling of being watched but saw nothing as he scanned the edges above them. He was tired as they had been climbing for quite some time. Then they emerged into a more open place so they could all breathe easier again. At the bottom the vegetation grew profuse and they had to weave a tortuous way through its tangle. Farther on, the way opened up into a wider basin that held a fair sized pond edged by blueberry bushes, some willows and strands of birch trees. They stopped by the crystal clear water, rested and ate. So far they had seen nothing and some of their caution relaxed, though they still set watch. Chaiko could not get rid of the feeling of being watched but he had no evidence for it. He forced himself to relax, closed his eyes and drifted into a short nap. When he next opened his eyes, he blinked into intense, bright light. The others were lolling about as well, with Hollow-Tree on guard. Only the gentle gurgling of the stream could be heard above the constant drone of insects that swarmed into the air in the rising heat of day. There was a mild breeze that barely stirred the cattails.
Suddenly, an egret rose noisily from among the reeds on the far shore. It spread its wings and with an awkward, heavy beat, flew up and away from them. What had alarmed the bird, they all wanted to know. Hollow-Tree roused them and started a quick pace. The valley narrowed gradually and led around to the west. When the height of land increased on both sides, they started to feel hemmed in and threatened.
“Not far to go now,” Hoar-Bear encouraged in almost a whisper. “Just two more turns and a rise and you will see the Valley of the Elk.”
There was a side cut into the stone branching to the north. “Where does that lead?” Chaiko inquired.
“Oh you do not want to go that way,” Hoar-Bear shook his head emphatically. “That leads to a cave, occupied by a giant cave bear. He’s twice as old as I am and four times more ornery. No, make that eight times more so.”
“A real cave bear?” Chaiko asked as he thought of Samar, his mentor, who had revered the cave bear as a symbol of spiritual power.
“Well, I do not know how bears are where you live, but here all bears are real. Much too real,” Hoar-Bear retorted, thinking that after all, he was one himself.
Chaiko was about to tell him that the clan had been taught to live in caves by a cave bear when his attention was caught by a shower of pebbles from above. “Dawn!” he called warningly as they all stepped back from the wall. Chaiko peered up into the glare that shimmered above, to the top of the stone ledge. Did a shadow move up there? With a smooth practiced motion, he unslung his Falcon and nocked a talon. Chandar and Tara did the same reflexively. They all scanned the heights above, squinting into the flood of light. The contoured darkness of the cliff backlit by the brightness of the sky blotted out all detail.
Suddenly a shadow grew out of the shadows and loomed above the ledge, magnified by the surrounding illumination. It sounded a sneering laugh and said in Tolmec, “Now I have you!” The gloating voice bounced between the narrow walls.
Then a rain of rocks descended and they instinctively pulled back. One hit Chandar and another Hoar-Bear. There were surprised yelps of pain as they all stepped even further back. When a fresh wave pelted them, they covered their heads with their arms and retreated a step or two more. Chaiko then realized that they were being forced into the chute that led to the cave bear. “Where exactly does this lead?” he asked Hollow-Tree.
“Right into the cave. There is no way to avoid that,” Hollow-Tree replied, leaning over Fire-Dancer to shield her from the stones.
“And nowhere else?” Chaiko hissed out the question.
“Yes. To the Valley of the Elk but only through the cave past the bear.”
“How close to the bear?” Chaiko insisted.
“You would have to ask him to move...” was the grim answer. Hollow-Tree was tired of questions that had no solutions to them.
As Chaiko shielded Dawn, a rock hitting him painfully on the chest, he yelled in Tolmec, “Hey you above there. I am Chaiko of Standing-Rock Clan. Known to you as Latto, the Spirit-Guide of all Tolmecs. I command you to stop!”
The shadow reappeared at the edge and peered down at them. “Damn! Just how many of you are there? That everywhere I turn there should be one of you in my way?” The voice was hard and guttural. “Well today you are in the wrong place Spirit-Guide and I have no cause to love you or to heed you. None whatever.” The voice crackled with evil pleasure. “Well I am glad to meet you here among the Elk.”
“I command you to stop this charade! Leave off and let us pass!”
“That won’t work here, Spirit-Guide. These are my men and they will obey only me, the Hawk!” the man boasted, thumping his chest.
“One day you will face Toemain and you will have to tell him you killed the Spirit-Guide of your people. What do you think your leader will say? Praise you for a noble act?”
“Let that be my worry. You will certainly not live to see it.” The ugly laughter reverberated in the narrow confines of the gap. “Besides, I won’t kill you. The Bear up there will. He already killed two of my men and he is hungry for more.” The voice was very pleased with itself. Then Hawk-Beak or Hooked-Nose barked out a command and the rocks flew again. Involuntarily they were all forced back, closer toward the cave.
Tara stepped forward and yelled upward. “Crooked-Nose. I am Tara the daughter of Tolmecs and I curse you. My father will see to my revenge.”
The face reappeared, curious. “Tara indeed. You find yourself in most questionable company. The bleating Elk and the simpering clan.” In amusement he said, “Because you are a Tolmec warrior-girl, I will give you one chance. Take your stick and strike down the one who calls himself Spirit-Guide. I will spare you then.”
An angry hiss answered him as a talon flashed upward barely missing the man’s throat. “Damn!” Tara swore.
The laughter cascaded down again, a little more alive and human after death had flown so close to him. Then the rocks began to fall again. They staggered back. Hollow-Tree had to duck three stones coming at him; the third hit him on the shoulder. Tara twirled her fighting stick in a circle, batting the stones away with it.
Chaiko tried to remember all he could about the cave bear, but except for a few incantations that Samar was fond of using, nothing useful came to mind. Cave bears were huge with an ill-tempered disposition to match. A rock grazed his temple, its shock staggering him. As his knees buckled, a sour taste filled his mouth as nausea flooded his stomach. Ushi grabbed at him, steadied then led him back. Ahead of them Dawn and Fire-Dancer scurried up the gap, hiding their sons from a fresh slew of rocks. Ushi was hit and Chaiko had to support him for a step. Further stones whirred by. One hit the wall and splintered into many shards, one imbedding itself into Chaiko’s cheek. A thin trickle of blood seeped from the wound. Behind them Tara and Chandar were both spinning their sticks in a blur of motion as a shield. Without this, the wounds would have been more numerous and grievous. There was nothing to do but back further up the cut, inexorably forced back, a step at a time. Then the cave yawned in front of them. The path led straight into it with no way to avoid it.
The group stopped as if rooted. Even the rocks stopped falling, most likely to give the hapless time enough to realize the true extent of their predicament. Will it be the jagged edge of rocks or the sharp claws of the bear? Hard choice, Chaiko thought, but when comparing the qualities of the humans above and the bear in front, he chose the animal. Of the two, Hook-Nose was certainly more of a beast.
“Well, let’s see what mood our host is in,” Chaiko stated as calmly as he could and marched into the cave. The others, out of habit, certainly not of acquiescence, followed him. A few rocks still clattered noisily behind them on the hard floor of the cave. Fading laughter could still be heard, but already that was from another world they had left behind.
Inside they paused to adjust their eyes to the dimming light. Both Dawn and Fire-Dancer were trembling with apprehension at what lay in front of them. The men listened into the darkness over the thunder of the blood in their ears. There was a foul smell in the air that boded no good, and the sharp smell of urine. Male urine, Chaiko realized, his senses wonderfully sharp, and though his heart hammered in his chest he was not afraid, but detached, as if observing the events from a distance. He marveled at the clarity of his senses. “All the better to experience your demise,” his mind suggested sardonically. He pushed the thought away.
There were noises up ahead, a deep growl and scratching on the stones as something big and heavy came toward them.
“Give me your honey cakes,” Chaiko called to Dawn, extending his hand back to her. She quickly put the whole sack in his hand. “Well, let us not keep our host waiting,” he said almost pleasantly, as if looking forward to the encounter. He kept his eyes trained ahead, hoping the others would follow him. The noise neared and the rumble increased. “Now everybody, keep calm,” he ordered, but his voice sounded constricted; “Don’t anybody panic!”
“We are here to thank the bear for showing the clan how to live in caves,” he said in a feigned conversational tone, quiet but commanding.
“Everybody stay calm, our host is coming to greet us!” His will embraced them all, compelling obedience.
“You have a very nice cave here, Brother,” he said to the dark shadow approaching. “Perhaps you would be kind enough to show the back way out of here...”
But the bear was anything but kind. A giant shape suddenly reared up from the gloom and roared at them, showing a wicked set of yellow fangs. The bear was huge! At least twice their height and all of their combined weight. The roar grew even more vicious, filled with a threatening resonance deep from the chest. The shape dropped to forepaws then bounded forward to rear up again, a hulking mass that filled all of Chaiko’s vision. The foul stench of his breath polluted the air and flecks of foam showered them. Chaiko did not move. There was nowhere to run anyway, he thought fatalistically: the bear blocked their way completely. He hoped that the others would stand their ground because he could not afford to look back. Instead he looked the bear in the eyes, a thing he was not supposed to do with wolves.
“We came to thank you bear and pay for our passage...” he intoned and with a slow deliberate motion, threw a seed-cake laced with honey onto the ground to one side of the animal. The bear immediately caught the smell, followed it to the cake, sniffed once then gobbled it up. Then it straightened again, growling. But it had moved aside just enough, perhaps.
Chaiko took another cake in hand. “Dawn, when I throw this down you will move past the bear on the other side and keep moving. Trust me now. We must do this as there is no other way out of here. Don’t run. Don’t scream. Just keep moving, steady and quiet.” He dared not look at her. “Now!” and he threw the cake down to the side, and the bear moved just enough for a shadow to pass by. “Fire-Dancer, you’re next,” and she, too, passed by. Then, in a steady measured way that allowed neither the beast nor the humans time enough to think about what was happening, Chaiko repeated the procedure with Hollow-Tree making it through, followed by Hoar-Bear.
Ushi, unable to stand the pungent smell, gagged and backed away. The bear’s eyes strayed after his retreat. “Don’t scare the bear!” Chaiko urged, trying still to keep his voice casual.
“Me? Scare the bear?!!” Ushi muttered under his breath.
“Go through!” Chaiko hissed at him, his hand moving to the other side, leading the bear’s attention that way. Ushi slipped through.
“Tara, you are next,” Chaiko continued calmly.
“No, you first,” she replied, resisting.
“A warrior-girl should know how to take orders. Or are you leader here?” he said between clenched teeth.
“No, you are,” she conceded and she, too, passed beyond.
Chaiko had but one more cake left. “Chandar my friend, you’re next. You know what to do,” and he cast the cake to the side. Again the bear bent away just enough for Chandar to squeeze by.
“Well that leaves just you and me. I have no more cakes filled with blueberries and honey left, but perhaps some meat could buy my way,” Chaiko said, then threw the food bag past the bear. But it did not fool its nose. The massive head swung back at Chaiko, the breath raking past the shaman’s face. The bear none too gently poked at him with his nose, and Chaiko nearly fell. It grumbled in rising irritation. Chaiko looked him in the eyes and said, “Let me pass.” He saw Tara up ahead, Falcon drawn with a talon leveled at the bear. “No!” he commanded forcefully, then looked back at the bear. Placing his hand to the animal’s nose, he pushed it to the right just enough for the body lurch aside, allowing Chaiko to squeeze through. The bear turned to watch him, so he froze and faced the bear, moving only a hairbreadth back. He certainly did not want to tempt the bear to charge after him. The bear was undecided, swinging his head back and forth, small beady eyes in that massive head looking at him then at the food sack. As Chaiko moved back a little, Tara laid a hand on him to guide him so that he could use his eyes to compel the bear to stay. Transfixed, the bear swayed back and forth. Then it spun and lunged, tore into the bag and in a gulp the dried meat disappeared.
By then, Chaiko and Tara were far into the constriction of the passage where the bear could not force itself. They stumbled into daylight where Chaiko took a deep, deep breath. The first thing he noted was the fresh smell, free of the stench they had just left behind. Next there was Dawn in his arms sobbing and hugging him. He stroked her hair and whispered, “Thank you for trusting me. Thank you for being brave, being the first to show the rest how to escape. Believe me, without you it would not have been possible.” But he grew weak himself, from holding everything together with his will, and an uncontrolled trembling took hold of him. As he shook, the rest watched him in awe mixed with sympathy. He had faced the breath of the bear and talked to its face. None of them had done that. None of them had compelled death to stand aside. He had done that!
A deep roar issued from the cave, but it was not angry so much as sad. Chaiko roused himself, saying, “Be at peace my friend, guard our tracks well, for there are many that would kill us still.” Then he looked ahead. The way narrowed even more and led around to the right. Hollow-Tree, at the front, shook his head. Now what?
“The way narrows to a small ledge,” the man said reluctantly. “Then it narrows even more. One side is the cliff, the other is a deep drop that looks down into the valley below. We’d better rest, for once we’re on the ledge there is no place to stop or turn back.” That did not sound promising. But they took his advice and rested. Hoar-Bear sought to push past him but Hollow-Tree grabbed and held him. Chaiko’s eyes narrowed. He knew that the other was trying to keep them from looking, to keep the fear from growing as they waited. How bad could it be? he asked himself apprehensively.
They soon found out. A few steps and suddenly the whole breadth of the Valley of the Elk yawned at them from below. Far below. The view instantly robbed them of breath. Beneath them was a great empty space, a solid carpet of trees and a circle of gulls flashing white against the green. A rare, rare vantage.
But that was not the worst of it. Leading off to the right, a narrow ledge, barely a hand’s breadth wide, offered the only way out. That too disappeared from sight around a corner of outcropping rock.
“That leads to safety?” Chaiko asked Hollow-Tree skeptically.
“So I was told.” Hollow-Tree looked sick. “A group had found the cave empty and explored it, only to be trapped by the bear coming back. They escaped this way, I was told. Losing only one.” Still, he, too, looked dubious.
Chaiko did not like heights and even the thought of what they faced made him dizzy. He paled and his hands trembled. He tried to force himself to move but his muscles refused to obey. The rest waited for someone to lead but no one stepped forward. They looked at each other in dismay and wondered, now what?
Chaiko again tried to force himself, thinking “I can do this! I can do it!” but his leg refused. Even Tara, usually so ready to face danger, looked white and subdued.
“Let me,” said Dawn in a small voice, her lips grim lines of determination.
“Doan,” Fire-Dancer called out horrified, but could say no more. Even Chaiko could not say anything. Nor her brother, Hoar-Bear. Dawn swung Yael to her front, in his sling. Cautiously, with her back to the stone wall, she moved onto the ledge. Then with mincing side steps she moved out along it. She looked at the sky but shut her eyes to its brightness. Her hands splayed, her fingers felt her way along the rock.
The rest looked at her in dreaded fascination. She made one side step, then another, looking back at them with a strained expression. Then slowly her face smoothed out and became calm. Chaiko recognized the look; she had found inner peace and harmony to do what she now must do, the impossible. He stirred, knowing he had to be next, he had to follow her. He shifted his load and, putting his back to the stone, he too moved out onto the ledge. He forced himself to take one small side step at a time, a sideways shuffle. Something cold-blooded rose within him to help, and he felt grateful that the ledge ran to the right so he could lead with his good leg, letting the wooden leg just follow along. But he worried about the wooden leg slipping on the smooth weather-worn stone. He kept his eyes half closed, finding no safety for his eyes. The sky was empty, devoid of anything to fix upon, making him dizzy. Below, the far view was an open invitation to fall. Turning from it, he was very aware of all the empty space surrounding him.
He looked to the right to see Dawn just ahead, carefully negotiating the outside corner of rock, a bit of her at a time disappearing from view. Her back scraped along the wall then she was gone, with just a hand that still held onto the corner. Then that too was gone. Chaiko felt alone and bereft. He looked back but no one had yet moved to follow. Let them work it out, he told himself; he already had more than enough to worry about. Then he was at the corner, slowly working his way around, his back sliding along the wall, his fingers groping along the stone face, seeking any purchase. Ushi followed him cautiously, swearing in six or seven languages. Chaiko turned the corner and again everything opened up to his view. His eyes flew along the ledge, relieved to see Dawn there, then swept past her and beyond, to the wide open vista of the bare cliff face confronting the emptiness. His stomach lurched and he swayed. Hurriedly he closed his eyes to shut out the view but could not hide from the memory of what he had glimpsed. This was worse than any nightmare.
He heard Dawn call out and forced his eyes open again. She was just ahead, blocked by an outswing of the wall that forced her to lean out over the precipice. She was stuck halfway into the obstruction, and with Yael hanging from a sling to the fore, she could not lean forward any more. Her weight together with Yael’s would inevitably pull her into the abyss. The nightmare suddenly got much, much worse.
There was no way forward. One more step, and she would fall into the void. Chaiko looked back and saw Ushi work himself around the corner. Their eyes met. Ushi’s were full of fear barely held at bay, but he tried a sick smile to cover it. There was no way back, either. Not past the cave bear. Not past the Tolmecs waiting beyond. Chaiko wiped the sweat from his forehead and tried feverishly to think. The thing about fear was that it closed the mind, he noted, then he kicked himself for losing his concentration.
“How is the way beyond?” he asked Dawn as he worked himself slowly beside her.
“Past this point it looks better. But I do not see how we can get by here,” she lamented painfully, ready to cry. “Or Fire-Dancer?”
“Think!” Chaiko commanded his mind and his mind lurched sluggishly. He looked below, concentrating on the wall but there was no answer there. Above were a few crevices but nothing more. “There is always something!” he whipped at himself. He rummaged through his pack, taking inventory. He found a coil of strong, braided leather, and an antler that he used as a hammer to work flint. He tied the rope to the antler, and then jammed the bone crosswise into a crevice above. He pulled on the braid, testing the hold of the bone. It held. He pulled again more forcefully, finding the hold secure enough to take his weight, then passed the other end of the braid around Dawn’s waist, hoping it would hold her should she fall. He pushed the doubt from his mind, for this was all they had.
“Give me your digging stick!” he requested. “And throw away the bag of provisions, to lighten your load.”
“But it is still full of food and other things we need,” she protested.
“Do it,” he said and reluctantly she obeyed. The bag hit the wall and bounced away, scattering its contents. He refused to think about her or him or both taking a similar plunge. He took a deep breath, but no other idea came to mind to save them.
“There is no way back,” he said in terse but reasonable tones, “so we must move ahead. Find your harmony Dawn! Concentrate! I will jam myself in here and hold your stick out in front of you. You can push against it to hold yourself against the wall. With the stick I will hold you against the wall. Understand?” Her troubled eyes sought his for reassurance. From somewhere he found a thin smile but was sure it looked sickly. “Don’t let go of the stick, for I will not,” he promised them both. If they had to fall, let it be as a family, he resolved. “This is it,” he said simply. This time he could not even ask her to trust him. They looked at each other and had suddenly a lot left to say but no time.
Dawn set her face and tried to calm herself. She swallowed, with her left hand taking hold of the digging stick he offered. He smiled encouragingly at her and she moved an inch along the ledge. Already the wall was pushing her outward. She forced herself sideways again, keeping as close to the wall as she could. More and more she had to put her weight onto the stick that he held, leaning uncomfortably outward over the depth gaping below. She crept along the wall, her hands sliding along the stick, growing slippery with anxious sweat. Just a little more, she dared herself, her eyes tightly shut. She had to trust that he could hold more of her weight and press it back to the wall. As she took one tiny step and the stick wavered, she tightened, feeling the abyss calling to her. But then the stick stabilized and she took courage to move again.
Chaiko dared no longer look. He struggled, his mind demanding the body to obey. All his muscles ached and the focus of the strain loaded in the small of his back. He could not move to find more leverage; he was stuck in that awkward position. Soon the pain radiated out and filled the whole of his body leaving just the agony and the struggle of the effort. There was no room left for coherent thought, just a set hope that his resolve would last through this horror. One by one he released all other thoughts, about Ushi following, about the rest, about the cave bear behind and the danger. Hold on! Hold on! his heart pounded into his brain.
Then suddenly the pressure was gone and he nearly tumbled off his perch overbalanced by the release of all resistance. His eyes flying open in alarm, he steadied himself and looked for Dawn. To his immense relief she was there on the other side, barely visible behind the outcrop. Joy coursed through him. His mate, son and unborn child were safe. It was now up to him to save their father. He stretched and moved his joints to work some feeling into them. From the other side the free end of the rope came back and he quickly tied it around himself. He shifted his backpack to the front, separated the stack of spare talons and threw it into the deep, watching it spinning a long, long way down. An urge grew in him to jump into the inviting void. He bit his lip to chase the compulsion away.
He looked back at Ushi. “Did you see what to do?” The trader nodded, chalk white, but accepted the digging stick. Chaiko took a breath and moved into position. The next step already forced him uncomfortably forward. One more step and one more, and he was forced to put more of his weight onto the stick. He was looking straight down below, and in that instant recognized the place inside where Sosa had gone not so long ago, to hide from the stampede of the bison. He released the knowledge, flung it away, and moved another half-step. Then he felt himself straightening. He was on the other side! Carefully he eased the pressure on the wood as he straightened even more. Then he was beside Dawn, looking into her relieved face. He dared a smile, feeling his lips crack from the tension.
“I am all right,” he yelled back to Ushi unnecessarily. Undoing the braid around his waist, he tied the free end to a wooden peg which he jammed into a crevice by his side. He gave it a yank, and found it secure enough to give them all a handhold right around the lean-out. The rest could slide along, hand over hand, hanging onto the braid to hold themselves onto the wall.
The rest of the way on the narrow ledge was easy by comparison; he hardly noticed how he had traversed the length of it. His mind started working again when he found himself and Dawn on a broad path of level ground. One by one the others joined them with great relief on their faces, stepping gingerly on the ground not trusting it still. It took an act of will even to collapse into a spent heap. Chaiko went down, then Dawn on top of him. His stomach was in a knot and he could barely breathe. Their muscles started spasming from the grueling effort.
When Fire-Dancer arrived safely Dawn was there to welcome her. The two sisters hugged each other, tears flowing between them. Dawn stroked her sister’s hair and whispered reassuring words. Then they hurried aside to reassure their sons. Chaiko grumbled that women always knew how to console each other, but men just lumbered around awkwardly, not knowing what to do with their deliverance.
Hoar-Bear had wet himself but no one thought a thing of it. The trauma still holding them in its grip; they looked dazedly at each other, did we really came through that? It already seemed unbelievable.
A few steps farther, they found a small stream and drank gratefully. They had all sweat themselves empty with worry, fear and exertion along that cliff face. Chaiko could still not bring himself to look back at it, but he was still aware of it, much as he had been aware of the emptiness from above.
A little later Tara, her face still white and creased into a frown, sat down near Dawn and said in laborious clan, “Dawn is brave. You dared to go... first. To shame the rest of us... to follow you.” Her expression was pained, and her mouth trembled with emotion. “You are better warrior than Tara.”
Dawn replied, “I had no choice. I had my son and unborn child to save. I did it for them and for him.” She nodded toward Chaiko. The warrior-girl well understood her reasons. A mother should be fearless. “You are brave,” Tara said again.

For a while, it was hard for any of them to concentrate on things at hand. They were still caught up in the tension and trauma of the great perils they had just overcome. They milled about aimlessly, just getting used to having survived.
Chaiko forced himself to look at the cliff. From here the ledge was just a narrow line, in large part barely visible. It seemed inconceivable that they had traversed that smooth facade. The feeling of being caught up there, useless and unable to make any other choice but ahead, flooded him. And all because of one man. Hook-Nose! Fury rose in him. Red, hot fury. The man had put to risk everything that Chaiko held precious, rendering him helpless to choose any other way than the path he had been forced to follow. His will had held them together and pulled them through. His will had confronted his greatest fear, of being utterly helpless, with all other choices denied. All his life had been a careful balance of choices... with few exceptions. The River of Rocks that flowed had not been his choice. The Great Fire that had swept the plain was not his choice. And now this, the Way of Perils.
Hook-Nose, if ever I meet you...! Again a tide of anger swept him. The digging stick flashed in his hands and a cattail exploded. He slashed the other way and he cleared another swath of vegetation. He waded deeper among the reeds, swinging, slashing, expending his fury. A sneer contorted his face, as he howled his rage.
Alarmed, Dawn ran toward him, but Tara held her back. “Let him get it out!” She was familiar with the need to slash back at things she could not otherwise confront.
The rest also came to watch and wonder how a reasonable man would do such a thing.
Ushi shrugged and said, “I would not like to be a cattail right now.”
When not one reed remained standing in the hollow, Chaiko finally subsided. He had looked for yet another target, but searching awakened his reason and reason prevailed. He felt a little sheepish in front of all of them, but no one said anything.
A little later, Chaiko took Hollow-Tree aside and talked at length with him, asking where they were exactly, where the enemy could be, and what lay ahead. His face was still stone-cold from the wrath he had allowed to show, his eyes brilliant and narrow. Hollow-Tree did not like the looks of them.
As for Chaiko, the burst of anger had leached all fear from him. Cold hearted, he sat in judgment and determined that Hook-Nose would never again threaten his family. But how would he accomplish this? “Put your anger away,” he told himself, “use your head.” He then thought while the others waited patiently. When he then rose, he was calm. He gave a few clear instructions and they all set off. Even Hollow-Tree, whose expedition this was, dared not protest.

Chapter 16
Hollow-Tree led the group along the gentle slope that descended to the river basin. Behind them the cliff they had traversed receded into the background. From below, the cliff didn’t seem as high as it had from above but they were still subdued by that experience. They crossed an inviting broad track that offered a clear cut all the way to the river, but Hollow-Tree chose to ignore it.
“Where are you leading us?” Hoar-Bear wanted to know.
“I am doing what I was told,” the other replied, nodding toward Chaiko.
“What could he want in this direction?”
“Ask him,” Hollow-Tree said. He knew, of course, but he did not want to disquiet the other. Hoar-Bear shook his head and figured it was perhaps better not to know.
The path led them through some scrub bush, over open meadows, by copses of young trees scattered along the descending slope. Off to their right, the Big-Muddy glinted through the trees edging its banks. The soil turned sandy and only sparse vegetation grew there, tough grasses with long roots to reach into the soil for moisture. The stalks were hardy too, and whipped at the legs of the humans as they passed by. A field of shale followed and some isolated trees, growing far apart, perhaps in fear of fire.
As they passed an open wound in the soil, torn up by an overturned tree wrenched from the ground, two rabbits were flushed from among the upturned roots and ran down the slope. Chaiko unslung his Falcon, nocked a talon, and sent it on its way. The whistling wood pierced the rabbit, nailing it to the ground. The other rabbit was hit, then hit again and again. Ushi, Chandar and ... Tara. The warrior-girl had made her first kill with the weapon.
To everyone’s surprise Chaiko called a halt, and bade the women make fire and cook the meat. Hoar-Bear expertly skinned the animals, making a cut here, a long slice there, then jerking the fur loose and peeling it from the carcass. He frowned. He did not like being in the open as they were, to be making fire within reach of the enemy. He looked apprehensively about; somewhere Hook-Nose still lurked out there. They ate, rested and moved on.
Hollow-Tree still led them along a minor trail without any precaution of hiding their tracks. More than once he bypassed a rocky slope where they could have thrown off a likely pursuer. Instead, he continued on, unconcerned. Hoar-Bear had to finally concede that Chaiko must want them to be followed and tracked. But why would he so want to invite the Tolmecs? Hoar-Bear shuddered, remembering the inhuman laughter that had followed them into the cave of the bear.
Coming to a stream, they made several halfhearted attempts to hide their tracks. They waded upstream a bit then crossed a flat tableau of rocks, crisscrossed and grooved by the weather. The attempt was haphazard, and confirmed all of Hoar-Bear’s suspicions that they were luring the Tolmecs after them. But to what purpose?
They had reached bottom land. Only a lowbrowed hill separated them now from the river. At the foot of the slope, water glinted through a scum of vegetation floating on the top. A swarm of insects skimmed the surface and a few reeds grew on one side. Hollow-Tree signaled a halt, then walked up to the edge of the water, poking the bottom with his spear. The wood sank without resistance, stirring up a swirl of mud. “Quicksand,” he said, “or rather, Sink-Mud.” Then he led them around the edge on a barely visible trail that skirted the danger area. They circled to a point opposite the trail they had left. A ribbon of open water joined the paths, trapping other creatures who were less cautious. An easy stone’s cast away, a deer struggled feebly in the mud, only the head yet visible. The deer was already exhausted and barely moved on sighting them. As they watched, they could see the animal settling slowly into the muck. The eyes were large, past the terror of fright, frozen into that immobility, as if by not moving it could escape its fate.
“Can we not do something for the poor thing?” Fire-Dancer asked piteously, and two sisters looked beseechingly at their men.
“There is nothing to be done,” Hollow-Tree replied regretfully. The others, too, were shaking their heads. They were unwilling witnesses to a slow, agonizing death.
“There is always compassion,” Chaiko said quietly. He drew Falcon back, aimed and let the talon go. It hit the deer through the neck severing an artery. Almost instantly the deer was dead, its head laid down onto the surface, the open eyes looking at them accusingly. Chaiko picked up a large rock and threw it at the deer. He missed, and part of the head and the horns were still visible. Ushi cast a stone and was successful; the weight of rock hit and the head disappeared completely. Only a thin ribbon of blood trailed to the surface attracting a swarm of insects. Fire-Dancer and Dawn cried quietly to themselves. The others, too, felt saddened by this episode of death.
Chaiko looked critically at the path that led up to the muck, then seemingly clear across it to the other side. It was perhaps not an inviting way, but it gave no indication of the danger below. Chaiko waved the others on and Hollow-Tree led again, up the hill. Looking back from the top, the bog seemed even more innocuous, just like countless others that lay trapped in the fold of land. The path that led around was hardly visible at all.
Out of sight, a little farther on, there was an open space surrounded by rocks where Chaiko called a halt. He sent Hollow-Tree to scout up ahead and told the rest to be quiet. They settled down to an uneasy wait. By now, all realized that something was afoot, but were reluctant to ask.
“Why are we stopping here?” Tara whispered, but Chandar only shrugged and nodded toward the shaman.
Ushi who had been an unwittingly party to some shared adventures, now offered, “Believe me, you do not want to know.” Tara frowned; she always wanted to know what was ahead and thus could not understand the others’ complacency.
Hollow-Tree came back and reported that the way was clear all the way to the river. Chaiko merely nodded, looked pointedly at Ushi and jerked his head in invitation. Reluctantly the trader rose.
“You all stay here. Ushi and I will go back a ways,” the shaman said, his voice quiet but commanding.
“Why? Where?” Hoar-Bear and Tara demanded simultaneously.
“To the quicksand,” was all Chaiko was willing to say, his face rigid and frozen into a mask that forbade more questions. He and Ushi moved off and the others again settled down reluctantly.
Chaiko and Ushi worked their way back to the edge of the quicksand. They settled behind a screen of bushes, sure that they were not visible. Chaiko took the waterbag and poured some water over the lower fringes of his covering. He instructed Ushi to do the same, to make it look like they had just gotten wet wading across. They were to be the bait set in the trap. Then they waited in silence, Chaiko frowning in concentration which Ushi dared not interrupt.
Time passed slowly. With nothing to do but measure time, the world slowed down. The hum of insects filled the air. For the most part the two men were not bothered by them, as the insects were repelled by the oil rubbed onto their exposed skin. Occasionally a bird would swoop into the midst of the swarm to snatch one in midair then glide away. A flutter of wings passed overhead and a cloud crossed the face of the sun slowly settling toward the horizon. There was not much of daylight left, Ushi estimated. More birds were in the air now, feeding.
A raccoon ambled into view, saw the two men, but after watching them a while it went on its way. He sniffed suspiciously at the bog and then took the long way around, just as they had done. “Smart raccoon,” Ushi whispered. What were they waiting for? Stupid question! For the Tolmecs of course! Where were they? was the better question. A large dragonfly droned by, surprisingly huge, at least the size of a hand in length. More insects; an aggressive fly buzzed at his face repeatedly. He tried to chase it off, but it persevered, the oil not affecting it. A line of ants marched across the open sand, carrying pieces of leaves. There was a glint of stone which Ushi picked up curiously. It was a shard of flint, of poor quality. His interest aroused, he looked for more, but found none. This spot seemed such a long way from trading flint; what was he doing here anyway? Exploring, living the unusual, coping with the unexpected. Near this shaman—things were always happening...
“Ushi,” Chaiko whispered a warning and the trader looked up to see a flight of birds in the air above the ridgeline. Had they just been disturbed? But nothing happened next and they lapsed back into waiting. Irritably, Ushi scratched himself; after his sweat had washed most of the protective oil away, the insects were making a meal of him.
“Ushi,” Chaiko alerted him again. The trader looked but could see nothing at the ridgeline. Then a motion caught his eyes. Just ahead, poised above the elevation, carefully peering this way and that. Ushi had the uncomfortable feeling that the scout could see them clearly, and he pulled himself together into a more compact form. The head again scanned from side to side, the sun glinting on the red paint that covered it. Then the man motioned and a whole troop, near twenty strong, appeared. To the fore was Hook-Nose, talking and gesturing for them to hurry. Obvious in his posture was the contempt he felt for his quarry.
Chaiko whispered, “When they get to the edge of the quicksand, we must distract them. Make them think of us instead of the path. So,” he paused significantly, looking at the trader, “we show ourselves and go quickly up the hill.” Ushi nodded, but Chaiko continued. “If we must, show them the talons but do not shoot.” Ushi nodded again.
The group came to the edge and the scout poked at the water gingerly, suspicious of the scum.
“Now,” Chaiko commanded and he and Ushi rose into the open, drawing the Tolmecs attention onto them.
“There they are!” Hook-Nose yelled into the stir of confusion that their unexpected appearance caused. Chaiko and Ushi turned and ran uphill. “After them! Don’t let them escape! Follow me!” And he charged into the water with the others after him. “We got you now!” Hook-Nose gloated.
Suddenly, the triumph was replaced by an unpleasant surprise, “What the ...?!” as his feet became stuck in the mud. With great effort, he wrenched one foot out of the sucking mud and took one more step forward, but then could move no more. He was firmly stuck half way across the muck and about six others with him. The rest scrambled back in alarm. The ones who were stuck suddenly became aware of what they had jumped into. Panic stricken, they tried to fight their way out, but soon stopped when the motion only trapped them all the more. “Help! Help!” they cried and reached back toward the lucky ones, safe on shore.
“Get me out!” Hook-Nose demanded. “Help me out now, you fools!” He reached back and grabbed onto the hapless scout just behind him, then used all his strength to try to leverage himself out while thrusting the other man underneath. With a stifled cry the man disappeared quickly, just his hands jerking around on the surface briefly, then they sank too. But it helped his leader little; the water was up to his chest and the mud already at his loins.
“Help me you fools!” he screamed again.
The others managed yet to extricate two of the trapped men within reach of their spears, wrestling them free of the sucking mud. Then they reached one more by extending a sapling but it was a very near thing and all of them lay exhausted on the shore. Their leader yelled at them again and they tried to organize a rescue but could find no way to reach the remaining two stranded in the middle. They milled about confused, unsure of what to do next.
“Get longer wood!” Hook-Nose ordered, his voice cracking with strain. The others looked about uncertainly.
Chaiko raised Falcon and drew it back, threatening. Alarmed, the warriors pulled back. Some had already had unpleasant experiences with that instrument of death. “Go home!” Chaiko called loudly in Tolmec. “Your Spirit-Guide commands you, go home! And do not bother the Elk anymore!” Again he pointed with the Falcon and the rest retreated back up the slope. Near the top they paused to be witnesses of whatever would happen next.
“Cowards! Filthy, good for nothing cowards! Piss on you all!” Hook-Nose foamed at the mouth in rage and his hands flailed at the water in impotent fury. He had to stop quickly as the water rose to his armpits and the cold mud closed on his midriff.
The other man was blubbering, the tears washing a line clear of paint on his cheeks. His eyes were big with fright, the hope dying in them. He held his hands uselessly in the air, motionless, as if that would save him. Very slowly he was settling into the mud. As more of his body slipped underwater, its buoyancy bore him up and slowed his doom. It was an excruciatingly slow process, the hopelessness growing, time enough for regret.
“What is your name?” Chaiko asked the man, his voice full of compassion.
“Tall-Grass,” the answer came in a trembling voice, his eyes pleading.
“I wish there was something else I could do for you. Shut your eyes, friend,” the shaman said, quietly drawing back on his Falcon. Ushi looked at the Chaiko in surprise. What are you fixing to do? The mouth of the man trembled, but no sound came from him.
“Close your eyes and think of your family,” Chaiko offered, again kindly. The man’s eyelids fluttered, but then he nodded in acceptance and forced them shut. Instantly a talon was on the way to pierce his heart. The man slumped dead, the arms dropping into the water with a loud splash. The lifeless body leaned to the side and slid unresisting under the water. Chaiko’s face was set in stone. “Farewell friend. May the spirit world be kinder to you than the world you have just left.”
Hook-Nose howled in bitter protest. “You... son of a hyena... may you rot and die of some foul disease...” he spluttered in his eagerness to curse his enemy. “You may have killed me but...” But what? What could an impotent man yet demand of fate?
“I did not kill you,” Chaiko said reasonably. “It was your hate that rushed you into this death.”
The trapped man growled. But even so minute a resonance sucked him a little more underneath. The water was lapping at his shoulders and he could no longer feel his legs in the coldness below. Chaiko raised Falcon again and Hook-Nose sneered at him defiantly. “Kill me you son of a stinking hyena. Kill me you snake and be done with it...” But Chaiko lowered his weapon instead.
“It would be more fitting for you to be thankful for the life you have had, to regret your mistakes and the suffering you have caused,” the shaman said sadly. “Take some peace with you in the spirit world. Not the hate or bitterness.”
“You snake! You slime! You worm!” the Tolmec foamed. The water rose imperceptibly as they watched and fear grew in his eyes. Ushi expected the talon to fly but the shaman did not move. The water closed around the neck of the man, rising slowly, inexorably. The eyes were still spewing hate and terror as the man was already gasping for air. Then the water touched his chin, and rose painfully slowly. His mouth closed and his head tilted back to hold his nose above water. Then that too sank and a burst of bubbles broke the surface, drowning out a last scream. The arms thrashed briefly then were still, and quickly sinking too. Where a man had been an instant ago, the water closed over.
“Why did you not shoot him and put him out of his misery like the other?” Ushi asked out of curiosity.
“I did not want to deprive him of a last chance to regret the life he was leaving,” Chaiko said quietly. Ushi shook his head. If he lived to be a very old man, he would still not be able to figure out the man who was his shaman.
On the far slope the remaining Tolmecs stood. The death of their leader had absolved them of any further duty to him and they were now free to act on their own. A man came down to the edge and called to the Spirit-Guide. “This was not our doing. He made us obey...” and apologetically he spread his hands.
Chaiko nodded. “Then take this back with you. Tell Toemain that the Spirit-Guide said that the People of the Elk are under my protection. It is time that the Tolmecs learned to treat their neighbors with respect.” He then turned and headed uphill, Ushi after him.
On top they found the rest of their party who had observed from hiding all that had happened. Chaiko’s face was dark with storm and thunder, so no one dared to approach him. Not even Dawn.
Hollow-Tree led them to the river, then south along it to cross a shallow spread of waters to the home side. All of them breathed in relief, knowing that the danger had passed. It was getting late, with little light left in the sky so Hollow-Tree ordered a camp. Soon a fire was lit and meat was cooked. Dawn made a small fire so Chaiko could sit by it undisturbed. She knew he was balancing things in his head: the saved lives against the lives taken. The shaman stirred the fire and peered long into it, unaware that the rest had settled down into sleep, unaware that Tara stood guard just a few steps away from him. The flames danced, and in the midst of them Chaiko saw the scar-marked bull. “Where were you? Why did you not warn me of impending danger?” The image changed to bright yellow and disappeared into the flames. Was it trying to warn him of something yet ahead?

Next morning they found the shaman still sitting by the smoking fire. His frame was hunched over, bundled in his fur against the chill of the night. Soon the rest were ready, but Dawn bade them be quiet to let the shaman sleep a little longer. Hoar-Bear and Chandar went to hunt while the rest remained, not wanting to disturb him. Midmorning, Chaiko finally stirred. He opened his eyes and was surprised by the lateness of the day and that they had let him sleep so long. Dawn gave him some food and water, anxiously scanning his face. When he smiled at her, relief flooded through her. The balancing had done its work; Chaiko was his usual thoughtful self. After that everyone’s mood improved quickly and sudden bursts of laughter ripped aside the remaining oppression of yesterday. Hook-Nose became just a memory for all of them, buried and covered over by new expectations.

By midday the group reached the Jagged-Feather camp without any further incidents. They were greeted with relief, as after they had left, a hunting party had returned with news of a Tolmec incursion. Scouts had been sent to warn them but returned without catching sight of the small party.
Hoar-Bear dismissed their concerns and took great pleasure in regaling them with their exploits. How Chaiko had tamed the ferocious cave bear and bought them a passage through his cave. How he had taught them to be spiders to traverse the cliff face above the precipice. And how he had trapped the Tolmecs in quicksand and watched the death of their leader Hook-Nose. Again and again, he was asked by avid listeners to repeat the story. Since it was not the nature of the Ekulan to talk in this manner, nigh boastful and unabashedly triumphant, the story sounded even more heroic to their ears. Openmouthed they listened and marveled. Hoar-Bear only colored a few points for effect, all backed up by Hollow-Tree.
Soon there was again a line of curious people who wanted to look at the man they called Skygazer because of his habit of peering into the distance as he thought things through. Although Chaiko did not like this kind of attention, he had learned among the Tolmecs to be gracious about tolerating the inquisitiveness of others.

That night by the fire, Tara came and kneeled in the shaman’s view, waiting patiently in clan fashion to be acknowledged, as Dawn had carefully instructed her. Chaiko looked her over, noting the smoothness of her face, the disappearance of worry lines around her eyes. The girl was slowly healing as she became more certain of her place in the affection of the people around her.
“You wish to speak?” he asked in the official tone of a shaman.
“This worthless woman would ask a question of the shaman,” she said. Chaiko had to smile, recognizing Dawn’s peculiar formulation.
“Speak then, ask your question,” he allowed.
“When are we to go home?” spilled out of her. “This worthless woman asks her worthless question,” she added, trying to correct her error in protocol.
“Home?” he echoed her, interested. Just where was her home?
“I miss Cora,” she blurted out, her voice resonating with longing.
“I miss them too,” Chaiko admitted as their faces flashed in front of him. “The Elk will be here soon and after seeing them we can return home.”
“Why are the elk so important?” Tara wanted to know.
“They are important to the Ekulan as their lives are intertwined. They share the seasons and travel the same path, north then south. To understand the Ekulan is to understand this relationship.” He looked at the girl and noted this was more of an answer than she wanted. He smiled and continued, “Without the elk, there is no Ekulan. As the left hand is to the right, so is the elk to the Ekulan—inseparable. As without a weapon there is no Tolmec.” And he laughed. She nodded but did not allow herself the laughter. At every turn he surprised her. Was there no end to this man?
Later, Dawn asked him what answer he had given Tara. “That we would leave shortly after the procession of elks,” he said, then noting that she lingered, he became instantly alert. What was his mate up to?
“So?” he uttered encouragingly.
“It will be good to return home and see Tanya and the others. Csama will have grown big by now, don’t you think?” she said prevaricating.
“And?” he prompted her.
“By now even Lana could be pregnant. Would it not be something to have mother and daughter nursing at the same time?”
“Yes, but what is it you really want?”
“I would like to take something back with me,” she said finally, coming to the point.
“Take what you like. Ushi and Chandar can carry it between them.”
“These things would carry themselves,” she admitted mysteriously.
“Dawn!” he exploded.
“I would like to invite Fire-Dancer, Hollow-Tree and Wild-of-Wind to visit us,” she finally said aloud.
“And they all want to come?” he asked.
“Fire-Dancer does,” she said, implying that the rest would follow her lead.
“And they have permission of your father?” he asked relentlessly.
“Not yet. She’ll ask him,” she said, making big eyes at him. “It would help if you were to put in a few good words. People listen to you,” and she put great stress on the you. “An invitation, perhaps.”
He thought that Eagle-on-High would not be pleased to lose such a favored daughter as Fire-Dancer or as dependable a man as Hollow-Tree. But he could also read in Dawn’s eyes how badly she wanted this visit and so he nodded in agreement. She then rushed around and brought him all kinds of delicacies, out of gratitude.
“Now, now,” he caressed her arms, “you know I would have you happy. Always.”
She smiled, her good humor barely able to contain itself.
That night in the corner of the flar, Dawn proved to him even more how grateful she felt. She turned into his embrace, drew him close, offered herself and then invited him in, yielding to his passion.
Afterwards they lay spent, breathing softly, still locked in an embrace. In some distant way, Chaiko was thinking that having been so close to death had reawakened both their hunger for life and their thirst for pleasure. He then wondered who had listened in the darkness, but heard only loud snores from the other side of the flar. Ushi was the loudest, but no doubt was pretending, to give them some sense of privacy.

The next morning they awoke to frost on the ground. Overnight, it seemed, the leaves had turned color, to vibrant yellows and glowing orange and crimson. Soon after sunrise, lines of geese appeared in the sky heading south, heavy wingbeats sounding overhead. The lead goose honked to keep the formation tight. On a nearby meadow, black birds collected in countless numbers.
While everyone else was busy with some errand, Chaiko sat alone by the fire, playing with a rock and string. He had tied the string to the rock and was now twirling it in a tight circle. On impulse he let the string go and watched in some surprise how fast and far the rock flew. He was too comfortable to raise himself to get the rock, so he found another stone and tied it with a longer string. This time he attended more to the entire sequence. Again the rock flew hard and he was beginning to suspect there was a weapon in the contraption some place. He used a fist-sized rock, tied with a length of elk rawhide. He twirled it and let it go, aiming at a dead tree at the edge of camp. The rock hit the tree with considerable force and shattered a branch. Impressed, he went to retrieve the stone.
He frowned at the thing, thinking. It was such an innocuous simple implement. How could it develop so much striking power? What if he were to use an even bigger stone? And would it not be nice if he did not have to chase after it every time? He found a smooth basalt rock of even, regular shape and tied a long braided thong to it. He twirled the stone, building up speed in a big circle he drew in the air with it, then let it go at the tree again but holding on to the other end. The stone whirred through the air, the braid after it uncoiling from his left hand. With a resounding impact, the stone struck the tree and punched through to an inner hollow. Chaiko was impressed, but still puzzled where such power had come from. He pulled on the cord, retrieving the stone, coiling the rope neatly in his hand, ready for a new cast. Again and again he tried and found he could fling the stone just under the length of a spear throw, but with considerably more impact. He was pleased with a weapon that could be so easily retrieved. Maybe if he could make the cord even longer, it would increase the reach of the weapon? He sat by the fire making a new braid for an extension.
As Chaiko was deeply engrossed in this work, a shadow fell upon him and startled, he looked up to see Eagle-on-High and a delegation of others near him. He laid the work aside, asking, “Would the father of my mate and the leader of the Jagged-Feather rowe be pleased to take a place by my humble fire?”
The father-of-his-mate looked at him approvingly. The stranger that his daughter brought back employed all of the appropriate courtesies. “We came,” he indicated the rest, Hollow-Tree included, “to inquire of you what the Tolmecs would want in our land? Why are they now pushing north?”
Chaiko thought before answering. “The Tolmecs are many and have many tribes. Their numbers are growing so they are likely to be looking for more space.”
“The Valley of the Elk is occupied,” Eagle-on-High said frostily.
Chaiko nodded in recognition, but then shrugged his shoulders. “It would be useful for the Ekulan to find out about their neighbors, the clan and the Tolmec included.” Then he remembered the many sayings of the Ekulan Dawn had thrown at him in the past. “He who looks not for the approaching storm will be surprised and swept away by it.”
They all acknowledged this truism, yet the eyes of Eagle-on-High twinkled as he replied, “But it is also said, look not for trouble far off, for trouble will come visiting, though it is safer at home among kin and friends.” The others turned expectantly to the shaman.
Chaiko, however, knew from past experience that the Ekulan had a myriad of these sayings to cover all contingencies, and he decided to switch strategies. He pointed up to the sky. “Do you not see the eagle up there, circling so high as to be invisible?”
They all craned their necks skyward but none of them could spot an eagle near or far. “Do you not feel the air whistling past its feathers, as he folds his wings to plummet from the sky?” They shook their heads again, no, they could see nothing yet. “Do you not see its talons uncurling, the sharp claws extending, ready to hook and rake into soft flesh? Will you only see it when its shrill screams are in your ears, a fierce battle cry that freezes the blood in your heart?” They scanned the sky more anxiously, uneasy with this speech of his. “Well, so it will be with the Ekulan, when strangers come visiting, the Ekulan will know nothing of them.”
Silence greeted this piece of prophecy. “What would you suggest?” Eagle-on-High asked.
“Send people to learn of their ways. Find out what they hold important. Measure the seasons of their lives.” He then smiled craftily at them all. “Not all strangers are as harmless as myself, nor half so undemanding.” There were a few chuckles of amusement. “I invite Hollow-Tree to come and visit the Standing-Rock Clan. There I will introduce him to the Tolmecs, and not at the end of a spear either. Let him learn of the ways of strangers and bring the knowledge back with him to share among the Ekulan. Is it not said among you that he who knows a thing, knows it well, but he who knows not a thing is not even aware he knows it not?” That was a convoluted formulation from his imperfect knowledge of their language.
Eagle-on-High wrinkled his forehead at this suggestion. He had come to ask a simple enough question of possible Tolmec intent, and suddenly he was considering letting one of his most trusted supports go and ... a favored daughter. Still, there was much wisdom in what Chaiko proposed. It was time for the Ekulan to take notice of the rest of the world encroaching on their lands. “We shall deliberate on these things. Now...” and he looked around, “where is that son of yours? I want to see just how much Ekulan blood flows in him.”
Dawn, who had been listening anxiously to all that transpired, quickly brought Yael to her father. “What a fine strong boy!” the leader of the rowe enthused, inviting the others to share his joy. The others hurriedly joined in; children could be praised without fear of turning their heads with conceit.
In this commotion Chaiko had a chance to ask Hollow-Tree if he really wanted to visit the clan. The man shrugged. “Fire-Dancer will leave me no peace until I agree.” Chaiko had to smile at that: if all went well then the two sisters would be together.
After more politeness, the entire delegation left, leaving behind a quiet. Dawn gave Chaiko a big hug and pressed his head to her breast, thanking him for all his efforts. Chaiko resolved again to do anything to keep her looking and acting this young.

That afternoon a runner arrived from the north with the exciting news that the vanguard of the elk herd had reached the first cataract on the Big-Muddy. This news created quite a stir among the Jagged-Feather rowe. Though it was confirmation of the expected, everyone acted as if was a new, wondrous revelation. “The elk are here,” or “the elk are coming,” the inhabitants greeted each other cheerfully. The hunters looked to their weapons while women found the things they would need. A large pile of wood was collected for the smudge-fires, to smoke the harvest of meat. Tools to work the skins were gathered.
By the evening a great fire was lit and the whole rowe celebrated around it. Two men beat with sticks on a large hollow log that boomed and resonated far into the distance. From the north a reply came back faintly. All along the river the rowes were celebrating the coming of the herds. Dancers covered in skins, some with head-dresses of antlers, spun in dizzying circles around the fire. Young men took burning branches and wove intricate glowing patterns into the darkness. This night there was no formality, no protocol. Men, women and children alike were glowing with exuberance. Mixing animal fat and charcoal, everyone drew designs on their faces and bodies, using white ash for highlights. Each tried to outdo the other. The young men ran around in loincloths only, the rest of their bodies covered with paint. Thoroughly greased up, two young men wrestled, trying hard to hang onto slippery limbs and bodies. Others cheered them on, freely giving a hand or even intervening themselves when it got too slow. Often the spectators ended up as one squirming pile of humanity.
Younger boys chased whoever had the honor of wearing an elk skin, caught up to him, wrestled him onto the ground and ripped the skin from him, setting off a new chase. Soon the skin was a tattered piece and it was not unusual after such a tussle to have the groups run in two or three different directions, chasing separate pieces of the captured skin.
The older boys were more interested in the girls. Hidden under the grease paint, they would run by a likely girl and steal a touch from her. For protection the girls stayed close together and used slender switches to defend themselves. Still the boys came, for it was considered an honor to collect as many welts and stripes as one could, and the girls squealed in delight, relishing the attention and the opportunity to strike back. The excitement of this play drove them into a frenzy.
Mated women were, of course, exempted from this play, but it was known that from time to time, well disguised, they would join in for the pleasure and passion of the game.
The hunters sometimes engaged in stick-fights, using a narrow bundle of canes, to hit and slash at each other. It was again considered honorable to collect welts this way; in fact, the combatants often did not even try to avoid the blows raining on them. It was painful enough, but being inured to pain, or at least pretending to be, was a point of male pride.
There were other contests, like tug of war, where two sides strained against each other; the group who could convince more passers-by to join their efforts usually won the contest. More than once the rope would break, dumping both sides in heaps of arms and legs, screaming in delight. Those who sought a little more dignified way of proving themselves could join in a push-log contest, where a tree trunk was pushed by opposing teams, until one team was forced onto its knees and had to give up.
Women had their contests too. They dressed up and pretended to be men, imitating as best as they could the swagger and the antics of males, to peals and hoots of laughter from all female onlookers. The winner was proclaimed by the loudest applause. A male better not risk being near this, for this was the women’s world and the hapless man would likely be pushed into the middle with some sort of performance demanded of him. Certainly the most popular portion of this masquerade was when a woman pretended to be a male in rut, with all mannerisms that went with such a state, sniffing, chasing, salivating and not the least the contortions of humping. Not a few came with exaggerated male appendages, one larger than the other, to pantomime the great pride the owner felt in the size and angle of this protrusion. But still the most jeers and cheers were evoked by the pleading looks, the pained expressions of supplication as the poor male was led by his instincts to debase himself. Ah, such was the push and pull between the sexes!
Girls had braiding and weaving contests of all sorts. There was intense trading in trinkets, pretty rocks, beads and colored bits and pieces of whatever could be found. Rock crystals were most sought after and of course, feathers of every sort, the more extravagantly colorful the better. There were also many varieties of pieces of cloth, but their texture could not compete with the softness of fur or a well-worked skin.
There were also smelling contests, as closed folds of aromatic plants and flowers were passed around and the contestants guessed their contents. A wrong answer would eliminate the contestant, and thus the last to remain was declared the winner. Sage and wintergreen were easy to guess, but the bland-smelling charro-leaf eliminated the most contestants. Sometimes there was no winner at all, as all were eliminated.
Others were content just to watch and laugh at the antics of the revellers all around.
To Chaiko this sudden transformation of such stiff and formal people seemed amazing. Not to Ushi; he threw himself into the midst of all the celebrations with great enthusiasm. He was seen stealing kisses and touches from the girls, and came back covered with welts. An irate hunter also hit him full across the back with the length of his spear when Ushi came a little too near his mate and allowed himself such liberties. That hurt, but still he considered himself well rewarded by a touch of the softest of parts. Reckoned by Ekulan preferences, she was as soft as she was beautiful.
One of the highlights of the night was the beauty contest, to find the most perfect male and female form. Chahadar, a muscular young man, was considered by far the best, though everybody mentioned his propensity for giving himself airs over it. It was said that he lifted rocks to build more muscles and even refused to eat any meat, to keep his body trim. Chloe, a round girl, was considered the most beautiful. That she was the softest was unquestionable, for a shiver coursed through her body at her every step. One adoring young man nearly fainted at the mere sight of her. Chaiko had to wonder who set the standards for beauty and how did they get so exaggerated? There was no question that Chloe was adored, by males and females alike, releasing pent-up desires as a forest of hands reached to touch her. That seemed then to have stirred up all the boys again, and they ran through camp, whooping and hollering, stealing a quick feel from all females encountered.
A gangly youth, covered with paint, made the mistake of trying to snatch a feel from Tara. He ended up on his back quite a distance away, wondering how he had gotten there. Tara was fiercely indignant at this intrusion into her private space. Chandar found himself actually trying to convince his mate to join in the fun instead of bristling at every little innocent incursion. She finally did, wading into a wrestling match of young men, scattering them right and left and altogether ending that contest for the rest of the evening. Chandar, shaking his head, eventually managed to interest her in some wild and abandoned dancing near the main fire.
Dawn came over to Chaiko and dragged him into the midst of the surging mass of dancers. People were singing as someone beat a skin drum. It was exciting to be caught up in the pounding beat, a few elbows adding to the passion of the dance. A couple of times Chaiko trod on other’s people’s feet with his wooden leg and heard them hiss in pain, but that too was part of this celebration. Occasionally someone would throw some water over the dancers to cool them down.
The whole camp was in an uproar and everywhere there were sounds of laughter and shouting. A few agile boys were using long staffs to vault over the main fire itself. One boy, on landing, staggered backwards almost into the fire but was snatched to safety by friends. It was all great fun, even if there were a few minor injuries.
Then the evening came to a heady climax and horn after horn blared into the air the call of the Elk. This produced a frenzy of shouts, “The Elk.... welcome to the Elk... they are on the way!” And people jumped up and down, everyone taking part, trying to stay in unison. “The Elk! Elk! Elk!” Chaiko also joined in though it wasn’t easy with his one good leg.
Eventually people dropped out exhausted and collapsed onto the grass, still yelling, “Elk!”
When the frenzy had quieted some, distant drumming could be heard from the nearest rowe. Jagged-Feather answered with the large message drum. The booming could be felt pounding in the hearer’s chest.
The celebration lasted late into the night, and light was already stealing into the sky when the last of the celebrants went to sleep.
Not surprisingly, the next day the whole rowe was sluggish. It took quite a while for people to take note of the new day and even longer to deal with it. Still there was lots to talk about, little things noted and observed the night before. “Did you see the son of Liku and a few others pounce on Ukulae and she such an old mated woman? I swear she was enjoying all their indignities. She cried and carried on, but I heard her sounds and she did not want to be rescued...”
Midday a runner arrived to report that the herd had reached the first cataract. “We know!” was the cheerful reply. The messenger was disappointed, having run such a long way with the news.
In the early afternoon a strange man showed up at Chaiko’s fire. He was moving awkwardly on crutches but his face was shyly hopeful. Immediately staring at Chaiko’s wooden leg, he wanted to know how he too, could grow one. Chaiko bade the man to sit then examined his injured limb. He had lost his left leg above the knee in a bad fall. The bone had not fractured straight across but rather had splintered more along its length and even three years after, still caused the man severe pain. He reported that sometimes a splinter of bone slowly worked through the skin. There was an ugly closure wound on his stump, with hard ridges. Chaiko demonstrated his own mobility but cautioned the man that because he did not have the knee, his motion would be less than fluid.
“If I could only stand without these,” the man said, indicating his crutches.
“That we can do,” Chaiko said, remembering with some sympathy how he had felt. He then took off his wooden leg to show how it was made and fitted, and explained what he could do for him. The man saw that it was not magic but some contraption of wood and leather. Chaiko measured the man’s missing foot with a string cut to exact length, then told the man to come on the morrow. Afterward he and Ushi went into the woods and searched until he found the proper piece of wood. It was a length of dead branch, seasoned hard, but not infested with worms or rot. By evening he had two lengths about the right size that he worked; first he soaked them and then dried them in the fire, to age and toughen up the wood.
The next day the man presented himself early, eager to get started on his new leg. He was obviously excited at the prospect of “walking” again. Chaiko fitted the wood to him and began to work on a harness. Because the end of the bone was jagged, he decided not to have contact at the bottom but more up on the sides of the thigh. As Chaiko worked he barely noticed anything else but did keep up an easy conversation with the man as his hands worked and found out quite a lot about him. His name was Fast-Fox, but everyone called him Lame-Fox now, and he lived with the Firebird rowe to the north. His wife was a pleasant, round woman with the name Smiling-Moon. He had two daughters. Before the accident he had been an adequate hunter which, given the Ekulan mannerisms, was considerable praise. It had gone poorly with them since. His disposition had soured with the bitterness of his loss, and he had found little pleasure in life.
Chaiko said half-seriously. “Ever since I have gotten this leg, nothing but good things have happened to me. I found a mate, have a strong and healthy son and another on the way. I just don’t know what to do with all the good things that befell me.” The man brightened considerably. Chaiko continued, “Between you and me, whole people do not know what they have. And they do not know how to appreciate it. Well, we do, you and I.” And he held up the man’s wooden leg for inspection. The wood was still green, needing more curing, but that could not be helped given that they had so little time. He strapped it on the man’s stump, warning him, “Do not expect much at first. It will take you time to get used to this. Your stump also will need time to adapt and for you to find the rhythm of walking again. But, believe me, soon you will be walking.”
The first steps were indeed rough and awkward, more lurching and staggering than walking. But the man could stand without assistance, and for now that was enough for him. He limped and staggered around some more, but Chaiko stopped him, saying it was not worth the risk of breaking the other leg. They would practice again tomorrow. Much encouraged by even such a shaky start, Lame-Fox left elated. Chaiko then worked on the other piece of wood, so that the man would have one in reserve.
Another runner arrived with the news that the herds had crossed again at the second cataract on the upper reaches of the Big-Muddy. A large herd was in the lead, with the legendary Moss-Thorn near the front. This news sent a fresh stir of excitement through all the rowes as it was considered good luck even to catch sight of this fabulous beast; that he led was a special sign of good fortune. After the last such occurrence there followed an especially bountiful year and all the new-born children survived. This was indeed a cause for further celebration and soon a very festive mood again took hold of the camp. Bonfires were lit, singing was heard from all over and dancers pranced everywhere. Chaiko was beginning to appreciate that the Ekulan were so formal the rest of the year because they burned themselves out with festivities as they waited for the passing of the herds.
		“Who has heard the herd passing?
		 And counted all of their numbers?
		 The elk are soon a-coming
		 I can feel the ground shaking
		 and hear their calls echoing
		 bringing winter with them
		 with wind driving ice and snow.

		 They will soon be here
		 Hunters, pick up your weapons
		 Women tend to your fires
		 Run children to see the herd flowing
		 Drummers hear their hoofbeats
		 Answer to welcome them
		 that all may know
		 that the elk and the Ekulan are one.”

And indeed the drums talked back and forth declaring just that. From the back of flars skin-drums appeared and people collected on the ridgeline beating out the message that the elk and the Ekulan were one. From the north came the reply in the voice of the drum from the Sand-Turtle rowe that without the elk there was no Ekulan, not one. The sacred horns were carried about on tall poles in long procession. The people sang the songs their ancestors taught them, of the coming of the elk. A fever pitch of expectation took hold of the rowe.
In this tumult Chaiko managed to work with Lame-Fox, promising him that soon he would be dancing too, after a fashion. The man smiled in eager anticipation. With his new leg strapped on he moved about if not gracefully, then at least with a fair amount of agility, and like Chaiko testing his wooden leg in the past, hugely enjoyed having his hands free. As he practiced and found a better balance, he became so elated that he hopped about joyfully. He threw his crutches away, declaring, “I am not Lame-Fox anymore. Maybe I will call myself Hop-and-Skip.”
Looking at him, Chaiko was able to recapture some of the sheer joy he never got to experience when he first tried the leg on himself. In some way, in the joy of this moment, he felt the pride of having truly accomplished something important. When the shaman gave Hop-and-Skip the second leg, he started crying in gratitude and found it hard to leave. Yet he was determined to start home that day, eager to show off his new leg to his family and rowe. At the edge of the woods he turned and waved, started, but then turned back to wave again and again.
That night the festivities continued, at times getting wilder and wilder still. The noises of the revelry filled every corner of the camp. Dawn pointed out that because they were the southernmost rowe, the last to see the herds and get to the serious business of hunting, the Jagged-Feather rowe got to celebrate the longest and build up the most anticipation and hunger for the herd. For this reason also the Jagged-Feather had acquired the reputation of being somewhat frivolous and given over to excess. The noise of all the festivity certainly seemed to prove that. Chaiko, however, was content to just sit and enjoy the knowledge that somewhere to the north a man could walk again because of him. Dawn, reading his mood, hugged him and stroked his hair. “Eku. My Eku,” she called him.
Chaiko realised that these people looked forward to the coming of the elk fully as much as the Standing-Rock Clan awaited the arrival of the bison. This flooded him with an intense desire to see his kin and clan again. He scanned the night sky hoping somehow to spot an eagle he could send as a messenger. But aside from the shadow of a cloud passing across the face of the moon, nothing was visible. He felt guilty that he was so far away from home and shirking his responsibilities as shaman. An Eku, as Dawn had called him, belonged with his people. He sent a strong wish of blessing their way.

Chapter 17
The next two days proved to be hectic. Runner after runner arrived with news of the progress of the herds. Each new word fed the anticipation already at fever pitch. The herd was within sight of Elk-Rock. Later reports indicated that they had crossed Snake River and were moving into Swift-Current Basin. Two more days would bring them within reach of the Jagged-Feather rowe.
Eagle-on-High called a general assembly. Everyone came, from the youngest to the oldest, for this too was an important part of receiving the herd. Families were called name by name and given their quota.
Short-Boar, standing beside Eagle-on-High, called out in a loud voice, “Light-of-Storm, to you and your family is granted the honor of two and a half elk. Cast your spears, let them find their mark, do not cause suffering. We thank the elk.” Ceremoniously, Light-of-Storm received a tall reed as a token of the permission given. His family and kin then celebrated with a brief flurry of dancing while the onlookers clapped out the rhythm.
“Flying-Hawk. You may take a share of three and a quarter, as has been the right of your family from the earliest days. We thus remember your forefather who saved the people of Jagged-Feather rowe from the Killer-Fire that would have surely consumed them. Be sure of your aim to cause no other harm. We thank the elk.”
“We thank the elk!” the crowd roared back.
One by one the proud names of families were called out and each received a token of their authorization. The family would then demonstrate its joy and honor in a pattern of signature dance figures handed down from generation to generation, each adding a little, changing a little. Short-Boar’s voice gave out and Hoar-Bear took over. He had named every family and handed out every reed but one. A lone reed was stuck in the sand, still waiting to be presented. Had someone made a mistake?
Hoar-Bear continued. “We now remember families whose lines have died out. But we promised to hold them in memory as long as there is a rowe called Jagged-Feather. Storm-Cloud we remember you. Spear-on-High your name is still mentioned among us. Fast-of-Foot we recall you were the fastest that ever lived. Low-in-Grass a hunter of great renown, you were ...” a long list of names followed, making Chaiko wonder how a person could retain all that. “We remember you all and thank the elk in your stead.”
“We thank the elk,” the crowd roared in reply. This marked the end of the ceremony but still nobody moved for there was something unusual in the air. Eagle-on-High rose, exuding strength. It was interesting how recognition increased the stature of a man. He stood in the center of his people now, taking the last reed in his hand.
“Today we send runners to the north to scout the approaching herd. The rest of us will pack and move onto the ridgeline to watch the passing of the herd. May their numbers always be plentiful. The hunters will do their duties as authorized.” He paused, then held up the last reed in the absolute quiet that held its breath. “I have but one more thing to do and I take great pleasure in doing it.” He walked around in a circle lifting the reed high. “The elk and the Ekulan are one. But there are other peoples who are strangers to the elk. Yet strangers have come to us, brought by a lost daughter of the rowe. They have brought us great knowledge and have fought our enemies. They deserve our thanks and our recognition.” The people were nodding their heads. “Therefore, I give this last reed to Kaiko, the Eku of his people he calls Clan. With this token I confer on him and his kin the right of three elks.” He presented the reed to Chaiko, who in these moments always felt so awkward, his throat swollen by emotions. The cripple has come a long way, he thought somewhere deep inside. Beside him Dawn beamed proudly up at him. The shaman bowed his head to the people in thanks and appreciation of the honor granted him. Many heads bowed back.
“Henceforth, may the elk recognize him!” Eagle-on-High yelled.
“May the elk recognize him!” the crowd responded in a collective, booming voice, each of them proud to have witnessed this moment when a stranger among them was so recognized with this highest of honors: the right to harvest three elks. What other rowe could claim that?
The gathering broke up and soon after the scouts left, both Short-Boar and Hoar-Bear among them. The rest went to pack for the short journey to the west to stand on the ridgeline to witness the passing of the herd.
Hollow-Tree was instructing Chaiko with intense concern. “You must kill the elk cleanly. Be certain to cause no suffering to the elk, lest the blessing turn into a curse and your luck be changed. Are you sure you can do it?”
“Yes,” Chaiko reassured him. “It’s the same with us. The bison are treated with respect.” His mind went to the stampede last year. A wanton waste of many, many animals. But his eyes did not waver.
“Before you cast your spear or make your thrust, you must let the elk see you. For he too has the right to recognize the danger facing him and have a chance to escape it. Only a coward hunts from hiding. You must never hunt the c’ribu, for they lead the herd and without their guidance the elk would be lost. Take only the old and leave the young to grow and raise a family...” Hollow-Tree continued on anxiously.
In time, all these instructions were starting to irritate Chaiko. “Do they really believe that no one else ever hunted?” But then he remembered how the Standing-Rock Clan felt when last year the Tolmecs invaded clan lands to hunt the bison. No, a precious resource had to be protected and he listened more patiently to the wisdom these people had acquired living with the elk. It was not up to him to question them.
Finally Hollow-Tree finished his long instructions. His face was screwed up with worry; it was perhaps not too wise to let strangers loose among the herd to break traditions and taboos. But then he remembered a cave and a long, narrow ledge leading from it and he relaxed. This stranger had earned every honor. The elk be thanked.

Late that afternoon the celebrations started up again. A gang of youths ran through the camp yelling, “The elk have passed the Place-of-Rocks, and are on their way. Let the rowe celebrate and with joy welcome the elk.” A day more and the elk would be here; people nodded cheerfully at each other at these tidings, and some broke into more impromptu dances of delight. It was beginning to irk Chaiko, who was looking forward to some quiet thinking but Ushi shared the indigenous enthusiasm. At first sign he disappeared to find someone to celebrate with, no doubt.
If Chaiko was growing restless with the unending festivities, Tara was all the more so. She was surprised by a group of boys who descended on her, intent on some harmless fun. Well, she gave them a fist to the right and the other fist to the left, then ran down the middle. Boys were scattered like chaff into the wind, and soon the whole camp knew to leave the warrior-girl alone. That was, except for a big lout who answered to the name of Oyster-Paw. He just had to take a closer look at Tara. He accosted her on the open pathway demanding a kiss to honor the elk, he claimed. Well he got one, right across the lips that jarred two of his teeth loose. But instead of discouraging him, it fixated his attention on her, and he became her shadow. Every time she looked around there he was, hanging about hopefully. Tara was about to take her fighting-stick and discourage him some more, but Chandar intervened. “We can’t always be beating others into compliance,” he said to her. “Let me first reason with him.”
He went over to the smitten youth and told him that Tara was taken.
Oyster-Paw just shrugged his shoulders and said, “I am not surprised, she’s such an attractive woman.”
“She is taken by me,” Chandar growled less kindly. “She’s my mate.”
“Now that does surprise me,” said the other, indeed surprised.
“Now how so?” Chandar demanded, forgetting his kindly intent altogether.
“That she would find such a small person as you in any way attractive,” the lout said as if stating a fact. He puffed his chest up to show that in contrast, he had ample size to recommend him.
“She did not mate me for my size,” Chandar said dangerously.
“Then for what?” Oyster-Paw looked him up and down, as if searching for something worthwhile, but shook his head not finding anything.
“For my temper!” Chandar exploded, then punched him in the nose. When the other went down, blinded by the pain, Chandar grabbed him by the hair and flung him head first into a nearby flar that promptly collapsed. The youth scrambled to his feet, staggered off and that was the last time they saw Oyster-Paw.
Tara looked at her returning mate and commented dryly, “That was a nice bit of reasoning.” He grumbled something under his breath, no doubt more reasoning.
The owner of the upset flar returned to find his place down and his possessions scattered all around. There was nobody to tell him what had happened. He scratched his head, aggravated and muttering darkly. More reasoning, Tara surmised, but she was not at all upset by the signs of spirit her mate had shown. Not at all. And she hummed cheerfully as the festivities got more under way. Maybe tonight he should collect a nice reward, she thought and hummed with growing enthusiasm.
Needless to say, Chaiko did not get his time to reflect. Dawn dragged him from one flar to the next on social calls. She told him, “He who only eats the elk could be a stranger still, but he who is allowed to hunt the elk is an Ekulan himself.” Certainly people showed a subtle change in attitude toward him. Particularly the women grew bolder and openly looked at him, though they still looked away soon enough when they were seen watching, as politeness demanded of the situation. Dawn tried to explain that they were no longer afraid that he would steal part of their soul. Strangers somehow were presumed to have such abilities.
They went to a new flar and were greeted according to custom by the man. “Welcome to my fire. Please take these seats,” the host offered.
“This is Fire-a-Flame.” Dawn introduced the young man of about the same age. Chaiko bowed slightly. “And this is Willow-Bloom, his mate.” Chaiko immediately noted her careful tone, then remembered having often heard this name in the past. Was it not her closest childhood friend? “And this is their son, Flame-in-the-Willows.” she pointed to a two year old, regarding the guests with serious round eyes. They all settled down around the fire.
Although the young couple gave them every courtesy and tried to be pleasing hosts, an awkwardness soon grew about the visit. The women remained much too quiet throughout, and the conversation lagged as a consequence. Help, Chaiko flashed Dawn a look, but she remained impassive, so much so that Chaiko suspected tears behind the unresponsive facade. Willow-Bloom too reflected Dawn’s detachment, though her face was flushed from the effort. Thus the silences grew painful as both men became aware of the strain between their mates but did not know how to bridge it. They ignored it as much as they could and talked about the mildness of the autumn and expressed the hope that the same would continue through the winter.
There was a brief sparkle of interest when Chaiko described the arrival of the bison herd to the plains in spring. Fire-a-Flame then responded with a long-winded dull monologue meant to cover the silence, but succeeded only in making everyone even more painfully aware of it.
It was with a certain sense of relief on both sides, when after a suitable length of time, the visit could be terminated. “Be sure to come again,” Willow-Bloom called after the departing guests.
Next came Slant-Eyed-Wolf and then Down-the-Hole. In comparison to their previous visits, these quickly turned animated and amiable, as if discovering long lost relatives. The conversation flowed naturally, both sides finding an interest in the others’ curiosity. They stayed the required amount of time, then moved on.
On the way back Chaiko asked, “What was going on with Willow-Bloom and Flame-a-Fire?”
“Fire-a-Flame,” she corrected, then her face turned troubled. “I guess neither of us can reconcile not being what we once were—inseparable. We can’t find some comfortable middle ground. We both are too aware that I must leave soon and then what?” Chaiko had no wisdom to offer, the hurt was too deep, the lack too great. “I wish ...” Dawn started, then paused. “I wish... I could take all my people back with us.”
Chaiko understood. “I think Fire-Dancer and Hollow-Tree will come with us,” he offered cautiously.
Immediately she brightened. “Do you think so?”
“Yes. Eagle-on-High is beginning to realize the advantage of knowing your neighbor before he gets to know you. The only question that remains is whether he feels independent enough to act on his own and not run to the Council with it.”
“That would bring ToTo on our necks again,” she said disconcerted. “I don’t trust the man.”
“I trust him enough to know he is motivated by self-interest. If we can present our case to his advantage, we could not ask for a better supporter of our cause. He can find reasons for his reasons, as even fleas have fleas to torment them. But I hope it will not come to that.”
Deeply troubled by Dawn’s pain over the lost friendship, Chaiko sought a way around the problem. It was, however, not rooted in reason but mired in some emotional morass, he thought with some distaste. Still, a shaman had to meet the people where they lived rather than wait until they came to him.
“We will have to ask Flame-a-Fire and Willow-Bloom to visit us,” he said as the head of his flar.
“Fire-a-Flame,” she corrected unconsciously, then threw an appraising sideways glance at him. Sociability was not his strongest of urges, so what was he up to now? Just then a group of boys came running along, throwing water and moss-balls at each other, laughing in the spirit of the festivities. A wet waterbag missed its aim and hit Chaiko in the face. “Big-Fart!” Dawn yelled after the disappearing group.
“Yes, Doan.” A lanky boy turned back, pulling in his neck defensively, looking at them sheepishly.
“You apologise!” she said sternly. This was the oldest son of her brother and she had a responsibility for him.
“I am sorry, Eku,” the boy said contritely, with all signs of respect. Chaiko nodded and the boy ran off, glad to be released.
The camp was in an uproar with the ongoing celebrations, but further toward the centre whereas it was relatively quiet around their flar. They settled down, each busy with their own thoughts. Chandar and Tara returned and withdrew into the flar that became suspiciously quiet except for a few suppressed giggles that escaped. Tara giggling? Dawn looked mystified at the flar; it seemed so out of character for the warrior-girl. Dawn was aware that Tara had been treating her with great deference, ever since the ledge. She herself felt more kindly toward the girl, struggling as she was with trying to be both hard and soft at the same time. Certainly she had changed greatly in a short time. There was a sparkle of enjoyment about her that had definitely not been there before. But then Chandar was always so solicitous toward her, how could she not respond? Dawn thought. Maybe a little too solicitous. It would not hurt their relationship if Tara was not always the centre of it. How could Dawn communicate that to them tactfully? When she tried using the many sayings of her people that cast some oblique reference to their problems, they just looked at her oddly, thinking she was confessing some of her own shortcomings. For if the Clan had little subtlety, the Tolmecs had none. They wanted to hit you directly with their weapons, brutally truthful, not counting the emotional damage that their directness caused. So they probably had things to learn from each other, Dawn thought. Harmony must learn focus.
Ushi came back to stuff something into himself. He swallowed mouthful after mouthful, hardly taking time to chew.
“What’s your hurry?” Chaiko asked finally.
“Ah, a wise man takes heed to do things in their time. Right now the Ekulan are celebrating but in a couple of days you will hardly get a word out of them. So I am making use of the time given to me,” Ushi philosophised between mouthfuls of food.
“To use for what?” Chaiko asked in spite of himself.
“Why, to bring joy to the world,” Ushi said, his eyes innocently wide, almost candid in their expression. “There is a flower that needs attention, a few kind words, a few wise ones to bedazzle her, and the flower will gladly pour out all its nectar for you...”
“What would the wise words be?” Chaiko was interested.
“Why it is that women of the Chiaro tribe, to prove their love and loyalty to their men, must do as they are asked and sleep with even a stranger.”
“How is that wise?”
“It is wise in that the Chiaro never fight over women or children,” Ushi said; to him those were major considerations. He always sought to get along, he just got along better with the women than with the men.
The trader then went off and was not seen again until morning, when bleary-eyed, he was roused to make the trek to the ridgeline that overlooked the passing of the herd. The whole camp was astir with activity. Unlike Ushi they were wide awake, knowing how to take short naps even in midst of a noisy celebration. They called cheerfully to one another, reminding their neighbours not to forget the least little thing that they would need that day.
Soon the whole camp was in motion heading north-west along a broad track made over countless years. The ground was bare, trampled into a hard surface by the passing of many feet. Ahead marched the standards, the emblems of the elk. A forest of sacred horns and skulls, some festooned with flowers and greenery, swayed atop long poles. A lone drum beat a stately marching rhythm. Everyone was cheerful and uninhibited in their conversations, every second sentence ending with the incantation “The elk be thanked.”
People visited each other up and down along the line. In this way Tokata, Short-Boar’s mate, came by with a few shy words about her son and an oblique apology. “The time of youth is filled with restlessness, blowing hither and thither, much like the wind. But who can control the wind?”
“The wind always blows from someplace, casting seed not far from the tree,” Dawn countered with an oblique reprimand. Chaiko just shook his head: for once she sounded like her mother.
A few steps later a comely young woman sidled up to Dawn to confidentially inquire about the Chiaro tribe. Had she ever heard of them? Dawn looked at her in shock. The woman was well mated to a prestigious hunter and had two children. Why that Ushi! But by now he was more than likely buzzing around another flower.
There was a burst of cheering from the front. The vanguard had reached their destination, a ridge that overlooked the valley. Everyone had been anticipating this moment and the ones in the back now pushed to the fore. Dawn led Chaiko proudly to her favorite spot by a granite boulder among sandstones. “Even here,” she whispered to him, “some rocks stand for the Eku of the Standing-Rock Clan.” Chaiko smiled at her fondly, and tried to imagine her as a little girl coming to this place year after year to overlook the passing of the herd and the hunt thereafter. He looked out at the view that had consumed so much of their imagination and longing. Gently rolling fields of grass flowed like a river among groupings of trees and even strands of forest that grew back into the hills. Far to the north the valley extended, disappearing into the distant haze. To the south the valley turned into the hills and was swallowed by them. The Way-of-the-Elk. Otherwise there was nothing intrinsically significant to recommend the view. People were still coming, and the new arrivals ranging themselves with easy familiarity.
“How long must we wait?” Chaiko asked.
“Not long,” Dawn reassured him. “First there will be a smoke signal from the north when the scouts mark the elks’ arrival,” she said pointing to the north. “If it was not so hazy you could probably see the fires of the other rowes, harvesting the elk.”
Chaiko peered in that direction, unable to penetrate the haze. Ushi passed by them with a self-satisfied smile that appeared to have made a home on his face. By some secret pathway, all women were aware of his presence, sensing as the deer sensed the cougar, knowing instinctively when he was full and satiated and when he was hungry and on the prowl. Right now he was neither, or at least that was the impression he wanted to give. Retain their interest but not scare them away. It was, however, obvious that he had not chosen a target yet for his current attention.
Tara came by with Chandar, reminding Dawn of her earlier thoughts about them. But this hardly seemed the opening she needed. Tara appeared to be in a good mood; no wonder, Dawn thought, less then charitably for once, because with her Tolmec nose she could smell the blood not yet shed. That was unkind, she remonstrated with herself.
Chandar was happy because Tara was. He was aware of the curious glances in their direction from both the men and the women. They could not figure Tara out, her fierceness, or him, that he would put up with her insubordination and independence. Well, let them be puzzled; he was puzzled by it himself often enough. It seemed that other women had been too easy to win over, but then they mated with someone else. Now how was that possible? Tara in her determined manner chose him and it was a lucky coincidence that he chose her, someone he could not dominate or bully into subservience.
Suddenly, smoke curled in the sky to the north. The herd had been sighted! All conversation instantly ceased. Intensity was almost palpable in every breath and in every look cast toward the north. Chaiko was reminded of the clan saying, “What shall the North tell the South but that I am here and have come from the frozen land where it is white even in summer and cold lies in the shadows?”
Every year the people of the Standing-Rock Clan awaited the arrival of bison with great expectation, but not like this. Truly the Elk and the Ekulan were one. Up and down the line was filled with murmurs, “We welcome the elk into the land we all share. Welcome to the grass. Welcome at the drinking places.”
“The first herd must be allowed to pass, to ensure that the herd returns next year.” Hollow-Tree suddenly appeared out of nowhere to instruct them. “Only after the lead herd has passed will the hunters be allowed to move in. I shall be your guide.”
Fire-Dancer went up to Dawn and the two sisters smiled at each other in delight. Again Chaiko resolved to move mountains to ensure that Fire-Dancer would be allowed to visit. The sisters hugged; their sons waved at each other in recognition.
Spontaneous singing broke out and would spread up and down the ranks of everyone waiting.
			“Who knows the path the elk take?
			 Who knows their ways and measures?
			 But the c’ribu that lead them,
			 And the Ekulan who follow them.”

Then there were the chants, over and over again, “The elk be thanked!” It seemed to Chaiko that in his whole life he had never waited as hard as he waited the arrival of the elk. Beside them a young woman fainted from the build up of tension that held them all.
A fresh stir passed through the crowd. The scouts! Chaiko saw first a dark line cutting across the waving grass, with one, two, three scouts at the point of it. The elk should be just behind them.
“Who is in the lead?” a tall hunter inquired with more than just passing interest. There was a rumour that a wager had been made by the kin of Wapati that exceeded ten elk hides.
“It is... Pamme!” someone called out to a chorus of cheers and groans as the winners celebrated and the losers mourned. So simply could ten elk hides change ownership.
 “Elk!” the call echoed along the line, fusing their attention on the north. Indeed the first animals appeared, singly at first, spread out, heads turning from side to side, ears twitching, obviously scouting for the herd. Then arrived a group of young males, poised to fight if need be. In midst of them was a large buck, with a magnificent rack of antlers.
“Is that Moss-Thorn?” Chaiko asked.
“No. That is a lead c’ribu,” Hollow-Tree replied.
“How can you tell? The c’ribu I mean?”
“From the color and the horns. They are different,” Hollow-Tree shot back, his eyes on the growing mass of the herd just coming into view.
Chaiko looked, but to him the color appeared the same, and he could spot no difference in the horns. Yes, yes he could after all, he decided, but he did not want to ask for confirmation, for he felt that Hollow-Tree has already lost great deal of confidence in him as far as hunting elk was concerned. “Watch him,” Chaiko instructed himself, “do as he does.”
A fresh group pressed into view, much more numerous, with a broad avenue of trodden down grass following them. Jubilant calls went through the watching crowd.
“What is it?” Chaiko asked Dawn.
“Look at the young. Count their numbers. It has been a good year for the elk.” She and Fire-Dancer grabbed each other and danced, bending gracefully this way and that. If bodies alone were capable of speech, Chaiko mused, these two sisters would still have lots to say to each other.
He looked at the herd, in the midst of them spotting a few young. But the herd was so large that it overwhelmed his view with confusion. In that first look, the Ekulan could read the bounty of the harvest, but to Chaiko’s eyes it was a melee of animals drifting through the slowly rising dust. He shook his head to clear it, but the disorientation persisted.
“Do not think of them as elk, think of them as bison,” he told himself. Immediately a sense of order emerged. The first were the scouts, a group of young bachelors screening for any source of trouble. Then a dense group of families drifting at a steady pace, feeling secure in the knowledge that they were well led and well protected. Then a smaller cluster of young, held tightly together, obviously some kind of nursery on the move. Then groups upon groups of families in separate bunches.
Chaiko then heard the first call of the elk, a braying sound which he found disappointing. After all the waiting, he expected something more noble than a sound like that of grunting peccary. It lacked the sonorous resonance of the bison, from deep within the chest, harmonious through its entire range.
A fresh group appeared flanking a large animal with a magnificent a set of antlers. That must be him, the legendary Moss-Thorn! Chaiko surmised. But no, Hollow-Tree shook his head. Chaiko was surprised: it was hard to imagine a more magnificent animal. He had horns enough for two, and he was a head taller then the rest. The weight of his antlers gave his head an awkward tilt, making the animal look haughty. There was no question that the other animals were his harem, following his every motion. It was obvious that horns counted for a lot among the elk.
A new herd came into view then one more behind it. A great quiet descended on all watchers. “What is it?” Chaiko whispered to Hollow-Tree.
“That is Moss-Thorn!” Hollow-Tree pronounced with reverence, his face aglow with a strange light.
Chaiko could not spot anything worthy of such veneration in the group passing below. Were they joking with him? But there was no mistaking the expression on peoples’ faces. He looked again but only saw a diminutive, almost deer-sized creature, looking alertly about in the midst of a herd. “That’s Moss-Thorn?!” he asked, unable to keep the surprise from sounding in his voice.
“Yes. Is he not wonderful?” Again the adoration was unmistakable.
Chaiko examined him more closely. Barely adequate horns. If anything, only an alertness seemed to commend the creature as he looked from side to side, scanning even the ridge the Ekulan stood on. Then Chaiko noted all the females surrounding him. It seemed that they recognised his qualities for the number of them following him was huge. Chaiko bowed to the wisdom of the female. When it came to procreation, nothing could fool a female when she chose the best available to father her offspring. There was an old clan saying, “To judge the man, look at his mate.” He found this thought very comforting, for who could find any lack in Dawn? And she had chosen him.
Beside him, Hollow-Tree sighed deeply. “He is half elk, half c’ribu. Short of size maybe, but certainly the smartest. One year the ice bridge collapsed early and many elk died trapped on the ice, but Moss-Thorn led his herd to safety.” He sighed again. “A few years later, the elk were many, but so were the wolf and many of the unwary were pulled down by the pack. Soon as a wolf was seen the whole pack cantered nervously off, and the wolves had easy pickings. But Moss-Thorn bunched them all up, and no matter from where the wolves approached all they saw and met were forests of horns lowered against them. His herd passed through untouched.”
Impressive story, Chaiko had to agree. Any leader that took such good care of his charges deserved all their respect. He gave homage to the c’ribu-elk.
Several more formations moved by, then an all male group again. “The vanguard of the lead herd.” Hollow-Tree indicated with his head for Chaiko to follow him and strode off. The hunters were now descending to take their appointed harvest. On the valley below at the edge of the trees they were met by Short-Boar. “Drum-Beat’s herd is next. Let them pass. They have been harvested already by a northern rowe.” Then he led them to a new position. “Prancer is after that, but they are assigned to Hoar-Bear’s group, so we also let them pass through. Jangle-Foot, and Domain have been harvested too, we have to let them pass as well. The next, belonging to Butterfly-Horn we may hunt. But we have time. So settle down. Rest. It will be early evening before it is our turn.”
Chaiko wondered at all do’s and don’ts. Did these people have names for all the animals? He had given none of the bison a name. Not even the one that visited him in visions. These people must have power over the elk to have given them so many names. He sat down with the others around him. They heard the elk passing in a steady shuffle. Occasionally a drumbeat of hooves would canter by at a fast pace, but most of the herd just meandered along knowing they still had a long way to go.
Chaiko hefted the spear in his hand, experimenting with the grip. He had borrowed it from Chandar as he had not used one since the advent of the Falcon. But he thought it safer under the circumstances: with all the intricate proscriptions for hunting elk, he had better use a traditional weapon and let some Ekulan introduce Falcon to the elk. Now he wondered if he had made the right choice after all, for he had not used a spear since he and Dawn hunted deer together on the plains. It seemed so long ago. But he only had to kill one of the three allotted to him; the rest would be gladly done by Hollow-Tree and the others. He examined the spear, a good spear, he concluded then smiled for he had made it. There was his signature falcon-claw mark.
They heard a few shouts to the north. “That is Hoar-Bear cutting into the Prancer herd,” Short-Boar informed them. The shouts faded and they settled down again. The herd continued passing by.
“That is Jangle-Foot,” a hunter reported. Two more herds to go. A hunter also came through the woods to tell them that Hoar-Bear’s group had finished and even now were lugging off their harvest.
“Sooner the better,” Short-Boar grumbled. The smell of blood always made the elk more skittish. Then for some time there was quiet as no more animals moved past. The sun settled toward the far horizon and Chaiko hoped that their herd would arrive before dark, so they would not have to wait through the whole night. Then thankfully more elk came into view.
“Domain,” someone called out. The scouts had been right. Herd after herd moved by in the exact sequence reported. “The next one is ours.”
“Hold it,” Short-Boar advised. “We still have some wait ahead of us.” Reluctantly they settled down. Throughout their trek to the north they had hunted the elk, but only enough to eat. Today each family hunted for the winter and for this year, this was their last hunt. It was therefore vital for this to be a success. Food was shared among families, but it was a matter of pride not to have to depend on the rowe.
This herd passed too and there was quiet again. They slowly got to their feet and readied their weapons. Then Short-Boar instructed, “You know where to go, well go there then.” He dismissed the rest of the hunters. “Do you know what to do with him?” he cocked an eye at Hollow-Tree, who nodded back at him. “Well then you had best take your position.”
Hollow-Tree led, Chaiko close behind him. Once in the open they scurried for cover near the stream of migration. They crouched behind some thorn bushes. Chaiko’s heart was hammering already from the anticipation and the hand that held the spear became slippery with sweat. To make matters worse, Hollow-Tree was again becoming anxious with worry over how an untaught stranger might spoil an entire hunt. “Are you sure...?” he asked repeatedly.
“You are not making me any surer,” Chaiko grumbled half under his breath, but stopped when his guide started chewing on his nails. Ahead they could see another hunter in hiding, but none of the others. Time seemed to be crawling, except for the sun that seemed to race toward the horizon.
There was a muted warning from up ahead. Hollow-Tree tensed as did Chaiko, who closed his eyes and briefly went through the good-hunting ritual. “Be strong, be sure, be calm.” Taking a deep breath, he finished with “Have the patience of a stone.” He peered through the foliage, looking for movement. “Be calm, be slow and deliberate.” There was still no movement. Above the trees some birds rose into the air, so something was moving out there. Then an elk appeared, then a few more, then a whole bunch emerged into the open coming along the now well-worn path.
Chaiko stirred to move into position, but Hollow-Tree held him back. “Not yet.” The lead group moved off. “Wait until Butterfly-Horn passes. That is where the older animals are.” Chaiko nodded. He tried to visualise the animal ahead of him and the slow deliberate motion he would make as he stalked it, then cast the spear. He mentally rehearsed the motions that would be required. He put a hand on the arm of the Hollow-Tree and said with quiet confidence, “It will be all right, you’ll see.” Immediately he regretted having said this to a worrier. Nothing worries a worrier more than reassurance, when all signs seem to point to multiple catastrophes coming at him.
A mass of bodies moved past them, and Chaiko could hear the heavy breathing forced out by each step. The tide of migration washed on, creating little eddies of motion that merged and disappeared in the general flow. Then the leader appeared surrounded by a large crowd of his cows. At the periphery of the group a few subservient males kept order. It was easy to see why people had named him Butterfly-Horn, for the branching and articulation of the horns did resemble a butterfly, and in places, the horns broadened into flat plates, almost like a moose. He tossed his head imperiously and snorted loudly. The smell of sweat and dust lay heavy in the air as they passed. There was a brief lull.
“Now,” Hollow-Tree barely whispered into the quiet. “You may choose anything from now on. The old.” Yes, yes, Chaiko thought... and the helpless.
Three bulls approached. Big-boned, massive frames. Too tough, too old. He let them go. Three more he let by, all males. Then one neared, one horn broken. He was not too old, perhaps past middle age, but with just one horn destined to remain a bachelor, he was probably a laughing stock in elk society. Yes he would do. Chaiko concentrated on the coming shape. He worked his way smoothly behind the cover of the bush to a better position to intercept. He then rose slowly, very slowly, moving only when he had to. The creature paused and Chaiko froze. Then the elk moved on, keeping a wary eye on him. Again with almost imperceptible motion Chaiko edged in front of the beast. Stay calm he willed the beast and himself and took another small step forward. Do not be alarmed, this is what it has always been when the hunter meets the hunted. He locked eyes with the elk. It is my fate to hunt you as it is yours to die that the hunter may live. The man and the beast continued on intercepting course. Perhaps I would have ordered the world some other way, with different rules, but this is the world I was born into and I shall live out my role as will you. With the spear ready, the eyes willed the animal onward. Strangely, the elk did not try to avoid him, but saw no harm in him, just another tree; perhaps his eyes lied to him and his nose was full of dust from the long trek behind him. Chaiko was only a few steps from the beast and ready to cast his spear. Not yet, he commanded himself, you do not want to miss and incur one of their taboos. Then the two stood eye to eye, looking from soul to soul, wondering what recognition they would find there. Slowly Chaiko angled the spear, aimed the tip against the animal’s chest and stabbed it into his heart. It did not hurt the beast, but it hurt Chaiko to see awareness suddenly pass from the animal’s eyes, the head dropping then the rest of the body crashing onto the ground. Chaiko was breathing rapidly. Forgive me brother that I had to do this.
Hollow-Tree was beside him pounding on his back enthusiastically, momentarily forgetting himself. “Good cast!” he praised but then realised it was not a throw at all. “Good thrust,” he corrected himself. How had Chaiko gotten so close to the animal without spooking him? He must truly be an Eku, able to charm even the elk. He wiped his emotions from his face. It was improper to show such joy at the passing of an elk, even if it had only one horn. “The elk be thanked. The elk be thanked,” he muttered for his miscue.
Soon others appeared to help. A long pole was brought and the elk was tied to it. It took six of them staggering to carry the heavy burden away from the track, to an open space behind a screen of trees where the women had collected and were butchering each carcass as it was brought in. The smaller pieces were bundled into elk skin and carried off in quick succession, eastward back to camp. Dawn rose from among the women and came to him, hands covered with gore to the elbows. Kissing him on the nose, keeping her hands behind her back so as not to soil him, she whispered, “Well done dear. It is already said that you cast a spell on the elk and of its own accord it walked onto your spear.” He frowned. “Hollow-Tree said that and Hollow-Tree does not lie.”
Chaiko gave the spear back to Chandar with thanks. It had done the work required of it. The other two elks would be supplied from the general hunt. From then on Chaiko became conscious of the many admiring glances directed at him. He frowned, but tried to hide that it bothered him, that quiet, slow movement and intent could be mistaken for magic. I was careful not to alarm the elk, the rest came from that, he protested to himself. Hoar-Bear came and loudly praised him for his feat. He did not want to listen to being cautious, slow and deliberate, he liked his reality spiced with magic and superhuman action.
Short-Boar added his congratulations to the rest and proved equally unwilling to listen to any diminishing of this achievement. “Modesty is an Ekulan virtue,” he said; “It would not take much to turn you fully into one of us.”
The hunt had been most successful. The quotas had been filled, nobody was hurt in the process, and no elk suffered unduly at the hunters’ hands. Hollow-Tree laid this accomplishment also at Chaiko’s feet, claiming that the stranger had kept all bad luck at bay with his spells. Who else can reason with a cave-bear, but a magician?
Thus it came about that another story was added to the growing legend of Kaiko, a stranger, who by the power of magic made himself an Ekulan. For who else but an Ekulan knew the elk so well? Had not One-Horn impaled himself on the spear offered by Kaiko just to prove that? Who but a magician could do all the things claimed about him?

Chapter 18
For two more days the herds passed, the dust of their migration hanging in the air. Then the flood of animals slowed to a trickle. The last herd that moved through was led by Echo-of-Hooves. After that there was but a scattering of families that had lost the lead c’ribu and the cohesion of the herd. They drifted along compelled by the broad venue stamped into the soil.
Runners were sent north to inform all rowes that the herds had entered the Beyond, from where no Ekulan had ever returned and no Ekulan would willingly go. Thus, the year that began with the arrival of the elk ended with their departure from the land. Winter was counted by the Ekulan as a long night of waiting for the new light of dawn, so that the year might begin again.
To Chaiko’s relief the event passed quietly, without a fresh outbreak of festivities. Of course there was a lot to do. The harvest to be processed and the meat packed for transport to the winter cave. People hurried about, bent down by these chores.
One of the advantages of being an Eku was that Chaiko was not required to work on menial tasks. No, he was expected to do what he was already doing, lolling about the fire, contemplating the nature of things. He was happy enough to oblige, watching Yael and sometimes even Wild-of-Wind, so that their mothers could work unburdened by their care. He played with his son, then with the son of the sister of his mate. There should be a word to describe such a relationship, he mused, to replace the awkwardness of phrasing, so long that most people got lost halfway through. When he got home, perhaps he would look for such a word.
He then thought of home with a guilty conscience. They had been away much too long and it was long past time to go. But he could not bear to cut Dawn’s visit short, and he would not have liked to miss the passing of the herds. It had been a defining moment, full of insights, and now he appreciated more the character of the people who followed the elk.
For a while he practiced with his new toy, the casting stone. Swinging the rock in a circle over his head, he aimed and let go. After just a short while he was able to hit with fair accuracy. Then he would reel the stone back. He thought hard about a name and decided to call it Snake, as both had to be coiled to strike. Pleased with the analogy he practiced some more and things around camp began to show signs of this. The trees all bore strike marks, and the grass was beaten down from his repeatedly dragging the stone over the ground. He did not know what real use to find for this weapon, in hunting or in defense, as other weapons seemed more effective, but he continued to be fascinated by how the stone gathered power from the great circle it drew in the air. Certainly it flew much farther than he could throw any stone. The hum of the stone as it ran its arc reminded him of the hum of Singing-Stick that had turned into a weapon called Falcon. Perhaps in time Snake would reveal its secret and true worth.
Then the work of the rowe was done. The meat was all packed, some already delivered and stored at the cave. All around camp everyone was working on the skins that were drying everywhere, pegged to the ground with people hunched over them, scraping, breaking the tough fibers into pliable stretches of hide.
There were three skins spread about Chaiko’s camp. They drew a sizable crowd of women volunteering to help, just to take a closer look at these people turned Ekulan. They made big eyes at Chaiko when he was not looking at them, wondering how such an ordinary looking man could hide such power. They chatted and laughed over the work. Ushi was circling them, like a lion measuring the field. Now him they could understand they thought, throwing sideways glances at him.
“Invite Willow-Bloom,” Chaiko told Dawn, who looked questioningly after him. Then Chaiko went to Eagle-on-High. He was quickly offered a place of honor and Downy-Swan was happy to present him with delicacies. He declined the grubs, of course, but took some raisins and nuts. She had been treating him with more deference as his reputation among the Ekulan grew. All runners from the other rowes wanted to look at him and inquire about all particulars so they could relate these tidbits back at home. Jagged-Feather had acquired prestige with the other rowes on account of him, so Downy-Swan was now as reluctant to lose him as she had initially been to approve of him.
“This visit has been very enjoyable and instructive for me,” Chaiko began, “but I must shortly leave you, as my clan waits for my return. I have many responsibilities at home that I can no longer leave unattended.”
Eagle-on-High wished he could find ways to tie this man to him, but knew in his heart that no inducement he could offer would suffice. He shook his head sadly. “We will miss you,” Eagle-on-High said simply, then added quickly, “and your mate and child of course. We will not be there to see the birth of your second child. Another cause for sadness.”
“I have come to ask for your permission,” Chaiko began formally, “to allow Hollow-Tree, Fire-Dancer and Wild-of-Wind to visit my clan. The pregnancy would go easier for Doan if she could have her beloved sister there to help. Besides it would be good for the Ekulan to learn the ways of others. It is my belief that there will be much need for such knowledge.” Then he added, “And much prestige among your people for that knowledge,” thereby winning Downy-Swan’s approval.
But Eagle-on-High was harder to convince. He did not like losing yet another daughter to the clan. But if he wanted to tie this man to him, strengthen the bond with him, he must pay the price the man asked. Reluctantly he agreed. “Though it might not be my place to give it, for such things are handled by the Council, you have my permission for a sister to visit a sister and help as any family should.”
Chaiko was elated. No better present could he give Dawn than her sister Fire-Dancer, for a visit at least. He excused himself to hurry back with this news. To his surprise he found Willow-Bloom there with her what’s-his-name mate. The mood was strained, excessively formal. Chaiko swallowed his good tidings and sat down, sniffing at the air. The women again were not talking with each other and there was no conversation to lighten the mood. The other man was mystified, but kept his tongue. Dawn offered nuts around as politeness required of a hostess. She then noticed Chaiko’s hands moving in hunter’s finger-talk. They had not used this since they were hunting together on the plain. She frowned, concentrating. The finger said, wait, do as I do, follow me. Again the fingers repeated silently, follow me, do as I do.
“Why do you serve these nuts? Do you not taste that they have gone sour?” he demanded to Dawn irritably. Her face flushed with consternation. What was this?
“Do you not taste that they’re rancid?” Chaiko spat out, his voice raised in irritation. Shocked, Dawn rocked back on her heels. Why were the fingers flashing, follow me, follow me? What did he want me to do? And why is he being so cruel to me?
“Can a man have no better to offer honored guests but fouled food like this?” Chaiko accused. Alarmed Fire-a-Flame, too, spat a half-chewed mass from his mouth. He had not noted anything peculiar, but certainly his appetite was suddenly gone. Willow-Bloom fidgeted uneasily.
“Why can we not have any seed cakes to offer? Are you too lazy to make them?” Chaiko continued boring in. Dawn’s eyes flooded with tears; he had never spoken to her in such ugly, accusing tones. The fingers still moved urgently, calling attention to themselves.
“Go then, ask your mother how to make them. But seed cakes I will have!” Chaiko face was contorted with ugliness. Dawn tried to hide beneath a mask of balance and harmony. This was not the Chaiko she knew, this was someone else. “Bestir yourself. I want some now!” he barked. Eyes filled with tears, Dawn wanted to defend herself, but could not in front of guests. Still in shock, she stood up to get him the seed cakes.
But Willow-Bloom exploded. “You can’t treat her like that!” she yelled, jumping to her feet.
“Why not? She is my mate!” he snapped at her. “This does not concern you!”
“Oh yes it does,” Willow-Bloom spluttered angrily. She hurried to Dawn and folded her in her arms. “She’s my friend.” Then the fingers stopped talking and the two women wept for all the lost time, the hurt, the loss and the sadness.
“I’m sorry,” Willow-Bloom pleaded with her best friend. “It has been lonely without you.”
Dawn was sobbing and stroking her friend’s hair, trying vainly to smile through the tears, to reassure Willow-Bloom that now everything was all right. Belatedly she realized that her mate had ruthlessly torn away all barriers and pretenses so that they could feel again, and share again what they once had. “It’s ... all right,” she said between swallows of emotions. “He did it for me...”
Fire-a-Flame looked from one to the other, open mouthed, not understanding a thing. Unconsciously, he put some more nuts in his mouth, wondering if something was wrong with his taste, as he could taste nothing sour or rancid. What was going on here? Why were the women all smiles again? Wiping off tears? Why was the Eku smiling so broadly? Fire-a-Flame was nonplussed, unsure of the protocol. Strangers are strange, he concluded, shrugging his shoulders.
The women went aside, hand in hand, somewhere quiet to catch up on the years. The two men were left alone by the fire watching their sons. They did not need to speak, each lost in his own silence as the fire crackled and smoke swirled about the camp. From afar laughter came to them from women working on the skins. Eventually, Fire-a-Flame ran out of things to occupy his mind and looked about inquiringly after his mate. He fidgeted some. “Where did Willow-Bloom go?” he finally asked in an aggrieved voice. Chaiko smiled. The man had probably not wanted to come in the first place and now he was stuck and looking to his mate to rescue him from such an awkward situation. Great relief flooded him when the women came back, holding each other’s hands. Chaiko thought of the sweet lightness that they must now feel after unburdening their hearts.
“We need to go now...” Fire-a-Flame hazarded, “I promised some of the others...”
“Yes, yes,” Willow-Bloom said tenderly to him, then waving to Dawn and to Chaiko, the couple left promptly, the man positively running.
Dawn sat down across from Chaiko and stared thoughtfully at him. He stirred uncomfortably under her gaze. “I am sorry...” he started but she waved him off. “I understand.” They lapsed into silence.
“This has been a good day,” Dawn said cheerfully. She was now ready to share some of it with her mate.
But Chaiko had been holding his peace much too long already and now blurted out, “You know only the half of it. Fire-Dancer is allowed to come ...”
Dawn clapped her hands to her mouth in surprise. “Are you sure?”
“Of course I’m sure. I talked with your father just before. He was not happy about it but he said yes.”
The tears started flowing again, and Chaiko had to conclude that women were made of tears to be able to cry so often and so copiously. Then men must be made of grim silence, he added to himself sardonically.
Dawn slowly settled down, wiped her tears away and beamed. “We can truly go home now.”
“What about Willow-Bloom?” Chaiko asked.
“She and I have made up. Forgiven one another. It is sad that our lives took such separate turns, but it could not be helped. It was not by choice.” She paused thinking. “Maybe we will meet up again.” The possibility warmed her some.
When the rest returned, they found the couple quiet and content. Ushi, the expert in reading the signs, appraised them, but concluded it was not lovemaking that had brought about the relaxed mood. Probably talking again. He had never met a man like Chaiko who could talk other people into things. Well, each to his own. He liked to use other body parts to do the talking for him.
Tara also looked about inquisitively at them, noting their serene tone. She had made it a habit to take her cue from Dawn’s mood, to adjust her own. She did not know how she could ever match this look of contentment. Inside she was still mostly wound up.
“We will be leaving soon,” Chaiko declared.
“When?” Ushi asked.
“Tomorrow or the day after,” the shaman replied. There were many friends to say farewell to. After that, Ushi rushed off; he still had some harvesting to do, he said.
“Hollow-Tree and Fire-Dancer are coming with us,” Chaiko declared. Tara suddenly understood Dawn’s mood and flashed a smile of triumph in her direction. Dawn smiled back. The two women had grown fond of one another.

The next day was spent packing for the journey, mostly provisions. Chaiko was proud of the three new elk hides he now had, things to show to the clan as he described their exploits.
For Hollow-Tree and Fire-Dancer the task proved more difficult. All the possessions that they could not take with them had to be stored for safekeeping. It also did not help that the whole rowe came to their campsite bemoaning the loss of a favored daughter. Fire-Dancer was beloved by all, for how could they not? Even Downy-Swan showed unaccustomed emotion and repeatedly burst out crying throughout the day. In private, she berated her mate, “How could you let our most precious daughter just go like that? And to where, I ask you? To strangers? To be tainted by them? Think of their future.”
“I am,” snapped out Eagle-on-High in ill humor. He did not relish losing his daughter either. “I am thinking of their future. Hollow-Tree is a good man. A good hunter, content to be where he is. A man with a good mate. He does not look beyond that.” He paused and thought, trying to put it into words. “However, he may learn among the strangers wisdom that he would never learn here at home. And who knows, when he comes back, he could become leader of a rowe, like Short-Boar will be, like Hoar-Bear won’t be.” He thought some more, “If he does become leader then his and our daughter’s future is assured.”
At his words, she quieted. He had used the one argument that truly worked with her: the upward ascent of her family in the hierarchy of the Ekulan. Tamed regarding this topic, she found a new outlet for her dissatisfaction. “If only we could do something for Doan...”
“Leave well enough alone!” he burst out irritably at her. “Doan is well taken care of in Chaiko’s care, as he is in hers. I think that she may yet rise higher than all of us.”
Downy-Swan doubted that very much, but dared not voice her dissent given his present mood. Shortly, he was about to lose two of his daughters.

Dawn spent all her spare time with Willow-Bloom. Now that through Chaiko’s brutal intervention the breach was healed, the two friends again shared everything. At the moment there was the pain of the impending separation. This lent an aura of desperation to their activities as they tried to squeeze more into each moment.
“Wherever I am, I will know that you are here, feeling what I feel,” Doan said to her friend, “and I will feel comforted.”
“Life is unfair to take away so much,” Willow-Bloom lamented.
“But life also gave us our mates and our sons.”
Thus they took turns complaining and consoling one another.

Of them all, Tara was the most impatient to start back because she so missed her sister. She had changed on this trip, with emotions flooding through her at times. But all of her feelings started and ended with Cora: her younger sister was the one anchor in her former life that had kept a spark of feeling alive in the warrior-girl. Now, Tara ached to tell her sister all the good things that had happened and all that she had learned. Now she could scarcely understand herself for having been able to just walk away and leave her sister behind.
That night the family and friends gathered around Chaiko’s fire. People were quiet, subdued by the impending parting. Eagle-on-High tried a speech but it was stifled by the dampened mood of the people. “You will come back, soon, surely? We will be here... waiting,” he finished lamely. Even Downy-Swan shed a few tears, going from one daughter to the other. “Now take care of each other,” she pleaded. The two sisters promised.
The men either made long faces or frowned gloomily at one another. Hoar-Bear, who had become fond of Chandar and Ushi, confessed to them how much he was going to miss them. Ushi reminded him that he was going along as escort at least part of the way. “I know,” admitted Hoar-Bear, “but it already hurts.” The trader could find no reply to that. How often had he said good-bye? It seemed his whole life was one long good-bye. Then why was it getting more difficult to do so now? Because he had become a part of Chaiko’s shadow, and felt what he felt? Had he finally found a home?
Red-Feather was a young woman who so admired Tara that she had started dressing and wearing her hair in imitation. She had even begun to carry a stick about camp. It was not long until she was challenged by some of the older boys for such unseemly behavior. One of them beat her badly with a stick. Red-Feather cried in defeat then got up in defiance and provoked the next fight. After four defeats could not subdue her, the boys gave up, and she went about camp black and blue but no longer harassed. When Tara heard of her encounters, she sought out the girl and together they made a great show of going around camp like twins. On the quiet, Tara had also taught her quite a few tricks with the fighting stick and devised some exercises for her to improve her skill. Red-Feather was now devastated that her mentor was about to leave; she now hung her head and felt sorry for herself. Tara gave her a hug, but otherwise there was nothing she could do for her. With her newfound feelings, the warrior-girl herself was surprised how painful this parting was becoming. Leaving the Tolmecs had been easy, the clan only a little more difficult, but now even these strangers had grown on her. What must Dawn be feeling now? she thought in sympathy.
Dawn was feeling dejected indeed. She and Willow-Bloom sat together, holding hands. They dared not to look at each other for fear of bursting into tears. As it was, each was aware of the other’s deep sighs and soul-shaking shudders. Both sons, sensing their mothers’ pain, started crying and demanding attention so the women had to swallow their anguish to attend to their sons. They quieted them and hugged them a little too fiercely, as if the infants were a shield against the hurt they felt. Chaiko looked at them from across the fire, feeling bittersweet himself, mildly envious of the mothers’ ability to sink all their joys and sorrows into the care of their children. For men, it seemed, that kind of hurt needed some injury. He bit his lip painfully.
A long procession of women took leave of Ushi. They stood at the edge of the firelight to catch Ushi’s attention. Some were crying so Ushi would hurry to console them. They disappeared briefly into the darkness. Dawn was surprised by the number of them, as well as who they were. The men would talk of Chaiko and his exploits but the women would have Ushi to remember.
Then sadly the evening drew to a painful close as one-by-one people drifted away, taking with them a different vision of the world they knew so little of.
 On this eve of their departure Chaiko was beset by guilt for having stayed away from his clan for so long. He felt he had shirked his duties and it weighed now heavily on him. Baer’s image loomed in the darkness reproaching him. But it had been worth it! Dawn had her time with her family to heal some old wounds. They had fought an illness and won. The news of it would have to be sent to all the clans. Yes, he had learned many things on this trip: that people were the same all over though they cloaked themselves in different languages and customs, and came to believe different things in their search for answers. Whose answers were right? Perhaps all of them had a little part of some larger truth. Of all things he had learned, perhaps the greatest was that there had to be something more than this, something to give meaning to their lives. Something bigger that understood all things and could explain it to a poor confused soul like the humble shaman of the Standing-Rock Clan. He longed more than ever for such clarity. Slowly he managed to push the feeling back inside, so he would not go crazy with the thought of it.
It was ironic that the more his reputation grew, the smaller Chaiko felt. He did not have the magic which people ascribed to him. He had no special powers at all. He was weaker than most, which was why he had to fight so hard and think so hard. Thus every sign of honor given him made him feel more like a charlatan. At the same time he knew his very effectiveness as a shaman depended on people’s belief in his abilities. So his protestations could not shake their faith in him. But in whom could he have faith? Bogan? He too was just a man, who had to run from his reputation all his life. Probably, but Chaiko himself was reluctant to let go of the myth of the man.
He looked up into a clear cold night and smelled snow in the air. Winter was drawing close. He shuddered. It was high time they got home.

Next morning, the parting was an anticlimax of sorts. The whole rowe was moving too, to their winter cave. Family after family left with early light. Again friends and family showed up for a last farewell, a hurried awkward affair as everyone was too numb and distracted by the way ahead of them. Then to the last good-bye, Short-Boar led the way out of camp. The sad procession caused a brief flurry of gloomy excitement in its wake as they crossed paths with people heavily loaded down by their possessions. Then thankfully they were among the trees; in the shadows the light made no mockery of their feelings. A young woman followed them a while, until Ushi finally turned and waved to her one last time.
Dawn’s every step was heavy as she said good-bye to the land of her birth. Never again would she think of it in the same light, as the place of her childhood that she lost on account of the great cataclysm. For this time she left it voluntarily, to choose the life she had found among the clan. It was a great solace to have Fire-Dancer so near and she threw frequent glances in her direction. Her sister too was having problems coping with the thought of leaving this land. They were still within sight of her home, but already she felt like a traitor, betraying her allegiance to the land that had nourished her. And to the elk! Fire-Dancer shuddered and increased her steps, nearly colliding with her brother, Hoar-Bear. “What, little sister, why be in such hurry to leave the land?” saying exactly the wrong thing under the circumstances. He was then taken aback when she burst out crying.
Above the confluence of a shallow tributary from the west, they crossed the Big-Muddy into the territory of the Sand-Turtle rowe, who had been alerted to their approach by a runner sent by Short-Boar. Thus they found the camp fully arranged to celebrate their arrival. It seemed everyone had collected for the occasion and even some hurried attempts were made to decorate the place in their honor. This was a great day for them, the visit of a living legend, passing through their land. Everyone craned their necks to catch a glimpse of him. Not a few were disappointed by his ordinary, even diminutive appearance. How could he have faced the cave-bear, defeated the Tolmecs and banished the dread disease? Chaiko sensed their doubts and felt more of a pretender than ever. The women then looked at Ushi, oh yes, they had heard of him. He looked older than they had expected, and was not all that attractive. But when they saw the warrior-girl they found pride and strength; in her, at least, the women could take pride in themselves.
As a result, hardly had their journey begun when they had to stay the rest of the day to accept the homage of the Sand-Turtle rowe. This turned into a rather constrained affair as Baltimar, the leader, was a middle aged man who did not have the polish to make their guests feel at ease. Instead of extolling their accomplishments, he could not get over the fact of how common Chaiko appeared and took occasion to point this out. He walked and talked like them, ate and drank just like them. He could, in fact, find no difference. Chaiko found this type of attention painful as well. It was Dawn who finally deflected the conversation into more comfortable topics, of the last hunt and how good the herd had looked. They had all shared the bounty of the numbers. They well remembered the anxiety and the sorrow of the years when the herd had not been thriving.
There remained a crowd in the background watching the proceedings. But they also could find nothing remarkable about the strange shaman. Surely they had a right to expect something special. Why would the Jagged-Feather be the only one to boast about him? A young boy, on a dare, sneaked behind Chaiko and touched him. Dawn grabbed him as he tried to run away and brought him to Chaiko. The shaman looked at the now contrite boy and found himself looking into the same startling blue eyes of his mate. Without knowing why, he reached a hand to rest it on the boy’s head and declared loudly, “Be strong, lad, for you will grow up to be powerful and filled with spirit to lead your people. Let your name be He-who-Walks-Straight so that others who follow you may also walk straight as you show them.” There was a great quiet that followed his words. The boy blinked up at the shaman, showing no sign of any of the qualities the shaman had just ascribed to him. The crowd murmured, “Is that not Small-Foot? How is he straight?”
Chaiko wondered what made him say such a thing, too shocked to remonstrate with himself. Dawn looked at him with wonder. Some Ekus had second sight. Was he one of them? Then she shuddered; it was not comfortable to live so close to a man who could see beyond the present reality. But to her surprise she saw fear in his eyes and hurried to reassure him. On that awkward note the evening ended and they could all escape to the flars lent to them. Then they said painful good-byes to their escorts who wanted to return to help their rowe move to the winter cave.
“Take care of yourselves,” Short-Boar said to both his sisters. Hoar-Bear crowded after him, and gave them the great bear hugs he was famous for when they were still children. The two brothers then stood briefly with Hollow-Tree talking earnestly with him. They commended the safety of their sisters into his hands. Hollow-Tree nodded with frowning intensity. Then the last of the Jagged-Feather were gone, disappearing into the twilight.
Next morning they rose very early and left without much ceremony. Still half the rowe showed up and accompanied them quite a ways, singing to the beating of drums. Let it never be said that the Sand-Turtle rowe fell short in giving honor where due. On the road, the ungainliness that had marked the previous day melted away and people enjoyed the procession. It was cold but the sun made the cold pleasant. The mood turned light and humorous, helping the way seem not arduous at all though it led over broken ground that often swallowed the trail.
At a creek that marked the northern end of their territories the group stopped, shouted their good-byes and broke into more loud songs to ease them on the way. On the other side of the creek, six scouts of the Summer-Run rowe offered them escort through their territory. Chaiko was relieved to learn, however, that they were not expected to make a further detour to their camp. The procession soon lost itself under a thick canopy of trees, but the sound of drumbeats still followed them for a time.
The group moved into a wide valley that pushed itself into the ever increasing climb into the hills on the eastern edge of the Ekulan. Gradually the valley narrowed. To the north a line of cliff rose, which suddenly came alive and greeted them. On the top, a long line of people stood from west to east waving skins to make themselves visible even at such a distance. The sound of many voices came to them faintly, “We the Summer-Run rowe greet the Eku of their neighbors to the east,” the leader of the escort said proudly. Chaiko felt small again. He would have to be an old, old man to earn all the attention he was getting.
As long as they were within sight, the hills waved in homage. “What shall the East say to the West?” Chaiko interrogated himself. They were at the end of the valley now, where the way was barred by a solid line of hills with just a narrow path zigzagging up a steep slope. The escorts paused and the leader said apologetically, “This is where the land ends. Beyond there lies the rest of the world. But you know more about that than we. Come again Eku.” Then he made a polite bow.
Chaiko could find no words to express what he felt. Suddenly, at the moment of leaving this land, he was gratefully aware of how much he had gained on this visit. He had found the childhood of his mate and was bringing it back with them. She had found the freedom that had been missing from her laughter.
Ushi had to come to his rescue and answer in his stead, “It has been a great honor to visit the Ekulan, to see the beauty of the land and enjoy the generous hospitality of its people. To see the passing of the elk and take stories of their magnificent sight back to our homes. We thank the Ekulan and will think of them fondly. The elk be thanked.” That formulation caused a fresh outbreak of bowing. Then he nodded to Chandar who climbed onto the track leading upward, closely followed by Tara. The rest trailed after. As long as they were still in sight the escort remained, watching their ascent.
On top a wonderful panorama greeted them. To the east lay a procession of hills, crowding in each other’s shadows. To the west lay spread out the Valley of the Elk with the Big-Muddy winding through its broad extent. They could identify a few features that they had gotten to know well during their stay. Chaiko thought of two graves somewhere and regretted the two deaths he had caused. He had also saved many people, he reminded himself. To the south by a cave was a cliff with a narrow ledge that he saw in his nightmares occasionally. And a parade of the elk led by the c’ribu, herds after herds of them. Then he turned his face toward home.
It was with mixed feelings that Hollow-Tree and Fire-Dancer turned from what they knew. From now on all familiar things lay behind them and an unknown beckoned, not a comfortable thought for people whose whole world was a valley and the elk who shared it.

Five days later, they were through the hills and into the broad plain of the bison. Here and there a solitary animal grazed but the giant herds were long gone, and the few left were drifting south. The sight of them cheered Chaiko who was increasingly driven to hurry home. But Dawn found the pace more difficult, as she was feeling her pregnancy more and more. They slowed to her pace. The up and down of the hills had been very difficult for her. Every day now they made camp early and started out later with a long pause at midday. It was Fire-Dancer who insisted on this schedule, for Dawn never complained. Tara looked at her, both in wonder and a little apprehension, because in Dawn’s discomfort, she also saw her own to come: all that lovemaking she and Chandar indulged in, had to bear fruit sometime soon. The thought of her stomach sticking out so and her steps growing wobbly scared her but the thought of a child she found pleasing. A child she would raise properly, with love and caring, she thought fiercely, and with a father too.
Chandar had never been happier in his whole life. Being on a journey had burned off his inner restlessness and he felt much rewarded by Tara’s growing regard for him. The warrior-girl was even showing signs of affection. Before she had always recognized his rights to her, but now she had grown to appreciate them. She was trying to be more like Dawn, he realized. Well why not? The shaman’s mate was a person of quality, as this trip had underscored.
Chaiko was concerned. He had many reasons to, of course, because any day now a snowstorm could come upon them to make the remainder of their trip more difficult. He was glad to be out of the narrow confines of the hills where a snow storm would be disastrous, blocking them for a half moon or more. But the closer they got to home the more their pace slowed on account of Dawn’s pregnancy. So he worried.
He scanned the skies and worried some more. Happily the sun shone through even as the air grew from chilly to cold. Happily as well, it did not rain. They all huddled closer to the fire seeking its warmth, watching the smoke being torn to shreds by the wind.
They camped in a protective hollow of a hill awaiting the beginning of the day. Chaiko watched anxiously as Dawn rose and moved about heavily, such a change from her light step as a dancer. This pregnancy was more challenging than that with Yael, a further cause of worry. Guessing what he was thinking, Dawn smiled at him bravely to reassure him. She would not dare to complain one word and risk causing him more anxiety over her condition.
The weather signs continued good, Chaiko noted with satisfaction, then his eyes noticed the familiar speck high in the sky. An eagle cruising in the altitudes. Remembering previous times, he willed the eagle to fly east then south across the river over the plain to a certain hill of the Green-Valley, a valley-that-was-spared. Again he concentrated on the broadcast as he willed the bird to obey him. The next time he looked the eagle was more to the east just as he had commanded it. There had to be something to this thing, he thought, some power somewhere. But where and how did it work?
When they started this morning it had been Ushi and Chandar who led, with Hollow-Tree, the stranger in this land, keeping near the sisters as he had promised to their brothers. Chaiko thought it ironic that both Ushi and Chandar came as strangers to this land as well, yet now played hosts in it. Who knows what is in our futures? he thought, wishing they were safely back in the cave. They struggled slowly up a rise, assisting Dawn where possible. On top they were rewarded by the river flowing from east to west, then south. His River-of-Destiny. They were at long last nearing home.
It took them a long day’s march to reach the river and a whole day more just to cross it. They built a raft from branches and sticks and floated Dawn over, with all of them hanging on, guiding the awkward construction across the swollen waters. They made camp on the other side and rested around a large fire to dry out. Tara was angry with herself for her teeth chattering with the cold of the river crossing.
Next morning there was a light powder of snow on the ground. No depth at all, just enough to change the look of the landscape to all white. It underlined their need to hurry. Chaiko and Ushi made a sling from the elk skins for carrying Dawn the rest of the way, but she refused.
“It is not for you,” Chaiko finally said, exasperated with her, “It’s for the baby. Not to risk losing it.”
Dawn swallowed her pride, climbed on and suffered herself to be carried. The men took turns in pairs, Ushi with Hollow-Tree, Chaiko with Chandar, with whom he was better matched for height and stride. Tara carried Yael, whose eyes were wide with surprise. She smiled at him brightly and he soon got used to his new accommodation, noticing no doubt the firmness of her hold on him.
They made better time after that, but by midday Chaiko felt exhausted and his stump was aching from carrying the extra weight. They rested and ate a sparse meal, watching clouds building to the west full of snow. This was turning into a race, Chaiko thought with rising concern. They had to get home. At their present rate it would take them about three, four days more. Did they have that much time left? He felt the threat in the clouds, but what he feared the most was freezing rain that would force them to hole up someplace. Stop thinking like that, don’t call the rain down on you, he warned himself. They discussed the situation, decided to push on, but before nightfall to make smoke signals to draw help from the cave. If that did not work, Chandar was to be sent ahead with the rest following, carrying Dawn, changing off among the three of them. The grim race thus continued on. Chaiko was blaming himself for his mate’s condition and for having delayed their return. Dawn lay quietly in her sling, thinking that if she were quiet she would be easier to carry. She only spoke to her mate to stop him from worrying.
Throughout the day the bank of clouds neared. Here and there on the horizon, shreds of clouds hung down from the sky, shedding snow. Luckily they were only isolated patches rather than a general storm with a broad front. The sky was quickly darkening as the leading edge of clouds drew over them. The wind freshened and soon turned cutting cold, carrying an occasional sting of freezing raindrops lashing at them. They tried to increase the pace, but each step became more slippery in a mix of the thin snow on the ground. Grim-faced the men carried on, needing to change more frequently now. Chaiko was surprised how heavy Dawn had become, strange for she was such a slip of a girl, even in her pregnancy.
With each step the landscape became more familiar, but also reminded those who knew it how slow their progress really was, reduced to a crawl at times. Up some slope, then down the other side. They avoided the valleys of the bottom land, where the footing was slippery with mud and water runs crisscrossed frequently. Chaiko tried to smile encouragingly, but felt that they all saw through him to his growing desperation. Wait, he told himself, things were not as bad as all that, get hold of your imagination.
Near evening they found a campsite in the shelter of some rocks near the brow of a hill. They made a signal fire but the wind tore apart the smoke and the encroaching darkness swallowed the rest. They spent a restless night huddled in their furs, listening to the wind whistling overhead. Next morning the outlook was no better, in fact it quickly worsened; the wind rose early, and continued on with more storm cells disgorging themselves all around. Chaiko found an eagle in the sky struggling against the wind. He commanded it and it promptly flew off in the right direction, to the south, southeast. He took heart at that. Spirit-power, work for me, he entreated.
They set off, but the elk-hide sling caught the wind coming sideways at it and made their progress all the more difficult. They had to change off more frequently now, as everyone was tired from the days before. From her sling Dawn tried to encourage them on with soft words. By midday they were all exhausted, their strength expended fighting against the wind. Gloomily they looked at each other.
“Ushi, after the meal you find us a good campsite to wait it out while Chandar goes for help,” Chaiko decided. “We need shelter from the wind and a place to make a signal fire. A southern slope would be fine.” He flashed a tight, wan smile at them that was meant to be encouraging.
“Bring back some bison roast,” Ushi said to the young man.
“And some honey cakes.” Dawn placed her order. At this absurdity they laughed, for once free of the effort. It was a solemn meal after that. Ushi left to find them a better spot. He soon returned and they struggled to the new location. Then from a hilltop, Chaiko showed the lay of the land to Chandar, who knew it fairly well but was still uncertain about some of the details. Tara went with him as she refused to be parted from him. They left just as the first flakes of snow started falling. Soon a swirl of whiteness enveloped them on the far slope.
Ushi had the fire going, but it was difficult to keep the warmth around them as the wind blew away the least comfort even in their sheltered hollow. They huddled near the rocks protecting them, but the backwash of the wind still reached down to them. It was not long before they were shivering and numb with cold. Dawn and Fire-Dancer lay closely nestled with the boys between them. On the outside their mates desperately sought to share body heat.
Ushi kept guard, straining into the whiteness, willing the rescue to come. In a swirl of white over the gray, he thought at times he saw figures struggling toward them. Wishful thinking, he told himself; Chandar and Tara had just left. Still his imagination painted convincing glimpses of people approaching through the blow. “Chaiko,” he finally called, “Change me off, because I am beginning to see things.”
“That’s not so unusual in mist or in snow like this,” the shaman called, joining Ushi to peer anxiously into the swirl of snow. Soon, however, Ushi had him convinced, too, that there were shapes coming at them. “It can’t be Chandar and Tara yet. They just left…” Chaiko shook his head, disbelieving his imagination, until a figment of it emerged from the whiteness and he saw Baer in front of him.
“B…brother!” Chaiko stammered, struggling to his feet. “Then you must have received the message I sent with the eagle!”
“What eagle? We saw no eagle,” his brother replied. “We have been keeping a watch for you for the past two moons. Ruba thought he saw smoke to the north so we came to see if it could be you. Where have you been?” And the two brothers embraced, Baer shaking his younger brother vehemently, half in joy, half in anger for putting them all at such risk.
“Well here we are as you see us. This early snow storm caught us by surprise.” Chaiko felt a need to justify their situation. He saw Chandar and Tara approaching and was glad that they were all together again.
“It’s time to go, now! We will talk later,” Baer said and issued orders to the men with him. Chaiko recognized Kray covered in furs against the cold. Dawn was placed in the litter with Yael and Wild-of-Wind, furs packed tightly about them. Kray and Stow swung the poles onto their shoulders and leaned into the driving wind, following Cosh to the fore. The rest grabbed whatever packs they found and the procession was once again struggling through the falling snow.
Chaiko could not see where he was going; the wind, pushing from his right side, flowed around his head whipping snow and ice into his eyes, nearly blinding him. He kept after the shadow that was Crow; he could not see beyond. A short time later the carriers changed and they pressed on, clutching furs and skins tightly about themselves, struggling to retain body heat.
Gradually the wind eased somewhat and it became easier to make progress through the snow. In places there were chest-high drifts as they followed Tusk breaking a path for them. Eventually, the fat snowflakes were drifting on their own, free of the wind and an eerie silence settled over the land. The sky cleared partially, allowing a segment of starlit sky to break through. Then the moon sailed into this open bay among the clouds, flooding the landscape with its light. It would have been a beautiful sight to enjoy, if they were not so tired. They still had a good way to go to reach the cave, but Baer decided to push on as long as he could, given the threat of weather that could close them down again. The litter bearers changed again while Hollow-Tree grabbed Fire-Dancer and carried her on his back. Tusk and Cosh were breaking trail for them, searching out the easiest way.
Chaiko’s right foot was soaked but he could barely feel it, it was so numb from the cold. His left kept slipping under him and more and more frequently he stumbled but Baer reached out to steady him. They were deep into the Green-Valley, passing through some trees. Time and again a clump of snow would fall from the branches, hitting some unlucky soul. Then they were at the river, looking for a place to cross. Cosh and Bear conferred; it was out of the question to get wet in this cold; they would have to cross at some halfway dry place. Cosh led them to a fallen tree that extended a good way over the river, its branches jammed against the bottom, holding it against the pressure of the current. There was still a gap from the tree to the far shore. Tusk dragged over a trunk of a young tree which he and Cosh placed into the gap. Everyone dropped their burdens and looked about for any piece of wood that could be used to build a bridge across. A stick at a time, a branch at a time, the way was strengthened. Another tree was found and dragged over. Cosh crossed first, the construction swaying under his weight. He found some saplings on the far shore and added them to the bridge. Tusk crossed next, the bridge holding even under his weight. More sticks were added and more bushwork. The litter went next, with Crow and Stow bending under its weight and Kray steadying it from the side. Part ways they teetered dangerously, but recovered themselves and made it safely across. Then one by one the rest traversed the river. Chaiko had the hardest time as his wooden leg could not feel his way and tended to get stuck in gaps of the wood bridge. But then he too was over, and the rest safe as well. They pushed on. The cave hill was now within sight, cheering them. Chaiko stumbled and fell, raised himself with an effort and limping, pushed on. He fell again and had difficulty getting up, but struggled to his feet again. He took two steps but could proceed no more. He sank down into the snow, exhausted and defeated. Strong hands grabbed him and Tusk carried him as if he were a mere child.
Chaiko was totally depleted. He did not feel the rest of the way nor did he hear the happy commotion of the people meeting them at the foot of the hill and helping them up and into the cave. He was not conscious of the fact that they stuck him into his covers and someone rubbed feelings back into his right leg; he was already sleeping heavily.

Chaiko next opened his eyes to a feeling of unreality. Above, the familiar vault of the cave stretched over him and an abundance of light flooded in from the outside. There were murmurs of people talking in subdued voices. Still he struggled with the fog in his brain. He was safe; he was where he should be, then why did the feeling of unreality persist? Dawn’s face leaned into his vision, her face smiling, her mouth moving. He had to concentrate hard on her lips to hear, “We are home, dear. Home at last.” He smiled tiredly. Yes, home, and he fell asleep again.

Chapter 19
Throughout the day, Chaiko surfaced repeatedly into a brief awareness but slipped back into sleep. Each time he took some information with him which his dreams reflected. On the first occasion he learned that everyone in the cave was all right and he subsequently rejoiced in his dream, freed of the nightmare that in his absence, someone had been hurt or even killed, something his presence could have somehow prevented.
He learned that Ela was pregnant. But this information was quickly confused first with Dawn’s pregnancy and then even with Tanya’s. It seemed then that all the women of the clan were pregnant and he would have to search for names for all the new babies expected. However, even in the depth of his dreams, it seemed unreal that Calla in her old age would or could still have a baby.
He was told that over the summer Ruba had grown into a young man, that he had turned serious and determined, and at ten and a half, was learning to be a hunter. Chaiko then worried about the boy’s spiritual education. He needed to teach Ruba proper respect for the animals and game that were part of all hunters’ lore.
Once Chaiko awoke to find Crow and Lana sitting beside him, keeping vigil while he slept. They tried to talk but all too quickly Chaiko again drifted off. Then in his dreams, he was cast back to a time when Lana and Ido had been kidnapped by the Tolmecs and Crow went to rescue them. Chaiko was trying to tell them desperately some vital information about the Tolmecs that the rescuers could use. The information was hopelessly confused but this only sharpened his need to tell it.
For a day and a half Chaiko slept, drifting in and out of consciousness. Each time he stirred, Dawn was beside him, worried over his exhaustion. When he finally sat up, she gave him one of Emma’s hot herbal concoctions in a bowl. This certainly livened him up and he soon had to relieve himself. Dawn hurried to help put his leg on; he rose stiffly and stumbled about a few steps. All around people were watching him, an odd mixture of concern and curiosity on their faces. Of course they had heard about the details of all their adventures. Now as they looked at him they tried to visualize him feeding the giant cave bear out of his hand, or when he trapped the Tolmecs in the quicksand. They puzzled over the dread disease they heard described, that had passed them by over the years. By contrast the summer had been dull, as if their shaman had taken all the excitement with him on his travels. Chaiko made his way into the bushes and back, aware of the looks that followed him.
Chaiko ate, chewing slowly, his jaws unaccountably tired. Baer came to sit opposite him. Smiling, the two brothers examined each other carefully. They both looked the same, yet somehow different, in subtle ways. For most of the summer they had to act without the other and it now showed in their appraisal. Chaiko was somehow more complete; he had seen a larger part of the world and had made peace with it. His thoughts now included other people not just the clan. Certainly he had grown on account of it. In his turn, Baer had missed his younger brother’s advice on the day to day decisions of the clan’s living. It had been a revelation to him how much he had become dependent on this contribution. Neither Cosh nor Tusk could help him in the same manner. Mixed into the joy and relief of having Chaiko back was a slight flavor of resentment, as if what Chaiko had gained had been taken from him. Baer shook this aftertaste off and concentrated on being glad to have his brother back. But for the first time in his life he was aware that his brother had outgrown him and they both knew it; as they looked now at each other it was painfully obvious. Chaiko suddenly felt lonely for not having anyone in front of him. His brother had always succored him, now it was his turn to repay that. Chaiko looked away, his eyes full of the pain of this realization, a milestone, as when a child realizes for the first time that he has surpassed his parents.
After that moment of recognition, when it was difficult to find the thread of conversation again, both of them hid in the mundane. Baer stated that there was little new to report. Then he confirmed that Ela was indeed pregnant. And as happy as she and Gill were, Rea was unhappy. Tanya was fine. Lana and Crow were just the same, lost in each other. Csama had grown. Cora had learned to talk clan language fluently. She and Lana would sing often, filling the cave with the sound of their voices blending, enriching each other’s. Cora and Ruba were spending time together, and Ruba had changed for the better. Sadly, Kor had grown older, his memory hazier and he was less aware of his surroundings. Calla had lost her self-assurance, now that they did not have his craftsmanship to give them a secure status. Kray and Stow were as usual, as were their families. Only Nebu had become quieter. On the other hand, Makar had become more and more extravagant in his display of affection and love for Ido. The girl had ceased to try to curb his expressions and in fact had grown to enjoy his attentions—for who else could display it so well? The shy girl had slowly shed her reticence.
Then Baer mentioned that runners had come from the east to announce a great convocation next year, a Gathering of all the clans hosted by the Black-Oyster Clan. Chaiko’s heart jumped. Not too long ago the trip would have been beyond him, the mountains and the hills impassable obstacles. But with his wooden leg and the extensive traveling that was already behind him, this hindrance had suddenly vanished, and Chaiko had only to shake off its residue to be free of it.
“We must send a runner to all the clans, telling them about the cure for the Ghost-Fire,” Chaiko declared.
“Ghost-Fire?” Baer puzzled. Of course he had not heard of it, Chaiko realized, then was chilled by the memory of the agonies the Ekulan had suffered. And they had nearly lost Tara and Yael.
“Brother, we have been lucky not to have been visited by it because we are so isolated, but other clans have not been so lucky. Ask Ushi,” he directed. “One in nine died. So in the Standing-Rock clan, we would have lost three or four every time, if this illness had come upon us.” Both brothers shuddered at this arithmetic.
As Chaiko’s head was still somewhat fuzzy, he gave a disjointed account of their experiences with the People-of-the-Elk.
“Ekulan?” Baer tried the strange sound on his tongue, then asked how elk meat tasted.
Of all the questions to ask, he asks me this? Chaiko raised an eyebrow but replied, “Pretty much the same as here, a little gamier perhaps for they eat much lichen on their northern trek.”
Meanwhile the others who had returned were besieged by the curious. Ushi had a circle of listeners around him. Makar hung onto his every word and the trader embellished a little for his benefit. Let the poet make a poem of that. Stow plied Chandar with questions and Tara was busy with Cora. The girl had grown independent during her sister’s long absence, so she seemed somewhat uneasy with Tara’s attentions. “Where has she learned to smile so much?” Cora asked herself.
Dawn presented Fire-Dancer to Tanya and Ile. Tanya was quick to notice the mannerisms the sisters shared, the same graceful gestures and the same aura of calm. Fire-Dancer was caressing her own cheeks with a soft bison fur, enjoying its softness, her eyes sparkling with delight. The sisters giggled, and Tanya and Ile exchanged quick looks at this, seeing how much younger Dawn appeared. Indeed her face was smoother and more ready to smile, but her body had grown. In fact, Dawn was feeling very big and ungainly. It seemed that overnight her body had turned into a big stomach, forcing her to waddle about, rolling her weight from one foot to the other. It seemed inconceivable that she could have walked all the way to the Big-Muddy and back.
Hollow-Tree kept close to Ushi and Chandar with whom he could at least communicate. Like his mate he looked about with wide eyes, wondering at all the strangeness surrounding him. These people were much too loud, cut into each other’s words and laughed a little too often. It seemed that politeness counted for little. It did not seem possible that the Ekulan could learn anything from these people. Then he discovered the paintings of the bison in the back of the cave. For hours he would sit staring at the stone facade. The few lines on that wall seemed more real than the occasional bison that had wandered into the Valley-of-the-Elk. How was that possible? He was saddened to hear that the artist had died the previous winter. He would have liked to ask him a few questions about his work.
Crow finally found Chaiko alone and claimed his attention. The two childhood friends looked each other over, keenly aware that half a summer had passed without seeing one another, strange for two friends who had been inseparable through most of their lives. They had missed each other, had a lot to say, perhaps too much and were now having difficulty starting it, because both had changed so much. Crow’s restlessness was gone. His eyes were steady and deliberate.
“Now, now Blacky,” Chaiko teased him lightly, seeking to reawaken the child in his friend. “Have we grown fat and complacent now that we are so well-mated? Have we forgotten how to talk?”
“Not on your life,” Crow shot back, but then his smile faded. “You were gone a long time.”
“Yes, it was a long time,” Chaiko admitted. “But there is a large world out there, beyond the mountains. With so much new hidden, waiting to be discovered. I would like to see it all...”
“You were always so full of looking for things and learning. But remember, curiosity got the fish onto a hook. You have too much curiosity for just one man.”
“Enough at least for two,” Chaiko smiled, wondering if Crow was admonishing him. “How is Lana?” he asked, somewhat constrained. The instant brightening on his friend’s face reassured him. He loved them both and it was dear to his heart to have them both happy and content. She had been the first to greet him on his return, in spite of his tiredness. “She is not pregnant yet?”
“No, but not because of a lack of trying,” Crow replied, an open, boyish expression on his face.
“It will happen in its own good time,” Chaiko said.
“Tell that to Emma,” Crow rejoined. “She is constantly asking Lana if she is pregnant yet. In fact, instead of a greeting, Lana now just shakes her head at her, no, not yet.”
“Well you know mothers.” Chaiko shrugged his shoulders. “It has been a long time since Emma held a baby in her arms.”
“Dawn is...” Crow wanted to be tactful, “is well rounded,” he finally suggested.
“Yes, she is due soon. It is hard to believe that she walked all the way there and back, isn’t it?” Then his face darkened. “But it was dangerous to be caught by the storm like that. We nearly did not make it. If it weren’t for Baer and you all watching for signs of us and coming to investigate as you did, I don’t know if we would have survived.”
“We were watching and worrying for the past moon and a half,” Crow said flatly; to him it was self-evident. “I think you forget sometimes how important you have become to us. You are our shaman and we would be lost without you.” Crow’s face shone with a strange intensity rare to him, a reaction reserved for two people in his life: Lana and Chaiko.
The two friends then sat in silence, just like in the old days, not needing talk, just sharing the reassurance of being close. Dawn waddled back to the fire bringing Fire-Dancer and Tanya with her. Settling down heavily, she and Tanya taught Fire-Dancer some clan words. “Fire, stone, water...” Chaiko, listening to them, felt cast back in time to when he was trying to teach Dawn these same words. A sweet, mellow longing filled him, but for what? They had been alone, just the two of them, with no other cares to distract them. That focus was lost when they rejoined the clan, or rather, when the clan joined them. He looked proudly around the cave which he and Dawn had found, and Dawn had made into a home for them all.
Chaiko eased into the routines of the day in the cave. It was good not to have to make an effort even about the smallest thing, not to have to search for the right words to say. It had been hard for him to communicate among the Tolmecs and then among the Ekulan, relying on imprecise words. To the shaman, talking was a most important tool of his calling. At home, at least, he could take the language for granted. He looked about at the activity surrounding him and felt reassured. Things had stayed pretty much the same.
Ela was making her way across the cave, stopping often, as if reminded by a tinge of feelings that she was pregnant. At just two or three moons along, she barely showed her condition but all the same, she would pause in mid motion and tenderly caress her abdomen. Thus she called attention to herself, to which the women around her usually responded by giving it. Emma, in particular, fussed over her, just what Ela needed.
“I will make you a hot drink from some flower seeds. That will ease the morning feeling of queasiness,” Emma said every day as if for the first time.
Ela drank the offered concoction and commented with pretended naiveté, “I don’t know what I would do without my morning drink.”
Tanya worried about not knowing when the girl had become pregnant. No amount of prompting or backtracking could pinpoint the time as Ela paid no attention to such things. “Surely you can remember when you lay with Gill about that time,” the headwoman prompted the girl.
“Sure, every day. Sometimes twice a day. Gill is so full of vitality, you know, that it is hard for me to escape from the furs some days,” Ela replied, with affected simplicity. Tanya and Ile exchanged knowing looks. Yes, their exploits had been noticed, though over time, people had ceased to take heed.
To Chaiko this all had the familiar feel and flavor of being home. He smiled at how predictable people were, playing out their roles, likes and dislikes and affectations. Then he wondered how much he acted out some selected role, just like them. Certainly as shaman, he often playacted. But in his private life? He needed to ask Dawn.
That afternoon, Tara caused quite a stir among the people when she went to the practice field and unslung her Falcon. She took some shots and hit the target more often than not. Everyone came to watch, surreptitiously of course. A woman using a weapon? Who had allowed that? People looked at each other in shock; this had never been done before. Sometimes a digging stick looked more like a spear, but a Falcon was uncompromisingly a weapon and Tara was using it! Talon after talon hissed through the air, hitting the brushwork target at a respectable distance. Chandar strode casually to his mate and handed her talons to shoot, giving notice that he supported his mate in this. The glances slid over them, avoiding contact: careful, do not notice, perhaps then the whole thing will go away. It never happened. But the whistling of talons through the air belied that.
Chaiko swore under his breath. Here he had been congratulating himself on how predictable people were! He should have been able to foresee this reaction. He got to his feet and ambled over to the practice field. Tara threw him a defiant look and snapped off a shot that missed.
“Make the motion one smooth gesture,” the shaman said unnecessarily, not to instruct her, but to let the onlookers know that Tara had his sanction. Let them deal with that piece of news. With Tara, he too had unsheathed a very different weapon. Change must come. He had seen the need among the Tolmecs and the Ekulan. Yet the Standing-Rock Clan must change too. He beamed at her, giving her his full approval. Then feigning unconcern, he went back to his fire and settled down, ignoring the obvious stir this had caused. “The words have gone out of my mouth, the intent of my heart has been revealed, and I shall not take them back,” he said to himself, shoring up his own resolve. Women must have the right to defend themselves, and defend themselves well. For a time no one even came near him.
It was late afternoon when Lana approached and settled opposite him, Cora tagging along behind her. “This is my little sister,” Lana said as if making an introduction. Chaiko smiled tenderly at both. He well remembered when he was just a cripple, and Lana a little girl, that she was one of the few to treat him as a real person.
But there was a hint of accusation in her next words. “You have been gone a long time. A long time for people to be without their shaman.” Was she advocating on behalf of all? Chaiko looked at her closely. Was this an official reprimand?
“A shaman must know more of the world. And this world is bigger than I was ever taught. Shall I then teach my ignorance? I do that too much already.” There was real longing and real pain in Chaiko’s voice.
“Then you should have taken Crow and me with you,” Lana reacted, frowning intensely.
“I did the next best thing,” he said, “and brought a piece of the world to you.”
“How? Where?”
“One sits beside you. Ask her about the world of the Tolmecs.” He waited a moment. “Then I brought you Fire-Dancer to tell you about the Ekulan and the elk they follow.”
Seeing that Lana was still frowning Chaiko knew he had not been forgiven yet but at least she was considering his suggestion. Cora, who had been silently witnessing the exchange, now spoke. “Tara says I should respect you for you are a good shaman.” She wriggled her nose at this proposition. “Ido says I should respect you for you are so wise. Lana says because you are a good, good man. Which one are you anyway?” Her use of clan language was surprisingly smooth, though it had the clipped quality she and Tara shared.
“You should respect me, for respect grows out of respect.” That sounded pompous even to his ears, so he smiled. “We should all respect one another. I should respect you as a child and allow you to be a child. You should respect me as a shaman and expect wisdom and care from me, and so shall you have it.” He watched intently to see if his message got through the barrier of languages. “Some would say that you should respect me more, because I am a shaman and you are just the child. But no, the exact opposite is true. As a shaman I should respect you first for how else can I teach you to respect me?”
Cora blinked at so much talk of respect, but said, “Respect is doing things with the heart, not just with the mouth.”
This time it was the shaman’s turn to blink, especially since the Tolmecs were more concerned with appearances than feelings inside. Indeed, a shaman should be ready to learn even from a child, Chaiko told himself.
Thinking about the encounter afterwards, he realized that ever so subtly, Lana had shut him out. In the past every nuance of her personality had been open to him, but on this occasion a part of her remained hidden and protected. Why? Because of his long absence? No. No. The girl had grown into a woman, with new allegiances, a more complex interplay of feelings and needs. Chaiko remembered well how much Dawn had changed after Yael was born, for her loyalties had to be divided to meet the needs of those that looked to her. The child matures, he thought sadly of that time, but does not the relationship become richer, surely more rewarding? The mistake would be in thinking that things do not change and acting patronizingly as if it were still yesterday.
That evening at the council fire there was a tense undercurrent to the proceedings. Chaiko looked to Baer who seemed the most disaffected and suspecting its cause, said outright, “Tara has a right to use weapons. All women have that right and we men can’t take it from them.” His voice was an open invitation to challenge, but the tone left no doubt how strongly he felt about this. The others exchanged quick looks.
“You are shaman, and it is your right to...” Tusk struggled with the words, searching, “to keep us on a right path. But why this? Women are not allowed to hunt. Women are not allowed weapons. Thus it was in my fathers’ father’s time. Why must we change our ways now?”
Chaiko answered, “There was a time when I was alone far on the other side of the plain with no one to help me. And I did all those things necessary to survive. Though I was not a hunter, I hunted. I cooked and I did all other woman things as needed.” He looked at each one. “Dawn was lost too. To survive she had to do men things. To hunt as best as she could. She was perhaps not good at it for she had not been taught.” Again he checked the ring of faces, still hard and unyielding. “Suppose that while picking berries a woman is surprised by wolves or a lynx. What would you have her do? Bearing in mind that she could be your mother, sister, mate or daughter. Would you not have her defend herself? Would you not rather teach her to protect herself better? I would!” He looked from one to the other, and said with ferocious intensity, “And I will!”
“We will be the laughing stock of the clans!” Was it really Cosh who was worried about being laughed at? He had so few feelings, otherwise.
“Then we shall learn to let the laughter pass, pearl off like a raindrop that has grow too heavy with moisture,” Chaiko retorted, giving not an inch.
Baer fidgeted. “Perhaps it is not what you try to teach us, but how you go about it that bothers me.” His face screwed up into a grimace. He did not like to disagree with his brother and it was not good for the rest to see the leadership bickering. “We are a slow people, more than likely slow to change. We cannot be simply rushed into things. For generations back, longer than memory, we have been teaching that women are not allowed to hunt and carry weapons. In some ceremonies it is forbidden for them even to touch a weapon.” They all nodded, even Chaiko, so it had been. “So how can you expect us to change, just like that, the habits of a lifetime? To change our minds between sunrise and sunset?” Again there was much shaking of heads. “Perhaps it would have been quicker in this case to have gone slower but get there faster.”
“No doubt you are right, but sometimes, to do an unusual thing, one has to force even oneself. It was not easy for me to act against my upbringing and prejudices. I had to use anger to commit myself to a new track. This timing was not of my choosing, for I gave Tara the weapon in the land of Ekulan. But you are right that I should have better anticipated this reaction and prepared you and the rest for the change we must make.”
After that quick exchange, there was little left to say. Chaiko had insisted and closed off all objections. As a result they must change, Baer sighed; the question was how exactly and at what pace?
After Chaiko returned from council, Dawn noted the determined set of his jaw. She quickly glanced over at Baer and saw the same cast to his face. What caused it? She hurried to her mate. “Was it this Tara thing?” she thought. She and Tanya exchanged quick glances across the cave.
“I saw you talking to Lana earlier. She has grown into a beautiful young woman, no?” Dawn asked, trying to distract him, knowing full well how fond he was of Lana.
“Yes, she looks wonderful. And no, the world will not collapse overnight because one woman was given a weapon,” he replied flatly, answering the question she had not asked.
“Do you think it wise...?” she was about to ask but then she gulped it back down. “It will take time for people to change,” she said instead.
“Yes, time changes all things...” he said absently, not willing to discuss it further. Dawn left, glad enough that he was not more upset. The women had discussed the event and already come to a few conclusions. Giving women weapons just did not seem right to them either. None of them felt comfortable with it. It seemed natural that men fought, shed blood and killed things, but women? Why should they follow the men? No, by and large, they all declined the privilege. Chaiko was wrong to wish it on them.
Tanya, who was listening and playing with her son Csama, asked quietly, “If someone or something was to take your son or snatch away your daughter, would you let it? Or would you not look around for a weapon to defend your child? I would!” There was no contending that. A woman might not fight but a mother would, in an instant, on that they all agreed. There was therefore no choice at all to consider. If the men were willing to give their women weapons to defend themselves and their families, the women would accept them. Then it occurred to Dawn how wise Chaiko’s choice of Tara was to demonstrate the capabilities of women. She embodied grace, power and focus through discipline. Yes, every woman wanted that for herself, and every man would have to admire the combination.
The controversy, however, was spreading through the cave and was on everyone’s lips.
Rea was dead set against it. “What?! Give women weapons? Should not be allowed! Next, they will be wanting to hunt!”
Gill was considerably calmer about it; “Oh I don’t know, it makes a certain sense. Why shouldn’t women learn to defend themselves?” His mother had been a straightforward woman, who did what was needed. At one time she beat off a young brown bear that surprised them while gathering mushrooms in the forest and very likely saved the kids with her brave defence. No one called her a hunter on account of that. Everyone had admired her bravery instead.
“Even talking about it is wrong!” Rea continued to harangue. “It gives them wrong ideas about life and makes them lose their place. Women should stick to pleasing their men!” He had to swallow the rest, for it occurred to him that of all the men in the clan, he was the least pleasured or pleased. But it only increased his ire, and the bile started to back up in his stomach at the indignity of it all. Preposterous!
His friend watched him with some sympathy but said little. “Pleasing? Yes some women are better at pleasing than others. Then some are more fierce,” he said, looking pointedly toward Tara. Again Rea had to stop himself, for he had developed a grudging admiration for the warrior-girl and certainly did not want to end up on the wrong side of her. He chewed furiously on a grass stalk, trying to resolve things. But women with weapons stuck in his craw.
Tusk felt the same, but was less adamant about it. If Chaiko thought it correct and Baer would accept it, then he would not contest it. He still thought it was wrong, but on his scale of things, it seemed a minor consideration in comparison with the war the Tolmecs had threatened not too long ago. He remembered as well that behind the men, the clan women had stood ready to defend their families with their digging sticks if that need arose. Well then, if it came to such choices, let them do it well in the future with proper weapons in their hands.
One person who was actually filled with enthusiasm for the idea was Makar. To his way of thinking, hunting had become a dull ritual and killing a messy, gory sport. Women would lend some grace and finesse to the activity. Maybe he could compose a fresh poem to honor Tara, the first huntress of her kind. Nobody had done that before either.
Ela was also strangely excited by the idea of possessing weapons. It had been such a forbidden thing in the past that even an occasional stolen contact with a man’s weapon would give her shivers of delight. But then taboo things always had that effect on her. She did not stop thinking that if weapons were to be henceforth allowed to women, the items would soon lose their delicious taboo value.
Lana’s logic was simpler. If Tara could do it, then Lana certainly would. Crow, who knew of her hidden feistiness, had nothing against the idea. Food remained food, whether a man or a woman killed it. In this connection, he remembered the hunger in the hills and his constant determination never again to allow it. To his way of thinking the enemy was hunger, not women with weapons.
The one person untouched by these concerns was Nebu, the widow of Malek. Since the death of her man she had withdrawn into herself and drifted through her life, keeping herself busy for her two boys Ruba and Ork. If it were not for them, she would have perhaps faded away entirely. When women stood together, talking and deliberating, she would stand with them but have nothing to contribute. Tanya had the impression that Nebu was merely going through the motions of living. The headwoman had tried to inject more life into Nebu and had enlisted Ile to do the same, with little success. The woman remained vacant.
Calla who in times past would argue passionately on either side of an issue, was now resigned to stand aside. This concerned the younger generation. In her mind, Kor and she were too old. Too old to fight, too old to have any vested interest in the outcome. Let the younger people decide the future that was yet before them; Kor and she had little future left. For herself, she would not want weapons anyway.
When Ushi was asked for an opinion he asked merely, “What did Chaiko say?” then without waiting for anyone to answer, he added, “Whatever Chaiko decides is right with me.” There was no arguing with him. “Why do you have a shaman at all if you are not willing to listen to him? Perhaps he would do better in some other clan?” That would shut any opponent up. No, to be without a shaman would be intolerable; his absence this summer had been bad enough.
Ushi grumbled under his breath as he finally sat down across from Chaiko. It had taken all day for him to have his turn with the shaman.
“What are you muttering about?” Chaiko asked him outright. Through sharing in some rather critical exploits, they had become very close, with good insights into each other. They could dispense with any pretense of formality and even politeness. Ushi had placed himself at the service of the shaman and in return enjoyed an easy familiarity that no one else, not even Baer dared presume, aside from Lana and Crow. Ushi was also most likely to hear any explanation of things the shaman was struggling with, as Chaiko often let the other into his confidence. The shaman had once jokingly called Ushi his ToTo, a very useful tool indeed.
But the tool had his own notions on how he would serve, and now he was disaffected and grumbling. “What is it? Spit it out, man!” Chaiko prompted him. “Is it this weapon thing?”
“It will not be soon enough for me to have everybody find something else to talk about,” the trader grumbled.
“I see,” Chaiko said, not seeing at all and growing a little exasperated with the obtuseness of the man. “So you want to make a guessing game of this, or what?”
“Why were you born into such a small clan?” finally burst out of Ushi.
“Is this about me? I would have thought you to be stewing about yourself! Perhaps you are, after all. Well let’s see. Yes it is a small clan, but why too small?” Chaiko screwed up his face in mock concentration thinking about his friend. “Oh, I see.”
“See what?” Ushi muttered in morose defiance.
“There are too few flowers in the field for one who so enjoys many flowers. And the clan is too small to hide in and there are too few shadows in which to conduct secret trysts.”
“Well it is true,” Ushi admitted defensively.
“Yes, but sad for you,” Chaiko mused, “for with whom will you dally now? Who’s around to distract you?” Chaiko felt for his friend. “But it is not the measure of a man how many flowers he gathers, but what he does with the one he settles on.”
“You have to say that,” Ushi said accusingly, “for you are a shaman and it is your responsibility to maintain the moral tone of the clan, is it not? But between just you and me, what can I do?”
There it was, naked as all that. Chaiko thought hard, trying to solve his friend’s dilemma. “I know your mate, far off though she may be, has soured you on the whole idea of finding just one person to live with. Yet I tell you, true happiness is found with one—not in chasing many. One is more than enough of a challenge, believe me.”
Ushi looked at the shaman skeptically, then nodded, “Well and good. Then show me that one!” They both knew of course; there were not any choices left in such a small clan. Chaiko took a twig and drew patterns into the sandy-clay which he sometimes did when trying to make thought connections. In any case, Ushi recognized the mannerism and held off. The shadow of a cloud passed overhead, the momentary coolness immediately noticeable. Today the snow looked thin in the sunlight, not at all menacing as it had been the day it burst upon the returning group.
Finally Chaiko stirred. “I cannot choose for you. That you must do for yourself.” He threw away the stick and wiped out the design in the sand with his hand in a gesture of finality; his eyes bored into Ushi’s. The trader shuddered at that look which he well recognized: something was about to come at him and he stiffened in alarm. “I have a problem too. Not long ago, as you might recall, we lost a boy and he stayed lost for quite a while, and perhaps he would still be lost if the clan did not go to find him and bring him back to reality.” Ushi nodded, hypnotized by the intensity in the shamans’ eyes. But what did this have to do with him?
“You see, I again have a lost soul that I must help back. Perhaps with your help I can. But you will have to truly want to.” Chaiko then looked away, anywhere but at him. What did the shaman want? “This would not be a chase, but would require from you more sensitivity, more endurance and more kindness than any chase would.” Again Chaiko found something to look at on the far horizon, but continued softly. He filled his hand with sand, and flung it a little at a time in front of him.
“What is it you want of me?” Ushi said breathless, still waiting.
“You are an experienced hunter and I have shown you the tracks. You find the rest,” Chaiko said almost harshly. Both men lapsed into silence. Chaiko waited, searching for weather signs in the sky, but found no more snow there. In fact, the snow on the ground would not stay for long at this rate. But it had been an early storm. He again shuddered at how narrowly they had escaped. He must thank Baer again for his timely rescue. He looked at Ushi, who was still chewing on his lips, tracking thoughts no doubt. Abruptly Ushi looked up at him, a shocked expression on his face. “You mean ...?”
But Chaiko held up his hands. “Perhaps I have said too much already.” Why should he wrestle with the man? Let Ushi wrestle with himself for a while. Ushi’s eyes then searched the cave and found Nebu tending her fire. In slow deliberation she bent and added twig after twig. Absently she flicked a strand of hair out of her face. Pretty shine to her hair, Ushi noted. As if in a daze, the woman walked off, paused, then walked another way. Ushi turned to Chaiko but the shaman’s face was shut already. Soon after that the trader left as he had arrived, muttering under his breath. This time perhaps he had more reason to.

Next morning, the question of women and weapons was again being debated around the fires. The night had not moderated viewpoints much. Those who were inclined to be lenient remained so and those opposed stayed adamant in their objections.
In council Baer announced that he wanted “to turn and face the bison”—a clan allusion to confronting a difficult decision. The rest were forewarned by this dire proclamation; they expected a longwinded affair, and they got it. Baer went painstakingly through all the reasoning, leaving none out, and finally brought the thread of his arguments to conclusion. Point by point they had to agree with him, that it was not only beneficial to give women weapons but overnight it had somehow become a necessity. If so, they must make it official, to put an end to all the bickering. To this end he proposed to have a ceremony to mark the occasion. However he wanted all of them to return to their hearths, to prepare the people and to emphasize the set of points he repeated for them, so that nothing new would have to be thrown at the cave. There was little discussion after that. They all agreed that Baer had said it all and dispersed.
Chaiko looked at his brother in admiration. Superbly handled. Baer had met the controversy head on and “turned the bison;” that is, he took charge, delineating the line they would follow then instructing them how they should do it. Yes, Baer was, as he had always been, an excellent leader, sensing when leadership was needed and not failing to act.
Thus it was that in the early afternoon a general meeting was held with everybody already knowing what would be said. They were not surprised. Baer presented the official position, this time putting in a few dramatic gestures, a few reflective pauses, and not a few questions to involve the listeners, at least to give them the illusion of having participated in a grand decision. Baer was at his vintage best, convincing quite a few outright, and moderating the few recalcitrants left. He thus had reason to be pleased when he turned the meeting over to Chaiko, who was to bestow some spiritual significance onto the event.
Chaiko stood in the center of a circle of expectant faces, all looking at him, more curious than reverent. Chaiko stood there quietly, attired in his feather cape, allowing the silence to build to the point where the people were beginning to squirm about nervously. What was the shaman up to? Get on with it! Just about when it was all about to unravel, Chaiko shook Samar’s turtle-shell rattle, the dry sound unexpectedly loud in the tenseness of the prevailing mood. He started moving around in the circle of people, striding at their line and seemingly rebounding from it, to head the other way. Indeed, what was Chaiko up to? Baer asked, somewhat irate. He had suggested some simple ritual, not a whole production. This could very well spoil the effect he had so carefully built. But Chaiko had his own reasons. As he had told Ushi, he wanted to bleed from the controversy the last vestige of resistance and put a cap on it. If people were going to remember this then they had better remember it because of something other than their reservations. He then moved quickly, and as instructed, Ushi began a matching drumbeat that pulsed faster and faster, forcing Chaiko to keep pace. For a one-legged man, Chaiko moved about swiftly, sometimes his cape wide open as if he were a bird. Suddenly he shocked everyone with the piercing cry of an eagle. Then the eagle flew around and around in the circle of people, uttering an occasional battle cry. The drumbeat became even more demanding, bringing the blood pounding to the ears in response. The eagle flew in an ever tightening circle to the middle where it landed. The drum instantly ceased, leaving all poised uncomfortably in the silence again, off guard.
“Tara,” the eagle called loudly. The warrior-girl rose and with a gesture was invited into the circle. She stood a few steps in front of the shaman. The eagle held out a hand and on cue, Ushi threw him a spear, which the shaman adroitly caught.
“Today it has been decided that a weapon has become worthy of a woman. Take it then. Use it wisely. Use it with skill.” And he handed the weapon over to the warrior-girl. The drum started to beat loudly again, the sound reverberating in the cave, filling everyone.
Chaiko motioned and the drum instantly died. Yes, even the drum listened and obeyed Chaiko, Ushi commented wryly to himself. “That you should know that a woman can use a weapon and use it well, witness this. Chandar!”
Chandar jumped into the circle and faced the shaman. Ushi threw another spear to Chaiko who then handed it to Chandar and commanded him, “Test her!” Chaiko then withdrew, leaving the two in the center.
Chandar and Tara began to circle at the very edge of the people, who hastily scrambled a few steps back to give them more room. As Chaiko shook the dry rattle, the drum began at a slow stately pace. The couple reversed moving in time with the beat. The drum became more insistent as the rattle commanded it more and more. The circle started to tighten as the two neared each other. The spears began to spin, twirled between nimble fingers. Chandar hissed and they both instantly switched hands, and as if by magic, the spear ended up in the other hand still spinning. As they faced each other the two were still circling near the center. The rattle shook imperiously; Chandar’s stick leaped into full extension and he took a two-handed swing at Tara. A vicious thrust; someone screamed in alarm, but Tara deflected it. Chandar spun and assailed her from the other side. Again Tara blocked it easily. The drum faded into the background as a new rhythm of stick meeting stick took command. Chandar rained blows at her, coming from all directions, but Tara stood her ground blocking each blow handily. The movements were graceful, almost like a dance. Then the pace increased even more. The rain turned into a hail storm, sharp and rapid. The people looked in openmouthed amazement at this exhibition of skill and control. The sticks were now just blurs.
“Unleash the tigress!” Chaiko yelled into the fray. Immediately the combatants backed away from each other, got set and advanced more cautiously. The intensity was heart stopping. Were they going to fight for real this time? Were they going to kill each other? There was suddenly no air left in the cave.
Chandar advanced carefully. He tried a jab with the butt end, but she parried his thrust and then for the first time, she struck back. The sticks met in an ugly sound that bespoke of much power. Then it was just the sticks talking. In quick flurries, no rhythm to it, just opportunity ventured and dared. The least bit of opening was tested in a quick repartee, and back and forth it went. It did not take the spectators long to notice the impossible, that it was Chandar the man who was on the defensive, the initiative with the warrior-girl. Time and time again she advanced and her stick flashed past his to leave an ugly mark on his shoulder or forearm. It was not that he was bad, for he was quite skilled, but she was better. There were streaks of perspiration on his face, on hers, a look of intense concentration. Twice now he was forced to his knees to twist away from a vicious blow. She was on him in a flash, her eyes aglow, her nostrils breathing the lust for the fight.
“Easy!” Chaiko warned and she held back an impossible descending blow, passing a finger width from his head. There was no mistaking the ferocity of the woman. There was no mercy in her. In the bloodlust of the fight, she could have easily killed him.
“Jump!” Chaiko commanded and both somersaulted away then towards each other, exchanging a flurry of blows. The drums spoke again bringing the beat down, settling the combatants. Then it was all over and the two stood facing one other, breathing heavily, the sound of it loud in the silence. Then someone cheered, and someone clapped and suddenly they all felt finally released from the unbearable tension.
“Did you see that?”
“Was it not beautiful?”
“Beautiful? They nearly killed each other!”
“I think, he would have lost to her...”
Stow handed Chandar a water bag and he drank greedily, the water spilling from the corners of his mouth. He finally stopped, wiped his face then offered the bag to Tara who drank more sedately. Yes, grace and power, just as Chaiko had intended. Anybody who wanted to question women’s right to weapons would find an answer in Tara.
Having caught their breath, Chandar and Tara smiled at each other. It was hard to come back from that sharp edge of focus their combat required. It was exhilarating and dangerous. One misstep or miscalculation would result in serious injury. But such was the trust and respect in each other’s abilities that neither had held back... much.
“Well done,” Chandar praised her. “Well done indeed.”
She smiled back and said in Tolmec, “I believe the smooth faced boy has learned well and deserves... a reward.” Her eyes were still excited, the level of intensity of fighting always had this effect on her. Chandar’s smile widened still. What reward indeed?
Baer was pleased too. He had done his job and Chaiko had done his, hopefully to lay the controversy to rest. Baer and Chaiko smiled at each other, united again, both hearts warmed. Chaiko limped over. He had pulled some small muscle somewhere in his leg during his performance and it was beginning to bother him now.
“I wanted to thank you for coming to rescue us out of the storm. I never got a chance to say it,” Chaiko said, his hand on his brother’s arm.
“Brother, I need you and the clan needs its shaman. We had been watching to the north for over a moon. I was, and we all were growing worried that something had happened to you all.” Then he shook off the brooding thoughts, and smiled. “Instead I find you bringing new people to us. Fire-Dancer is a beautiful woman, and very much a sister to Dawn. They look so much alike—no, not alike. They have the same mannerisms. Hollow-Tree seems like a good man; I wish I could talk with him.”
“I will gladly translate for you. But he will also gladly learn clan. The Ekulan know so little of us and so little of the rest of the world.”
“Yes, that is strange,” Baer muttered. He of course knew only of other clans but he was learning, as new people pushed into his land.
“I wonder what Bogan would say,” Chaiko mused.
“About what?”
“About all this. The Tolmecs, the Ekulan and about women.”
“He would say that we must learn to live,” Baer surmised. “We must learn to live with a world as we find it. And we must adapt to it. The world is too large to adapt to us.”
Yes, Chaiko agreed, that was a good answer for a man of action who had to choose between consequences. But what about a man like himself, who had to look beyond to something he could not see? Was there some all-encompassing truth out there? For if there was, he, Chaiko, the shaman of the Standing-Rock clan, the Master-of-Falcon, would have to find it. The two brothers sat beside each other, an arm on arm, content that the life of the cave had found a new channel and that it flowed on, unhindered. Behind them Dawn and Tanya exchanged satisfied looks. It was always easier on them when the two brothers were of one accord.
That night clouds built in the sky, signaling a change in weather, promising blustery winds with driving rain. The larder was full; there was plenty of firewood; the winter could come now because the clan was ready.

Chapter 20
The next day there was a sudden demand for weapons by the women. Actually, not so much for the weapons themselves but for the status they conferred. They besieged Kray, who, in Chaiko’s absence and due to Kor’s incapacity, had taken over all tool-making tasks. He did not have enough ready weapons to hand so he had to pass out half-finished pieces, promising to complete them as soon as possible.
Ela had been lucky enough to receive a fairly decent piece and she was proud of it. She tried twirling it between her fingers as she had seen Tara do but of course she was not practiced and the thing flew out of her hand, hitting, who else, Rea. This confirmed his worst fears and expectations about the latest craze to sweep the clan. “Women? Weapons? Bah!” he went about the cave muttering.
Everybody else, men and women, were attempting the moves they had seen Tara and Chandar perform, to twirl, slash, thrust and parry with the sticks. Sticks were flying everywhere as people found out just how hard it was to do even some of the simplest tricks. In a very short time, most people gave up, believing such expertise beyond them. Ruba tried to show Cora how, but ended up with Cora showing him.
Chaiko was tired. In the middle of the night, the baby had become active and kicked Dawn awake who in turn woke him with, “Feel the baby moving, it is kicking me.” He obligingly did so but could not match her enthusiasm. Dawn had gone to the women to let them feel the baby moving about.
Tay said, “It wants to come out.” All the woman laughed and praised her wisdom.
Ushi joined Chaiko, pleased with himself, claiming some of the success of yesterday’s performance. They had worked well together. Chaiko in command with the rattle, Tara and Chandar fight-dancing and Ushi with the drums. He even had a kind word for Baer’s long preamble: it certainly made their audience hungrier and more responsive for something else. But he also had a word of warning for Chaiko.
“You’d best watch Tara,” he said a little tentatively.
“Why?”
“I think she would kill for you. So be careful of what you ask of her. She will do it.”
“Maybe so,” Chaiko conceded, rubbing his chin. It was possible. Tara had been brought up on a tradition of strong leadership to whom she owed unquestioning obedience. But she had not found leaders worthy of such loyalty before. It was a disquieting thought.
“Have you thought more on what we talked about? Though it is not my place to ask...” Chaiko backed away from his question. Ushi looked balefully at him. They both knew that Chaiko had every intention of doing just that; ask and not ask at the same time.
“Yes, I thought about it. Aside from weapons, I thought of nothing else. I don’t like it that you have so filled my thoughts.” Indeed, his tone had turned resentful.
“And?”
“And nothing! I thought till my head ached then I thought no more.” He too, was rubbing his chin. “She is a pleasant enough woman, I will give you that. Strong, even graceful. Her voice is gentle and soft.” The look of him became dreamy as he thought of her other assets, but then he shook the vision off. “You really want me to devote myself to one woman?”
“Yes,” came back a firm reply. “No matter how far an eagle flies, it eventually comes back to its nest.”
“That would be with the Omaani, or have you forgotten that I am mated already?”
“No I have not forgotten. But I thought that since you intend to stay with us, and not go back to the Omaani, she is the only available female. Or would you consider it wiser to stay abstinent?”
“Me abstinent?” Ushi was genuinely shocked. He had not thought in those terms before and did not like the sound of it.
“Besides, she would not be a free and easy gift for you. You would have to win her heart first, and before that you would have to reawaken her dreams. It would not be an easy task, I grant you, but well worth the effort.”
Ushi looked searchingly at the shaman. “You are always preaching morality at me; it is not like you to incite me in this manner and I can’t help but wonder why?” The trader did look uneasy.
Chaiko gave him the wide-eyed, you-can-trust-me look. “Maybe I have been a little strict with you in the past, but I warn you this is not an easy task I set for you, for it is not some little dalliance I am suggesting. No, this is a grown woman who knows what love is, and is withering away from the lack of it. I would rather have her blooming again. And I would even have you happy, really happy, not just satisfied for the moment.”
“I do not know. My mate, Amalee, has ruined any possibility of a long relationships with anyone. I have not stopped running since... since I got here. This is just about as long as I have stopped at any place, but I would not want to spoil this with an unpleasant attachment.”
“Nebu is not Amalee. Malek was a good man so it would be hard for you to win her, since she would be measuring you against him. You might fall much too short.”
“You are not exactly convincing me, you know.”
“I do not want to convince you. You will do this if you want to, not because I have suggested it. Nebu deserves the best and you deserve the best. But whether you two can find love and happiness is up to you.” Ushi looked resentfully at the shaman, thinking how he was always “leaving things up to him.” But as always, there were good practical reasons behind his suggestions. Could he really interest Nebu and win her trust? Nonsense, he did not want to be tied to one woman again. Or did he? Had he any other options?
After that, Chaiko wisely avoided the subject. He talked of the Ekulan and what they might be doing, preparing in their winter cave. Maybe they already had heavy snow on the ground. Meanwhile Ushi was not thinking about snow. He was thinking of all his escapades. It had been such a good harvest, the best in his life no doubt. It had helped greatly to appear so exotic. But then, with a shock, he realized that in so short a time the different women, while pleasant enough, were fading into an undistinguishable whole. He was already having difficulty recalling each individual fling. It made one think.
“Do you really believe I could do it?” Ushi asked.
“Do what?” Chaiko asked in his turn; he had been speaking about the Ekulan.
“Win Nebu, of course,” Ushi snapped, frowning at the shaman.
“Well, if you really want to know, no I do not believe it. You are much too fickle to settle on just one woman. Ever since I have known you, all you talk about is how many women you have seduced. For what, I ask you? Do they even remember you?” Chaiko squinted at Ushi; he did not want to lay it on too thick. “You know the one woman you could have talked about in detail you never did. Today is the first time you have mentioned her name to me. Amalee is it not?”
“Yes. But she was... is a harridan. And no distance is far enough from her.”
“Well, Nebu is not. She is gentle and caring and deserves a better life than she now has.” And her sons need a father, but he did not say that aloud. Ushi left thoroughly confused. He saw Chaiko and Dawn and admired their relationship. There were Baer and Tanya, Cosh and Ile, Crow and Lana... in fact everyone except Tusk, Rea and himself. He knew he did not want to end up like Rea.

After Ushi left, Ruba came for his lessons. He was in his Learning-Years, and was taught hunting and tracking by the hunters but he also had to learn with the shaman the spiritual skills deemed necessary. Because of Chaiko’s absence, Ruba had a lot of catching up to do. Though he greatly respected the shaman, more often than not the teaching caused him headaches. He was never quite sure of what he had just learned, but knew that he did, for the shaman always made him feel wiser.
“As a hunter what would you want most, great skill with a weapon or patience?” the shaman asked cocking an eye on his pupil.
Ruba recognized a trick question when he heard one, knowing skill with a weapon would be the obvious choice, so he answered “patience” instead.
“Right you are,” Chaiko praised him. “Skill with a weapon is to be prized, for sure, but it avails nary a man without the patience to use it.”
Then the questions became even harder. “Would you choose happiness or strength?”
“Surely strength, for happiness is fleeting, is it not?”
“I have seen a strong man grow weak in his unhappiness, and a weak man borrow strength from his happiness.”
“Then what is the answer, teacher?”
Chaiko considered the question fairly before replying, “There is a balance to most things, and we need to find the best combinations that work for us. It would be best to be both strong and happy, both skilled and patient, all at the same time, but that is rare. Learn to balance your strengths and weaknesses, so your strength does not run away with you, and your weakness does not hold you back, for you stand on both, and will fall with both if you get out of balance.”
“Teacher, are there not some answers that are correct all the time?” If Ruba could only learn those correct answers, he would not have to study so hard.
“No, most answers are correct one way but wrong in another, depending on the context. Should one help an enemy? In battle, no, for in the heat of fighting you have little choice, but when you have a choice, help him and perhaps make a friend of him.”
“Why is it so hard to see these things? Could you not just give me those things that I need to learn? Instead of me having to guess all the time?”
“If I teach you how to find an answer, then you will find it when you need it. If I simply give it to you, you will not learn to find it, should you forget.” Ruba felt his headache coming on.

The wind which had been fresh throughout the morning suddenly increased in strength, bringing an intermittent rattle of rain. Everyone ran inside the cave for shelter, but the cold breath of the wind followed, and people shivered.
Chaiko was ready. He and Hollow-Tree erected some poles and had Ruba shimmy up to tie them securely together at the top. Dawn and Fire-Dancer dragged a large piece of bison pelt, sewn together, which they stretched over the skeleton of poles. As they tied the pelt to the poles, Chaiko put a ring of rocks to hold down the bottom. This unusual activity soon collected the whole cave, craning their necks curiously at the construction. “What is it?” people wanted to know.
“It is a f...” Tara swallowed the rest realizing it was not her place to step on the shaman’s words.
“Flar,” Chaiko finished for her. “It is a shelter the Ekulan use. Easy to make, easy to take down and move. You lift the flap here to go inside or out. On nice days you can fold back a whole side to let in more light and air,” he explained.
“But how can you breathe in there?”
“Is it not too dark inside and too close?”
“One gets used to being inside and it gets nice and warm in there even on cold days.”
“But you can’t see what anybody else is doing,” Ela said disappointed. She was very conscious of those things.
“Exactly,” Dawn replied, who, even after years of communal living with the clan, still missed her privacy. But she quickly relented. “One stays inside only at night to sleep, and on the coldest days.”
“Can you make fire inside?” Emma wanted to know. She liked the comfort the flar promised because with the cold weather, her joints started to ache more.
“A small fire, yes. But you do not really need one; with the drafts blocked, the inside soon gets cozy with just body heat. Then again, when it really gets cold, you can heat stones and take them inside with you to warm the air.” People nodded, captured by the idea. Chaiko thought how he had exchanged knowledge and skill; he had introduced the Ekulan to Falcon and taken the flar from them. “The Tolmecs also make a kind of flar they call huts, made of poles and grass weave.”
“What do you call this thing again?” Baer asked.
“Flar. F-l-a-r,” Chaiko replied, thinking how long it had been his intention to do this.
“Looks practical to me,” Cosh concluded. “I think I’ll build me one too.”
“Yes, yes.” With winter here, they were all enthusiastic.
Soon, poles were being erected all over. Stow, not a patient man by any means, was cursing before long as the affair kept collapsing about him. Others came to his rescue and with the addition of a stiffener near the top, the flar stood weather tight, though not nearly as neat as Chaiko and Dawn’s.
By nightfall the cave had changed radically. Everywhere these conical structures interrupted one’s view. Suddenly the cave was a different place, much more crowded, as if it had shrunk in some manner. Tanya frowned, not sure if she liked all these changes to her world. She felt cozy enough inside in the soft semidarkness with the blustery wind shut out, but outside, she was not so sure. As a headwoman it was her job to know about everything going on with the clan and now there were new places for people to hide and to keep secrets. But then there should be a place of privacy, she reminded herself sighing.
Chaiko was filled with a sense of satisfaction; he was fully aware how their lives had improved with the introduction of new know-how. It pleased him immensely to see Ushi helping Nebu put together a flar, her sons much excited by the project. Nebu was her distant self; Chaiko wondered if Ushi could melt her reserve or if he would even try. If so, it would solve two problems the shaman had.
In a collaborative effort, people erected a flar for Kor and Calla. She was more than grateful for the comfort the shelter offered as her bones ached so, but she had the greatest difficulty in getting Kor to accept this newfangled thing, and actually go into the dark inside. “It’s a flar, dear,” she said for the hundredth time, “to keep the wind out.”
“Flar? I know of no flar.” Kor was irritable and suspicious of the thing she called flar. She finally managed to coax and cajole him inside but had to keep the flaps open to allow in more light.
Crow and Lana had made a very neat job of their flar. An orderly circle of stones anchored the bottom and the bison pelt lay smooth over the poles. The flaps overlapped well to give a good seal against the weather. The two young people looked proudly at their work and disappeared inside to celebrate their new nest in a very private way.
Ela and Gill were not so circumspect in their efforts. Giggles and loud laughter could be clearly heard and the poles shook with the exuberance of their commemoration. Rea was left outside grumbling about foreign influences. He ruminated darkly over his many woes.
That night there was a mood of celebration in the cave and they all gathered about the fire loath to let go of a special day. Everybody praised the Ekulan for their practical construction. Many thanks were offered which Chaiko and Ushi passed onto Hollow-Tree and Fire-Dancer. They were not exactly sure how they were responsible for all this but accepted the gratitude with grace, protesting only a little. Makar then suggested that they all ought to learn more of Ekulan ways and invited Hollow-Tree to tell them a story that his people told around the campfire. It was soon agreed that Hollow-Tree would tell the story, Fire-Dancer would dance to it and Dawn would translate. They all gathered with great anticipation to hear it. Dawn settled heavily into a large pile of furs, feeling very pregnant and bloated. It was a good thing, she remarked laughing, that it was not she who had to do the dancing and Fire-Dancer the translating, as everybody would lose something in the dancing and a whole lot in the understanding of the story. People agreed, laughing.
“In a time not too long ago, there lived a man far to the north,” Hollow-Tree began while Fire-Dancer danced. People noted she was aptly named for she danced light as a flame, flashing this way then that, bending and twirling.
Dawn translated, her voice melodious, “Not so long ago that it is no longer remembered, there lived a man far to the north where the wind is born and returns, and snow covers all the land and ice covers the waters.”
“A man who in a fit of anger killed his brother.”
“This man, in great anger, lifted his arm against his brother, striking him with great vehemence on the temple, so that his skull split and he died on the spot in the crimson color of his blood which quickly froze into a red ice flower.”
It seemed strange to Hollow-Tree how many words it took to translate the few he had said, but he continued on, as Fire-Dancer danced. “All his neighbors united against him, found him guilty and cast him out, forbidding him ever to return.”
“Such revulsion his despicable act caused among his neighbors that they rose and determined his guilt and closed their hearts against him and turned their backs on him. He had no choice but to leave the land of his fathers.”
“All alone in the wilderness, he became wild himself, and turned into a bear.”
“And in the wasteland he found himself alone, the wind blew snow in his face and icicles down his neck and back. He saw nothing but the white of snow and heard nothing but the howling of the wind. He dug into the snow bank to spend the night, shivering with cold that never left his bones. His hair grew and covered him from head to foot and in time it all turned white. His fingers grew claws better to be able to dig under the snow to eat the moss and lichen for food and sustenance. There was always plenty of snow to drink. Over time, he had turned into a great white bear of the north stalking the snow fields and the ice floes.” In the middle of this recital, Dawn had to pause as she ran short of breath. Chaiko rose to get her some water, but Ruba was quicker and gave her a waterbag.
“Many years he wandered in the frozen land, leaving death and destruction behind him.”
“Time passed, though the place had only one season to boast, and that season was a cold that never changed. The man-bear grew angrier still, killing all things it could find, seals in their numbers, the c’ribo, and even some whales. He knew no mercy and in time he forgot his language and spoke in roars and groans. He forgot even that he was born of a woman and became fully a beast. Still, some nights in the wind he thought he heard murmurs as if people were talking and he was filled with great longing.”
“In his anguish he called out to the Spirit of the Sky to help him to take this great loneliness from him. But his brother’s blood spoke against him.”
“Filled with great anguish he pleaded with the spirits in the sky asking their help to rescue him from this great frozen loneliness. But the smell of his brother’s blood clung to him and a death-cry still echoed in the air to accuse him.”
“But the Spirit of the Sky was angry for all the death he had caused and took away his legs so that he had to crawl. He took away his fur so that he shivered.”
“But the spirits of the sky grew tired of the smell of death about him and grew tired of the trail of bones strewn behind him, and determined to humble him. The spirit took a great breath and blew down a cold, cold air onto the man-bear. The claws froze, then his hands and feet fell shattering to the ground. Then his fur fell out, hair by hair, the victim of frost and he was left naked in the cold wind.”
“The new creature he had become dove in the water, with just his nose above. It dove deep to dig and eat the plants and shells that grew on the bottom.”
“So cold this pitiful, hairless creature was that it hid in the frigid water, thinking it warm, with just his nose above to breathe. He dove a long way to the bottom to rake up shell fish and mussels that he would eat shell and all, and chew on a few soggy water plants, briny, full of the smells of the deep.”
“Now he found himself hunted by the great white bears and like the coward that he was, he hid.”
“Worse still, the white bears now hunted him and stalked his breathing holes and reached sharp claws after him. Soon his scratches were covered by new scratches. And he became afraid even of his shadow in a land that knew few shadows. As the coward he was, he hid.”
“Thus it was that the creature we call a walrus was born into this world.” Hollow-Tree finished his tale and sat down.
“So it was that the man who killed his brother was turned into a bear, then into a creature known now as the walrus. If you see one, he has no hands and no feet. He has no hair to cover him. He has grown fat in the meantime and soon as you go near he escapes into the water. It is a creature that was born of anger and reborn of fear into the coward he now is. Have therefore no fear of him for his brother’s blood still cries against him.”
So the story ended. Fire-Dancer was quite exhausted, having had to dance through two complete recitals. She collapsed into a heap, hard pressed to catch her breath. Hollow-Tree thought the clan language wasteful of words, requiring that many to describe some relatively simple ethical principle. Chaiko was the only one who could appreciate the subtleties of both performances. To the Ekulan it was the principle that mattered and all else was subordinated to it. In contrast, Dawn had given an excellent clan rendition, to capture the listeners’ imagination, to draw them into the story so they would remember it.
All agreed it was a great story and they applauded long and hard, giving both narrators credit. There was a lively discussion afterwards discussing the justice of the thing, with considerable diversity of opinions.
Tusk thought that the miscreant should have been punished right away with death, thus avoiding subsequent complications. Makar was the one who pointed out that the spirits did not want to take away the gift of life once given, but rather changed the form of that life according to merit. No one felt much sorrow for the man, after having killed his brother. There was some discussion if the Ekulan Spirit of the Sky was the same Spirit that the clan recognized.
The night drew reluctantly to a close, as all were heated by their imagination, and found it hard to settle down. Ork and Sosa were alternating between being the bear and the walrus.
Dawn settled heavily into her furs, breathing hard with the effort of moving her distended body about. Chaiko patted her affectionately, telling her how good her story was. Yael was turning restlessly feeling hot between them, because the flar allowed the heat to build up quickly.
Next morning the moisture of the day before froze just enough to cover everything, every branch and twig, every blade of grass with a thin layer of ice. Yes, winter was here.
People had slept well, though a few awoke in the middle of the night to unaccustomed darkness and had to peek through the flap to make sure everything was still there outside.
Kor was the only one who could not sleep at all. Waking into total darkness, not knowing where he was, thinking himself perhaps dead, he panicked and ran into the poles and hides of the flar. He was so frightened that finally Calla had to remake their old spot by the fire in the open, so he could settle down again.

Yaya had built a nice fire in front of their new shelter. She felt pleased, for next to Dawn’s, her place looked the neatest: the craftsmanship of Kray was obvious. Yaya enjoyed the increased status Kray had inherited from Kor. Though by nature Kray was a quiet man who preferred to let his work speak for him, making any implement as nearly perfect as he could was the extent of his abilities. The effort and care he expended on wood or flint showed, but he did not have the mystical qualities of either Kor or Chaiko. To him wood was just wood and stone remained stone.
 While Yaya felt comfortable with the simplicity of her mate’s life, his children soon outgrew it. They were more aware of the complexity around them, exposed as they were to the many incidents of their neighbors. For Sosa in particular, getting into as much trouble as he and Ork could, life had a spicy flavor that his father could not understand. Fortunately, Kray did not try to curb his son’s appetite for adventure that was so lacking in himself. Tay, now nearly five, also was straining for more adventure. She spent as much time away as she could or was allowed. Kray was always busy, and Yaya was permissive in this regard. It was not unusual that someone had to lead Tay back and return her into her parents’ care. At the present she was over at Dawn’s looking at her with big serious eyes. Dawn smiled at her. The girl smiled back and asked, “Is the baby awake?”
“Sure. Yael has been awake for a while now. Can you not see?”
“No, I mean the other one,” the little girl continued quite serious again, “in your tummy.”
“Why no,” Dawn said in surprise, “the baby is not awake.”
But then, as Dawn reached for Yael, she was suddenly overtaken by a flush of weakness. Her vision blurred and turned gray, and the ground swayed beneath her. Quickly she sat down and reached out her arms to steady herself. Slowly she lay back on her covers and tried to ease her breathing. Tay, suddenly frightened, ran to Yaya crying, “Mommy, I woke up Dawn’s baby!”
Dawn eased herself to her side. A twinge coursed through her abdomen, and she stiffened herself against the expected pain. But it did not follow. Cautiously she relaxed, and wiped the sudden flush of perspiration from her face. Was it her time? she wondered. The count of time was into the ninth moon, so it could very well be anytime now. She slowed her breathing hoping to get rid of the fluttery feeling inside. Then Chaiko was bending over her asking in a concerned voice if she was all right. Without thinking she said yes, just to reassure him, but then a fresh twinge tensed her again. When she opened her eyes again Tanya was peering down at her questioningly, and Fire-Dancer was beside her. Dawn shook her head in denial, suddenly afraid, remembering how much it had hurt the last time. She concentrated on short shallow breaths, willing her heart to quiet. After a while the nearness of sensations receded and she was able to attend to the rest of the world.
Like lightning the news flashed through the cave and all activity paused, to see if she would go into labor. Emma hurried about, collecting some things she would need if it was Dawn’s time. Ile and Lana ran to get fresh water, while Nebu, suddenly drawn out of herself, brought a handful of soft skins, hairless and pliable, just the thing to wrap a new baby in. In fact all the women were running about energized. All, that is, except Tara who for once, did not know what to do.
“Are you in pain?” Fire-Dancer asked in Elk.
“I do not know,” Dawn said unsure of just what she felt. There was a throbbing through her whole body, but it was not exactly painful. She tried to match her breath to the rhythm and soon grew lightheaded. Still this did not feel like the real thing, at least not how she had remembered it. Emma then started wiping her forehead with a soft skin that had a tangy smell of mint. Dawn frowned and said, “It is not time yet.”
Emma pursed her lips then said softly, “But it is, child. It’s time.” She had felt down there, and could tell that the body was ready.
“It is?” Dawn’s voice trembled just a little, the anxiety returning. She so remembered the pain.
Fire-Dancer leaned over her, held onto one hand, and whispered, “Just relax. Remember how it felt to hold Yael in your arms for the first time. How warm he was and how he squirmed about in your grasp. And how quickly he settled when he heard your heart again.” Dawn relaxed a little, letting the feelings through a small hole of her consciousness. For a while things eased and she relaxed some more.
All the women gathered around her hearth and made soft encouraging sounds. Dawn opened her eyes, surprised to see them all and mumbled, “It is not yet time.” They nodded back to her reassuringly but did not go.
“It is not yet time,” she repeated in Elk to Tanya, and in clan to Fire-Dancer. They smiled and squeezed her hands. Ile was holding onto Yael, while Ido played with him over her mother’s shoulder but he was not much interested, sensing that something was most unusual.
Outside the cave the men had gathered. It was so every time a birthing was near. Baer stood next to Chaiko, Crow and Ushi also close beside him. The men were talking about the weather but Chaiko was not listening.
“I am not really ready,” Dawn protested but they all hushed her up. Then a feeling of great tension started building inside her, as if her muscles and bones were being pried apart, and it was becoming harder and harder to breathe. Behind the pressure a dull pain arose and grew, each instance of its recognition flowing into a huge reservoir of pain. Then the pain stabbed through her and she tensed, arching herself right off the ground with an unconscious cry ripped from her. The women all moaned with her.
Outside, Chaiko jumped to his feet, wanting to rush to Dawn’s side but was held back by Baer and Crow. “It has begun,” his brother said; “it will not be long now.”
In this prediction he was sadly wrong. At that first cry the sun stood midway in the morning sky but nothing much happened until the sun was angling into early evening. In-between, waves of pain tormented Dawn. All the women cried in chorus to hide her cries, both to spare the men and to give her courage. They praised her, and tried to make her as comfortable as they could between the waves of pain.
Repeatedly Chaiko wanted to join her, but each time Baer blocked his way. “Stay! In there, the women already have enough to do without having to worry about you.”
There was again an upsurge of voices moaning, trying to mask Dawn’s cries. It fooled many but not Chaiko; he could pick out her voice and recognize the pain in it. Filled with impotent rage, he strode up and down, four steps hither, then four steps back, the wooden leg clicking angrily on the stones. It was making Baer so edgy that he commanded more harshly than he intended, “Sit down and get control of yourself. Running back and forth like that is not going to help her any!” Reluctantly, with eyes flashing, Chaiko sat down.
Hoping to distract the shaman, Ushi offered in his best conversational tones, “Among the Asti it is common that each time the woman cries out in labor, her mate’s back is struck with a bundle of switches.” Bear looked at Ushi, incredulous at his insensitivity, but Chaiko’s attention was caught. “The idea, I think, is to share the pain of childbirth. Believe me, by the end the man is fully as relieved as the woman, sometimes even more.”
“If it were that simple,” Chaiko sighed, his ears listening to every sound coming from the cave.
Inside, Emma was getting concerned that this was taking much too long, that Dawn’s strength was being sapped by fighting the pain. “We must do something to speed this up or she will have nothing left for the end,” she whispered confidentially to Tanya.
Tanya bent over her friend, took her face between her hands and said in a carefully calm voice, “Let the pain come and go as it will. Do not fight it. Work with it. Let it be like a great lake, the waves come in and the waves go out. Do not resist it. Do not hold onto it. Let them wash over you and recede where they came from.” Dawn indeed went slack holding onto her friend’s voice. When the pain hit, she tensed at first, but then surrendered to it. The next wave met no resistance and rolled on. Tanya kept talking trying to hold Dawn’s focus on her voice. “Pain is part of our lives, but has no claim on us. We do not dwell on it, just let it pass...”
Fire-Dancer could not understand the headwoman’s words but could see their calming effect. She heard the moans lose their edge, and ease up. She hurried to her place and came back with a hand drum of stretched skin on a wooden frame. She struck it once lightly then again and again trying to match the rhythm Dawn’s body was showing. She added a singsong cadence in Elk to the drum. Soon Lana joined her with a simple hummed melody overlaid on the beat. Cora also sang. Then one by one the other women each added just what they felt confident in. For once Ido did not sing.
If the pulse of Dawn’s pain was in the rhythm of the drum, then the color and expression of it was in the melody. The volume related to the intensity. Fire-Dancer compelled the beat to keep it under control. For someone like Dawn, for whom music was so important, it overlay her pain, like nothing else could. She adjusted her breathing to the rhythm she had been given and even her pulse slowed in its direction. The pain faded, as it obeyed the music. Fire-Dancer increased the tempo a little trying to ease her sister into the next phase.
Outside the men held their breath. None could recall a singing birthing. What is this?
Then Emma’s voice rose above the song, “Good, good! I can see the head now!” she called jubilantly. She quickly rubbed some more grease onto the mouth of the birth canal. The humming increased in pitch, the drum in beat. There was a fresh sense of urgency in the tone. “The head is through and free,” Emma called out again. The shoulders are showing now.” In the excitement, the music faltered. “Keep it going!” Tanya commanded, perspiration running freely down her face. Her arm was held by Dawn who strained against it, for support. The hum surged again, the women holding onto one another, all giving birth.
“The baby is half out,” Emma called, joy vibrating in her voice. Then in a rush the baby came gushing out. Emma held the little thing upside down, cleared the mouth and gave it a light slap on the back. A thin voice complained, one more voice brought into the world. Emma quickly wrapped the baby in a soft skin then deposited the bundle in Fire-Dancer arms. “It is a girl. A beautiful, lovely girl,” she celebrated. She bent quickly over Dawn, cut the umbilical and cleaned her up, then soothed the woman’s brow with a cool, soft skin scented with raspberry and mint.
“Good girl,” Tanya praised her friend. “A girl you have. All healthy. The blessing of a girl.”
“The most pretty thing I have seen in all my life. I am sure we will all be jealous,” the old medicine woman prattled happily on. “But why should I be surprised, with her mother as beautiful and so accomplished, what else could she be but... perfect.”
Suddenly a fresh convulsion hit Dawn and she went rigid in surprise. A strangled cry escaped the intake of breath.
Emma was beside her again. “It’s all right. You can relax now. Just a little push for the after birth.” But a new contraction shook Dawn and she went rigid with pain again, raising herself off the ground. The women looked at each other in bewilderment. She had given birth. Was it not over? Dawn’s eyes pleaded with them, then closed as more pain exploded through her. The shrill tone of panic was ragged in her scream. Emma exchanged a despairing look with Tanya. It should not be like this. A few mild contractions perhaps, but easing not increasing in vehemence.
A new cry escaped Dawn and the women lapsed into a confused quiet, their hearts constricted by fear. Chaiko strode into their midst, dropped beside her and grabbed her hand. He turned on Emma and said in a calm command, “Do something!”
Emma dropped beside Dawn and quickly examined her. There was no sign of bleeding, perhaps something torn inside? Gingerly she felt inside, and there was a quick intake of breath. “By light and thunder ... by wind and rain...” her mouth mumbled in shock.
“What is it?” Tanya hissed at her, her fingers digging into the older woman’s arm.
“I think ... No! It’s not possible,” the old woman stammered.
“What?!!” Tanya demanded harshly.
“There is... There is another one coming...”
“Another one??!” What was the woman babbling? “Twins??!”
“Yes! Yes!” Emma said excitedly, “I can feel the head.” Her fingers were feverishly exploring again. “The head is already well into the birth canal.” There was a sense of urgency again. “No wonder she is contracting still.”
Tanya took a deep breath; well so be it, and her voice again took command. “Well here we go again.” Fire-Dancer resumed the drums and they all resumed humming with great enthusiasm for they again had a sense of purpose and knew what they should do. Dawn’s hand clutched Chaiko’s, spasmodically squeezing it.
Outside the cave the men looked wonderingly at each other. Had the baby not been born already? Had they not heard a girl cry? Why were the women singing again then?
Ushi’s mouth barely moved. “She’s having twins.”
That could not be right, they all hoped. Twins were rare enough. But no twins had been born alive to the clan in living memory; their lives were too demanding, much too harsh. Anxiously they listened to the increasing pulse of the song, to the building urgency then sounds of joy and a new cry joined the world. “A boy! A boy!” the shouts came from the cave. “Healthy! Listen to him cry!”

Twins and both alive. Dawn collapsed gratefully, just a spent, exhausted heap, with barely the strength left to breathe. Fire-Dancer whispered comfort in her ears, “What beautiful children! A boy and a girl. Healthy, all pink, crying lustily. Listen to your daughter. Listen to your son.”
“Let me see,” Dawn whispered through cracked lips. Every part of her hurt, but she did not care. She had done her job. Twice over. “Let me see them,” she pleaded whispering. Tanya laid the girl in her left arm and the boy in her right. The small bundles struggled weakly and cried. Dawn smiled faintly, just the barest of smiles then closed her eyes and was asleep.
Chaiko rubbed his hands feeling a painful rush of blood grow in them. He could scarcely believe how much strength she still had to nearly crush his hand after all she had been through. He sucked in his breath as the bones slowly eased back into place.
Tanya brought some fresh water and placed a soaked skin on Dawn’s lips. The woman sucked on it eagerly, even in her sleep. Emma was again washing her face and body with water scented with lavender. She requested new covers which she carefully tucked about the mother and her new babies, then settled down beside her to watch over her sleep.
It was dark outside and turning colder. They gathered closer about the fire, quiet so as not to disturb her, wonder-struck again. Twins, alive and well, a great sign of good luck. But why should that be so surprising? Was Chaiko not Master of Magic? Still, they all had to shake their heads at that. Today was the day of the women, and men, no matter how hard they wished, had but little to do with it. So was right, for all men were born of women, born of pain. On this day it was their courage and fortitude that mattered and deserved all the praise.
Chaiko offered grateful wish-thoughts that Dawn was safe and the babies were healthy.

Chapter 21
The sun rose into a clear sky of pale blue that promised a cold day. People were now glad that they had flars to keep the chill out. They emerged, then quickly quieted, remembering the new babies. Fires were rebuilt and stirred back to life, but most went back inside to keep warm, peeking occasionally through the flaps to see if anything was happening yet outside.
Chaiko came out of his flar into the cold. He exhaled great clouds of air, and his skin tingled from the bite of the cold. Hollow-Tree was right behind him. The two went to the fire pit and quickly got it burning. Neither had slept well last night, waking to the cries of the babies. Tired as she was, Dawn nursed them with Fire-Dancer’s help. Chaiko hoped she had enough milk for two. Twins! He still could hardly believe it.
Emma hurried over, lifted the flap and slipped inside. Tanya came shortly bringing nutritious seed cakes slathered with honey. Then Lana arrived wanting to see the babies. Soon the flar was too full, and they had to take turns getting inside. The mother remained weak and tired. so nobody was encouraged to stay long. They stood around outside congratulating the father, but it was really too cold to linger and they soon drifted back to their hearths.
Ushi joined Chaiko and Hollow-Tree crouching by the fire, staring into the drifting smoke, all emotions wrung from them. It was a good thing that yesterday had not been this cold, which would have complicated the birth.
“Now you have two names to find,” Ushi said in Elk so Hollow-Tree could understand. “Have you any in mind?”
“No.” Chaiko shook his head. “Naming takes its time. By rights one recognizes the appropriate name, rather than just gives it.” There were supposed spiritual reasons for this; the shaman just wished he knew them, that was all. But he had to act like a shaman.
Baer came over and slapped backs to see who was under the furs. “How is it brother? How are the mother and babies?”
“Emma said they are all fine. They cried loudly enough to be fed.”
“I did not hear a thing. You know, these flars are the most useful contraptions. Especially this time of the year,” Baer gratefully stated the obvious.
“He likes your flar,” Ushi translated to Hollow-Tree.
“My flar?” The Ekulan looked questioningly at Chaiko’s flar behind them.
“No, your people’s flar,” Ushi corrected, but confusing the other all the more. “The idea of it. It is most useful.”
“Oh.” Hollow-Tree finally understood.
One by one, or in small groups, people came offering their good wishes to the mother, bringing little gifts. Then they congratulated the father, pounding on his back with enthusiasm. Chaiko’s insides were already rattling around from it. Even Ruba dared to hit his teacher this day.
Ulla, who still retained her shyness, offered a few quiet words of praise for the new mother and mumbled her congratulations to Chaiko and the group of men keeping him company. Behind her, Stow beamed proudly at her efforts then spoke twice as loud for the two of them. “Two of them. A great stroke of good luck. A boy and a girl.” Chaiko had noticed that most people now spoke of the babies as a “boy and a girl,” reversing the order of their birth. Most would be unaware of it, calling it a trick of the language. He smiled back gladly, acknowledging their thoughts and well-wishes.
Makar came by, loudly proclaiming some new verses he was working on to commemorate such a rare event. He was only lightly covered, it seemed; hot words and hotter ideas kept him warm enough. Ido slipped inside with some small offerings of dried fruit. Soon, Lana and Ido emerged and the two friends talked animatedly. “Did you see those tiny hands? Yet each finger is a perfect, fat little thing.”
“My first baby will be a boy,” Lana claimed, proud already, “and I will call him Bright-Light for he will have a beautiful smile.”
“Shhh. Do not let the shaman hear you. It is his right to give out names,” Ido cautioned. She had still not lost all her fear of the shaman, though he had never given her any cause.
“Oh do not worry about that.” Lana dismissed her objection with the wave of a hand. “I know how to get around him.” As always, Ido felt scandalized each time her friend bragged like that.
The council that morning took place at Chaiko’s hearth. What was there of import to discuss anyway? Even Tusk was in an expansive mood, laughing and boisterous, pounding on the new father. Cosh was trying hard to be enthusiastic, but everyone knew that he had real enthusiasm only for bison. Had it not been so cold, there would have been celebrations of this rare event. People were in the mood, and such good luck was certainly to be lauded with festivities.
Near noon, Emma sought out Tanya and informed her in strained undertones that Dawn had fever. The two women looked at each other in great dismay. Next to bleeding this was what they feared the most. Half the women who got the fever succumbed to it. “What can you do about it?” Tanya asked in a tense voice.
“Everything I have and know, I will try.” Emma set her jaw, and hurried on her way. She soon returned with concoctions, which she mixed in various proportions, seemingly unaware of the cold in spite of the pains that sat in her bones. Tanya went about and hushed people, to heed the mother who needed rest and quiet. But it soon got out that Dawn was burning up with fever and the mood turned into a strained waiting. “I knew it was too good to be true,” Rea remonstrated. He had allowed himself a little joy for he had always liked Dawn and could find no fault with her. He wished hard for her to heal but feared the worst. “I promise to be better,” he pleaded with the spirits, “help her heal. Do not take her.” For the first time he felt he had something real to wish for and he concentrated on that.
A muted, oppressive quiet settled on the camp. They waited. Inside the flar, Chaiko sat holding Dawn’s hand, talking quietly. Emma bustled about, but except for little comforting things, there was nothing left to do. She had tried all her concoctions and now waited to see if they helped any. She kept a skin wet and bathed Dawn’s face with its moisture. Fire-Dancer had taken the babies to Tanya’s flar, to be out of the way.
Dawn remained motionless. Occasionally, a great sigh would swell her chest and escape her, and each time the two paused waiting anxiously for the start of the next breath. Now and again, she stirred, and a few jumbled words would surface; some clan, some Elk.
“Remember the time we first saw this cave and you fell instantly in love with it? Knowing even back then that this would become our home? I remember how tired I was, and you must have been, but right away you set about making this our place. You were begging me to claim it...” Chaiko continued in a steady voice, hoping that she could hear it and hang onto it. At times he was rewarded by a weak answering squeeze of her hand or the fluttering of her eyelids. He talked and talked, reminding her of all the pleasant things they had shared and all the little things that bound her to this life.
Tanya stuck her head inside and motioned with her eyes for Emma to come out. “How is she?” she queried the medicine woman.
Emma shrugged wearily, “The fever has intensified. She is out of her head talking nonsense. She is burning up. Chaiko is talking to her to keep her with us.” Her eyes pleaded with the headwoman; please tell me what to do. Tanya stiffened her face, as there was nothing they could do. Now it was all up to Dawn. “Hang onto your hope,” was all she could think of saying and she hurried back to the babies. What would happen to them, poor things, if Dawn were to... were to... but then she veered away forcibly from finishing the thought. She felt like crying but swallowed her tears. “Dear heart, please hang on,” she pleaded for her friend’s life.
The morning dragged on, an anxiety-filled moment at a time and the afternoon lagged after it. The waiting seemed interminable. “Have the patience of a stone,” even women chanted, the hunters’ lore to keep fear out of their minds.
Then near evening, Emma was seen stirring a new batch of concoction by the fire, having sent her son Crow for ingredients, just like in the old days. Tanya hurried over and was greeted hopefully, “The fever is less, I swear it.”
“What can I do?” Tanya asked instantly, her heart jumping around in her chest.
“Wet her down! Keep her cool!”
Tanya hurried inside the flar, her eyes adjusting to the dim light. Chaiko’s voice droned on, recalling happy memories, but the tone was tired and cracked at times.
“Good girl. You can throw this off,” she whispered as she draped wet skins onto her friend’s face and chest. The skin was definitely less hot, she noted with joy.
The news of Dawn’s improved condition soon spread through the cave. Ile and Lana broke into tears on hearing it, while Ido retreated into silence. Ela laughed nervously, then ran outside; she had been holding her breath all day.
By mid-evening the word was that the fever had mostly abated and Dawn was again resting more comfortably. People dared to hope again, but it was not until they saw the babies taken inside for feeding that they dared to believe. Then, the interrupted celebration burst out again. In the cold, starry night, people danced without music, they danced to the joyful beating of their hearts. Only Tay forgot herself and clapped aloud just once.
By the time the moon rose, it was clear that the fever was gone and she was out of danger. Dawn came awake to ask for some more covers, found Chaiko’s eyes, lingered there, then closed her eyes to sleep again. A little later she woke again to help nurse her babies, then quickly dropped off.
It was then that all the tension that Chaiko had held back came pouring out of his eyes. Lana rushed over and threw her arms around him. That started all the women crying again. The men who were present turned morose, wrestling with their emotions. Tanya then chased everyone out, to leave Chaiko and Dawn with their children, in peace.

******
In a turn of half a moon, on a sparkling clear winter day, the clan gathered festively for a naming ceremony. The mother, fully recovered and beaming proudly, held each baby in her arms. Most unEkulan. She listened to her mate’s voice ringing in the cave.
“It is with gladness we mark this day to welcome two new members of the clan.” Chaiko smiled at them all, well conscious that their numbers had been increasing, by birth and by importation. With charcoal paste he drew a line onto his daughter’s chest. “I name thee Moonbeam-Light-on-Water.” A stir of appreciation went through the crowd for such a pleasant name. The shaman than turned to his son, drew a line on his chest and pronounced, “I name thee Sundance-on-the-Waves.” Then both babies started crying, shivering with cold. Fire-Dancer hurriedly covered them. The two sisters looked at each other, and perhaps thought back over the years when they had had no idea of the future, of all the joys and sorrows hidden there.
“Sundance! Moonbeam!” the clan greeted the youngest of their members joyously. Children were the future and symbols of hope, and at the moment the Standing-Rock Clan was well-provided with both.
The End
