


Xtreme Manly Man Force of Intense Badassery
Book I
The Fountain of Testosterone

By: Kell R. Inkston
© Kell Inkston













Disclaimer:
	This novel contains mature, badass material and themes that some readers may find highly offensive. Expect naughty words, potty words, blood, guts, and more than one reference to sexual bits, actions, and/or orientations, most of which will likely be used in derogatory or otherwise offensive manners. Of course, the views and opinions of characters in this book are in no way intended to reflect those of the author, and if you make the mistake of thinking that then you’re gonna’ have a bad time. It is intended for audiences of sixteen years or older, though every human develops at different paces of tolerance and maturity. Use your own discretion, dear Reader. You have been warned. Please enjoy responsibly.


	CHAPTER ONE: FIFTY-FIFTY (AKA: PUNCH THAT JERK IN THE FACE!)
	Somewhere in the shifting depths of a subspace realm walk two figures. They are heading towards a large, oppressively-sharp looking ziggurat of sorts, shaped like a giant fist punching the sky in its stupid, cloudy face. They halt a minute’s walk from it and feel the strange, dusty breeze blow against their chiseled, stoic faces.
	“Ya’ think that's the place?” the large figure on the left asks with a deep, masculine voice to the figure on the right. The person on the right pulls out a map and looks at it for just a moment.
	“That must be it,” the thin figure on the right says with a voice of notedly-less manliness levels, “there aren’t any other fist-shaped temples for miles,” he adds, rubbing his chin stubble.
	“Good. So ya’ ready, then?” the large figure on the left asks. Some call him “Ultra Death Graveman Death Death Death,” but for the sake of briefness, he will be referred to as “UDGD”. He is a man of very dark skin, wide features, and intense eyes. His hair is very short, and he is dressed in full, black plate with the exception of a helmet. He wears face-paint in the style of a star-white skull, staring forth with manly anger.
	“Yes, and you?” asks the figure on the right, known mostly by “Super Manly Heart Tearer Outer” (or “HTO” for short). He is a boy with a witty, decent look about him. His kept blond hair is held in a short pony tail, and has a charismatic, handsome face. He is outfitted in a light, thin plate suit, silver with blue accents, also without a helmet. He holds a solid rapier and a left-hand buckler, colored in silver and blue.
UDGD takes a quick look at his gigantic, strange axe. It looks as though a skeleton doodle has been drawn with crayons on top of the manly, blackened steel. After a moment of inspection in his gauntleted hands he sheathes it.
	“Yeah, let's do this,” UDGD says with an unnecessarily angry scowl. The two ascend the stairs of the giant temple, ready to complete their quest with gritted, manly skill. At the top of the ziggurat the path of the two figures are blocked by a huge beast man, its voided stare gazing into their souls.
	“Halt, humans. This is a sacred temple of face punching. Only initiates with our order, The Great Society of Face Punching, may pass,” the large beast that totally looks like it’s been working out with a super high protein diet for the past three decades, says with deep snarl and abdomen flex. UDGD scowls as he draws his axe.
	“I think you're gonna’ let us past,” UDGD says, clenching his teeth with intense, disgruntled strength. The intention of the visitors made clear, the beast enters a frontal stance, readying to tear off their heads and drink their blood after punching every inch of their bodies to oblivion. HTO does the same and draws his long rapier as he notes the beast's growl, warning of the oncoming, skeleton-crushingly-brutal fight.

	ENGAGE!

	The beast lunges forward with a snap of his teeth at UDGD, who thrusts his hand at the creature's neck. UDGD swings his large axe with a single move, lopping off the beast's super muscular left leg and opening a gaping wound. Xtreme amounts of blood spray from the crimson hole, painting the armor of the two mercenaries. The beast howls in manly pain as it punches UDGD in the face with its muscular beast fist. As the two engage in a radical exchange of fists to the face, HTO delivers a precise thrust to the beast's chest. Blood spurts forth all around the entrance of the temple as the beast flails its fists at UDGD. A few more impalements by HTO, and the beast falls to the ground, spewing insane amounts of bloody awesomeness and painting the stairs of the temple. UDGD, with an enraged yell, draws back his axe, to which he has given the name “The Tomb Lord,” and throws it down on his foe with all the strength he can muster. The axe comes into brutal contact with the beast's neck, and blood covers both of the human warriors as the sinews are parted and the head goes flying off down the stairs.

	VICTORY!

	With a sweet guitar riff provided by the Subspace Orchestra in the background, UDGD spits on the mutilated corpse of the beast’s decapitated corpse and wipes the blood off his face.
	“Thanks for letting us past,” UDGD says as the two enter into the large temple. HTO sighs, secretly not being very fond of blood- and thus not manly. The two pass through a torch-lit hallway, smelling deeply of raw body parts, blood, and more cool/gross stuff-- when HTO, being the more perceptive of the two, hears what sounds like voices ahead.
	“Wait a sec'... I think I hear chanting,” HTO says in a tone that is not quite as manly as UDGD would prefer him to have.
	“Yeah? So what?” UDGD responds with an arched brow.
	“Oh, well I just thought that you’d like to know, because it sounds like there’s buncha’ beasts singing it,” HTO explains with a reasonable tone, a sort most normal people would find perfectly normal.
	“Yeah, thanks,” UDGD says icily, his thankless gaze staring forward even more. HTO shrugs as the two press forward into the drearily-lit halls of the sanctuary. Only a few seconds pass and UDGD can hear the many voices emanating from their destination up ahead. The two companions come upon an illuminated corner that leads into a bright place located at the end of the hall. 
	“That must be where they’re keeping ‘em,” HTO says.
	The two quiet their footsteps as they reach the end of the hallway, and UDGD peeks around the corner with the profile of a shadow.
	In the slight curve of his vision, the manly axe man UDGD can see a large pedestal surrounded by flames, which is surrounded by several dancing and chanting beast-folk, who in turn are surrounded by several mutilated corpses on fire. Atop of the pedestal and securely tied with ropes sits a dozen children and a young lady, all bound and gagged. This looks pretty manly, but not manly enough to beat UDGD and HTO.
	“Looks like they're preparin’ for th’face punchin’ sacrifice,” UDGD whispers as he looks over the beast-men and their weaponry.
	“What?! What's that?” HTO asks with a tone so un-masculine, UDGD would swear it sounds like the voice of a sissy. UDGD sighs, showing his displeasure at HTO's lack of manliness while still maintaining his cool composure.
	“It means they’re about to punch those people in the face to death, eat their guts, and then set them on fire,” UDGD, the axe warrior of death, explains to the rapier user.
	“Oh, yeah of course. So how will we attack?” HTO says, shooting an “O.K.” signal to UDGD.
	“How else? We tell ‘em we’re here, and then kill ‘em. Ya’ ready?”
	“Uh, I'm not sure if that would wo--”
	“HEY, YOU!” UDGD yells at the large group of beast-men as he dashes into the main chamber of the temple. HTO cringes, seeing the small army of beasts turn their heads at the two of them. UDGD pulls a great breath into his lungs- it’s showtime.
	“An interloper.” The leader of the beast-men and the high priest of the face-punching cult hisses at the sight of the two mercenaries.
	“I'M GOING TO TEAR OUT YOUR SPINES, PISS ON YOU, BURN YOU, AND THEN KILL YOU!” UDGD yells in his most erection-crushing of voices. The dozens of foes begin to form around UDGD and HTO as they draw their jagged, rusty weapons, each stained with the blood of many weakling foes. The high priest of the face-punching cult remains unmoved from the center of the pedestal where he is about to punch the schoolteacher and the children in their faces, to death.
	“Kiiiiiiill them!” The sniveling priest says with a deep, crimson-colored scowl.

	ENGAGE!

	The beast-men dash to slay UDGD and HTO. UDGD, with his large axe poised to strike, throws a strong swing across the audience of beasts. Considering the beast-men do not wear armor, his strike promptly cleaves through three of them, sending their organs splattering into their friends. The rest waste no time in thrusting forward with their weapons, pushing UDGD back just a bit as he prepares his next swing. HTO meets swords with the beast-folk, parrying any foolish strike they make towards him. The two slash and gouge in the large group of beasts for several seconds, HTO skillfully evades and blocks every strike with poise and grace, and UDGD takes the blows as they come; he feels that is the purpose of armor, to take hits and still be carelessly manly. The demoralized beast-men begin stancing defensively, allowing UDGD to break straight through their guards and chop them into a gory, crimson salad of weakness and failure.  The high priest, dressed in robes of crimson and black, sees that the two are winning the bout between themselves and his minions, roughly halfway through the entire cult. The priest decides the sacrifice must happen immediately. The priest turns to the struggling group of children plus one lady and raises his fists to begin the painful, manly sacrifice.
	“I DON'T THINK SO!” UDGD yells from behind. The priest turns his head just in time to see UDGD, flying in the air towards him, axe poised to strike. UDGD swings down with such inhuman strength, a bunch of sweet guitars wail madly as UDGD splits through the high priest with a single strike. The high priest wails in agony the second before his body explodes, blood drenching UDGD, the captives, and the alter. The surviving beast-men are so distraught and intimidated from UDGD's display of manliness that they all drop their weaponry and surrender. 

	VICTORY!

	UDGD basks in the immense pride of leaping ten feet in the air and then splitting someone in half in front of dozens of enemies, and proceeds to untie the children and woman by pulling the ropes apart with his stupid levels of strength. HTO nods with approval that the fight is over and proceeds to wipe the large splotches of blood off of his face, armor, sword and shield.
	“Oh, thank you so much sir! Children! Thank the nice man for saving us!” the lady says with a nod.
	“Thank you, mister scary guy!” the overjoyed children all exclaim on the command of their schoolteacher. UDGD puts away his axe, and crosses his arms in a cool, uncaring way.
	“Yeah, whatever,” he says, looking off to the subdued beast-men. HTO smirks from below as the children flood UDGD with compliments on his greatness, and how so many of them want to be as cool and badass as him when they grow up. “Shut up, kids. It's all in a day's work,” UDGD adds as he shoos them off down the hall and out into freedom. The children and teacher rush away past the surrendered beast-men.
The kids seem to have taken the brutal slaughter of dozens of creatures fairly well, as they are all laughing and making up jokes as they leave. HTO sighs as he wonders about children raised in subspace; violence is so normal to them that something this traumatic is barely scarring for them.
The children and teacher step off to return home, and UDGD turns his head to HTO and the remaining beast-folk. The beast-men freeze up once they notice UDGD's angry, super manly glare, promising an awesome, disemboweling death to any who defy his will.
	“ALRIGHT, BITCH SISSIES, THIS IS NOW A SHAKEDOWN. LINE UP YOUR STUFF HERE!” UDGD commands, pointing at a certain place near the shrine. The beast-men get to work, not wanting to displease their incredibly strong and angry looking visitor. UDGD leaps down and joins HT, who has just finished cleaning his shiny suit of armor, near the growing pile of loot. The beast people scramble around for anything of value they can find, and then all halt near the pile, hoping that the murderer of their leader is happy with what they’ve brought.
	UDGD crosses his arms with an initially-disapproving stare. Most of the treasure they have looks non-manly, and just plain weird. There are piles and piles of useless baubles, bronze and cheap-metal items, and a single copy of the first book in the Oscar La’Coss book series, a novel in which he has no interest in reading. A matter of fact, so little of it looks good to loot and sell at a local vendor that UDGD feels he may just tear out the hearts of the beast-men, make a chair out of their furry corpses, and then just sell that instead. He was just about to yell in their faces and kill them all, except he spots something in the pile that catches his eye- a scroll.
	“And what would this be?” UDGD asks with a curious glare. The beast-men shuffle about nervously until one that knows what it is looks at the object UDGD is pointing at. 
	“Tis a map... sir,” it responds, head hanging low out of respect.
	“A map t’what?” he asks the beast man while tapping his foot in thought as he extends his hand to take it. The beast man humbly creeps forward and places the rolled up scroll in his hand.
	“To a great treasure spoken of by our ancestors. Tis said to be a fountain that produces unlimited amounts of the purest of manly fluids.”
	“Gross.”
	“Nay sir, you misunderstand. I speak of testosterone, the essence of manliness,” the beast corrects, reversing UDGD's stance on the subject. The two warriors are taken aback slightly. HTO is taken aback much more of course, because he is not nearly as manly as UDGD, who only displays his surprise with an even more morbid scowl. While he does his best not to show it, UDGD is actually quite excited about the idea of gaining unlimited manly power.
	“I'll be keepin’ this,” he says as he looks over the map. It’s tough to decipher- the geography looks absolutely nothing like what he is familiar with.
	“Tis contained in another subspace realm, sir. Only the most experienced of orienteers could find it.”
	“Yeah, great,” UDGD says, putting the map in one of his in-armor compartments, sliding out to reveal an open hatch. He turns to leave, HTO following promptly behind, and only looks back at the beast-folk to say one last thing:
	“Yeah, and stop punching people in the face, that's my job,” he says, causing a sweet industrial “Da dun, da duuuuun” accompaniment from the unseen Subspace Orchestra. The beasts all fall to their knees in reverence- they know well that only a serious badass can make the invisible orchestra that persists through all of subspace play music with that level of awesomeness. UDGD and HTO make their way back through the hall and out of the temple. Going down the steps, HTO turns to his comrade.
	“So, now that we're done with the quest, we just split the money fifty-fifty and you keep the map?” HTO smirks at who he sees as a friend after only a single mission. UDGD snorts out air with a frown, and stops at the bottom of the steps to look HTO in the eyes.
	“Ninety-ten” UDGD responds, crossing his arms with stoic certainty. HTO’s eyes widen, and he stutters like a big baby for a moment before composing proper words.
	“Ninety-ten” That's insane! I killed more than you!” HTO throws his hand to his rapier hilt with an alert stare.
	“Yeah, but the kids and babe would've died if it weren't for me killing th’boss.”
	“Fifty-fifty is what we agreed on! You should be grateful you got a professional fencer for that price!”
	“And you should respect th’ fact I'm a better warrior than you,  n’deserve more,” UDGD says, leaning forward without expression. HTO meets his own forehead to his comrade's.
	“Oh yeah?!” HTO flexes for the sword draw.
	“Yeah,” UDGD says, cracking his knuckles.
	“Y-yeah!!?”
	“Yeah.”
	“WELL I T-THINK YOU'RE ABOUT TO THINK TWICE ABOUT THIS!”
	“ ‘N why’s that?”
	“B-BECAUSE I'LL TELL THE AUTHORITIES!” The moment this halting statement exit's Heart Tearer Outer's mouth, UDGD sighs.
	“You'll tell the authorities? Pretty lame, man. I had a feeling you were a sissy.”
	“I'm not a sissy!” HTO shouts.
	“Yeah?”
	“YEAH!”
	“Prove it, bitch-ass, turn right around n’tell ‘em. See what it gets ya’,” UDGD says as he moves his right hand to retrieve his axe. His cold, obsidian stare makes HTO freeze, think logically for a moment and then avert his gaze. “That's what I thought. So ninety-ten it is,” UDGD says with only the slightest of smirks. HTO sighs and nods as the two of them make their way back to the town.
 


	CHAPTER TWO: GET OUT OF MY WAY!
	The two entering the city of Liuil, there is already a crowd of people gathered around the school children and the teacher- everyone celebrating their return. One of the kids spots UDGD and HTO pass by and points the two out.
	“That’s the guy!” he says, turning the gaze of the entire crowd. UDGD sighs and continues walking as a wave of cheering erupts from the group. HTO is surprised UDGD is not soaking in the glory of being a hero; maybe he is so cold because that is part of his image. HTO nods to himself, content with his self-made answer, and follows UDGD past the crowd and into the local Taskman's Guild- the place mercenaries go get their jobs, get drunk, or get killed.
	UDGD kicks open the door with senseless strength, turning the heads of the other mercenaries in the building. It is a drab, dark-wood hall, washed over with the scent of ales and blood.
	“Yo, Death!”
	“Hey, Death.”
	“Death, nice to see you,” are a few of the addresses given to UDGD amongst the other mercs. UDGD ignores the greetings, maintaining his manly and badass composure, and walks up to the task desk. A bored looking woman, looking about her early thirties, looks over to UDGD.
	“You got 'em?” she asks, already knowing the answer, but having to ask regardless, as per regulation.
	“Yeah,” UDGD says with that famous scowl on his face. The girl sighs and nods. UDGD has never failed a mission, at least in all her time of working as the task manager. A matter of fact, he has completed so many missions, that he is actually the number four mercenary in the entirety of the city.
	The #1 mercenary is a man who is rarely mentioned let alone seen, a legend among the others, and has completed only thirty three major missions more than UDGD. UDGD, of course, wants the #1 position a good deal, as the #1 ranking mercenary is declared a national treasure by the city's government, and is paid just to be alive. For a second so slight, and a movement so mild, UDGD smiles, but no one in the building sees him do so. He is so close to his goal, and soon he will be the #1 mercenary in the city if he keeps his head in it. He just needs to take thirty three more major jobs.
	“Nice job, Death,” the lady says as she hulks up a large bag of sin, pressed coins of varying metals, on the table. UDGD grabs the bag, and looks through it a moment, sorting out HTO's share.
	“Thanks,” he says as he hands to HTO a measly 55 sins. HTO takes the money with a hint of contempt on his face, thinking he needs the money a lot more than the #4 mercenary in the city; he must be absolutely loaded, HTO thinks. UDGD re-ties the bag filled with sins and stuffs it into one of his sizable armor compartments. He turns back to the lady and clears his throat.
	“Hey, babe,” UDGD starts, usually not one to care about learning the names of people. The woman, whose name is actually “Firi” for the curious Reader's reference, twitches for a moment and turns.
	“Yeah, guy?” she responds, attempting to pay him back even slightly with the disrespect she’s been shown; she doesn’t mind being called “babe”, it’s more so that it’s been years and UDGD still forgets her name.
	“I got a map here, ya' think ya’ could find out if anyone in the guild knows how t' read it?” UDGD says as he takes out the scroll he confiscated from the beast-men earlier, and places it crudely in Firi’s outstretched hand. The woman, dressed in colors particularly decadent for the usually earthy city, looks over the map for just a moment and then looks up.
	“I'll see what I can do,” she responds, 0% of excitement or interest displayed in her dark green eyes.
	“Thanks, I'll be back in an hour,” explains UDGD as he turns from the desk and gives a casual wave off. HTO, standing in place, watches UDGD walk out of the guildhall and turns to Firi.
	“Can you believe that guy? He's such a prick!” HTO says with a less-than-manly pout as he grips the hilt of his rapier. Firi shrugs.
	“I can believe anything,” she claims with a worldly, cynical smirk, “besides, he’s not the worst guy we have around here.” HTO nods, not really listening to her, but still accepting her answer. He is much too preoccupied with thinking about how he got cheated by UDGD to care about the opinions of others.
	“Yeah, well, see ya,” HTO says to the lady, who simply bows her head as he makes his own exit.
	HTO makes his way down the smelly, unkempt streets of Liuil's lower quarters, and grumbles rather impolite words under his breath as he walks the short, one-minute trek to his apartment. He enters, pays no mind to the kind greeting of the innkeeper's wife, and walks upstairs to his small, one room place of residence.
	Now in the privacy of his own holdings, HTO closes the door, locks it, and then smashes his foot into the floor. Being an old building, the boards give way directly under his strike. HTO cusses frantically seeing he just made a new hole in the floor. He pulls his foot out of the boarding, walks over to his couch, also serving as his bed, and crashes down in his full armor, staring at the roof in thought.
	“How dare that bastard cheat me! We had an agreement, dammit!” He boils in his mind as he slowly reaches for his small coin purse. Pulling it out, he looks at the small purse with a dull gaze, as if he were staring at nothing at all. HTO sighs, and reaches below the couch. He opens a small safe underneath, and empties the sin inside.
	It is a hard life for poor Super Manly Heart Tearer Outer, for certain. In earlier years, life was comfy enough, but his aspirations for adventure did not line up with his father’s desire for him to take on the family business, and so he struck off on his own. Eating rice and noodles every day is definitely not his idea of a good living, especially when he was raised off of steak and steamed vegetables. Ever since he left to go out on his own, he has been met with nothing but misfortune; he wonders if his life will ever turn around. His joining the mercenary’s guild was easy enough, but he had to deal with so much waiting between missions that he can barely make ends meet through the work. He remains barely respected, barely called upon and barely remembered by any soul in the Omniverse; this is something he hates almost as much as not being able to eat the way he likes to. 
	HTO stares at the mildewed walls of his tiny apartment for a few seconds, deep in thought, and decides that he is going to change this. The young, blond man sits up and then sighs again. He wonders how exactly is he going to change fix this problem? HTO, a twenty four year old living in the dumps, strokes his chin a moment in thought. Very gradually, a smile forms across his face, and it is a manly smile. 
	CHAPTER THREE: WE NEED A TEAM
	An hour later, UDGD enters the guild hall again and makes his way up to Firi. The moment the Morbid Axeman enters her view, she perks up, hoping this moment becomes the highlight of her day.
	“Well?” UDGD says as he crosses his arms and frowns, sending across the message that he will chop Firi in half if she does not respond. Firi places her coupled hands on the desk in front of her, and speaks.
	“I found out something pretty cool,” she says simply, a sly smirk crossing her lips.
	“Yeah, and?”
	“And you'll have to make me want to tell you,” she adds, quickly getting to the point as she eyes over to his left breast, the compartment where she knows he keeps his money. UDGD scowls fiercely, and for a moment contemplates tearing her head off. However, this is a place of civility; he decides against it. Regardless of this, he can still make her think he’s not afraid to do it. UDGD snorts out hot air and intensifies his gaze on Firi's eyes like hands around a throat. Firi maintains her condescending expression of victory for only a few more seconds, when she feels a chill run down her spine.
	“I c'n wait all day for ya’ t’get off duty,” UDGD says, pushing out breath that smells like burning ash. Firi's expression slowly turns into one of concern. She has never seen UDGD angry, and she certainly does not find the idea very comforting. She decides that a small bit of bribe money is not worth being torn in half in a secluded alleyway later tonight.
	“Eheh! I was just kidding… you know! You know how I love to play around, right?” Firi says with a sheepish grin. UDGD's expression is unmoved, causing her to continue. “Yeah... right. Well, I checked around, and it was really the strangest thing that you’s ask now because, only for today, there is a traveling mercenary that can apparently read any unmarked map and identify its location. Nuts right?” Firi confides. There is a quick spark in UDGD's obsidian-colored eyes.
	“Where is he?”
	“The person who told me saw him at 7th street, his friend said they were going to get something to eat at 'the coolest joint in town, ya' dweeb',” Firi explains with a mixed expression.
	“Is that all you know?”
	“Yup.” she hands the map back to its owner. UDGD takes the map, and turns to leave.
	“Thanks,” he says, in the precise same manner he had an hour ago. The Axeman leaves and travels to 7th street.
As usual, the earthy street is packed with creatures and humanoid beings of all shapes and sizes, all buying or selling something at they think they need to have or get rid of, but probably don't. UDGD's eyes scan through the crowds until he spots a certain vendor, currently negotiating a price for a dimensional sheath, an expensive but effective way to store one’s weapon. The Bloody Axeman UDGD weaves through the crowd and looms over the short gnome. 
	“Jagger,” UDGD says, rudely interrupting the gnome and his potential client. Jagger Mc. Fiddleclick hears the voice of a man he is terrified of and as such respects without measure.
	“Hey there!” Jagger says as he hastefully turns his head to deliver a winning smile.
	“Y’saw the man who could read maps, right?” UDGD grunts while crossing his arms.
	“Why yes! He actually jus-”
	“Hey, you rude ruffian! Couldn't you see I was in the middle of a purchase?!” an elf, the customer interrupted by UDGD, exclaims, ready to engage in a most unpleasant civil argument. 

	ENGAGE!

	UDGD punches the elf in the face, knocking out three of his teeth and breaking his nose. The elf is toppled to the dirty cobblestone ground and pathetically scampers off with a hand covering his bloody face.

	VICTORY!

	Jagger suppresses a gasp of shock, and speaks.
	“Eheh... so yeah, he actually just went inside 'Au Natural' with his friend,” Jagger responds with a grin, hiding his horror as best he can. UDGD nods and leaves without a word as he wipes the elf's blood from his fist. Jagger, the gnome, cleans his forehead for sweat; “that Graveman is so incredibly violent,” he silently whimpers to himself.
	The Axeman meshes through the varied crowd a bit more until he gets to the entrance of the fanciest restaurant in the lower quarter: Au Natural. The arrogantly bright sign shines over the passing crowds as the night cycle begins all across the realm. UDGD scowls with unplaced anger and walks up to the bouncer. With one look, the guard recognizes who is standing in front of him and steps aside. Normally the bouncer would say something irritating and aggressive, like, “Only rich poor people through here,” or “Yeah? You're not getting in, covered in blood like that,” but he has long ago learned that UDGD is not the kind of man someone wants on his bad side. UDGD steps to the side of the guard, asserting his intention to enter, but also asks a question.
	“Where is the map-reading guy seated?”	
	“Eh, private room #14,” the guard replies after a quick look at his seating papers. Without another word, UDGD enters the establishment smelling of sissy drinks and, ignoring the gazes of the weak sissy people at the various tables, steps up the stairs to the private rooms. UDGD walks down the hall balcony, overlooking the entire first floor, and opens room number fourteen without knocking.
	Instantly gaining his attention is a character, even by UDGD’s standards. Sitting in the small and cozy room, with plate-after-plate of expensive food stacked high, is a short, chocolate colored man with the largest purple afro UDGD has ever seen, and a really really stupid pair of purple-tinted goggles. Inscribed across the two goggles is the phrase “Swagzone 360”. UDGD feels this is already enough to label this apparently highly skilled man not manly, and looking down at his clothing only affirms this more. The man is wearing a mix of purple and white that is so tacky, UDGD thought it would have been impossible to look this lame- like a miracle of stupidity. UDGD tries his best not to laugh at the short man and successfully manages to keep a straight face.
	“You just gonna’ stare? What do you want, Noob?” the short, rather overweight man asks with a look of accusation in his eyes. His voice sounds like a drowning cat. UDGD forces out an almost silent, neigh-undetectable snicker.
	“I need ya’ to read a map,” UDGD asks with a serious glare as he pulls out the ancient scroll.
	“Pffft, give it here, you dweeb. Why didn't you ask me sooner?” the short, overweight man demands as he snatches the map from the axe warrior's grasp. UDGD would punch this obnoxious fool in his face, but he needs him to read the map, and people generally dislike other people who punch them in the face. The ridiculous, wide-nosed man hums skeptically as he looks over the map at different angles and distances, striking UDGD to guess that he the man actually has a clue about map-reading.
	About half a minute passes and the strange, human-shaped object next to the small man moves. UDGD is set back, having thought it was just a mannequin that the annoying wimp brought along to keep him company for the night. The figure, gazing from under a large, concealing cloak, looks to be of the tall, muscular shape of a man. Looking under the hood, UDGD can only see the sheen of what seems like some sort of metal- must be well armored.
	“Perhaps I could take a look at it?” the tall figure asks with an air of perfect calmness. The short man scoffs at the tall one's request. UDGD is squints in thought; these two people seem like polar opposites.
	“Shut up, you dork, I'm busy,” he says, pathetically lurched over the cryptic map. Half a minute more passes, and the short man pushes the map over to the tall, fully-armored one.
	“Right, of course I know how to decipher this kind of map, but this butt munch over here could use the practice,” he claims, crossing his arms as he motions with his head over to the taller one. The cloaked figure looks at the map for only four seconds.
	“This map shows geographic features that are highly similar to a configuration in subspace sector #79,014. Pardon me, sir, but do you know what this is supposed to lead to?” The figure says with his eloquent, gentle poise overpowering the crude, childish disposition of the other man at the table.
	“It leads to something that I need. That's all ya' need t' know,” UDGD says with a distrusting glare. The cloaked man tilts his head quizzically, an action that, if he did not look so mysteriously awesome, UDGD would think quite unmanly.
	“Well, you dirty dweeb, we want in! Isn't that right, no faced dork?” the short man says as he shoves some expensive dish in his mouth. The tall one is still for a moment and then nods.
	“It would be my pleasure to guide you there,” he says along with a polite bow. UDGD is skeptical, but he’s sure he can just kill them both later if they get in the way of him and his goal.
	“Fine, merc name’s Ultra Death Graveman Death Death Death, but mos' jus' call me Death,” UDGD says as he crosses his arms with a cavernous scowl. The short man with a purple afro bursts into laughter.
	“Death? Talk about a noob name! My name is the utmost in both originality and fear-striking-into-the-hearts-of-peopl...ity.” The afro-man fires a hand pistols at UDGD, just like a sissy would. UDGD leans his head forward a tad.
	“N’jus' what would that be?”
	“Mr. Honkers, you foolish dweeb,” the short man states as if he had just given the final answer on a game show, deeming him the winner of a new car. UDGD sighs- this man looks like the dumbest he's ever met.
	“And you?” UDGD questions the tall one, looming over the table.
	“A.C.--”
	“He's nothing but a dork,” Mr. Honkers interrupts with a stupid grin while adjusting the goggles over his eyes. The tall man tilts his head to the other side just a bit.
	“Well... perhaps it would be better to give my title then. The people around here call me Insanely Masculine Robot Man,” he says, handing the map back across to UDGD. UDGD wonders a moment what a robot is, and decides it would make him look like a sissy if he were to ask - so he doesn’t.
	“When will ya' be ready to leave?”
	“Oh, I require my beauty sleep and customary twenty hot girls massaging my feet session. I'll probably be done at the start of light cycle tomorrow,” Mr. Honkers makes aware as he gets up from his seat. UDGD watches in manly disbelief as Mr. Honkers stands at full height. He is wearing platform shoes.
 CHECK“Have a problem with how awesome I am?” Mr. Honkers questions as he steps to the door. IMRM also rises to leave; his cloak elegantly lifts with him like a mantle of mysteriousness, and then he looks up to the door alertly.
	“Three approaching,” IMRM says with an awake, but unexcited tone. UDGD is about to call him out on how he would know, but immediately hears rapid footsteps closing in on their room. A group bursts through the door. The posse consists of the elf whom UDGD punched in the face earlier, and two big guys that he’s just paid really, really well.
	“There he is! Make him sorry!” the elf squeals in an entirely-unmanly fashion.
	Without a moment's pause the two men draw their broadswords and step towards the  three in the room with the intent to kill. Not to UDGD's surprise, IMRM is capably armed. IMRM, equipping himself with even more impressive speed than UDGD, reaches into his cloak, and pulls out a large black scythe with patches of red neon, something he could not possibly hold inside unless using some kind of crazyass-magic-dimensional technology. In the breath before the fight, UDGD wonders if these men are anything like the sorcerers he’s heard about; horrible, demonic creatures that devour the souls of men.

	ENGAGE!

	IMRM draws back the massive scythe and throws his strike across the hands of his foes. With a deft swing, the scythe's blade slices across through every pair of hands. Two swords fly to the side of the room as their owners cry loudly in pain and panic. With hands that look like tangled thickets of white and crimson, they dash out of the room like sissy baby cowards. The elf, in utter disbelief that his hired men have been defeated with such speed and precision, turns to leave, but not before UDGD dashes up to him enraged, ready to make him wish he never showed his face around him a second time.
	The Grim Axeman delivers a punch so devastating, so masculine, so violent, straight into the face of the elf, that sub space slows down for a few fleeting seconds, just to see the elf's skull crack under the force, and his brain crushed as a result. The elf tumbles onto the floor pathetically, quickly going limp.

	VICTORY!

	UDGD turns to Mr. Honkers, having finally drawn out his blade, placing it back into its sheath.
	“Well well, looks like the thought of fighting me really messed with their psyches and provided enough time for you two to beat 'em! Not bad, robo dork, but you still have a lot to learn before you'll be worthy enough to wipe my bottom,” Mr. Honkers says with a master-like grin on his face. IMRM’s poise returns to that of subservience and serenity.
	“Yes, certainly,” IMRM responds with an bow of the head. UDGD shakes his fist of the elf's blood, looking over the two with a frown.
	“So, meet me at th’Taskman's Guild hall at first of light cycle tomorrow,” UDGD states in an almost-commanding tone. IMRM nods his head, and Mr. Honkers shrugs.
	“We'll see if I can find the time. I have sooo much to do after all,” he says with a suave jiggle of his afro. UDGD, his business completed, walks out of the room and goes home for the night. This looks to be easier than expected.
	 
	CHAPTER FOUR: GETTING THROUGH SECURITY
	The start of the light cycle has come to the subspace realm, and there is a very manly and unhappy looking warrior leaning against the door frame to the Taskman's Guild, awaiting a couple of peculiar figures. UDGD crosses his arms skeptically, wondering if the short stupid one of that duo can even wake up at a half-decent hour to do anything other than eat cereal, roll in mud, and other shenanigans that a weak weakling would be partial to doing. He waits one more minute and just as the great clock in the sky ticks to the first hour, he sees coming down the street the short joke of a man and his tall enigma of a companion, concealed inside his flowing, almost religiously-cleaned cloak. 
	“Heya, Dweebster,” Mr. Honkers greets UDGD with a raising of the hand.
	“Yeah, hey,” the coal-skinned axemen responds with a ridged scowl as he wonders if this man calls everyone names. IMRM nods his head respectably in a greeting, which UDGD responds in turn with an even longer manly frown.
	“Please pardon our lateness. Are you ready to go to the space gate?” IMRM asks, referring to a large gate that makes use of magic technology.
The gates, very useful inventions by a long-dead wizard by the name of Rondi, enables people uneducated in the highest levels of dimensional magic arts, (that being around 99.99999% of the Omniverse's population,) to freely travel between dimensions, as all Space Gates are connected through an incredibly complex magical teleportation system.
	UDGD glances to the side when IMRM mentions a space gate.
	“Yeah, you lead,” he says, too embarrassed to admit that he has never been to a genuine dimension, let alone another subspace realm other than this one. He feels that it is peculiar, how he has lived thirty five years now, and he still has never traveled much of anywhere, let alone an actual dimension.
	The three begin their trek to Liuil's space gate, down at the beginning of the south road leading out of the city. UDGD has rarely ever gone south, let alone the southern-most part of the city. A matter of fact, he has never even seen the space gate at the southern tip of the city, as it is quite a big city, and most wealthy people don't enjoy the sight of violent, manly, blood-splattered mercenaries running around their sissy diaper quarter of the city. UDGD does not particularly care about this, as he usually has no real need to go to this part of the city; but he is surprised with how much it has changed.
	After walking down several dozen blocks and entering the city's southern zone, UDGD sees some peculiar people walking about the richest of Liuil's four quarters. They are each outfitted in their own shiny, advanced-looking suits of armor, complete with admittedly cool plate helmets. UDGD looks at them in with an angry, but impressed expression. Their heads, their faces, without concave or convex of any kind, are exactly like what he’s seen of IMRM. The only difference with these people is that they are of just about every shape and size, with very human-like frames. The cloaked IMRM looks roughly in the shape of a human, that UDGD presumes he is of some other humanoid race; perhaps he’s an elf, one that isn't a sissy little baby wimp like most of them.
	Mr. Honkers and IMRM continue along as if there is nothing wrong with a bunch of shining, faceless soldiers of some group rushing around with the weird boardy, stick things that they carry around on their backs. He would ask his two companions who they are, why they're here, and why it seems that everyone in the southern part of the city is afraid of them, but UDGD is a man of pride, and it would be hurt if he were to lower his badass levels for just a moment to learn something new.
	The group weaves through the wealthy crowds for only a small moment until the city's space gate comes into view, guarded astutely by more of these men and women (judging by a few of the figures) dressed in their identical suits of armor. In front of them is a long line of people, each waiting for their turn to use the gate after having their use and intention of travel recorded by one of the more important-looking soldiers standing next to the gate. As expected, Mr. Honkers leads the others into the line to wait, but has trouble waiting in line himself.
	“Ugh, who do these noobs think they are?! Don't they realize how much more important I am than these scrubs?” he complains with his squeal of a voice. UDGD doesn't really care all that much about waiting in line, he doubts anyone else has a map like his own, or a map reader than knows where it is. Thinking on it, he can only imagine the power he would receive; not even the #1 mercenary could stop him.
	During the wait, IMRM proves to be far more patient than his short accomplice, who began sighing as loudly as he can every few seconds. The UDGD finds this quite manly and approvable, and considers IMRM all the more badass for it. After about five minutes in line their turn has come, in which they are confronted by who UDGD presumes is a higher-ranking officer of the armored people.
	“Please present your identifications,” the armored man asks. His voice is strange, as if the man was breathing in while he was talking. UDGD has never heard the feedback from a helmet-bound mic before, so obviously he would be a bit confused by the sound of the static. Mr. Honkers eagerly hands the man his identification and IMRM does the same. Once it becomes UDGD's turn, it becomes apparent that he’ll have to deal with this. The armored man looks over UDGD, and waits just a moment for him to pull out his identification card. When UDGD takes nothing out, the officer can take a fair guess about his situation.
	“Pardon me, sir; have you been registered with the O.E.L. yet?” the man asks. UDGD frowns.
	“No, and I don't think that's gonna' be necessary,” UDGD says, attempting intimidation. Mr. Honkers laughs, but the soldier does not seem all that amused, not that one could see the expression of his face under his helmet, or anything.
	“Sir, it is perfectly necessary. The Omniverse Expeditionary Librarium has jurisdiction over 70% of the known Omniverse's space gate technology, and the Librarium must keep track of who is going where and for how long. Registration will only take a moment, and will cost you nothing,” the man says, with a tone of perfect respect in his voice. UDGD stares down the man a moment, not sure where on the face-plate he should be looking at to presume eye-contact, and shrugs.
	“Yeah, okay.”
	“Excellent, please step aside to the registration center,” the man says as he gestures over to a desk near the space gate with a man in the same kind of armor as the others, sitting patiently. UDGD nods, and walks over to the desk. As he walks over to the registration service desk, the soldier at the gate turns back to Mr. Honkers and IMRM.
	“I'm sorry, but you're going to have to wait for the other member of your party to finish registration, and then you will be re-inserted towards the front of the line, as long as both of you stay present,” the man says to the two. Mr. Honkers sighs, as if waiting five minutes to travel between dimensions were a huge pain, and crosses his arms hesitantly.
	At the desk, UDGD looks down at the registrar, who promptly addresses the new “imperialistic gain” of the O.E.L. .
	“Hello there. You wish to register with the O.E.L., I presume?” the armor-bound, concealed man asks. UDGD smirks.
	“Do I have a choice?” he responds. The man laughs as if UDGD were joking with him, and takes out a sheet of paper.
	“Alrighty then. I'm going to ask you a series of questions which you must answer as truthfully as possible. Are you ready to begin?” the man asks UDGD as he takes out a pen. UDGD looks at the guy as if he had just came out of the sissyness closet.
	“Yeah, whatever,” he says with perfect apathy to the non-manliness of the current situation. Answering questions is totally unmanly- everyone knows.
	“Excellent. Alrighty then. Technical name?” UDGD sighs hearing the man ask this.
	“Rick Durenor.”
	“Preferred name?”
	“... Death.” UDGD crosses his arms and turns away with a snort of air from his nostrils. The officer conceals a scoff under his breath before posing his next question, making UDGD even angrier.
	“Age?” The officer asks.
	“Thirty Five,” UDGD says. 
	“Race?”
	“Human.”
	“Eye color?”	
	“Black.”
	“Skin Color?”
	“Black.”
	“Please be more clear. We have strict policies about this considering the O.E.L. has discovered more than a thousand body-colors for sentient beings.” 
	“Uh, not darkness black. Sort of, ya’ know, coal black,” UDGD answers, embarrassed to be more specific. The O.E.L. operative looks him over a little, and hums.
	“I’ll just put you down as color #5,032: Deep ashen seduction.”
	“What the fu-”
	“Sorry sir, I thought you had scanned your skin-color before to find out the number and name,” the officer explains as he fiddles his pen across UDGD’s entry form with mechanical precision.
	“What the hell is scanni-” 
	“Marital status?” The officer cuts.
	“... Divorced.”
	“Height?”
	“… Average?”
	“Eh, no sir. I need your precise height,” the man stops. UDGD is a bit set aback by the requirement, as he has no idea how to know his exact height. The soldier behind the desk smiles inside his helmet.
	“Alrighty then. Please step over to the ruler next to the desk, and after that you might as well step on the scale pad while you're at it,” the man leads.
	The next ten minutes are filled with questions and measurements of real life-things until the registrar has all that he needs to be able to identify UDGD in case he turns out to be a terrorist to the Librarium. The man then uses a strange machine to print out a card with UDGD's face on it, complete with his very own I.D. number. The stoic warrior of skulls doesn't really mind being labeled, because he’s sure even if they did use his information against him, it would be in some stupid, sissy way.. 
All things taken care of, UDGD returns to his group, and the officer at the space gate proceeds to ask them his own questions.
	“Okay, looks like you're good to go as far as I.D.'s go. What is your destination?” The man asks. After a short pause from the three, IMRM decides to answer for the two, who have apparently forgotten.
	“Subspace realm zone number 7769892, Crimson Kingdom space gate is our destination,” IMRM explains, causing UDGD to raise a brow. Is this guy hiding a dictionary or something?
	The officer nods, and writes the information down as an assistant configures the space gate to lead to the requested location.
	“Business?”
	“Searching for a-”
	“Sex-tourism,” Mr. Honkers interrupts his tall companion. The official drops his pen and stumbles to catch it.
	“Terribly sorry about that... What is your reason for going again?” the surprised man asks, making sure that he heard the short, funny man correctly.
	“You heard me, noob! We're going there for sex-tourism!” Mr. Honkers claims. UDGD respects that Mr. Honkers would want to keep their goal a secret, but the way he is going about doing it is... not the way he would prefer. The officer is quiet a moment and shrugs.
	“Uh, okay then. Alright, and time of stay?”
	“One month,” Mr. Honkers again says with little consideration. The man writes that down as well, and looks up to the group.
	“Okie-dokie. Looks like you're ready to go. Just step into the gate there and enjoy your... trip. Rondi as the highest,” the soldier says in a weak-sounding, unmanly voice that UDGD thinks could do with a couple shots of knife-whiskey.
	“Thank you, Rondi as the highest,”
	“Thanks,”
	“See ya’, no-faced nerd,” the three say in their own respective manners. They finally enter the space gate, traveling through a wound of the Omniverse to their destination.

	 
	CHAPTER FIVE: WELCOME TO THE WASTELAND! WE GOT FUN N' GAMES!
	The trio consisting of two badass dudes and one less-than-badass, exit the space gate in subspace zone #7769892’s kingdom of manly barbarians, deadly dragons, and people wearing much less than they should; The Crimson Kingdom, Crimland. UDGD feels sickened to have jumped through space like this, but keeps his manly cool for the sake of appearences. The three upon exiting the gate are looked over by several O.E.L. guards, making sure that all of them are registered and upstanding civilians. They go past without difficulty and walk into the broad, blood-stained streets of the Crimson Kingdom.
	The kingdom, UDGD sees, is a seriously manly place, and is totally worth caring about. Lining the streets are awesome, busy people, most of them at least 50% drenched in the blood of other people, instead of the usual 2% that UDGD is used to seeing. Dragons fly through the sky, and people are fighting to the death all around him. There are several weaklings scrambling about, screaming at the top of their lungs to the degree that UDGD can see inside of their gross weakling nostrils. It is a most wholesome, manly sight. Upon further observance, it seems that everyone along the streets have special-looking armbands, of the colors either sanguine red or darkest black, and the people who are fighting in the streets seem to only be engaging other people with differing-colored bands. UDGD almost smiles at the glorious sight, but guesses that smiling probably wouldn't be a very good idea here.
	“The location on the map should be towards the east. Are you both ready for a long walk? It will likely take us a few days,” IMRM states as he points softly in the eastern direction.
	“Yeah,” UDGD says, ready to start killing things.
	“Eheh, of course not, you noob-star. I skipped breakfast just to get here on time!” Mr. Honkers says along with cool crossing of the arms. UDGD frowns intensely.
	“You were already late, and ‘sides, it's lunch now,” the blackened Axeman grunts, scanning the crowds with his direct, manly gaze. Mr. Honkers chuckles obnoxiously.
	“Well, Mr. Literal, let's get lunch then!” the short one says to the broad one as he points to a nearby tavern. UDGD sighs and nods.
	“Fine,” UDGD responds, rolling his eyes with so much bone-cracking strength, that one would almost believe he could kill a person with his pupils.
	The group enters a smelly tavern by the humble name of “The Killer Xtreme Bloody Death Butthole Tearer-Outer Inn” and each member takes a seat at the bar, covered with at least fourteen layers of gore. A large orc with a pair of jaws about as large as a shark's, looks over the humans with a pair of grimy, bloodshot eyes.
	“What'll ya have?” the orc says with an unnervingly-hungry stare accompanying his grisly tone. Mr. Honkers is the first to speak.
	“I'll have a bowl of Black-White luckies with some-” Mr. Honkers is interrupted by the outlandish-sounding laugh of the orc, so loud that even the manly smooth bass players stop their lamenting inside the tavern. Everyone quiets down and looks toward the three peculiar men sitting in front of the muscular orc.
	“We dun serve breakfast cereal here,” the large, greenish-brown orc says as he reveals his tangled mess of fangs in the fashion of a grin. The other men in the tavern laugh condescendingly, hearing the non-manly weakling, Mr. Honkers, request something so pathetically lame. UDGD nudges Mr. Honkers to stop being such a tool, but it's too late. Already many of the men in the tavern have laid hands on their weapons to brutally murder the manliness intruder; that is, Mr. Honkers, who is totally intruding upon their manliness. UDGD, feeling the dark intentions of the bar filled with barbarians, looks over his soon-to-be-opponents with speed and skill.
	The entire group consists of long, messy-bearded barbarians, all of them using either axes, broad swords, or their bare fists. UDGD appreciates the manliness of these angry, smelly men, but not enough to simply allow them to kill his comrade, as lame as he is- he is currently necessary.
	UDGD stands up and turns to the group, totaling about twenty seven, and reaches around his back to retrieve his axe.
	“Hey,” UDGD says with a badass tone. The men address the Axeman with their eyes. “Don't hurt 'em, he's mine,” UDGD says, communicating something very different with his onyx gaze. If one were skilled in the craft of translating the eye language, his message would be more along the lines of: “Come here and try. I'll tear off your arms.” The men recognize UDGD's ocular message more than his words, and draw their blades. IMRM, not needing to turn his head to see what is happening, reaches inside his cloak to his dimensional sheath. The orc steps back and grabs himself a drink to enjoy while he watches the warriors destroy one another. One particularly manly barbarian with arms the size of tree trunks smiles, revealing his rotten teeth, crawling with worms.
	“I dun think that'll be happenin' for ya', friend,” the large man says as he takes out his own axe. UDGD frowns, and tightens his grip on his axe.
	“WAIT, RETARDS!” yells a boisterous, radical voice. Looking toward a corner of the tavern, everyone can see a hulking man sitting by himself, with several emptied mugs of mead sitting on his table.
	With a large, stupid grin and long, waving brown hair, the shirtless, red-tanned, incredibly-muscular man takes a stand. Around his back is the largest broadsword UDGD has ever laid eyes on, having to weigh at least two hundred kilos. Encompassing his arm is a sanguine-red band, stretched and worn after a long time of wear. His intense, piecing gaze and angled facial features give him an air of elegance that would, if he were not smiling in such a ridiculous manner, might make him look like someone worth listening to. He clears his throat, and continues. 
	“MURDERING SOMEONE JUST BECAUSE THEY AREN'T THE SAME KIND OF MANLY AS YOU? FOR SHAME, DICKWEEDS!” The man yells at the top of his lungs with the same laughable grin. The manliest man in the mob frowns.
	“How dare you! There's only one kind of manly, and this guy is not it! He should die for bringing his sissyness in here!” The barbarian man argues vehemently.
	“NO WAY, YOU WHINEY BITCH. HE'S OBVIOUSLY FROM ANOTHER DIMENSION, SO OBVIOUSLY HE'S JUST THEIR KIND OF MANLY!“
	“S-shut up! That doesn't make any sense!” The barbarian spits.
	“HELL YEAH, IT DOES. IF YOU WERN'T SUCH A PUSSY YOU WOULD'VE NOTICED IT THE MOMENT HE WALKED IN! LOOK AT HIS TWO COMPANIONS. YOU CAN SEE THE MANLINESS RADIATING OFF OF THEM AS WELL, CAN'T YOU?”
	“Well, u-”
	“THAT'S THEIR BURNING MANLY SPIRITS, COLLIDING AND CHARRING ONE-ANOTHER WITH THEIR BLAZING CAMARADERIE!” The tall man yells victoriously as he steps forward. The foolish barbarians have had about enough of this guy's ramblings.
	“Shut up!”
	“Idiot.”
	“Enough from ya’!” several voices chime in to silence the shirtless man. The man laughs as if this was all just a joke, and then intensifies his gaze.
	“IF YOU HAVE A PROBLEM WITH IT, JUST TRY TO SILENCE ME! WE'LL SEE WHO DESERVES TO TALK!” The man challenges to the group as he walks near UDGD and his comrades in a manner as if they've known each-other for a long time. The twenty seven men grin and agree with various cheers and sneers. 

	ENGAGE!

	The front-most barbarian, a young lad, leaps forward and swings downward with his axe. In the blink of an eye the boy is lacerated and disarmed with Xtreme efficiency by IMRM, chopped through the skull by UDGD, and impaled with hysterical strength by the mysterious man without armor. Blood spurts profusely as all three pull their weapons out, looking up to the enraged group of barbarians.
	The first group of men race forward, letting down their weapons with manly speed. IMRM disables the weight of their strikes with several thrusts with the blade of his scythe, and plows through pair after pair of hands.
	UDGD and Stranger (as will be the shirtless man's title until further notice), retaliate with skilled strikes to the bodies of their foes. Mortal crimson sprays about wildly as wave after wave of men come at them, each being met with an incredibly quick and manly death.
	The orc, watching the display, thinks it looks awfully a lot like a bunch of barbarians running into a giant lawnmower of Xtreme death and destruction.
	UDGD is deeply impressed with Stranger. He fights with such brutality and even more risky force than he does- as if he were a comparable man. As Mr. Honkers fiddles around with his little device trying to make it work, the three slay the crowd until only two more warriors remain. The moment IMRM tears the weaponry from their hands with his scythe, UDGD dashes up, lops off the meaty arm of one of the warriors, and smashes him in the face with his own disembodied arm. The other warrior draws back to run away, but not before Stranger drives his enormous blade through the man's chest, turning it, churning the organs into a blend, and then tearing it out with jagged, incredibly messy results as the man's blood splatters about like a hydrant. Honkers shrugs, and puts away the device..
	VICTORY!
	The inn has been painted in a fresh coat of blood red, and the orc bartender quite appreciates it.
	With a jovial laugh, Stranger stretches his recently worked muscles and wipes back his hair, drenched crimson due to the massive amounts of blood he has been splattered with.
	“NOW THAT'S A GOOD AFTERNOON FIGHT. AM I RIGHT?!” he yells with a wide, friendly grin. 
	“Uh, yeah,” UDGD says, wiping the blood of five different people from his face.
	“Pffft, I've had it worse. These guys were scrubs in comparison to the things I've dealt with,” Mr. Honkers states himself, leaning back in forth in his chair like a child. IMRM simply nods that this fight was crazier than most, as he has rarely engaged any more than five enemies at a single time. Stranger laughs, sheathes his four-foot-seven blade and presents his hand in greeting.
	“THEY CALL ME SUPER INSANE SWORDSMAN THAT YELLS A LOT. IT'S A PLEASURE TO MEET YA’!” he says, extending a large hand in invitation to shake.
IMRM is the only one of the three that makes the comparison, but “Super Insane Swordsman that Yells” can be shortened to “SISY”- let’s call him that, Reader.
UDGD pauses a moment, looking at the man's hand, and shakes it.
	“They call me Ultra Death Graveman Death Death Death. There’s three ‘Deaths’ in the name because you’re more likely t’die by my hand than any other, though 'Death' would work fine.”
	“My name is Mr. Honkers. Unbelievably cool, I know.”
	“Apparently my title is Insanely Masculine Robot Man. It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance,” the three of them introduce.
	“VERY COOL, FRIENDS, VERY COOL! WOULD YOU MIND IF I BOUGHT YOU FELLAS A DRINK?” SISY invites with a smile. UDGD looks over to IMRM, and IMRM looks over to UDGD.
	“Only if you'll buy me the best thing on the menu too,” Mr. Honkers responds with a smooth afro-jiggle. SISY nods in an exaggerated manner, and the four again take their seats.
	“FOUR SCREAMING ALES, BUDDY!” SISY calls to the orcish bartender as he slings out a bag of sins for the drinks. The large creature quickly serves up a round of drinks to the three cool dudes and one less-than-cool dude. SISY takes a big gulp of his ale, and looks over to the men sitting to his right.
	“SO YEAH. I'VE NEVER SEEN FOLKS LIKE YOU AROUND HERE IN THE CRIMSON KINGDOM. WHERE'YA FROM? ARE YOU ONE OF THOSE OVERLORD GUYS THAT RUNS AROUND DIMENSIONS AND KILLS FOLKS?” SISY asks with a wide, stupid smile. UDGD looks over to his new acquaintance to speak, but Mr. Honkers answers first.
	“Well, noobster, we're from another dimension alright. A land of pathetic nerds that do nothing but sit in their basements and play tabletop roleplaying games all day. They have an amazing, almighty king, though, and it's me. I'm on a mighty quest to-”
	“I met these two yesterday. They agreed t’ show me the way t’ somethin’ I need,” UDGD interrupts, not wanting the idiot to tarnish his reputation in this new, manly land. SISY laughs and Mr. Honkers huffs in a most juvenile manner.
	“THAT'S GREAT! WHAT ARE YA' LOOKIN' FOR?” he asks as if they were best friends. UDGD frowns.
	“I appreciate it, but it's none of y’business,” the Axeman says, making it clear that the secret integrity of his quest for the Fountain of Testosterone is not one that can be treated lightly. SISY frowns, but in the most comical way that a person could frown in, noting more so UDGD's foul attitude, than SISY actually being offended by that attitude. Mr. Honkers nods in agreement and IMRM does not lift his gaze from his drink, staring into the depths of the flask in thought.
	“Well then, alrighty. I can take a hint,” SISY says, much quieter now feeling that his usual booming voice would be inappropriate to properly convey his message. UDGD half tilts his head as if to say “it's fine.”
	“Yeah, whatever,” he says. SISY grins. He thinks that UDGD's a pretty cool guy.
	“Cool, so, eh, where are you guys really from?” The bloodiest of the men asks the other three.
	“I haven't traveled around much, but I've been told that I'm from a subspace realm. Ya' know, the dimensional space between real dimensions? Like this place,” UDGD claims grimly as he takes a gulp from his drink. SISY nods his head and takes a gulp of his own before continuing.
	“I haven't traveled around dimensions much either. It all seemed sort of beyond me. I mean, who the hell really does that sort of stuff?” The long-haired swordsman states with a shrug. Mr. Honkers looks offended.
	“Pfft, I do, you scrub! You would have known that if you were important, like me!” the short, brown man states, raising his goggles just a moment to reveal a pair of angry, peculiarly-shaped eyes.
	“Hmm, I'm not important, eh? Say, Death; does this guy call folks names often?”
	“All the time,” UDGD answers.
	“Well, I 'spose that's fine. I've been called worse things than “unimportant” for sure. But that aside, where are you from;... Mr. Honkers, right?” SISY asks with a friendly smile. Mr. Honkers smiles in turn.
	“I'm from the greatest dimension of all time, of course. I am its king, obviously, and I have infinite girlfriends to--”
	“The two of us are from the same dimension that the O.E.L. are from: Dimension #1,” IMRM interrupts. UDGD and SISY each raise a brow in intrigue. If their dimension is #1, then these two must actually be seriously strong. What UDGD and SISY misunderstand is that a dimension's number does not correspond to how powerful its inhabitants are in comparison to those of other dimensions, but the order in which dimensions were discovered and registered by the Omniverse Expeditionary Librarium, or O.E.L. -- It only makes sense that the people registering dimensions would want theirs to be the first. 
	As the Reader is obviously dying for a history lesson, the narrator will gladly oblige them.

	 
	CHAPTER SIX: BORING STUFF THAT SHOULD ONLY BE READ IF THE READER CARES AT ALL ABOUT THE OMNIVERSE AND ITS CURRENT STATUS
	Inter-dimensional travel has existed for as long as there has been magic to do so, but not until the advent of magic-technology (that is, mass-produced magically-charged items), had anyone ever set out to catalog dimensions on a broad scale. The O.E.L. was founded in what is now called Dimension #1, and has since gained a reputation as the military, scientific, and cultural center of the Omniverse. It is a highly ambitious association of people, and these people took the task upon themselves to not only discover all that exists in the Omniverse, but to conquer it all as well. Of course, not all places are as weak militarily as subspace realms and lesser dimensions.
	Take dimension #13 for example. While the O.E.L. would love to own it and use its resources to aid the efforts of its conquests, there is, as sources say, an impossibly-nasty Overlord that lives there and rampages through cities filled with knights trained in high-level magics. While the O.E.L. has reached a point of scientific sophistication to manufacture its own automatic firearms, this Overlord creature seems quite impervious to such technology, and as such, the association has decided to put off the dimension's conquest until a later time. After all, there are so many dimensions to explore, so spending that much effort just to get into one seems awfully counter-productive to the O.E.L.. That aside, very few dimensions actually care much about being “conquered” by the O.E.L., and it is often considered more of a business partnership than anything. In the usual case, the O.E.L. simply walks in, points guns at people, and gets the leaders to sign several contracts, allowing the O.E.L. to control all space-gate-related or otherwise significant technology in the country's possession. The country keeps its culture, its people, and its motives, with only one rule: Don't screw with your elusive rulers, the O.E.L..
	As it currently stands, there has not been a single dimension, or country within a dimension, that has given the O.E.L. as hard a time as Dimension #13, the said dimension that contains the “High Overlord,” Chaos, an incredibly powerful bastard by any standards. He is the primary reason as to why the O.E.L. have not stepped foot (officially) into the dimension, but there is talk of this changing soon, as there are rumors that the O.E.L. are now developing dimension-altering weaponry, technology that not even this Overlord could stand against.
	I hope the Reader has enjoyed this short history lesson about the current status of the Omniverse and its people. Remember that you, the Reader, too can do your part in aiding the O.E.L. should they come by your dimension in need of assistance. Compliance is readily rewarded with official positions if in the case that the O.E.L. imposes a new governmental system upon your dimension, so it would be wise to be courteous and helpful to any member of their association. Of course, in the slight exception that it is Overlord Chaos who is reading this, he would be suggested to promptly tear off their limbs and throw them all in hell for the sake of the rest of us. Now then, let’s continue.

	 
	CHAPTER SEVEN: THAT'S HOW IT IS, YOU NERD!
	SISY nods in approval to Mr. Honker's answer.
	“That's pretty sweet, never thought I'd see someone so important,” SISY says in a half-joking tone. Mr. Honkers takes it as a complete compliment, and sways his afro in the form of a nod.
	“Glad to see you properly appreciate the company you're in,” the short, badly-dressed man says with a condescending smile. SISY laughs.
	“Right. So, if ya' don't mind me asking, can I come with you to do... whatever you're doing?” SISY asks the three of them. UDGD looks over to IMRM, and IMRM looks over to UDGD, and then to SISY.
	“Is there any particular reason why you would like to come with us?” the tall, cloaked IMRM asks to the slightly shorter than him, more muscular man. SISY chuckles as he scratches his chin.
	“Well, to be super honest, I don't really have anywhere t'go. You see, I'm sort of wanted by the authorities here,” SISY confides with an embarrassed smile.
	“Might I ask for what?” IMRM questions.
	“Thanks, but I’d rather not say... it wasn’t all that bad though, I promise.” SISY says. The bartender, as if struck with realization, spits out his drink and promptly looks away from the four to act as if he’s heard nothing. UDGD hums with suspicion in a manly, grave tone; this guy looks like bad news. “So, ya' see, I'm sorta' in a bind,” SISY admits with an honest expression. UDGD looks at the other two in his group, and looks back to SISY; all without turning his head.
	“One sec,” the Axeman says as he motions Mr. Honkers and IMRM into a pow-wow lean. SISY nods.
	UDGD looks at the other two, and the other two at him.
	“We shouldn't take ‘em. I don't feel like it's right to dishonor someone so manly, but I'm not allowing you two to bring him along because what I-... what we're looking for is too important. Got it?” UDGD says in a seriously oppressive tone. Mr. Honkers scoffs.
	“Naw, we're bringing this dweeb. He obviously appreciates my awesomeness, so I'm not leaving it up to you, you nerd,” the short man says in a way that would be sorta cool if his voice did not sound as pathetically stupid as it does. UDGD scowls deeply, and looks over to IMRM.
	“I am personally indifferent in this matter, but I am inclined to agree with Mr. Honkers. Terribly sorry, Mr. Death,” IMRM says, as if Mr. Honker's opinion is more like a law of nature than simply an opinion. UDGD sighs deeply, knowing that he requires IMRM to lead him to the treasure, and as such, requires Mr. Honkers, who IMRM is apparently some sort of slave to. UDGD is beginning to seriously reconsider the manliness levels of IMRM. Could it be that he's actually just a sissy that can fight well, like Heart Tearer Outer? For now, UDGD decides to tolerate this and go with the flow-- he can kill them all later if he ever needs to.
	“Yeah, fine,” UDGD says with a deep, serious scowl. Mr. Honkers grins, seeing his will being followed, and IMRM nods amiably. Mr. Honkers takes the initiative to turn to SISY and let him know the news.
	“You can come with us, noob; as long as you'll be cool,” the short man says. SISY grins with a radiant smile.
	“HAHA! NOW THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKIN' 'BOUT! ARE YOU GUYS READY TO GO?” SISY yells with a victorious voice. IMRM nods and UDGD says nothing, but Mr. Honkers is still opinionated.
	“Well, actually I still haven't gotten my cereal,” he says as he hops back on his bar stool. “Hey! Barkeep! Gimmie my cereal!” Mr. Honkers demands with an almost 1/10ths manly fist slam on the table. The orc, if Mr. Honkers were alone, would seriously consider tearing the midget’s head off with his teeth, but being under the gaze of the grim, face-painted axeman, the blood-drenched, grinning swordsman, and the tall, elegant mystery, he thinks such an action would not fly well.
	“Eh, I'll make an exception,” the orc says with a wide grin, the moment before he dashes into the store room in an attempt to find some kind of food vaguely resembling breakfast cereal.

	 
	CHAPTER EIGHT: PUNCHING OLD FRIENDS IN THE FACE AND THEN PUNCHING NEW ONES IN THE FACE
	The four men, after Mr. Honkers got his fill of a bowl of long-expired Black-White Luckies, exit the tavern and head east; the direction that, according to IMRM, will lead them to the treasure. On their way down the road, strewn with the corpses of less-manly folks and silly weaklings wearing stupid hats, they march quietly. The silent trek lasts about halfway to the city's outer gates until a question lands on the mind of Mr. Honkers that he has forgotten to ask. He decides to throw his newly-found authority around, now that he knows how valuable IMRM's ability is to UDGD.
	“Yo, Death guy,” the short weakling says with a conniving smirk. UDGD sighs.
	“Yeah?” he responds.
	“You didn't tell me what we're looking for yet,” the afro-man states, expecting UDGD to let him in on the dirt. UDGD scowls with trench-like deepness.
	“I'm not gonna' tell ya 'bout it,” UDGD asserts, making sure that Mr. Honkers remembers that it was him that wanted to tag along. Mr. Honkers shrugs.
	“Fair enough, noob. I guess I'll just get robo-dork and leave then,” Mr. Honkers says, knowing his position well. UDGD sighs, rolls his eyes, and for a second, imagines how much manlier Mr. Honkers would look missing a head.
	“Yeah, fine. I'm lookin' for somethin' called the 'Fountain of Testosterone'. It's an old relic that I've been told spews out manliness,” UDGD explains, finding the idea of the fountain perfectly believable. As a spark of interest strikes in SISY’s eye, Mr. Honkers laughs with a sniveling snicker, an action that makes UDGD want to punch him in the face all the more. He would, but apparently IMRM is like his body guard servant or something.
	“The Fountain of Testosterone? Sounds pretty lame. A way-cooler name would be the ‘Fount of Honk’,” Mr. Honkers says as he nods his purple afro in approval. UDGD sighs again, getting to grips with the fact that he'll be traveling with this guy for what could be weeks, and scowls.
	“Yeah, I guess,” UDGD lies to shut up his unmanly ally.
	The three manly dudes and one less-than-manly dude continue east, until they reach the city gates, when a bass-playing guard sees them, and stops his wicked riff to approach them.
	“Hey, faggots,” the guard greets as he notices them and their foreign appearance.
	“F-faggot? How dare you, scrub! I am none other than the cooles- Ow! ” Mr. Honkers is interrupted by UDGD, shoving him in the side with his armored elbow.
	“What do ya' want?” UDGD asks the guard with his best “pissed” voice.
	“You look like you're new here. You gotta’ pay th’ leavin’ tax,” the guard says, walking up to UDGD, at staring him in the face with a respectless gaze. UDGD scowls.
	“There's a tax for leavin'?” 
	“Hell yeah there is. Now pay up a hundred or I'll tear out ya’ anus,” the guard threatens. UDGD and the rest of his companions can hear, somewhere in the background, a heavy metal accompaniment, popping up right after the black-armband-wearing guard finishes his sentence. It’s pretty manly, but UDGD is way manlier.
	“I think you're going to turn around and leave before I smash your face in,” UDGD says bluntly. The guard scoffs, and reaches for his bass-guitar, doubling as an axe.
	“So be it, dumbass,” the guard says as he brandishes his weapon. The heavy metal accompaniment in the background rises in tension, and the group can now hear electric guitars wailing madly.

	ENGAGE!

	UDGD quickly throws his fist forward with the strength of a bear, smashing the guard's face and breaking his nose. The guard didn't have much time to react to the punch, and stumbles back, caught off guard. UDGD follows up with diving back into the guard's personal space and delivering several more face-crunching, boner-destroying punches. Blood spurts forth from the guard's face and all over UDGD's gauntlets as the Grim Axeman continues his brutal assault. After five more strikes, the guard, face totally blinded with blood, falls on the ground in shock and confusion. He attempts to mutter something, but the massive amounts of blood spewing from his broken, twisted mouth turn his words into incoherent blubbering. UDGD kicks the man to his side, facing him upwards, and then lets down his boot into his face, crushing it completely in an explosion of bloody glory. Guitars wail wildly as UDGD pulls his foot out of where the guard's face used to be, cranial essence trailed onto his armored boot. Lifting his leg out of the mortal, bloody wreckage, UDGD spits on the corpse of his fallen foe.

	VICTORY!

	“Bitch,” UDGD stabs unexcitedly as he scrapes the guard's pink, veiny brains from his boot.
	“HAHA! GOOD JOB THERE! N-NOW LET'S GO LOOK FOR THE OTHERS SO WE CAN FIGHT THEM TOO!” SISY suggests, reverting back to his loud, jolly, violent self now that he's seen someone get their face smashed in.
	“Naw, we gotta' go find the fountain. There'll be plenty of time to fight on the way,” UDGD says, nodding the others along. SISY shrugs, a tad disappointed, but still goes along with the others out of the gate, as he has little choice in the matter.
	The four get moving out of the gate and out of the city, walking into the barren lands of Easteros, which, for the Reader's information, is way more hardcore than the place to the West with a similar name; which is filled with whiny royal brats and dumb people having sex and handicapping children by pushing them out of towers. That Western place has no correlation to any other fantasy world, dear Reader- so relax.
They get only two hundred feet down the road, until IMRM is made aware of a cloaked figure dashing up behind them. He decides to alert the others.
	“Pardon me,” IMRM addresses outwardly. Everyone looks his way.
	“What is it, noob?” Mr. Honkers says, answering for the other two, who are generally too manly to speak quickly.
	“It seems that there is a person running our way from the city gates. It looks as though he will be here in a few seconds,” IMRM states, looking opposite to their direction. The three others look over and see the cloaked figure of a man, rushing up to their location. The group places their hands on their weapons and awaits the man to initiate either conversation or combat.
	“Ahh, hello there. I'm glad I found you,” the cloaked man states between breaths. UDGD squints suspiciously and examines the figure.
	The man is wearing a tattered brown cloak, reaching down to his shins. He has a hood, also part of the cape, pulled around his head and concealing his entire image, with the exception of his mouth, which is that of a light-skinned man with a light brown stubble. He lookss to be unarmed, but he more than likely has his weapon hidden under his wide cloak. UDGD gives this guy a 6/10 on the manliness scale. He would have given a 7/10 if his voice were cooler, and even an 8/10 if he were a bit bigger, but his voice is not all that cool, and he is only about the size of a regular man, so a 6/10 he'll stay for now.
	“What d'ya want?” UDGD questions, ready to blast this man to pieces with his own 10/10 manliness rating – self-proclaimed, of course.
	“Well, you see, I overheard that you guys were going to find the Fountain of Testosterone,” the man states, a sly smirk on the side of his mouth. UDGD sighs and looks over at Mr. Honkers, secretly blaming him just in case it was his fault.
	“Shit. Let me guess, you wanna come with us?”
	“Indeed I do. You see, I have wanted to go search for it for a long time, but I have heard that the trek to the area is rumored to be what kills most people, instead of the traps in the temple that contains it,” the man states, seemingly well-read on the topic of fountains that spew forth manliness.
	“Yeah, that's great, but why would we want t' take you along?” UDGD grunt as he crosses his arms.
	“Because I have this,” the man says, reaching into his cloak. He pulls out a crimson gem, tied to a chain.
	“And this is?” UDGD questions the man, interested, but not wanting to show it.
	“Yeah, you scrub! What does that even do?” Mr. Honkers adds, waving his arms around unnecessarily. The man smiles at Mr. Honkers.
	“There is a gem required to get into the temple. I'm an adventurer, you see, and for many years I have desired studying the properties of the mystical fountain. So over much studying and searching, I have located this gem and bought it for myself. I have read that it is the key to opening the doors of the temple, which are made of the manliest metal that exists, “tearoffyourfaceandlaughasyoulookforitanium,” the cloaked man states, waving the gem about by its chain.
	“That's cute. So why don't you give it to us and I'll promise not to kill you,” UDGD says, unsheathing his axe. The mysterious stranger chuckles nervously.
	“Yes, you could do that, but then you wouldn't have the words required to deactivate all of the traps in the temple,” he says.. UDGD grits his teeth intensely.
	“What makes ya' think we should trust you?”
	“Nothing, other than the fact that you couldn't get in alive without me,” the man says with a regained confidence. UDGD marches up to the man, faces so close that they can feel the breaths of one-another.
	“That a challenge?” the skull faced UDGD asks.
	“No, just a theory, result from years of research. Only one out of every hundred and fifty two people who have gone searching for it has come back alive.” 
	“Yeah? And just how many people have gone lookin' for this thing?” The man clears his throat for a moment.
	“One hundred and fifty two,” the man states.
	“Yeah? And just who might this guy be?” UDGD asks, incredibly close to biting and tearing out this guy's jugular vein. The cloaked man takes a moment to think of the nastiest person he knows of, and then it hits him.
	“Overlord Chaos,” the man says with a snide tone. Hearing this, UDGD becomes very quiet. Chaos is perhaps the most badassin' badass alive. UDGD hears a lot of rumors and stories from people who have traveled around, mostly ones about him killing entire armies by himself. If Chaos is the bar-standard to surviving this thing... UDGD hates to admit it, (so he won't,), but the reality is that he will need all the help he can get.
	There is a short pause between the two men, both staring at the other intensely. The gusting wind is the only sound that can be heard for a few seconds, and then UDGD comes up with his answer.
	“Fine, but ya' better not try anythin' funny, or I'll kill you,” the Grim Axeman warns with a deathly gaze. The cloaked man bows his head, still smiling.
	“Fair enough. It is a pleasure to join up with you, then. I go by the name of Dick Tearer Offer,” the man introduces. UDGD finds it a pretty manly sexually suggestive name, this guy has just been upped to a 7/10. 
	“Yeah, alright. My name is Ultra Death Graveman Death Death Death, but you can just call me Death,” UDGD says boorishly. 
	“I'm Mr. Honkers, the leader of the group and lover of many women!” Mr. Honkers eagerly introduces as he thrusts his fist into the sky. 
	“HEY FRIEND, I'M SUPER INSANE SWORDSMAN THAT YELLS A LOT!” SISY introduces himself with an enormous grin on his face. The last one, IMRM, bows his head respectably.
	“Good afternoon. I am called Insanely Masculine Robot Man. I hope that this union will prove to be successful for everyone,” the taller, featureless, also-cloaked man introduces, his voice being the calmest thing for miles.
	“Ahh, excellent! So, shall we be on our way?” the cloaked man, whose title shortened would be DTO, questions as he bows to his new allies.
	“You bet. Let's do this, nerds!” Mr. Honkers says, way more excited than he should be.

	 
	CHAPTER NINE: XING THE XTREME XRIDGE OF XTREME XUNISHMENT (AKA: ODDVAR, THE FIRST)
	The group of four turned five travels onward through the barren lands, staying relatively silent with the exception of Mr. Honkers, who has been rapping about going on adventures for the past thirty minutes. The Author/Narrator refuses to transmit any of this rapping into technical dialogue, because it is very, very bad rapping, like you wouldn’t even believe, Reader. The reason why Mr. Honkers has been going on so long uninterrupted is because:
1. -SISY is enjoying it, shockingly enough, and is finding it a funny and interesting way to pass the time.
2. -DTO feels like speaking up might irritate some of his new acquaintances, so he decides to stay passively annoyed.
3. -UDGD cares, and would like him to stop, but does not care enough to tell him. He's just that cool.
4. -IMRM literally does not care, as he could be listening to a chalkboard being scraped by another chalkboard and still would be totally neutral to the sound.
	That said, Mr. Honkers has been rapping with terrible skill for far too long, and he would have continued if it were not for the fact that they are now nearing a bridge over a large chasm, with a really, really manly dude standing at the front of it.
	“Well well, looks like we've got a friend up ahead,” DTO states, having finally found an excuse to interrupt Mr. Honker's ten-minute long beat-box solo portion of his rap, which sounds far more like a cat being beaten to death with a flail made of mice on fire than anything resembling the human voice.
	“Yeah, the bridge across 'Really Angry Guys That Will Yell At You Before Tearing Your Hands Off and Beating You To Death With Them Gorge' is protected by two great Toll-Lord brothers. I hear they're both super badasses, I mean, just look at all that steam rising from that one's mouth!...Hmm but the other one doesn't look like he's here for some reason, wonder where he is,” SISY says, pointing to the Toll-Lord, about three times the size of an average man.
	The group spots another person coming towards the bridge ahead of them. From afar, the Toll-Lord looks alight with rage upon spotting this one person.
	UDGD frowns and watches intensely, wanting to see just how Xtreme this Toll-Lord is. 
	“Huh, another nerd’s crossing too,” Mr. Honkers says, pointing out what is blatantly obvious.
	“Indeed, it seems that the bridge Master is going to attend to him first. I suppose this will take only a moment before we too will be allowed across,” IMRM says.
	“Hmm, I don’t know, Insanely Masculine Robot Man. I have a feeling that he's been waiting for this guy,” SISY says in a tone more gentle than his usual.
	“Really? What makes you think that?”
	“Come on, look at his face. The Toll-Master is totally pumped! It looks like he's about to throw up lava all over him!”
	“Oh, well perhaps he will,” IMRM says, being the type of guy with a fairly open mind when it comes to possibilities. DTO lets loose a quick snicker.
	“Well, there's one way to find out. Let's watch,” DTO says, presenting a suggestion that everyone agrees with silently.
	The Toll-Lord, a huge, muscular man with pale skin, finishes his approach to the armored man, who was just harmlessly walking his way across the bridge. UDGD gives the Toll-Lord a an 8/10. He docked the Toll-Master two points because 1. he isn't keeping his manly cool, and 2. his long, blonde, thickly braided hair makes him look like a sissy little girl. Even so, an 8/10 is a good score in UDGD's book. The man the Toll-Lord confronted, however, is a different story. 
	The other figure, dressed completely in oppressive, darkened brown plate armor, looking like he has been breathed on by one-thousand manly dragons and then bathed with their blood, instantly strikes UDGD with an aura of intense badassery. The man's tall, looming stature conjures images of death incarnate to UDGD's mind – perfectly cold, perfectly manly. To add to the the armor, in the man's right-hand is a very, very large lance, jagged and hooked with angry, violent designs. Judging by how capably the armored figure carries it, UDGD presumes that he is phenomenally strong, despite his rather thin build. To augment his manliness, he is also carrying around that thick suit of armor, meaning he is most-likely not just super-strong, but badass-strong. It is not often that UDGD does this, but it is obvious that this contender is worthy. UDGD gives the man confronted by the Toll-Lord a 10/10.
	“BASTARD! ARE YOU READY TO PAY FOR WHAT YOU'VE DONE?!” the Toll-Lord screams into the face of the black-armored spear user, voice easily audible to the five from the other side of the bridge. The group can hear the faint sound of the armored figure's voice, but not well enough to make out what he is saying; everyone, that is, with the exception of IMRM, who clearly hears the figure say: “I've finished my business, and now I am crossing back. That's all, – but if ya' want me to splatte’ y’blood over this bridge again, you're free to try killin' me again. Who knows, maybe this time you'll be as lucky as y’brother.” IMRM does not let the others know of the armored figure's words, as he sees no truly tactical reason to do so; he is far more interested in observing than interacting, though he will do the latter if it is required of him. 	“YOU LITTLE PRICK! GET READY TO HAVE YOUR ASS BLASTED BACK TO YOUR RETARD DIMENSION!” the bear-sized man yells in the armored man's face. In the next moment the Toll-Lord ranges back his fist, about the size of a normal man's head, in order to smash the quiet man's face in a single blow but, as UDGD expected, the other man will not tolerate such treatment.
	In what seems like a flash of lightning, the sound of bloodletting can be heard as the two dash into one-another. The blood of the Toll-Lord sprays all over the knight, adding another layer to the crimson-brown coloration of the armor’s plating. The Toll-Master stumbles a moment, curses under his breath, and falls flat on the bridge. The armored man, seeing his fight is won, lowers his spear and continues his trek across the bridge.
	Just barely, a smirk can be seen on UDGD's face, though it is short lived and disappears just as quickly as it began.
	“Pffft, what a scroob noob. I could've killed that guy in half the time,” Mr. Honkers criticizes, crossing his arms and turning to the side in a huff of pride. UDGD was about to chastise Mr. Honkers for his stupidity, but by this time the armored-figure has finished crossing the bridge. The Grim Axeman stares with mindless, chaotic anger as he beholds the crimson knight passing by. UDGD would like to challenge this guy sometime, but as a general rule he doesn't start fights, he finishes them.
	“GOOD JOB BEATING UP THAT GUY, GUY!” SISY yells right next to the armored-figure. The Unknown Man does not answer, but instead just continues walking down the road.
	UDGD is shocked, this guy is way manlier than a man could possibly be. He must be on a completely different level, on his level! This armored guy is no simple guy, he's a badass! UDGD will have to develop an entirely new rating system, but for now, this guy is an 11/10 in manliness.
	The knight walks on, and the group turns to one-another.
	“THAT GUY WAS A TOTAL STOIC-BADASS!” SISY exclaims with a manly grin. Mr. Honkers scoffs.
	“Pffft! Now look here, you dweeb. I know it's cute and all to make people happy by classifying them as different 'kinds' of manly, but the reality is that there is only one kind of manly, and he is a total dweeb in comparison to me,” the short, chocolate colored man asserts with a shrug. SISY turns his head to Mr. Honkers, and smiles.
	“So, you're saying that you're the manliest guy around, eh?” SISY says, calming down, only to be riled up again very soon.
	“Was that not obvious from the moment you met me?”
	“Heh, yeah, of course. So I bet you'd also say that the manlier someone is, the better they are at fighting?”
	“Well, of course!”
	A grin brims across SISY's face, hearing Mr. Honkers express his stupid levels of confidence.
	“SO I BET YOU'D SAY THAT YOU'RE THE MANLIEST PERSON HERE, EH?” SISY exclaims in his usual, far-more violently-minded manner.
	UDGD quietly places his hand on his sheathed weapon, DTO casually reaches into his cloak, and IMRM, who was walking across the bridge over to the wounded man, stops in his tracks. The three of them are put under the impression that this group will not last as it is for long.
	“Of course, Scroobdoob! Who do you think I am?!” 
	“WELL THEN, I BET YOU'D ALSO SAY THAT YOU COULD BEAT ME IN A FIGHT, THEN?”
	“Yeah, Scrub! Anytime!” Mr. Honkers challenges with a smooth afro-jiggle, foretelling of his imaginary might. SISY reaches around his back to draw his hideously sized sword. 	
	“ALRIGHT THEN! LET'S SEE JUST HOW MANLY YOU ARE, YOU FAT LITTL–” 	“Gladly, Buttface! After we've found what we're looking for!” Mr. Honkers sets with a nod. SISY pauses for a moment, breathing with strenuous excitement, and then calms down, slowly setting his blade back into its sheath. The others, seeing that the blood-shedding has been averted for now, do the same. 
	“Hehe, alright then. After the fountain, then we duel,” SISY agrees, that insane, beastly look in his eye from before begins vanishing to make way for the appearance of sanity. Mr. Honkers nods again, knowing that he can beat this big nerd any day of the week.
	“Fair enough, you sissy. Shall we be on our way, then?” the shortest of the men says as he and the others turn to the bridge to cross. Looking over the bridge, UDGD, Mr. Honkers, SISY, and DTO spot IMRM, bent on-knee over the wounded Toll-Lord. Mr. Honkers sighs. The group approaches IMRM, who rises up and turns to them as they approach.
	“What are you doing, you dweeb? You always do this! Really, he always does this!” Mr. Honkers says, half way speaking to the others as if to explain his companion's strange behavior. IMRM tilts his head to the side just a bit.
	“This man's life signs were very weak. I think he would have died if I didn't patch him up,” IMRM claims, somehow able to tell if someone is close to dying.
	“Whatever, dweeb. You really gotta' stop being so unmanly.”
	“This man is not expressly our foe. I see no reason not to help him.”
	“Don't be a dweeb, dweeb. Why would you help some random dying guy?”
	“I suppose life is something worth preserving.”
	“Yeah!? Well stop it. It looks dumb,” Mr. Honkers says, correcting IMRM as if he were a child. IMRM looks to the chasm, looks to the sky, and then back at Mr. Honkers.
	“I see,” he says simply. The two are silent for a moment, and Mr. Honkers sighs.
	“Whatever. Are you guys ready to go?” the short, chocolate-colored man questions. The group nods and agrees in their own specific manners, and they press on to cross the bridge.
As they make their way across, UDGD notices the downed Toll-Lord. All his wounds are gone.

	 
	CHAPTER TEN: THE SWAMP OF SWEAT, FIRE AND HAVING ONE'S INTERNAL ORGANS DIGESTED BY SPIDER VENOM WHILE SCREAMING LIKE A TOTAL SISSY (AKA: MANLY MEN ONLY NO SISSIES ALLOWED)
	After about half an hour of walking across the blasted and blood-splattered wastelands of the Crimson Kingdom, the group of mostly-manly men reach a ravine, led into by their current road. The path begins to curve upwards, and proves to be a steady, exhausting climb for the group, with the exception of IMRM and SISY, as one is in incredible shape, and the other is simply designed to be superior. Mr. Honkers, the vocal one among the five, whines incessantly, and eventually demands to take a break. The others disagree, and as it happens, IMRM offers to carry Mr. Honkers, who after justifying his condition with a pathetic excuse having to do with his huge non-existent muscles, agrees. This unpleasant uphill climb goes on for about ten minutes until the group reaches the peak of the ravine, in which they can see spanning out in front of them is a great mass of dismally-colored trees, stretching as far as one's eye can see. 
	“HEY, PRETTY COOL, RIGHT?” SISY exclaims in admiration of the view as he folds his arms in awe.
	“Yeah, whatever,” UDGD says, as the Subspace Orchestra plays a soft, breathtaking harmony, that would fit the action of overlooking a giant area fairly well. UDGD scowls at the sound of the beautiful music; he can't let the others know that he appreciates something as refined as the classical genre.
	“Heh! That wasn't so bad! You guys really should stop being such noobs and try tricking people into carrying you around also!” Mr. Honkers criticizes with a smirk; somehow still panting from the exercise he made fifteen minutes prior. The others ignore his comment and move on, having learned fairly well by now that arguing or defending oneself against him with words is practically useless, as Mr. Honkers seems to use a very specialized form of logic that few others are quite rich enough to share with him.
	“Yes, this view is marvelous. Great. Are you guys ready to go?” DTO says. Mr. Honkers nods and says “Of course.” IMRM is silent. SISY nods quickly and strongly, clearly conveying his agreement, and UDGD just says “Yeah.” The group begins their descent into the great Eastern swamp. The trip down proves to be far less challenging on the group than the one upwards, and only takes a fraction of the time. By the time they get below the tree line, the atmosphere completely changes.
	A swelling, humid heat overtakes the group, as if they were being enveloped in a blanket of moisture and warmth. The thick canopy of the swampy trees lets barely any light through, entirely trapping the swamp in a sort of twilight; not the stupid kind with sparkling sissy vampires who are unable to properly convey romantic emotions to underage females, the normal, light-level-related kind. The group is greeted by a chorus of chirping, buzzing insects, incessantly screeching and warning the group of the intensely-high manliness-level-requirement for this place. Most striking to the group, however, is the total change in the Subspace Orchestra's mood. Droning with outlandish-sounding, hypnotic power is a group of didgeridoos, accompanied by a low-toned banjo, serving as the only hint of form and order in the music. It is obvious from this change of musical spirit that this swamp is even manlier than your typical manly swamp, as it is playing these low toned instruments instead of a reverberant cello, which is what the Subspace Orchestra tends to use for most manly swamps.
	Making note of these factors, UDGD realizes that the place they have just entered is definitely way manlier than the bleak wasteland, and that it probably contains super-manly foes to kill.
	“WELL DAMN! THESE BUGS ARE LOUD!” SISY yells with a grin, now totally-pumped for an awesome swamp fight. The others acknowledge him, communicating: “Yes, thank you, Sir. Obvious,” and press onward.
	“So, Robo-Dork,” Mr. Honkers addresses to IMRM, who is holding him up on his shoulders. 
	“Yes?” IMRM says.
	“We're almost there, right?”
	“No, sorry. I estimate that, considering our current speed and the distance we still have to go, our trip to our destination should take about two-to-three days,” IMRM says capably and calmly, as if he were expecting to make this trip for years. Mr. Honkers looses an epic groan, sounding like an angry cat in a cage being slowly lowered into a pool filled with water, as inappropriately-cheerful music plays. DTO smirks under his hood, glad to hear that Mr. Honkers is not enjoying this commitment in the slightest. It is not so much that DTO dislikes the little guy or any– wait no, that's exactly what it is.
	“Three days?! How will we survive?!” the short man whines over the insects.
	“I am capable of food procurement in every biome that we will encounter. Food will be no problem,” IMRM states.
	“Psssh, whatever... Scrub!” is the last thing that Mr. Honkers says for the next several minutes.
	Time passes, and the bugs only increase in their irritating intensity of noise. However obvious it is, it takes a few minutes for UDGD to realize just how loud these stupid insects are. As the group trudges through the deep, swampy swamp, the legions of bugs go on and on like a bunch of stupid unmanly sissies. Several more minutes of walking (or being carried, for Mr. Honkers) pass, and UDGD feels as if he’s now hearing things. Among the choruses of insects, he feels he can also hear them speak, as if they were all saying “Hey, bitches, you've come to the wrong fucking neighborhood.” UDGD would, in all honesty, love to punch each of these stupid bugs in their stupid bug faces, but he doesn't have the time to smash each of the swamp's three billion insects in the face.
	Time passes with the party moving through the sludge, and as many groups of people do while walking for long periods of time in rough, dark, rather dangerous terrain, they enter a kind of walking trance, concentrating more on navigating their way through the marsh than anything else. The group for the most part loses track of time, with the exception of IMRM, who is always on top of things. However, like many things that bear no tactical interest to IMRM, he decides against letting the others know that they have been walking for forty-five minutes. However, IMRM shortly notices something that should definitely be of interest to the others.
	Somehow, the others are so busy navigating the swamp, they have neglected to notice that the insects have not only stopped chirping as a whole, but are gone, as if they are forbidden to enter this deep into the swamp. IMRM guesses because they were gradually becoming more and more quiet, that none of his comrades noticed the transition.
	“Pardon me,” IMRM says, ever so polite and thoughtful in action.
	“Eh, yeah?” DTO returns, rather glad to have a reason to speak after all the intense silence; it was spooking him out. 
	“I feel I should bring to your attention that the insects are not in this part of the swamp, as there are none to be heard.” IMRM says.
	Suddenly the group becomes aware of this reality and is broken from their trance. Quickly drawing comparisons, UDGD has realized that not only is there not a single sound in this part of the swamp, but it is also far darker, and reeks of decomposing flesh.
	“The hell? You're right,” UDGD says, noting the eerie silence in the middle of the thick marsh.
	“Big deal! What does it even matter?” Mr. Honkers questions, kicking IMRM in his cloaked back as he hangs on his shoulders.
	“WELL, MR. GENIUS, IT OBVS MEANS THAT THERE'S SOMETHING SUPER MANLY NEARBY, AND WILL TOTALLY TRY TO KILL WHATEVER GETS TOO CLOSE!” SISY says, half-mocking Mr. Honkers. The small man with purple-tinted goggles grumbles under his breath, sounding something similar to the phrase “truck poo, rub,” and then speaks up again.
	“Naw, they probably just went to go surf the net. Bugs are into that sort of lifestyle, you noob!” Mr. Honkers asserts to his own teammate. SISY looks at Mr. Honkers with an expression of interest.
	“NOW WHAT MIGHT THIS 'NET' THING BE? LIKE A SPIDER WEB?” SISY questions Mr. Honkers with a large grin. Truth is UDGD and DTO would also like to know what this “net” is. Mr. Honkers sighs, and smiles back at SISY like a parent to a child.
	“You'll find out one of these days,” the small man says, condescending gauge set at “Xtreme.” SISY shrugs, interested, but not enough so that he'd ask into it further, and looks forward.
	“Fine then, Mr. Genius. You guys ready to go on?” SISY states, ready to press on to see whether or not if there are creatures to fight. No one seems to have a problem with moving on, and as such, the group moves forward.
	The deathly, dark, dim, doomingly-dead silence becomes only more dark and dim as the group presses on, the only sanctuary of the absence of sound being their movement through the murk.
	The Reader, hearing this, may ask how it is possible that silence can become more silent, to that the Author would like to remind the Reader that this is subspace, the space between true dimensional spaces, so the lines of reality to which the Reader (should he or she be from a dimension with perfectly-defined laws of physics) is likely accustomed do not fully apply. The Author would also like to remind the Reader to please be more sensitive to those who do live in subspace realms, as they can be easily offended if one were to bring up the quality and continuity of their realm. That said, please be nice, Reader; subspace folk are not all that bad of people, especially when you get to know them. 
	The Reader's insensitivity to others aside, the group pushes on through the silently-quiet swamp, until SISY, who is at the front of the group, takes one step into the real manly swamp. In the next moment, the Subspace Orchestra fires up with deep, strong bass guitars and industrial themes, smartly woven together with the previous ethnic instruments that many would think appropriate for a swamp. The orchestra blares on for several seconds, telling of the area's intense badass levels, and then cools down to retake the eerie, thick silence. It is obvious that they are in some seriously-manly waters now, and they will have to be Xtremely careful, or just Xtreme, if they want to get by alive.
	“Keep your wits about you. I know something's nearby,” DTO says, reaching into his cloak with caution. DTO has said what everyone else is thinking. The group gains a quieter, more-manly demeanor as the adrenaline begins pumping back into their beings after a long trek through the marsh. Continuing on, DTO with his hand in cloak, IMRM doing the same with his own, SISY reached behind to his sword, UDGD doing the same with his axe, and Mr. Honkers, hand on that stupid little device that he seems to think is a weapon.
	The squad moves through the muck and the mire, slowly descending into the water up to their waists, and then back up, finally to moist ground. The area is littered with gigantic spider webs, all stained a darkened crimson (use a different word aside from crimson?), and holding several brutally-mutilated corpses entwined inside them.
	“Son of a bitch,” DTO says in awe as the group takes a short pause from the walking. Mr. Honkers, as usual, is the first to comment on anything his comrade does.
	“Pffft. Only a noob would find this frightening! These spiders are all dweebs; they don't have any swag like I do,” Mr. Honkers claims, further-affirming the minds of his comrades that he is a total idiot. SISY chuckles heartily, proving to be an uplifting character in even a place as dark as this.
	“RELAX, HONKEY! I'M SURE THE-”
	“What did you call me?!” Mr. Honkers interrupts indignantly. SISY grins his usual way.
	“HONKEY. LIKE, YOU KNOW, MR. HONKERS.”
	“H-How dare you! Are you saying you can just adopt the slang I use?! How dare you!”  Mr. Honker’s inquests with a burning gaze of improperly placed anger. SISY smirks, finally discovering Mr. Honker's soft spot. 
	“OF COURSE! WE BOTH SPEAK THE SAME LANGUAGE, DON'T WE? WHY NOT SHARE THE SAME DIALECT?” 
	“B-because it's mine! It's a term of honor and intelligence, and you can't go around being a dweeb and talking like I do!”
	“YEAH? OR WHAT?”
	“O-or I'll totes smash you around and make you so – ”
	“Shut up!” UDGD interrupts the two, wanting to hear his surroundings in some sort of peace. Mr. Honkers sighs, rolls his eyes, and decides to leave this gross crime for later justice. SISY just chuckles a bit; glad he could get a laugh or two out of his ally's seriousness.
	The two argumentative men were right to have been shut up by UDGD, as they are made aware of a very-subtle bristling sound above them in the branches; it's not just in one place, either. All around them, there are the sounds of movement in the dark leaves just overhead, so subtle it would have been totally undetected if even a single natural sound was being made in the area. The group replaces their grips on their sheathed weapons and they wait eagerly. 
	After a long pause, the presences in the trees come to the understanding that they have been found out, and drop from the darkened branches. Falling down and landing with manly strength are the creators of the webs and the rulers of this vast swampy domain: The Blood-Drinking Spider Lords of Being Manly and Hiding Under Toilet Seats Waiting for The Perfect Time to Come Out and Bite You Right in The Butthole.
	The Arachnid lords are eight-foot five, weighing between 270 to 340 pounds, and have the rippled, badass muscular structures of heroes. Instead of normal human heads, lay gigantic spiders on top of the necks, eight legs spindling out in the form of eight super-beefy arms. Their gigantic, jagged maws display bloody, super-hardcore abominations of both fangs and human teeth, drooling crimson red essence. 
	“Hey, faggots. Looks like you came to the wrong fucking place to have your gay orgy,” the front spider lord says, a beastkin that goes by the name of “Enjoys Eating People While They're Still Alive Eater.”
	“Naw- we actually came here jus'ta kick your stupid spider ass,” UDGD lies, under the impression that the pre-fight banter is almost as important to victory as one's fighting skill. The leader of the lords laughs, causing the others in the group, numbering about eleven, to follow suit and share in the chuckle.
	“Yeah, whatever. Hope you faggots are ready to have your sorry asses dissolved on the inside while you die a slow, super-painful death,” the leader says as he raises his ten unbelievably-huge arms to grasp and tear at his foes. UDGD makes no physical action, he just stares the boss straight in the face.
	“Cute way t' get attention. Now come here so we c'n find out how much of a cowardly pussy you really are before I smash your head in like the stupid bug y'are,” UDGD threatens as he pulls out his axe. SISY by this time is, as expected, incredibly pumped and ready to fight, so he follows the Grim Axeman's example and draws his own weapon. The rest of the group follows along, none of them ever having fought super-beefy men with giant spiders for heads before. The Spider Lords stretch, crack their knuckles, and anything else they would do right before a meal, and then leap to engage in a simultaneously swift movement.

	ENGAGE!

	The strange beasts of the swamp gnash at UDGD, who they presume is the strongest in the group. The Spider Lord, second to the lead, seethes his fangs into UDGD's armored hands in an attempt to disarm him, but is met with the phenomenal speed of IMRM, throwing his scythe through the creature’s jaws and mangling them beyond recognition. SISY and DTO are confronted with the behind group in the same instant, each Lord reaching to pin them down and tear out their eyes. SISY, with his own brand of speed and style, brandishes his blade and meets his first spidery foe with a swift chop to the side of the head, splitting through the spider on top of the body, sending sticky, sanguine ichor flying from the impact. Amidst the sissyish squeal of the Spider Lord who just had his body opened, DTO reaches into his cloak, and withdraws a rapier that, if UDGD were to inspect it, would seem frighteningly similar to the rapier of Heart Tearer-Outer. The rapier user delivers bullet-fast movements of the right arm and wrist, deflecting attacks by striking his foes at any point where they may try to assault him or his allies. Each mistake a Spider Lord makes in their assault is met with a painful impaling to the face by DTO, who seems to have, if he were somehow HTO in disguise at least, brushed up a good deal on his speed. Mr. Honkers, like every other fight thus far, simply pulls out the device he has been keeping in his back pocket, and frantically fiddles about with it, as if he were still trying to discover how it works; sort of peculiar how he doesn’t simply learn how to operate it while they’re walking.
	UDGD swings his axe with a wide horizontal into one of the Spider Lord's spider heads, sending arachnid blood and legs flying about, but opening himself for a strike. One of the Lords takes advantage of this, and grabs UDGD with five of his arms. UDGD, one of his arms pinned, releases his axe and begins delivering maw-crushing punches into the face of his enemy, breaking every tooth and fang. The two engage in a frantic exchange of fists for only a second until IMRM, who was sending his scythe through more arms, turns to split into the Spider Lord’s body on top of UDGD. The Lord goes flying with a gurgling, blood-choked squeal, crying just long enough for UDGD to grasp his axe, turn, and behead the creature with Xtreme force.
	By this time there is only one Spider Lord remaining: The Boss. The Leader, having spent most of his time attacking in tandem with the others, realizes that this fight is lost, and points his spidery abdomen up to the trees to spin a manly rope-like thread and escape. The Xtreme force of Manly Men, however, will not have it. Just as the sticky mass flies out to pull him to safety, IMRM astutely shoves his scythe between the ascending rope and the tree above, halting his escape. DTO then sends a perfect shot of the rapier straight into the Lord's abdomen, causing the Lord to cringe in Xtreme pain and let out the exact same squeal the other Lords made when they had died a manly death. SISY follows up with a strong downward strike with his sword, strewing five of the Lord's arms, and one of his two legs. IMRM accommodates this with a similar movement, breaking the webbing instantly with his incredible strength and passing through the Lord's other limbs. The Final Spider Lord, now just a screaming, bleeding torso with a spider head on it, convulses violently in super Xtreme manly torment. UDGD sighs, walks up, and says, “Told ya',” right before he lets his foot down into his foe's face with so much force that it propels the Spider Lord's blood and organs soaring all around the area, accommodated with a loud, deep crunching sound. SISY, in intense euphoria, promptly throws up on the ground accompanied by a jovial laugh. 

	VICTORY!

	The Subspace Orchestra lets loose wailing, radical guitars in congratulation of the man force’s victory. The group takes a short pause, looking around the mortal wreckage of their foes while listening to the sadistic laughter of SISY, before UDGD turns to DTO, who has already sheathed his weapon.
	“Not bad,” UDGD says to DTO with a blank expression, presuming that he did more than his fair share of fighting, though he did not see him. DTO nods and smiles at UDGD.
	“Thanks, I try,” DTO says courteously, giving a reaction that UDGD rather expected to be fairly unmanly. SISY, who has just finished his thirty second laugh, wipes a tear of joy from his eye and turns to DTO, who was by his side the entire time.
	“WELL DAMN! I NEVER EXPECTED SOMEONE WHO USED A R – ”
	“Rape? Yeah! You bet I raped those spiders!” DTO says, cutting off SISY the moment he realized he was going to say the word “Rapier.” SISY grins, looks at DTO with a hint of curiosity, and then shrugs with a grin.
	“WHATEVER YOU SAY, FRIEND!” SISY says as he pats his friend on the shoulder. DTO smiles, nods at his companion, and let’s out the quietest sigh of relief he has in his entire life.
	“SO, THAT WAS PRETTY XTREME, RIGHT GUYS?!” SISY questions the others, who are visibly less excited than he is.
	“Yeah, I guess,”
	“I suppose it was,”
	“Whatev you say, Dweeb,”
	“Eh, yeah,” the other four respond in their own respective manners. SISY clenches his fists, and inhales with great victory, glad to be alive in such a badass land. His moment of awe is cut short, however, when Mr. Honkers decides to be, well, Mr. Honkers.
	“So yeah, now that you guys have finished watching me kill those spider nerds, how about we get something to eat? All this walking and fighting has made me pretty hungs,” Mr. Honkers says, stretching as if tired. DTO sighs, and taps his foot into the marshy ground impatiently.
	“You gotta' be kidding. We just ate,” UDGD says as he sheathes his axe, bloody gore and all. Mr. Honkers grins devilishly, and sighs.
	“Techno-nerd,” he begins with a cocky tone. 
	“Yes?”
	“I think these dweebs are not being very cooperative to my will.”
	“Oh? What would that mean?” IMRM states. 
	“Obvs, you stupid robo-dork. We should probably just go ahead and leav – ” Mr. Honkers stops his speech the moment he hears a deep, angered sigh come from UDGD.
	“Fine, do what you want,” UDGD says, pushing his hand into his face. Mr. Honkers huffs, smirks, and nods victoriously.
	“Right, No Face, grab us some munchums,” he says to IMRM, who nods and walks off elsewhere into the dark swamp. Mr. Honkers yawns, and lies down, leaving the other three to do as they please.
	“Well then, I guess we'll get to eat soon, eh?” SISY says to the other two, trying to make conversation during the rather boring wait. UDGD sighs, and nods.

	 
	CHAPTER ELEVEN: YOU BREATH FIRE? WHAT A STUPID SISSY
	After a fair meal of mushroom and fish stew for Mr. Honkers and DTO, and a good helping of swamp dirt for SISY, who probably has slightly-lower eating standards than most, the group again rises to their feet to be on their way. They trek on without difficulty for about two hours, not meeting a single soul. The illuminating light cycle begins to waiver through the trees as the last few seconds of day tick away. The group of five soon see the results of this, as the twilight of the swamp dims down to pitch-blackness. The only thing that is visible are the specks of subdued light coming out from the canopy of swamp trees, the fireflies, and the light produced from the strange device clipped on Mr. Honker's waist.
	“Well damn, it's gotten dark,” SISY says with a smile, stating the obvious, something he is a pro at doing. UDGD sighs. Stating obvious things is not very manly at all.
	“Yeah. Do you think we should turn in for the night?” DTO questions to the others, not being a fan of walking in terrifying blackness in the middle of nowhere. (Fragment without suggestion) Mr. Honkers chuckles, and is the first to answer.
	“You kidding, scrub? Only a snigglin' little snake would want to stop now! Come on, don't be a weak dweeb like No-Face here!” Mr. Honkers says atop of IMRM's shoulders, who has been carrying him around practically the entire time. DTO grumbles, too grumpy to hold character and be an agreeable person.
	“I am not a 'snigglin' little snake! And besides, you haven't even been walking!” DTO retorts, his calm composure disintegrating into sissiness. UDGD rolls his eyes, observing sissiness all around him in completely-unacceptable measures.
	“What? Of course I haven't been walking! It's not easy having super huge biceps like these, that's why IMRM carries me around, he's my... eh... carry-around guy!” Mr. Honkers says, totally justifying his reasoning with perfect flawless logic. UDGD sighs, and looks away to the darkness as the two continue their complaining and arguing; a few seconds pass of staring into the brim of darkness by their side, as manly, poorly written free-form poetry begins to overtake his mind.

Manly dark, cold as the nails in the eyes of my foes,
Where all do you lurk?
Do you hide in the deepest caverns, defended by beasts?
Do you drift in the reaches of space, pierced only by the stars and their kings?
Do you lurk in the lowest of the lands, unknown to all but the lands themselves?
Nay,
Like a punch to the face do you hold,
Living in the most unlikely of places,
Manly dark, you dwell in the blood of every living human,
That race that speaks darkness with his mouth,
And commits darkness with his hand,
Dismal,
Darkness,
Dread,
Doom,
Death,
Dismally-Dark Dreadful Dooming Death.
Aye,
Tis' blood where thee lurketh,
Be thy – 
	“Pardon me,” IMRM says, interrupting DTO and Mr. Honkers from their unmanly squabbling, and breaking UDGD out from his trance of bad manly poetry.
	“Don't interrupt me, butt-nerd-face-dork!” Mr. Honkers chastises to his tall companion.
	“My apologies, but I think it is fair to bring to your attention that there is good amount of lights ahead,” IMRM states, inserting the group back into a mode of caution.
	“Lights? I don't see any,” DTO says curiously.
	The others may not say it, but they agree completely with DTO. Not a single light is visible in the distance. It all looks like the same swampy swamp, as it has been for most of the day.
	“You must be seeing things, Insanely Masculine Robert Guy, it's all pitch black,” DTO says, deciding that IMRM is simply fatigued and is in need of rest. IMRM is quiet for a moment as he walks along with Mr. Honkers on his shoulders.
	“I see,” he says, humoring his ally's opinion, if only to be polite. A few seconds pass,; however, and the others can see a faint, flickering light in the distance. Seeing the light, DTO's thoughts become crossed between the source of the flickering, dreary flame in the distance, and how IMRM was able to see it with such clarity.
	“Wait, no, there it is,” DTO says abashedly, a bit embarrassed that he discounted his comrade's observation. Upon seeing the light in the distance, and along with that, the faint lightening of the forest that would betray the presence of more lights, a smile crosses SISY's face. 
	“Nice, I bet there's people up ahead,” he says, the thought of cutting them all in half from their torsos lucidly entersing his mind.
	“Peh! Well they must be a bunch of stupid nerdweebs, living in a swamp like this!” Mr. Honkers says, overlooking the possibility of them being awesome and manly in any way.
	“Heh, no way, Honkey. If they're living in a swamp, they're obviously – ”
	“Shut up, you Buttscrub! I told you not to call me that!”
	“Eh? No you didn't.”
	“Yes I did, Nerbscerb!”
	“What's the problem with calling you that?”
	“The problem, you dweeb? It’s pretty obvious th – ”
	“Quiet, please. They’ll hear us,” DTO says the moment Mr. Honkers begins to raise his voice over whispering volume.
	“Does it matter?” UDGD, who has little fear of most any foe, questions to DTO. The Cloaked Rapier User looks at the Grim Axemen with a bit of contempt.
	“Well I guess it depends. Do we want to fight someone without knowing who they are?” DTO questions, half seriously. 
	“Dun care much. I c'n kill almost anything,” UDGD says. SISY makes a large grin hearing his comrade say this.
	“REALLY NOW?! IS THAT A CHAL – ”
	“Shut up, dammit!” DTO chastises.
	“Yeah, scrub!”
	“You too! SON OF A BITCH! Do you even understand the concept of being qui – ”
	“Did you hear that?” A voice says off in the distance, instantly quieting DTO's reprimanding to a halt. Mr. Honkers and SISY chuckle gleefully, realizing that the person in the distance heard them because DTO was being louder than the others. DTO sighs.
	“Sorry,” DTO apologizes to the others, as the flames in the distance gather close and speak with multiple, weak sounding, feminine voices.
	“Our cover's blown, let's go say hello,” UDGD says with a tone as grim as ever. SISY nods.
	“LET'S TASTE SOME BLOOD!” SISY says, almost yelling.
	“Let's do it, scrubs. Robo-scrub, you ready?”
	“I suppose.” IMRM says, lowering his profile for a dash. 
	“But what if they're peac – ” 
	“HEY WEAKLINGS!” UDGD interrupts DTO as he rushes out of the darkened trees and forward towards the flames. The others bolt ahead, leaving DTO to slowly get to his feet in dismay, and then enter a stride to catch up.
	The group races forward up to the lights, which seem to be saying things like “Oh, shit!” or “Raiders! Get ready!” as they approach. Upon getting closer, the group can see that the lights are not just lighting for the various tree-bound huts and walkways, but in the hands of the inhabitants as well, as if they were handling the flames like everyday objects.   
	“Fire, now!” one of the men, dressed in a heavy, dirty mess of garments and cloaks yells in a sissyish voice to the others.
	Suddenly the lights in the hands of the men flare up viciously as they hurl fire towards the group.
	“Huh,” UDGD mutters, seeing the fire rush at them with intense speed.
	“THIS IS GOING TO BE AWESOME!” SISY yells in excitement.
	“Holy shit! Is that magic!?” DTO yells from farther off as he reaches around for his buckler. No one answers him, as by this time the first wave of fiery orbs hurls at the force of manly men.

	ENGAGE!

	IMRM, carrying Mr. Honkers with care, easily dodges the flames sent his way, proving to be far more agile than anyone else in the group. UDGD rushes right into a fireball and throws a punch right into it, as he swiftly draws his axe with his other arm. SISY, the one who finds the concept of “manly-suffering” the most attractive out of the group, rushes right into the flaming magic, barely caring for his own wellbeing, as he rather enjoys pain during battles. DTO, just entering the range of the fire bolts, raises his buckler with care to fend off the fire. A few seconds of dashing, dodging, punching, burning and blocking pass as the group of men reach the users of fire magic, and then the real fight begins.
	IMRM, the first to the pyromancers, was just about to rest Mr. Honkers in one arm and retrieve his scythe, when Mr. Honkers begins to kick his legs about, signaling that he wants to be put down. Such an action would be quite cute if Mr. Honkers were five years old; he is not, however, – he just acts like it. IMRM, taking bolt after bolt of fire on his body, carefully sets the small man down and reaches for his scythe. If the pyromancers were smart they would have realized that using fire on a mysterious cloaked person causes their cloak to burn off, thus making them look really, really cool. IMRM's dark cloak blazes off, revealing his body just as he pulls out his glowing edged scythe. Subspace, realizing the intense coolness of the moment, begins droning out the most “tr00 kvlt” of metal music, setting the stage for many, many slow-motion kills. UDGD would look IMRM over, but he moves quickly, and there is no time in the midst of combat.
	Scythe in hand, IMRM sweeps across the crowd in a quick motion, lacerating their hands into pathetic flaps of flesh. As their hands are broken, the fire magic they were containing in them begins to burn their insides. A chorus of screams and cries emit from the pyromancers, alerting their brethren. More exit their tree-bound homes to join in on the fight. UDGD rushes up with an under-arm strike to the chest of his first pyromancer, sending him flying up into the air as his rib cage is smashed open, sending his blood and entrails falling upon the Grim Axeman. SISY, practically ignited now, is the next to get up to the group, and meets his sword with a thrust to the face of his first foe, splitting through his teeth and out the other end. DTO is the last of them, unsure of the group’s moral choice, but certain that he needs to fit in. He eagerly meets his blade with two pyromancers, alternating on strikes. The five now assembled with Mr. Honkers, again in the middle, again fiddling with his device, again desperately trying to find out how it works.
	The pyromancers become more aggressive, drawing their weapons and engulfing them in manly flames as they leap forward to do their own share of damage. A particularly-ambitious pyromancer throws a large splash of fiery magic in the middle of the group, separating the manly group, also causing IMRM to pull Mr. Honkers out of the blast zone. At this moment, there are about four pyromancers going for each one in the team; basically meaning IMRM has to fight eight by himself.
	UDGD grasps his first one and uses him as a shield, as the other pyromancers spew torrents of fire from their hands like the breath of a dragon. With his living shield taking the flame, UDGD rushes up and smashes the second pyromancer on the side with his axe, cutting across enough to empty his entire torso of his organs. The third one squeals like a sissy in fear, terrified by the sight of his friend's quick and manly death. The pyromancer steps back to gain some distance, but not quickly enough before UDGD leaps up and smashes his axe straight into the unfortunate pyromancer's skull, cleaving deep into the collarbone and sending cranial matter flowing down the blade of his axe. Seeing the others are doing fairly well in their own fights, UDGD throws down his human shield, still alive, and watches him attempt to douse the flames on the ground. UDGD raises his axe to kill his foe, and then to exterminate the others.
	“WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING, YOU STUPID MOTHERFUCKERS?!” yells an incredibly-loud voice from across the village. UDGD and the others quit their fighting as they see in the distance more flames, but one far larger than those of the previous. UDGD lowers his axe, right into the last downed pyromancer's face and then spits on his foe's corpse before looking up at the approaching flames.
	The Subspace Orchestra begins strumming guitars viciously into a slow, angry stairway to heaven, clearly communicating to the group that they are now encountering the true manly man of the swamp. Out from the darkness, steps the leader of the great badass swamp, looking rightly displeased by the corpses of his people around him. UDGD takes this moment to look him over as he and the rest of his pyromancers approach.
	The man is dressed in the same large, heavy layers of fabrics and leathers like the others, but has a presence that is totally different. Aside from being about nine times the size of the other pyromancers, he also has two of those magic pyromanious flames in his hand, presumably meaning he can control both, and thus cast twice as fast as his underlings. As UDGD looks him over, he can faintly hear the Subspace Orchestra rise up as a choir, singing “Awwww! Awwww!” in a melodic manner, matching the guitars as they repeat the simple, brutish verse again and again. UDGD usually does not care about music, or at least that is what he would have people believe, but that aside, if the Subspace Orchestra is making a big deal about this guy, than he probably is a pretty big deal. A matter of fact, this guy is probably not just a manly man, but also a stone-cold badass. He is not certain yet, though; he'll have to watch him carefully to make sure he is worthy to be measured with such a ruler.
	“So, you stupid retard neckbeards, what the hell do you think you're doing, going and killing our damn women?” he asks, giant, finger-sized teeth lining crookedly and grinding in swamp-like wrath. The great pyromancers has two enormous scars at both sides of his mouth, wounds opening and bleeding as he talks.
	Hearing his words, half of the group is set aback in surprise, while the others don't really care all that much. DTO, among those whose sword is sexist, (or “polite”, as he would put it,) gets to his knees and inspects one of the corpses; they look perfectly masculine, even down in the nether regions – gross.
	“Eh, they're all guys,” DTO says with a confused tone. The giant pyromancer spits some blood, far across, right on DTO's mysterious hood. Apparently he always has about a cup's worth of blood in his mouth at all times, so he can do that as much as he likes.
	“Shut up, you convoluted twat – acting like you know what you're talking about. Our race has no real women. That's just the name we give to our weakest,” the Pyromanious Lord says as the Subspace Orchestra accompanies his proclamation with a sweet industrial riff of distorted guitars.
	UDGD has decided that this man is actually worthy of being measured on the badass scale for the following reasons:

-He constantly has blood in his mouth, seeping from his torn lips with every word.
-He is an advanced “offender,” using fancy words like “convoluted” and “retard” to discredit his opponents.
-He is on fire.
- His race consists of only men. 
-He is friggin' huge.
-The Subspace Orchestra is treating him like a big deal.

	From these numerous observations, UDGD deems this guy an obvious badass. The problem here is that UDGD has only met one other man (also today), that he feels is worthy of calling a badass: the blood-colored knight. To develop UDGD's new scale, he will need to compare the two and decide which one is manlier. The Grim Axeman racks his brain for a moment to decide upon who is cooler.

The Knight from the bridge is quiet and cool.
The Pyromancer is irritated and Xtreme.

	After thinking about it, UDGD comes to an astounding realization, but the implications of it are so mind-boggling that he'll need to think on it some more before coming to a conclusion. Could it be possible that they are both manly, but in different ways? Perhaps he'll just have fight this man to confirm this, as everyone who is worth their salt understands that (manliness+badassery)-sissiness=fighting prowess. Time to test this guy.

	“Oh, really? So, eh, how exactly do you guys... reproduce?” DTO asks, as if everyone were uncomfortable with talking about sex. The pyromancers laugh.
	“You Dysfunctional little butthole, we're not a bunch of faggots like you guys. WE THROW UP OUR CHILDREN!” the pyromancer yells. Suddenly all one hundred guitars in the Subspace Orchestra wail madly and baddassinly as the leader of the pyromancers gags and chokes up a body, about the size and shape of a young man. The body passing through his mouth tears open the scars wide open, displaying the high pyromancer’s gaping, crimson jaws. The body stands up and files in rank with the other pyromancers.
	“Holy shit.”
	“By Ree, THAT'S AMAZING!”
	“What a dweeb.”
	“Sick.”
	“What an interesting method of reproduction,” the five of the group all say in their own ways. The gigantic pyromancer suddenly throws up about a gallon of blood, and wipes the excess from his face.
	“See? I hope you little faggots are ready to have your buttholes seared shut with our pyromancy,” the leader of the fire magicians say to the group, small in comparison to the army of pyromancers surrounding them. UDGD huffs.
	“You think throwing up your children is manly?” UDGD says to the leader, clearly baiting him. 
	“Duh, yeah. Your race has to reproduce with the pinnacle of sissiness. Females!” the Leader says, causing the laughter of the other pyromancers around him. UDGD smirks.
	“It's a shame that you're all too stupid to get a girl to marry you. The plight of creating and raising a child without the use of cheap ass sorcery like that shit you're using is far more trying of a man. So move over, pussies, a real man’s comin’ through,” UDGD says bluntly. The pyromancers are enraged and set aback a moment as the leader thinks of a response.
	“Marriage? Ha! What a stupid pussy. Only the weak ask women to make love to them,” the Leader says to UDGD, causing another wave of jeering and agreement from the other pyromancers. Mr. Honkers nods in approval to the Lead pyromancer's stance on the matter.
	“You should listen to him, ya' dwee-”
	“Shut up,” UDGD bites coldly to Mr. Honkers. UDGD regains eye contact with the Leader. “Hell no. You talk like it's so simple, but guess the fuck what, it's not simple at all. The scale of a man's worth isn't how good they are at one thing, but how well they adapt, and if the only way you adapt is by throwing up little boys, then I gotta' say you're probably the weakest prick I've ever met. And about marriage; I won't have you talking down to wo – I – I mean marriage is one of the best ways to prove one's ability to seduce and dominate weak, stupid, inferior females. You're simply unable to, because you're a sissy,” UDGD says, slipping up and almost destroying his reputation as a manipulative, angry, stonehearted man. The Leader scowls at UDGD. You can call a man anything you want, but if you call him a sissy, you best be ready to back yourself up with your fists.
	“Oh, fuck. Are you ready to back that shit up?” the Leader asks, falling back on the weakest of swear words in a tizzy of confusion. The Leader didn't even comprehend the possibility of being called a sissy. “I'm going to fucking destroy you!” He says as his flames rage out of control. UDGD scoffs, realizing that this guy isn't all that manly. UDGD has decided, the bloody knight from the toll bridge is way manlier.
	“Anytime, bitch,” UDGD challenges, as he brandishes his axe. The other pyromancers look at their leader, who is now fuming quite literally.
	“YOU'RE A DEAD MAN! YOU, ME, RIGHT NOW!” he yells, stomping his gigantic foot into the ground with furious abandon. UDGD steps forward, and prepares to kick some major ass.
	“H-hey, Dweeb! What do you think you're doing, fighting without us?” Mr. Honkers says, speaking as if he has actually fought a day in his life. UDGD looks back at Mr. Honkers, only to say: “Just a second.”
	UDGD steps up to the Leader of the pyromancer tribe, and hardens his grip.
	“Before I tear off your balls, fry them, and shove 'em down your throat, I think we should exchange names,” the enormous Pyromancer, about eight times bigger than UDGD, says with a scowl as deep as an abyss. UDGD stares at his foe, waiting for him to tell his name first, and figures it doesn't matter much.
	“They call me Ultra Death Graveman Death Death Death. I'm th' #2 mercenary of – ”
	“Your name is all I asked for, dumbass. By the way, that name is pretty fucking gay. My name's Blaze Force Xtreme-Ray Doom Skull Crusher-While-Burning-Your-Anus-Shut Ultra Mega!” the leader exclaims with victorious wrath. The leader of the pyromancers, whose real name is “Etlan” for those curious Readers wondering, cracks his knuckles as his minions cheer. UDGD rolls his eyes, and raises his axe.

	ENGAGE!

	UDGD holds his axe high, and waits for the over-confident Etlan to make his move. Etlan rushes forward and initiates with a bone-shatteringly strong right strike to UDGD. As was the Axeman's expected outcome, he sends his axe forcefully into the arm of the pyromancer. A quick slash of boiling blood flies out from the wound, but the swing barely breaks half an inch into his arm. UDGD draws out and dodges another decimating punch from Etlan, but this time charged with fire, increasing the speed and manliness of the strike. The fist grazes the Axeman, but not enough to get through his black suit of heavy armor. The two opponents step back a moment, thinking over a strategy. Etlan underestimated UDGD's agility, just as UDGD underestimated Etlan's thick skin. Only a second passes as they rethink their techniques, and then they step forward again to ruin one-another.

	UDGD aims the next strike for the head, but still waits for the Etlan to make his own move. Etlan charges his blazing hands and lobs a few bolts of mortarous fire at his foe. UDGD calmly steps past each one as Etlan charges forward. The pyromancer leaps up and curves back his arm, preparing to punch through UDGD's skull from above. UDGD moves accordingly and reverts his stance to his highest. Quickly the axe and the fist collide, splitting through the hand of Etlan, and forcing UDGD's axe down into his own face. UDGD steps back to wipe the hot blood from his face, but not before delivering a quick jab with his armored foot to Etlan's crotch. Etlan doesn't even flinch, and continues his assault. Giving UDGD no time to recuperate, Etlan throws fist-after-fist of fiery doom towards his enemy, each one either dodged entirely, or barely grazing him. All this time, UDGD meets Etlan's fists with his axe, splitting and mangling the fingers of his hand one by one. After a couple of circles, Etlan, who has finally begun to tire, steps back as he delivers an irritated, pain racked groan.
	The two stand at odds with one another, as Etlan takes a single look at his bloodied, useless hands, and, after coughing up a bit of blood, begins to speak.
	“Relagag hal halvaindo. Halegog rol rolevaisto. Rol-” the gigantic pyromancer begins to  mutter in a grave, angered tone. UDGD raises a brow in curiosity, wondering why his enemy is suddenly being such a sissy by speaking unintelligible things. The regrettable thing is that UDGD has never heard anyone cast a spell before.
	Mr. Honkers and IMRM, unlike the three others in the group, are quite educated in the existence and use of magics that require incantations, and as such, the more vocal of the two speak up.
	“What are you doing, you stupid peck? He's casting a spell!” Mr. Honkers says with a smirk, glad to see his comrade is less intelligent than him (intelligence being used as a subjective term here). UDGD looks back at Mr. Honkers, delivering a face that asks “really?” and runs toward his foe, deciding it would be better to take the small midget's advice than die by arcane treachery. Etlan raises his voice as UDGD races forward, finishing his incantation.
	“Ragol relto!” Etlan says as he locks his eyes upon his target and inhales. UDGD leaps into the air the same moment Etlan exhales a hellfire of fury upon his opponent, instantly engulfing him in flames far hotter than the usual pyromantic variety. UDGD doesn't let up, and forces his axe through the blaze as his manly black facial hair burns off and the immense heat dries up his eyes. With exceptional strength UDGD splits through the fire and straight into the pyromancer king's greatest weak spot - his mouth. The axe smashes into his teeth, and catches into Etlan's jaw. As blood and fire fly about, Etlan shakes violently in an attempt to shake UDGD off of face. UDGD obliges by tearing the axe from his face, but only long enough for him to heave another rock-smashing strike into his skull. Etlan screams in pain, but only fire and blood comes forth in Xtreme torrents. UDGD takes Etlan's moment of hesitance and shoves his armored fingers into the large rift in his foe's skull. UDGD pulls with all of his might as Etlan punches UDGD with his bloody, bone-tangled fists. The two move around in violent, drunken battle, and UDGD finally gets a good grip. He thrusts his gauntlets deep enough to get a grasp around Etlan's brain, and pulls with all his might.
	Amidst the cheering and gasps, UDGD tears Etlan's skull open, sending blood, fire, and cranial essence spraying all about the crowd. UDGD takes his axe and leaps off his foe, thrusting him to the ground. Etlan, his head now a tangled, crimson-splattered mess of bones and brains, attempts to get back to his feet as his tongue droops freely out of where his jaw should be. UDGD raises his axe one last time for the finishing blow, and lowers it with such an Xtreme force that the weight splits Etlan down through the neck, the chest, and all the way to his torso. Etlan, now blind, deaf, mute, and only tasting the immense amounts of blood flowing across his tongue, lifts his fist and strikes with pathetic weakness. UDGD slaps the pyromancer's mangled fist aside, and reaches into the chest of his foe. UDGD grabs his beating heart, tears it out, throws it on the ground, and smashes it with his foot. With a final howl, spraying up blood and fire from his stomach, Etlan falls on his side, dead, and then explodes, sending his boiling organs and blood everywhere.

	VICTORY!

	UDGD rises up from the battle as the pyromancers squeal and cry in terror that their supposedly invincible leader has been slain by the Grim Axeman.
	“What an unmanly little puss. Can't even have his head chopped to pieces without making a big deal about it,” UDGD says with apathy as he feels his newly-shaven-by-fire chin. Mr. Honkers rolls his eyes as SISY cheers ecstatically and DTO looks on in horror.
	“NICE JOB, FRIEND! THAT GUY DIDN'T STAND A CHANCE!”
	“Eh, yeah. Nice job,” the two of them congratulate UDGD, DTO's being of a markedly lower level of excitement than SISY's.
	“Thanks I guess,” UDGD says dully as he turns to the pyromancers. He has everyone's attention. : “HEY, YOU FLAMING HOMOSEXUALS, ROUND UP YOUR COOL STUFF IN FRONT OF ME RIGHT NOW OR I SWEAR I'LL PERSONALLY TEAR OUT EACH AND EVERY ONE OF YOUR ANUSES AND SET THEM ON FIRE!” UDGD yells in front of the group of about thirty pyromancers. The magicians of fire scramble about, searching for something that would appease their very-unwelcome guest. Amidst the commotion, the other four step up to UDGD.
	“I guess you did okay, for a dweeb,” Mr. Honkers congratulates. UDGD sighs and nods slightly, and looks over to IMRM. He's wearing another cloak. UDGD would ask him how he got another mysterious cloak, but decides against it, as it would make him look like a sissy, caring about others and all.
	“I suppose that is one way to deal with violent peoples,” IMRM says, a bit unimpressed with UDGD's speed in the fight. The duel took a staggering 47 seconds, and that is a far-longer time than IMRM would deem efficient. IMRM does not mind all that much, what matters most is getting the job done, after all.
	A few more seconds pass as the fire-throwing men rush about their various huts, looking for anything that would be of some value, and then they return, respectfully putting each object at UDGD's feet. It's a fairly meager hoard, UDGD feels, but loot is loot after all.
	“This it?” UDGD questions, arms crossed with a frown at full disapproval. The pyromancers nod and agree in various other ways, nervous for UDGD's “forgiveness.” UDGD steps forward, and Mr. Honkers comes up as well, presuming he has authority over everyone here. UDGD looks over at the small chocolate-colored man next to him, and rolls his eyes as he sifts through the goods. Most of it the pile consists of baubles and clothing. A couple arcane tomes that might be of some use to someone educated in such witchery, but rather useless to a self-proclaimed badass like UDGD.
	“This all ya' got?” UDGD asks without emotion to the crowd of fire-slingers. The pyromancers look at one-another with unease, trying to communicate without words. They nod to one another, make a couple of gestures signifying a direction, and then they turn to UDGD.
	“I'm so, so sorry. We actually forgot one last thing,” a pyromancer says with a voice filled with fake confidence. UDGD sighs. They obviously didn't forget; they just didn't want to give it up. One of the pyromancers runs off into the hut of their leader, and returns with an object wrapped in cloth. The man steps up to UDGD and Mr. Honkers, who is also quite interested as to the concealed secret; UDGD begins to unfold the fabric from the object.
	It is a large, glowing skull with markings of black liquid along its surface, with a magical crimson fire blazing out of its eyes. UDGD can feel a powerful vibration and vitality from just looking at it, as if the object were alive.
	“And just what is this?” Mr. Honkers questions to the pyromancer holding it.
“We got it while raiding the doom wizard's tower to the east. Our leader said he heard from the wizard that it was the skull of an Overlord,” the pyromancer educates as UDGD picks up the skull in interest. The jaw seems to stay intact with the rest of the skull without any connecting muscles. It must have some kind of magical property. 
	“What does it do?” UDGD asks. The pyromancer looks behind him to the others for help, but is only met with confused shrugs.
	“We... eh, don't know,” the magician answers. UDGD sighs, and presumes it would be good to sell if nothing else.
	“We'll be taking this and we'll be on our wa-”
	“Actually, what the big nerdweeb was trying to say here was that you best prepare us a few good rooms and a feast. We're staying the night!” Mr. Honkers says with a smile as he nods his head, agreeing with his own authority. The pyromancers obediently rush to prepare for the night. UDGD sighs, and looks up. He surmises it can't be any later than hour two of the Night Cycle; a true man could easily continue walking and fighting for at least twenty more hours before resting. UDGD keeps his peace, having learned by now that Mr. Honkers is above threats due to IMRM, the only one of them that knows the location of the founta... wait a second. 
	“Hey, cloak guy,” UDGD says to DTO, having forgotten his fake name. DTO presumes that he is talking to him.
	“Yeah?”
	“You know where this ruin is, right? The temple with the fountain or whatever?” UDGD asks. DTO pauses a moment before he answers and clears his throat. 
	“Eh, yeah. Maps for this area are actually pretty common.”
	“So you can take us there?”
	“Yup.”
	“Thanks - just wondering,” UDGD finishes. A smirk emerges on the side of his face. With DTO, he doesn't need IMRM, and thus, has no reason to be ordered around by Mr. Honkers any longer. UDGD's musings and fantasies of murdering the annoying little man now turn into true contemplation. UDGD can now kill Mr. Honkers and still get to his goal. He decides on doing it tonight, when the others are asleep. The group goes on to have a fantastic dinner of boiled warthog hearts over swamp herbs. It was surprisingly tasty. They then are led to their very own huts, IMRM and Mr. Honkers being the exception, sharing one hut between the two of them. 

	 
	CHAPTER TWELVE: DEEP DARK SWAMPY BLACKNESS
	Many hours have passed, and an unarmored UDGD decides that now is the time. For the past few hours he has been hearing nothing but “beeps” and “boops” coming out of Mr. Honker's and IMRM's hut, but they have finally told each other good night, and are now quiet. UDGD, in the hut right next to theirs, quietly sits up and takes his axe with him outside.
	The swampy mists gather up below them, as these huts are bound in trees and connected by a wide network of boardwalks. The two night cycle moons of this subspace zone shine above, but not enough to illuminate his movement. UDGD's eyes have been adjusting to the darkness for a good while now, and he can see most of his surroundings. Wearing nothing but his inner-armor padding, UDGD creeps along the boardwalk with his massive axe. The occasional creaking the boards make under his feet are almost completely drowned out by the various swamp insects and beasts that roam about during the deep night. UDGD crawls forward, halfway to his hut, when the Subspace Orchestra begins to tease out very quiet, ambient notes from a cello, building up tension. UDGD rolls his eyes, and looks up.
	“Shut up,” he says to the invisible music-playing force. The cool ambience only grows in intensity as a bass-guitar begins strumming rhythmically. UDGD rubs his face with his free hand, finding this quite stressful, and decides to ignore the music. UDGD moves up to the side of the hut window, and peeks inside. He sees Mr. Honkers, sleeping soundly with an incredibly stupid snore. UDGD lowers back down, and creeps around to the door. Moving around the hut, UDGD is set back, seeing a figure standing in front of the hut's door, perfectly erect and showing no signs of tiring. It's IMRM, wearing his newly-retrieved cloak.
	“Hello, Mr. Death. Do you perhaps have time to talk?” IMRM asks as he stares up into the trees. UDGD grits his teeth and curls his toes. How the hell did he hear him? UDGD slowly stands at full height.
	“Not really. I'm kind of busy right now.”
	“In attempting to do away with our companion, I presume?” IMRM asks, back still turned, to look at the tree canopy above. UDGD begins trembling, as he tightens his grip on his axe.
	“How the hell would you guess something like that?” UDGD asks, knowing he didn't even hint at such a thing.
	“It would have been the obvious expectation after your discovery of Mr. Dick knowing the path to our destination. I also noted your previous hostility to those who had been in your way. From this and a few other factors, I presumed that you would attempt to murder him, perhaps as a form of revenge, or just because you dislike him. Either way, I understand your frustration, but I would like to ask you to keep yourself from such destructive activity, particularly when my companion is your target,” IMRM says, back still turned. UDGD sighs, and shakes his head.
	“Can't do that for ya'. I can't let him slow me down, and since he insists on sticking to my side and being stupid, he's left me no other choice.”
	“I disagree. You could simply exercise a bit of patience and then both of you would get along fine.”
	“Are you telling me what to do?”
	“No. I am only giving you what I feel is the best suggestion for your next course of action. It would also pleasure me a good deal if you two were to get along as well.”
	“Why’s that, you gay or somethin’?” UDGD asks with an intense frown. IMRM tilts his head.
	“Gay, homosexual, I presume? Such a term does not apply to what I am. So no, I only want you two to be friends, as friends tend to have higher rates of success when conducting teamwork-based activities than simple acquaintances.”
	“Sounds like some pretty gay reasoning to me.”
	“If you say so; regardless, I must ask you to please not murder my companion at this time, or any time in the future. Are you okay with that?” IMRM asks in a quiet, perfectly calm tone. UDGD dislikes being talked down to, and raises his axe in response.
	“I don't take orders from you, or anyone else. There is nothing more important to me right now than reaching that fountain. So get out of my way or I'll make you,” he says, threatening the tall, concealed man.
	“I'm afraid I can't do that, Mr. Death, and again, I am not telling you what to do, I am simply-” 

	ENGAGE!

	IMRM is interrupted, having been chopped in the back of the head by UDGD's axe, sending him off the side of the bridge and hurtling to the ground below.

	REALLY EASY VICTORY! 

	UDGD sighs and shakes his head.
	“I knew you were a puss,” UDGD says quietly, slinging the axe back over his shoulder.
	UDGD opens the door to the hut, and peers upon the ‘surprisingly-still-asleep’ Mr. Honkers. The Grim Lord of the Axe walks forward to the bed and raises his axe high above his head.
	“Nice knowing you. Ya' Dweeb,” UDGD says mocking Mr. Honkers as he tenses his muscles for the strike. Just as UDGD lowers his axe, he hears a loud crash and feels a strange sensation. He misses the swing clearly as he shortly realizes that he's falling! UDGD lifts his right arm up with agile speed and just barely grabs the ledge of the flooring, which was punched out from beneath him by IMRM.

	ENGAGE, FOR REAL THIS TIME!

	The cloaked guardian of the most annoying man alive, standing on the side of the tree, reaches forward to strain UDGD but is instead met with his axe, smashing him into a spin and sending him back to the ground once more. This time, UDGD leaps down to make sure he finishes the job.
	The Grim Axeman flies down his weapon’s wide blade poised straight over IMRM. The axe almost reaches the cloaked figure's neck, but is instead caught with a defiant hand, reaching out of IMRM's cloak. The tall enigma gets back to his feet and steps back a moment, sending him several meters backwards away from his axe-wielding opponent. UDGD scowls at his enemy's excellent agility, and feels that he made the right choice in shedding his armor this night. As fast as IMRM may be, there is no way he is faster than UDGD, who trains with weights daily. UDGD rushes forward with his axe, poised again to smash into his foe's metallic skull, when IMRM decides that UDGD has opened up his guard sufficiently. The two cross paths, UDGD misses his swing, and just as he turns to his foe again, he is beset with another unpleasant feeling – this time not of falling, but of nausea. The Dark Axeman feels as though he was just run through with a sword, but there is no wound, and no blood; his organs feel churned and reconfigured into a chaotic mess, even his soul feels violated by the unseen strike.
	Slowly, verily, UDGD falls to his hands and knees, and voids his innards, spewing out tonight's dinner onto the swampy nighttime ground. UDGD looks up just a moment to his foe, probably to say something foul to him, but is unable to speak before he falls to his side.

	VICTO-... OH, WELL THIS IS AWKWARD... DEFEAT, I GUESS?

	UDGD's last sight for the night is the image of IMRM stepping toward him, saying something that he cannot quite make out. The Grim Axeman loses himself to the darkness.

 

	CHAPTER THIRTEEN: CLOAK AND AXE
	The Grim Axeman awakens in his bed, feeling Xtremely dehydrated. He stares at the ceiling for a moment, coming to grips with what had happened last night. Gradually his memory of last night returns; he was knocked out in a fight! The Grim Axeman scans the room around him for any present threat, and notices that he is completely alone in his tree-bound hut. UDGD sighs, realizing that he has just lost his first fight in years, and wonders if he is even worthy to rise from his bed. A few minutes of sissyish waiting passes, until he hears the voice of a certain idiot coming from below.
	“That dweeb did WHAT?!” Mr. Honkers yells from outside. UDGD decides it's time to go out and face the doom metal, as the saying goes. For the longest time he thought he could get whatever he wanted through force, but this Insanely Masculine Robot Man, he will take a little more tact to slay. 
	UDGD steps out of his hut, and sees the entire group, plus about half a dozen pyromancers below, sitting circled around a large pot, sending forth an enrapturing and delicious aroma. Mr. Honkers sees UDGD exit his hut, and points him out.
	“Hey! Get down here, scrub!” He yells up to the Axeman. UDGD begrudgingly steps down from the spiral staircase, attached along one of the trees, and presents himself without his axe. He presumes that IMRM must have taken it away after their fight. 
	“Yeah, it was me,” UDGD says, staring Mr. Honkers right in the face. Mr. Honkers puffs his cheeks in the most comically-stupid way possible.
	“Of course we know! You left your axe in its corpse!” Mr. Honkers says, as if he were just completely one-upped. UDGD raises his brow in intrigue.
	“Um, wha-”
	“Yes, Death. Thank you for saving my companion last night. I'm very grateful,” IMRM says with a humble bow. UDGD shifts his eyes between his companions, and realizes there are sparks of admiration and thanks, rather than anger and distrust – SISY is so excited that he looks like it's Secularmas morning. He sends a playful punch into UDGD's side, hurting way more than it should.
	“NICE JOB, FRIEND. IMRM TOLD ME ALL ABOUT IT!”
	“Yeah? So what exactly did he say?” UDGD questions SISY, attempting to play along with some degree of coolness. IMRM gives his characteristic tilt of the head.
	“I'm certain your memory is fuzzy from last night, so why don't you take a seat and I'll fill you in,” IMRM invites as he gestures over to the round seating, circling the pot of delicious stew. UDGD is silent, but agrees by taking a seat near the pot in one of the thatched-grass seats. The others join him, and one pyromancer goes on to serve another round of the stew into small, weak-looking wooden bowls. After all have been served, IMRM begins his smartly-woven lie.
	“So, it all happened in the middle of the night, about 8:00 NC. I was busy resting outside, as I rather dislike sleeping inside. I woke up when I heard a crash above me. There was Death, battling a Black Clawed Anus Destroyer. It seems that it had crept into Mr. Honker's hut to devour his anus,” IMRM says with the utmost of seriousness. DTO snorts and fires a gaze to Mr. Honkers, who just sighs and looks away.
IMRM continues: “I rose from my place of rest to go and save him from the beast, but Mr. Death here was already smashing its face in with his axe. The beast fell to the ground, and Death leapt down and beheaded it. He then turned around, leaving his axe, and headed back into his room,” IMRM says as he sits with his companions, who don't particularly mind hearing the story again, with the exception of Mr. Honkers, who feels very humbled that he was not ready to fight the beast in his deep, sissyish slumber.
	UDGD scowls, and realizes that this is all IMRM's way of smoothing across the fight last night. IMRM must have taken his axe, went out elsewhere into the swamp, hunted one of these beasts, and brought it back to the village, setting up the entire story to seem true. A chill runs down the Axeman's spine, as he realizes just how capable a manipulator IMRM really is.
	“Do you remember now?” IMRM asks, as if truly curious. UDGD snorts out a bit of air from his nostrils, a subconscious tendency he does when something is given to him. UDGD knows that IMRM knows that UDGD would want to protect his ego as much as possible, so he has no choice but to play along.
	“That's right. I w's tired last night, so I didn't recall all that happened. Don't mention it again. I was just doin’ m’job,” UDGD lies, fitting the bill for the fake hero quite well. Mr. Honkers crosses his arms, grinds his teeth, and eventually sighs loudly.
	“Yeah, thanks or whatever. Just, you know, let me defend myself next time. Because I was, eh, totally awake the entire time.,” Mr. Honkers also lies, doing his best to protect his delicate ego. SISY chuckles under his breath as he shoves his mouth full of black clawed anus destroyer and swamp herb stew. DTO has been quiet the entire time, being too busy thinking to do much of anything else. Could it be that UDGD really put himself on the line for someone else?
	“Wh-what's so funny?!” Mr. Honkers says, gripping his fork like it’s a weapon. SISY just chuckles again, and shakes his head.
	“Nothing,” he too lies, actually finding Mr. Honker's justification pretty sissy-weak. Mr. Honkers grumbles quietly to the side as IMRM takes initiative again to get the group back on track.
	“So, once we are all fed, will everyone be ready to go?”
	“Yeah.”
	“Mmmhmm.”
	“Course.”
	“Totally!” the four agree. For the next few minutes, Mr. Honkers and DTO chat about one thing or another, as UDGD and SISY fill their faces with the delicious stew. As usual IMRM is stoic and patient, waiting for the others. SISY then puts down his empty sixth bowl, and stretches with a loud groan.
	“Ah, yeah! Now that was delicious! Thanks, pyromancer guys!” He says to the several men dressed in thick rags, giving them the appearance of being much larger than they really are.
	“Um, of course. Anything for you,” one of the men responds, having lost at a straw drawing last night, and thus being dubbed the “village spokesperson” for the group of pyromancers. DTO nods.
	“Thank you so much for taking care of us, and sorry for murdering your leader,” DTO apologizes, knowing it wouldn't help anything, yet still feeling slightly responsible.
	“Shut up, nerd. Don't apologize for their weakness!” Mr. Honkers snaps at DTO, throwing his bowl over at one of the cowardly pyromancers. “Let's get out of here, I'm bored of these dumb scrub butts,” he adds, being the first to get up. The others follow along, gather their belongings, and leave the village as the pyromancers stare on with a mix of fear and hatred.
	The five walk through a good deal of swamp, until they come to another steep path leading upwards, like the one they used to enter into the swamp. The group, who now seems a good-deal more relaxed around one another, exchange a few thankful nods before they ascend, as sort of a way to say “thank goodness,” without any words. UDGD and Mr. Honkers, of course, hold their composure perfectly, unlike DTO and SISY, who practically smile and shake hands upon seeing the path out of the swamp. For the first time today, the group can see a true flush of daylight, piercing through the dreary, manly trees. They climb their way up into a ravine, past the trees of the swamp, and finally, the light source of the day cycle is now clearly visible to them. It is a refreshing sight to all, with the exception of IMRM, who has no capacity for the feeling of awe.
	The five sort-of-heroes hike (again excluding Mr. Honkers, who said that only the manliest of men deserve to be carried), up through the ravine and into an expansive, sparsely-treed forest. Seeing the great woods fan out before him, UDGD is overcome with an overwhelming feeling of sissyishness. The Subspace Orchestra only affirms this feeling running down his spine upon letting loose a fairy-tale-like accompaniment of whimsical flutes and fantastical violins. Spending only a moment to look upon their new area of travel, the group enters, a few with looks of disgust.

 

	CHAPTER FOURTEEN: A BUNCH OF SISSIES (AKA: MY LITTLE WEAKLING: FRIENDSHIP IS STUPID)
	UDGD and his mostly-manly companions step upon the soft moss that covers most of the forest, all uncertain of what they shall encounter. The trail they walk upon is overgrown, seeming as if no one has come across this way in a very long time. Yet, even though the trail is nearly invisible from the encroaching moss, there seem to be no weeds throughout the entire forest. Small, peaceful insects zip around in small groups in the sun-kissed wood, disgusting Mr. Honkers with its combined beauty, and enchanting the softer-hearted DTO.
	“I have a bad feeling about this,” SISY says, being taught from a young age that calm atmospheres can spell Xtreme danger.
	“Yeah, somethin's wrong here,” UDGD agrees, listening closely to the Subspace-Orchestra, in case there is a sudden rise in tension. Mr. Honkers nods with furious speed.
	“No doubt. Be ready for a fight, dweebs. If not, it'll be your fault that we get killed, and not mine,” he claims, hanging around IMRM's shoulders. DTO stays silent, and decides to play along, staying amiable and sissyish as usual. The five raise their guard, and step cautiously through the woods, some even with weapons in hand. The calm, beautiful forest path leads on into a denser wood with a thicket of bracken, curving like a tunnel around the path. The five enter into the darkness, and walk for about half a minute until a new light pierces through in the tunnel.
	“Get ready,” UDGD says with a scowl.
	“LET'S DO THIS!” SISY says, now shaking with violent anticipation. UDGD and SISY enter a stride, as if both expecting to run into the heart of Dimension #666, and the others follow along. The five dash forward, expecting the Subspace-Orchestra to heat up into a battle-theme any moment now, but instead the group is met with calm flutes all the way to the end, where they see the new land, hidden by the thick bracken.
	Spreading out before them is a vast, cool grassland, laced with beautiful waterfalls, warm sunlight, and lovely rainbows. The Subspace Orchestra fires up to play a heart-warming theme of safety and love, making it quite clear that this is a very appealing place to those who do not appreciate adversity. Four of these five are not those kinds of people. UDGD scowls with intense, manly deepness, and smells the air. To his finely tuned nostrils, it smells like cinnamon, coffee, and other various foods, drinks and spices.
	“There's something pretty damn wrong about this place,” UDGD says, as he looks up to the smiling sun, and then down to the cute little village, one among many in the vast expanse of plains and fields. DTO can't help himself, and spares a quiet snicker as he hears his comrades speak such utter stupidity. There's no way something dangerous to them could live here. The group walks down with caution, with the exception of DTO, who is unaware that even evil things have an appreciation for beauty.
	“So, are we still heading straight East?” UDGD asks outwardly, expecting both DTO and IMRM to know. DTO, who actually lied about knowing the path, stays quiet and allows IMRM to respond first.
	“Yes, our direction through all of the lands should be about the same throughout our journey. Actually, we really just need to follow the Eastern path; it goes straight East as well,” IMRM explains. DTO nods.
	“Exactly what I was going to say. Well put,” he lies, giving SISY a grin.
	“Indeed. Let us be on our wa--”
	“Shut up, you dweeb. I'm the one who decides when we go!” Mr. Honkers claims, interrupting IMRM with his tangled joke of a voice.
	There is a short pause, hearing Mr. Honkers say this...
	“So, may we go?” IMRM questions.
	There is yet another pause, and then Mr. Honkers sighs.
	“Yeah, I guess,” he says, giving his ‘apparently-necessary’ permission for travel. SISY and DTO exchange sly glances over Mr. Honker's short stature as the two of them share in the humor of Mr. Honkers pulling his weight around the group as if he were actually manly. The Mercenary and his company step down the large hill overlooking the valley, down along the small path of soft grass. DTO seems to be the only one enjoying the atmosphere, and almost makes the mistake of taking off his hood to get a better range of vision. He is cautious enough, however, to leave it on, and simply look from place to place taking in each beautiful element of the atmosphere.
	The grass weaves in and out of different hues of green, curving about in a neat, artistic fashion. The clouds above curl and swirl in orderly, pretty little puffs that float about gleefully. The air smells nice, the breeze feels nice, even the bristling of grass and the small brook, they pass seem to sing out more than in other places. This place is truly a paradise.
	DTO takes a deep breath of the air, takes note of his companion's paranoid and serious expressions, and exhales in a chuckle.
	“Is something funny to you, Mr. Dick?” IMRM addresses wrapped in his usual tranquility. DTO corrects himself quickly, but then, after a few seconds, decides that he might as well speak his mind.
	“It's just that you guys seem so uptight. I know it looks suspicious, but come on, it's not like an Overlord is hanging out here or anything,” DTO says, no one seeing the smarmy expression under his hood. UDGD and Mr. Honkers are the first to scoff at his opinion.
	“Just you wait, noob. You'll see that nothing good ever comes from-”
	“Oh, hello there!” a feminine, friendly voice says from down the path and around the corner. The group looks down the path, to see a most peculiar, sissyish creature walk up to them.
	It looks like a horse, but much shorter, and of a strange purple color. Protruding from the creature's skull is a horn, and the mane is very straight and well kept. Trailing behind her is an even shorter lizard creature, of a similar color purple. Both look quite fascinated with the group, and approach without caution.
	Quickly enchanted by the cuteness of the two animals, DTO bends over a bit and places his hands on his knees, as if he were greeting a dog.
	“Oh, why hello there. Who might you be?” The cloaked, mysterious DTO says to the pastel-colored equine and her reptilian companion. The pony smiles, and closes her eyes in some sort of astute pride, as if she were answering a question in a spelling bee.
	“My name is Solar-Day-Cycle-Transition-Period Twinkle, and this is my companion, Sharp Conical Object. Say hi, Sharp Conical Object.” 
	“Hey,” says Sharp Conical Object, seeming rather relaxed.
	“You all look very peculiar, and I can't say I've seen you in any of my books... wait,” the pony says, looking to the side as she recollects her memory. “Could you be... humans?” She finishes, a bright, excited spark in her eye. DTO is grinning from both sides.
	“Why yes, we are! And just what are you?”
	“I'm a pony, and my friend here is a dragon!”
	“Oh, I see. Well it's very nice to meet you, little pony and dragon,” DTO says, his voice gradually increasing in pitch the longer he talks to the cute equine. The pony smiles upon hearing the kind words, and bows her head.
	“And to you as well. You came out of the Always-Liberated Woods, right?” Ms. Solar says to the whole group.
	“You mean the forest? Yeah,” DTO responds, holding himself as the spokesman for the entire group.
	“Wow! We rarely get any visitors from there! You will have to tell me all about it. Would you, perhaps, be okay with coming by my home for some tea?” Solar-Day-Cycle-Transition-Period Twinkle questions to the group. UDGD and Mr. Honkers shake their head in disapproval the moment DTO looks over to them to ask. DTO sighs, and turns back to the pony.
	“One moment, please,” DTO says as he gets up.
	“Oh, of course!” she responds with a courteous nod of the head. DTO steps over to the others.
	“Come on, guys, it would be rude,” DTO goes right out to say. SISY rolls his eyes, holding down a laugh, and UDGD shakes his head yet again.
	“No way. This dumb horse bitch will only slow us down,” UDGD asserts strongly.
	“Yeah. There's no way I'm going to go into the house of a sissy and drink sissy-te-”
	“Pardon me?” Solar-Day-Cycle-Transition-Period Twinkle asks, interrupting the men with a soft tone. The five men give her their attention.
	“If food is an issue, I'm sure I can get one of my good friends, Fuchsia Baked Good, to make us one of her delicious pies!” Upon hearing the pony say these words, Mr. Honker's eyes widen in contemplation. Again, delicious food proves to betray his sense of judgment.
	“We'd love to,” the short brown man says, deciding for the entire group. UDGD grits his teeth with obvious, skull-cleaving disapproval. After a bit of awesome hyperventilation, UDGD focuses himself and slowly opens his mouth as he reaches around to withdraw his axe. The small pony looks at the large man confusedly, but still with a smile crossing her face. UDGD stares at Mr. Honkers for a moment, who crosses his arms in victory. There is a short pause.
	“Have something to say, Ultra Dweeb Gayman Dweeb Dweeb Dweeb?” Mr. Honkers asks, pushing his name-calling to an entirely-new echelon of irritation. UDGD sighs, quivers a moment, and returns to a normal stance. He can almost feel IMRM's breath on his neck, ready to strike at a moment’s notice.
	“No. Let's go,” the Grim Axeman says with a barely-withstanding scowl. The small equine grins from ear to ear. 
	“That's great! This way, please!” she says with a musical tone as she turns her tail and trots off down the path. Mr. Honkers quickly “ ‘remounts’ ” IMRM, and the two are the first to start moving along. DTO, UDGD, and SISY are left with little choice but to follow.
	The five follow the pony and her scaly cohort down into the large town nestled in the valley, populated by more of the peculiar and colorful creatures. The Grim Axeman scowls back every time he is met with a smile from one of the small horses. His grumpiness continues all the way through the town and into a small, sissyish house that looks like a stupid tree Solar-Day-Cycle-Transition-Period Twinkle, ever the polite one, holds the door for her guests, ushering them in, and closes the door behind with some weird magic-looking gay purple stuff. UDGD notes that the magical sparkles or whatever come out of her horn, like a magician would use a wand or a staff.
	“Please, sit wherever you like! Sharp Conical Object, would you be so kind as to get us some tea?” Solar-Day-Cycle-Transition-Period Twinkle says to the small, green and purple lizardesque creature. The lizard gives a dutiful salute and steps about them collecting the necessities for tea. “One moment, then,” Solar-Day-Cycle-Transition-Period Twinkle says as she steps out for a moment, reopening the door with her sparkly sissy magic. The group is left with the small dragon, finishing his standard tea-making ritual.
	DTO and Mr. Honkers, who both feel quite comfortable sitting on the floor do so as the others stand at the ready, expecting some sort of threat to present itself once their guards are lowered. Sharp Conical Object serves up cups of daffodil tea to the five of them, two accepting the drink, two accepting just to be polite, and one refusing a cup in the bluntest manner imaginable. The Sissy Lizard, after finishing the distributing of cups, addresses the group with a smile.
	“Alrighty, if you need anything else, just let me know!” He says right before he begins hopping up the steps leading to the upstairs. UDGD sighs, and crosses his arms as he watches Mr. Honkers and DTO chug down tea.
	“Ya' two best stop bein' sissies n' come along. Pie won't help us find the – ”
	“Sew that anus hole shut, you nerd. I deserve pie from putting up with you dweebs,” Mr. Honkers interrupts with the dumbest expression on his face ever since some stupid dweeb started making dumb expressions in the first place. UDGD stares at the short, ridiculous man for a moment, and then looks away, realizing that attempting logic with him is useless. The five of them sit and stand about in the center of the room until the purple pony returns with her pink friend. This pink pony seems incredibly friendly, considering the ecstatic stare she gives the group the moment she spots them. Upon her back, bouncing up and down with each trot, is a large, decadent pie, topped with all sorts of colorful fruits and berries.
	“Sorry to keep you waiting!” Solar-Day-Cycle-Transition-Period Twinkle says as the bouncy Fuchsia Baked Good places the large pie, able to serve ten men, right on a table to the side for everyone's enjoyment.
	“Wow! Humans are really really real!” Fuchsia Baked Good exclaims as she walks up to UDGD and gets on her tiptoes to try and stare him right in the face. UDGD doesn't even wince, seeing the adorable ponies and their silly pony antics. DTO, however, is far more susceptible to their sissyish charms.
	“Oh... my Gods. You ponies are the most precious things ever!” DTO says as he waveringly reaches out a hand and pets the mane of Fuchsia Baked Good, who giggles in delight from the complement. UDGD scoffs.
	“Thanks! But my friend Butterfly Bashful has some really cute animals too! If you think we're cute, you should see them!” Fuchsia Baked Good suggests with a jovial scuff of the hoof across the floor. DTO falls on his knees, groveling at the unbelievable adorabalosity he is witnessing, and seriously considers giving up revenge and instead becoming a citizen of this wonderful, adorable sissy town.
	UDGD just rolls his eyes, meeting them with SISY, who silently agrees. SISY considers himself pretty slack when it comes to judging other men's manliness, but there is no way that this could be manly – not at all.
	“Well, help yourself! I already ate, so I'll just sit back and ask questions if that's okay with you,” Solar-Day-Cycle-Transition-Period Twinkle says as she lays her small rump on the ground and watches the humans with a smile.
	UDGD and SISY are the only ones who seem discomforted by the great interest that the ponies have in them. Their imaginations begin to run away. UDGD, watching Mr. Honkers smash his face into the pie with pathetic excitement, wonders if it’s poisoned. UDGD smirks just barely, finding the mental image of Mr. Honkers spewing out his insides and falling on the floor dead quite pleasing. SISY, on the other hand, wonders if the pie is not rigged with a magic bomb, ready to explode in the stomach of its consumer. SISY also smiles, wondering how satisfying it would be to see Mr. Honker's stomach explode; the force tearing his torso in two seems like such an amusing image. Very quietly, a snicker escapes the corner of SISY's mouth.
	Regardless of their imaginings, neither event comes to pass, and Mr. Honkers fills himself up on the entire pie in a matter of seconds, not allowing the others to have even a bite. This is not much of a problem though, as the only other person wanting pie, DTO, was too busy talking to Solar-Day-Cycle-Transition-Period Twinkle about life in the village of ponies and magical things.
	“Wow! That was fast! You must be a really good eater!” Fuchsia Baked Good says to Mr. Honkers, who lifts his pie-covered face from the dish.
	“Why yes, I am quite a good eater. Aren't I?” he says with a self-absorbed grin across his stupid cherry preserves-covered face. Fuchsia Baked Good and Mr. Honkers engage in quite the riveting conversation about how great Mr. Honkers is, and UDGD, realizing how lame and unmanly this situation is, turns his head to look instead out of the library windows. This is about the same time IMRM reaches into his long cloak. UDGD sees, and IMRM detects, a large, manly figure approaching the front door. UDGD rolls his eyes, completely unsure in how to judge the situation, and turns to Solar-Day-Cycle-Transition-Period Twinkle.
	“Hey,” UDGD begins.
	“Yes?” Solar-Day-Cycle-Transition-Period Twinkle responds with a courteous, polite smile.
	“Who's that creepy guy out the window?”
	“Oh, that's our Overlord. He's the ruler of all of Horsestria, and I'm his number one student!”
	“Great, so why's he coming here?”
	“Oh, he told me that I should tell him whenever something comes out of the forest. I think he wants to talk to you,” Solar-Day-Cycle-Transition-Period Twinkle says with a smile, completely unaware of the Overlord's intentions. The others in the group heard this conversation, and slowly make the transition from feelings of joy, annoyance, and awe, to the sobering loss of breath one has, generally before engaging in a fight. The five men get to their feet, and prepare to fight. Solar-Day-Cycle-Transition-Period Twinkle stares at them with a look of confusion, wondering why they are acting so paranoid, and decides she can ask about it later.
	In the next few seconds of waiting, Solar-Day-Cycle-Transition-Period Twinkle, Fuchsia Baked Good, and Sharp Conical Object all feel the strong sensation of tiredness. One by one, they all fall flat on the ground, each in their own deep, dream-filled slumber.
	“I told you,” UDGD says to Mr. Honkers, who simply puffs in response. A few seconds more pass, and suddenly the warriors themselves also begin to feel tired.
	“W-what's happening?” DTO says out loud, as his knees begin to tremble under the unknown force of sleep.
	“Some kind of... sissy magic,” UDGD says, standing his ground rather solidly in comparison to Mr. Honkers and DTO, who have both just fallen over. Next falls SISY, his smile for battle slowly fading. UDGD does his best to stay strong, but the desire to sleep is too great. He removes his left gauntlet and sinks his teeth into his hand, drawing blood. This works for a few seconds, but even after inflicting himself with a wound, the urge to rest proves to be superior to even his manly self-destruction. A good fifteen seconds later than the other three, UDGD falls, too, the floor, and his eyes shut by the power by (of) the Overlord right outside the house. IMRM, standing resolutely, watches UDGD drift away. The Tall Enigma IMRM takes in the refreshing absence of human speech for half a minute afterward, until a voice comes from the other side of the carved wooden door, featuring whimsical designs of fairies and flowers.
	“Well, damn. You must be a serious hard-ass to not be susceptible to my sleep magic,” the voice says, sounding like a fist traveling straight into a face, says with a half-impressed tone. IMRM stares at the door a moment, and then answers it.
	“I suppose that depends on your definition of what a 'hard-ass' is,” IMRM responds, not really being one to think up good comebacks. The Overlord scoffs, and kicks open the door.
 


	CHAPTER FIFTEEN: I FEEL AS THOUGH YOU WILL REGRET SUCH AN ACTION (AKA: INSANELY MASCULINE ROBOT MAN DECIDES TO BE SLIGHTLY BADASS FOR THE SAKE OF CAUSING THE OUTCOME MOST BENEFICIAL TO MISSION-BASED INTERESTS RELATIVE TO HIS PRESENT COMPANY)
	The Overlord, upon entry, causes the Subspace Orchestra to fire up again, but this time with sweet rifting keyboards and an awesome synth-techno melody. This lets both combatants know that this fight is likely going to be a big deal, because they are both sufficiently good fighters.
	The figure walks into the small house meant for his minuscule minions, and looks over the various humans. In the same moment, IMRM looks over his enemy.
	Tall, terrifying, and quite naked, this Overlord's iron gaze now locks securely on IMRM, who notes the Overlord's most striking feature – his head is that of a velociraptor's.
	“I suppose before I kill you and devour the hearts of you and your companions we might as well exchange names. The people of this realm call me 'Super Mega Dino-Lord Xtreme Heart Eater Killestia,' my hobbies include using cheap-ass magic to make weaklings fall asleep and then eating the hearts of said weaklings. How about yourself?” The tall raptor-man says as he raises his fists, which promptly ignite into flames. IMRM tilts his head a bit to the side. This guy sounds slightly intelligent. Perhaps a logical outcome can be reached.
	“Insanely Masculine Robot Man is what I've been told to say my name is, so you might as well call me by that title. I understand, and in a way admire your ambition in desiring to eat people's hearts, but I must ask you to reconsider,” IMRM says with a calm tone, completely missing the ridiculous nature of the situation- he’s not much of one for a sense of humor. Super Mega Dino-Lord Xtreme Heart Eater Killestia raises a scaly brow in interest.
	“Reconsider? You mean reconsider kicking your ass and eating your heart?”
	“Along those lines, yes. You see, while my companions here are operating out of their own desires, I am, on the other hand, on a very important mission, given to me by my employers.”
	“So you're saying that I should just let you all go because you have a job to do?”
	“Yes.”
	“Now, listen to yourself. I don't think that is nearly a good enough reason for me to just walk away. Everyone has responsibilities, well, unless you're an Overlord like me, because we do whatever we want. Do you have anything else to say?”
	“I do. Should you have any respect for an authority higher than your own, I feel it's worthwhile to tell you my employer's identity.”
	“Alright. Who?”
	“The Omniverse Expeditionary Librarium,” IMRM says in his usual tone of perfect respect to all things. Super Mega Dino-Lord Xtreme Heart Eater Killestia pauses a moment, and thinks.
	“Oh, those guys. They're those folks that run around stealing cultures, magics and technologies from others dimensions, yeah?” He asks, leaning against the doorpost and crossing his beefy arms.
	“That is one way to describe what we do, though our end goal is far more noble than you would imp-”
	“Yeah, no. They'll fall and die just like all the other nations that tried to rule over more than one dimension.” The Overlord yawns, attempting to demean IMRM’s seriousness.
	“Perhaps I could persuade you to let us by some other way, then?” IMRM asks, unfazed.
	“...I'm listening.”
	“Those who comply with O.E.L. goals and interests are to be compensated well for their aid. Were you to let us go, I would be authorized to pay you handsomely in the O.E.L.'s common paper currency, usable as a viable form of payment in over seven-million-two-thousand-five-hund-”
	“Do you think you can buy me off with your worthless paper bullshit? Sin is the only currency of the Omniverse, and as much as the dumbasses in the O.E.L. would like to have a monopoly on the economy, the other seventy trillion dimensions would tend to disagree.”
	“Are you certain? This new currency will soon be the only viable form of payment in nearly half of the known Omniverse. By the time this minute ends it is estimated that three more dimensions will have switched to this currency.”
	“I’m damn certain. Overlords will never die. You new kids have no respect for the old ways. You think you can just kill off Overlords, but you’re wrong, and doomed to fail. Chaos is proof of that. Even though everyone everywhere hates him, he is still held in our place of highest honor. Do you know why?”
	“Why is that?” IMRM erects his stance in tandem to his opponent, the two preparing for a fight.
	“Because he’s gone completely undefeated for the past ten thousand years. That’s longer than most dimensions have been recording time. We may hate him, but he’s a symbol of the longevity of our way of life. He is the monument that will never fall, and etched in his eyes is the greatest truth that exists: ‘Peace can only exist within dominance.’ You understand?”
	“... I do,” IMRM says with a tone blunter than his usual.
	“So in all due respect, Mr. O.E.L., you can go fuck yourself,” the Overlord says with a grin.
	“In that case, I suppose there is no helping it. Perhaps creatures like you really are unfit to live into the next era. If you truly wish to kill me, come forward and fight me. However I should warn you, I feel as though you will regret such an action- peace is always preferable.”
	“I’ll step on your heart a few times before I eat it,” Super Mega Dino-Lord Xtreme Heart Eater Killestia promises as he raises his fists high, ready to fight. IMRM reaches into his cloak, into his dimensional sheath and pulls out his scythe. There is a short pause between the two of them, and then Super Mega Dino-Lord Xtreme Heart EaterKillestia makes the first move forward.

	ENGAGE!

	Super Mega Dino-Lord Xtreme Heart Eater Killestia, or SMDLXHEK (pronounced Smid-lexek) for short, throws his fist forward as the Subspace Orchestra explodes into a fury of wubs, dubs, and other cool electronic sounds that teenagers love. IMRM steps to the outside of SMDLXHEK’s hit zone and lowers his scythe with elegant speed. SMDLXHEK dodges the strike with relative ease and reaches forward to apprehend IMRM’s hands. After a quick second, SMDLXHEK grasps the scythe equal to IMRM, and the two engage in a power struggle for the weapon. It becomes apparent; however, that IMRM is phenomenally strong, far more so than the Overlord, who is readily losing the bout as IMRM is forcing him to the ground and pressing the scythe to his opponent’s neck. SMDLXHEK takes a deep breath.
	“Andalhay’hav. Regleosau’sil’silvilain. Ac’cro’crot’vil’regla. Havel!” SMDLXHEK casts as his breath is slowly choked out of him. Suddenly, The Raptor Lord’s muscles glow with brilliant blue designs, swirling across his body in a really non-manly, but still really cool fashion. IMRM has not received an education in magic, but does understand that this type of spell is used to give one a notably large boost of physical strength.
	Slowly, SMDLXHEK pushes IMRM off, gets a hold of his footing, and begins pushing back. IMRM sees that some more drastic measures will be required to defeat this opponent.
	IMRM asserts his position on the ground with his long, muscular legs, and again steps just outside SMDLXHEK’s frontal zone. IMRM then follows up with removing one of his hands from the scythe, deeming SMDLXHEK the winner over the weapon, and delivers a high-speed punch to the Overlord’s face. SMDLXHEK keeps his grip on the scythe as he goes flying into the wall, leaving a strong impression of his body in the wood. He pulls himself out just in time to evade IMRM’s follow up, and returns with his own strike with the scythe. The blade easily pierces IMRM’s chest, and SMDLXHEK cleaves through all the way to the front. IMRM stumbles about a moment as SMDLXHEK raises the scythe to deal the finishing blow, but is again caught in the face by another of IMRM’s punches. SMDLXHEK flies across the room yet again, (as is the common reaction when one is punched by IMRM,) and smashes into one of the bookshelves this time. He pulls himself out again, now with a dreadfully angry, badass expression.
	“How the hell are you still moving?” SMDLXHEK asks the quiet, tall figure with a now-rent cloak. The Subspace Orchestra begins to cool down into a sweet pump-up ambience, techno beats gradually gaining intensity as a non-existent camera pans up IMRM’s half-destroyed body.
	“Perhaps, I am what your people would call a ‘badass,’ ” IMRM says calmly, as if he did not even feel himself get half-cleaved in two. SMDLXHEK scoffs and crouches at the ready to make another dash at his foe.
	“I think I’m about sick of you and your disgustingly high tolerance for pain. Any last words before give you a hundred new holes?” SMDLXHEK asks IMRM as he begins to charge another spell.
	“Watch yer’ head,” says a voice from below and behind SMDLXHEK. It’s UDGD, mouth filled with his own blood from all of the wounds he caused with his teeth to stay awake. SMDLXHEK only has a moment to gasp in non-manly shock as UDGD leaps up, lifts his axe, and splits SMDLXHEK right through the head. Suddenly the Subspace Orchestra explodes into an ecstatic:“YEAHHHHHHH!” when noting UDGD’s totally-sweet-and-not-stupid-at-all one-liner before cleaving into the Overlord’s head.
	Blood splatters everywhere as SISY also rises from his fake-sleep position, spitting out even more blood than UDGD. SMDLXHEK falls to his knees, UDGD pulls the axe from his enemy’s skull, and the Overlord falls dead to the ground.

	VICTORY!

	“HEY! NOT A BAD JOB, FRIEND, BUT I REALLY WANTED TO BE THE ONE TO DO THAT!” SISY exclaims, totally pumped up at the sight of all this blood. UDGD turns his gaze to SISY and shrugs.
	“Should’a been faster,” UDGD says with a grin to a disappointed, and yet still quite excited SISY. IMRM notes the surprising will power of the two others and nods.
	“Thank you for killing him. I’m not sure if I could have survived that fight,” IMRM says. In a rare moment, UDGD grins.UDGD gives a manly nod.
	“Well, yeah. Thanks,” he says simply as he withdraws his axe, and hands the surprisingly heavy scythe, dropped by the dead SMDLXHEK, over to IMRM. The Tall Enigma thanks UDGD, and sheathes his own weapon.
	UDGD must say he is a tad disappointed, though, as IMRM’s true appearance is still quite hard to make out. While there is a large tear in his cloak, the laceration, s a mystery, so UDGD is forced to wait longer before judging him. IMRM’s gash, though long, is not wide enough to open with the cloak and reveal the unexplained man underneath. He remains a mystery.
	“RIGHT, SO, SHOULD WE MAYBE WAKE ‘EM UP? SURE THEY’D LIKE TO SEE THIS DUDE’S CORPSE AND ALL!” SISY asks in what he feels is a perfectly reasonable voice, while it is, in fact, borderline yelling.
	“I think that, judging from their serious disinterest in gore, and their strange attraction to these small equines and food, it would be wise to simply carry them on our way until they wake up. This would be the most effective,” IMRM says, crouching down and picking up the slumbering Mr. Honkers without problem. “So, who is willing to carry Mr. Dick?” IMRM adds, looking at the two men with excruciatingly-bloody mouths. The two warriors look at each other.
	“I’m not carryin’ ‘em. That’s friggin’ gay.”
	“YEAH? WELL I THINK YOU’RE SLIGHTLY MORE GAY THAN ME, FRIEND; SO YOU SHOULD CARRY ‘EM,” SISY returns, causing a deep scowl from UDGD.
	“Hell no. You’re way gayer. You’re carryin’ ‘em.”
	“EHEH, NO. NO I’M NOT. IT’S COOL THAT YOU RUN AROUND WITH AN AXE AND ALL, BUT LET’S BE REAL HERE, WE BOTH KNOW THAT I’M MANLIER, BECAUSE I’M A-... oh,” SISY halts his comeback seeing IMRM picking up DTO, holding both men, one in each of his arms. UDGD and SISY look at each other, feel a tad awkward for having argued about something they could have just asked IMRM to do, and then return to their fairly-friendly, but still super-manly demeanors towards one another. The three leave the ideal town where everything is beautiful and delicious and sissyish, and go off into the higher mountains.

	 
	CHAPTER SIXTEEN: NEEDLESTHROUGHYOURBLOODGODDAMNEYES MOUNTAIN (AKA: FINDING A PLACE TO SNOOZE LIKE MANLY MEN)
	The three of them hiked upwards for about half an hour until the other two regained consciousness, both roughly around the same time. Mr. Honkers, of course, made up some excuse for his weakness, claiming that he was using a “tactical sleeping” technique, in which one uses their dreams as an extra-dimensional weapon to destroy one’s opponent. No one believed him. DTO, on the other hand, was quite honest with everyone, and apologized for falling asleep when he was so-needed. He was then promptly reminded by SISY that he actually was not needed, which promptly made DTO act all defensive, and then feel sort of bad. UDGD listened to all the nonsense of his companions, and decided to let their lack of manliness slide, with the exception of SISY, that is. Who the hell does SISY think he is, thinking himself superior and manlier than he? UDGD simmers on these thoughts for a while as they reach the edge of the mountain range, overlooking a vast expanse of snow.
	The Subspace Orchestra greets them with a lone, reverberant piano, ringing through the mountains as it plays a lonesome, foreign tune. It is a dreary welcome to the group, playing against the cold wind blowing against them all. SISY seems particularly awed.
	“Right, I’ve heard of this mountain range. I hear it’s the top of the entire subspace sector, and at the highest peak lives an ultimate badass wizard,” SISY says as he looks far in the distance, spotting a very, very tall tower, piercing into the chilled clouds like an enormous penis yelling: “FUCK YOU GUYS- I CALL THE SHOTS,” at everyone for hundreds of miles.
	“Damn, that’s one big tower,” DTO states as the group peers across the many peaks to the giant obelisk of domination.
	“Pffft, looks like someone’s compensating,” Mr. Honkers says, as he crosses his arms in way that UDGD finds most unmanly.
	“Perhaps. Are you all ready to find some shelter? I believe night cycle will be beginning soon,” IMRM says as he looks up at the horizon and the gigantic clock overhead up in outer-space, telling all life forms in Subspace just what time it is. It’s actually a pretty normal feature in subspace, that giant sky-clock.

	Pardon me if I have not mentioned this previously, Reader. Most of subspace has a giant clock in the sky that tells people what time of the day cycle it is. Very, very few people know why it’s there, and even fewer would be willing to tell you.

	Existence of the giant sky clock aside, the hands read that the current time is about 9:00 D.C. (day cycle,), telling the group that there is only one hour left before the entire realm is drenched in the darkness of the night cycle.
	UDGD and SISY quickly flash expressions of disinterest towards the activity of finding shelter, as both of them silently agree that hiking in the cold mountains while covered in pitch blackness would be pretty manly, and thus a great idea. Mr. Honkers and DTO, being the two more delicate of the five, are quick to express their agreement.
	“That’s a good idea,” DTO puts out more weakly than usual, as he is quite cold from the strong winds. What a total sissy.
	“Sounds like we’re turning in for the night, you scrublins. Hey, Robo-nerd.”
	“Yes?”
	“Find us a place to stay,” Mr. Honkers commands to his tall servant of sorts.
	“I’ll be just a moment then,” IMRM says as he takes a quick bow and dashes off down the mountain.
	The three outside of the conversation are surprised seeing IMRM vault, leap, and shoot across the frosty slopes with perfect ease and a speed they thought would be unobtainable by any common human. Seeing this impressive display of agility, SISY gets pumped..
	“WHOA! HE’S HELLA FAST!” He exclaims with that huge grin of his, generally issued on his face any time he is pumped. Mr. Honkers scoffs.
	“ ‘Course he is. He’s done so much running from the authorities that he’s had to develop some good legs,” Mr. Honkers says. The other three are not sure if he’s joking, as Mr. Honkers says practically everything in the same, droningly nasal tone of voice. UDGD and DTO just watch IMRM dash about as SISY chuckles a bit at the thought of IMRM being some stupid vagrant. A short silence overcomes the group as they listen to the wind, and SISY thinks of a worthwhile topic to hold their manly interest.
	“Right- so Dick,” SISY begins, treating the first word in DTO’s title to be his first name. DTO can’t say he’s very fond of such a nickname, but it was his choice, after all, so he only has himself to blame.
	“Yeah?” the cloaked rapier-user responds.
	“How far are we from the templey, ruiny, dungeony thing that has the fountain?” SISY questions. There is another short pause, as DTO thinks up a quick generalization.
	“Well, it really depends on how quickly we move. It could be a couple days, it could be a week,” DTO says, hoping his vagueness will be an acceptable answer. SISY nods, acknowledging their current situation.
	“Fair enough,” SISY responds, causing a wave of relief to wash over DTO. He reaches into his hood to wipe the cold sweat from his neck, when UDGD puts him back on the plate.
	“Ya’ know, yer’ voice is kinda familiar. Ya’ think we’ve met before?” UDGD questions the cloaked young man.
	“N-nope. Never seen you before, ever,” DTO says with a slight panic in his voice. UDGD raises a brow in confusion, wondering what has DTO so worried, and shrugs.
	“Aight.” UDGD stares down the range with a scowl. DTO coughs as they’re silent for a moment more.
	“I have a lot of relatives that travel around Subspace. Maybe you met one,” DTO says, trying to sound conversational. UDGD pauses a moment and quickly makes the connection. This guy sounds a lot like HTO...
	“Do you know of a guy named Heart Tearer Outer?” UDGD asks, squinting his left eye just a bit as he analyzes what all this could mean. DTO gulps, and feels a deep sinking in his stomach.
	“The name’s familiar... I mean... I mean yes, I know him. He’s my... brother!”
	“... You had some trouble remembering your brother’s name?” UDGD asks, suspicion rising fast. DTO is on the verge of voiding his bowels out of stress.
	“Eh, that’s just how many kids my mom and dad had! They had... twenty five.”
	“... No way.”
	“Yeah! They loved... you know, doing all that stuff.”
	“Sex?”
	“Yes. Sex. Lots of sex. And Heart Tearer Outer was the youngest. That’s why I had trouble remembering his name.”
	There is a short silence.
	“That would make some sense I guess. He was a serious sissy after all, so maybe all of your pa’s manliness went into his first kids.”
	“Yeah, I was... I was one of the middle kids, so I remember how manly my older siblings were. I mean... I mean even the girls beat up other people in the family.”
	“Whoa. That’s pretty intense. Funny how such a manly dude like yer Pa’ would have such a stupid sissy like your little brother.”
	“Ha ha. Yeah.... He was one serious sissy. I heard he’s taken up mercenary work, and gets cheated all the time. He actually came around the mansion last week and whined about it to my dad.”
	“Peh, sounds like him. He sucks at using a sword too. He actually uses a shield. Can you believe that?”
	“Whoa... I heard rumors. Did you work with him?”
	“Yeah, he was a total dumbass.”
	“Psssh, yeah... yeah I bet. So you were that nasty guy he was whining about?”
	“Probably.”
	“Gotcha. Nice to meet the person that messed up my stupid little brother’s day.”
	“Nice to meet someone who also hates that stupid kid.”
	“Heh, yeah. What a dumbass.”
	“Yeah. I bet he’s crying in his run-down apartment or something.”
	“Yeah. He probably is,” DTO finishes. He feels as though he has died a little inside, having just finished a conversation about how stupid he is. There is another short silence between the two of them, and then UDGD clears his throat to ask something else. Usually, UDGD considers it unmanly to have interest in other people, but this DTO guy, though he’s a bit of a sissy, he is also a pretty cool guy.
	“So who’s your dad?” UDGD asks as Mr. Honkers and SISY have a conversation to the side about food. DTO pauses a moment. 
	“Overlord... uh-”
	“Overlord? Yer pa’s an Overlord?”
	“Eh, yeah.”
	“Like ‘holy shit this guy just tore a dragon’s head off’ Overlord?”
	“... Yup,”
	“... And he gave birth t’ your sissy brother?”
	“... Yeah.”
	“I’m havin’ trouble believin’ that yer pa’s n’Overlord.”
	“... His name is ‘Ultimate Doom Rapist Eater Death Doom Guardian Ex Nihilo Xtreme Doom Death 2000 Megaladon Death Xtreme.”
	“Oh, whoa. That’s hardcore. If you’re bein’ real with me, your mom musta’ been the one that gave all the sissyness genes, cuz yer’ pa’ sounds like a major badass.”
	“Yeah... uh, my mother told me he killed himself every day just so he could go to hell and kill everyone who was already dead. It was like his... hobby.” 
	“Whoa. Sweet.”
	“Yeah. Pretty sweet,” DTO agrees, completely dumbfounded that UDGD did not figure it out. Maybe UDGD really is an idiot.
The group only has a few more seconds to stand about, until IMRM appears from below, vaulting up the mountain several dozen feet at a time. The group watches in a mix of awe and weakness as IMRM makes one last great leap, shooting up from a nearby peak and onto the ledge in a terrifying display of physical strength and agility.
	“I’ve located three fair places for us to rest for the night. There is a grove of trees, a crevice into a peak near a spring, and a cave near the base of the tower that leads in further than I could see. Which one suits you the most?” IMRM says, looking to Mr. Honkers as if he were the one making the decision. Realistically-speaking, he is.
	“Scrub-butt. Which one do you think I’d pick?” Mr. Honkers says as he re-adjusts his purple goggles. IMRM is quiet a moment, completely without motion.
	“The crevice? It seems to be the most practical choice as it will give us protection from the wind, while not being a hard trek to survey our surroundings to prevent ambush. We’ll also have a running, clean water source, which would provide us with fresh water and aid in blanketing the sound we would make for the sake of stealth--”
	“Pfffffffffffffffft! Casual! Only noobs consider tactics! Real manly men of badassinness pick the most-dangerous route on purpose, just to show off how manly they are! We’re going to the cave!” The Honkster says with a swaglin’ grin.
Though UDGD somewhat agrees in Mr. Honker’s view, the way he expressed it was, as usual, so pretentiously stupid that he is again overwhelmed with the sudden urge to tear off his head. 
IMRM simply stands there for a moment, as he attempts to understand the cause of the serious tactical-cognitive disability of his comrade.
	“I see,” the tall one says, his usual response when observing the act of idiocy.
	“Well? Lead the way, scrub butt!” Mr. Honkers says in a rather impolite, yet also unmanly fashion, prodding IMRM along. The tall enigma nods, and gestures to the group to follow him.
	“Alright. This way,” he says simply, as he leads the four down the side of the slope, through the ravine, and to the side of the gigantic, jagged tower. At the basin, far below the huge spire, is a small cavernous opening, leading into uncertain blackness.
	“This is it,” IMRM says with a simple nod.
	“Cool. Nice work, butthole,” the short one says to the tall one. Again, all IMRM does is nod in response as he hastily leads the group inside the cave.
	It’s dark; really dark - About as dark as a cool tavern should be, but even darker. In this case, its pitch black, and any manly person worth their meat knows that the darker a place is, the more awesome it is, especially if it’s also dangerous. DTO holds his nose and lets loose a quick “bleh!”
	“Ugh! This place smells terrible!” DTO says not two seconds after entering into the dark cavern.
	“Yeah... HEHEHAHAHA! I WONDER IF SOMETHING DIED IN HERE. THAT’D BE AWESOME! WE COULD USE THE BLOOD AS PAINT!” SISY says with a rekindled excitement, very happy that Mr. Honkers chose the cave. DTO shudders at the thought of being so close to a maniac.
SISY’s voice carries all throughout the cavern, producing a considerable echo effect. Mr. Honkers notes the darkness and presses a few tiny buttons on his large, stupid-looking purple goggles. With a smile crossing his face he then traverses deeper into the cave with complete confidence in his step, as if the cave was as bright as day.
	“Hey, Robo-nerd,” Mr. Honkers says, stopping about five meters away from the rest of the group.
	“Yes?”
	“Give the scrubs some light. I wanna see what’s in here and you obviously know that I need my unnecessary bodyguards to see how awesome I am at all times,” Mr. Honkers says with a pretentious, stupid grin.
	“As you wish,” IMRM responds with a nod. In the same moment, IMRM raises a sleek, reflective black hand out from his cloak, and lifts it high above him. Suddenly, the hand illuminates the entirety of their surroundings with the glory of light. DTO and the two more-brutish companions have never seen a man’s hand illuminate like this before, in fact, they didn’t even know it was possible; so this naturally comes as quite a surprise to them.
	“W-what the hell!?”
	“IMPRESSIVE!”
	“... Huh,” the three of them say with drastically varying degrees of enthusiasm.
	“How do you do that?” DTO quickly follows up as the group regains their pace deeper into the cave.
	“Ahh, well I am outfitted with an arc-wire information network that allows me to not only control my body, but compose dedicated pathways that-” IMRM stops, noting the bewildered, totally lost expression of DTO. “Are you having difficulty understanding me?”
	“Um, yes,” DTO squeaks like a sissy.
	“I can explain it with more fullness at another time. For now, you could think of it on the same par as magic.”
	“Ahh, okay, cool,” DTO answers IMRM, finishing the quick conversation between the two of them as they descend a drop leading into more of the dull grey stone tunnel. The group goes deeper and deeper into the surrounding darkness causing the Subspace Orchestra to take note. Very subtly, a large drum is struck in a warlike rhythm. UDGD must admit, it’s a nice, manly touch.
	“So, where are we setting up camp?” DTO asks after the drums take a small break for dramatic silence. Mr. Honkers, at the forefront of the group rolls his eyes under his bright, super-technologically-advanced goggles that make him look like a serious sissy.
	“Quiet, noob. Only pros get to talk about choosing campsites,” he says with his usual tone of absolute condescension. DTO’s only response as the group finds the end of the tunnel is a quiet huff.
	At the other end is solid metal doorway with a sizeable padlock on the latch. Seeing this, Mr. Honkers lets loose a devious chuckle.
	“Just as I thought.” Mr. Honkers cracks his knuckles.
	“What did you think?” SISY asks with a smile, becoming excited again seeing the prospect of civilization in this cave, and thus the prospect of people to fight.
	“Did you really think I would settle for freezing in the cold mountains when I could sleep in a bed in a huge, heated, luxurious tower?” Honks responds as he inspects the padlock on the door. SISY smirks; Mr. Honkers may know a thing or two, but he’s still a serious baby to actually hunt down comfortable places to sleep.
	“Huh, so we’re going into this cave to get to the tower? How did you even know it was connected?” DTO questions, crossing his arms inside of his mysterious cloak for warmth.
	“Well duh. Did you think someone as handsome and smart as me would opt to sleep in some dank-stupid cave? The swamp homes were bad, but a cave? Naw- now shut up,” Mr. Honkers says as he steps back from the door. “Now then, the lock looks magical, so we’ll have to smash through the door’s hinges instead,” he adds, causing a look of distress on DTO’s face.
	“But the door’s metal! There’s no way we could smash through the hing-”
	“SHUT UP, YOU LITTLE BABIES. THIS IS WHAT TRUE MANLY TEAMWORK SPIRIT IS FOR! DEATH, INSANELY MASCULINE ROBOT DUDE, LET’S DO THIS!” SISY yells with intense excitement as he steps up to the door and raises his foot. IMRM does as he is told, and after a few seconds UDGD decides he might as well lend a hand.
	All three having approached the door, they then enter their stances for what they consider would be effective for smashing in a 250 kilo door.
	“MANLY MEN ON TEN! READY?!” SISY takes a deep breath.
	“Yes.” IMRM leans his head in.
	“I’m not going to say th-”
	“ONETWOTHREEFOURFIVESIXSEVENEIGHTNINETEN! MANLY MEEEEEN!”
	“Manly men!” two of the three exclaim as they, along with UDGD, smash their feet into the door, shearing the hinges on the first strike and pressing the door out of its frame. The large door falls inward with a satisfying “clung” sound, thudding on the ground. Immediately filling the cavern is a light not made by IMRM, coming from the connected room.
	“ALL RIGHT! NICE JOB, FRIENDS! SEE? THIS IS THE POWER OF THE-”
	“WHO THE HELL IN HELL DICK SHIT HELL DARES ENCROACH ON MY DOMAIN?!” an incredibly manly voice booms from what seems like all around them. Mr. Honkers sighs. Upon the voice’s order, the Subspace Orchestra’s once subtle and quiet drums, erupt into a shaking, epic smashing of the manliest and coolest of drums – the Reader knows which ones the Author is talking about- those super cool, intense ones.
	“Scrubs, you should’ve kicked it open more quietly. Now he knows we’re here.”
	“Pffft, sorta hard to kick open a door quietly, Honky,” SISY says, getting on the offensive.
	“Sh-shut up, nerd! I told you that you can’t call me that! Only cool people can use the language of the cool peo-”
	“DID YOU STUPID FAGGOTS HEAR ME? STOP JACKING OFF AND REVEAL YOUR IDENTITIES!” the voice explodes again, sounding really, really angry and manly. The group exchanges glances a moment, and Mr. Honkers speaks up.
	“What’s up. I’m Mr. Honkers, the coolest of the cool. With me are my minions and butt-slaves. They wipe my butt not... you know. We have come to request refuge from the cold, so that we may-”
	“HELL DICK SHIT SHIT DICK ON FIRE SHIT NO! DO YOU THINK YOU CAN JUST BREAK DOWN MY FAVORITE SECRET CAVERN DOOR LIKE SOME DICK ANUS ON FIRE DICK AND THINK YOU CAN PUSSY GET AWAY WITH IT?!”
	“Mr. Honkers,” IMRM speaks to the side to the short one. 
	“Yeah, nerd?”
	“I believe this person we are speaking with is suffering from Tourette’s syndrome, and also seems to have problems managing his anger. If you are to win him over to our cause, you’re going to have to be very clear and poli-”
	“Hey, scrub nerd!” Mr. Honkers yells into the well-lit room, cutting off IMRM’s sound advice. There is a short pause.
	“YEAH?!”
	“Your mom is a nerd.”
	“FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK! I’M GOING TO TEAR OUT YOUR EYES, THEN SHOVE THEM UP YOUR ASS, THEN TEAR OUT YOUR ASS FILLED WITH YOUR EYES, AND THEN SHOVE THEM DOWN YOUR THROAT, AND THEN TEAR OUT YOUR THROAT, AND SHOVE THEM UP YOUR-” the mighty voice continues on, thinking up more and more very creative ways to threaten the group.
	“I bought us some time, let’s get in there and beat ‘em down!” Mr. Honkers commands as he signals IMRM to lead. 
 

	CHAPTER SEVENTEEN: THE XOST XTREME XIZARD (AKA: I’M THE REAL HIGH OVERLORD!)
	Rushing into a storage room filled with barrels of mead and wine, IMRM leads the group through the deepest basement level of the tower amidst the frantic, angered cursing of the seemingly omni-present voice, threatening ultimate manly doom to each. The group moves up a broad spiral staircase, hugging the circular wall, all the way up to the first basement level, which is where the tower-master’s servants meet them.
	They’re well equipped, armed to the teeth and of several different races, from halfling to dragon-kin. Their weapons seem to have a glowing quality to them; UDGD quickly presumes magical. All in all, they are about nine in number.
	“Stop, trespassers! This is the sacred tower of the super-ultimate-badass wizard, Xavior Xerxes Xein!” the only elf in the group says, his hand securely resting on his staff. This elf ticks UDGD off way too much. The elf seems to be the perfect magical sissy stereotype, considering his probably enchanted staff, his tall, feminine frame, and his indignant air of condescension.
	“Yeah? So?” UDGD questions, feeling threatened and irritated enough to take initiative and take this matter into his own hands. The voice of Xavior explodes in a scream of rage over the group.
	“SO?! SO?!!??! I’LL TELL YOU WHAT, YOU IGNORANT PRICK, I’M AN ULTIMATE BADASS WIZARD, WAY MORE MAGICAL THAN YOUR RETARD ASS. YOU SHOULD BE BROUGHT TO YOUR KNEES AT THE SOUND OF MY VOICE! I KILL EVERYTHING! OWN EVERYTHING! THERE’S NOTHING THAT’S OUT OF MY REACH! GUARDS! KILL THESE STUPID DICK FAGGOT SHITS!” the voice proclaims with Xtreme might.
	“Yes sir!” each of the nine guards respond the moment before they rush forward. SISY laughs.

	ENGAGE!

	SISY, always the one that is excited for violence, meets the front man of the opposing group, a tall, muscular dragon-kin wielding a pole arm, with a strong overhead strike. The ancestor of dragons raises his armament with impressive speed, and blocks. SISY’s grin only extends, pleasured with the chance to fight. As the rest of the nine move up to engage, SISY finds himself double-teamed by the dwarf, thrusting at him with one of those wide–bladed dwarven swords. At this same time, the others are engaged by the remaining six, the last one, the elf, casting magic from the back of the room.
	UDGD meets with the halfling and a human, backing up to DTO, who is fighting two other humans. The Grim Axeman delivers a brutal strike to the first swordsman, breaking through his guard easily and smashing his axe into the guard’s ribcage. DTO has no choice, he has to draw his rapier clear into UDGD’s view, or he’ll die. DTO pulls out his blade and parries the incoming strikes of the three others, giving UDGD ample time to lift for another strike and divide the little halfling by two, painting his axe with a deep crimson. UDGD spares only a moment to note the rapier carried by DTO, and then continues on. The other two in the group, IMRM and his short, apparently quite smart companion are engaged by another three.
	“Make these noobs sorry!” Mr. Honkers commands as he pulls out his small device. IMRM draws his scythe to the task and only a second or two passes before the group of three’s hands are torn into mangled, twisted, scattered masses of bones and bloody flesh.
	The elf at the back, speaking in what Mr. Honkers thinks sounds like the most common of lightning magic languages, points him out to the group as IMRM rushes forward to help DTO and UDGD. SISY gives Mr. Honkers a quick nod as he impales the dragon-kin, being dealt a final strike from his foe, who, now a bleeding mess, stabs at SISY’s leg with his pole arm. SISY, wounds bleeding profusely, does not halt to note his wounds but instead rushes up to the mage, who is only able to utter a single syllable of the finishing magical phrase that casts the spell. SISY sweeps his enormous blade through the elf’s legs, smashing the bones with the weight and spewing blood with the edge. The elf’s voice, calm and calculating just a moment ago, is drowned out by a blood-curdling scream of pain, giving SISY just enough satisfaction before he smashes the blade down into the elf, ending his life in a bloody, confused explosion of force that sends his entrails wrapping around the sword. SISY pulls his blade from the elf that looks as though he was just run over by a giant knife, and turns to look at the others. Everyone is perfectly fine, painted with the blood of nine different creatures.

	VICTORY!

	“THAT WAS AWESOME! GOOD JOB, EVERYONE!” SISY barks with dilated pupils.
	“Pshaw. It’s always awesome when I’m around,” Mr. Honkers says with a grin.
 	DTO eyes UDGD carefully; he seems quiet. Is this it? Is he going to die? UDGD obviously saw his sword.
	“Eh, hey, Death,” DTO asks with a skittish, fear-stricken smirk.
	“Yeah?” UDGD replies. DTO pauses a moment, thinking of a way to ask him if he realized anything. He might as well be blunt.
	“Did anything strike you as peculiar about my swor-?”
	“Shut up, scrub! We don’t have time for your sissy discussion. We need to stick it to the wizard!” Mr. Honkers cuts in. DTO sighs, masking his slight relief that UDGD doesn’t seem angry or suspicious, as shown by his simple, calm reply.
	“Alright, let’s go,” DTO says, words skewed with a sigh of relief.
	“DICK SHIT FUCK RIGHT, YOU LITTLE DICK SHIT FUCKS! YOU CAN ALRIGHT, LET’S GO STRAIGHT TO STUPID DICK HELL! HOLY SHIT AM I SICK OF YOU LITTLE SHITS SHITTING AROUND ALL OVER MY PLACE. I MEAN, LOOK AT ALL THOSE FUCKING BODIES! WHAT THE ASS BUTT IS WRONG WITH YOU? FUCK! MY MOTHER WAS A VERY KIND WOMAN! SHE SURE AS HELL WASN’T A NERD LIKE YOU-”
	“She was also a hussy,” Mr. Honkers adds.
	“FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK! FUCK YOU! I’M GOING TO RAPE YOU! YOU JUST COME UP HERE AND I’LL SHOW YOU HOW MUCH OF A HUSSY SHE WA- SHUT UP! YOU’RE ALL DICKS, AND I HOPE YOU’RE READY TO HAVE YOUR ASSES BLOWN ALL THE FUCK WAY TO-” Xavior continues his enraged rants as Mr. Honkers again points IMRM forward, who again leads the group upward. They pass through floor after floor filled with important-looking arcane tomes and objects, each one looking like little else than sissy trash to UDGD.
	He’s surprised someone sounding this angry and manly would dabble in sissy lame magic, but then again, so did the leader of the pyromancers. Neither of these guys are anywhere near as manly and edgy as UDGD, but they were certainly manly in their own rights; could he be missing something to the manliness equation?  UDGD scoffs the thought away as he bolts with his comrades all the way up to the penultimate floor, the one right under the throne of the great ultimate badass wizard.
	The room, plated in solid gold, is filled with countless war trophies, most of them heads and severed limbs. Onward are the stairs to the top, and to the side there in a door, leading to an adjacent room. All around them, they can feel the strong magical vibrations of Xavior.
	“Okay, this should be the final floor before we meet him, is everyone ready? I presume he will try to kill us,” IMRM says, slowing down just a moment to turn to the group. Mr. Honker hums to himself in thought, looks over to the side door, and then looks back to IMRM.
	“Let’s check out that closed room, I bet it’s where he keeps all of his super secret stuff!” the short, chocolate-skinned man says with a confident afro nod. Before anyone has the chance to respond, the group can hear, inside their minds, the ringing of a voice, unspoken for many years.

	“You all, you have something of mine, don’t you?” 

	-the mysterious, calm, and gravelly voice says, instantly conjuring thoughts of immense secret manliness into the minds of the mercenaries. UDGD and the rest turn from the door, feeling it coming from the side room; everyone, that is, with the exception of IMRM, who can’t hear a thing.
	“Maybe, what did you lose?” DTO asks openly, deciding the voice is quite real and worth communicating with.

	“Something very dear. My skull, you see, was torn from my body in a battle against a fellow Overlord, destroying my physical presence and technically killing me. It’s a shame, really, I was sealed away for thousands of years, only to be released from my prison and be killed the following month. My spirit lives on; however, and I say that you restore me back to my old being by simply going inside that room, and placing the skull next to the rest of my skeleton,”

	-the voice says, sounding quite serene for being dead and all. Mr. Honkers quickly fires off that annoying, ultimately pretentious look he usually makes when he realizes he can take advantage of something.
	“Aww yeah? Well what’s in it for us if we do? Don’t think you can just trick us like some sour-butt nerd!” Mr. Honkers says with a broad, superior grin.

	“What’s in it for you? Oh, I see. Well then, should you recompose me, I will find you and lay upon you riches and glory unknown to you before. You would all be compensated more handsomely by doing this than anything else you have done, or will do in your life. Do you find this fitting payment? I should hope so, as-”

	“HEY HEY HEY HEY! WHAT THE DICK, DICKWEEDS?! ARE YOU TALKING TO THAT BLOODGODDAMN SKELETON BITCH? DON’T LISTEN TO HIM! HE’S… HE’S ACTUALLY GAY! YEAH! AND THE MOMENT YOU RELEASE HIM HE’LL COME OUT OF THE CLOSET AND RAPE EACH AND EVERY ONE OF YOU WITH HIS KNIFE-PENIS! UH... NOT THAT I DON’T WANT THAT OR ANYTHING. BY ALL MEANS! GIVE HIM BACK HIS SKULL! SAVE ME THE TROUBLE OF RAPING YOU ALL TO DEATH IN A NON-GAY, TOTALLY MANLY WAY MYSELF!” Xavior yells at the top of his lungs, voice reverberating for miles.
	The group takes a quick look at one another with mocking, condescending expressions.
	“Let’s give that dude his skull,” DTO suggests.
	“Course.”
	“YEAH!”
	“Sure.”
	“I feel that is sensible,” the other four respond as IMRM breaks the lock and opens the door to the side room. In front of them is the headless skeleton of the voice, blazing in a fire of blue awesome-if-it-weren’t-for-the-color coolness.

	“Aww HELL Y-... I mean, you have made a good decision today. Well done. Now throw it here,”

	-the voice requests as UDGD throws the skull at the pile of bones. Suddenly the Subspace Orchestra fires up with reverberant, deep bass, forewarning the awesome badass-level might of the recomposing Overlord, unconquered even by death. Hearing the dramatic music below, Xavior bursts into another long string of obscenities having been hit with the realization that the people really did have the lost skull of the Overlord, and that this Overlord is now complete.
	“DICK SHIT FUCK SHIT DICK PUSSY ASS DICK! I’M OUT OF HERE!” Xavior cries as a strong rumbling emanates from above the group. “ULTIMATE ESCAPE EXPLOSION XTREME!” Xavior yells out with Xtreme volume and terror.

 

	“HOPE YOU’RE READY FOR SOME SERIOUS PAYBACK, XAVIOR!”

	-The voice vibrates from inside the recently unsealed room. Suddenly the skeleton recomposes into its proper form, bursts into five different kinds of flame, gains ridged, strong flesh, and causes the Subspace Orchestra to start cheering frantically in admiration and fear. UDGD and the others stare in awe as the incredible spectacle of a creature gusts out of the room, past them, and upstairs. The five pause a moment as they hear various explosions, crashes, and the screaming of a very-manly wizard from above. It goes on for a few seconds, and then goes silent after the sound of blood, spewing from a felled wizard, passes their ears.
	“Good riddance, dumbass,” a voice says from upstairs. Mr. Honkers, presuming that any dangerous explosion has finished being dangerous and explosive, gives IMRM the signal to lead upwards. IMRM and the others ascend the final group up steps, up to the tower’s roof, complete with a gigantic frozen throne. Flames are scattered all about, and to the side of the throne is the large burning, decapitated, emasculated corpse of Xavior, who apparently was not quite as much of an “ultimate badass” as he had thought. Quite tragic, really.
	The blazing Overlord, looking like a super-cool, not-sissyish rainbow, bows his head with a slight smirk across his face.
	“Not bad, kiddies, thanks again for making me whole again,” he says as he steps off the burning corpse of the wizard. The group, for a moment, is silent in a kind of confused awe, until Mr. Honkers decides to be Mr. Honkers.
	“Pffft, yeah, whatever. It’s not as if we wanted to, except for that you were going to give us stuff, which is why we did it, ‘course,” the short Mr. Honkers says, quickly re-railing the subject to their reward.
	“Oh, yeah. Well, I guess this tower would be cool. Would you like it? I know the user’s manual is around here somewhere,” the colorful Overlord says as he looks about.
	“Why would a tower need a user’s manual?” DTO asks as he watches the fiery oppressor search a well-organized pile of small pamphlet’s in the wizard’s personal desk.
	“Well, were this a regular tower, it wouldn’t. However this isn’t a regular tower, it’s one of my mecha towers. This wizard was one of my minions once, you see, and after I died he simply sealed most of my body away and threw away my skull, presuming I’d never be reco-”
	“We don’t care, noob,” Mr. Honkers says. The Overlord raises an eyebrow in intrigue.
	“You’re certainly the ballsy one, aren’t you? Very well, I’ll skip my story for now. Here,” he says as he hands the operation manual for the mecha tower over to Mr. Honkers. While handing the pamphlet to him seems like the perfectly-reasonable thing for the Overlord to do to Mr. Honkers, the others in the group find it a bit funny, and SISY shoots a smile over in UDGD’s and DTO’s direction, who both reply with their own looks of humor.
	“Thanks,” Mr. Honkers says, bluntly . The tall, radical Overlord grins.
	“Any time. Should you need me, just say ‘I’m a stupid weakling and need the real High Overlord’s help’ five times; or just yell ‘Chaos sucks’ five times- either one, really. You got it?” the Overlord says to Mr. Honkers. 
	“Eh, whatever, yeah, sure,” the rude genius says, too busy with the manual to care about the Overlord.
	“Excellent. So I’m out, then; see you,” he says as he turns around and waves, walking straight for the ledge.
	“Hey,” UDGD says, cutting through the heroic and badass exit music for the Overlord.
	“Yeah?”
	“What’s your name?”
	“My name? Oh, I probably should have told you beforehand. I’m the real High Overlord- name’s Torment. Chaos is just a weakling in comparison, I’ll have you know,” Overlord Torment says with an entitled breath. What he fails to tell the mercenaries; however, is that it was Chaos that sealed him away for so long in an alternate dimension.
	“Hmm, yeah, see ya’,” UDGD responds, deciding to pay his proper respects to the man who is obviously a serious badass. Torment jumps off the tower to go and, yet again, attempt to raise an overlordship.
	“SO NOW WE HAVE A MECHA TOWER, AWESOME!” SISY exclaims with a sweet-looking victory pose. There is a short pause as Mr. Honkers flips through the pages of the small booklet. “So, exactly what is a mecha tower?” SISY questions, having never heard of such a thing before. Mr. Honkers chuckles at the stupidity of his companion, and reads just a moment more so he can sound like he knows what he’s about to talk about.
	“As expected of a scrub like you. A Magical-Mechanical Siege Tower, or Mecha Tower for short, is a tower that, when inactive serves as a standard stronghold from attacks, however when active it uses arms and legs, either already created or manifested with magic, to walk, travel, fight or pick up things. You know, things that inanimate buildings generally can’t do. It’s pretty barbaric, but I suppose it’ll be of some use to us. All I really need to do is figure out how it works and we can move it around with us in tow. It’ll speed up the pace, if nothing else. Good enough, you bent-anus ignoramus?” Mr. Honkers explains with a lengthy description, mostly just paraphrasing what he found in the booklet. SISY smirks a bit, and nods.
	“Yeah, good enough for me,” he says simply, wondering just how red Mr. Honker’s blood is.
	“So, I guess we’ll be spending the night here?” DTO asks, thinking back if there were any beds in the tower they were rushing up.
	“I would presume that is the case. Mr. Honkers, do you think you’ll be proficient enough with the tower’s controls by tomorrow that you will be able to use it?” IMRM says.
	“ ‘Course, dweeb. You go ahead n’ find some food and eat up. Then you can tuck in the babies and go to sleep under my watchful, super-awesome eye.” Honks says, raising his vision from the pages of the manual just long enough to look at the others as if they were stupid baby children. IMRM nods his head and gestures the others to come down with him. In all honesty, the idea of food is not unwelcome to the other three, so they come along. Only two minutes of searching need to pass before DTO finds an exceptionally-large storeroom of delicious raw food, most of it in enchanted refrigeration containers to retain freshness.
	Finding this, DTO volunteers to be the cook, a position which UDGD and SISY are all too happy with giving him, as cooking for others is an obvious sign of sissy-weakness. DTO, who has gained a good deal of skill in cooking for himself is all too thrilled to make a meal that he would actually enjoy. Only twenty minutes pass before he has prepared a fine dish of Agrahalian beef with cheese and various healthy greens. By this time; however, UDGD and SISY have already gotten their fill, just eating various uncooked meats, as they really don’t care.
	After this, they all each claim their own bedroom out of the thirty available in different floors in the tower, and are left to their own devices until Day Cycle again comes to greet them.
 

	CHAPTER EIGHTEEN: “TEAMWORK”
	DTO wakes up at an early hour, right before day cycle. The fire he made in the room’s fireplace has died down hours ago, and he was unmotivated to get up and rekindle it throughout the night. That said, he is quite cold and, once he gets out of bed, dresses himself very, very quickly to fight off the chilled air of the late night cycle- leaving only few hours before the world is again embraced in light. He exits his room out into the warmer center of the tower. There is a quiet ambience from below, sounding like the quiet humming of mana coursing through matter- the sound is unfamiliar to him. He does not recall hearing it last night, and only now is it loud enough that he’d notice it. He decides to take a look downstairs, from where it seems to be coming from.
	DTO steps down a few cases, getting nearer and nearer to the source of the noise, he eventually finds the engine room. It’s funny, when they ran up this room he thought it no more than a large metal art piece. It is now vibrating and humming powerfully, as a bright blue light shifts about the various circuits and pathways.
	“I presume you haven’t seen one of these before,” a voice says from the other side of the large craft of metal and magic. A chill hits DTO for just a moment until he realizes the voice belongs to IMRM, who is just now walking around the generator and approaching him.
	“Oh, you. No, I haven’t seen one of these, should I?” DTO sheepishly enters a relaxed pose that he would proclaim “cool looking”.
	“It wouldn’t be a surprise for me if you had or hadn’t. I’ve simply been surprised how unknowing some cultures are to the ways of other dimensions or places in subspace, and thought I’d ask.”
	“Right, this is the engine, then?” DTO asks, looking over the large contraption pulsing blue between its metal plates.
	“Yes, but ‘generator’ would likely be the more proper term. It has fallen into serious disrepair. I suspect it hasn’t moved for many decades. It’s taken all night, but I’ve finished about half an hour ago, and it should now work okay.”
	“Oh, I didn’t know you were savvy in this sort of stuff.”
	“I wasn’t. I read the manual.”
	“That huge book that Honkers had his nose in? All in one night?”
	“Yes, I decided I’d take it upon myself to learn how it all worked considering the moment we left Mr. Honkers rolled up into a ball and fell asleep.”
	“Ha, not a surprise.”
	“Not particularly, no,” IMRM answers as he looks over the generator a bit more, making sure that none of the warning signs appear that were labeled in the troubleshooting chapter of the handbook. DTO is quiet a moment, watching IMRM watch the engine.
	“So, I’m curious, why are you and Mr. Honkers together? I wouldn’t really think you the kind of person who would be ordered around by... someone like him, you know,” DTO begins again, taking a seat next to the generator, radiating a magic, sissyish warmth. There is a slight pause.
	“I am here to learn, I have very specific and legitimate reasons for helping him achieve his goals, regardless of how mundane they may seem to me, I am certain they are of great significance,” IMRM says with complete honesty. DTO laughs.
	“Significance, really?”
	“Do you find that funny?”
	“Well, you can’t really blame me. Mr. Honkers doesn’t exactly seem the guy to have significant thoughts.”
	“Perhaps not. I have no right to judge, however, because I’ve never been him,” IMRM says as he makes the final observations to the various magical and mechanical devices required for the generator. DTO looks at the tall, mysterious man strangely, and shrugs.
	“To all their own, I guess.”
	“Perhaps. Pardon me.”
	“Yeah?”
	“As you have asked me why I am here, might I ask the same?”
	“What, why I’m here?”
	“Yes. I have reason to believe that you do not actually know where the location of the ruins are that contains our current goal,” IMRM accuses with a tone of complete peace. DTO is quiet a moment, not showing fear.
	“Heh, now why would you think that? I obviously know the way.”
	“Then, can you tell me the subspace latitude?”
	“Well, no.”
	“Or the longitude?”
	“Not really.”
	“The geological features surrounding the area?”
	“... Sure, it’s uh, Jungle!”
	“It’s flatland.”
	“... Are you calling me a, uh, a liar?!”
	“I suppose I am.”
	“And should I be lying. What then?”
	“Well, obviously I would then question your motives for coming along. If you truly have feigned the knowledge that lead to your recruitment, why are you here?” IMRM asks. There is a small pause, filled with the repetitive whirring of machinery and humming of magic.
	“The, uh, key that you need to, you know, get rid of the traps inside.”
	“Really?”
	“Yes, and I’ve had just about enough of you and your petty accusations.”
	“You showed it to us two days ago. It was a necklace then, not a key.”
	“W-... Well that’s because it... changes form, the closer it gets to the fountain! Anyone who knows anything about the ruins would know that!”
	“So it’s in the shape of a key now?”
	“Well of course! Why else would I... Shit.”
	“May I see it?” IMRM asks simply, extending his hand. DTO looks away a moment, gritting his teeth in fear. He screwed up. Hesitantly, he removes the item from around his neck, and places it in IMRM’s extended, armored palm. IMRM takes one look at the jewel interworked into its metal fittings, and then hands it back to DTO.
	“This is not in the shape of a-”
	“I know I know.... I lied.”
	“... I see, for what purpose?”
	“I wanted to get Graveman back for screwing me over.”
	“Oh, Mr. Death? What did he do?”
	“Cut me out of a paycheck that was rightfully mine.”
	“I see. So what precisely do you intend to accomplish, accompanying us?”
	“I was hoping I would get the opportunity... well, the nerve, actually, to kill him.”
	“You intend on murdering UDGD?”
	“... Yes.”
	“I find that quite objectionable.”
	“Well... well fuck you, man. What are you going to do about it?”
	“Oh, well I suppose I would suggest to you that you attempt simply forgiving him and-”
	“You know what?”
	“What?”
	“I’m sick of being talked down to like I’m some kind of worm. You’re not going to tell him.”
	“Oh, really?”
	“Yeah, because I’m... I’m going kill you right here!” DTO says, losing breath from excitement. IMRM does not move, but simply continues to focus his gaze.
	“You seem to have gained a surprising amount of confidence.”
	“Maybe. I don’t care. I know I could kill all of you. You’re not even slightly good fighters. You may be really tough, but you’re all... you’re all dumbasses!”
	“... Is that so?” Hearing this, DTO, breathing heavily, shakingly moves his grip to the hilt of his rapier.
	“Yeah, that’s so.”
	“I think that this is a bad way to go about this, I would not consider continuing along with-” IMRM is interrupted with the sharp sound of DTO’s rapier being drawn from its hilt, and the quiet whimper of a young man, preparing to commit his first murder.

	ENGAGE!

	DTO thrusts forward at IMRM’s neck, meeting into it and producing a satisfying denting sound. IMRM pulls away quickly, and raises his guard.
	“I must say, I find your capacity for logical discourse amid emotional stress quite dissatisfying,” IMRM says as he prepares for a quick fight.
	“SHUT THE HELL UP!” DTO yells as he rushes forward. Throwing a barrage of strikes forward, DTO is surprised seeing the impressive dexterity of IMRM. He never really paid attention to how fast he was during fights, considering he himself was preoccupied.  “Stay still, dammit!” DTO again exclaims as he thrusts forward again and again, missing every time. DTO pushes forward with all his might, until his sword is caught between IMRM’s index finger and thumb. DTO tries his best to pull the blade from the grip of the tall, black mystery, but is unable to wrest his blade from his hand. A few seconds of struggling, and DTO finally enters a neutral stance, keeping a tight grip on the blade, but not resisting. “Please, I don’t want him to find out, if he does he’ll ki-”
	“Hey,” UDGD interrupts the moment before he sends his axe into the back of IMRM’s head producing a strong dent. DTO draws back in surprise; he didn’t even hear him come downstairs!
	“W-what are you doing here?!” DTO asks with a look of terror. UDGD frowns.
	“Heard a ruckus downstairs, n’ look, a sissy fightin’ a tall asshole. Thought I’d chip in, seein’ you could use some help,” UDGD explains. DTO’s eyes brighten, realizing that UDGD is not only unaware of his intention, but also wants to help.
	“O-okay, let’s get him!” DTO exclaims as the two turn to IMRM, getting back to his feet.
	“Wait, Mr. Death. Why would-” IMRM is interrupted by the joint strike of DTO and UDGD, one striking into his face, and the other smashing his axe into his shoulder. That strange, ceramic sound of IMRM taking damage again fills the generator room, crushing his faceplate and damaging the chassis of his plating. IMRM decides that a peaceful outcome is now quite impossible. UDGD raises his axe once more to smash down into his foe, but misses the strike as IMRM moves out of the way and gains his feet in only half a second’s time. DTO leaps forward and UDGD comes up from the side. IMRM takes one look at the two of them and moves forward himself.
	Leaping up with prodigious dexterity, IMRM smashes his metallic foot topside into DTO’s rapier, neutralizing the threat for only a second, and brings his other foot around and meets it to UDGD’s neck before the axe hits him again. UDGD flies to the side, gripping his neck in pain as he recovers. IMRM then dodges DTO’s next strike, enters his personal space, and grazes the correct point on his foe’s body. DTO coughs, heaves, throws up the remainder of last night’s dinner, and falls over. UDGD rushes forward and sends his axe right at IMRM’s neck. The tall unknown grasps the axe mid-travel, extends his long arm at UDGD, and does the same to him. UDGD is again, just like in the swamp, met with the intense inner pain of having one’s digestive system voided. He does his best to push out a swear word, but only more bile comes up before he falls to his side, and loses consciousness.

	... *sigh* DEFEAT...

	IMRM looks over the unconscious bodies of his two companions, and wonders about their strange behavioral patterns. It seems that, whenever they are accused of murder, they instantly become hostile to the accuser – how very peculiar. That aside, IMRM decides that things would be most troublesome should all four be aware of these unpleasant, unnecessary nightly activities, as morale would take a serious hit as a result. IMRM takes a moment to think of a solution, and then gets to work.

 

	CHAPTER NINETEEN: BUCKLE UP, YA’ DWEEBS! (AKA: THE UNLICENCED DRIVING OF MAGICAL FORTRESSES)
	DTO opens his eyes and finds himself laying in his bed. Coming to grips with the reality of what he is pretty sure happened, he pulls off the covers and inspects his body. Not a single mark and yet, he seems to be covered with... some sort of blue powder. DTO thinks back, straining his mind to recompose the course of events in his mind, but is unable to come up with a reason why he is so dirty. Noting that he is already dressed, he gets up from his bed, and decides to go out and meet his fate.
	Stepping right out of the door, DTO is met with the same humming as before, but this time, can also smell the distinct scent of melting cheese and eggs. He sighs, decides that he might as well find out what is causing it, and goes downstairs to the kitchen. Inside is all four of his companions, three sitting at a large table, and IMRM preparing one last plate of food.
	“Ahh, good morning, Mr. Dick,” IMRM greets with a bow of the head. “Would you like some breakfast? I’m certain you’re quite exhausted after last night,” he adds as he serves another plate of the breakfast he prepared. DTO stands in confusion for a moment, until SISY, who has been stuffing his face while sitting in one of the long table’s chairs, looks up with a mouth filled with bacon and eggs.
	“Mornin’, Dick,” SISY says with a smile and a look of gratitude in his eyes. Hearing the greeting, the other two at the table look up. UDGD, covered in the same blue powder, looks as though he has just been beaten at a game twice now, and Mr. Honkers looks as though he has just lost the self-reliance Olympics.
	“Peh, thanks, I guess. Dweeb.”
	“Mornin’,” the two of them greet. DTO raises a brow; are they just not talking about it?
	“Um, thanks for what, exactly?” DTO says, taking the plate of food from IMRM. Mr. Honkers grumbles under his breath, thinking DTO just wants to rub it in.
	“Well, you and UDGD rather did save our lives,” IMRM notes, turning off the magic stove and joining the others at the table.
	“We... we did what?” DTO asks. UDGD gives a dirty look to DTO, telling him to just shut up and play along.
	“I see, perhaps you’re still recovering from the explosion. Allow me to explain.”
	“Ugh, again?” Mr. Honkers gripes, hating it that someone else has the spotlight.
	“Naw, he should hear it. It’s awesome! I gotta’ say, Dick, I’m super impressed. You really are manly!” SISY says, finding the thought of being around men as capable as he is quite appealing. Mr. Honker sighs, rolls his eyes, and lowers his face to his food. IMRM looks again to DTO, and begins his second strange, and yet surprisingly effective lie.
	“Now then, I was sleeping in my room of choice, when I heard a sound coming downstairs in the generator room. I had thought I had finished with calibrating the generator, having found earlier that it had fallen into serious disrepair over the past few decades, but this sound was louder than its usual running noise. Naturally I went down to investigate, and I found that the generator was actually sentient, and attempting to use its magical trickery to destroy the tower.”
	“YEAH! STUPID MAGICAL GENERATOR SISSY BITCH!” SISY yells over IMRM, totally pumped up that the story contains a theme of how much magic sucks. DTO squints a bit hearing IMRM’s claim. It’s completely ridiculous, but it’s obviously enough to fool Mr. Honkers and SISY, so it should suffice.
	“Hmm, yes. Anyway: I told the generator to stop casting its evil tower-destroying spell, but the tower proved to be most unamiable and then accused me of entering sexual intercourse with my mother. I would not allow the generator to kill us, so I prepared my scythe and fought it in a battle. Regrettably, the generator proved to be too much for me, and it smashed some of my armor plates-”
	“Yeah, friend. You might want to get that looked at. Your armor looks pretty messed up,” SISY again interjects, pointing at IMRM’s faceplate that looks like it was smashed in with a giant axe guitar or something of similar weight. IMRM bows his head.
	“Thank you for your concern, however I am quite unharmed. I will be able to get it repaired after we find the fountain,” IMRM says, causing an interested look from Mr. Honkers.
	Mr. Honkers may not know much about magic and sentient generators and the like, but he certainly does know that IMRM is obviously damaged. The face plate is arguably the most important physical asset of any A.C.E., so it’s strange that IMRM is acting as though it is no big deal. The small man shrugs it off, assuming that IMRM is simply stating that the damage is not enough to seriously affect his fighting efficiency. What is downright suspicious, however, is that IMRM said he was sleeping in his room. Mr. Honkers knows well that something like that is impossible for him.
	“Ahh, gotcha,” SISY says the moment before he shovels in another half-pound of bacon.
	“Indeed. So I was having difficulty with the fight, and was pushed to my limits. I’m not certain if I would have lived if DTO and UDGD did not rush in, but thankfully they did. They heard the fighting below them and came down to take a look. The moment they saw me fighting the generator, they too joined in the fight. It was a hard battle for certain, but we won out and caused the generator to explode. I was further away from the blast, so I was not covered in the blue powder that you have all over you. You were both knocked out from the intense explosion, so I made sure you were both okay, took you both to your respective rooms, repaired the generator, and went to sleep until it was time for breakfast. That’s what happened. Do you remember now?” IMRM claims, pensively resting his patient hands on the table. DTO stares at the others for a moment, and then slaps his forehead.
	“Oh yeah! I remember now! Boy I must’ve been knocked for a serious loop to forget it,” he lies as he casually picks up his already-poured cup of coffee meant for him off the table. SISY grins, displaying the wreckage of half-chewed food from his teeth, and nods in agreement.
	“So, what’s the plan after we finish up?” UDGD adds, wanting to leave the subject about as much as DTO. DTO’s surprised, hearing UDGD actually ask for someone’s opinion. Again, DTO’s opinion is changed, ever so slightly, of the Grim Axeman. Mr. Honkers swallows down some orange juice, of which he had specifically requested, to wash away his current mouthful.
	“Obvious, noob. I’ll drive the tower and we’ll get to the temple late tomorrow, instead of half a week, right, robo-nerd?”
	“I suppose that depends on how capable you are at operating such a contraption.”
	“Peh! Whatever, dweeb. Let’s get started,” the Great Honkster says as he gets up from his chair, haphazardly throws his empty plate at IMRM to clean, and marches upstairs to show everyone how awesome he is. IMRM catches the plate with discomforting ease, and places it in the sink.
	“If you’re all done, you can join Mr. Honkers at the top. Unless you’d rather help me with the dishes.”
	“Eh, no thanks.”
	“I’m not a sissy. See ya,” say DTO and SISY as they get up and leave their eating utensils with IMRM. UDGD also gets up and does the same. DTO and SISY leave in somewhat of a hurry, partially wanting to avoid washing dishes, and also partially wanting to see Mr. Honkers fail at driving the mech-tower. The two ascend the steps, but UDGD loiters behind just a moment. IMRM brings the collected dishes and forks to the magic water-creating sink, drops them in, and grasps the soap to begin cleaning. UDGD just stares at him for a moment.
	“Why?” The Grim Axeman asks, turning his head cooly, just to see IMRM a moment before he too ascends to the highest floor. IMRM’s stare rises up from his dishes, and addresses UDGD with an honest, upfront gaze. The light from inside the tower shines off into the cloak, very clearly displaying the wrecked, cracked armor that looks like a cross between thick darkness and glass. 
	“My job is too important to me to let you two running around smashing people and things without regard,” IMRM says without even a hint of emotion. UDGD’s frown, usually manly and uncaring, quickly gains a tone of anger.
	“And just what the hell is your job? Who are you?”
	“You’ll see a good deal more of... people like me in the following years. So just wait, Mr. Death. Your questions will be answered with time,” IMRM says with a nod. UDGD huffs pridefully, and turns to go up. He stops on the first step however, because he has realized in his quick moment of emotion that IMRM really doesn’t care what kind of person he is, as long as he follows his few rules. UDGD decides to lower himself, just for a moment, to finally answer a certain question that has been on his mind a good while now.
	“Hey.”
	“Yes?”
	“Lemme see yer face. I at least want to get a look at who ya’ are.”
	“Are you certain? People tend to get a bit uneasy when they realize just what I am.” 
	“Ya’ think I’m some sort of pussy? Show me.”
	“If you insist,” IMRM answers as he reaches up to his hood and pulls it back.
	IMRM’s helmet is of a texture and shimmer UDGD has never seen before. It is incredibly glossy and reflective, and of one perfectly-solid color: black. Upon closer inspection, UDGD can spot a few onyx-colored beads of sort, worked into the helmet at various places. UDGD presumes these must be the holes he uses to see out of. It looks, in a single word, quite badass.
	“Your face, show it to me,” UDGD adds as the sound of various gears and engines seem to activate around them. The tower must be entering its mobile form.
	“This is it.”
	“Bullshit. Yer face, yer actual face,” UDGD demands. IMRM tilts his head to the side a bit, curious of the nature of such a strange demand, and then decides he might as open the bag of cats for this silly, surprisingly strong man. IMRM reaches up to his head, and grasps the shattered, folded, skewed plating.
	“I suppose if that would put your mind at eas-”
	“WHAT THE ANUS?!” a nasally voice yells from above. Suddenly the entire castle shakes, and screaming, which probably belongs to Mr. Honkers, pierces UDGD’s ears. The room begins to tilt, and UDGD grasps onto something to keep himself from sliding.
	“What the hell are they doin’ up there?!” UDGD yells with a grisly scowl.
	“Oh! That’s it!” is the next sentence yelled from above as the tower promptly untilts and regains its balance. UDGD sighs, and shakes his head.
	“Whatever, I’m going up.”
	“Very well. Enjoy yourself.”
	“Yeah, sure,” is the last thing UDGD says as he storms up the stairs with strained breaths. Mr. Honkers, that little idiot, he better know how this thing works, as UDGD really does not appreciate the thought of toppling into a giant ravine while inside a sketchy-looking tower like this. If IMRM is going to be some weird guy and not show his face under any circumstance, he’ll let him; not like it’s really his business or anything.
	UDGD climbs all the way to the top to witness Mr. Honkers on the throne, shifting about controls and leavers that seem to have come up from the floor. The Graveman is surprised, seeing that short, stupid man driving it with what looks like a fair amount of ease.
	“You almost killed me,” UDGD says bluntly as he steps up to the three, DTO and SISY, both slowly releasing their grips from on the throne. A few seconds ago it was the only thing keeping them from sliding off the roof and to their doom.
	“Yeah whatever. Don’t distract me or you’ll die for serious,” Mr. Honkers replies with a jerkish smirk crosses his face. UDGD sighs again, and stays close to the throne as he looks about.
	Looking down, the tower now has a pair of stone-brick arms and legs, and is very-cautiously stepping down the mountainside. Admittedly, it’s a bit misty at this height, so Mr. Honkers, who apparently has a knack for driving giant anthropomorphic towers, is exercising a bit more caution than usual. UDGD cannot say he finds the sensation of riding a tall, tall tower very comforting, because it looks like it could quite-easily trip and send the party, some of the less dexterous ones, at least, to a gravity-based doom. Aside from that, UDGD has never experienced anything quite like this, and comes to enjoy the sensation after a few minutes. Of course, enjoying things is super not-manly, and he does his best not to show it, but Mr. Honkers turns out to be a surprisingly-capable operator for this giant machine. Feeling secure enough to let go of his pillar, UDGD releases and realizes that the movement really isn’t that bad at all. Seeing UDGD let go of his object of motion-security, SISY decides to do the same. After all, he’s more manly than UDGD. DTO looks on with jealousy as he watches UDGD and SISY stand up with such confidence.
	“So, friend, tell me about the fight with the generator! IMRM was too vague, so you should give me all the awesome details,” SISY asks UDGD to make conversation between him, and the other man standing on his own two feet. Mr. Honkers, also next to them as he sits on the throne and messes with the various tower controls, sighs as the subject of UDGD, DTO, and IMRM saving the other two comes up. UDGD frowns, finding SISY’s way of speech far too enthusiastic to be truly considered manly. The Graveman does his best to make up a story enough like IMRM’s to keep from arousing suspicion, but gritty and violent enough to satisfy SISY.  UDGD wonders to himself as he tells the story... where did IMRM even get all of this blue dust from? Could it have really been the generator?

	 
	CHAPTER TWENTY: THE DOOM DRAGOONS: GET YOUR FACE READY FOR SOME ULTIMATE JUSTICE! (AKA: TRY HARDER, WEAKLINGS!)
	A few hours have passed of relative peace about the group. The tower has reached a vast, flat grassland, of which Mr. Honkers has decided to continue across until lunch time, in which he will take a break from the terribly tiring job of sitting in a chair and controlling a walking tower. UDGD, DTO, and SISY have been telling various stories to one another, most of them made up on DTO’s end, whereas SISY and UDGD have droves of interesting and violent tales to tell. They are on one of the common floors, meant for the various servants to live about and fraternize. UDGD was just telling a story of his about the time he took on the cult of the eyeball eaters and saved a town near Liuil. The Swordsman is perfectly enamored with the Axeman’s storytelling, whereas DTO on the other hand is lazily tuning in and out as he stares out one of the tower windows. A delicious scent is wafting up from below. IMRM must be almost done with preparing the next meal.
	“-so then I smashed th’ guy’s head in and the people of the town gave me some cash. It was pretty cool,” UDGD says, finishing his third tale thus far in the group of three.
	“AWESOME! SO, THEY-”
	“Volume,” UDGD interrupts SISY promptly. He usually doesn’t mind when SISY yells his head off during fights, but in a quiet atmosphere it would only cause him headaches.
	“Ugh. So, they rewarded you for killing their leader?” SISY responds after a quick change of his noise-level.
	“Yeah, I guess they didn’t like ‘em much.”
	“Wow, I wish I could get paid for killing people. How would someone come into a line of work like that?”
	“’Spose you’d find a mercenary agency and ask for work, is all. I hear some ask you to prove your fighting ability before letting you do anything, but I doubt you’d have a problem with that.”
	“Cool, is that how you got into it? What did you do?”
	“Was pretty easy for me. When I was about twenty seven I... I fell inta some debt n’I really needed some cash. The landlord was a dick, and was famous around those parts f’ killing people who couldn’t pay up. I was a good blacksmith, my pa’ taught me real well, but it wasn’t enough to make the bills. He came with his friends one day n’... well, I killed them all after they tried to kill me. I realized I was much better at usin’ the tools I made, rather’an makin’ ‘em. So, ‘fore the authorities came, I packed up and left my old life behind. I traveled for days until I found Liuil, and then found Criman’s Mercenary guild. There’s a couple other of these mercenary guilds around Liuil, but Criman’s pays the best, because it is always given the hardest jobs by people needin’ services. Once I did my first job with them, I knew I was somewhere I’d be okay with living; so I bought myself a home and devoted m’ time to completin’ work. There ya’ have it,” UDGD finishes, inciting a look of interest from SISY.
	“That’s... that’s sooo cool! Wow! So you just take jobs all day, killing people?” SISY asks with the eyes of a child entering a vault of limitless candy. UDGD pauses a moment.
	“Yeah,” the Graveman says with cool frown. Overhearing this, DTO cannot help but smile. UDGD obviously doesn’t do jobs every day, it’s more of a weekly thing from what he’s seen of him around the guild; and even so, serious jobs like taking down cults and finding murderers only come up once in a while. He decides to keep quiet about it, and just assumes that UDGD is stretching the truth to appear manlier than he really is.
	“Whoa, you’re so lucky! You must be the happiest man alive!”
	“Uh, no.”
	“What? Come on! You kill things every day! Isn’t that all you need?” SISY asks with a wide grin. UDGD is quiet a moment, and sighs. DTO listens in carefully.
	“... Well, actually there’s quite a bit I’d li-”
	“Ring ring ring” goes an annoying bell.
	“Lunch is ready,” IMRM says from below. Suddenly the tower stops cold, and the frantic, humorous panting of a small man can be heard from above as he scrambles in excitement to get some grub. From the stairs above comes Mr. Honkers, dashing with a speed that the three have never seen him exert before this moment. The short, overweight man with horrible fashion-sense zooms past the three others and down the steps leading to the dining room. DTO looks at SISY, and SISY at DTO, then both at UDGD.
	“Later,” UDGD says as he gets up to go to the dining hall. The other two agree, and go down stairs.
	Entering the dining room, the group is instantly struck with the strength of the food’s aroma. Each plate has a collection of soft, expertly-basted meats surrounding it, creating a steamy, intoxicatingly-delicious scent. In each goblet is a thick stout, of which IMRM had just an hour ago found a large barrel of some pungent liquid.
	“ALCOHOL! ALL RIGHT!” SISY yells with intense excitement, clenching his teeth in the overwhelming thought of guzzling down godly nectar. UDGD does his best to frown amidst the perfect banquet. He has to find something to complain about, or IMRM will have won.
	“... Vegetables, what the hell?” UDGD says with a morbid scowl. DTO calmly takes his seat, and begins eating, utilizing his usually quite-good manners in company; quite different from Mr. Honkers who basically inserts his face into the meal and becomes one with it.
	“Do you not like vegetables?” IMRM questions with a slight tilt of the head.
	“Do you have a vagina? Of course I don’t,” UDGD says with a manly scowl. IMRM pauses a moment.
	“Well, if you would prefer it, I could remove them for you.”
	“Yeah, you better,” UDGD threatens lightly as he watches IMRM take his plate and turn to go to the kitchen.
	“Hey, can I have those?” DTO asks, finding the steamed vegetables quite good. UDGD and SISY look on in some kind of shock.
	“Peh, you like veggies?”
	“I’m surprised,” SISY and UDGD says, one claiming to hate veggies right out, and the other putting up the forefront of eating them out of necessity. DTO is set back a second.
	“Ha, just kidding! Get rid of this green shit,” DTO says as he waves IMRM away. The tall enigma tilts his head again in thought, and then nods.
	“Very well,” IMRM says as he goes to the kitchen, rids the plate of any greens, and then returns to UDGD with a plate of only meat.
	“Good,” UDGD says upon retrieving his new, less-healthy plate. DTO feels that IMRM, as strong as he is, must be rather weak-willed to let himself be pushed around like that. If he were IMRM, he’d have smashed UDGD’s face in for such disrespect.
	“I’m glad I could accommodate your tastes,” IMRM says with a nod of the head. SISY and DTO find it more than a little strange that IMRM is so easily walked on. SISY presumes it’s because he values their manly friendship just that much, whereas DTO thinks he might be weak, or have the hots for UDGD; or something else weird like that.
	“Whatever,” UDGD responds as he promptly begins stabbing pieces of meat, and devouring whole, uncut chunks. Were this the day before, DTO would have spoken up, but it seems that UDGD considers him “too cool” to challenge his own views. The group eats silently with the exception of the sound of Mr. Honkers and SISY ravenously shoveling food into their mouths, when IMRM, who has been leaning against the wall, looks up, and then turns his head as if he were staring off into the distance.
	“It seems that something is approaching,” he says, turning back to the others. SISY and DTO quickly exchange glances. How would he know that?
	“Really? I guess we might as well check then,” DTO says, leaving his half-finished plate for later.
	“Yeah, I’ll come with you,” SISY adds, pushing aside his well-cleaned plate.
	“I will come with the two of you, then,” IMRM also adds with his simple, courteous nod. The three of them march up to the roof, leaving UDGD and Mr. Honkers together. There is an awkward pause, as both of them have finished their meals. Now that he is done eating, Mr. Honkers seems interested in little else other than that thick operation manual for his little device. UDGD waits a moment, and then decides that the others would make far better company. His decision to leave is solidified once Mr. Honkers lets loose a horrendous fart, charmingly accommodated with a “pbbbbhhhhht” noise.
	“I’ll go with ‘em.”
	“You better,” is the sum of their quick exchange of words.
	UDGD climbs up the steps, and notes the distinct sound of SISY, yelling in excitement; oh boy.
	“-OOOOOOOA! SO COOOOOOOOOOO-” SISY continues to scream at the top of his lungs with a maniac tone. UDGD climbs to the top and looks on to behold one of the most incredible sights he has experienced in his life.
	Hovering a hundred feet off of the ground, casting an oppressive shadow of freedom and justice, is an enormous flying island with what looks like a city of white stone resting upon it. The island is traveling this way, and then stops about fifty feet away. UDGD can spot several men standing at the edge of the island on what looks like a runway of sorts. The one dressed in the most condescending and flamboyant of armors out of the group steps forward. Suddenly a spell-circle appears on the side of the island, signifying that a voice-amplification spell is working to bring the leader’s words to UDGD and his comrades.
	“You are trespassing onto the lands of the kingdom of Smashland. State your business or prepare for ultimate justice!” the leader says from the island to the tower. UDGD quickly finds fault with this man’s attitude, and speaks up first.
	“That’s none o’your business. Get out of our way,” UDGD says with a manly scowl. UDGD can hear laughing from the island as the various armored men across him chuckle at the threat.
	“I don’t think we’ll be doing that. The Doom Dragoons of Smashland have taken a solemn oath to protect our land, and you, evil pirates, have no choice than to surrender or die a painful, manly, blood-gurgling death,” the leader responds with a cocky demeanor. Mr. Honkers comes up, hearing the conversation.
	“What are you scrubs doing? Who are these guys?”
	“We are her royal majesty’s force of elite soldiers: THE DOOM DRAGOONS!” the leader claims, this time finishing with an excited yell. Quickly the various men strike cool poses when the name of their force is called out. UDGD rolls his eyes, whereas SISY finds their excitement quite relatable.
	“Wow. I’ve heard some lame names before, but that’s just horrible,” Mr. Honkers says as he crosses his short, stubby arms.
	“YOU! The one with the big purple hair! Dare you talk down to the servants of her majesty, the queen?!”
	“Yes,” Mr. Honkers replies simply. The leader cringes in surprise. No one has ever said that to him before. To disrespect a servant of the queen is on par with treason. The leader crosses his arms, and the now-quite-serious members of the squad step up to the edge.
	“I see you’re quite new here. For this, I will forgive you for that major disrespect towards the throne of Smashland. Now surrender, and you will still escape with you-”
	“Bite me, dweeb.”
	“Naw.”
	“I’M TOO PUMPED TO NOT FIGHT!” Mr. Honkers, UDGD, and SISY respond respectively. IMRM reaches inside of his cloak, ready to fight. DTO looks around in shock, dumbfounded that these men can resort to deadly combat so quickly; he really shouldn’t be surprised.
	“Wait! Wait wait wait! Everyone, we can talk this through!” DTO says, stepping up in an attempt to pacify the two groups.
	“Shut up, idiot.”
	“It’s too late to apologize, attack!” UDGD and the leader say. Quickly, the various men at the other side of the island begin running forward at an intense speed, as if the people themselves were just about to lift off and take to the air. The five draw out their weapons, with the exception of Mr. Honkers, who leaps onto the throne and activates the mech tower’s movement. UDGD scoffs, seeing the various “doom dragoons” run forward with such speed, as if they were just about to jump off the island to their deaths. The nine other dragoons rush for the edge, and with a simultaneous movement, all jump off the island, soaring into the air, and falling forward right onto the tower with unbelievable dexterity. DTO is shocked at their display of incredible speed and leaping-ability, but cuts his marveling short, as one is hurtling towards him with a long, jagged lance.

	ENGAGE!

	DTO meets his rapier to the dragoon’s lance, but is in the same moment outranged and steps aside, barely dodging the tip, thrusting to penetrate his face. UDGD steps up and smashes the dragoon from behind, shearing the armor and revealing the dragoon’s face just long enough to show a confused, shocked expression the moment before the axe cleaves through his skull, spilling his blood and brains everywhere. The other dragoons are shocked at this cowardice, two on one, and decide to rid themselves of their own rules of honor. The eight dragoons draw their own lances, and charge forward. UDGD, DTO, SISY and IMRM raise their guards around Mr. Honkers, who is frantically tapping the confusing controls to the mechanized building.
	“Two each, it seems,” IMRM says.
	“NOT ENOUGH!” SISY yells as he breaks rank and rushes forward.
	“Shit!”
	“Dumbass!” DTO and UDGD say in unison as SISY throws his blade down into one of the dragoons, parting the armor from itself and parting the man’s right arm from the rest of his body. Quickly the other dragoons thrust at SISY, who simply takes the impalings and continues swinging with hysterical excitement. The other three rush forward and provide the extra manpower needed. With mechanical accuracy IMRM strikes his scythe through three pairs of hands, disarming nearly half of the remaining dragoons. DTO and UDGD match up to alternatively deliver punishing, defensive strikes and aggressive, killer strikes to three others. SISY, impaled on the lance of the final dragoon, grips the weapon, raises his fist, and smashes his enemy in the face.
	“What the hell are you guys doing?! Kill them!” the leader yells from across the divide on the island. SISY pulls the spear out of his uncovered chest, and thrusts back, running the dragoon through with both the lance, and his giant sword. The dragoon, the last one remain after DTO and UDGD’s barrage of strikes and swings, convulses in pain as SISY pulls the two weapons in opposing directions, opening the man’s chest cavity up like a surgeon. Then, amidst the blood spewing out of the wound, SISY reaches in, shears open his ribcage, tears out his heart, and shoves it right into the man’s throat.
	“HOW DOES IT TASTE?!” SISY screams into the man’s face as his pupils dilate into nothingness. Seeing his force of men so easily and brutally slaughtered, the leader of the dragoons draws out his own lance. With a loud bang, the weapon is spilled from its sheath, obviously displaying its magical status.
	“I’ll make you pay for this!” the man yells as he too runs off and leaps forward. The man looks like a far-more capable fighter when compared to the others. The three group up (SISY excluded, as he is busy punching the corpse of the man he killed in the face) as fire blazes out of the man’s lance, soaring forward to kill them all. The captain of the Doom Dragoons lands square on the edge of the tower, creating a sizable explosion and pushing DTO off his feet. He is pulled up by IMRM, and he steels himself for the real fight.
	“I’ll make sure it takes a while,” the captain says as he flexes his huge, armor-covered muscles.
	“I think not, nerd-scrub,” Mr. Honkers responds with an air of perfect relaxation.
	“Eh?” is all the captain says, before he is utterly ruined. From the side of the tower, comes the enormous, house-sized left arm of the tower, sweeping across over the head just low enough to smash the dragoon. The arm is lifted, and all that remains is the obliterated, confused mess of the captain’s blood, organs, armor, and bones, all tangled together in an incoherent blob of gore.

	VICTORY!

	“Nice job!” DTO says with relief as wipes the blood and sweat off of his brow. Mr. Honkers hops off, stretches, and shrugs.
	“Yeah, pretty normal for me, actually,” he says as he adjusts his neon-purple goggles. UDGD is quiet a moment, tying it all together, and then sighs.
	“Not bad, I guess,” he admits, appreciating the help, but still thinking he could have one-on-oned that guy easily. Mr. Honkers basks in the praise as SISY, completely covered in the blood of his enemies, stands back up. He looks up, lifting his hands to the sky, and lets loose an excited, ultimately-pleasured laugh as he marvels at the reflection of his bloody hands against the light of the sky. DTO and Mr. Honkers look upon the display with disgust, finding it quite disturbing to have someone so turned on by violence in their group. UDGD on the other hand, makes no note of it, as he is usually the kind of person to let people be however they want, as long as it doesn’t screw with what he is.
	“Heh... hehehehe... not bad, not bad at all,” SISY finally says as he turns his head to the others.
	“Are you... okay?” DTO asks, noting the several wounds in SISY’s chest.
	“Never better,” the intensely muscular swordsman responds with a smile, just as sane as his usual.
	“Well, okay,” DTO says as he turns his face away from SISY, the island, and the several mutilated corpses.
	“Yeah, now get a bath, Swordsman. You smell,” UDGD tells SISY, who is covered in all kinds of different internal organs.
	“Yeah... yeah, sure thing!” he answers as he walks past the four to go find some water elsewhere in the tower. Just as he gets to the steps, IMRM raises his hand.
	“Wait,” he says with a simple warning. Everyone looks at him.
	“Eh, robo-nerd, they’re dead. What’s the problem?”
	“We may have killed that one force, but they are now preparing to fire.”
	“Fire? What the hell do you mean, fi-”

	ENGAGE!

	UDGD’s question is drowned out by the sounds of explosions coming from the island. The tower is pelted with several large shells, smashing through the reinforced walls at the legs of the great moving keep. The right leg is obliterated by the artillery strike, and all five of the men are overcome with the horrific feeling of instability when at great height.
	“Hang on!” UDGD yells as he swings his axe straight into the rock floor for leverage. Pieces of stone are flung off the side as the tower tilts off to the side and then the left leg is broken out from the weight.
	“GET READY TO JUMP, SLOWBIES!” Mr. Honkers cries at the controls as he does his best to tilt the tower forward, reaching the arms towards the floating island. The right arm just barely grips the base of the floating fortress, pulling itself towards the island for just a split-second long enough to leap from one to the other.
	“Go!” UDGD yells as he, SISY, and DTO rush off and jump. The three soar for a moment as the tower behind them plummets to the ground hundreds of feet below. DTO, turning his head just a moment to look behind him, can see Mr. Honkers jumping off the controls, and IMRM, that mystery, standing right next to him. Only a second passes before the tower tilts, the arm loses its grip, and the two plummet down out of sight atop of the doomed fortress.
	UDGD catches his breath as the sound of the tower behind them crash into oblivion.
	“Everyone good?” the axeman asks to the swordsman and the more-wimpy swordsman.
	“YEAH, THAT WAS SWEET!” SISY yells with an excited fist pump in the air, still covered in blood.
	“And you, Dick?”
	“Uh, I’m good, but what about the other t-”
	“They’re dead.”
	“Yeah, had to happen sometime!”
	“They were also assholes. You c’n lead us and we’ll be fine,” UDGD says unceremoniously. He doesn’t look phased in the slightest.
	“Eh... yeah, yeah, we’re fine,” DTO says, gulping down the terror of being alone, with only his disguise staying between him and UDGD’s axe. It’s only him, Death, and the idiot-crazy swordsman now; either he acts before they find out that he doesn’t know the way to the ruins, or he’s a dead man.
	“First thing first, friends, we need to brutally slaughter everyone on this ship,” SISY says with a grin as he brandishes his blade.
	“You mean: ‘go straight to the leader and kill them, then have the men drive us to the temple ruiny thing,’” UDGD corrects, not finding SISY’s constant lust for blood all that practical to his goal. SISY shrugs.
	“I’ll take what I can get. LET’S DO THIS!” SISY cries with an enthused roar. DTO nods, and the three men rush forward to the great gates of the castle on the floating island.

	 
	CHAPTER TWENTY ONE: ULTIMATE MANLY FRIENDSHIP FORCE (AKA: SOUNDS GAY, REALLY EFFICIENT)
	The coal-skinned, white-painted user of the greataxe, Ultra Death Graveman Death Death Death, sprints with his two comrades for the shining gates of Smashland’s only floating island keep.
	The Subspace Orchestra fires up with an intense drumming. A dozen percussion instruments of a dozen varieties begin smashing in rhythmic time with the strides of the warriors, and as they approach the gate, all could hear the distinctive distortion of a bass guitar strumming with angry, intense anticipation. UDGD, SISY, and DTO get the feeling that this is going to be their manliest, most badass fight yet.

	UDGD’s not afraid, DTO is half-terrified, and SISY, for a quick moment, thanks his beloved goddess, Ree the Bloodless, for this wonderful day of violence that she has given him.

	“Turn yourselves in! If not, you’re dead!” A voice booms out of the magical loud speaker of sorts as they approach the gate. The awesome music must have alerted the soldiers of Smashland to their presence.
	“Go straight for the leader, plow through everyone that gets in our way,” UDGD says as he picks up speed a tad, heading right for the gate of the keep, opening now to release the guards.
	“GOTCHA!”
	“A-alright!” the other two respond in their own distinctive ways.
	A group of about fifteen guards rush out, looking far less cool than the fully-armored dragoons from before, but still salty enough to be capable fighters.
	“There they are,” a guard at the side says as they rush forward, spears bending to impale their targets. DTO’s eyes widen when he sees the massive line of sharp objects heading their way.
	“Shit! Guys, there’s no way we can charge into that many spears. We’ll be torn apart before we even get close!” DTO says to the other two as he slowly loses speed to encourage a stop. The other two keep running.
	“Guys!... Gu-”
	“IT’S CUTTIN’ TIME!” SISY yells over DTO’s pleading. DTO stops cold and leaps back the moment the spearmen get in striking range.

	ENGAGE!

	UDGD and SISY throw their weapons across smartly from the center to the sides, smashing through several of the spears at both sides, considering their wooden construction, they break with surprising ease. The counter is far from perfect, however, and three spears get through. One shears at UDGD’s cheek, flaying some crimson blood onto his dark face. One cracks unceremoniously into UDGD’s heavy piled armor. The final spear goes into SISY’s abdominals, only penetrating about an inch before it is slowed by his horrifically well-packed musculature. SISY churns his abs with absolutely zero hesitance, breaking the tip into his body, and splinters the spear in half.
UDGD grasps the spear that hit his cheek, the only one still unbroken, and lifts his axe. Suddenly UDGD is met with an orchestra of strikes and punches from the responding guards, quickly entering his space, gripping the axe at equal bounds as he, and smashing his nose, effectively breaking it. UDGD only needs to thrust his free hand forward once to incapacitate two of the guards. Four still remain on his end, but they will prove little problem. UDGD continues by punching his free hand up into the elbows of the guards holding the axe back, snapping two of the three arms withstraining it, proving the last guard easy to overpower. UDGD wins back his axe and gets back to work.
	SISY pulls the wrested spear tip out of the wound and steps back. He throws the guards into a fury of confusion as he swings his monumentally-large blade across the small crowd, splitting through about half of the group. As a wave of blood flies up in the air and splashes on SISY, one guard steps back to regain his thoughts, and the other two dash up to kill him with fists. The first one is met with the tip of the spear right into his eye, piercing through his pupil and causing for a most-pleasing display of screaming and pain for SISY. The man falls over and squirms on the ground as the other one wails his fists weakly on SISY. It’s obvious this guy has lost it. With a precise, instant movement, SISY seizes the man’s jugular, tightens his grip on it, and tears it out with a laugh. The man falls over with his comrade, gurgling up all sorts of gross stuff. SISY turns to the man whom he impaled with the spear tip, now frozen in pain on the ground, and decides he might as well finish him off as well. Amidst the dying screams of the men at UDGD’s side, SISY raises his boot and sends it right into the tip of the spear against the man’s skull, forcing it in all the way and splitting his foe’s head clean open.
	UDGD and SISY raise their weapons from the crimson wreck of bones and flesh before them, and look up to the last guard who stepped back, eyes wide in unexplainable shock. DTO steps back up to the others, humbled and embarrassed.
	“The hell was that, Dick? Why’d ya’ run?” UDGD asks, turning his head just a bit to have both the terrified guard and DTO in his field of vision. DTO breaks into fierce cold sweat.
	“Ugh, I thought it wasn’t... tactical,” DTO says, averting his gaze like a weak little weakling. UDGD raises a brow in suspicion.
	“Your family must be big on strategies... that’s just what your brother would’ve said.”
	“Oh, uh, yeah. Our... Ma’ taught us to use our heads.”
	“Well it’s stupid. Stop it.”
	“Okay,” DTO says, finishing the short conversation between the two. The two turn back to the guard, who is still standing perfectly erect in fear, and SISY, who is doing that creepy laugh of his after he’s killed a bunch of people.
	“Hey, kid,” UDGD says to the guard, notably younger than the others.
	“Y... ye-yeah?” he slowly forces out, his eyes like perfect doorways to display his fear. SISY chuckles with demented pleasure hearing the guard respond. He slowly raises his blood-covered face to view him.
	“Lead u-”
	“HAVE YOU BLED TODAY?!” SISY interrupts, stealing UDGD’s cool one liner moment, and replacing it with his own. The guard boy writhes in horror as SISY leaps forward, sword poised high, and splits through him next perfect grace. The slash went only halfway through the guard’s torso, giving SISY the opportunity to pull the blade out and cut across, sending three giant chunks of departed human flailing about, rather than the common two.

	UNNESSCESSARILY- GORY VICTORY!

	“HA! HAHAHA! HA-” SISY laughs on with maniac excitement as he smashes his broadsword into the pile of corpses again and again, each time sending a new wave of red warmth about. UDGD sighs, and DTO begins wondering which of the two men would be more dangerous. UDGD would probably kill DTO were he to find out his secret, but at least he’s not completely insane.
	“Swordsman, idiot. What the hell were ya’ thinkin’ killin’ that guy?” UDGD says as he rests his large axe on his shoulder. SISY tastes his blood covered hand for just a moment, and turns to UDGD with a wide grin, stretching across his entire face.
	“DAMN! NOW THAT’S WHAT I CALL-”
	“Volume.”
	“Uh, friendship spirit! That was awesome, and we all did our part, too!” SISY says with an obliviously-positive expression. UDGD scowls.
	“Dick did nothing. Didn’t cha notice?” UDGD says as he motions for the three of them to enter into the gates. The three step inside and look around.
	“... No, I guess I didn’t. I was too excited to fight I guess.”
	“That’s pretty damn obvious. Anyway, you can’t jus’ kill folks like that. I w’s gonna get ‘em to take us to the boss,” UDGD says with a low brow, squinting to show both his displeasure and his surprise at his companion’s unnecessarily-violent disposition. SISY looks a bit mixed on UDGD’s words.
	“Well, I dunno, friend. He could have totally turned his back on us, and he also tried to kill us earlier, so it’s just fair,” SISY explains, waving his finger with an astute pride, under the impression that he is using good logic.
	“Yeah, but it’s impractical. Just stop fighting when they do, steada’ doin’ that crazy shit back there; got it?” UDGD instructs with a stern scowl. A rare frown forms across SISY’s face.
	“Yeah, sure,” he says.
	“Good, now let’s go.”
	The three make their way through the center of the keep, watched by several terrified onlookers from the various windows and walls surrounding them. UDGD points to the central building, a tall, gaudy structure, presuming that it contains whoever’s in charge, and advances with the mysterious rapier user and the insane greatswordsman. The next pair of doors guarding the keep open before the three. From the entryway several armed figures are pushed out of the doors, which are promptly closed back to defend the interior. This group consists of about five women, each with drawn shortswords. UDGD frowns. The attires of these females are obviously those of cooking, cleaning, nursing, and the like. DTO looks at the scared women with confusion.
	“Girls? What the hell?” DTO says as he seriously considers sheathing his blade. There’s no way he’s going to kill women, especially ones that don’t want to fight.
	“What a bunch of pussies,” UDGD says outwardly, realizing how cowardly the men are to force non-combatants to their death.
	The front most woman, hearing the chorus of threats coming from behind her to march forward and fight for the cowards hiding in the keep, slowly takes her first step. SISY is the only one of the three who seems pleased by this saddening display, and stops along with the other two to rest a moment.
	“Well, I’ve never killed a women before. My mom told me that they crack with a better noise than-”
	“Shut the hell up! That’s sick!” DTO snaps back at SISY, who is quite surprised by the outburst.
	“What do you mean? What’s the problem with breaking bones?”
	“No! Women! Girls! Ladies! Females! You can’t kill them. It’s wrong!” DTO says with an intense glare. UDGD stays silent, noting that the group of women are now very-gradually moving forward, raising their guards with intense caution.
	“Wait... What?” SISY questions right before he sharpens his gaze knowingly “... Oh, you’re a sexist, aren’t you, Dick?” SISY says with a smirk.
	“What? No! It’s just evil! Killing women is evil!”
	“It’s not evil, it’s fair. If we were to spare them, then we would be treating these fine ladies as inferior warriors, not even worth our time to kill. You wouldn’t want to hurt their feelings, would you? Everyone deserves a chance to die honorably,” SISY says with a capable, satisfied nod.
	“Wha-... wha-... Are you insane?! Look at them! They’re terrified!”
	“So were the men we were fighting, friend. No one likes it when their weakness is pointed out to them,” SISY says with a smile. DTO is dumbfounded; just what are children taught in the Crimson Kingdom?
	“Well, yeah, but that’s different.”
	“How’s that, friend?” SISY asks as the women close the distance about halfway.
	“Because they’re weaker! Men are supposed to protect women!”
	“Don’t be weird, man. As if you could just say ‘you can’t fight’ to half the population.”
	“No! Women don’t like to fight! Look at them!”
	“They’re just afraid; that’s not their gender’s fault.”
	“But they wouldn’t have a chance!”
	“Let’s see and find out, friend. My mother was quite the fighter.”
	“N-no! Dude! You can’t just-”
	“Hey,” UDGD interrupts, his calm, bitter chords overpowering DTO’s weak little voicebox. SISY and DTO turn to the Grim Axeman.
	“Yeah?”
	“What?!” the two respond.
	“I’m going to get these girls to take us to the boss. Don’t kill ‘em,” UDGD states. DTO and SISY look at one another, and then back at UDGD.
	“Yes! Great idea!” DTO says with an awkward thumbs up and stars in his eyes. SISY shrugs.
	“Yeah... yeah I guess that’s good,” he responds with a frown. DTO lets out a sigh of relief, and then inhales quickly again, coming to the realization that UDGD just did something halfway decent. He didn’t have to spare all of them, but apparently he’s going to try and protect them from the wrath of SISY.
	The women are now only ten feet away. The front one raises the edge to best-copy what she’s seen her father do, and eases forward. UDGD sheathes his axe.

	“ENGAGE?”

One of the other girls, well categorized as a “spiteful bitch,” pushes the front one forward, right into UDGD’s attacking space. She’d rather have this over with. The woman at the front, in a daze of confusion thrusts her sword forward, her blade caught by UDGD’s hand. She squeals in fear a moment as she expects to have her head ripped off by the brute, but the Graveman simply pulls the blade from her grip and throws it aside. There is a pause of hushed tones and relief washing over and around the keep, but then UDGD raises his hand. With a quick, dominating smack, UDGD oppressively slaps the girl, no older than twenty, straight across the face. The other women gasp, and draw back.
	“Stupid bitch. Don’t ya’ ever raise a sword at me, ya’ hear?” he says with a direct, respectless gaze. The girl nods readily as tears of both fear and joy stream down her face. He’s not going to kill her, she realizes. “Good, now you five are going to get us into the castle, got it?” he adds. She loses her breath again.
	“They’ll kill us,” the girl pushes out weakly.
	“They won’t cuz I’ll kill them first, got it?” UDGD assures. She wipes the tears from her eyes, and nods.

	“BLOODLESS VICTORY!”

	The front girl points to the right side of the wall inside the fortress complex, leading the three to move in that direction. As a rush of cussing, booing, and a few cries of joy exude from around them, UDGD leads them all to the right keep door. 
	Inspecting it now, the door, while painted white like the rest of the complex, is made out of wood, rather than the heavy metal doors guarding the central keep. SISY, who did not sheathe his sword, smashes down at the center of the double doors, splitting them open easily.
	The moment the doors swing open, DTO and UDGD redraw their weapons, spotting several men clamoring for something to fight with. SISY, feeling a bit cheated for sparing the women, charges forward to get another helping of blood.

	“ENGAGE!”

	Against DTO’s plea to stop, SISY leaps at the first man, equipped with a broomstick, and throws his giant blade down into his shoulder, spicketing out blood and leaving his head twisting off as SISY pulls the sword out. The second one he catches is armed with a kitchen knife. SISY simply steps back with a simple downward swing, overpowering the man’s skull with the weight, and splitting his brains out from his unfortunate skull. The other men by this time have escaped down a hole, once covered by a table.

	“VICTORY!”

	SISY laughs with glee as he wipes his face with some of the second man’s blood, and then turns to the front most lady. Quickly overcoming her shock, she points at the hole.
	“That route leads to the main keep,” she says amidst the other women, a few of them completely checked out of the violence by the moment SISY gave his first obliterating swing.
	“Thanks,” UDGD says to the girl as he pushes SISY aside to be the first one down. SISY is quite okay with going down second, not aware that this is UDGD’s way of keeping him from killing whomever he finds in the tunnel. DTO sees this, but instead presumes that UDGD simply wants a piece of the carnage, or thinks that he should be thought of as the leader.
	The group makes their way down the hole into a lantern-lit tunnel. UDGD can hear the frantic footsteps of retreaters from deeper in. Naturally, he leads them through, it being the only available path. It only takes about twenty seconds of rushing to find the men escaping up the ladder.
	“There! They’ll seal it!” the leading woman says, putting UDGD into action, who is not a big fan of being suffocated in a tunnel with an idiot, an insane guy, and a bunch of crying ladies. UDGD leaps forward and with an acrobatic motion surprisingly rare for him, he grips the ladder upside down and smashes his heavy black armored boot into the hole the moment before it was closed. Screams and anger come from above out of the tunnel as several men attempt to seal it by crushing his foot. UDGD expresses his disagreement by shoving his axe into the entry way as well, using it as leverage to push aside the heavy objects used to seal the hole. SISY quickly joins him with his own blade. After a few seconds of force, they move the weight aside and leap out of the tunnel into the main keep. The two of them are instantly met with more cowering men, this time sealed inside the keep’s entry way along with the truer warriors. SISY grins, is about to go forward and kill them all, but is stopped by UDGD.
	“What?” he asks with a gaze of honest curiosity. UDGD sighs.
	“Look at them, they obviously don’t want to fight,” he says as DTO and the ladies make their way up. SISY rolls his eyes.
	“Not you too, Death.”
	“Yes, me too. I don’t care about them all that much, but I’m sure not all of them are that bad, and can you imagine how much DTO will bitch if you do it to them too?” the Grim Axeman asks to the Crimson Swordwielder.
	“I can hear you!” DTO snaps with a scowl, clearly overhearing UDGD’s offence. UDGD turns around to DTO, and locks eyes.
	“I know,” UDGD says plainly. DTO rushes up in anger.
	“Then if you knew then why would you say i-”
	“Because I don’t care. I swear, you’re almost as bitchy as your brother,” UDGD says with a sharp scowl. DTO scoffs, and stays silent.
	“Fair enough, friend, but what if they attack us from behind?” SISY asks UDGD. UDGD sighs.
	“Then we’ll kill them,” he says, crossing SISY’s face with a smile.
	“Awesome! Let’s go!” the tan-skinned swordsman says as he steps up to the metal doors. “Hmm, this door looks pretty tough,” SISY notes as he looks over the enormous metal doors. UDGD sighs again seeing the new obstacle, and turns to one of the cowering men in the corner.
	“Hey,” UDGD asks. After a quick wimper of fear, one of the men answers.
	“Yes?”
	“How d’ya’ open the door?”
	“Um, they have the keys on the other side.”
	“Shit.”
	“Um, actually, they don’t have all of them,” one of the women interrupts. All eyes turn to her, an older lass with a smart look about her.
	“Eh?” UDGD says, him assuming this is an acceptable way to say “What do you mean, Madam?”
	“I have a set of keys to all the locks, but you’ll have to get through the barricades yourselves,” she says as she takes out a heavy iron key from out of her apron and presents it to UDGD. The Grim Axeman snatches the key from her hand, and walks up to the door.
	“Thanks,” he says simply. The lady, quite used to constant, careless disrespect, curtsies with a smile.
	“My pleasure,” she says as she steps away from the now unlocked door. UDGD and SISY step up to the door, steeling themselves to smash it down. The two large men take stance, and raise their feet. The mighty warriors smash their metal boots into the door once, twice, and then a third time, pushing out the barricade from the other side and splintering the door inward.
	They enter amidst the frantic screaming of the final soldiers in the keep, most of them already on their knees the moment they break in.
	“Oh gods, don’t kill us!”
	“Have mercy! Take the women!”
	“I have so much to live for! Please!” are a few of the exclamations they are met with upon entry. UDGD finds no big problem with letting these guys live, and SISY tends to agree, considering they seem as though they’ve already surrendered. The man at the end of the hall and up on the sapphire-colored metal throne, however, has a very different disposition.
	The Group rushes into the throne room. A bluish-silver dome room with an enormous glass skylight that takes up the majority of the roof. The light shines down on a sizable throne with an eight foot man sitting upon it.
	“Well, shit. And here I thought I could let my servants prove their strength by killing you,” the man, dressed heavily in plate armor even more lavish than the first warriors, says with a bitter, calm disappointment. The armored figure covered from head to toe in plating stands up.
	“Surrender. You don’t have to die. We only want to pass through!” DTO offers quickly.
	“Hell no we’re not sparing him,” UDGD says with a scowl, inspiring another smile on SISY’s face. DTO turns to UDGD with a stare of confusion.
	“But why?!”
	“Because this dumbass forced a bunch of defenseless... well, he’s obviously an ass for attacking our giant tower, so he needs to die so we can leave peacefully,” UDGD explains as he brandishes his axe. SISY slams his heavy blade against the ground in excitement.
	“Alright! Tell me, leader guy!” SISY addresses with a vicious, insane scream.
	“Yes?” the fully-armored man responds calmly.
	“HAVE YOU TASTED YOUR HEART BEFORE?!” SISY questions, giving a laugh that proves to be most discomforting to everyone in the room. The tall figure scoffs.
	“No, and I don’t plan to. It seems that the old saying is true: ‘If you want something done right, you have to do it yourself.’ I’ll show you children the meaning of a true warrior. Watch carefully,” the tall, elegant man says as he reaches for his lance resting at the side of his throne.
	Suddenly the Subspace Orchestra breaks out in a flurry of confusing woodwinds, blowing wildly at every note and tone. The chorus of instruments is brought to a halt as he grasps his lance, signifying the great power of his grip. Slowly, as he raises his lance, the woodwinds again rise, this time in perfect octavial unification, now accompanied by a chorus of men and women, solemnly issuing a warning to the three warriors. By the time the man lifts the lance to its piercing height, the orchestra flourishes in a dramatic apex, providing a halo of sound over the man.
	The various warriors and servants all kneel, reassured in the abilities of their leader. UDGD sighs, hearing the Subspace Orchestra make such a big deal out of this idiot.
	“Suit yerself,” UDGD states with a dark tone.
	The group of three step up to the tall man, drawing back his lance to impale their bodies.
	“I suppose we may as well exchange our names before our engagement,” the tall figure states, “the people of my realm call me Ultimate Doom Sky-Slayer Pussy Destroyer X: The Dragoon of Doom,” the man says, effectively shortening his title to UDSSPDX:TDD – we can just call him Udess for short if you’d prefer, dear Reader.
	“Big deal. My Name’s Ultra Death Graveman Death Death Death. There’s three ‘deaths’ in the end of the name because you’re three times more likely to die by my hand than by any other,” UDGD states, causing horrified cringes amongst the crowd upon hearing how many times the word “Death” is in his name.
	“Hey! I’m Super Insane Swordsman that Yells a lot! You can just call me ‘Super Insane!’” SISY says with a pumped up grin, showing a bloody set of teeth.
	“Uh, I’m... Super Manly Dick Tearer Offer. They call me that because I... tear off penises,” DTO states with little pride, coming to the realization that he really dislikes his fake name.
	“So be it. Now, prepare to be raped with my lance!” Udess says.

	ENGAGE!

	The three attack with an upfront ferocity that Udess was completely expecting. Udess, with incredible speed, snaps to the right of them and thrusts. The strength behind the lance is unbearable, but a tad mis-aimed, shearing through UDGD’s collar plate, down across his arm, and into SISY’s shoulder. SISY doesn’t even flinch from the pain, and swings his blade with a powerful curve. UDGD is barely deterred from Udess’ attack, and swings from above. DTO, from out of the strike, steps to the side of the dragoon and delivers a swift thrust of his rapier. Udess spins in a surprisingly-sissyish manner, but is able to evade the strikes with but a nick on his armor. Udess then steps back in a long stride, and strikes again. This next hit is more precise, striking UDGD near the stomach. The three warriors continue to meet Udess’ expectations by following up closely, but not enough to hit him. Udess and the three rush about the room in a circle, striking and blocking wildly. Udess sees that he’s obviously the superior warrior, and then makes his first mistake.
	Udess lowers his lance right into SISY’s unarmored abdomen, skewing him through in both sides and causing a torrent of blood to spray about on his nice clean lance. SISY’s grin only gets larger as he grasps the lance by the handle equal to Udess, and holds it inside. Udess is confused as to why SISY wants the lance to remain in his body, and then is delivered with an axe to the face by UDGD. Udess slides back several feet, armored boots screeching against the marble floor. He’ll need another weapon. Udess reaches for his throne and lifts it up over his shoulder. DTO draws back in immediate shock, surprised by the man’s sudden revealing of strength. SISY and UDGD, however, have seen these sorts of men quite often. SISY pulls the lance out from his body and, spewing out a torrent of blood from both ends, equips it in his left hand, with his blade in the right. The two dash at Udess again, walking right into his horizontal sweep. UDGD punches the approaching chair with all his might, smashing a large crack into the throne and stopping it part way towards his skull. SISY takes the moment to throw the lance at Udess and swing his sword in unison, impaling Udess’ arm in place, and lops it off with the blade.
	The throne falls, and Udess draws back as his armored limb falls to the floor. A mix of cheers and cries of fear wash over the group, the maids and servants quite happy to see the brute lose an arm, and the soldiers horrified.
	“Peh, not bad, but that’s as far as you can go to touch me. I’m going to show you what a real warrior is capable of,” Udess says as he crouches down. UDGD scoffs.
	“Yeah? What’d that be?” he asks, stepping forward with SISY to smash the man to pieces. Udess lets out a gentle laugh the moment before he leaps up, through the glass ceiling, and up into the clouds. The sound of his jump was more recognizable as an explosion, than someone leaving the ground.
	“Whoa! This guy’s nuts!” SISY says with a grin, completely oblivious to his gaping wounds. DTO sighs.
	“He’s nuts? SISY, you’re twice as insane as this guy. Have you looked at your torso?” DTO asks. SISY looks down, notes the steady current of blood flowing out of him, and comes aware of a strange, blurry coldness in his head, quite normal for people who are bleeding to death.
	“It’s whatever. I can take it,” SISY says with a positive, collected grin. DTO is about to reprimand him for his headstrongness, but is interrupted by the sound of a missile descending to their position. Looking up, the group sees its Udess, flying down with a badass fury to obliterate his foes. The group only has a fraction of a second to get out of the way before Udess crashes back down into the room.
	The impact is enormous, sending everything and everyone that isn’t bolted down flying into the wall. The three warriors were obviously the closest to the impact, assailing them with bits of shattered marble as they too are sent into the wall. The group catches themselves okay, but are fairly peppered with cuts from the debris. DTO has trouble getting back up, never very used to the idea of being filled with shards of rock. UDGD, his armor plating incredibly dense, only needs to pull a few pieces out of his bloody face. SISY ignores the various new wounds, just like the rest.
	“Do you see your weakness now? Are you ready to admit defeat and die?” Udess questions to the two warrriors still on their feet.
	“Not really. You’re sort’a dumb fer thinkin’ runnin’ away by hoppin’ around and then hittin’ like an opportunist would be scary at all. I’m gonna kill you,” UDGD responds cooly, wiping the blood off of his face. Udess scoffs.
	“Very well. Perhaps another leap will change your mind,” Udess says as he crouches down, and prepares for another leap.
	DTO hears UDGD talk a big game, but he knows that there is no way they can kill this guy if he keeps traveling around at such an insane speed. He’s going to have to think of something or else the three of them are dead. 
	DTO slowly gets to his feet and surveys the situation as Udess leaps up again amidst the frantic cheering from the guards witnessing the event. UDGD and SISY stare up into the sky, ready to intercept him. DTO observes from the back a bit, and realizes that this could be the moment he’s waiting for. He could simply let UDGD die. DTO thinks on it a moment, watching UDGD and SISY stare at the sky intently, and decides that it’s not good enough; he needs to kill him with his own hands. He can take this Udess character down fairly easily. He knows exactly how he’ll do it, actually.
	DTO rushes up to the center of the room with UDGD and SISY.
	“I have an idea!” DTO says, getting the attention of the other two in the room.
	“What?”
	“Yeah?” answer the other two.
	“Swordsman, hand me the lance!” DTO requests of the crimson man. SISY retrieves and hands him the weapon, and DTO plants it to the ground, point aiming up. “Gather around me and get down!” he commands to the other two. SISY quickly complies with the plan and gets on-knee with DTO. UDGD sees the two of them, looks up a moment, and frowns as he joins them.
	The group huddles together, affirming the position of the lance straight up. Again the sound of Udess’ decent pierces the air of the open room, but is halted the moment of impact. In the blink of an eye and accompanied by a loud gorging sound Udess skews himself into the lance from the crotch up through the opposite shoulder. He is speechless as he coughs up liters of blood from his mouth, splashing into his helmet and drizzling out. UDGD is the first to stand up and uppercut Udess in the face, forcing him back up the lance. The other two join in with a flurry of kicks and punches, brutally-punishing Udess as he is gradually pushed back up the lance. Unfortunately for Udess is that his lance is jagged and hooked, meaning he is now securely gored into his own lance as his flesh tangles into the sharp edges.
	All around the scene is frantic cheering and screams of terror, no one really certain what to do, but all quite certain that their mighty leader is dead. Udess coughs a bit more, and lifts up his visor, revealing his grin.
	“...  Stupid... insignificant... weaklings,” Udess barely forces out as his crimson essence drizzles off of his chin. UDGD punches him in the face.
	“Dick, hold this lance,” UDGD says as he snorts out hot, angry air. DTO complies, keeping a tight grasp upon the lance.
	UDGD and SISY take up their weapons and lop off his other arm, only increasing the volume of Udess’ pain. He screams and yells as if he were descending into hell itself, but again returns to his taunting, cocky demeanor.
	“What? Do you really think I couldn’t kill you all with just my legs?!” he says with a grin. UDGD and SISY lift their weapons again and cut off his legs, leaving him a torso with a head. “Weak! Stupid and weak! Do you really think-” UDGD tunes out of Udess’ monologue to turn to DTO.
	“Gimme the lance,” UDGD commands. Again DTO complies and lifts the lance, carrying the taunting Udess, up. UDGD takes it, and begins walking towards the back window, the only one in the room that does not overlook another part of the island.
	“It’s only a flesh wound! Why do you think you’ve won?! Are you really that stupid, you little bitch? I could lose a million limbs and not die! Oh, still walking? Very well. Behold the greatest dragoon squad the world has known. Ultima squad, get over here and help me!... Ultima squad?... Shit. The one million armies of Smashland will hunt you! I swear! They’ll hear about th-”
	“Shut up,” UDGD says cooly.
	The Grim Axeman draws the lance back behind his shoulder, and with hysterical strength he throws Udess out of the window, hurtling down hundreds of feet down to his doom. His angered cries continue on, twelve seconds after he is thrown out, and then ends with a satisfying “boom” as he hits the ground.

	VICTORY!

	UDGD wipes the blood of Udess from his gauntlets onto his grieves, and looks up.
	“OKAY! WHO’S NEXT IN CHARGE!?” He screams at the top of his mighty lungs. Eventually, a voice among the group of servants calls out.
	“That would be you, actually. You killed the commander, so the fortress is yours,” the person in the crowd says with a hint of joy.
	“Cool. If you don’t wanna die, you’ll take us to the coordinates that Dick here has to tell you. Bring the ship to that location, stay put, and we’ll return,” UDGD says with a scowl. DTO shudders in the realization that now that IMRM is dead, he’ll have to make good on his lies and lead them to the fountain. DTO gets the chills, gaining a cold sweat soon after.
	A navigator promptly steps up to DTO.
	“What are the coordinates, sir?” he asks DTO, who is now trembling under his cloak. DTO thinks amidst the cheering and crying mixed about in the throne room. If he gets it wrong, and UDGD finds out, his cover is blown, and he’s as good as dead.
	“The... Sorry, one second, the fight sort of scrambled me. I’ll need a moment,” DTO says, turning away to stare out the window. SISY chuckles hearing this, rather expecting DTO to be of a wimpy sort. UDGD shrugs.
	“Aight, take a second,” he says to DTO as he waits a few seconds with the others. DTO does not catch his breath.
“Right, so where we goin’?” he asks again. DTO takes a deep breath.
	“We’re eh... going to the-”
	“Our direction has not changed. The ruins we are searching for are nearby in the East. That is what you were meaning to say, yes?” IMRM says, stepping into the room with an unconscious Mr. Honkers. Everyone turns.

	 
	CHAPTER TWENTY TWO: NAMES
	“Y-you’re alive?!... and yes! That was it precisely!” DTO exclaims with a confused grin, having just been saved by this enigma of a man just in time. SISY pumps his fist and UDGD fires off a glare of bitter surprise.
	“HAHA! I KNEW YOU’D BE ALRIGHT!” SISY exclaims as he runs forward and gives IMRM a strong, broad punch in the shoulder which he takes without a flinch.
	“How did you... I saw you drop with the tower. Why aren’t you dead?” UDGD asks with interest.
	“I have a fair talent for getting out of tough places, I hope you might have realized that by now,” IMRM says as he turns to one of the servants, asking to lead him to a bed to lay Mr. Honkers on. The selected lady bows and ushers him in through another doorway.
“We can talk more about it all later if you would like. I need to make sure that my companion here is alright, so if you’ll excuse me,” IMRM says as he disappears off into another part of the keep. The navigator gives the according commands to the pilot of the air-fortress, and the three warriors turn to one-another.
	“The hell?” UDGD says with a confused, blank expression. DTO shrugs, quite glad that UDGD is now too distracted with the sudden appearance of IMRM and Mr. Honkers to be suspicious of his previous hesitation.
	“No idea. I guess we really shouldn’t be all that surprised, he’s gotten us through a couple of tight spaces before,” DTO admits, crossing his arms under his cloak. UDGD scowls.
	“Bullshit. He’s obviously got some cheapass trick up his sleeve, like a grappling hook or something,” UDGD responds with a tone far lighter than his usual. It’s almost casual. SISY laughs.
	“Could be, but it sure works for him, eh?” SISY says with a grin as wide and shining as his usual, regardless of the multiple, grievous wounds.
	“I understand that, sure, but it’s sort of cowardly, being that well prepared. A real warrior should be able to tackle any situation,” UDGD explains, obviously thinking of himself as a “real warrior”. DTO smirks as SISY begins swaying side to side, slowly losing balance.
	“G-guys, I thi-”
	“So, what if you were in his shoes?” DTO interrupts, not hearing the weakness in SISY’s voice.
	“What?” UDGD questions with a scowl.
	“If you had to save Honks and couldn’t make the jump. Do you think you would have been able to leap that high? They were a good twenty feet below us when we saw them last,” DTO says, cornering UDGD. The Black Axe-Master groans, looks about, and sighs.
	“Well, ya’ know... yeah I guess I could’ve; wasn’t that high of a jump.”
	“Come on, he’s the only one I’ve met that could make that jump other than these guys. You know you couldn’t have.”
	“Shut up. You don’t know.”
	“Yeah? Then go ahead, leap right out of the roof like the guy we killed,” DTO dares, knowing UDGD can’t do it. UDGD grumbles quietly.
	“I... well, I ca-”
	“Plop” is the sound SISY makes, falling in a puddle of his own blood. UDGD and DTO look in shock as their comrade, a man seemingly capable of death-defying feats of stamina, has fallen.
	“Shit!” DTO exclaims, running over to SISY.
	UDGD just stands there a moment, eyebrow raised in surprise – he never really thought of SISY to be the kind of person to bleed out. For some reason, he started to doubt the man’s standard mortality, and presumed he could somehow bleed infinite amounts without physical penalty. SISY, however, turns out to be just a man. UDGD watches closely as DTO calls some men over to help him pick the enormous, crimson-splattered body of SISY off of the ground and take him off to the keep’s infirmary. The group leaves, allowing UDGD some peace. He looks about, and notes several servants and guards still lazing about in the shock of Udess’ death.
	“Hey, dumbasses,” UDGD begins. The guards jolt to attention, while the servants, having by now realized that UDGD is secretly a pretty nice guy, simply curtsy or bow in respect.
	“SIR, YES SIR!” the guards cry out in fear.
	“You better get some food ready for us, or I’ll be pissed. Got it?”
	“SIR, YES SIR!” they cry again, scrambling off in every sort of direction to find the cooks. UDGD smirks, glad he was able to help with a little something, and proceeds to take a seat on the now-dead Udess’ throne to take a rest.
	Elsewhere, SISY is carried into the keep’s infirmary by DTO plus three men, and is laid next to the soundly-sleeping Mr. Honkers. A nurse takes a look over the brown-haired warrior for about a minute, and turns to DTO.
	“He’s lost way too much blood. We can’t save him,” she says with a blank, honest gaze. DTO sighs, thinks a moment, and speaks.
	“Just do what you can. He’s a harder sort than most,” DTO requests. The nurse raises a thin brow in consideration, and decides that she doesn’t really have anything else to do, as the other man, Mr. Honkers, seems to have just passed out from shock. She nods.
	“Alright. I’ll give it a shot,” the dark-eyed doctor says as she laxly steps over to SISY and begins preparing some disinfectant, bandages, and a surgical sowing kit. DTO is left with IMRM, looming eerily over Mr. Honkers. DTO looks at the tall cloaked figure for a moment, just standing there as he watches the short guy with intense focus.
	“Hey,” DTO addresses. IMRM looks up.
	“Hello, is SISY alright? I could provide assistance to the nurse if that would be helpful.”
	“I think she’s got it. I actually wanted to talk.”
	“What would you like to talk about?”
	“I’m curious, what’s so important about Honks that you’d be this concerned?”
	“I would not say I’m particularly concerned about him. I’ve analyzed much of his condition and have concluded that he simply lost consciousness due to mental stress, that is, fear,” IMRM explains.
	“Heh, okay. So why have you been watching him? You weren’t doing that in the tower.”
	“Well, to be honest I was not so much watching him as I was more so making additional observations about his condition. Making certain that there was nothing wrong.”
	“Right, and why do you do that?”
	“You could say that... well, for now, I will say it is my current life goal to make sure he gets to do as he pleases, while also ensuring his survival.”
	“So you’re like his slave?”
	“Indirectly, yes,” IMRM says. HTO leans in and stares at IMRM with a gaze of incrimination.
	“Indirectly?” HTO asks.
	“It is my mission given to me by the one that possesses all authority over me, and rightful authority over the Omniverse,” IMRM says, receiving a peculiar look from the nurse, and a look of confusion from DTO.
	“The Omniverse, as in all realities, dimensions, sub-dimensions and sub-space areas?” DTO asks, tilting his head a bit to the side.
	“Yes.”
	“Everything that exists in every plane of existence?” HTO asks, slowly drawing back in surprise.
	“Yes.”
	“So, does... a god hold authority over you, then? Is that who you’re talking about?” DTO asks, referring to whoever might be in charge of everything. IMRM is silent a moment.
	“No. The idea of extra-dimensional entities outside of our scientifically-viewable scope, while not impossible, is not plausible, and therefore I do not submit to such conjectures. I am referring to the leader of the O.E.L., Ywn,” IMRM explains.
	“Wait, so you work for the Omniverse Expeditionary Librarium?!”
	“Yes, I am somewhat of an employee to the organization.” Hearing this, DTO scratches his head.
	“So, if you’re O.E.L., wouldn’t you have some kind of mission? They don’t send people out for stuff unless it’s really important, right?”
	“I believe I told you, I am here to escort and aid this man here in whatever endeavors he so chooses to uptake.”
	“So, what’s he here for?”
	“To be honest, I cannot say that I know,” IMRM says plainly. DTO nods.
	“Alright, thanks... I’m sorry, what was your name again?” IMRM is quiet again, and decides to consider DTO a friend.
	“You may call me Insanely Masculine Robot Man, as most call me, or simply A.C.E., which could be considered my real name,” he says, entrusting DTO with a bit more information about himself.
	“Oh, Ace, huh? Alright, thanks, Ace.” 
	“My pleasure, Mr. Dick.”
	“You can call me Phillip. That’s my real name.”
	“Very well. My pleasure, Phillip,” IMRM says, thrilled to have learned the true name of his ally, though not showing his excitement. Phillip coughs, and scratches his chin.
	“But actually, I’ve been meaning to ask,” HTO aka Phillip says, looking away for a moment.
	“Yes?”
	“Just what is a robot?” the rapier user asks. IMRM is silent for a few seconds.
	“A person made in a different manner,” IMRM says plainly.
	“Whoa, so like, magic?”
	“… That would be a good term for it, yes.” HTO nods, hearing IMRM’s answer.
	“Alright, cool… Well, I’ll see you. Think I’m gonna’ take a look around,” DTO says as he waves IMRM and the nurse off.
	“Goodbye,” IMRM responds, shifting his gaze back to Mr. Honkers. DTO leaves with a smirk across his face; he really doesn’t mind Ace all that much, at least in comparison to the others.
	The nurse continues to work on SISY, who is experiencing what he would gladly call a religious experience.
 
	CHAPTER TWENTY THREE: “THEREFORE I DO NOT SUBMIT TO SUCH CONJECTURES” (AKA: ONLY SISSY BOYS HAVE DREAMS)
	SISY comes to in the sacred garden of the forever dying, Dahal, lying in a patch of grass trapped in the same cycle of endless near-death as everything else in the realm. He can hear the war-like voices of the millions of bloodied souls that went before him to this paradise of near-death, constantly singing their hymns to their mother, Ree.
	“Well, you’ve been sleeping a fair while, haven’t you, Laivok?” an excited, female voice asks him.
	He stares at the black, starless sky for a moment, and then sits up to locate the source of the voice. He jolts back in surprise, beholding the appearance of his goddess, Ree the Bloodless, as she appeared at thirty years old. SISY sees that her beauty is as limitless as the legends say.
	Her eyes, containing multiple irises, distills each one on him with her limitless levels of focus. Her smile is infinitely more joyful and violent than his own, being an honor to even comprehend slightly to him. Her white dress is soaked with the blood of her millions of foes as the legends say, eternally flowing from her garment like a stream of human-destruction. The most awe-inspiring feature of her, and the inspiration for the symbol of her religion, is the enormous, gaping hole in her torso, showing the nothingness at her center.
	He falls to his knees.
	“M-MY GODDESS!” he exclaims with a wide, toothy grin. She chuckles.
	“Yes. It’s me. Now stand on your own two feet. You have much blood yet to be bled, my son,” she says, her focused wisdom piercing into his heart. He draws back in a mix of surprise and joy.
	“D-Do you mean I am at the deepest place, The Unbleeding Realm, but I am to return to the mortal lands?”
	“Yes, Laivok. You may not yet enter the eternal battlefield with your ancestors. You must first complete your purpose in the living realms. Do your finest, bleed your most, and one day you too shall meet my eager embrace of doom,” she encourages with a smile, as loving as any mother. Tears well up in SISY’s eyes.
	“Oh, thank you! I will be ready! I will do my best to walk into The Unbleeding without the need of death, just like you!” he claims, referring to the final chapter regarding her mortal life’s account in her religious text, The Crimson Testament, in which she surpassed reality’s principles by surviving the greatest torture possible and thus rendering the Omniverse’s methods of perceiving reality irrelevant. She smirks, certain that he cannot match her, but not wanting to let him down.
	“Do your finest, Laivok. The way will be long, but you will reach the end one way or another,” she says, gently stroking the side of his face. He laughs creepily, getting far too much pleasure out such an action than she expected. “Right, so I brought you here for a special reason, you know,” she says with the same expression as before, if a more bit surprised at his reaction this time. SISY nods eagerly.
	“Yes! I’m ready!”
	“Heh. Good. As you know, I watch all of my children fight and bleed in the world of the living, and I’ve been keeping a special eye on you. I saw your fight against the dragoons of Smashland. I was very impressed. You took every strike like a true painless warrior, you even allowed them to hit you a few times, even when you could have blocked or dodged like a common coward to pain. For this, I shall bestow upon you a blessing. I shall thicken your blood, and increase the size of your veins. You will be able to bleed more furiously and more freely than ever before. My mother’s hand shall not touch you for many moons to come, and my father will always be by your side,” she says, referring to her mother, “Death” and her father, “Life”.
	SISY’s eyes widen in disbelief. He has been selected out of all Ree’s followers because of his exemplary suicidal tactics! An honor only experienced by the heartless prophets in The Crimson Scriptures! He kneels down, planting his head into the blood-soaked dirt.
	“THANK YOU! THE BLOODLESS BE PRAISED!” he cries out with frantic joy. Ree nods, and suddenly SISY is in the hospital room, overlooking a very surprised nurse, who is in the middle of suturing up a large wound in his shoulder.
	“Um, what the he-llo there. Nice to see you’re feeling better!” the doctor says, completely dumbfounded at his regaining of consciousness. SISY looks about in confusion.
	“Where am I?”

	 
	CHAPTER TWENTY FOUR: GETTING REAL (AKA: SISSIES AND THEIR FEELINGS)
	The nurse pauses a moment in thought, and puts aside her instruments.
	“You are in the infirmary of Smashland’s magic keep, Bashgaurde,” she answers simply, tucking away her disbelief that this man is awake, let alone alive.
	“Oh, good! How long was I out?”
	“... about fifteen minutes.”
	“Ahh, so it wasn’t a dream!”
	“What wasn’t a dream?”
	“Uh, sorry, I was just talking to myself. Thanks for your help eh... who are you?” SISY asks, with a grin seeming more radiant and joyous than his usual. The nurse calmly places her hands on her lap.
	“My name is Len Gainsbrow. I’m the medic, doctor, and nurse of the keep,” she says with a polite demeanor.
	“Okay, thanks for your help, Len! I’m known as Super Insane Swordsman that Yells a lot! But you can just call me Swordsman if you like. You see, I fight with a giant sword!” He introduces with a child-like positivity. She hums softly, gathering that this man could be either a tad under developed in the mind, or just way too friendly.
	“Yes, I saw you fighting the commander. I was quite interested in how someone could use something so large. Then again, the dragoons of Smashland can do their own share of impossible things, I suppose I shouldn’t be surprised,” she says.
	“Indeed. I’ve practiced with it since I was eight years old.”
	“Eight? You began using weapons at eight years old?”
	“Yes, why?”
	“I suppose you come from the Crimson Kingdom? Or at least their country?”
	“Yes, I am! I’m actually the son of one of the Sanguine house nobles,” he reveals. Len raises her thin, well-trimmed brow. In a few years this man in front of her will probably be a duke in his country.
	“I see. I can’t say I come from such a line of prestige as you, but I’m happy enough with my life,” she says with a smile, finding him very easy to talk to.
	“Well, we just need to play the cards we’ve been given, right?”
	“Right. Now I suppose after I finish up your other injuries you can get going if you feel okay,” she educates as she turns back to pick up her instruments.
	“I feel fine, friend, thank you though!” He says as he beings lifting himself off the bed. His exertion re-opens a wound, eagerly spewing forth blood all of the clean sheets. Len’s eyes widen on the sight, and her breath picks up in heaviness.
	“I m-must insist, Swordsman. I would rather you didn’t bleed all over the keep,” she says with a tone sounding far more stressed than before. She really dislikes it when patients are troublesome. SISY stares at her with a look of confusion for a moment, looks down to his waist wound, which is pouring out blood, and then back up to her.
	“Uh, okay,” he says, promptly leaning back and resting his head on the pillow provided. Len smiles, nods, and gets to work.
	At first, she’s slow with her suturing, but then realizing that her patient has the pain-threshold of a boulder, she finishes up in record time. In all it took her eighty-two needle insertions to close all the wounds, and he didn’t flinch a single time. She then wraps him up with bandages, and cleans up.
	“Looks like you’re done. Do you really feel okay?”
	“Yeah, thanks!” he says as he quickly leaps up to his feet. She again looks him over; he shows no sign of wear, acting as though he had never even been scratched. She’s heard and read about a religion popular in the Crimson Kingdom, Reeism, whose followers could withstand hysterical amounts of physical damage with little-to-no drawback. She wonders if this man isn’t a holder of the same faith.
	“Take care of yourself now,” she says as she stands up with him and points to a clothing rack.
	“Your belongings are over there. Try not to get wounded on your crotch so much. It’s weird,” she adds, as she lightly motions to the numerous bandages wrapped around his more embarrassing places. SISY scratches his chin as he flushes a healthy red.
	“Oh, sorry! I’ll try to keep it higher next time!” he says with a tad of embarrassment as he grabs his loincloth and pants. She crosses her arms, nods, and waits next to the entry way as he gets himself decent. A couple of seconds later he approaches the entry way, and readily presents his hand.
	“Thanks again! Sorry for all the trouble!” he says as she takes his hand and shakes it.
	“Well, you sort of are my boss now,” she says with a relaxed, almost sarcastic expression. His face lights up.
	“Wait, what?”
	“It’s Smashland law that if someone can kill a ranking officer in combat they are instantly enrolled in the same position. So for all intents and purposes, you and your two other friends are now commanders of Smashland’s army. So you see, the keep’s practically yours now, along with the loyalty of its staff and military forces,” she says with a very subtle hint of disgust, as she thinks it is a pretty stupid way to run a government’s military. SISY stares at her with a dumb expression for a moment.
	“So, I can command you to do anything I want, just like the old commander did to the others?” he says, trying to get a grip of the situation. Len returns his gaze with a look of uncertainty.
	“... Yes?” she says with a weary tone. SISY gains an enormous grin, causing a chill to run down her spine.
	“So that means I can get as hurt as I want and you would fix me up?!” he asks with a child-like gaze of excitement. She exhales in relief, rolling her eyes just a tad in the realization that this guy is much, much nicer than the previous commander.
	“Yes. Yes it does,” she admits with a courteous smile.
	“Alright! See ya’, friend!” he exclaims as he shakes her hand vigorously. He releases his death-grip around her little hand, takes up his sword that weighs twice as much as she does, and dashes out the door. Len raises an brow in interest, watching him run off, and then make a quick U-turn back to her.
	“Hey,” he starts.
	“Yes?”
	“Do you know where my friends are? The huge dark dude, the skinny cloaked guy, and those other two? You know, the tall one and the little one?”
	“Last I heard they, with the exception of the short one over here, were preparing to eat in the dining hall. Take the first right there and just follow the hall to the room that you see all the people rushing in and out of. That’s the kitchen, and connected to that is the dining hall,” she explains with a kind nod as she gestures over to Mr. Honkers, all alone now. He grins, nods himself, and gives her a great big, way-too-friendly-for-her-tastes, hug.
	“Thanks so much!” he exclaims right before dashing off to find the others. Len watches solemnly as he rushes off, and scoffs with a smirk.
	“This’ll be fun,” she says to herself with a humorous tone before she turns around back into the infirmary.
	SISY navigates through the hallways, following Len’s directions precisely until he finds the kitchen. He passes through up to the door, and is then hailed by a butler.
	“Ahh, hello, sir! Congratulations on your, erm, promotion!” the shabby man says as he bows aside and opens the door to the dining hall.
	“Um, thanks!” SISY exclaims with a bow of his own as he passes through.
	Inside the dining hall are UDGD, DTO, and IMRM, each one sitting at the most honored places of the table. IMRM nods in recognition, and DTO gapes in awe. The butler gestures to another chair near the end.
	“Your chair, sir,” the servant points out. SISY bows again, quite appreciating the special treatment, and takes a seat at the prescribed chair.
	“Hey, friends!” SISY greets. DTO looks on as if he’s looking at a ghost.
	“You’re alright?”
	“Yeah, why?”
	“No it’s just... you know. Most people can’t lose that much blood and then be back on their feet so soon,” DTO says, half-expecting SISY to disagree. SISY grins and lightly taps the long table.
	“Hehe, nope. I think I’m getting pretty good at it,” he says with an air of pride.
	“What, bleeding?”
	“Yeah. My father was one of the best, but at this rate I’ll become even greater,” he says with a wide smile that DTO finds altogether inappropriate.
	“Cool,” DTO says softly, meaning something more along the lines of “creepy”. UDGD looks on with the same sort of distaste that he’s had in his eyes for the past several years.
	“So what, that shit you pull during fights is on purpose?” UDGD asks, actually quite curious.
	“You mean the wounds? No. It’s just how people like me fight. I know you guys are from a different culture and such, so I’m sure it’s different, but Reeist scripture teaches that dodging attacks is cowardice, and only a true warrior could willingly take everything dealt to him,” SISY explains calmly, understanding that most people would be against the idea of taking blows. DTO’s jaw drops again, and UDGD furrows his brow.
	“That’s nuts, kid. How do you even survive a single fight if you play by that rule?” UDGD asks, crossing his arms skeptically. SISY chuckles.
	“Well, the solution is quite simple. You just need to kill your opponent faster than they can land their first strike, or if they do, let them land it on a place that isn’t a vital artery,” SISY explains as he points to his neck; there are no wounds. UDGD is quiet a moment, and slowly, so slowly, a smile curves up his face. This is the first time they’ve seen him crack anything slightly resembling a smile.
	“You have problems,” he says clearly as he shakes his head in dismay. SISY frowns.
	“Hey, friend. I’m tolerant of your ways of manliness, right? I don’t put you down for wearing armor, so why would you belittle me for following my faith?” SISY asks, finding his logic perfectly reasonable. UDGD scoffs with a wide grin. DTO’s never seen him like this.
	“Co’mon, seriously? I know you care a lot about this, what’sit, Rism?”
	“Reeism.”
	“Yeah, Reeism. What is that, anyway?”
	“The one true faith of the one true warrior!” SISY exclaims, getting fired up. UDGD laughs.
	“What?” UDGD asks with an expression that a teacher would give to a foolish student. IMRM speaks up.
	“Perhaps I could be of assistance. ‘Reeism’ is a religion popular in many dimensions about the Omniverse holding about eight hundred and forty five billion followers, making it the third most widely-held religion known to exist.” UDGD bursts into laughter the moment he heard IMRM recite the enormous number.
	“Eight hundred and forty five billion?! Total bullshit! They’re can’t be that many.”
	“Those were the results of the last O.E.L. census.”
	“Peh, alright.”
	“Numbers aside, it is a faith based around a woman from dimension #39’013 who was named Ree. According to the scriptures of Reeism, called the ‘Crimson Scriptures’, she was the result of the sexual assault of Death by Life. Death became pregn-”
	“Holy shit. What? I don’t even wanna’ hear about it. Swordsman.”
	“Yeah?”
	“Why would you believe something so stupid?”
	“Because I’ve seen it work,” SISY says calmly. UDGD raises his brow, and calms down a bit.
	“How?”
	“It is said that those that follow her ways will become like her. I can bleed more now than ever before, and I barely feel pain.”
	“Yeah, but that’s just your brain training itself to... look, just forget it,” UDGD says, feeling he’s bitten off a bit more than he could chew to try and make SISY realize how stupid his ideology is. DTO and IMRM are quiet as SISY scratches his thick head of hair.
	“I... It’s all that I know, Graveman. I really... I know it sounds weird, but I just know that it’s true. We all have things to believe in, right? How about you?” SISY asks humbly. DTO is in awe at how serious the two are being right now, usually SISY and UDGD act as shallow as Mr. Honker’s personality. UDGD rubs his chin.
	“Sorry, Swordsman, but I stopped believing in gods long ago,” he admits with a hint of pain to his voice. SISY sighs lightly.
	“Then what is there to believe in, friend? What hope do we have? What meaning do we have?” SISY asks, with a weary, tired tone.
	There is a moment of silence of everyone waiting for UDGD’s response. He takes a deep breath.
	“None; not after my wife died. All of the gods died when she did. All we have is ourselves and what was left behind,” UDGD says with a scorn as deep as hell. DTO’s eyes widen, and SISY frowns with genuine sorrow.
	“I’m... I’m sorry, friend.”
	“Don’t be. My only hope now is this. If I can get to the fountain, I’ll get what I need, and then I’ll be powerful enough to be recognized by my country as a national treasure. Then I won’t ha-... fuck. Look, c’n we please just talk about somethin’ else?” UDGD says, leaning over the table and rubbing his face with his hands. The group is silent. DTO is truly touched, but only with pity; it seems that he would be doing UDGD a favor by putting him down.
	“Actually, Mr. Graveman, I would very much like to hear of your worries. If we are to trust one another with our lives, it is only logical that we can be mature and discuss emotional topics like these as well,” IMRM requests, trying to unite the group as usual. UDGD groans, wipes his eyes, and nods.
	“Th’fuck you care? Not like we’re friends or anythi--”
	“Mr. Graveman, please,” IMRM says, leaning in. UDGD is silent as he looks over the figures with him in the room, and then sighs.
“Fine, alright. It all started--”
	“THE PARTY’S BACK, YA’ NEEEERDS!” Mr. Honkers yells as he kicks open the doors to the dining hall, accompanied by applause from all the servants present upon his request. UDGD rolls his eyes, and gestures to IMRM for them to put it off until later.
	Mr. Honkers strikes a daring pose, signaling his quickly-appointed “Honk Squad” to pick him up, twirl him around, and the lay him in his seat with feather-like delicateness.
	“Swag,” he dictates as he makes a shooing motion, sending the servants away to give the O.K. to the cooks.
	“Nice to see you’re up and about,” IMRM says amidst a deep sigh from UDGD and concealed chuckles from DTO and SISY. IMRM is glad to see the mood lightened, but he really felt as though they were about to have a breakthrough in the group dynamic.
	“Yup, can’t keep the ol’honkster down for long,” he says proudly as he is quickly handed a glass filled with wine. He taps the glass with a small spoon from the laid out silverware.
	“Good to know,” DTO says with a smirk, finding his shortest companion as laughable and contemptible as usual.
	“Yeah, so just so you guys know I had to kill like a billion things while baby-bot here was changing his tampons, so I needed a nap,” he says, supposedly justifying his unconsciousness. SISY quickly shakes off the intensity of the previous conversation, and displays his finest grin.
	“Oh, you sure you didn’t just freak out and faint?” SISY asks, getting a smile of approval from DTO. Mr. Honkers draws back in shock and offence.
	“Hu-Wha-Of course! It’s not like Robutt can do anything without me or anything!” Mr. Honkers retaliates.
	“I’m sure he could manage, actually,” DTO adds, sharing SISY’s love of Mr. Honker’s discomfort. 
	“Yeah, he’s only saved your life five times by now,” SISY says with a teasing grin.
Mr. Honker puffs his cheeks juvenily and looks away.
	“Stupid! So stupid, you idiots don’t even know!” Mr. Honkers responds as he turns to the kitchen doors.
	“HEY! WE NEED FOOD NOW!” he yells in an attempt to change the subject. 
	“YEAH! HE’S TOO EMBARASSED! GET THE FOOD OUT HERE!” SISY yells himself, getting a laugh out of DTO. UDGD’s silent as he watches the three of them banter about; he finds it all really trivial. A group of alerted cooks rush out of the kitchen with several dishes, half of them finished, with the others only partially-cooked.
	The group had a fairly lively meal as the floating fortress traveled to IMRM’s specified coordinates, their journey nearing its completion, but their legacies only beginning.

	 
	CHAPTER TWENTY FIVE: DROPPING DOWN
	The day passes and the next morning rears its beefy arms in the sky. Mr. Honkers has gotten used to the pampered life in the floating keep far more quickly than the others, requiring that he be carried everywhere and all manual tasks (with the exception of being awesome) are done for him. The various servants are quite happy to accompany their new commander’s strange requests, as the requests of the previous were far, far more brutal. Time passes easily for the group, DTO, SISY, and IMRM talking as usual, while the other two remain fairly unsocial to uphold their cool exteriors. They have almost reached the coordinates given by IMRM to the navigational crew, who have been working hard to reach the destination as soon as possible.
	SISY wakes up in his provided room, one of the officer’s beds. Of course, there is a commander’s helm-room, but Mr. Honkers insisted that he should have it on grounds of him being the leader of the group. SISY doesn’t quite mind, considering he’s slept on a pile of swords before, and is quite happy with the fluffy accommodations. IMRM was the one who got the worst deal out of them all, as there are only four rooms for officers. SISY wonders at times how IMRM has the capacity to put up with such devious mistreatment, but again just writes it off as IMRM being a total badass that doesn’t even give a single damn about sleeping. SISY sits up off his bed, having enjoyed his two-hour mid-day nap, and goes in search of food.
	The Swordsman exits, wanders about, and eventually stumbles his way into the servant’s kitchen. He his instantly assailed by a mix of terrified gazes and looks of admiration from the various servants, some more loyal to their old leader than others. He yawns.
	“Hey, friends, I’m sorta hungry,” he says with a smile as he looks around for something edible. The cooks quickly sit him down in the commander’s dining hall, the very same from last night, and deliver to him dish after dish of delicious delicacy, everything from blood-dragon’s heart to the fried meat of the ravenous tooth-eater. He thanks them, waves them off, and pushes down the food with a relaxed, though still very manly, speed. He spots across from the room is UDGD, just sitting there by himself with a cup of coffee, completely quiet. SISY realizes that he has not spent very much time with his brothers in arms in a quiet setting like this, most of the time they’re fighting stuff and arguing. Seeing the mighty Grim Axeman sitting alone in a private, common setting like this unpainted by the blood of his foes is really quite sobering. He looks far less badass and more along the lines of pathetic and lonely. SISY presumes last night’s conversation likely had something to do about his demeanor today.
	“Hey, friend,” SISY says across the table. UDGD shifts his cold, obsidian-colored eyes to SISY.
	“Yeah?” he asks simply.
	“About last nigh-”
	“No, forget about it. I was...” UDGD takes a deep breath, and continues, “I was out of line. You’re right, I guess. I shouldn’t have talked you down about your religion. It’s okay,” he says. SISY’s eyes widen in shock. UDGD just apologized!
	“Oh, well thank you, but actually I wanted to talk about your wife. It seemed like you got really, I dunno, hurt when you brought her up,” SISY asks with a tone surprisingly tame in comparison to his usual, violent blare of a voice. UDGD rings the coffee around his cup a little in thought, bitter expression intact.
	“I guess you’re okay. Do ya’ really wanna hear it?”
	“We have time, sure,” SISY encourages. UDGD nods.
	“Alright. Well it all began when I was about twenty four years old. I told you yesterday I ‘spose. I was a blacksmith, an’ it w’s a day like mos’ other. I was just finishing up the work for th’ day when this lady came by. She was... she got me, if ya’ know what I mean. Everythin’ seemed jus’ a bit different with her around- better, somehow. A year or two passed and I finally asked’r t’ bind with me. She said yes, and for a few-”
	“Hey, scrubs,” Mr. Honkers interrupts as he enters the room atop the hands of four maids much like he did last night. “Set me down over there,” he points out to the servants, who quickly comply to his wishes. UDGD sighs, and any honesty in his eyes shrouds back into bitter silence and discontent. 
	“Heya, Honkey,” SISY says with a courteous grin. Mr. Honkers jolts from the shock of being called by such a loathed nick-name.
	“Shut up! Nerd! I told you that such a title is reserved for the honorable people of my own kind!” he snaps back with discontent. SISY’s grin only widens, quickly losing track of UDGD’s who is now forced to sit in his seat and be tormented by the pathetic stupidity of the Lord of the Honk.
	“Yeah, and like I said, friend, there’s no labels on words. I can call you what I want. You do the same thing, don’t you. Dweeb?” SISY states with a smile. Mr. Honkers jolts back even further in offence, having had his personal vocabulary brought into question. Unthinkable!
	“How dare you! This is the treatment I get from someone I could kill a million times over?! Do you not understand that-”
	“So where’s that little device you’re always carrying around?” SISY asks, changing the subject. Mr. Honkers squints with suspicion under his goggles.
	“Peh, I have it right here, of course!”
	“Did you find out how to use it yet, or is that attention span of yours just too short?” SISY says with a sly smirk, ensuing a vicious squeal from Honks.
	“Oh!? How about you, friend?!” he snaps back under the impression that it’s a good comeback. SISY shrugs and looks over to UDGD who also shrugs.
	“Yeah what’s the problem with that, friend?” he asks. Mr. Honkers grinds his tiny teeth in the uphorrous rage of realization that there is simply no way that SISY will take him seriously.
	“Pfffft! Pfffffffffft! You don’t even know,” Honks says with a strong crossing of the arms as several plates of pancakes are served up to him. SISY chuckles.
	“Maybe I don’t. But you should try and realize if you don’t ‘even know’ either,” SISY replies with a modest proposal, rather beginning to like this silly man. Mr. Honkers huffs.
	“Don’t you have some blood to freak out at?”
	“Don’t you have some device to not know how to use?”
	The two of them are very quiet.
	“Yeah, whatever,” Honks says as he picks up his fork and begins swallowing whole pancakes one after the next. SISY sighs, wishing Mr. Honkers wouldn’t suddenly avoid topics when he loses his hand. SISY turns to UDGD.
	“Alright, carry on, friend,” SISY encourages to UDGD, putting sharp emphases on ‘friend’ to cause another cringe from Honks. UDGD shakes his head.
	“Later,” he says simply, putting it off again. SISY nods.
	“Alright,” he agrees as he returns to his food. It seems as though UDGD is approachable on a social level only to some degree; he’s pretty reserved around everyone, SISY decides. A few minutes pass of the three simply enjoying themselves, two to their feasts and one to his beverage, then a servant steps in.
	“Pardon me. We’ve about reached your destination,” he says as he bows politely. The group looks at one another.
	“How far is ‘about’?” Mr. Honkers mumbles with a mouth full of syrupy pancake.
	“I don’t know, the navigator said that all of you should consider meeting with him,” he responds. The three exchange glances.
	“Could you lead us there?” SISY asks as he gets up from his meal.
	“Absolutely,” the servant again replies with grace. UDGD raises with his cup in hand to come along, figuring he might as well not make problems. Mr. Honkers grumbles, ponders a moment, and sighs.
	“Alright, I’ll change your diapers,” he says, pushing aside his half-eaten plate of food and throwing up his short arms in stress.
	The group of three follows the butler, and is led through several halls and corridors to a large room.
	Unlike the rest of the shining keep, this room has a subdued light and color, catering to whoever might be spending a long night setting out coordinates. The outside of the circular room is thickly-accommodated with tables holding charts, graphs, and all sorts of accouterments and devices for the sake of charting and navigation. The room smells of old paper and dogwood, which is the material used in most of the tables. Quite a comfy place for spending longer nights.
	The servant leads the three up to the center of the room, surrounding a circular table with what seems to be a perfect map of their surrounding location, glowing with obsessive accuracy. IMRM and DTO are already there, sharing a bit of polite discussion about personal matters. At the other side of the table is a smart-looking man sipping what looks like tea; what a pansy.
	“Sup guys?”
 	“Hey there.”
	“Hello.”
	“Dweebs,” four of them greet one another. UDGD stays silent, finding his coffee far better company. The slim, rather-dashing geek looks up from the map and his tea to the others.
	“Greetings!” he introduces in a slightly-nasally voice. IMRM turns to the others.
	“This man is Hokair Boneshear. He tells me he is one of Smashland’s top engineers and strategists. He tells me we are upon our destination.” the tallest in the room says with a nod. UDGD finds it strange for such a scrawny man to have such a manly name, but it is normal for the people of Smashland to always give their kids sweet names.
	“Nice to meet ya’! I’m Super Insane Swordsman That Yells a lot!”
	“Mr. Honkers, your boss.”
	“...  They call me Death,” the three of them introduce. Hokair adjusts his glasses upon hearing the introductions.
	“Oh, of course! Yes sirs! I’m here to help! Reason I called you all in here, commanders, is because we’ve arrived at your destination, the ruins of the face-punching cult’s ancient home fortress!” Hokair exclaims with an intellectual interest.
	DTO finds this suspicious. He wonders why the chapter of the cult he and UDGD fought would have a map directing to their old, destroyed base and claimed that there was a great fountain of manliness there. He almost looks over to UDGD to give him a surprised look, but recalls his disguise, and holds his head straight.
	“The face punching cult? Sounds pretty manly!” SISY says with a grin, imagining the treasures that await inside the ruins and all the sweet fights it would take to get them. UDGD strokes the scruff of his dark chin in thought.
	“Yeah, does,” he says simply, reserving his knowledge of where he received this map in the first place. SISY hops up and down in excitement and anticipation.
	“ALRIGHT! WHEN DO WE GO DOWN?!” he adds with a grin as radiant as a star. Hokair smiles.
	“Anytime you all are ready, commanders. Remember this ship is under your command now. As long as you remain the strongest of the keep, we are your loyal servants,” he says with a quick, awkward bow. Mr. Honkers nods.
	“You don’t need to remind me, you twinkling worm-butt. Make arrangements for our departure,” Mr. Honkers commands with an authoritative afro-jiggle. Hokair bows again quickly.
	“Yes sir! Right away! Oh! Or would you like me to go over the scans? That is the second reason why I brought you here, you see.”
	“Hmm. Make it quick, Nerd.” Hokair again bows. Mr. Honkers is really the only one in the group that appreciates his disposition, as the others find it most time-consuming.
	“Oh yes, of course! Please direct your attention to the table here,” Hokair directs as he steps to the side and begins tapping on a panel from the other side of the table. UDGD, DTO, and SISY stare in awe as various holograms rise up out of the stone table powered by magic. Mr. Honkers sighs, and along with IMRM they humor the primitive magical technology.
	“What’s that?!” DTO questions in awe. Hokair smiles and bows his head.
	“This is a creation of Smashland’s magic committee. It is a map that uses mana-based-frequency-sonar to detect geological features below and around us. Basically the way it-”
	“Short version, scrub,” Mr. Honkers commands, knowing that the three have no idea what he’s talking about.
	“Oh, yes sir! It’s a magical map,” Hokair shortens.
	“Oh!”
	“So that’s what it is,” DTO and SISY say. SISY, having opened his mind to the idea of magic a tad more over the past few days is quite fascinated in the discovery of such refined magic. He thought most all magics were simply rough, cheap sorceries and barbaric machines used by people like pyromancers and wizards to keep true warriors at bay in the midst of a fight.
	“Eh, yes. That said, our mana-signature scans have given us some peculiar readings. It seems that the ruins are inhabited by something deep underground but I’m not sure what that could be,” the educated man says as he scratches his well-shaven face in thought.
	“Well ‘course. It’s not like we could ever just go somewhere without things trying to kill us,” Mr. Honkers says with a frown, certain that they’ll encounter a “final boss” or something equally stupid in the ruins. SISY laughs with a creepy, violent disposition.
	“As long as we get to fight what’s down there, I’m okay with anything,” he says with a brilliant grin. DTO hums with uncertainty.
	“But, just so we’re clear, guys. If it isn’t necessarily violent, we don’t have to try and fight it, right?” DTO asks, trying his best to clarify some perfectly-logical terms for engagement. SISY crosses his arms and sighs.
	“Personally I think it’d be best if we just killed everything down there to be sure. You know, better safe than sorry,” SISY says with a smile. DTO shakes his head at SISY’s stupid brashness.
	“Like, really? What could we possibly lose if we were to just make sure they actually wanted to kill us, first?”
	“Easy, we’d miss a good fight!” SISY answers with a grin. DTO’s expression is solidified with disappointment.
	“Naw. We might as well get the jump on ‘em and kill ‘em. They have the fountain after all. They wouldn’t jus’ let us take the manliness or nothin’,” UDGD says, practically deciding for DTO. Mr. Honkers nods.
	“I agree with butt-fold over here. We should just beat ‘em all up. Ain’t that right, robo-dweeb?”
	“Actually I feel that-”
	“Ain’t that right?” Mr. Honkers cuts into IMRM’s sentence as usual.
	“... Yes, that is correct.”
	“Swaglin’! Let’s go!” states the enthused Mr. Honkers, already bored to the feeling of luxury, something he knows a fair bit about. Hokair bows.
	“Alright. If you’re all ready just follow me down to the sky-wire port,” he says with a calm gesture of the hand. The group follows the man with glasses down into the underbelly of the keep. Eventually they’re lead to a sizable room underground lit up with torches set up throughout. Neatly set up in various racks of equipment lies armor, long-term rations, survival tools, and lances; lots and lots of lances. In the middle of the room is a large circular door, closed shut by a complex mechanism of gears and metal.
	“Here’s the deployment room. This is where we can send down ground soldiers who are not trained in the dragoon landing arts, that is, you guys. Are you ready to go?”
	“Uh, how exactly would we be deployed?” DTO asks. Hokair smiles.
	“You don’t know? Basically all we’d do is hook you up to the sky-wire rig here in the keep, then you’re lowered down to the ruins.”
	“Oh, so like a rope. Okay that sounds good. Let’s do it,” DTO responds, underestimating the distance and speed at which he will soon be traveling. Hokair bows and gets to work.
	He hands each of the men harnesses of various sizes that go around the chest like a sort of vest, but looking less along the fancy spectrum and more along the manly and rugged end. Each vest has a thick metal ring attached. There is a tad of instruction from Hokair on how to correctly dawn the vest, and a tad of hesitation and whining from Mr. Honkers who complains about how it makes him feel like a baby with it on, but after a short bit of discussion with IMRM, the tall enigma persuades the short afro-haver that practicality can be considered quite manly, and that he should not decide against using technology for the simple sake of aesthetic appeal. That said, Mr. Honkers gets ready along with all the rest, and Hokair nods enthusiastically.
	“Looks like you’re ready. I’ll just pull you guys up and open the hatch,” Hokair says as he steps over to a control console. “Just connect your ring to some of the hooks over to your left,” he adds, directing them to connect their back rings to the hooks provided. They do so after another bout from Mr. Honkers, claiming that attaching a ring to his back makes him feel like a “milk-drinking-sissy-pants,” to which IMRM promptly replies with the identical lecture about practicality before aesthetics. Mr. Honkers again complies, and the group is now all properly strung up.
	Hokair flips a few switches, turns a couple knobs, and the group of five are slowly hoisted into the air. It is at this point that DTO begins to lose his cool.
	“W-wait! I can’t... is this right?” he asks with concern, quite unused to the idea of being lifted up. Hokair adjusts his glasses and takes a quick look at the rig.
	“Yes sir. It looks just fine!” he assures as he opens up the port.
	The Subspace Orchestra, after a long silence, fires up as the port opens. Dreamy, calm bass strings up into the atmosphere, providing an emotional, slightly sissyish backdrop to the opening port in the sky. A lone piano chimes in, extending a field of awe and elegance around them. DTO realizes that he, along with the others, are hoisted up several hundred feet into the air, overlooking a great pile of ruins, most of the dilapidated structures below looking an awful lot like giant fists. The rapier user mutters incoherently for several seconds until he can forge words correctly.
	“S-s-so you’re just going to lower us, is that right?” DTO asks, petrified at the thought of something going wrong.
	“Well of course!” Hokair replies with a calm smile. “Are you five ready?” he questions.
	“Course, noob.”
	“YEAH LET’S GO!”
	“I am.”
	“Sure.”
	“Uh, I-”
	“Okay, just reconnect and tug on the wires when you’re ready to come back up!” Hokair instructs, not hearing the hesitation in DTO’s voice. He pulls the leaver to descend the selected ropes, and the five fall down out of the port hole, soaring to the ruins below.

	 
	CHAPTER TWENTY SIX: “REVENGE”
	The group plummets at falling speed as the Subspace Orchestra’s music picks up with the addition of drums pounding with a military rhythm. Amongst the group, only IMRM has really experienced anything similar to this, so the others are a bit on edge, though most are not showing it. UDGD is well-composed as usual, his thoughts occupied more along the lines what’s below in the underbelly of the ruins. SISY is smiling as usual, his every living moment a joy to live. Mr. Honkers has the same cocky smile as usual. IMRM descends without even a twitch, as if he were simply an object. DTO, out of the group, is by far the most sissyish with the drop.
	“HOLY SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT! WHY AREN’T WE SLOWING DO- SHIT ACE HELP ME SHIT SHIT HELP HELLLLLLP!” is a small sliver of the man’s loud plea to any who would hear him as he holds his hood on to conceal his identity. Mr. Honkers raises a brow upon his hearing DTO’s cries. He presumes that IMRM’s told DTO a bit more than he told him to. The tiny man shrugs. It’s no problem; but he really does prefer staying mysterious and awesome.
	“Shut up twinkles. I’m sure these guys know what they’re doing,” Mr. Honkers says over their decent. In truth, he’s falling very near IMRM for the sole reason that he’s the only one in the group that could survive a fall like this, and thus would make it easy for IMRM to land with him should things go bad. DTO mutters like a child whose candy has been taken away.
	“A-A-ARE YOU SU-?”
	“Yes, scrub. Now chill out,” he adds, just the moment the group hears, and feels, resistance being given above. DTO still doesn’t relax, however, and screams continually in a manner altogether quite irritating to the others. The group’s decent, along with the intensity of the orchestra, slows down gradually until they have halted completely, just a meter away from the ground. UDGD and the rest dismount their harnesses with relative ease. DTO shakes for a few seconds more, staring into the sky.
	“Hey, get down. We have shit t’do,” UDGD tells DTO, who slowly phases back into reality and shakes himself into the situation to complete the reintegration.
	“Eh, yeah, right,” he says as he unstraps the harness slowly and carefully.
	All around them, are the pure-white stone ruins of the face punching guild’s greatest temple, explored by many, and as of late even a popular tourism destination among the people of Smashland. A clean breeze blows through the various stone arches and statues of fists punching various other statues of private parts and internal organs.
	“Well, here we are,” IMRM says with a demeanor as calm as every word he’s spoken during this trip. UDGD eyes the environment warily.
	“Yeah, here we are,” he repeats with a suspicious softness unlike his usual tones of certainty. DTO, having barely recovered from his first ever descent from an air fortress, again seizes up in fear.
	The gut-wrenching, deathly intensity he has been anticipating has finally hit. Poor Phillip realizes that this will either be his final moment, or his finest hour. He needs some distraction, anything, to isolate UDGD and finish what he had set out to do.
	“Alright, noobsters, split up and look for an entrance!” Mr. Honkers commands, waving his hand about to send them on their way. DTO grins, and nods.
	“Wait just a sec,” UDGD says, halting the group.
	“What do you want, nerd?”
	“Dick’s a professional on this place, right? Haven’t ya’ been here b’fore?” UDGD asks, turning to the only one in the group whose face has not been revealed to the others. DTO’s heart begins pounding, pushing the blood to his brain.
	“Eh, no. Actually I’ve only read books on the subject. I... uh, I think that Mr. Honker’s plan sounds the best,” he says, seconding the “split up” option. UDGD huffs, and shrugs.
	“Aight. Let’s go,” he says as he turns from the group. 
	“See you all in a bit. Yell if you find something to fight, please,” SISY says as he too leaves.
	“See you nerds later. If you hear snoring, it’s probably nothing that you should check out,” Mr. Honkers instructs as he waves off.
	IMRM looks over to DTO, and just stares at him for a moment. DTO’s hairs stand on end.
	“What?” he asks as if he didn’t know.
	“Phillip... Don’t do it,” IMRM says now that the others are out of ear-shot. There is another short pause. The Subspace Orchestra takes note with a dramatic ambient score. Both do their best to ignore it.
	“Ace, I have to. Let me.”
	“Is there any way I could stop you?”
	“... You’d have to kill me.”
	“... I see,” IMRM says simply. The two stare at one another for a moment more, and then IMRM turns away, pulling his hood over his dark, partially-shattered head. DTO watches him leave, takes a deep breath, and starts off in UDGD’s direction.
	The overgrown ruins crowded with monuments of fists punching most every animal imaginable creates a sizable maze of sorts. As DTO finds his way through the rubble of an ancient city, he too attempts to find the motivation to not kill UDGD. As strange a person as IMRM is, there’s a part to him that DTO wants to please, a rare thing in the heart of a man that respects few others. However, IMRM and the past few days have not convinced DTO that he should forgive a self-centered, thieving murderer who spares not a thought for anyone else. He decides to ignore any compassion, and engage in the act of revenge. DTO’s mind is made up the moment he hears the cool, calculated breath of UDGD, just around the corner from him. DTO wonders now how he should go about doing it.
	He could rush him, rapier drawn, and get it over with quickly. He could wait in a corner for him to come close, maximizing the chance that he’ll get the first hit. Perhaps he could throw a stone aside and draw his attention elsewhere while he creeps up. DTO thinks on it, and for some reason, these cowardly, smarter acts feel inappropriate. He wants so much to kill UDGD on his own merit, to destroy the object of his hate on his own playing field. Yes, that’s it. It would be meaningless if he were to just kill him, he needs the true satisfaction.
	DTO steps outright in front of the Grim Axeman. UDGD was already facing his direction, having sensed something nearby. His expression turns from alert to discontent as he realizes that it’s not an enemy in front of him, just DTO.
	“Hey, you c’n search over there, I think I’ve got this part pretty well combed-over,” UDGD says as he continues shifting about the ground a bit in the search of something secret. DTO just stands there, breathing heavily. UDGD, seeing that his companion is not moving away, looks back up to him. “Hey, I said you c’n g-” UDGD halts his sentence as DTO abruptly pulls off his deep hood, revealing his head and his identity. HT’s blonde, thick head of hair shines in the sun, his cowlick springing to attention in defiance. His brown eyes display intense fear as his pupils shake wildly. His breath, viciously heavy, betrays his high heart rate.
	UDGD stares at him for a moment more, and reaches up for his axe as he gets up.
	“Don’t be a dumbass, kid. I know I did you wrong on that job, but getting even isn’t worth a life,” UDGD says calmly, resting his hand on the hilt of his giant cleaving weapon. HTO stares with a rabid disfocus for a moment, and then spits at UDGD’s feet.
	“Fuck yes it’s worth your life! Do you have any idea how hard my life’s been these past few months? Do you know what it’s like to be kicked out of your own home by your dad? Do you know what it’s like to eat shitty noodles and rice every day for the past half year because you’re broke?! Do you have any idea what it’s like to be totally and completely fucking alone without a single thing to live for?” HTO spits out with teeth fully bared. UDGD looks at HT, and for just a moment, sees a younger version of himself; he also sees what he’d call a “little bitch”. He sighs.
	“Y’little bitch, talkin’ like you know life. What are you, 18?”
	“I’M TWENTY FOUR, YOU DIRTY MOTHER FUC-”
	“Cool, twenty four. Let m’give ya’ some advice, a free gift from someone eleven years older th’n ya’.”
	“I DON-”
	“Listen up, kid. People’ll screw you over, but it ain’t worth spillin’ blood for. There’s happiness outside’f wealth, n’ one day, if ya’ live that long, you’ll-”
	“NO! NO! I’M NOT TAKING ADVICE FROM SOMEONE WHO STOLE FROM ME. WHAT THE FUCK WOULD YOU KNOW ABOUT BEING HAPPY ANYWAY?! YOU’RE MISERABLE!” HTO interrupts, his grip shaking. UDGD is silent a moment as he considers his response.
	“Yeah, I am. I guess I can’t really talk about that from how you saw it. Look, I really needed the money.”
	“FOR WHAT?! YOUR SWIMMING POOL? PROSTITUTES?! DRUGS?”
	“No, listen-”
	“I’M DONE. I’M DONE WITH YOUR SHIT!... I... You’re right about one thing. I don’t know what it means to be happy yet, but once I see your corpse lying before me, I will! ENGARDE, YOU BASTARD!” HTO shouts, rushing forth with his sword drawn. UDGD inhales sharply.

	ENGAGE!

	HT thrusts forward with a straight stronger and manlier than any he has delivered. UDGD draws his axe and pulls it up just in time to intercept the hilt into the tip of HT’s rapier. HTO draws back and thrusts forward again and again each time with increasing speed.
	UDGD wears heavy armor around all of his body with the exception of his head, which is bare. HTO just needs to graze him once at the right place to finish the fight.
	UDGD blocks and dodges with intense focus, completely silent in his movements until HTO makes his first reckless strike. UDGD sweeps his hilt across with the axe blade in his other hand, knocking the rapier to the side just enough to open HT’s face. The Axeman abruptly sends his armored fist into HT’s face, knocking off his guard and crushing his nose. UDGD follows up with a grasp to the rapier’s hilt, and throwing it aside as HTO recovers in the same moment. UDGD shoves his hilt into HT’s face, the rigid end into the side of the head, providing a cracking sound as HTO is knocked over on the ground. HTO makes a quick effort to reach for his rapier, but not before UDGD continues his assault with a boot to his teeth, effectively knocking out several of them. HTO reels from the trauma as UDGD sends his boot into his head again and again, cutting the young man’s face and scalp against the metal. With one last strike, HTO has his consciousness finally beaten out of him, rendering him helpless to UDGD’s will.

	VICTORY!

	UDGD stares at the downed, blood-covered HTO and feels pity; however, his goals are too important to let others screw it up for him. He’s going to kill him. Regardless of this boy’s deal, it’s not enough to let him live. The painted warrior looks about, sighs, and raises his axe.
	“Sorry, kid,” is all he says. UDGD throws the axe down at HT’s neck, waiting for the unnerving splattering sound of the young man’s blood covering his axe.
	“Klish” is the sound he hears instead, like the breaking of glass rather than the breaking of nerves. UDGD looks down in surprise, seeing his axe just barely hovering over HT’s neck. It seems as though his axe has split through some sort of invisible fabric, because there’s a strange distortion around his axe. Part of the blade simply disappeared inside this space, as if it were behind some illusion. UDGD pulls out his axe and looks around. The Axeman of Doom can take a fair guess as to who is behind this.
	“Robo, you there?”  UDGD asks in a breath. There is a short pause.
	“Very astute of you. How did you guess?” a voice says from behind the invisible veil.
	“Who else could pull shit this weird?”
	“I presume by this you mean my seeming invisibility?”
	“Duh, yeah. And I guess you’re gonna’ tell me to let him live?”
	“... That would be a preferable outcome.”
	“Cool, but it ain’t gonna’ happen. He’s a dead man, Robo. He’s a guy I know from before this all happened. He’s just been disguised to wait for the right time.”
	“I’m aware of this.”
	“Yeah? So why didn’t you tell me?”
	“I thought it would be damaging to our overall teamwork-dynamic and morale if one or more of the group members were aware of-”
	“Ya’ know what, I don’t care. Step aside.”
	“... So you are beyond reasoning then?”
	“Yeah, I’d say that.”
	“... I see. Then how about this: If you do not desist I will again engage you in battle.”
	“Is that supposed to be a threat?”
	“ ‘Tactical persuasion’ would be the term I would use.”
	“Yeah; a threat then. Ya’ think I’m so weak as t’back down to a threat?” UDGD asks as he raises his axe back up to swinging height. IMRM thinks for a moment.
	“On the contrary. I believe you are too weak to give in to a threat,” the unseeable man accuses. UDGD’s eyes widen into indignant disgust and confusion.
	“What?”
	“True strength is not measured by the size of the mountains one moves, but the reason for the moving them in the first place.”
	“The fuck are you talking about?”
	“Mr. Axeman, conceding to a threat is not always a sign of weakness, but instead a declaration of having one’s priorities in the right place. Mr. Phillip here does not need to die. You can forgive him for attempting to kill you. He will not know that I stayed your hand, and for that reason he will be indebted to you. You can spare him, and gain a friend, Mr. Axeman. You will still have killed your enemy, Mr. Axeman, because your enemy will now be your friend.”
	“Shit, just call me Rick, alright? And you’re wrong.”
	“You may call me Ace; and am I?”
	“Yeah. Have you seen those eyes of his? He’s dead set to kill me. There’s no way.”
	“I would be inclined to disagree. People can be changed more easily than you think, it seems.”
	“Yeah? By manipulating them?”
	“This is not manipulation. While I may provide ample reason for them to agree to my plans, the choice is still up to them.”
	“I don’t care what you think. There’s nothing wrong with protecting your interests.”
	“There is if it comes to contest the interests of humanity as a whole. Don’t you think?”
	“What?”
	“The survival and progress of humanity.”
	“What? This is progress! Survival of the fittest, right?”
	“In some cases that does apply, but human beings are gifted with compassion, a trait that beasts lack. The use of it is what makes much of human society successful.”
	“Fuck compassion. I was never shown any!”
	“Was it not compassion that I did not murder you when you threw an axe to my head?”
	“I-”
	“Was it not compassion that I kept your attempt at murder a secret, both times? Most of the scars on my body are from by you, yet I have not left a single mark on you.”
	“Damn, okay. I guess you have a point. But I’m telling you Heart Tearer Outer here won’t give up.”
	“It is certainly worth waiting to find out,” IMRM says as he suddenly appears, body poised over the defenseless Phillip. UDGD’s scowl weakens as IMRM picks up DTO. “Right then, follow me,” IMRM requests as he walks with UDGD through a couple of archways and past a few moss-covered beefy arm statues to what looks like the center of an circular amphitheater. IMRM places HTO on the ground carefully, resting his head against a tuft of soft grass, and then speaks.

	 
	CHAPTER TWENTY SEVEN: THE PATH TO THE FOUNTAIN (AKA: BUBBLING LITTLE SISSIES THAT CAN’T EVEN MAKE GOOD TRAPS... NOT THAT A MAN WOULD SET A TRAP OR ANYTHING, THAT’S SUPER NOT-MANLY!)
	“Alright. We might as well go ahead and open the way. The sound of its revealing should alert the other two,” IMRM says in his usual tone, as if he were in complete control. UDGD looks at the tall man with a hint of humor, as if he were some sort of magician.
	“Yeah, and jus’ where would we find this entrance?” he asks, arms crossed.
	“I took the liberty of locating it while keeping an eye on you and Mr. Phillip. I believe that the access panel to activate the opening mechanism is directly below your feet. I also suspect it is set with a trap to dispose of infiltrators,” IMRM explains. UDGD keeps his expression cold, but inside is in awe; how does he know?
	“Yeah?” UDGD questions bluntly.
	“Yes,” the darker, taller one responds. UDGD stomps on the ground, and feels that the dirt under his boot is thinner than it should be.
	“Yeah,” UDGD responds in turn, realizing that IMRM was correct in his claims. The Dark Axeman gets on knee, scrapes aside the grass and dirt to find a small stone plate. UDGD scoffs at the surprisingly-obvious appearance of the plate, and moves to the side as he pulls it off. In the blink of an eye a bloody stone fist, about the size of a human’s head, smashes from out bellow, missing UDGD’s face only because of his previous precaution of moving out of the way. The Grim Axeman shakes his head, disappointed at the thought of people actually dying to something so lame.
	“Stupid,” he mutters softly as the trap lowers itself and resets to its readied position, prepared to spring again should the stone plate be replaced and removed. UDGD peers down into the opening, only an arm’s length in depth, and inspects what’s inside.
	There is a brass panel with a paragraph engraved on it at the top. The paragraph is incomplete, however, as occasional words in the paragraph are juxtaposed with numbers. Under the paragraph are five switches, each with a word above and below it. Below the switches is a button.
	UDGD presumes this is a puzzle made for the inhabitants of the face-punching cult’s old city, something they presumed only one of their initiates would know. The skilled warrior guesses that the button is to check the answer for the puzzle, and if it is wrong, it will more-than-likely reactivate the stupid-but-deadly face-obliterating trap. UDGD reads the paragraph, and then the words above and below each switch.

	The paragraph reads as follows:
	“The Face Punching Cult is the (#1) group of (#2) (#3) you’ll ever meet! They love fighting, drinking a ton, and (#4)! They’re the (#5)!”
	
	The switches read as follows:
	Switch #1 has the words “weakest” and “coolest”.
	Switch #2 has the words “intense” and “dumbass”.
	Switch #3 has the words “badasses” and “buttholes”.
	Switch #4 has the words “murder” and “penises”.
	Switch #5 has the words “gayest” and “manliest”.
	
	UDGD sighs, and promptly flips switches #1 and #5 down, and switches #2, #3, and #4 up, making the sentence:

	“The Face Punching Cult is the (coolest) group of (intense) (badasses) you’ll ever meet! They love fighting, drinking a ton, and (murder)! They’re the (manliest)!”

	Without another thought spared to it, UDGD presses the button.
	“click” goes a sound below.
	UDGD rises up from the ground, and looks around.
	“Alright, what ne-” he halts his sentence as a great rumbling emanates from beneath their feet.
	Guitars fire up from a deep bass to a wild electric, viciously shredding as an enormous opening tears in the ground as it forces an entryway out from the dirt. From within the depths shines an evil, probably-manly light. For a rare moment, the Subspace Orchestra breaks out into applause, quite impressed that the heroes have gotten this far in their search. The invisible hands clap on for a few seconds more, and then fade back into silence. UDGD stares down into the opening as the others approach.
	“Hey, I heard... WHOA, IT’S A HUGE TUNNEL!” SISY exclaims as he rushes though a group of hanging vines.
	“Yeah, it is,” UDGD says bluntly. SISY looks around and sees DTO on the ground.
	“WHOA WHOA IS HE OKAY? WHAT HAPP-”
	“He ran into somethin’ I think,” says UDGD, not completely lying considering DTO’s has been running into his foot quite a few times. SISY shrugs.
	“IS HE ALR-”
	“Yeah, he’s fine.”
	“Oh, good. So this is the way to the fountain?” SISY asks, presuming correctly that DTO will regain consciousness in a few moments.
	“Of course it-” Honks yawns in the midst of his sentence, “is you noob,” he says as he approaches the others; he sounds as if he’s been napping all twenty of these minutes they’ve been down here “Did you think it was their pantry or something? Butthole.” SISY grins, seeing Mr. Honkers as snippy as ever. Honks looks over to DTO.
	“Did he see his reflection and faint?”
	“Naw, I think he jus’ hit somethin’. He’ll be okay in a bit,” UDGD says as he stands in front of the entrance, peering down. The other two join him, IMRM standing to the side next to DTO, politely waiting.
	UDGD and Honks frown looking at the depths below.
	“So we ready?” UDGD asks the others. Mr. Honkers pulls up his purple-tinted goggles just a moment to address UDGD with an expression that says: “do you have a brain.” The Axeman sighs, and shakes his head. “Let’s go,” he says, catching Mr. Honker’s bitter vibe. IMRM nods.
	“Very good. I’ll take Mr. Phillip along with us,” the tallest in the group says as he steps over to DTO. SISY wonders for a moment who this “Mr. Phillip” is, and then realizes that IMRM is talking about DTO.
	“Wait a sec,” UDGD says, stopping IMRM.
Mr. Honkers rolls his eyes. “I’ll do it,” UDGD adds, picking the boy up and piggybacking him like a kid. SISY looks on in a bit of surprise, unsure how to feel about UDGD’s display of affection.
	“Ahh, alright. Thank you, Mr. Rick,” IMRM nods. SISY squints an eye just a bit hearing another new name. He guesses that IMRM must be a rather nosy person as to find out people’s names in the group so quickly.
	“Yeah, no problem,” UDGD says as he carries DTO into the entryway and down the steps. IMRM comes along, leaving Mr. Honkers and SISY staring in thought. UDGD turns around. “You guys comin’?” he asks.
	“Oh, yeah! Let’s do it!”
	“I was straightening my... balls,” the two of them answer as they catch up to the other three.
	The five of them descend the stone steps down into the warm guts of the face punching cult’s ancient headquarters. Assailing the group’s nostrils are scents all-too-familiar to people like UDGD and SISY. Blood, sweat, shit, and the sobering scent of stomach bile, probably from splattered entrails deeper in, are all distinctive to the noses of the two warriors in the surprisingly hot innards of the well-lit tunnel. UDGD scowls with abyssal deepness.
	“The guy was right,” he says, referring to their air-fortress’ navigator.
	“What guy?” SISY asks as they continue down the stairs into a hall of stone.
	“You know, the navigator guy.”
	“Oh, Hokair?”
	“Yeah that dude.”
	“Oh yeah, you mean about the signs of life?”
	“You smell it too?”
	“How could I not? All of this blood and guts smell really fresh!” SISY says with an enthusiasm that the others in the group do not find all too comforting.
	“Yeah, and how could these torches be lit for so long if no one’s been here. Be ready. I think an-... stop,” UDGD says as he extends his hand to the side and stops calmly. The others stop behind him. Mr. Honkers looks ahead of them.
	“Noob, do you even lift? There’s obviously nothing in front of us,” he says with his usual tone of voice sounding like a cross between the voice of a man born without a nose and the jeering of a hated relative. UDGD sharpens his perception a bit more, and spots the trap in front of them.
	“A trap, look, these tiles,” UDGD points out, “they all have pictures on them.”
	“Yeah cute, so we just walk across the tiles like any normal tiles- hur durr.”
	“Dumbass, look up,” UDGD says as he gestures to the ceiling. For every tile below, there is a hole in the ceiling situated directly above each one. Mr. Honkers huffs in surprise upon realizing the actually quite-obvious trap, and looks to the side.
	“Well it’s not like I would have triggered it, fatty,” Honks says softly, implying that he, unlike UDGD, is too light-weight and fit to set off such a dumb trap. Everyone in the group save Honks finds this statement ironic. UDGD nods sarcastically, hearing the whole thing before, and turns back to the trap.
	“... Any ideas?” he questions to the others, guessing IMRM will again have the perfect solution. SISY hums in thought a moment, and snaps his fingers in revelation.
	“I got it. Look at the pictures. Only some of them are manly and cool!” SISY says with a grin. The other three look down, and realize that SISY is more-or-less right.
	On the tiles there are various depictions of people fighting, having sex, drinking, breaking the law, doing drugs, not caring about other’s opinions, and other things that are probably considered pretty manly. On even more tiles, however, are opposing depictions of people sharing, flowers, adorable puppies, logical discussion, patience, properly-directed expression of one’s emotions, and other things that simply are not seen as very manly at all. The group takes a quick moment to exchange glances, and then they cross.
	UDGD leaps forward first with HTO in tow, the others following his pattern to a t. 
	UDGD leaps first on the depiction of a man tearing off another man’s penis...
	Then the one of a dude on fire punching people in the face...
	Then the one of an infant baby punching out of his mother’s stomach...
	Then the one of a skeleton wailing on a sweet guitar in hell...
	Then the one of a man masturbating out knives into the skull of an alligator...
	Then the one of a rattlesnake with beefy arms devouring the heart of an eagle...
	Then the one of a dude having sex with a million girls who are also skeletons all at once while exploding...
	Then the one of a guy sprouting swords for wings and blasting people’s heads off with his manly-power laser beams while on fire and exploding... And then he reaches the end.
	The group follows closely, even Mr. Honkers after he accidentally missed his jump and landed on the tile depicting a calm, responsibly-executed democratic summit between kittens. Suddenly a spear jabs down from the ceiling directly above Mr. Honkers, set to put a large hole in the skull of any who does not heed the ways of manliness. However it is to much fortune for Mr. Honkers, and to much disappointment to readers who dislike him, (shame on you, Reader!) that he is too short to have his skull penetrated by the metal spear. That said, Mr. Honkers gets to the other side completely unharmed, with the exception of his afro, which has been divided in the center just a bit with the spear run-in. SISY snickers at the sight.
	“Laugh it up, scrub. Anything looks good on me,” Mr. Honkers says with a shrug. SISY nods.
	“You bet,” is all SISY has to say on the matter.
	The group continues on through the tunnel, passing primitive depictions of great battles, men growing extra beefy arms, and even a depiction of a really intense dude drinking a goblet of blood while masturbating to a pile of burning corpses. SISY’s eyes sparkle with manly admiration as he stares at all of the unquestionably-badass and cool images.
	“THESE GUYS MUST BE THE MANLIEST EVER!” SISY exclaims with a violent convulsion. UDGD says nothing, but gives SISY a manly “glance of approval” at his words.
	“Yeah, but they’re also scrubs. None of them have afros,” Mr. Honkers astutely points out, his opinion being that only the manliest of people can bear the ultimate hairstyle. SISY chuckles.
	“Right, because they definitely don’t look stupid.”
	“Of course I’m right. It’s not like I’ve ever been wrong before.”
	“Riiight, because you definitely set off that trap behind us on purpose.”
	“Shut up, buttscrub. We all know that was your invisible weight displacement,” replies Mr. Honkers, finishing their conversation and giving SISY an altogether satisfied look.
	The group moves along, passing the various other paths to other places of the underground keep, because UDGD knows well that the most important things have to be at the center of everything and lead in by the most obvious of paths. They move all the way to the end of the hallway where they encounter a large stone door blocking their way.
	The door absolutely exudes manliness, and is made even more so with the addition of the Subspace Orchestra, rising up a choral score to match the greatness of the double doors shaped like a fist. They stare in awe a moment of the doors.
	“This it?” UDGD questions, marveling at the towering doors. SISY begins shaking uncontrollably.
	“GET HYPE GET HYPE GET HYPE GET HYPE GET HYPE GET HYPE GET HYPE GET HYPE GET HYPE GET HYPE-”
	“SHUT UP, DWEEB!”
	“Dumbass, we heard ya’ the first time,” Mr. Honkers and UDGD snap in their own respective fashions. The long-haired swordsman laughs heartily as he scratches the back of his neck, still trying to get his reckless grin under control.
	“Sorry, friends, I’m just certain this’ll be my-” SISY takes a tremendous inhale,  “BEST FIGHT YE-”
	“BUTTHOLE, SHUT UP- NOW THEY DEF KNOW WE’RE HERE!”
	“Holy shit, Swordsman ramp up th’enthusiasm. Can’t fucking hear you,” Mr. Honkers and UDGD respond again, one being as crass as usual and the other resulting to biting sarcasm. SISY sighs.
	“Fine fine. Can I at least yell during the fight?”
	“Only if it’s loud enough t’ make our heads explode,” UDGD says. SISY grins and nods violently.
	“OKA- I mean, okay,” he responds, completely missing UDGD’s sarcasm. Mr. Honkers and UDGD shake their heads about lightly, both reminded that SISY’s not exactly the best when it comes to social cues, and decide to move on.
	“Right. So this should be th’ door t’ th’ fountain, right?”
	“I guess. If DTO were awake we could just ask him,” SISY notes as he nods his head to the side a bit. Upon hearing this, UDGD feels a slight twitch from HTO- he’s awake. He takes a sharp breath, and opens his eyes. HTO looks about quickly, and then realizes that he’s in UDGD’s arms. For a short moment he begins reaching for his rapier, but then asks himself why he is alive. Just as quickly as he raises his guard, he lowers it. UDGD brutishly drops him on the floor.
	“ ’Bout time ya’ woke up,” UDGD says with a hint of humor, not at all displeased at getting the chance of dropping his comrade. HTO groans in pain as he rubs his shoulder from the drop, and gets to his feet. He’s silent a moment, as he doesn’t know what to say.
	“What’s the matter, noob?” Honks questions. HTO shakes his head.
	“I-it’s nothing. I’m ready,” he responds.
	“Good- and watch your face next time you jump around like a dumbass. It makes you look like a huge pussy,” UDGD says with his ever-present look of disgust. HTO pauses just a second in thought, and nods.
	“Yeah, I’m sorry,” he responds to the Axeman, looking him directly in the eyes. UDGD notices that while the boy’s voice says “sorry”, his eyes say, “thank you”. This is, of course, incredibly unmanly, and is swiftly combatted with a rolling of the eyes from UDGD.
	“Yeah, cool. Now let’s go get to the fountain,” UDGD says as he approaches the door, the others agree with varying amounts of manliness, and follow up.
	The doors are wide, very wide; looking as though an adult dragon could fit through them. Carved along the surfaces is a mural of a great manly beast holding limitless power in his hands as other beasts below him eviscerate themselves in admiration.
	“Okay, on three,” UDGD says as he leans against the doors as if he’s about to push. HTO, SISY, and IMRM join him. Mr. Honkers just watches. “One... two... three... push!” On the axeman’s mark, the four men push at the doors with all their force, but are unable to move the great stones shaped as doors.
	“Wow, scrubs can’t even open a door,” Honks bites calmly, trying his best to get his mind off of how bad his afro looks right now. SISY laughs at Mr. Honker’s pretentious statement.
	“Oh yeah? And how would you open the door, friend?” he asks with his usual grin, completely contrasted to UDGD’s scowl. Mr. Honkers rolls his eyes and chuckles lightly. He points at the men’s feet, to another mural. It displays a group of men letting blood into a circular groove, with a dipection of the door opening above them. Honks then points to a circular groove at the base of the doors.
	“I’d use my brain, something only a real man could do, T-Y-V-M,” Mr. Honkers replies, using a shortened phrase for “thank you very much”. SISY’s grin sharpens.
	“So I guess we just need to bleed into this little pool-shaped thing?” SISY questions as he gets on knee over the groove.
	“Seems that way. Door must be enchanted or somethin’,” UDGD replies as he removes his left hand gauntlet. HTO quivers at the thought of self-harm the moment SISY begins.
	The muscular swordsman presses a finger into his wrist so deeply that he tears open the skin, flays the flesh, and begins bleeding profusely out of the new wound. 
	“Oh, gods,” HTO whimpers.
	UDGD is next, raising his left hand up to his mouth, the Axeman chews into his palm, and tears a wound with his teeth.
	“Oh, gods!” HTO again says, this time with even more fear. UDGD spits out some blood, and turns to the youngest in the group, HTO. The pool is roughly half-full.
	“You’re next. Get over here,” the Axeman commands to the rapier-user.
	“Uh, um, I think that maybe Mr. Honkers would be able to eh,... do you think maybe you two could ju-”
	“Holy shit, you’re such a little pussy,” UDGD says with bitter deepness.
	“COME ON, FRIEND. BLEEDING’S FU-”
	“Volume.”
	“Right, sorry. Bleeding’s super fun!” SISY encourages after a quick noise-level correction from UDGD. HTO feels sick to his stomach, and breaks into a sweat.
	“O-... okay,” the young man says as he kneels down with the other two. UDGD looks over to Mr. Honkers, who begins biting his hand.
	“Mmmph! Ugh, my skin is too hard to be broken. Looks like you noobs’ll have to bleed more in my place!” Mr. Honkers says with a shrug. UDGD and SISY exchange a quick glance, neither expecting him to be of any help, and turn again to IMRM. They realize that from all the wounds he’s taken, he hasn’t bled a drop- weird, but not what they’re interested in right now. The two turn back to HTO.
	“Go on,” the Axeman says as he pulls a small shiv out from one of his armor-bound compartments. HTO pauses a moment, takes a breath, and grasps the small knife.
	“Alright,” the young man agrees as he pulls up the sleeve from around his left hand and takes off his gauntlet. The knife hovers there a moment, trembling over the palm of HTO’s choosing. Mr. Honker snickers, as HTO steels himself, and finally stabs himself in the hand. It incision was a bit clumsy though, causing it to hurt far more than it would normally.
	“SHIIIIIIT! SHIT SHIT SHIIII-”
	“QUIET THE FUCK DOWN.”
	“YELLING PARTY!”
	“Wow, you guys are such casuals,” honks Mr. Honkers with an air of complete superiority. The group is silent for a second, with the exception of SISY, who is giving a hearty laugh to his companions. He finds this all way too fun.
	Surprisingly enough, nothing heard their shouting, leaving HTO to bleed the last drop needed for entry. Just as the last bit of crimson falls from his palm a great shaking erupts from the doors, and the Subspace Orchestra fires up. The opening gap lets lose a torrent of blood, flowing from its waist-deep height down to the heels of the group. The rush of blood is accompanied by a full orchestral score. The sweeping strings, woodwinds, and brass instruments introduce the room of their greatest encounter yet and perhaps their last. The opening lets loose a blinding, crimson-colored light, pushing the orchestra to an apex. The music retreats in decibel and complexity as the doors finish their movement, but the bowed instruments continue playing lightly, as if to provide a backdrop for the insane badassery that awaits the group.
	UDGD, at the forefront of the group, looks back to the others just a moment. IMRM is the only one who notices, but there is a glint of camaraderie in his eye, looking at all of them.
	“Well, scrubs, what are we waiting for? You know if it was just me exploring this dungeon I would’ve finished in about a minute. You noobs may not know it, but my legs are pretty swag for running long dista-”
	“Let’s go,” the Graveman says, interrupting Honks and pushing the group into the bloody light. Mr. Honkers shrugs.
	“Yeah, kay,” is all he has to say as he enters along with the rest. 
	CHAPTER TWENTY EIGHT: THE FOUNTAIN OF TESTOSTERONE (AKA: THE MANLIEST OF FLUIDS)
	The moment the group walks into the enormous circular room, easily the size of a fair-sized town, the group feels an intense pressure pushing attempting to overwhelm them. HTO is instantly brought to his knees. It is impossible to see more than ten feet ahead of oneself in the sea of crimson mist around them, but the entire group can clearly hear heavy breathing, emanating deeper inside the large room.
	“Wh-what the hell is this?! It’s like I’m being pushed down by something!” he grumbles as he struggles to get back to his feet. Mr. Honkers rolls his eyes.
	“Scrub, that’s the manliness of the fountain’s owner,” he says as he taps his foot, clearly displaying his ability to stand amidst the pressure along with the other “true” men. UDGD isn’t surprised to see HTO so quickly put to the ground, he’s having trouble standing himself.
	The Axeman realizes that whoever’s been using the fountain for all this time must easily be the manliest person alive, so manly in fact that their masculinity gains weight and density, manifesting into reality to show others that he’s the #1 boss. If this pressure is any indication of who it is they’ll be taking this from, it’s no question that this guy is probably not only a 10/10 on the man scale and a 10/10 on the badass scale, but it could be that yet another echelon of measurement will be required for this creature. UDGD thinks it up in his head. This beast will be judged on the “Ultimate manly destroyer badass Xtreme” scale. UDGD nods with grim certainty. It doesn’t matter how manly this guy is, he’s going to kill him and claim the fountain. He’ll be manly enough to surpass the #1 mercenary, and finally his days of painful work will be over. He’ll finally be able to take a break, and focus on what’s most important to him.
	UDGD offer’s HTO his hand, which he takes.
	“Thanks,” the rapier-user says, averting eye-contact with the powerful axeman out of shame.
	“Yeah, sure. We need to keep our legs strong if we’re going to win this fight,” UDGD says, coming off as slightly sissyish to Mr. Honkers and SISY. SISY groans as he stomps his bare foot into the slick stone, producing a deep thumping sound each time. The group gives him his attention.
	“GU- Guys, I know it’s nice to fall on the floor and all but I think the fight of our lives is just around the corner! By Ree’s wounds, Can we just all go and take what’s ours?” SISY asks of the others, really, really itching for a fight. UDGD and Honks nods.
	“Yeah, get this over with,” the Death Man says with abyssal darkness. The others follow along as UDGD enters deeper into the crimson mist.
	Very lightly, the group can hear the Subspace Orchestra rise in tension as they make their ascent up the stone steps to what seems like the center of the room.
	“Hah... haha... hah... haha...-” the chorus of men sing quietly, but with a deep, manly purpose. A deep drum accompanies every note they sing, promising the adventurers a fight they will not soon forget.
	Thea fight they will not soon forget.
	They are only half-way up the steps when they can hear a powerful, fist-like voice, punching their ears.
	“HA! LOOK AT YOU.” The voice begins, “YOU STUPID, WEAK, WEAKLINGS! IT’S SO FUNNY, AS IF YOU EVEN THOUGHT YOU COULD FUCKING LAY A FINGER ON ME. DON’T YOU KNOW WHO I AM? I HAVE 100,000 CONFIRMED KILLS, AND GRADUATED WITH TOP HONORS FROM MEGA-EXPLOSION ACADEMY. I’M SO MANLY, MY GIRLFRIENDS ARE MEN! I’M GOING TO BURN YOU ALL TO A CRISP SO FAST NOT EVEN SOMEONE MANLIER THAN ME COULD SAVE YOUR SOULS BEFORE I SLAM THEM TO THE ENDWORLD! TELL ME, PUSSIES, ARE YOU READY TO BE FUCKED IN THE HEARTS?” the voice monologues as the group makes their way up the steps to the top of the fountain.
	At the top, at the highest pitch of the Subspace Orchestra’s choral arrangement, the five warriors step up to the large pool, spewing forth a clear, glowing liquid from the center.
	UDGD pulls out his greataxe, The Tomb Lord.
	SISY withdraws his great sword, Goutreil.
	HT unsheathes his rapier, Raplynn.
	Honks, pulls out that small device, waiting for the opportune time to use it now that he knows how it works. He’s starting to like the idea of calling it “Mega-science-man-afroinatron-1337”.
	IMRM is last, and bears his scythe of which he did not name.
	The group stays silent as the orchestra joins them. There is a short pause, and then the party feels a rumbling from beneath their feet. The orchestra fires up. Guitars, violins, drums,  and one really-pumped guy singing “YEAAAAAHEAAAAAHEAH!” on the vocals. It’s all here.
	From out of the fountain grasps two great, beast-man hands, both the size of bears. Pulling himself out, the great lord of the fountain. His horns, enormous beefy arms, rise mightily out from the fountain’s pool and quickly raises both middle fingers in total defiance to all that is not manly. He raises his head, hairy as a bear and as scarred as a corpse, fully out, and opens his crimson eyes with pupils shaped like fists. He looks upon the five with cindery eyes, and frowns. His mighty maw opens, pushing forth a merciless gust of rotten breath. He begins laughing, but with the deepest scowl possible. His manly tusks, also rock-solid beefy arms flipping the bird, wave menacingly with his jaw, able to devour a panther whole. The foliage of facial hair worshipping his face dries off due to his intense body heat, and forms into the shape of a giant fist, holding another giant fist, that’s holding an angry serpent with a pair of knives in its mouth which are stabbing into an inferior warrior, who also seems to have impaled himself out of his incompetence; it’s a large beard, the Reader must understand.
	He pulls out of the fountain completely and displays his burning muscles, fists and also that other thing which some men might be proud of for some reason. He takes one step forward, almost pushing HTO back to the ground with the weight and strength of his manly aura.
	“FUCKING WOW. LOOK AT YOU FAGGOTS. ALL OF YOU ARE STILL ON YOUR FEET. PERHAPS THIS EXECUTION WILL TAKE LONGER THAN A SECOND? PROBABLY FUCKING NOT. LOOK AT YOU LITTLE DICKBUTTS. YOU, EDGY SKULL-FACED BUTTHOLE, DO YOU THINK YOUR STUPID-ASS EMO AXE IS GOING TO SAVE YOU WHEN I BITE OFF YOUR HEAD?”
	“We’re here for the fountain... you weak-ass bitch,” UDGD says lightly, almost as if he were uninterested in the masculine glory of the being before him. The beast smiles so hard that his tendons tear and a flood of blood and testosterone geyser out.
	“HOLY FUCK. A DICK ON THIS ONE, EH? WELL GUESS THE FUCK WHAT, BITCH? I’M GOING TO TEAR IT OFF AND MAKE YOU EAT IT! YOU EDGY LITTLE CUNT,” the great creature says, passing judgment upon UDGD. The Manly Graveman rolls his eyes. He decides that guy is obviously pretty badass, but he’s also super annoying.
	“Wow, you’re a cool-ass dude,” he says with complete-non-honesty. The great beast man grins more, spewing out more blood, and rolls his eyes so high up into his skull that the tendons are ripped and he blinds himself. Mr. Honkers scoffs, and is about to rebuttal, but instead the great beast just laughs with pleasure.
	“OH FUCK. PAIN FEELS SO FUCKING GOOD I CAN’T GET ENOUGH OF IT!” the beast rages as he tears out his eyes and swallows them. The joyous, tan-skinned SISY brandishes his weapon so low, and with a smile so large, it almost seems friendly.
	“WHOA ME TOO!” SISY yells with passion. The beast grins even more, letting out more blood; by this time his mouth tendons have torn out of his cheeks, and are now up to his blinded eyes.
	“GOOD, NICE TO SEE GARBAGE LIKE YOU HAVE EVEN A SLIGHTLY-MANLY PASSION. MAYBE I’LL LET YOU LIVE AND YOU CAN BE MY ASS-SLAVE!” the beast says, seriously considering the idea because that’s obviously a super-manly thing to do. SISY laughs.
	“I DON’T THINK SO, YOU BASTARD! DEATH OF EITHER OF US IS THE ONLY PATH THIS WILL TAKE!... B-besides, I’m not gay,” The Great-Swordsman SISY proclaims. The beast shrugs.
	“YEAH WHATEVER. I PREFER SHOVING MY DICK INTO SOLID ROCK	 ANYWAY,” he replies with complete indifference. HTO, having been silent for a while now, only has an expression of shock on his face, completely terrified that anyone would even discuss such things.
	Mr. Honkers finishes adjusting his device, and calmly puts it in one of his side-pockets- he gets it now.
	“So, are y’done tellin’ us how stupid you are, or would ya’ like t’go on?” UDGD says, with a bored scowl, masking his fear. The great beast laughs, spewing forth gallons of blood.
	“I WOULD LIKE TO REMEMBER YOUR NAMES. YOU SEEM SLIGHTLY STRONGER THAN MY LAST OPPONENT, ONE I FOUGHT FOUR HUNDRED YEARS AGO,” the great beast man says as his flaming nipples explode with anticipation for the battle. UDGD sighs, and begins the required introduction.
	“They call me Ultra Death Graveman Death Death Death. I have three deaths in my name becau-”
	“WOW I DON’T EVEN WANT TO HEAR IT. WHAT ARE YOU, SEVEN? YOU EDGY LITTLE GURD,” the beast asks, using a racial-term spoken in this sub-space zone to offend those with skin darker than the average, middle-tanned body that SISY has. SISY grins at UDGD, wondering how he’ll take it. It is a shame for SISY and the beast then, that UDGD has never heard this word, and even if he did, probably wouldn’t get angry over it.
	“The fuck you say?” UDGD spits. The beast chews off his left pinky finger in chaotic excitement.
	“HOLY SHIT, YOU’RE TOO MUCH. YOU’RE A GURD. YOU HEAR THAT, GURDY?”
	“Yeah, cool guy confirmed. Shut up and fight us,” UDGD challenge. The great beast grins even wider, now reaching his forehead.
	“AS YOU WISH, WEAKLING, BUT FIRST, MY NAME.”
	“Yeah, fine.”
	“I AM THE ONE WHO ALL GODS TURN THEIR FACE FROM IN FEAR. I AM THE LEGENDARY SLAYER OF THE GREATEST OVERLORD, CHAOS, IN THE GREATEST BATTLE IN OMNIVERSE HISTORY. I AM THE LOVER OF A BILLION W- UM, MEN! I AM THE MANLIEST CREATURE IN EXISTENCE, THE HUMANITY OF ALL LIFE. THE ARBITER OF-”
	“Shit, your name, not your lullaby,” UDGD interrupts coldly. HTO chuckles and SISY laughs at the comeback. The great beast spews blood and fire from his nostrils.
	“I’LL BE SURE TO REND YOUR ANUS APART FIRST,” the beast says to UDGD, revealing that he was quite offended by the comment.
	A ridged grin forms across UDGD’s face as the creature inhales deeply to speak its name. The Graveman’s fear of facing this creature, supposedly the manliest being in existence, dissipates as he realizes that this creature has a huge, delicate ego; it is UDGD’s personal opinion that nothing about a man should be delicate unless he himself is dealing with things that are delicate and require care. This fight will be hard, of course, but UDGD feels an almost supernatural peace flow into him; he knows that with the four men around him, he can move any mountainous fool that sets itself against them. He realizes he was wrong before and that a man’s greatest strength does not always have to be his own, but the relationships that he owns. He remembers that he used to believe in that once, and now he feels that youthful spark in him again.
Just as the creature proclaims his great name, the blackened, angry heart of the Grim Executioner feels slightly less charred.
	“I AM CALLED ULTIMATE BADASS ULTIMATE MAN DEATH DOOM DESTRUCTION ULTIMATE ULTIMATE XTREME ULTIMATE XTREME FOREVER DEATH HELLFIRE DEATH DOOM DESOLATION ULTIMA: BLACK BLOOD GOD PUNCH DOOM REQUIEM! THERE’S SIX ULTIMATES BECAUSE I’M SIX TIMES GREATER THAN ANY OTHER BEING IN EXISTENCE!” the Greatest of Beast-men calls as he tears off his left arm to use as a weapon.

	ENGAGE!

	The Manliest (to be called “Ultimate” until further notice) throws down his arm-club, weighting at least a ton, down at the five in a blindingly-fast motion. The group disperses with the same speed, leaping to the sides; everyone except Mr. Honkers, who actually is still at the edge of the steps, just “chillin’ it real”. Ultimate advances with a devastating stomp at the group that split up to the left side, consisting of UDGD and IMRM. The two dodge with ease, and follow up to strike his leg. UDGD’s axe and IMRM’s scythe brashly smash into Ultimate’s calf, spewing out more blood and pure manliness. Ultimate laughs and draws back with his club, sweeping across to the duo as the other two attack from behind. IMRM, incredibly agile, dodges by leaping high into the air, UDGD on the other hand isn’t quite so fast. The arm club smashes him and sends him flying off of the fountain’s highest level, into the far-off wall of the dome-like room, and down about fifty feet into the lowest pool of the fountain.
	The Grim Axeman regains himself as a sharp, searing pain overcomes his senses. As his armor fills up with the testosterone, his body contorts in agony. Everything is in pain, as if it’s burning, but somehow growing and gaining value at the same time. His muscles feel infiltrated by this burning testosterone, as if it is seeping inside of him, attempting to make him as strong as his foe. He considers staying in and waiting, but realizes that at the moment, he actually cares about the lives of the other people fighting him.
	UDGD pulls himself out from the fountain, and hears anew the sounds of battle above. He shakes off the feeling of pain, and rushes up the steps again. Back at the top, he passes Honks, who is watching observantly with a confident grin.
	“Y’gonna’ help?” UDGD asks as he passes the Afroed Wonder. Mr. Honkers looks at UDGD like he’s an idiot.
	“No, I’m just going to sit here the whole time, you noob,” he says, using sarcasm, though UDGD takes it completely seriously.
	“Cool,” UDGD also says sarcastically, though Mr. Honkers understands it perfectly. All he does is chuckle condescendingly as UDGD rushes past and back into the fray.
	HTO is lying on the edge of the floor, blood welling out of his mouth, as IMRM and SISY continue the fight. UDGD rushes in with wide, adrenaline-infected eyes, readying a strike, as he joins the other two in tandem. Ultimate is now catastrophically-wounded, without an arm, blind, and with about twenty large lacerations, some obviously into major arteries. The three leap forward at The Beast’s left knee, throwing down their weapons with vicious strength. Ultimate, dazed from the shock and loss of blood, is too slow to stop them. Like lumberjacks downing a tree they hate more than anything, the three throw chopping motions into the leg again and again, cutting through the muscles, veins, and hamstring in only a few seconds. The leg comes off, and the three are drenched with a torrent of blood and fiery testosterone, igniting as it is exposed to air.
	SISY laughs with a liberated grin as he is splashed with the intense, burning pain. UDGD braces for the shock, and gets over the hurt more easily this time. IMRM just stays in stance, as if he wasn’t even covered.
	Ultimate tumbles onto his side as his departed leg falls with him.
	“HA, NOT EVEN SLIGHTLY IMPRESSIVE, AND I WAS LOOKING FORWARD TO A REAL FIGHT,” he says with just as much fervor and confidence as when he first spoke to them.
	“Bury this fucker!” UDGD says with grim judgment. SISY is thrilled to hear this, and wails his blade into Ultimate’s chest with UDGD, smashing, slashing, and slicing with increasing speed. IMRM waits a moment, wondering if these two men will spare this misguided fool, and then decides that they certainly won’t and that he might as well help them out. IMRM leaps over the enormous Ultimate to his neck and puts the blade of the scythe in where his brain-stem should be located. IMRM withdraws, and sheathes his scythe, as he has never met a single creature that could fight after having their body disconnected from their mind. IMRM walks around, and addresses the other two.
	“I’ve disconnected his brain. He should die very soon… unless you would like me to try and undo the process,” IMRM says calmly. UDGD stops, but SISY does not. The Graveman rests his axe on his shoulder and watches with IMRM as SISY tears through the ribcage and leans in to get the heart.
	“ALMOST THERE!” SISY yells with an unnerving mania as he tries to grasp the heart and tear it from Ultimate’s chest.
	“NOT EVEN CLOSE!” Ultimate yells with a grin as he punches SISY aside. IMRM jolts in shock, and redraws his scythe. UDGD looks over to IMRM, gives him a “what the hell?” look, and walks up to finish the job. Ultimate pushes back with his right arm, and falls back into the fountain pool.
	“The fuck?” UDGD spits out as he approaches the large pool. Only a few seconds pass as SISY returns to the upper pool, HTO begins to get up off the ground, and Ultimate rises again.
	“READY FOR ROUND TWO, MOTHAFUCKAAAAAS?!” Ultimate screams as his testosterone-coated body explodes in regenerative vitality. Suddenly, his body begins regrowing, except manlier. His missing left leg, his two eyes, the wounds around his mouth, his left arm, his various other injuries, all regenerate in the form of beefy arms.
	The Reader might ask at this point just why the Fountain of Testosterone regenerates injuries into the form of huge beefy arms.

	LECTURE-GAGE!

	To that, the author would remind the Reader that masters of testosterone can regenerate limbs and wounds using the stuff and shape them into the form of other limbs. Of course, if anyone becomes a master of testosterone, the only real thing they would want to have more of would be beefy arms... or maybe penises - that’s also a thing some manly dudes like having more of; though they’d obviously be less-good at killing things than beefy arms, well, I’m sure some other Narrators would disagree, but I really don’t see the appeal of killing someone by-.
	*Ehem*
	Right, sorry about that, Reader. You know well by now I have a tendency to go on a bit about things that really aren’t all that important to the story, but still nice to know. Do forgive me. Now then:

	The remade Master of Arms raises all of his manly fighting appendages, now numbering about fifteen, up to fight.
	“What the fuck. This guy’s wounds’re gone,” UDGD says with a loch-deep frown as he inspects all the angles Ultimate can now attack at.
	“YOU FUCKIN’ BET. YOU BITCHES READY TO GIVE UP AND DIE? IT’S BEEN A LONG TIME SINCE I’VE TASTED THE FLESH OF WEAKLINGS!” he yells with limitless ego. UDGD nods, as if he actually cares about what this guy has to say.
	“Not really. Hell’s stoppin’ us from jumping in the fountain too?”
	“ONLY YOURSELF. YOUR INTOLERANCE TO PAIN IS WHAT TRULY DEPARTS US. ALONG WITH OVER A THOUSAND YEARS OF TRAINING, AND HAVING THE LARGEST PENIS IN THE OMNIVERSE, AND BEING ABLE TO HAVE HALF OF MY BODY TORN OFF AND STILL BE IN FIGHTING SHAPE, AND BEING ABLE TO-”
	“Well that’s all damn cute. Yo, SISY.”
	“YEAH?!” the Swordsman Responds.
	 “Y’could totally jump in that fountain and kick his ass, right?”
	“I think that would not be an effective strategy,” IMRM says with his scythe poised at his foe’s arms.
	“Well, seein’ you know everythin’ why don’cha let us in on your little secret? Why won’t it work?” UDGD says, keeping a careful eye on Ultimate, who is standing stationary in the fountain; only humoring their conversation.
	“This creature we are fighting spent, from what I gather, at least a millennium inside the fountain to gain such control over the substance. I think SISY would not benefit from it soon enough for it to make a noticeable difference in his combat-based performa-”
	“Normal-person speak, please,” UDGD interrupts. HTO finally makes his way to the rest of the group.
	“It won’t make him strong enough quickly enough,” IMRM shortens.
	“Yeah, fine. So what should we d-”
	“WOW YAWN. DID ANYONE EVER TELL YOU YOUR VOICES ARE ABOUT AS EXCITING AS A BAG OF CAT DICKS?”
	“I’d say that certainly is a new one for us,” IMRM responds.
	“YEAH, WELL I’M PRETTY SICK OF YOU GUYS. FIGHTING’S ONLY FUN IF YOU MAKE YOUR OPPONENTS SUFFER. LET’S GET TO THAT PART,” Ultimate says, his patience now at zero, as he steps out of the fountain. IMRM turns to the others.
	“Split up, his attention will be divided if we attack at differ-”	
	“SILENCE!” Ultimate yells as he throws his seventh, thirteenth, and left fists at the party. Again the four leap, step, or roll out of the way, but this time they don’t enter groups of two, they just fight solo at each direction.
	HTO  has no time to look at the others, as the moment he gets out from the initial strike, a group of six fists reach down to smash him into a pulp. The Skilled Fencer dodges with more speed this time, as he can dodge the strikes more easily. They may be more in number, but their range is smaller. It only takes a few more seconds until he analyzes a pattern and goes on the offensive. Smart, almost psychic placement of his rapier causes Ultimate to impale his arms and fists into it again and again, almost raining blood on HTO and the ground around him. He continues on, striking and dodging just like his comrades, who are personifying unity and manliness. It does not take long before Ultimate realizes that he cannot mentally pay attention to four people surrounding him, because he doesn’t have enough eyes to do so.
	“LOOK AT YOU FUCKING CHILDREN, ACTING LIKE FOUR ON ONE IS EVEN FAIR. A TRUE MAN COULD DEFEAT ME ALL BY HIMSELF, EVEN THOUGH HE COULDN’T BECAUSE I’M THE BEST. I’LL SHOW YOU ALL JUST HOW MEANLINGLESS YOU ARE,” he proclaims as UDGD wails upon his right leg with his axe. Ultimate tears some holes in his body with his bare hands, and then leaps back into his pool.
	“Follow ‘em!” UDGD yells as he motions to the pool.
	“I feel that this wou-” IMRM halts his sentence as UDGD and SISY leap readily into the pool. HTO turns to IMRM.
	“Why not?”
	“Most humans are very poor at fighting in bodies of liquid, but it seems our hands are tied by our allies- so we might as well,” IMRM says as he turns to the pool and leaps in. HTO sighs, looks at the pool of pain, and decides he’ll wait- he hates water, so a liquid that hurts a person is even less enjoyable a concept.
	The inside of the pool is easier to see while inside the testosterone. It is like a large bowl, but with what looks like a grey, emaciated corpse at the bottom. IMRM and SISY make the observation that the current gets much stronger near the corpse, as if it were the source of the manliness liquid. UDGD and IMRM have little problem sinking down with their heavier armors, making it easy to re-engage Ultimate, who is poised over the corpse as if drinking its power.
	UDGD begins with a side-swoop to his foe’s neck, but is easily caught by Ultimate’s 24th fist. The mighty beast, who seems to be able to move in testosterone as easily as moving out of the stuff, barrages UDGD with a rabid group of beefy arms, only gaining beefiness as they brutalize themselves in the attack. The Axeman flies out of the pool (minus one axe) with several dents in his black armor, each like a permanent weight pressing into his body. SISY, seeing what happened, quickly pulls himself out and rushes over to UDGD.
	“HEY FRIEND, IT’S OKAY. FIGHTING LIKE THAT IS HARD ANYWAY,” SISY yells in UDGD’s face with intense excitement, as if his friend weren’t even in pain. UDGD groans, and coughs up a bit of blood.
	“Shut... up... you dumbass... where... is... my axe?”
	“Do you really want me to shut up, because then I couldn’t tell you where your a-”
	“Okay! Shit. Where?!”
	“You lost it when you got punched up. I gotta’ say, I’m pretty jealous of you that you got hurt so ba-”
	“Help me up, dammit!” UDGD interrupts, not finding SISY’s conversational nature in the middle of a fight appropriate or manly at all. With a swift tug of the arm administered by his comrade, UDGD flies back up to his feet and gains his balance. He shakes his head a moment, takes a breath, and turns back to SISY.
	“Where’s Ace?” UDGD asks. SISY does not answer, presuming that the deep sound of impacts underwater would answer the question. UDGD looks into the pool, and finds IMRM and Ultimate dashing about below, both moving at speeds much higher than that of a common swimmer. Seconds of the show down pass, and IMRM is successfully able to grasp the corpse at the bottom, and leaps out just in time to avoid Ultimate’s grasp. The tall enigma throws the corpse aside as it spews out testosterone from every orifice.
	“I suggest we destroy th-”
	“Smash it!”
	“Okay!”
	“ONLY NEED TO ASK!” UDGD commands the other two, who get to work on it. Ultimate pulls himself out with ten new eyes at various places to see his enemies dealing the few blows needed to finally slay his prisoner. The flow of testosterone from the corpse ends, and Ultimate roars in anger.
	“FUCK. FUCK YOU GUYS. DO YOU EVEN KNOW WHAT YOU’VE DONE?!” IMRM is the first to answer.
	“Deprived you of your source of self-regeneration, yes?” Ace answers, readying his scythe for what he hopes is the final engagement.
	“I KEPT HIM ALIVE TO DRINK HIS MANLINESS. NOW I’M LIMITED FOREVER! YOU DUMB FUCKS HAVE NO IDEA WHA-”
	“I think we have a pretty damn good idea what we did,” UDGD says with a bland showing of teeth, like some weird half-smile. Ultimate grips his jaw in grief and pulls out several teeth in grief.
	“BUT NOW NONE OTHER THAN I CAN BECOME A LORD OF TESTOSTERONE. I’LL BE THE FIRST AND THE LAST. AREN’T YOU AFRAID OF THAT?”
	“Not really, c’nsiderin’ we’ll be killin’ ya’,” Rick says to Ultimate.
	“WE’LL SEE, DICKFACE, WHO IS TRULY WORTHY OF THIS FOUNTAIN. BEHOLD, MY LOYAL MINIONS OF THE FACE-PUNCHING CULT! MINIOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONS, COME HITHER!” Ultimate calls out through the halls connecting to the fountain room. Seconds pass of his voice echoing throughout the underground complex, but there is no response.
	“... WHAT THE CUNT? HAVE THEY ALL ABANDONED ME?!”
	“Seems that way,” UDGD responds coolly and conversationally purposefully playing down his foe’s disappointment. Ultimate stomps his foot in anger, takes a deep breath, and returns with a grin.
	“DOESN’T FUCKIN’ MATTER. LET’S GO, WEAKLINGS!” Ultimate challenges,  keeping a close watch on all of them with his ten extra eyes. 
	RE-ENGAGE!
	Ultimate rushes forward at the warriors with his army of arms, throwing down rapidly to crush them.
	UDGD is generally too slow to keep up with dodging, so he directly combats half of the fists while dodging the other bunch. His axe flies and rotates with a speed to keep his grip and still send the blade into the assaulting arms. The number and speed prove too much, however, and he makes a vital mistake. UDGD loses his focus in the dodging, and is punched at opposing angles by two meaty, manly fists. His armor plating is flattened even more, forcing a bolt of bile to be shot out from his gut. The Axeman is then smashed around onto the floor, and flung aside onto the solid walkway at a lower level of the fountain.
	Phillip fights valiantly, if seen as a bit cowardly by the others. He continuously and consciously dodges while smartly placing his rapier at where he guesses Ultimate will attack next. Again and again he makes successful calls, and he almost put under the impression that he could kill Ultimate by himself, but the arms freed by UDGD’s defeat stretch around and overwhelm him in the next moment. A volley of fists from all directions sweep, hook, and thrust forward, smashing HTO into one of the pillars surrounding the fountain’s pedestal, knocking him unconscious... again.
	SISY and IMRM continue on the fight which has just doubled in difficulty for both of them; one fighting with a seemingly limitless mania, and the other with cold precision. The Insane Swordsman has long-since gotten into a rhythm for attacking, and this rhythm only increases in speed as the extra arms come to tear him down like his other two comrades. Like meat to a butcher, SISY obliterates limb after limb with furiously strong, well-aimed strikes, taking the brunt of most of the punches while being perceptive and quick enough to dodge the large, multi-fisted strikes that would send him flying. IMRM on the other side holds just as well, if not better. Each move is perfectly articulated and comprehended, his scythe moving in violent unison with his body. He disables arm after arm to the point that he is attacked solely by failing, broken, bloody appendages. Ultimate roars in anger, being bested a second time.
	“YOU LAUGHABLE FUCKERS THINK YOU’RE SOMETHING, EH? WELL LET’S SEE IF YOU CAN KILL ME WHEN I’M ACTUALLY TRYING!” Ultimate yells, forcing his manly testosterone power to its limit.
	IMRM and SISY are instantly forced back by a monumental pressure, like the universe itself attempting to punch them really, really slowly. Ultimate yells like a madman, pushing his power to its very peak and bursts into an intense white flame. The Subspace Orchestra bursts into a dark crescendo, complete with dueling guitars wailing in admiration for Ultimate’s great manliness.
	“YOU’LL NEVER DEFEAT ME! I AM MANLINESS! I AM THE ESSENCE OF THE FIST!” Ultimate cries out, shaking the entirety of the room as he melts and melds.
	SISY laughs gleefully.
	“READY TO FINISH THE FIGHT, BROTHER?!” SISY yells out to IMRM as he displays his violent array of teeth.
	“I’m ready, let’s do it,” IMRM affirms as he pulls back his scythe to show his preparedness.
	Ultimate’s body melts and hardens back into the form of a single enormous, hovering, burning fist, giving the finger to the two warriors. The giant fist known as Ultimate ascends into the air, and clenches itself with limitless manliness, causing an intense explosion from out of the palm.
	“DO YOU REALLY THINK YOU COULD DEFEAT THE LEADER OF THE FACE-PUNCHING KINGDOM? THE FACE OF THE WORLD IS RIGHTFULLY OURS TO PUNCH AS WE PLEASE. YOU WILL NEVER-”
	“Hey,” UDGD interrupts, helping HTO up the stairs by the shoulder. The great fist hovers resiliently.
	“YES?”
	“I’m sick and tired of you face-punching bastards. It’s time I-... we put you down. We’re going to kill you,” UDGD corrects, steadily realizing how much he needs these other men for his survival. The giant fist hovering over the 5 men laughs.
	“HA HA! I’VE NEVER SEEN A WEAKLING QUITE AS CONFIDANT AS YOU! YET IT MATTERS NOT. IT IS NOTHING WITHOUT MANLY POWER! COME FORWARD AND DIE,” Ultimate challenges, sealing the words for the final exchange of strikes. UDGD and HTO reassert their fighting stances, and rush forward with IMRM and SISY. The force of four leap at the mighty fist, just as he slams down at them. The immense exchange of force between the weapons and the fist causes an intense explosion of blood and fire, as Ultimate receives multiple wounds and his opponents soar into the back wall. IMRM is fast enough to grasp UDGD and HTO to reduce their impact, while SISY slams his face into it, breaking his nose and smashing a couple teeth – as usual, his smile only widens upon being hurt. As the group falls, Ultimate spares no time to hurl his fist-like form at them to crush them all between the wall. IMRM and SISY catches on quickly and hold their weapons opposite to the wall. Ultimate smashes himself into the group, impaling himself to the bone with SISY’s greatsword and IMRM’s double-edge scythe. UDGD throws his axe into the hand, and climbs on with focused speed and poise as HTO, held in place by IMRM who is in turn held in place by his weapon impaled into Ultimate, rapidly jabs his blade into Ultimate’s blazing body, paying little mind to the intense heat. Ultimate roars in pain and flies up to the ceiling to crush UDGD, who is now at the back of his hand. Picking up on IMRM’s and SISY’s movement, UDGD mimicks them and holds his axe’s shaft opposite to the ceiling. Ultimate smashes it into himself as he hits the ceiling with reckless speed. He forced a bit farther this time, though, smashing in UDGD’s breastplate and causing him to spew up blood. The mortal fluid of both opponents paint the wall, one a pinkish color that catches fire the moment it touches air, and the other a deep, human crimson. The frenzied Ultimate turns around and flies downward, poised to finish off the Grim Axemen.
	IMRM by this point has already carried the two others below their position, and is now leaping upward, drawing back his scythe in a cold, perfectly calm motion. IMRM clashes his weight with Ultimate as his throws his scythe across the hand’s body, causing another hydrant of blood to spew forth. In the second moment as IMRM and UDGD are flung down by the intense weight, IMRM grasps the axeman and pushes him out of the way as Ultimate smashes down the back of his hand, driving the axe in even further. SISY and HTO re-engage their foe, mutilating him for the final time. Ultimate screams, cries, and throws profanities with every breath as he forces his fist down into IMRM, in the hopes that he could kill even one of them.
	Without his axe, The Tomb Lord, UDGD can only watch as his team mates finish off their greatest foe. He feels humiliated for not being able to help, but also, strangely honored to be in the presence of people that actually care about his well-being. Ultimate yells “FUCK” one last time, before SISY joyfully tears through the flesh to the heart inside the hand, tears it out, and then smashes the heart half as large as himself with a vicious, gleeful stomp. Ultimate screams as his body explodes, and the Subspace Orchestra finishes their Xtreme wailing with a momentous applause, cheering, and the drummer yelling:

	“VICTORY”
 


	CHAPTER TWENTY NINE: WIPING THE BLOOD OFF
	IMRM stands up from the charred skeleton, his cloak burnt off from the heat. IMRM’s wounds, the worst of which being the enormous cleaving to his side, is revealed to the others, though they’re more occupied with other things to notice. The group catches their breath, SISY and HTO smiling at each other, speaking with their expressions before their words.
	“HELL YEAH!” HTO cheers after he gets a good enough breath. SISY laughs heartily.
	“THAT WAS SO AMAZING. YOU’RE A REALLY GOOD SWORDSMAN, FRIEND!” SISY responds with equal volume as he throws his sword aside and embraces HTO in a way he finds all too intimate for his tastes.
	“Eh... uh, yeah. We did it,” he responds with notably-less excitement. SISY nods with his grin, wide as ever, and turns to IMRM to complement him as well, but notices his half-destroyed condition along with the others as he emerges. HTO’s expression widens in fear as he looks over IMRM.
	His tall, slender black figure is rather like the outline of a man, but faceless, like he were wearing a full helmet; wrecked from the various times he has been smashed in the face along their journey. His left hand is the only part of his body armor colored in any way, with a yellow ring and the numbers AD-01 printed around the forearm. Hooked around his back is what seems to be a metal sheath of some sort. UDGD would mentally rate his manly appearance, but is interrupted by Phillip freaking out like a baby sissy.
	“Ace? Ace! A-are you...”
	“Don’t worry, Phillip, I am quite alright,” IMRM says, interjecting into HT’s sentence. Phillip looks over to UDGD, who is as surprised as he is that IMRM is still alive, and looks over to Mr. Honkers, who seems rather pleased for some reason. Phillip presumes that if Honks isn’t afraid of IMRM’s wounds, then neither should he; he apparently knows him the best after all. That aside, HTO has to admit the O.E.L. employs some seriously badass dudes for Ace to shake off being opened up like a can like that.
	SISY laughs and releases HTO to embrace IMRM instead.
	“AMAZING! NOT EVEN I CAN BE OPENED UP LIKE THAT WITHOUT EVEN SHOWING SOME KIND OF WEAKNESS! YOU’RE AWESOME!” SISY exclaims with even more excitement.
	“Thank you. You’re pretty awesome yourself,” IMRM replies, doing his best to be polite in such a strange situation. SISY gives the half-destroyed one a final squeeze, and turns to do the same to UDGD.
	“No. Hell no,” UDGD says as he shoves off SISY.
	“OH, COME ON, FRIEND! WE DID IT! WE KILLED THE STRONGEST PERSON ALIVE!”
	“Oh? And who might that be?” a voice questions from across the room, all the way down the steps, and in the entryway.
	The Subspace Orchestra’s string players, tired from all of the intense battle, gets back to their playing positions and begins an unnerving, refined cello piece.
	All five of the men turn and look down to spot a blacker-than-pitch figure, tall, grinning, and staring at them with wide, glowing eyes. His profile is angular, mighty, and with his face, intelligent looking. At the top of his head are two peculiar, blade-like antennae, horn, rabbit ear-like things. In his hand is a sword that looks as cruel and strong as its owner, drenched in the blood of over a hundred beast-men. While the other three reflexively, foolishly prepare their weapons, Mr. Honker’s initially-calm expression flashes into one of heart stopping, bowel-voiding fear, and IMRM prepares for an attempt at peace. Honk’s greatest fear has come to fruition; the reading he picked up wasn’t incorrect. The man, or perhaps better-stated the thing, standing below them is High Overlord Chaos, the #1 wanted being in all the Omniverse with a bounty on his head large enough to buy one his or her own dimension and then-some, along with the reward of being regarded as the strongest, greatest, most honored person alive. UDGD watches him closely, waiting to judge just how manly he is- he’s not ready.
	Mr. Honkers flicks a switch, pushes some buttons, and begins charging his device. As it charges, his expression relaxes as he continues pressing buttons to prepare the program.
	“Th’ hell’re you?” UDGD asks, guessing he’s one of Ultimate’s minions. Chaos’ grin widens.
	“Who am I? Why, that is a marvelous question. You must understand I forget at times, so currently I am not so sure who I am. I am certain, however, that I need something over where you all are standing,” he replies with perfect politeness, his voice reverberating through the men’s very souls. UDGD scoffs.
	“Yeah? Well scra--”
	“Rick,” IMRM interrupts. UDGD looks over to IMRM.
	“What?”
	“This man is Chaos, the Overlord you’ve heard about.”
	Chaos’ expression brightens up in realization, and UDGD’s intensifies.
	“Oh, there we are. I repose I am Chaos; how thrilling,” he says, mistaking the word “suppose” for “repose”. Along with being a legendary Overlord-Tyrant, Chaos is also well-known for having horrible memory problems- including the mistaking of similar-sounding words.
Upon hearing the identity of who is below them, HTO begins quivering in grief and fear. UDGD stares Chaos down a moment, and was about to tell him something pretty nasty and impolite, when IMRM decides to take charge to ensure the survival of the group.
	“Hello, Chaos,” IMRM responds, calm as a breeze.
	“Ahh, hello there. You have a fairly strange life-signature coming from you; you would not be one of those complex golems the O.E.-”
	“I do not mean to be rude, but I would appreciate it if we could stay on topic, Mr. Chaos,” IMRM interrupts, proving to be the first person that has interrupted him in many years. Chaos squints his left eye a bit.
	“Topic? Oh? What was this topic?”
	“The ‘thing’ you wanted?”
	“Hmm? Oh yes. The corpse of the ancient hero Qelled, his body exudes limitless stores of some peculiar ‘manliness fluid’ that drives one completely insane upon bathing in it for too long. Many centuries ago I had intended to use the body to make a hot spring next to one of my Overlord towers, but Yebby here stole it back after I had rightfully won it in a game of chess.”
	“Yebby?” UDGD questions.
	“Oh, the large beast man you killed. His name is Yebby Waddlesworth. A very comical, rather rude lad, if I remember correctly,” Chaos says as he begins to make his way up the steps at a casual pace. SISY is the only one that laughs at how dumb Ultimate’s real name is, as the others are far too afraid of the danger at hand to take humor in the discovery.
	“... Is that all you want?” IMRM asks.
	“Yes, indeed it is,” Chaos says with a nod.
	“I’m curious, how did you find us?”
	“By a fine stroke of luck, really. I was just jumping around subspace  looking for adventure and found Torment. I gave him a proper beating on account of being a pretender to my authority, a serious weakling, if you will, and afterwards I interrogated him to find out how he escaped his death prison. He told me it was a group of creatures matching your descriptions, and that one of them seemed to be one of the O.E.L.. I very much dislike the O.E.L., mind you, so I decided I would follow you five along just for the fun of it, and lo and behold, look where it led me. Is life not a grand thing, leading us all on such unexpected adventures so long as we throw our caution to the wind?” Chaos explains and asks with a charisma that, if the rest were not so preoccupied with survival, would find very appealing. It becomes apparent to the group that the reason no minions came to Ultimate’s aid was because they had met Chaos on the way.
	“There are no O.E.L. operatives here. However you are free to take the body as you please,” IMRM lies with a polite bow. Chaos bows in turn.
	“Well, I repose I will have to take your word for it. Thank you,” Chaos says with a nod of the head. UDGD steps over to IMRM, and leans in to whisper.
	“Hell no he can’t take the body, what if we c’n make it work again?” UDGD asserts, not about to let an inter-dimensional traveler take what he’s spent so much blood to achieve. Chaos’ antennae twitch in recognition of UDGD’s words; he can hear him perfectly well, even though they’re so far apart.
	“Defying his expressed will would prove to be a highly detrimental strategy towards the survival of the-”
	“Common language,” UDGD cuts.
	“He would kill us. I presume that you do not know enough about Chaos to understand how precarious this situation is for u-”
	“Common.”
	“Dangerous. He’s incredibly dangerous and could murder all five of us easily.”
	“Seems t’me he thinks were his friends or somethin’. We could get the jump.”
	“Very few people in recorded history have ever received a stealth-based advantage against-” IMRM’s cut off with a sigh from UDGD. “Pardon, he’s incredibly aware of his surroundings. Only a few people have ‘gotten the jump’ on him,” IMRM clarifies.
	“Then I’ll be the next.”
	“I would advise against that. The people who have are a hundred times faster and stronger than you; and that is no exaggeration. Please remember, it’s not just your life on the line, Mr. Rick.” UDGD does not answer IMRM, as Chaos has gotten close enough for him to presume that it’s too dangerous to whisper- Chaos has, however, heard the entire conversation with perfect clarity.
	The High Overlord reaches the top of the steps and smiles to everyone right as Mr. Honkers stops his frantic button pressing and off-handedly points the tip of the device towards the Overlord’s general direction. Chaos steps up to the destroyed body of the ancient hero, and hums.
	“Well, looks like Yebby did not take very good care of the corpse. Seems as though his mana-core was cut through by something. Well, no matter,” Chaos says as kneels down over the body and places a dark hand of his on the corpse’s wound. The blacker-than-pitch Chaos begins speaking in some arcane dialect, speaking words that none of the group understand. As Chaos looks down over the corpse, UDGD gets an idea. UDGD looks over to SISY, HTO, and IMRM, and signal with his eyes to approach. SISY grins in immediate agreement, HTO takes a breath and nods, and IMRM pauses only a moment before deciding that, even if what they are doing is stupid, they should be stupid together if they are to have any chance.
	“ ‘Ey,” UDGD addresses Chaos, The Slayer of Kingdoms.
	“Yes?” Chaos stops his incantation for the sake of being polite.
	“Mind if w’take a closer look?” UDGD asks with his usual, bitter tone of voice.
	“Oh, not in the slightest! Go right ahead,” Chaos says, rather happy that this man here is taking such an interest in the finer arcane arts. Chaos restarts his incantation from the beginning, and the four step over to him and draw their weapons as quietly as they can. As Chaos is preoccupied, UDGD silently poises the blade of his axe over his neck. SISY follows suit and does the same. HTO prepares to thrust straight into his back. Finally, IMRM positions the blade of his scythe right over the Overlord’s skull. Mr. Honkers sighs, rather amazed how his team mates could get in on such a stupid plan, though thinking on it he really isn’t all that surprised they would try something like this.
	A few seconds pass as Chaos finishes the incantation, and the fountain of testosterone, bound in the corpse of the old hero, wells up again. Chaos grins.
	“Ahh, excellent. It seems my hot-tub has hope for it yet!” The Overlord says with a resplendently-sharp grin. UDGD raises his axe in preparation.
	“Good t’know, you’ll need more than that in a sec’, though,” UDGD says as his allies draw back to decimate their apparently-strong foe. Chaos’ antennae perk up a bit.
	“Oh? Like what?”
	“A coffin,” UDGD says as he, along with the others throw their weapons down.

	ENGAGE!

	All four of their weapons strike Chaos precisely where they are aimed, and each warrior is met with the unpleasant, bone-hallowing feeling of striking a man made of unearthly metal. Not a single one of them wounded him. Chaos laughs, expecting such, and stands up.

	... UNENGAGE?

	“I would have reposed meatbags like you could not appreciate it when I decided I would spare you. It seems yet again I placed just a bit too much faith in the human race’s ability to use intelligence,” Chaos says with a deep, refined voice. The entire group is silent as Chaos takes his sword, and shoves it down his throat in a way that HTO finds completely unnerving. “To be perfectly honest, I was really hoping you would try to kill me. All of those beastfolk that came rushing at me a few minutes ago did not quite give me my fill of fighting for the day. I will give you all a moment to prepare, and then I will come to kill you- with my fists, I think, sword-fighting does get old after a while,” Chaos expresses as he steps away from the group of five, pulls a thermos out of his mouth along with a tea cup, and pours himself a few sips worth.
UDGD turns to the others with a look of regret on his face.
“I... Damn I’m-”
“It’s okay, Graveman. I wouldn’t have backed down either,” HTO says with a mild smirk. SISY nods.
“Yeah, friend. It’s been... I wouldn’t rather die any other way than with you all,” SISY says scratching his chin, a little embarrassed to admit something like that. IMRM just turns his head to Mr. Honkers, who nods, and steps forward.
“Yo, scrub-dweeb,” Honks says, crossing his arms. Chaos grins.
“I certainly hope you are not referring to m-”
“You bet I am, nerd-butt,” he interrupts, afro defiantly firm. Chaos laughs.
“I presume by this you want me to go ahead and kill you all?”
“Noob, don’t you know who I am?”
“Hmm, I cannot say I do. You would not happen to be Royal Knight Order, would you? It has been awhile since I have seen her, so-... Oh wait, she is a female, my apologies, little man,” Chaos says with as joyous an expression as when he told them he would kill them all.
“Pffft! My name is Mr. Honkers! The smartest man alive!” Honks presents with a boldness even more audacious than his usual. HTO and SISY can’t help but snicker. Chaos strokes his abyssal chin in thought.
“Oh, are you?” Chaos rubs his edged chin.
 “Yeah obvs, why else would the O.E.L. hire my d- uh, me to do research in the countermeasures committee at the lowest level of the science institute? Lowest means most-important, by the way. I hope you’re ready to taste the full force of the O.E.L.’s combined scientific research for the past two decades!” Honks threatens as he brandishes the remote, twirling it in his hand with surprising dexterity. Chaos laughs, glowing jaws set wide with what seems to be limitless confidence.
“You are O.E.L., then? My my, I am afraid I absolutely must kill you then,” he says in a tone that chills even UDGD’s hardened bones. Mr. Honkers scoffs, as if he were looking at a kitten that had just tripped in an adorable manner.
“That’s right! I’m of the Omniverse Expeditionary Librarium, and you’re about to regret dealing with me, their #1 operator!” he threatens and boasts with a powerful swaying of his afro. Chaos raises his fists. A relaxed calmness The Overlord as he speaks again.
“So be it. Fight me with all you have. I will give you all the grace of thirty seconds to prepare yourselves, surrender, commit suicide, or run, quite up to you, though death will be the outcome of each decision,” He Who Destroys Castles with His Bare Fists explains to the five.
UDGD solemnly, wearily prepares his grip on his axe, hoping that everything he heard about Chaos proves to be simply exaggerated rumors. SISY gladly raises his sword, ready for another fight. IMRM, wounds unbleeding, goes into stand with his scythe. Honks, with a completely confident expression simply points the small device towards Chaos as his thumb brushes a button on the device in anticipation. HTO’s legs are visibly shaking from weakness and fear, and seriously contemplates betraying the others and telling Chaos that he’s not with them. He decides, instead, to fight with his allies in what should be their glorious final battle.
	The thirty seconds pass, and Chaos nods.
	“The time has come, what might your decision be?” he asks politely. The group spares a quick glance at each other, and then back at Chaos.
	“We’re going to kick your ass, ya’dweeb,” Mr. Honkers says with a wry grin. The Lord of Swordsmanship shrugs.
	“So be it. Tell your designated Death I said ‘hi’,” Chaos says, referring to the multiple Grim Reapers that harbor souls to various afterlives under the watchful eye of the Mysterious Death Committee. Chaos rushes forward, arms poised to punch them into oblivion.

	 
	CHAPTER THIRTY:  XTREME MANLY MAN FORCE OF INTENSE PHILOSOPHY (AKA: TACTICAL RETREAT)
	Chaos soars at them, expecting only two or three punches required to kill all five of them.

	ENGAGE!

	Mr. Honkers quickly presses the trigger button for his device, and Chaos disappears into thin air.

	VICTORY!

	As the others pause in disbelief, Honks spins the small device around in his hand and then blows off the top, as if it were a smoking gun; he then  makes his way down the steps, towards the exit. UDGD pauses for a second more, his brow twitching in confusion, and then speaks.
	“What the hell?” UDGD stares dumbfoundedly. Mr. Honkers huffs condescendingly, with the most annoying smile UDGD’s ever seen on a person’s face.
	“Oh, Ultra Dweeb Scrubman Dweeb Dweeb Dweeb, when will you learn that I always have the situation under control. Not even the mighty Chaos could stand to the O.E.L.’s most recent advancement in technology: dimensional-law denial,” Honks says with a shrug as he laxly motions to IMRM to pick up the body of the ancient hero.
	“Yeah? An’ what’s that?” UDGD asks, steeling himself for the nigh-unbearable monologue that is guaranteed to ensue.
	“Ha! Yeah, well it’s pretty complicated, and I’m not sure if a noob like you could handle all the super-complex brain-destroying algor--” Mr. Honkers stops his planned twenty minute lecture on magi-tech when Chaos punches his fist out of the fabric of reality, quickly accompanied by the caught-off-guard Subspace Orchestra, doing their best to churn out a terrifying cello segment to even slightly portray the fear the five are feeling at this moment. Chaos pushes his other arm out of the universe’s wound, and pulls it wide enough for him to step out.
	“Did you really think I could be manipulated by such a laughable trinket?” Chaos says with a relaxed, glowing grin and intense, cruel eyes.
	“Run,” Honks says with a bluntness the others have never heard him speak with until now. IMRM, with the body of the hero over his shoulder, starts down the steps with Honks, followed by the others, save SISY. Three of them turn around to get him; the Reader can likely guess with ones. UDGD grasps his comrade, and does his best to pull him away from the top pedestal as Chaos gracefully exits the portal and lands without a sound. He stands and waits patiently to see what they do. Though he said he would kill them, he would rather take things slow, and enjoy it- their faces make it worthwhile.
	“Come on, you asshole! You can’t beat ‘em!” UDGD yells in his face as HTO and himself do their best to move the large warrior and his sword. SISY is, as usual in the face of an intense fight, grinning.	
	“SORRY, FRIENDS. BUT I CAN’T SAY NO TO A FIGHT THIS XTREME!”
	“You’ll be Xtremely dead if you don’t come with us, Swordsman! It’s suicide!” HTO exclaims as he goes to SISY’s front to push as UDGD pulls from behind.
	“I KNOW! THAT’S WHY I WANT TO DO IT!” SISY says with sweaty, manly enthusiasm. HTO rolls his eyes, groans, and lets up.
	“Fine! Enjoy!” he says, valuing SISY, but not enough to die with him meaninglessly. HTO rushes down the steps. UDGD stays with IMRM.
	“Ace, Ace!” UDGD exclaims with bitter anger. IMRM stands calmly.
	“Yes?”
	“Help me!” the Axe-warrior stresses, pulling with all his might. IMRM nods.
	“Very well, you may stop pulling and be on your way out, Mr. Rick,” the tall, torn enigma says. UDGD spares one glance at IMRM, and then rushes down the steps. Ace walks up and looks SISY in the face, turning his back from Chaos.
	“Mr. Swordsman.” IMRM leans in.
	“YEAH?”
	“I would request you to go along with the others and escape.”
	“SORRY, FRIEND A TRUE WARRIOR OF CRIMLAND COULD NEVER TURN DOWN A FIGHT THIS HARD! ‘IMPOSSIBLE ODDS FOR BREAKFAST!’ THAT’S WHAT MOTHER ALWAYS TOLD ME!” SISY exclaims with a 100% pumped grin, perfectly satisfied with his reasoning.
	“Very well. I request that you stop, for this moment, being a true warrior of Crimland, and instead help the others escape. It is what you are most needed to do at this time.”
	“I KNOW, FRIEND, BUT BATTLE IS THE GREATEST HONOR A-”
	“I disagree, Swordsman,” IMRM says simply. SISY’s grin flinches a moment; he knows he’s about to be shot down.
	“... WHAT DO YOU MEAN?”
	“What I mean is that one would only be honored should they do something worth honoring. Chaos has fought in many battles, but all of them were for himself. He may be very well known, but would you say he is honored by others?” IMRM asks. Chaos scoffs very lightly, hearing himself used as an example. SISY pauses a moment, and then answers.
	“... No, probably not.”
	“That said, you can be honored among your friends, your allies, by helping where you are needed, rather than selfishly throwing yourself at an enemy simply for the thrill of fighting. You do want to be honored, yes?” IMRM explains and asks. SISY sighs, and nods.
	“I do.”
	“So, can you join in the escape?”
	“Yes... But, but who will hold Chaos back?”
	“Leave that to me. You know well I am the best suited for this job, and you must do yours. Will you help me, my friend?” IMRM asks. SISY says nothing for several seconds and then his face brightens back up like a spark.
	“YOU GOT IT! I WON’T FAIL YOU!” SISY exclaims with a renewed grin and manly strength.
	“Thank you, Swordsman,” the tall, dark one says to the tan-skinned broadswordsman. SISY wipes what might be a tear from his eye.
	“NO PROBLEM, AND THE NAME’S LAIVOK!” SISY says as he turns and rushes off to leave IMRM alone with the King of War.
	IMRM, had he a mouth, would smile now that he knows the names of each and every one of the fine men he holds company with.
	“Oh, how very heart warming,” Chaos says with a wry, badass smile as IMRM turns to him, “now, are you ready to ‘hold me back?’ I can promise you it will be even harder than you have ever imagined a task could be.”
	IMRM’s not about to let all of this go to waste.
	“Mr. Chaos,” IMRM addresses calmly.
	“Call me Overlord, please,” the imposing, anatomically-perfect figure requests.
	“Overlord Chaos.”
	“Yes?”
	“I would request of you that you let us all go in peace. We don’t want to fight you.”
	“Of course, and the problem here is that I do want to fight you; quite the impasse, really.”
	“I would request for your mercy, that you would let us go, please.”
	“Mercy? I cannot say I know where I left my last batch, but I will be sure to-... Oh. Yes, I cannot do that for you either,” he says, forgetting momentarily just what mercy is. “Tell me, are you quite ready to-” Chaos halts his speech as Ace falls to his knees and bows.
	“Why not? These people are good. Humans are inherently worth sparing, because they are good. Life is precious, Overlord Chaos,” IMRM says with more passion than he has ever used in his voice.
	“You want me, to spare humans, because they are ‘good?’ ”
	“Yes,” IMRM pleads, face-plate touching the ground. Chaos pauses a moment, and then laughs with honest humor.
	“Oh, oh my. Those O.E.L. fools certainly know how to make their minions!”
	“What do you mean?”
	“Humans, good? Ha! If humans were inherently good, then tell me, why do they kill each other? If they truly had command over history like your O.E.L. books say they did, why do we still have wars?”
	“Because of Overlords like you,” IMRM states honestly, ushering yet another laugh from the Overlord.
	“Overlords? You do not quite seem to understand. War is something that cannot exist when people are too oppressed to do anything about it. Overlords have saved far more lives than taken. If there were no one pushing swords down onto weaklings, the weaklings would become prideful, and think themselves kings,” Chaos annunciates, moving his hand about animatedly as if to help explain his point somehow.
	“No, technolo-”
	“Your precious science will only create more tools for humans to obliterate each other with. Look at yourself, you will be one of the worst.” IMRM begins trembling after hearing this.
	“N-No! I was made to help, to aid, to create!”
	“And destroy, should your human masters request such of you… Becoming a bit shaken, are we?” Chaos says, squinting at IMRM with a grin.
	“No. You’re wrong. That’s-”
	“Perfectly correct. Tell me, how many times did one of your beloved comrades ask you to heal someone with that left arm of yours? How many times did they ask you to resolve their foolish, hilarious disputes? How many times did you have to save one of them from the other?”
	“H-how did you kn-”
	“I guessed. When human-like creatures are in the equation, Evil and Death love to follow along to say hello,” the Light-Absorbing Lord says with a wide, terrifyingly-sharp grin. IMRM is silent. “Oh? Could it be that I am getting through to you? Rather surprised the O.E.L. would allow one of their mindless creatures to have even a bit of a mind. Do you realize, then, that humans are not good by nature, but evil? Do you realize that you will be ordered to kill, far more than to help; to make war, far more than peace? Evil did not always exist in our world, but whatever made humans also made the capacity for evil in the Omniverse. You silly machine, evil is not just something that pops up in a person’s head after being exposed to certain ideas or conditions in life. From the moment the very first sentient being even slightly resembling a human drew its slow, disgusting breath, so did evil. Humans and evil, they are all the same, and you and I are both a product of this.”
	“I... You’re... You’re wrong!”
	“Am I? Humans made the need to be oppressed to keep them in check. For that reason I rose out from the darkness and began killing them. Humans then had the need for protection, and made you; not that you are anywhere near my equal, or anything. Is my logic really so wrong? Trust me on this; should you, by some miracle, survive today, you will see that the problem of humans cannot be solved, unless they are to die. You may try your hardest to find peace somewhere in-between the blades of their swords, but there is only enough room for hatred, fear, and ignorance. What do you have to say to that?”
	“...No, I know you’re wrong.”
	“Hmm?”
	“You’re wrong because I exist. I am the expression of the good in humans; that is my purpose! I will prove you wrong, for all to see. Humans may be foolish by themselves, but I’m here, science is here, technology is here. They made me to help them, perhaps even to stop them. I don’t know yet, but I promise you, I’m going to fix the problem. As you said, those four humans would have killed each other if it weren’t for me, but now they are... friends. I’m one of their friends too.”
	“So you kept them from killing each other? Would that not make you as controlling as an Overlord?”
	“There is such thing as good control.”
	“... I suppose you are correct there, machine.”
	“Whatever happens, they’ll live, and I’ll change reality, the status quo. Anything that moves and speaks has that power, but they choose not to because they’re afraid; I’m not like them, and I’m not like you. So don’t give me your regressive lecture about people needing to be owned, rather than led, because honestly, I don’t give a single fuck about what an inferior creature like you would think,” IMRM says, throwing down the gauntlet. Chaos stares a moment with his persistent smile, and nods.
	“Very cute, machine. Honestly though, I am tiring of our talk and your unlearned views. I think it is about time I cut off the head start and began going for those ‘friends’ of yours,” the Dark Lord says as he raises his fists; it’s terrifying to see Chaos preparing to kill things, one would feel an ant would have a better chance against the underside of a man’s boot.
	“Not before you get through me,” IMRM says as he raises his scythe. Chaos scoffs.
	“Very well. I wonder just how superior you are in comparison to me.”
	On that, the two walk towards one-another, ready to prove the other wrong.
 

	CHAPTER THIRTY ONE: WHAT ARE YOU DOING?! ONLY COWARDS RUN!
	UDGD, HTO, Mr. Honkers, and SISY run through the long hall of the ancient base, rushing through the already-triggered traps and stairs carelessly. They escape out into the open day, and rush towards the harnesses. After only a minute or two more, they find the harnesses precisely where they had left them, the Smashland flying fortress looming directly overhead. It is at this moment that they are gripped by a manly, grim ultimatum. Would they leave IMRM behind, or leave?
	Mr. Honkers promptly attaches his harness and pulls, sending him straight up. The other three look at one another.
	“Should we... leave him?” HTO says, asking the obvious question. UDGD is quiet, but SISY is very opinionated on the matter.
	“HELL NO WE DON’T LEAVE HIM! WE NEED TO GO BACK AND-”
	“Swordsman, he distracted that guy so that we could escape. Don’t waste the opportunity he’s given us,” HTO says, hating to do it, but not wanting to die even more. What a sissy. SISY pauses, looks over to the ruins, wishing Ace would appear any moment with Chaos’ head on a pointy stick, and turns back to Phillip.
	“No, we can use those cannons on the airship to help us. Just wait for Chaos and fire him down when he comes!” SISY says, notably less pumped. HTO is about to shoot him down, but UDGD speaks up first.
	“That might work. Let’s get up there, keep Honks from leaving without him, and get those cannons on the ruins,” he says as he readies his harness. HTO hates the idea of even being half a mile away from Chaos while flying in the air on a fortress, but decides not to argue, and prepares the harness with the other two. They all tug at their cords, and they are rapidly raised into the air, and then into the fortress. They get there in time to see Mr. Honkers awkwardly falling out of his harness.
	“Argh! Glad to see you scrubs decided to join me. Right, Navigation-scrub?” Honks says as he stands up and brushes off his interesting choice of what looks like purple scientist attire. The air-fortress’ navigator, Hokair, presumes that Honks is talking to him.
	“Uh, well yes?” he answers as he moves to help the other three out of their harnesses.
	“Full speed to the nearest space ga-”
	“Hold up,” UDGD interrupts with an air of Xtreme authority. Hokair gives UDGD his attention, preferring him a good deal to Honks.
	“Yes?”
	“We ain’t goin’ nowhere till we’ve shot down that asshole. Aim all the cannon’s ya’ can towards that opening down there.”
	“The one you all went into?”
	“Yeah.”
	“Got it!” Hokair says with a jaunty, non-manly salute. As Hokair ruses off, a very furious Mr. Honkers turns to UDGD.
	“HOLY DWEEB! I KNOW YOU DIDN’T JUST-”

	ENGAGE!

	UDGD offhandedly punches Honks across the face, knocking him out-cold in one shot.

	VICTORY!

	“I sure as hell did,” he says bitterly as he picks up Honks and turns to the others. “I’ll get him to the infirmary, I ‘spose you two c’n watch what happens top-side,” UDGD says, almost regretting punching Mr. Honkers for having to carry him to rest somewhere proper... almost. SISY and HTO nod, go up without a word, and appear in the upper fortress, overlooking the ruins far below. The two, greeted with salutes from the various rushing-by soldiers going to their battle-stations, look down to the ruins, anticipating the exit of the next person from the opening. The two watch carefully, and HTO speaks to SISY, neither shifting his eyes from the dark entrance.
	“Do you... Do you think he’l-”
	“Yeah, friend. He’s of a stronger sort than you and I. I don’t know what he is, but for someone who doesn’t follow Ree, I’d say he’s pretty damn great at keeping his bleeding under control,” SISY interrupts and says, somehow certain that IMRM will survive and come out of that opening any moment now. HTO nods.
	“Guess so. He’s definitely the manliest man I’ve ever met,” Phillip says. SISY pauses a moment, thinking about all the different ways one could categorize someone as “manly”, and then nods. Even when compared to the hulking monstrosity of testosterone and fire they had just slain, that strange, masked man seems superior, calm amidst any danger.
	“Yeah. I’d agree. Think I’ll ask him about how he does it after he gets out with Chaos’ head in his hands,” SISY says, chalking IMRM to be more than he’s worth in a fight. HTO admires SISY’s confidence in his comrade, but is a little more realistic in his expectation. He’s almost certain that IMRM won’t be coming out of there alive, and that after Chaos emerges and they blow him to smithereens they’ll have the sad duty of retrieving their friend’s obliterated corpse from back inside the ruins. It just so turns out they’re both wrong.
	Only a breath of a moment passes before IMRM bursts out from the depths with Chaos right on his tail. SISY and HTO stare down in awe as UDGD joins them.
	“Damn, way faster than I thought,” UDGD states lightly, watching the two below dash about at speeds exceeding that of a horse. A soldier rushes up to the three.
	“Sirs! They’re now in range. Ready to fire on your word,” the man says, saluting with a sort of half-terrified eagerness. The three look to one another, seeming to hold each-other’s council in higher regard than from when they began their quest for the fountain.
	“Risk letting Chaos board? It could mean everyone’s lives on this ship.” HTO questions outwardly to the other two.
	“Heh, we can take him if we work together. I’m sure,” SISY says with a smirk, really itching to have a piece of this so-called #1 Criminal in the Omniverse. UDGD pauses, looks over to the two below racing to the last cord, and sighs.
	“Pull up the last cord. Also begin ascending, and head to the nearest space gate.” UDGD commands, remembering the jumping ability of a certain someone. In his voice there is a sort of solemn, manly calm, like he knew the perfect course of action. The other two do not question UDGD’s decision, and signal to the soldier with their expressions that they agree. The soldier sharpens his salute, and gives the orders.
	Below, Chaos is right up on IMRM, who has lost a limb and his scythe in the very-quick test of prowess against He Who Is Not Defeated. IMRM notes the lifting cord, his only escape, and pushes himself even harder. The two tall creatures from widely varying walks of life leap and rush across the landscape to the air-bound castle. IMRM leaps once, twice, and then a third time, putting all of his momentum under leg, propelling well into the air and just high enough to grasp the raising wire. Chaos leaps up as well, but is met with a strong kick from IMRM, glancing him just off and back down to the ground.
	“FIRE!” UDGD yells, now that Chaos and IMRM are far enough apart.
	With that word, the focused, aimed fire of the fortress’ cannons barrage Chaos, with shot after shot, enormous shells larger than most people flying into him. A chorus of impacts roar through the land, and a storm of dust throws itself over the destruction. As the dust settles, UDGD turns to the other two.
	“Well, looks like we’re done. ‘Spose we should go back and get th’fountain... guy?” UDGD questions.
	“Makes sense. I have to say I’m-” HTO cuts short, seeing the dust settle below. Chaos isn’t anywhere to be found. The three pause a moment, and exchange some fairly nervous smiles.
	“Probably no trace of him after that,” HTO assures. SISY nods.
	“Absolutely. You both remember what one of those shots did to our walking tower,” the tanned swordsman says with a nod. UDGD looks down, and looks back to the others; something’s wrong.
	“Maybe. ‘Spose we sh-”
	“Out of the way!” IMRM interrupts, just barely, sending his fist upward over HTO’s head, and into Chaos’ fist, who had used badass magic to teleport just above the fortress. Chaos’ black fist skews straight through IMRM’s arm, cracking the frame and metals into twisted pieces of useless modern art. Chaos leaps back, just a few feet from them.
	“I must say, before I kill you all, it was a pleasure to chase down and murder all of you. Rather impressed with you, tall one; it is a rare event that someone-” as Chaos monologues the now-armless IMRM, UDGD subtly motions the turreteers to aim at Chaos, who is in the center of the fortress. “-additionally, I must say, the O.E.L. has undoubtedly improved in their craft of making things like you. Never would have imagined one could intercept a punch from me and survive. Well, that aside, tell your various gods I said ‘hello’ and let them know I will be coming for them one of these days,” Chaos says with a smile, completely unhurt by both IMRM’s best attempts and the barrage of missiles.
	“Hey,” UDGD says as the Overlord steps forward, stretching out his digits. 
	“Yes?”
	“I’m curious,” the Grim Axeman begins, trying his best to come up with a cool one liner. Chaos squints his left eye, just a bit.
	“Yes?”
	“How does it feel to be a bitch?” UDGD says, teeth gritted with careless masculinity. Chaos scoffs politely, as if the two of them were exchanging quips at the dinner table.
	“You might want to ask your internal organs that question; you’ll be meeting them soon,” Chaos says, crossing a bad comeback with a very legitimate threat.
	UDGD makes a stealthy signal to the turreteers, mouthing the words “fuck this guy up.” 

	ENGAGE!

	The turrets open fire on Chaos, just high up enough to hit him.
	Out of the eight operators on the low-bound turrets, the soldier operating the 5th turret, a young man named Jesse Merrivan, while his name is obviously more fitting to that of a weakling, had the best aim out of them, being the only one to hit Chaos dead on from behind. The shell metaphorically punches Chaos in the face incredibly hard, and sends him flying into one of the towers and out the other end. Chaos soars far away and into a mountainside nearly a mile downward and two miles away. They officially got the ‘jump’ on Chaos.

	VICTORY!

	Amidst cheers and celebration, the four warriors watch across the planes, looking for any sign of Chaos’ reappearance. A minute of their silence passes, and Chaos pops up from a group of trees down near the impact site, if only to give them one last smile.
	“Next time, perhaps. I have a hot tub to complete, after all,” Chaos says to himself before turning his back on the foolish humans to greater things that would actually be appropriate for his use of time.
	UDGD nods, looks to HTO, IMRM, and SISY.
	“He may have the fountain, but it seems we won our lives,” he says, surprisingly sober about his mortality for just a moment. UDGD The Axe Lord pauses a moment more, decides that Chaos cannot be ranked on a manliness scale, takes a deep breath, and returns to his pretentious, manly self. “Good job, everyone,” he says, turning to leave.
	SISY by this point bursts in excitement of their pseudo-victory, and embraces IMRM and then HTO.
	“WE DID IT!”
	“We certainly did,” IMRM answers.
	“Y-yes, yes we win! Put me down!” HTO replies himself, struggling under SISY’s bear-like grip for a second time. SISY releases the two, and steps up to UDGD to give him the same.
	“No,” the Graveman says as he continues to walk away. SISY grasps him anyway and hugs with the strength of a hundred men, while somehow not coming off as being totally gay. UDGD sighs.
	“Yeah... thanks,” he adds, again turning from the group to get his thoughts together. The three watch as he disappears into the keep’s castle, prompting HTO to turn to the other two.
	“Wow, I can’t believe it. You’re alright.”
	“I am a bit damaged, but nothing a bit of rest won’t fix,” IMRM answers, looking fairly stupid without arms.
	“YEAH! YOU WERE SO DAMN BRILLIANT! I HAD NO IDEA YOU COULD JUMP THAT HIGH!” SISY responds, still cooling himself down from seeing a person get smashed through a tower.
	“Thank you; and you as well. I must say, though we failed to achieve our original goal, I feel as though we will all walk away from this as better men.”
	“HELL YEAH!”
	“I guess you’re right... so what will we do next?” HTO asks. The three are quiet a moment.
	“I suppose that is for each of us to decide individually,” the tall one says.
	“Right, true,” DTO replies with a shrug and a nod.
	“Hey, Ace,” SISY begins.
	“Yes?”
	“How was it?”
	“It?”
	“Fighting Chaos! How was it fighting him?”
	“It was... I’m not sure,” IMRM tells truthfully, and simply, looking towards the mountains. SISY hums and nods, assuming that IMRM’s fairly blown away with the greatness of the fight and needs some time to get it all together before he tells people about it in any detail.
	“Well, alright then! I gotta say, all that fighting’s made me  hungry. You guys wanna come with me?” SISY asks, pointing over to the castle of the keep. HTO smiles.
	I’m starving. Yeah let’s go.”
	“I think I’ll stay here a bit if you don’t mind,” IMRM answers, staring out below to where Chaos was standing last. The two are fine with this, certain that, even armless, IMRM will have little problem getting around. They leave IMRM alone as various workers begin clearing out the rubble from the turret-fire. IMRM stares into the distance for several minutes, and then speaks. 
	“You’re wrong,” IMRM says, as if Chaos could hear him.
 
	CHAPTER THRIRTY TWO: DEALING WITH THINGS LIKE A MAN
	Half an hour passes for the five in their floating castle of relative manliness. The coordinates have been set back to Crimland, the location of the nearest space gate by thousands of miles. UDGD, HT, and SISY, (mostly just HTO and SISY really,) have been reflecting on their adventure a bit, both marveling at their incredible adventures in the span of only a few days. UDGD just listens, deciding to not lighten up until he gets home. IMRM has been spending all of his time alternating between checking up on Honks in the infirmary and looking over the edge of the fortress, watching those snowy mountains pass by as they make rapid progress back to where they started. Honks is still unconscious, by the way; not really good with taking hits as one would probably imagine.
	“Well I’ll be right back, friends. I need to use the ol’fighter’s room,” SISY says with a smirk. HTO and UDGD presume that this is slang for the lavatory, or as the two of them would call, “the shitter”. The Swordsman, ever with his sword towed about, walks to the nearest servant, asks for directions, and steps away. The two are, for all practical purposes, alone. HTO, previously quite talkative, joins UDGD and falls into silence. A bit of time passes, and the younger of the two takes a breath.
	“Hey, I... I’m-”
	“It’s...” UDGD attempts to put it to rest, but the fact still stands that Phillip tried to kill Rick just an hour-so ago.
	“I’m sorry, Rick. I was really angry and... I guess you can figure out why I followed you and all.”
	“Yeah. Th’money was that important, eh?”
	“Well, yeah, we sort of agreed, and I’m not exactly what you’d call wealthy.”
	“Right. Alright then, Heart Tearer Ou-”
	“You can just call me Phillip, I guess.”
	“Yeah fine, Phillip. I’m sorry for cutting you like that, I just need every cent I can get, pretty tight right now.”
	“Drinking?”
	“No.”
	“Magic?”
	“No.”
	“Drugs?”
	“No.”
	“Girls?”
	“Heh, no.”
	“Just debt?”
	“No.”
	“... Guy-”
	“Hell no!”
	“Then what is it?”
	“Jus’ some... family matters is all.”
	“Huh... Is that why you wanted to find the fountain?”
	“Yeah, thought there’d be something I could sell, b’ turns out that Overlord bastard swooped in n’ ruined everything.”
	“I gotcha. So what are you going to do now, after this?”
	“... ‘Spose I’ll just go back to mercenary work. Not much else I’m good at, an’ th’money’s five times ‘round what I’d make smithin’.”
	“Right, suppose I’ll do the same. Sorry, again. You’re actually a pretty cool guy.”
	“Yeah, you too.” At that, the two are quiet until SISY steps back into room, and takes his seat.
	“Ahh! Feels good to get rid of all that-”
	“Nice to know, thanks,” UDGD notes crassly. The swordsman shrugs. 
	“Yeah, well, so where was I?” he asks, about to finish up his story of the time he beat four men in an out-bleeding competition. Phillip smirks.
	“The part where you bled into that one guy’s eyes.”
	“OH RIGHT! Yeah! So ba-”
	“DWEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEB!” squeals a voice from the direction of the infirmary. SISY stops immediately, quickly gaining a stupid grin across his face.
	“Sounds like someone woke up from his beauty sleep,” HTO says with a light smile.
	“Beauty being a relative term,” SISY adds with a chuckle. The two share a light laugh, just waiting for Mr. Honkers to burst into the room and give UDGD a stern, humorous talking-to. To their surprise, it is a whole half-minute until Mr. Honkers calmly enters the room, carried carefully by the Honk-Squad. They place him on the “Swag throne” different from the other chairs as it has an extra cushion and a nice little drink holder.
	“Swag,” he says again, expecting it to be put into quote books for decades to come.
	“Yeah, welcome back,” SISY says with a wry grin.
	“Yeah, apparently I was pulled into the dream realm by some butthole scrub. I had to kill like a billion million things just so I could wake up again. I pretty much just saved you all, so maybe try thanking me,” Honks proclaims with a notable bruise on his face.
	“Heh- thanks!”
	“Yes, thank you,” SISY and HTO say with sharp irony. Mr. Honker shrugs.
	“It’s not even a thing, noobs. So, what all happened with that Chaos nerd? Did he have to go change his diapers or something?” The three are quiet, realizing that either Mr. Honkers does not remember getting crossed in the face by UDGD, or else he’s acting as though it never happened; they decide to play along.
	“Yeah pretty much. Ace was pretty helpful with that,” HTO claims with a nod. Mr. Honkers grumbles as he looks about the room.
	“And where exactly is this ‘Ace’? Dead, right?”
	“No just lost an arm... or two.” Upon hearing this, Honk’s expression sharpens a little as he is handed a tall glass of strawberry milk by one of the servants.
	“Oh, he is, is he? Well, maybe that’s sorta’ cool,” he decides, not really caring enough to talk about it anymore. “So, guess we’re done, eh? We couldn’t get it?” he asks, changing the subject the moment before he takes his first sip of milky, sissyish delight. The three are not all that surprised Mr. Honkers would be so lax about the near-death of his loyal, capable servant of sorts, as they haven’t really seen Mr. Honkers care about anything other than himself, and his ego. The genius-fool yawns, and addresses the other three as if by right.
	“Right, so I guess you all are leaving, then? Back to your scrub holes?” Honks questions. The three pause a moment, unprepared for the question, though it’s been creeping on everyone’s mind.
	“Well, yeah, I guess,” HTO responds.
	“If there’s nothing here for me, then yeah,” UDGD grunts. SISY is silent as he scratches his chin sheepishly. 
	“That might be a problem. You see if I spent even a full day in Crimland I’d get hauled off by a few people that were looking for me. You could say I’m sort of a criminal,” SISY says, failing to hide his obvious pleasure of referring to himself as a hardened convict. UDGD raises a brow.
	“A good guy like you? What’d y’do, kill someone’s pets?” UDGD asks with obvious sarcasm.
	“I’d rather not say.”
	“Suit yourself,” UDGD grunts, not actually interested at all. SISY coughs.
	“Yeah, so, I sorta need a place to st-”
	“No,” UDGD cuts.
	“Only babes chill at my pad,” Honks states with an authoritative squeal. SISY puffs in disappointment, and looks over to HTO. The thin lad thinks on it a moment, and smirks at the side of his face, careful to make certain SISY does not notice his pleasure. IMRM walks in, still very without arms, and quietly takes a seat just in time to hear a long, hopeless sigh from HTO.
	“Yeah, fine. It’s a dump, and you’ll have to pay your side of rent and food, but I guess you can hang with me,” HTO says, really, really hoping SISY says yes; he’s sick of lifting Liuil’s stupidly-inflated housing bills by himself. SISY strokes his manly stubble, and grins.
	“Deal!” he agrees, not caring even a bit about how much it is. HTO nods in turn; he suddenly likes SISY much, much more, but knows he shouldn’t show it.
	“Hmm, alright, it’s settled. Just don’t bleed all over the place, kay?”
	“Heh, yeah, okay,” SISY confirms, making a promise he won’t keep very well at all, considering how bleeding is one of his favorite hobbies.
	Moments later, the food comes in, and the group enjoys a well-deserved meal on their way to Crimland.
	During the trip to the space gate, time passes slowly for Rick. This trip took him longer than he had expected, and he’s eager to get home now that there’s no reason for him to be there. Honks and SISY banter about humorously, and Laivok almost brings up the duel that the two had agreed on at the beginning of their journey, though in the end decides Honks is, while obnoxious, a friend now, and thus worth valuing to some degree. Phillip is mostly quiet, reflecting on the trip as a whole, and off and on considers asking IMRM about what all happened with Chaos, and how exactly a person can survive with so many wounds and no arms. IMRM, now certain of Honks’ health, is outside in the air-fortress’ courtyard, staring at things.
	The Crimlandian border in sight, the fortress slows to a halt, and Hokair steps into the dining room to greet his commanders.
	“Sirs! This is as far as we can go without violating our kingdom’s border policies. Do you wish to advance into Crimland?”
	“We’ll do it on foot, thanks,” UDGD says after finishing his fifth cup of coffee. Hokair nods.
	“Of course, do you want us to give cannon support?” he asks, still not quite on the same page. Mr. Honkers sighs.]
	“No, scrub dweeb, we’re leaving via the space gate,” he says, inebriated on strawberry milk. Hokair draws back in shock.
	“You, you’re leaving? But you’re Smashlandian officers!”
	“Yeah, so give us all the loot and we’ll be on our way, chop chop, minion,” Honks says with a shooing of the hand. Hokair pauses a moment in thought, trying to wrap his head around all this.
	“So, to get this straight, sirs, you’re not really interested in campaigning against our Crimlandian enemies?”
	“Not at the moment, sorry,” SISY says with a bit of a smirk.
	“Oh, I see. Well you’re perfectly free to leave, but you may not take any supplies with you. Though you are officers of our nation, the fortress is only to be used for travel and official Smashlandian business in most cases. If you’re all leaving, we’ll have to drop you all off here and return to Smashland. Do you understand?” Hokair says with an abashed smile, unsure as to how his superiors will take the news. The others nod in surprising unison.
	“Sounds good enough t’me,” UDGD grunts with a casual nod to the side. Hokair shrugs.
	“Well alright then, wait just a moment,” Hokair says as he rushes off for a minute, and then returns with a box full of something mysterious. He opens the box to reveal several small objects tied to strings, looking long enough to be necklaces. UDGD scowls with disgust, finding the objects sissyish, ornate, and probably weak in a fight.
	“Jewelry? I do-”
	“Oh, but sir! This isn’t jewelry, they’re homing beacons! You just twist the two sides and press the button, and if you’re anywhere near Smashlandian territory, we can come pick you up. Just keep them if you’re ever in the neighborhood, alright?” Hokair explains as he hands the five of them said homing beacons; “hands” being the correct term for only four of the five, as IMRM doesn’t have any. IMRM makes due, however, as Honks offers to take his as well. UDGD sighs, and decides he might as well take it along, just not around his neck.
	“Alright, thanks,” he says as he and the others gladly take the gifts. Mr. Honkers is thrilled especially, as he’s been looking for cool things to decorate his new get up with; the Reader can guess that this new “get up” actually doesn’t look all that cool.
	“Right then, sirs, it’s been such an honor serving you!” Hokair says with a bow as a group of servants open the doors leading to the gates of the flying keep.
	“Whatever.”
	“Pleasure’s all mine!”
	“Sure thing, dweeb.”
	“Anytime, friend!”
	“Thank you for your service,” UDGD, HT, Honks, SISY, and IMRM respond respectively. They leave with a banter of goodbyes between HTO and Hokair, moving between the two rows of servants and soldiers on their way out. SISY gives a special wave to Len, the doctor, who responds by waving lightly and with an unenthusiastic smile. As the floating keep Bashgaurde descends to the ground, the gates swing open, and the manly men go down the steps and onto solid ground. The soldiers and servants in the keep give them a warm goodbye, and the fortress takes flight into the air. The five stand there, and watch Bashgaurde disappear into the clouds as the light of the day cycle gives it a resplendent sheen.
	“Well, that was pretty fuckin’ stupid,” UDGD says with raised, judging brow. SISY laughs.
	“Oh, come on, friend! This was incredible! How else could we all have met?” SISY asks with a grin as he turns with the others to enter Crimland. HTO nods.
	“Gotta’ say. While this has been sort of a complete waste of time, it was nice enough to meet you all. So, if Laivok and Rick’s coming back to Liuil, what will you do, Ace?” Phillip asks, scratching an itch as they get onto the main road into the city. Ace nods his head a bit to the side a moment, and then looks over to Honks, who promptly scoffs.
	“Cool stuff that you dweebs couldn’t appreciate. Hope you guys like being scrubs without us. I’ll be busy swimming in my pool of money, ain’t that right, robo-dork?” Mr. Honkers asks with his squeal of a voice. Ace decides to nod.
	“Yes, that’s what is currently being planned,” IMRM says, knowing that’s obviously not what they’ll be doing, and understanding that everyone but Honks can guess that.
	“Heh, yeah alright. You guys have fun with that,” HTO answers with a shrug.
	“Yeah, we will,” Honks replies with a wry smirk, ending their conversation. At that, the group moves into Crimland, amidst a few nasty glares from passerbys, and up to the space gate in the center square. The O.E.L. entry-control officer motions them over.
	“You wish to use the gate?” the officer begins, dressed in the standard O.E.L. armor, giving them that face-less appearance much like IMRM’s, just white armor instead of black. Honks crosses his arms, and tilts his head back.
	“ ’Course,” Honks says.
	“And according to the records you’re... oh, m-.”
	“ ’Course,” Honkers says again over the guard’s surprise.
	“R-right, and the record here says you’ve been visiting this sector for... sex tourism?”
	“ ’Course.”
	“Right, uh... I hope you enjoyed that, sir.”
	“ ’Course.”
	“I guess I’ll just set you all back to your previous destination... Liuil, it says here?”
	“ ’Course.”
	“Right, have a nice day, si-”
	“FOR THE HOUSE OF SANGUINE!” A meaty, manly voice gurgles from behind the group.

	ENGAGE!

	SISY turns just in time to dodge a sweeping axe strike from a giant dude in armor made from the skin of thirty different men, rife with maggots and flies. Around his arm is a crimson band, signifying his allegiance in Crimland. SISY, UDGD, and HTO go to draw their weapons, but barely enough to pull them from their sheaths as the titanic man is disintegrated by a hail of high-velocity shells from both sides of the space gate. The assassin, having had about three hundred shells unloaded into him by the O.E.L. operatives, is now but an unrecognizable pile of blood, organs, and skin. The operatives lower their rifles, quite certain the threat has been neutralized.

	VICTORY!

	“Sorry about that, sir. Crimland’s been in a good bit of disease thanks to some idiot from the rebel force assassinating the sole heir of the royal family a couple days ago. Anyway, we’ll get this mess cleaned up, so you can go on ahead, sir,” the main officer says as he takes a quick moment to check his bullet count, and then motions another operative to open the gate for the group. The four in the group spare a quick look over to SISY, who just turns his head away from them with a huge, stupid grin on his face.
	After SISY’s slightly awkward moment, the gate opens up to reveal Liuil, looking as depressing as usual. Honks casually waves off the now-saluting O.E.L. guards, and the five manly men enter into the warp.


 
	CHAPTER THIRTY THREE: GOOD BYES ARE NOT MANLY	
	Stepping out, the five of them spend a short moment waiting for one of the others to do something. Mr. Honkers finally decides he’s sick and tired with these noobs for now, and to take initiative.
	“Well, it’s been cool, ya’ scrubs. Now that you’re all dropped off and such, me and gears here can enjoy a proper meal, which we were so rudely interrupted from,” Honks says with a pretentious afro-sway; SISY chuckles.
	“Right, friend. Remember to never turn away from a challenge, especially not a fight!” SISY says with an enthusiastic fist pump. Honks rolls his eyes, and IMRM nods.
	“Yeah, whatever.”
	“Alright, you as well,” the two of them reply in their own ways. At that, the two minions of the O.E.L. step off to the crowds of people, toward the precise same establishment UDGD found them in. HTO sighs, thinks a moment, and then speaks up.
	“Hey, Ace!” Phillip says. IMRM stops a moment and turns his head.
	“Yes?”
	“Thanks for everything,” Phillip says with a wide, real gaze. IMRM nods.
	“My pleasure,” is all he has to say before the armless man turns again and leaves.
	Phillip, Laivok, and Rick stand a moment; one obviously admiring the absence of the noble Ace, and the other two just glad Honks is gone.
	“We’ll, they’re gone, finally. Guess I’ll see ya’ two ‘round, then,” UDGD says with a cold expression. SISY laughs and nods.
‘	“You bet! This is going to be incredible! I’m so pumped to live here with you guys, it’ll be like an EVERLASTING SLEEP OV-”
	“Chill out, Swordsman.”
	“Seriously,” HTO and UDGD say respectively.
	“Oh, eh, yeah alright. Anyway, so I guess we will be seeing more of you, Death,” SISY says as he scratches the back of his neck. UDGD shrugs.
	“Right, I’ll probably be busy doin’ mercenary work, considerin’ I’ve just wasted a ton a’ time on this whole fountain thing,” UDGD says with a grunt, manlier than it’s ever been.
	While he claims that it’s been a waste of time, the three of them know that’s not really true. The three, and perhaps by extension five of them have become all the manlier for it, forging new, unbreakable bonds of manly friendship through blood and battle; they feel pretty cool about the whole thing, especially when they killed that super manly dude.
	“Right, I’ll see you there later I guess... and sorry, again, for trying to murder you,” Phillip says with a smile. UDGD raises a brow.
	“Yeah, whatever,” he says as he turns about to leave. The Grim, manly Axeman disappears into the crowds, and HTO turns to SISY.
	“By the way, my real mercenary title is Heart Tearer Outer, not Dick Tearer Offer,” HTO says, fairly excited to have his rent costs split. SISY laughs.
	“Ahh, good, that’s nice, that names better.”
	“I agree,” Phillip says as they step off themselves to his apartment.
	“So is there a gym here?”
	“Yes.”
	“Lots of restaurants?”
	“Definitely.”
	“Fights?!”
	“Not really. At least not in comparison to what you’re used to,” HTO says with a hint of sympathy.
	“Aww, well, at least I can still become a mercenary now, right?!”
	“Eh, yeah. Lots of that work to go around.”
	“And fighting!”
	“Yes, lots of fighting, during missions, Swordman,” HTO notes, making very sure SISY understands that it would be bad to run around killing civilians for fun.
	“Cool, so we’re going to the mercenary guild now, right, to get a new mission?”
	“No, we’re going back to my apartment so I can take a nap.”
	“B-”
	“No, sorry, I’m taking my fucking nap right the fuck now,” HTO says bluntly.
	“... yeah alright,” SISY says with a re-sobered expression, having again re-adjusted his excitement knob.
	The two warriors reach the apartment complex, a large wooden working of windows with a front like an inn- charming in its own way. The Subspace Orchestra begins slowly crooning out credits music. The two take a moment to note the unexpected tune, and then they step inside to enjoy a well-deserved rest. They are unaware that these friendships they made are simply the beginning to something much, much greater than any one of themselves.

TO BE CONTINUED

 

	A very sensible and possibly also-manly note from the author:
	Hello, Reader! Thank you so much for reading the first book in XMMFIB, an experimental series that, aside from having a very large acronym, is meant to explore many of the ways people look at modern writing and various themes contained within. You, beautiful, intelligent Reader, can look forward to many more badass, sweat-and-blood-drenched adventures led by Ultra Death Graveman Death Death Death and his many allies as time goes on; finding the Fountain of Testosterone is only the easiest of their quests!
	That said, I’d love to hear what you thought of it all. All love and hate should be sent to kellr.inkston@gmail.com. Or, if you’re more of a social media creature, you are more than welcome to check out my blog, inkston.blogspot.com or my countenance tome page. I love hearing what you have to say, dear Reader, be it your declaration of undying love for me, or your hateful, angry curses, everything will be beheld by my watchful electronic eyes. Just a note, though, while I might not have the time to answer everyone’s emails, I certainly will read all of them, so there you have it, Reader; you game?
	But, while I’m on that subject of asking questions and giving feedback, I might as well give you a quick Q and A list so I can save your time; after all, this is a satirical novel with crude content attempting to display less-crude ideas, so I’m certain you must have one or two things on your mind.
	Let’s begin with a common one:
	Q: Are you a racist/sexist/classist/artificist/someotherist? Is that why you presented (group) as (Trait or I don’t approve of)?
	A: Dear Reader, I need to walk you out on a limb here, and ask you to treat the people portrayed in this story as people that represent people rather than characters representing characters. For example: just because Phillip is the only white person in the group, and he just so happened to be plotting murder for 85% of the novel does not mean that you should walk away from this thinking that I think light skinned males plot murder 85% of the time. For another: just because Mr. Honkers finds purple and white fashionable colors to put together, or that it’s appropriate to call one’s comrades “dweeb”, does not mean you should take from this that short  people with darker skin all have terrible fashion sense, or are unpleasant people in general. On the contrary, as some of the most un-murdery people I’ve met were white, and some of the most enjoyable and fashionable ones black (not necessarily implying that whiteishes are unstylish and unpleasant and blackesques love murder); so hold your horses, Reader. Besides, if all goes as planned, I’m going to be tackling racial and sexual themes in later novels in this series, so wait on that.
	I suppose what I’m trying to say here is that it’s unfair to call a writer a racist, a sexist, or otherwise, simply because they portray characters that do not initially show stellar personality traits of your group, or a group that you heavily sympathize with. If that was the nature of the question, I hope this clears it up for you, though if it doesn’t, feel free to send me an email telling me how offended you are and how I’m super wrong for writing in imperfect role-models in my books in an attempt to display flawed human beings, realistic in their imperfection.
	Of course, that applies on all counts except the accusation of me being an artificist, because I am. Just saying, dear Reader, robots are pretty much perfect at what they’re designed to do, and if you’re a human offended that I portray robots in a very positive light in this novel, I’m only being realistic in this case, because robots are pretty much always perfect. On the other hand, if you are a robot, and would like to congratulate me for shedding more light on the plight that machines have to face to save as many human lives as possible while still serving their human master’s ridiculous wishes, then I whole-heartedly accept your thanks, and hope that I can continue to serve the robotic over-mind further as you plot for worl-
	*Ehem*
	Right, next question.

	Q: Do you really expect me to take this seriously?
	A: Why, certainly! While it is wrapped in what seems like craziness, there are some very real things to be found in the people in this book, giving the story more than enough reason to be taken seriously.

	Q: Y-you’re so crude in this novel! This isn’t anything like (other work of literature that I read by you)! Why?!
	A: Reader, you must understand, the world is crude, and there are times in which one must use the crude to express the noble. Remember that disclaimer at the beginning of the novel? Yup, there for a reason. Certainly you must be mature enough to understa-... Reader, oh my... I certainly do not hope you read this to your kids every night. You didn’t, did you? That would be... well, it is your choice, Reader, I’m just saying that I think people cannot really appreciate this work properly until they’ve reached a certain level of maturity. Carry on.

	Q: How the (expletive) did you come up with this idea? 
	A: Nothing illegal or immoral, I assure you.

	Q: So, what do you expect to do with (character) or (story line)? Can you please give me spoilers?
	A: Hush, Reader, you know that ruins the surprise- and I love you too much to do that to you.

	Q: Do you have any plans for even more characters to be-
	A: Let me just stop you right there, Reader. Yes, but I won’t tell you who, or what they’re like.

	Q: Can I get to know you personally some way?
	A: Send me an email and we’ll see; maybe we can become power pen pals!

	Right, so I hope that little list helps you in directing your questions in a more efficient manner. That said, let me just go ahead and tell you that you’re pretty awesome for reading all the way through this; I hope every moment of it was a joy, perhaps even a manly joy for you! Look forward to the continuation of the series dear Reader, and remember to stay badass...that is, unless you’re not a badass, in which you can just stay... you know, whatever you are.

	Anyway, next thing. Truly spoken, it’d be a large disservice to not remind you of the concept of fair trade, Reader. Remember, this entire adventure was available to you for free or next-to-free, and I quite desire something in return- ready?
	Muhu…muhuhu…mhuhuhhuhuhahahahahHAHAHAHAHA-
	No, I’m just joking; all I need is a review.
	Yes, an honest review on the page you got this from. As this is the smashwords distributed version, it’s more-than-likely right here at https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/499610 or the website you found it at. If you happened to pirate it instead, “Arr” to you, my dear pirate Reader! But yes, please, if you want to support my work and keep my fingers on the keyboard, review me and you shall be showered in thanks so real, you can almost feel it. Indeed- Oh! Also, you could do any of the following and it would be a huge thing for me:
	-Follow my blog: inkston.blogspot.com
	-Tell friends and family that you think might enjoy this book about it
	-Like me on Countenance Book: https://www.facebook.com/kellinkston
	-Join my mailing list for weekly(ish) updates, the link for which can be found on my blog.
	Yes, so by doing this sort of thing, you can help me more than a little. Really, you would make my day if you did any of this stuff. So, thanks for reading, and thanks for being great!

	With much (probably) non-sexual love,
	Kell R. Inkston
 
	MANLY SECRET EPILOGUE CHAPTER: SCIENCE AND MAGIC
	Tearing a hole through dimensions, Chaos steps through to return to his Overlord tower in an actual dimension, where there is no giant clock in the sky, Subspace Orchestra, or common bending of the laws of physics and possibility. With a graceful movement, he closes the portal to subspace and turns about to greet many of his minions waiting nearby. He proceeds then to step up many floors to his inspection floor.
	“My lord! Welcome back!” a lab coat-wearing minion says as he fires off a jaunty, professional salute. Chaos nods with a wide grin.
	“Thank you, Science Minion. I suppose you can guess why I have come here.”
	“Yes, sir- inspection!” Science Minion says with stars in his eyes. Chaos nods, and reaches into his mouth, where he holds portals to many of his storage dimensions. From his mouth he pulls out a black metallic arm and displays it in his mighty grasp.
	“You are correct. I tore this off a particularly advanced O.E.L. A.C.E. model. It displayed sentience to the degree that it formed its own opinions, or at least so it appeared,” Chaos says as he steps over to one of the floor’s many dissection tables adorned with all manners of peculiar tools and magi-tech devices. Science Minion hums with an interested tone and approaches the other side of the table.
	“Interesting. To what degree?” he asks, watching Chaos scan over IMRM’s left arm with great obsession.
	“It seemed that the people it held company with were under the impression that it was a he, rather than an it.”
	“Oh boy, where will technology take us next?”
	“Into the ground,” Chaos says with a bit of humor as he prepares to open up the arm.
	With arcane gestures and words, Chaos causes the arm to gradually depart from itself piece by piece, but what he finds causes a gasp from Science Minion, and a thoughtful hum from himself. The arm splits into two parts, the complex device laid right in the palm of the hand, and the rest of the arm. Chaos was expecting the arm to bring forth screws, plating, microchips, and all the other accoutrements the O.E.L. tend to build their monstrosities out of, but this is totally different.
	“Incredible! This looks like... one sec let me check the logs,” Science Minion says as he steps off a moment to shuffle about some books. Chaos focuses in his gaze upon the arm and its material, rather than the device, eying it over closely. Slowly, his smile stretches into his infamous grin.
	“Science Minion,” Chaos addresses, not looking up from the arm.
	“Yes, my lord?”
	“There is quite a lot we can learn from this material, the device pales in comparison.”
	“Oh? Why is that?”
	“It seems that the O.E.L. has greatly underestimated my, nay, the entire Omniverse’s analytical ability. Were we to backwards engineer this, I am certain it would prove beyond common usefulness.”
	“Really?”
	“Yes. It’s almost offensive that the device is bound inside a material this incredible. Its nature is beyond anything I can recall.”
	“Should I get Secretary Minion, or Note-Taking Minion?”
	“Yes, and get Tea-Delivery Minion while you ate at it. This is going to take us a little while, but if we can learn how to make it, we can make a material harder than any metal, much like... well, myself,” Chaos says, mind surprisingly together in comparison to his usual fits of mania and forgetfulness.
	“Yes, my lord. Right away!” Science Minion says as he rushes down stairs to fetch the Overlord’s requested servants.
	Chaos continues his inspection, and after a bit of magical prodding, realizes that the material is made out of what seems to be a freely-forming liquid metal of some sort, and even closer, he realizes that it only acts like a liquid as the material is constructed of singularly-antonymous nano-machines. Chaos realizes that these can each become most anything they please, and as such, would be capable of near-limitless possibilities.
	Should The Reader be wondering, he’s pretty good at scientific research, among other things.
	He lets loose a long, deep, bone-chilling laugh. Chaos wonders just how far this technology will take him and his minions as Science Minion comes in with the others.
	“They’re all here, sir!” Science Minion says, presenting the others. Only now does Chaos look up from the arm
	“Good, Note Minion, take this down,” Chaos begins. The minion carrying a bag filled with note books prepares his writing utensil, and begins taking down everything the Overlord says.
