Missing Starlit


ipam





Smashwords Edition Copyright 2014 Pamela Joan Barlow Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.





Present-year.
Four weeks later.
August 1st. 8:03 am. Von Brown Center. meeting room. Huntsville. Alabama. partly cloudy. sunny. 84°F.

Cody: tall, athletic, black hair, black facial whiskers, blue eyes. He had survived the bomb explosion on the Hawkins farm and was fresh out of the psychiatrist’s chair, a requirement of the US Marshals office for any type of deadly dangerous disaster. He feels both happy and sad but ready to press on with his new assignment and his new supervisor in Huntsville, Alabama.
Huntsville is the second largest city in the state of Alabama with a population of over 600,000. The area is famous for the Apollo space ship design and development during the 1970s and the current war-killing missile design, present-day. The city is located in the northern portion of Alabama with hills, valleys, and a river running from east to west covering the entire state in numerous counties. Huntsville also produces cotton bolls and computer chips, a vital part of Alabama’s thriving finances in a US tanked economy.
He didn’t have use his pickup truck to arrive in Huntsville. He flew on an airplane from Birmingham and then lounged inside a limousine with a set of new wardrobe. He kept his old cowboy boots, thou. His new mission is top secret.
Cody presses the jacket of his gold colored US military uniform stomping into the archway then stops. He smiles and views the room.
The room is square classroom style with four dull white walls, no windows. There is a teacher desk without a chair, a book or a teacher. There are four metal chairs in front of small writing table without pull-out drawers. Four are occupied with a different colored US military uniform too. He waves his hand, stomping to the lonely empty metal chair and writing desk. “Hey, ya’ll! I’m Cody.”
Male: tall, athletic, red facial whiskers, brown hair, topaz eyes, pale skin. He waves then slaps his chest. “I’m Air Force named Fucner, Rector Fucner…”
The male inside the wheelchair laughs. “Fuck, is that really your name, son?”
“Fucner, Rector Fucner,” he smiles and swings to the solider in the wheelchair. “Yeah, that’s really my real name.”
The solider extends his hand. “Fuck, I wanna shake your hand. Your daddy must’ve loved the shit of you, boy naming ya so grand and fine of a fucking legend of sexual male.”
Fucner chuckles, standing, walks to the male. “Thank ya kindly! You are, sir? When I marry and have a baby girl I’m going to name her, Fucque Fucner,” laughs with the other soldiers.
The solider: wheelchair, blond ponytail, blond facial whiskers, brown eyes, pale skin. He laughs and shakes the hand. “Activate Coast Guard, this not female lover is named O’Hanlon Kirkwood,” winks. “O’honey, O’honey…,” chuckles with the others.
Cody sits then swings the chair towards the new set of co-workers. Fucner walks to his chair then slaps the young male in the chair facing the front of the room. “And you are, young sir?”
Male: short, thin, brown hair, clean shaven, brown eyes, pale skin. He clears his throat. “I represent the Marine Core. I am Alvin Rupert Zorach. I am eighteen years old from the great state of Texas. I am the son of billionaire cattle rancher. I currently serve as a lowly private for the US military for the public relations division. My internal ambition is to become the governor of Mississippi. I am starting my profession career off with a bang. “I co-saved a team of Navy Seals trapped in a valley in Afghan…”
Fucner laughs, sitting in his assigned chair, frowns with puzzlement at Alvin. “Co-saved, is that fucking kin to words like co-author, co-star, coaster…”
Kirkwood laughs. “Co-saved, is that a fucking American word?”
Cody laughs. “Co-saved, is that an officially fucking military action verb?”
Fucner laughs. “So that makes Alvin a co-hero. Right? Right!” 
Kirkwood frowns. “Ya co-saved a team of Navy Seals. How tall are ya, teen-boy?”
Alvin smirks and stands from chair in full height. “Five feet and three inches…”
Fucner stands and slaps his chest at six, five inches. “He’s co-tall as well as co-hero, when he co-saved the seven feet ‘nastier than Texas rattlers’ Navy Seals...,” laughs with the other soldiers then views the last male without an introduction. Fucner fingers the tall male. “You are, sir?”
Male: tall, slender, blond hair, blond facial whiskers, pale skin, green eyes. He says. “Islander.”
Fucner nods and smiles. “Excellent, so someone tell me why are we be present here in Huntsville, Alabama today?”

Alburville. Alabama. four miles east of Birmingham. 8:31 am. sunny. hot. humidity. 88°F
The mother: tall, pretty, thin, black hair, pale skin. She walks from the outside into the living room of the house waving the envelope, smiles at her daughter. “It’s here. It came. I am so excited. Here it is.”
The daughter: tall, pretty, thin, black hair, pale skin. She chews her food at the table then texts on her mobile telephone. “What’s here?”
“Your personal invitation into the Miss Starlit pageant, today. Registration…”
The daughter texts, frowning with frustration. “Mama, you said that I didn’t have to do these anymore. And I said that I didn’t want to do these anymore.”
The mother smiles, opening the envelope. “One more, this one is the big granddaddy long legs spider of the spider family. Ya know they’re the biggest bug in the world.”
The daughter texts. “Wolf spiders living in the woodlands in Mississippi can wrestle, toss, and blood suck a mature Chihuahua, Mama. They’re the biggest darnest ugliest things in the South. Ya promised, Mama last month was the last beauty pageant.”
The mother nods and smiles, waving the letter. “Darling, just one more pageant, that’s it forever. You’ll have all the money needed for your entire entrance into college from our freshman year until you receive your Phd in engineering working for the rest of life on easy street rather than struggling like me and your father paycheck by paycheck and then paying the minimum on the credit cards month by month and not ever getting ahead…”
The daughter exhales, viewing her mama, slightly smiles. “Thanks for loving and helping and guiding me to the right stuff, Mama. I really love ya…”
The mother smiles and nods. “Let’s get your ready. Registration starts at nine am then the interviews begin at ten am. During the day there is the dance practice for the musical song. Tomorrow is swimsuit and evening gown competition. The day after tomorrow is the crowning of you as Miss Starlit of Alabama, darling. I’m so excited,” spins towards the kitchen.

VBC. meeting room. 9:01 am.
Male: tall, gray facial whiskers, black-grayish hair, dark skin, walking cane, 50’s. He steps into the semi-naked room staring out the window at two mature 50 years old trees home to a nest of flying mama and daddy red birds, sniffs the air waves. “Smoke?”
Fucner laughs. “Fire.”
Cody smiles and nods. “Where there’s smoke, there’s fire,” chuckles with the other soldiers.
He wobbles on the walking cane towards the captured audience of new assholes, rolling backwards the teacher chair away from table lip, not sitting. He stands in place of the chair, placing the folder on the surface. He scans the unfamiliar boys but slightly recognized faces from the personnel dossiers from the billionaire host of the Miss Starlit Pageant. He focuses on the asshole with the lit stinky cigar as the asshole also holds a small tumbler of alcohol. He leans into the table then raises the cane at the sign in the wall corner. “You didn’t see the ‘no smoking’ sign posted on the walls throughout the facility, solider.”
Cody laughs. “He can’t read…”
“Smells good to me,” chuckles Fucner.
Cody laughs. “Can’t write, either.”
“Looks good to see,” chuckles Fucner.
Skippy frowns with annoyance. “Are you on meds, solider?”
O’Hanlon sours and frowns touching two fingers to the cigar, not burning the tender pads. “One, you ain’t my sweet ass grayed haired southern mama. Two, this is my fucking hourly medication for everything. Three, I follow only my gawddamn commands when I feel like following my gawddamn commands,” inserts the cigar into his open mouth, slams his lips shut, inhales a big gulp then exhales by blowing a big round puff in the form of a circle for drama, then grins.
Cody laughs. “Can’t curse either.”
The male exhales leaning on the walking cane. “Good morning, I’m leader. I got three questions for ya’ll. Who in the hell’s gay?” he sees no visual hands. He feels relief for the moment until the truth trips over his cowboy boots as it kicks the asshole off the judge’s panel, hearing the solider chuckles. He says. “When was the last time ya got fucked no dates, hours or the number of whores?”
Fucner tosses his hands, smiling and nodding. “Last night.”
O’Hanlon nods. “This morning…”
Cody chuckles, swinging to O’Hanlon. “Bullshit, O’honey…”
Islander does not answer the question.
He nods. “My third and final question has parts A and B. Part A, tell me something about true yourself so I can verify inside my flimsy paper folder eliminating your ass as a terrorist. Part B, what proper noun, not inappropriate verb do you want me to reference as your name while I’m commanding you here, since I’m the leader?”
Fucner chuckles. “Do you always speak in fucking full twelfth grade Miss Smith’s English Literature sentences like William Shakespeare?”
Alvin stands, not tall, clearing his throat. “I represent the Marine Core. I am Alvin Rupert Zorach. I am eighteen years old from the great state of Mississippi. I am the son of billionaire cattle rancher. I currently serve as a lowly private for the US military for the public relations division. My internal ambition is to become the governor of Mississippi. I am starting my profession career off with a bang. I co-saved a team of Navy Seals trapped in a valley in Afghan. Thank you, sir,” stands. The leader nods.
O’Hanlon bangs the wheelchair then puffs a circle of smoke. “O’Hanlon Kirkwood, Coast Guard disabled with both legs and left arm, smokes cigars and drinks whiskey all the time and sweet talks girls into fucking me over and over again. Gemini is my astrological sign represents twins doing twin things with my ring of sex slaves. They call me O’ honey, O’ honey you’re great…,” chuckles with the other soldiers.
Alvin exhales. “You are nothing but an O’hick lick,” chuckles.
O’Hanlon sours. “My Irish surname is both precious and honored, my ‘ill little turd it’ hick person from Mississippi.”
Cody fingers O’Hanlon, laughing. “That’s clever, illiterate…ill little turd it. I’ll chop it down to “turd it’ for fun, if’an I was you, Mississippian man.”
Alvin views the teacher desk, growling. “I’m beginning to sharpen my knife for some kidney pie, O’hick lick?”
O’Hanlon raises the wicked knife, sneering. “Man, I never sharpen my weapon when I got the bicep to bisect in one sucker punch into Bambi meat, ill little turd.”
Fucner chuckles. “I be the hero of the Army, sir. I am Fucner, Rector Fucner. I be a fucking great love too ‘cause I love making fucking love to any female that I can find. I have a fucking lover on my right and another fucking lover on my left...”
Cody laughs.  “Bullshit, Fucner. My addictions, games and beer. I didn’t have sex slaves as an addiction like O’honey. Sex is a hobby, not addiction, man.”
The male taps the cane on the teacher desk for attention. “I am Skippy, the brain, the professor, Rhodes Scholar, Navy jet fighter pilot, Tennessee redneck. I am very pleased to meet each of you, especially pleased to learn of O’Hanlon’s addictions, hobbies and introducing his new job, Miss Starlit pageant judge.”
O’Hanlon smiles. “Yee-haw!”
Skippy nods. “My rules, we ditch the military fatigues during the low key beauty competition wearing proper blue jeans and T-shirts, without profanely or I’ll drop your ass on the tile and rip the imported cotton fabrics off your back…”
Fucner tosses his hands. “Ow, sounds fucking freaky, I’m willing to get it go. Do fucking me first, Skippy.”
Skippy says. “Does every solider understand my command? Excellent,” nods and grins.
Cody chuckles. “Girls like country boys with camouflage clothes and a southern deep draw.
Skippy exhales. “You job today is to visual view each contestant as they appear on the television plasma behind my ass,” presses the button. A white screen drops from the ceiling. “This is one of many conference rooms inside the conference center which is owned by the city of Huntsville. The center is currently not really used since the building of the Von Brown Conference Center. Therefore we are being housed here to work. We represent the US military during the pageant activities. This is an international portion of the Starlit Pageant, because the owner of the Starlit Pageant moved it from London, England for money purposes…”
“The entire world revolves around money.” Cody nods. “But we’re some of the judges here so we all vote for Miss USA to win the pageant. USA. USA,” cheers and smiles.
Skippy raises the paper folders. “Thanks for your input, Cody. This paper folder contains one sheet of paper with all the countries of the world. There are hundred and six girls. You as judge will select the top fifteen females that you believe should win Miss Starlit two days from now. Cody, please hand out the paper and an ink pen. Please only select the whole number of fifteen, not fourteen, not eighteen, not ten. You can doodle on the back of the paper for your top number of girls then mark with a big blue X the fifteen females. This is the first stage, interviewing. Tomorrow, the second stage is wiggling their assets in swim suits and evening gowns. The final night on Wednesday is the crowning. We will dress in our US Federal Government issued military uniforms sitting behind the first row of judges. This pageant is televised all over the world so be good on Wednesday. The specific ugly reason, we’re housed in a dark room inside a dark building, because of a couple of naughty ass soldiers. And it ain’t me or Islander…,” chuckles with the soldiers. Fucner stands then circles, slapping his chest, smiling and nodding in silence. Then he sits. Skippy laughs. “The interview process will last for four hours…”
Cody chuckles. “That’s only one minutes and twenty-two seconds of interview time for each…”
Fucner nods and smiles. “Girls gossip and talk fasting then a blinking eyelash, Cody. That’s plenty of time to separate the girl from the woman, the innocent from the sexy, the princess from the queen,” grunts with the other soldiers.
Skippy nods. “Fucner gave the command. Wait the television and select your favorite fifteen…”
O’Hanlon frowns at the paper then views the screen. “How’s we supposed to grade the girls?”
Cody rattles the paper, smiling. “I use the Goody to Baddy chart with a high grade of five stars for a quick slick interview response, sweet smile, and proper southern belle manners. No hanging boogers or stained tobacco teeth...,” chuckles.
Fucner laughs. “Pretty good method, Cody, I pick Miss USA and the other fourteen biggest tits on the screen…”
Cody frowns at the papers. “I see only the names of the countries of the world. There’re ain’t any stats of breast cups on the form, Fucner.”
“Kid, I don’t need numbers when I got eyeballs,” Fucner fingers his nose, laughing.
Cody smiles. “How many pageants have you judged Skippy? What’s your standard grading method of beauty queens, sir?”
Skippy smiles. “This is my first and only one, Cody. I use the cow grading system being a cow farmer in Tennessee. A grading system is valuable in the cow industry. It provides a common language with seeing the steer. There is three frame sizes and three muscle thickness,” chuckles with the soldiers. “Large, medium, and small are the nine possible combinations which allows me to weed out for ugliness, improper habits or unkindness,” chuckles. “A large frame cow is ugly, tall and long boned with no fat. A medium frame cow is moderate in height and ugliness. And a small frame cow is short and ugly. As a cow grows it appears changes like their ears decrease in size in relation to their head for telling the truth. Otherwise, big ears are untrustworthy. The muzzle becomes wider like the nose growing long and sharp like a blood-sucking vampire bat. The head becomes longer in relation to its fat ass brining out hostile intentions. And the tail increases in length for fibbing with a prominent eye twitch or two,” chuckles. “The degree of muscle thickness is directly related to unkindness. A thick muscle is full in arms, back, waist and legs, highly unkindness,” winks at Cody then chuckles. “A moderate muscle is narrower in forearm and ass, okay unkindness. A small muscle is a dairy cow which is very sweet and kind to all. The end.”
O’Hanlon coughs then grins. “I give all the girls ten stars then I minus a star for the following ugly features. If she got a red nose like me and Rudolph the reindeer I minus one star…”
Cody chuckles. “Your red nose is called rosacea, O’honey. It’s caused by red patches on the sensitive skin of the face sometimes with thick bumps a condition called rhinophyma. Rosacea is more common in males than female and genetics play a role. Ya can get doc treatment using burning lasers.”
Fucner frowns. “Who’s the smart-ass?”
“Cody Mack, seventeen years old,” Skippy nods and grins.
O’Hanlon says. “If she got a canker sore like me I minus one star…”
Cody chuckles. “Canker sores are small painless ulcers inside the mouth called aphthous ulcers. They are not caused by a virus but poor food choices. You should think about changing your diet to more fruits and vegetables, O’honey,” smiles.
O’Hanlon smiles. “If she sweats like me I minus one star…”
Cody nods. “Excessive sweating is called hyperhidrosis on the palms, soles of the foot, and under your armpits. A doctor can treat ya with an aluminum chloride antiperspirants, oral medications, or mild electrical currents.
“O’honey has had too much mild electrical currents run wild and free through his brain cells.” Fucner chuckles.
O’Hanlon sticks out his tongue then wiggles it. “If she gots a black tongue…”
“Ugh, put it away before I vomit up my scrambled eggs.” Fucner chuckles then winks at Cody.
Cody chuckles. “A black hairy tongue is tiny little bumps grown long on top of your tongue instead of shedding then bacteria grows on top of that creating the black nasty gross color. Poor oral hygiene, smoking, radiation therapy and medications can create that medical condition. Brush your teeth and tongue, O’honey,” winks at Fucner.
O’Hanlon forms a ring of smoke. “And if she gots coonie eyes, picks her boogers, sticks her finger in the ear, yawns, burps, hiccups or eye twitches then three stars come off.”
Skippy nods and smiles. “Thank you for that wonderful creative grading system, O’Hanlon.”
O’Hanlon nods and smiles. “Welcome, sir.”
The television blinks into life. The announcer smiles on the screen then presents the first girl. Female: tall, dark skin, dark hair, big breasts. She sits and smiles. “I am Miss Etitrea. I hail from the country of Africa, a waitress but I am studying pre law…”
O’Hanlon says. “Ten stars.”
Fucner smiles. “Number two, since Miss USA is number one always and forever in my book, heart, lap or dick…”
“Quiet, solider.” Skippy says.
The second female: short, olive skin, dark hair, small breasts. She says. “I am Miss Bishkek from the country of China. I attend college on scholarship funding while I study in pre-medicine…
O’Hanlon says. “Ten stars minus two. She sweats like me and gots some eye twitches.”
Fucner smiles. “Not on my naughty list,” chuckles.
The third female: tall, pale skin, blonde hair, small breasts. She says. “Hello, I am Miss Andorra from the country of France. I am a dancer during the nights and a student of engineering during the days…”
“Adorable darling, number two.” Fucner marks his form with the blue ink pen, grinning and chuckling.
Cody frowns at Fucner. “She ain’t got any big tits.”
Fucner wiggles his eyebrows at Cody. “She got a pretty face and a French girl.”
O’Hanlon says. “Ten stars, no minuses.”
The fourth female: tall, pale skin, dark hair, small breasts. She says. “I am Miss Holy See…”
“Holy shit, what country is Holy See at on the world map?” Cody frowns at the screen then whips out his mobile telephone along with Fucner and Islander.
O’Hanlon says. “Ten stars, no minuses.”
Cody says. “Holy See is a township of the Vatican in Rome, Italy,” frowns at the screen. “What’s she doing here in a beauty contest with these other girls?”
Skippy nods. “She is a representative of the Rome, Italy.”
Fucner frowns. “She’s a representative of the Vatican. I didn’t know the Pope had his own set of girls,” winks at Cody then laughs.
The fifth female: tall, pale skin, blonde hair, big breast. She says. “I am Miss Liechtenstein from the country of Switzerland. I am a computer nerd that plays the piano.”
O’Hanlon says. “Ten stars, no minuses.”
Cody frowns then views Fucner. Fucner laughs and shakes his skull.

1:13 pm. 211 Clinton Avenue. one-story red brick building.
Cody studies the set of double doors of glass then views the flat roof top of the one-story building, scratching his ass inside the military trousers. He turns and views the tail lights of the limousine driving away from the building onto the roadway. “Shit! This ain’t my luxurious hotel,” reads the paper. “211 Clinton Avenue,” reads the address of letters nailed into the red bricked building. “211 Clinton Avenue,” exhales. He nods. “Got the right address, wrong hotel,” turns and views the roadway. The limo is gone. He turns and studies the doors. “Okay, Captain Skippy, sir! But I carry concealed and ready to defend my ass, buddy,” exhales and turns the knob of the door. Cody reads the letter stating his new assignment following the directions. The directions lead down the hallway into the conference room number nine. He slowly paces down the dull light colored paint reflecting off the dark hallway walls from the sunny front doors of glass. The overhead lights hold burnt out bulbs slightly illuminated light from the dirty ceiling panels. Cody outlines the hand gun at the shoulder hostler with his right shooting hand for a fucking surprise attack, not being the assigned luxury hotel. “This is really weird-ass funny,” passes a set of closed doors on each side. He sees a single beam of light from an open archway. He stands in the archway. The room is rectangular shape. Cody grins and chuckles. “Hey, man!”
The room is rectangular with no windows. A round conference table decorates the middle of the room with padded chairs. The walls are newly painted stark white reflecting off the bright overhead lights.
Cody blinks his eyelids adjusting to the bright room. “What the fuck is going on here, Fucner? Islander?”
Fucner sits at the table playing on his mobile telephone, chuckles and smiles at the latest text from the new hot girl. He says. “Damn if I know, kid my limo driver didn’t spit in my face just drove right here then left my ass standing in the wind, without a pair of shades.”
Islander sits and scans the room, Fucner then Cody, without speaking. He exhibited the same behavior inside the conference room inside the Von Brown Center as a pageant judge.
Skippy shoves Cody into the room with his hand then walks to the side table without using the walking cane.  He stands and smiles, standing the walking cane on the floor. “Have a sit, Cody! Welcome, gentlemen! You are in the right spot if you’re wondering. The Von Brown Center is a multi-purpose facility equipped to accommodate major events from concerts to sporting events. There are the south, north, east exhibition halls, the playhouse, and concert hall, and the arena. We’re located off site in one of the ancient conference room from about 1970s for a specific purpose. I am fake like you too, however I am really named Admiral Skippy Lawson of the US Navy. You are really named Cody Mack, Rector Fucner and Islander Sloan. Each one of you had served at an agency of the US Federal Government yesterday. Today you are assigned to me. The purpose will be revealed and very valuable that I promise. Before I state our main objective I would like you to close your eyes,” scans the faces. “Including Fucner,” Fucner closes his eyelids. “I would like you to narrate your last assignment to your fellow co-workers in any form or fashion you see appropriately. Yes, I do have a purpose here. Who wants to tell us their demon tail?”
Cody clears his throat. “I am not a soldier in the Air Force military. I worked for the US Marshals before showing up here in Huntsville. The US Marshals purpose is to guard judicial representatives. I was guarding the only surviving person of the Ashmore family mass murders in Ironside when there was an assassination attempt on the guarded person. The guarded person was moved to a safe house. When I heard the snaps of twigs I decided to hide then scare the bastard who was threatening the girl. I was under the farm tractor after hearing the noise outside the cottage. However the bastard was a gang of bastards then the ground shook. Then the tractor shook dropping heavy metal parts over my legs trapping me, then I saw cottage explode into fire and flame. I passed out. The end.”
Skippy says. “Good, Cody.”
Islander exhales. “I worked for the FDA office in Birmingham. I was on a cold killer case of murdered children. I was at outside the FBI biological center when a bomb took out the entire complex including my partner and…and others.”
Fucner exhales with his eyelids closed. “I work for the IRS in B’ham too which seems to be common a geographical city here. I was guarding a girl who had embezzled money from one of the local hospitals. The safe house cabin blew into ashes and cinders without me. I was outside at my truck getting a damn paper letter, surviving the heat.”
Skippy nods. “I worked for the DIA, the Defense Intelligence Agency on assignment to investigate some art thieves in Bama. I was inside a cavern on a river when the scientific team was killed by a group of terrorists…”
“Terrorist!?” Cody opens his eyelids, studying Skippy.
Fucner opens his eyelids to Skippy. “Terrorists in Bama.”
Islander opens his eyelids to Skippy. “Terrorist cell is located here in Alabama.”
Skippy sits and nods. “Yes, I believe so. Do me another favor? I have the answer but I need confirmation from each one of you. What was your last pretty image of your guarded marker right before the explosion?”
Cody views the wall then Skippy. “Amber was wearing that silly big pretty crown.”
Islander drops his mouth. “Tatiana was wearing her crown too.”
Fucner views the wall then Cody. “Yes, I saw a crown too from the Miss Starlit…”
Skippy nods. “Yes, I believe the terrorist cell is targeting the Miss Starlit pageant,” slams the paper folder on the table from his briefcase. “Over the past ten years various Miss Starlit winners have died or maybe have been murdered, all in foreign countries as of last week. A foreign country treats a murder definitely then here in the US. Last week, you three witnessed three separate winners who all died from some type of explosive blast like a bomb killing everyone in the vacancy, except you. You are a batch of lucky bastards. That’s all I can say hay,” chuckles. 
Cody frowns. “So I supposed to die too.”
Skippy shakes his skull. “Yes, so what is the common factor between ya’ll three boys?”
Fucner nods. “We each saw a tiara from the winner of the Miss Starlit pageant.”
Skippy fingers him, nodding. “Bingo, Fucner is a dog today. Someone’s killing off the contestants for fun or money or both. We’re tracking his ass down and kiss the bastard goodbye. We start tonight each one takes an eight hour shift to watch the girls…”
Fucner smiles. I can watch naked or clothed beauties for 24 hours.”
Skippy chuckles. “Fucner gets the midnight shift.”
Fucner stands and twirls. “Yippy! Yummy! Yay! Girls, girls, girls, I love admiring beautiful girls. Fuck, fuck, fuck, I love fucking beautiful girls…more…more…more…”
Skippy frowns. “Shut up and sit down, solider. The second job is working the contestants with background checks, criminal checks, financial checks, former lovers, current boyfriends, and lesbian relationships, if it exists. Each girl has to be investigated at hundred percent. Someone works with SUSY-Q,” when Islander raises his palm. Skippy nods. “Islander is the man for the paperwork trail. My theory, one of the contestants is jealous and is killing all the girls for revenge or one of the losing contestants is more jealous and is killing all the girls. Either way, we got a jealous bitch out there. We have to identify and stop her before they crown the winner in two short days. Our job begins now, gentleman. We work all day and night with quick showers. I hate the smell of monkey buttholes. Quick meals, your individual hotel suite has a generous supply of food and deodorant. I mean it about the monkey butthole smells.”
Islander nods. “What about the two other true soldiers who are judges?”
Skippy nods. “They have legitimate roles in the pageant as the real judges. We’re the backup and good looking American warriors to find the killer and save the gawddamn world of beauties. This is an International Miss Starlit pageant, not an American one. The American one is later this year. We concentrate solely on our foreign visitors. Someone is planning a little firework explosion the night of the pageant at the winner or during one of the practices, maybe. I doubt it will be during the competition practice. The pageant direction has secured every exit, corner, and dark wall with his security people. So we are here to find and stop the killer…”
“Or we don’t get paid,” laughs Fucner.
Islander frowns. “And if we don’t, sir?”
Skippy nods. “The pattern of the killer is to seek out and kill the winner, so we have a chance to tag and bag her even after the pageant. But it could be too late as ya’ll have experienced. To complete my demon tale I get hit by flying bullet and saved by my body armor then fell into the river on top of the platoon boats. I swiftly floated away down stream while the terrorists killed everyone. When I investigated I too find a former Miss Starlit winner among the group of dead. I too survived by God’s grace and damn luck. Our mission is to save the Miss Starlit pageant. We all have been independently employed by the billionaire who owns the pageant. These world-wide beauty contests are extremely money profitable. Now if you want to back out you can. However I do believe each one of you are on medical leave from your employer. And I have some more badder news your employer the US Federal Government is not restating active duty for your old jobs. They being your co-workers are afraid of your mental condition. Therefore I accept you and your medical condition for this job. You will be rewarded very, very well. So well, you could retire and start a second career move,” smiles. “Do I have any rejects?”
“No, sir.” Islander says.
Fucner nods. “Naw.
“I stay.” Cody nods.
Skippy nods. “Excellent, I have my good team. This is a mission. The other two US military soldiers are real and really the pageant judges. On the final night of the pageant we will be acting like security guards scouting around the auditorium and back stage with the girls. Based on our current information which is not much, one of the girls might be the murderer. The other winner from foreign countries throughout the world died the next day after winning the pageant, therefore the contest was terminated there. The owner who is American has moved the international competition here in Huntsville mainly to catch and stop the killer. We have sophisticated technological facilities and cameras and microphones riding up every asshole in all fifty states.”
Fucner rubs his neck, frowning. “The VBC is a great big structure for four little men,” chuckles. “Excuse the pun! I think we need more soldiers, sir.”
“SUSY-Q,” Skippy yells when a shadow appears in the archway. He fingers the female shaped robot: tall, silver, two arms, two legs, a television head, girly metal body of 36, 24, 38.
SUSY-Q blinks with yellow and blue lines on the television head. “Good afternoon, gentlemen. I have prepared nourishment in the lunchroom for your pleasure before our mission begins.”
Skippy smiles at the robot. “This is our internal spy and prime resource scouting every single electronic component at the VBC, around the VBC, above the VBC and under the VBC. She has ears and eyes from the outer space satellites and approval of the US Federal government. She is a reject from NSI, the National Space Institution, where her circuits started costing them more than one billion dollars per day. She’s our newest team member. She’s a robot of slick sliver parts and components with zillions of neurons.”
Cody stands and fingers SUSY-Q. “She’s the biggest and prettiest piece of computer architecture that I’ve ever seen. In the computer world you have a hardware piece like your laptop and a software portion like your email app. The two work together for you to speak to the world with your fingers. In the business world there are many computers that connect many applications to run your business. In the computer architecture world when the computer and the application marry they are called a process, then a process turns into zillion processes which is a computer communication system. Her communication system is an infrastructure of invisible space, time, and data where messages, or data, or symbols, or math passes the datum to you, me, him, her and the other unfriendly or friendly users. Ya’ll see a computer is nothing but a finite set of step-by-step internal typed instructions within that slightly rectangular machine on your desk called an algorithm. An algorithm is a quantitative measurement in terms of mathematical sequences, when all the sequences work faster then solar flares shooting from the solar sun. You, as the user, can communicate with the entire world in milliseconds. She interacts with other computers using zillions of algorithms in a sequential load beside a parallel load of specific electronic commands in synchronization. She is the link, so to speak…”
Fucner frowns. “How many cells are inside your brain, son?”
Cody says. “The average brain holds 100 billion cells. Each brain cell connects to tens of thousands of other brain cells or neurons. The neurons are separated by tiny synapses. When a signal from the brain such-like a movement, a thought, a memory, a sensation or a feeling reaches the end of the nerve fiber it releases neurotransmitter which cross synapse into the other neuron. Brain cells live the longest within the body. Some parts of the brain grow new neurons as we grow older. The brain is still a marvel and mystery to scientists and physicians…”
“You’re a marvel and a mystery, son,” Skippy shakes his skull, laughing.
Islander chuckles, “‘Cause he gots 200 billion cells.”
Cody grins and hugs the robot. “I love you, SUSY-Q,” touches her body. “She’s soft and shiny with two slender arms, hands and four slender fingers too. She gots long legs shaped like a female. She needs some clothes thou. A southern belle shouldn’t be caught with her panties down,” chuckles.
“How old is he?” Fucner fingers the teen.
Skippy smiles. “Seventeen year old Cody Mack, I’m glad you approve of SUSY-Q. The current task is to investigate each participate in the pageant, find the killer, and kill her. No body parts or pieces please. Once we find her, we eliminate her. You will find that your individual bank account has a great big new money balance for this specific task. I hope no one has problem killing in cold blood today or tonight or tomorrow.”
Fucner whips out his mobile telephone, thumbing the keys for the bank account funds. “Naw, I like to kill terrorists and assholes that piss good folks off their rocking chairs.”
Cody nods. “Me too!” Islander nods.
Skippy claps and smiles. “Good, I need a body to work with SUSY-Q bleeding over the hard copy folders in the next room and the electronic ones with her.”
Islander frowns. “Sir, I’m not the leader. But each girl was interviewed and investigated or she would not be here today. These pageants examine every detail of the female’s life private, professional and public.”
Skippy nods. “Yes, they do. And we do too, since we’re better investigators and are looking for something that someone missed.”
Islander raises his hand. “I’ll can do the paper work,” when Skippy nods. 
Cody frowns. “I guess we don’t get to play with the girls.”
“Your wish comes true. We’re going to eat lunch, brunch, supper, and dinner with the girls flirting, giggling and drinking soda, not alcohol. There’re numerous events that require the judge’s attention selecting the proper Miss Starlit.”
Cody frowns. “But we are fake.”
“But we are fun too.” Fucner laughs.
“But we are finding a killer also. That means interaction with the killer and the innocent girls. Okay, smooth your jackets and feathers, boys we leave in the limo for lunch. Sorry, Islander you get to eat alone with SUSY-Q.”
Islander nods and grins. “Not a problem, I work best with a cold heart and a piece of cool metal.”
Skippy nods and stands. “We work all day and all night on this paid assignment. After dinner with the girls we meet right here for observations, comments, opinions, and reports. Get cracking, boys!”
They exit the room.

211 Clinton Avenue. conference room thirteen. 10:28 pm.
Cody stands and smiles in the archway, holding a beer.
Fucner frowns, sitting around the table. “How old are you, kid?”
“Old,” Cody sips down the beer then burps.
“Suck down the beer or give it to me, Cody. I’m too old for some jail time.” Skippy frowns then nods to him. “What have you found, Islander?”
Islander nods, sitting on the far end of the table. “You can call me, Is. Miss Madagascar is the fourth cousin twice removed of Miss Malagasy. Miss Kurunegala is a millionaire. Miss Dorchester is a dork who robbed a liquor store at the age of sixteen, twice. There’s nothing here almost all of the girls come from good families. All the girls want to improve their lives from their current shitty status. All the girls worked really hard on their talents and brains to get here in the Miss Starlit show. I don’t see any type of variance within the personal files.”
Skippy nods. “Please investigate the judges and the owner and his company next. I don’t think we’ll find anything there, but I don’t want to overlook any tiny snow fakes,” chuckles.
Fucner stands and smiles, slapping his chest. “Ya better start with me first. I have a mile of awards from certificates, ribbons, medals, trophies in sports and academics being a scholar…”
SUSY-Q drones in the archway. “Fucner, Rector graduated from Birmingham University with a GPA of 2.03…”
Cody nods and smiles. “On a 3.0 scale, that’s a low B letter grade.”
The robot drones. “On a 4.0 scale from Birmingham University, that is a very poor C letter grade, Mr. Fucner.”
Fucner frowns and fingers the robot. “I gots a big brain making me smarter than you, you…”
Cody chuckles. “Actually a big brain does not possess bigger complex mental thoughts or thinking processes. A good example, the caveman possessed big ole gray matter along with bigger body parts than Fucner. As humans have evolved from the cavemen species more of the cranial space is used for complex stuff like language, thinking and memory, except for Fucner,” chuckles with Skippy and Islander. “When Albert Einstein died in 1955, they saved his brain. Scientists discovered his brain matter was smaller than average but his parietal lobes were fifteen percent wider than normal. The parietal lobes link math abilities in the brain cells. The average brain weights three pounds…”
“The size of my dick…,” nods and grins Fucner.
Islander winks at Skippy. “Mine too, man.”
Cody says. “We’re the smartass creatures with a small brain. A sperm whale’s brain weighs 17 pounds. An elephant’s brain is ten pounds. An owl’s brain weighs .005 pounds. A bull frog’s brain is one-tenth of .005 pounds.”
Islander nods and smiles to the teen. “Cody’s parietal lobes are twenty-five percent wider than normal.”
“Thanks.” Cody nods. “Researchers have found the more you use your brain, the stronger it gets. You need to exercise by learning new skills or doing mental tasks connecting the 100 billion brain cells making ya…”
“Long and hard,” nods Fucner. “Yes, both in mind and dick proportions,” chuckles with Skippy and Islander.
Cody laughs. “A good night’s sleep allows your brain to store memories like driving a car and playing an instrument. A single night’s sleep activity processes and store our daily activities into permanent memories. Your brain weighs two percent of your body mass but it uses 25 percent your body energy. The brain cells are always active even sleeping.”
Islander laughs. “Sleep more, Fucner. Eat less, Fucner.
Cody nods. “Meditation might help to improve your IQ, Fucner,” when Fucner stands and growls at the little teen-ass.
Skippy smiles. “Sit down, Fucner.”
Cody nods and smiles at Fucner. “Studies showed that Buddhist monks who meditate have a big increase in brain concentration and decision making. And in the Bible you are supposed to meditate too, maybe God gives ya a burst of more neurons…”
“I’ll bust your nose, kid,” sneers Fucner.
Skippy chuckles. “Calm down, Fucner. Cody’s correct and cordial to entertain our cranial activity for the day while we permanently store this memory tonight during sleepy time.”
Islander laughs. “I’ll start with Fucner getting the insignificant minor fake judges out of my head lights, tomorrow morning.”

August 2nd. Friday.
10:24 pm. 211 Clinton Avenue. conference room thirteen.
Fucner and Cody slap each other on the back then chuckle entering the room.
Skippy smiles and sits in the chair watching the pair. “Ya’ll had some fun today.”
Islander frowns, tapping on the paper folder. “They had too much fun today.”
Fucner holds his hands apart, smiling. “Did ya see Miss…,” when SUSY-Q enters the room carrying a tray of food. The robot wears a short blue dress with the correct measurement for her girly metal body of 36, 24, 38.
Cody grins and sits with Fucner. Skippy nods to Islander. Islander says. “Each girl is cleaner than angel wings. They’re good citizens wanting to be Miss Starlit, save the planet and feed all the children and have a baby with a famous football quarterback…”
Fucner laughs. “Fuck, you’re lying.”
Islander says. “SUSY-Q verified all the data. I can’t find one demerit on any one individual beauty pageant contestant, skipper.”
Skippy nods. “Lay off, Fucner. The pageant conducts there own investigation too since the sponsors would sue or worse stop providing free stuff to the pageant. The pageant direction is very, very through and caution as well.”
Fucner frowns. “You sound like the winner has been picked,” when silence echoes in the room. He repeats with a frown. “You sound like the winner of the Miss Starlit has been selected, skipper.” Skippy nods. Fucner frowns. “Bullshit, this is a rigged pageant.”
Skippy nods. “No, the pageant direction picks the most desirable and smartest and beautifulest from all the girls with the most innocent background, not tainting the pageant’s image or insulting the public’s perception,” grins.
Cody laughs. “Spell beauitfulest for me, skipper,” chuckles. “B…e…a...”
Fucner exhales. “Then the angle of killing the contestants is mute they’re all innocent and good…”
Skippy says. “The billionaire, his friends, and his employees are the next investigation along with all the sponsors associated with the paper clips and toilet paper. Islander will do that too. Time for the interviewing each girl, Fucner and Cody you man your stations about the catwalk overlooking the audience, watch each girl for any strange or weird behavior then write her country name down. Is and SUSY-Q will double check her background then give to the FBI for further criminal and non-criminal investigation. I’ll be spying and observing each judge for some weird-ass comments or behavior too. Is and SUSY-Q will double check the judges’ backgrounds for any suspicious event also.”
Islander shakes his skull. “Nothing. Nada. Nice people with nicer big bank accounts, no dirty laundry hangs from their rooftops.”
Skippy nods. “We have checked every one’s butthole twice for nasty Santa. So that’s means the killer will do something during the pageant in front of the pretend television cameras and non-rolling video tapes inside the VBC. The billionaire owner does not want to be taped,” chuckles. “Tomorrow is the pageant. We sit behind the celebrity judges looking good, being quiet, and keeping our ears open and eyes blinking. Do not embarrass me, Cody…”
“Me!?” Cody giggles and winks at Fucner.
Skipper frowns at him. “Fucner?”
Fucner fingers Cody, laughing. “Him, the kid will do it with his kiddie way. I’m a good boy.”
Cody tosses the pencil at Fucner. “Bullshit with big ugly flies.”
Skippy nods. “The winner has been selected. Ya’ll just look good and wipe your mouths from drooling, occasionally.”
“I can do that,” laughs Cody.

August 3rd. Saturday
Miss Starlit Pageant
211 Clinton Avenue. conference room thirteen. 4:03 pm.
The conference round table has been replaced with a teacher desk and four student writing tables as Skippy sits at the teacher desk, sipping on the drink.
Cody stands at the archway, scanning the room, holds a beer. “Where’s O’honey?”
Skippy stands in front of the teacher’s desk then hands out a sheet piece of paper to each judge. “He’s sick. I give my permission to go home and rest,” walks around then sits at the desk, smiling. “Please sit and suck down that beer that Fucner give ya, Cody. Fucner, do not indulge the minor teen. Okay, I have a fun task while we wait for our début presentation at the Miss Starlit pageant this evening. The show will begin in about one hour. I promise we will be finished by then.”
Cody sits, reading the form then giggles. “What the fuck is this? Do you have extra nipples? Naw, hell,” laughs with the others.
Skippy smiles. “In keeping with good humor and poor taste would you care to show me your only two nipples on your teen chest, Cody?”
Fucner frowns. “Why in the hell would he do that? I won’t do that for a billion ducks or bucks or does or…”
Skippy taps the pencil on the paper. “This is a fun and creative exercise to blow off time before we ride to the more exciting girly show.”
Cody shakes his curls. “Not good enough, what’da I get for showing my nakedness?”
“Money.” Skipper nods and smiles.
“I gots money,” Cody chuckles and shakes his curls.
“A date with the newly crowned Miss Starlit,” nods and grins Skippy.
Fucner frowns and shakes his skull. “Stop bullshitting the teen-ass, skipper. No one knows the winner of the pageant tonight unless...”
“Unless you are me,” Skippy nods and grins. “I know the winner. She is Miss Andorra…”
Fucner drops his mouth and gasps, “The pretty French girl.”
“The pretty French girl,” nods and grins Skippy. “If you win my silly little game I promise an evening with the new Miss Starlit at eleven o’clock until sunrise tomorrow morning in her private hotel room. But ya gotta leave at five in the morning.”
Cody flips his hand, grinning. “Fuck naw, I don’t believe him.”
Fucner stands ripping off his jacket.” I do wanna a piece of that ass.”
Cody frowns at Fucner. “What...what the hell are you doing, Fucner?”
Fucner removes his shirt too, grinning as Skippy chuckles with Islander. Alvin swings his face frowning at Fucner. Skippy chuckles and fingers. “I do believe Rector wants the late evening through sun rise with Miss Andorra...”
“Ah, naw!” Cody stands, ripping off his US military jacket then the shirt exposing his naked chest. “She gots no tits, Fucner. You said that you liked big breasts. Your top fifteen were big tits.”
Fucner stands in semi-nakedness flexing his biceps as Islander and Skippy laugh. Fucner grins. “She gots a tight ass and pretty in her face and tall,” chuckles. “She’s taller than Alvin.”
“I wanna to fuck her.” Cody frowns.
“I wanna fuck her so’s best man wins the prize,” Fucner plays with his nipple. “One, two I got two nipples. See, no more. I got question one, correct.”
Skippy nods and writes on the paper. “Okay, Fucner won the first question…”
Cody drops his mouth. “What the fuck? I stripped naked too. See, my two nipples, not many or extra or three or four…,” fondles his nipple, giggling.
Skippy raises the pencil. “I have two challengers.”
Fucner kicks his boot toe at the school desk holding him. “Get your ass up, Alvin. Be a man and play the manly game too,” views Islander. “Islander is too proper to participate in a redneck reindeer game.” Islander nods and smiles.
Cody dances his hips side to side in a standing position, smiling. “I gots additional information, skipper. Additional information should count towards the winner of each posed question too.”
“Ah, naw! Ah naw, now!” Fucner taps his jacket for his mobile telephone then whips it into his face. He thumb-types for more information, since the teen-ass is too smart for his dull neurons.
Cody whips out his mobile telephone accessing the internet as the room quiets.
Cody stands behind his writing desk like Fucner. Islander sits at his writing table, chuckling and winking at Skippy. Skippy taps on the paper, winking and chuckling at Islander. Alvin exhales with a sad frown watching the television monitor with silver and black static until time to leave for the pageant.
Cody reads his mobile telephone. “Some folks have more than two nipples. One percent of female do and two percent of males,” pauses. “That’s twice, not nice,” chuckles and nods. “The extra nipple is smaller than the regular one showing up on the shoulders or legs like a wart or mold,” views Fucner, narrowing his eyelids. “Fuck, Fucner gots a mole on his chest or three nipples on his chest…”
Islander smiles, fingering Cody, nods. “Shit, he wins it all,” chuckles with Cody and Skippy.
Fucner growls and reads the mobile telephone. “I don’t got no moles, mole-turd.”
Cody laughs and reads his mobile telephone. “The extra nipples can form on the forehead or foot for a fucking ugly girl or guy. I win ‘cuz that I do not got any fucking extra nipples on my face or chest like fucking Fucner.”
Skippy nods. “Cody’s still the winner.”
Fucner raises his palm, chuckling. “Hold the judgment, the areola or the dark skin around your nipple can possess a few small hairs. If the hair bothers her licking motion then clip them with a pair of small scissors. Don’t pluck or shave the hairs or it will cause ingrown hairs or infection around your nipples,” chuckles.
Skippy laughs and nods. “Fucner’s the new winner.”
Cody shakes his curls, laughing. “Ah naw, I gots a better info-sex advice. Nipple orgasms, playing with your nipples with fire up the nerves inside the areola, creating some great self-fucking excitement.”
Skippy laughs and nods. “Cody’s the new winner.”
Alvin chuckles. “A breast is an organ with the sole purpose of producing milk for a baby, rednecks. A female has lobules inside her breast that carries the milk to the nipple. Note: males don’t have lobules or breastfeed any baby creature. When are we leaving for the pageant, Skippy?”
 Skippy chuckles and fingers. “Alvin is the new winner.”
“Hell, no!” Fucner shakes his skull. “I gots an outstanding one. A female breast weighs between five and seven pounds…”
“My dick weighs twelve ounces,” smiles Islander. “I think Fuck-it means to use the tiny measurement of ounces, not pounds.”
“Fuck you, Is!” Fucner frowns. “A female breast full of milk weights 17 ounces, over one pound,” smiles. “Jeezus, I wanna suck on a pregnant beauty queen’s tits.”
“They don’t exist in this or any other beauty pageant, Fucner.” Islander laughs. “The girls are single and non-pregnant as stated by the contest rules, dumbass,” chuckles with Cody.
Skippy laughs and fingers him. “Alvin is still the winner.”
Cody tosses his arm holding his mobile telephone with the other hand, frowning with frustration. “Naw, sagging tits are the result of getting old. As your breast tissue ages it loses firmness and elasticity making them twin babies droop down to the floor, mama,” fist-bumps with Fucner.
“The winners are both Cody and Fucner.” Skippy laughs and nods.
Alvin smiles. “Females are not happy with their breast tissues. Breast augmentation is the number one cosmetic surgical procedure in the US. Breast implants have increased by 37 percent. Breast lifts have grown by 70 percent.”
Cody chuckles. “I love any size of tits big, small, tiny, medium…”
Skippy chuckles. “Cody wins question number one.”
Fucner frowns. “Fuck it,” leans over the desk, reading out loud the next type question. “Is it normal for my penis to hang to one side?” laughs with the others. He wipes his eyes with tears of humor, viewing Cody. “What side does your dick hang, boy?”
Cody laughs then zips down his trousers. He bends his kneecaps then peeks into his briefs, smiling. “My penis is shriveled up like a dead worm now. Let’s see, my right testicle is a little bigger than the left. The left ball hangs a little lower than the right one.” 
“Ah, shit! I’m normal too,” Islander stands, bending his kneecaps, shakes his legs. He peeks into his briefs unzipping his trousers at the waistline. He does not drop them to his ankles like Cody and Fucner.
Fucner smiles. “I am beautiful, babe. I hang so pretty and pink to the right to the left to the right to the left...”
Skippy laughs and nods. “It’s a three way tie for question number two.”
Islander reads the third question then laughs. “When did you have your first erection, Fucner?”
Fucner tosses his arms rotating his hips, smiles at his penis. “I’m having one now with all the dirty sex talk and then like when I was nine years old with Mary Lou Gordon in the third grade playground behind the water well house. The two of us roamed four hands inside our underwear,” winks at Cody. “Top that hot shot!”
Skippy chuckles. “You’re a slow sucker, Fucner. The answer is at the age of twelve months or one year old.”
Fucner drops his mouth. “What the fuck? I jacked off at one year old in my mama’s hands. That’s just wrong, so wrong, so wrong…”
Cody reads his mobile telephone. “Boys are born with full erections. You can see them in the ultrasound inside the mother’s womb. Yee-haw, I’m a male-stub at gestation. A male baby can erect during a diaper change too,” laughs with the others.
Skippy nods and laughs. “Cody wins the third question.”
Cody nods and smiles reading his mobile telephone. “The average length of an erect penis is seven to nine inches.”
Islander smiles. “Cody got the right mathematical measure. Fucner dreams in his nasty imagination then says shit thinking he be appearing like them Titan god portions on Earth.”
Cody says. A lot of guys like Fucner think they’re smaller than normal.”
“Fuck it, Cody!” Fucner growls.
“Calm down, Fucner.” Skippy laughs.
Cody chuckles. “The viewing angle from above, below or sideways tells everything. If you look down at your erected dick and it looks stubby and smaller than Fucner’s,” chuckles with the others, when Fucner sneers. Cody grins. “When a male has an obsession of smallness it’s called penile dysmorphic disorder like when girls think they look fat, they have anorexia.”
Islander smiles. “How long does your penis erection last, Fucner?”
Fucner stands in his boxer brief with his trousers at his ankles, viewing the ceiling then Islander. “About three hours and twenty minutes…”
“Only if a spider bit his dick then got its fang stuck into the skin,” Cody chuckles.
“A cold shower can reduce the swelling, sir.” Islander laughs.
“Or climbing stairs will draw the blood away from your erected penis, boy.” Skippy winks.
Fucner wiggles his shoe in the air, chuckling. “Ya know the bigger a male’s feet, the longer the dick. How big’s your foot, without the boot toe, Cody?”
Cody chuckles. “Wrong, the size of your dick has no direct relationship to the size of your foot, hand, finger, nose or snotty booger, Fucner. If you’re overweight, ya can’t see your dick hidden by the fat of your beer billy belly.”
Islander reads his mobile telephone with the internet information too. “So, to make your dick look bigger, lose some weight or get some immediate medical surgery, Fucner. A single surgery procedure makes your penis longer, thicker and juicy,” chuckles with the others.
Skippy laughs. “Is wins the question.”
Fucner fingers Islander. “Ah naw, Is ain’t even almost naked like me and Cody. Take off your pants, Is.”
Islander says in a sissy girly tone. “I am not that kind of girl, sir,” winks at Cody. “Hit me up tomorrow, Cody. You’re cute as a bug compared to the thirty something mushy marshmallow man.”
Fucner frowns. “Mushy marshmallow man, I have ten erections when I sleep and dream fucking numerous pretty chicks.”
Islander reads the questions, laughing. “Do you masturbate?”
Fucner nods and smiles. “Every time I see a female easing that great big pain, sir.”
“Cold shower would help that problem too.” Islander smiles.
Skippy nods. “Walking the stairs also…”
Alvin smiles. “Masturbation is not a healthy motion for your penis and tiny sperms, gentlemen. Intercourse allows the semen to flood voluminous with healthy sperm during vigorous sex acts from the Medical Journal of Science, issue 14, page 32...”
Fucner frowns at Alvin’s rear skull. “Who the hell talks like that intercourse? Men have sex with sexy girls doing sexy acts…”
Skippy chuckles. “Last question?”
“Who’s winning the date with the French girl? The answer’s me,” Cody smiles, slapping his chest.
Skippy nods. “Ya’ll are tied, so listen very carefully. Who gots goose bumps on the shaft of your penis or balls?”
Cody peeks at his balls. “I do.”
Fucner grins. “Me, too.”
Islander views his penis, smiling. “I do not. The tiny bumps are rings of pimples or ingrown hairs. Lots of males have them like them unsanitary boys on my right. If you possess them around the head of the penis it is called pearly penile papules or PPP,” chuckles.
Fucner dances. “PPP, too.”
Cody dances. “PPP to you.”
Fucner clap and dances. “PPP to UUU, too.”
Cody laughs., “PPP to UUU, too and DDD too, too.”
Skippy chuckles. “Do you have bumps on your dick, Alvin?”
Alvin smiles. “No.”
Fucner leans into Cody. “Is the man with a sissy name a homo in disgust and disguise?”
Cody frowns. “I…”
Alvin smiles at the television screen. “Did you know that babies are born without kneecaps? The babe inside the womb has a kneecap of cartilage that becomes bony later in life. On girls, the kneecaps become boney at the age of three years old. Boys, it is at the age of four years old. There’s a great big distinction between a boy and a girl from the birth conception created by God.”
Islander smiles. “A dog has two kneecaps located in the hind legs. Like humans, dogs can have knee problems. A dog can tear the tissue supporting the knee by jumping off the sofa with a bad landing.”
Skippy smiles, standing and bouncing on his knees. “Protect your knees by warming up stretches or walking before a sports game. If the large muscle in the front of the thigh is tight, the kneecap gets pushed up against the thighbone. Tight muscles force your muscles to work harder causing pain.”
Fucner frowns. “O skipper, what ya doing walking around without your walking cane?”
Skippy says. “Sometimes my knees pop or crack, my old ligaments tighten when I move…”
The television screen blinks into life. O’Hanlon inside the wheelchair on the pageant stage smiles beside the young girl. The young girl handles the sparkling tiara with her naked hands placing on top of the blonde hair of the young child as the audience claps and stands. The blonde headed child smiles and waves with excitement, being the first princess of the night of the Miss Starlit Pageant.
Cody frowns at the screen. “Hey, there’s a kid on the pageant stage of the VBC. Why’s there a kid there on stage? I thought the competition was only for adult international sexy girls. That’s not a beauty queen, but a child princess at age seven, seven years old in a beauty pageant...”
“A southern belle requirement, mama shoves her tiny kid into the pageant after she has shitted her first turd inside the diapers, which mama quickly cleans out before the crowning event, making her both pretty and precious. This is a beauty competition from ages three to twenty-three for all pretty and precious females,” Alvin smiles at the television screen.
Cody views his mobile telephone reading the information and sharing. “Children, the Starlit Princess is for little baby girls from age one to seventeen.”
Skippy stands in front of Alvin then whips out his hand pistol. He aims at Alvin’s face for his shitty fun, laughing. “There’s the diamond between the curved wires of metal sitting on the first winner of the Miss Starlit pageant. Ya missed an opportunity of a life time, jewelry thief. No fucking matter, you can fuckingly steal anything and everything inside one of Alabama’s bestest prisons, if you live long enough to steal.”
Cody frowns then stomps towards the screen. “O gawd, the tiara’s the trigger. The radiating metal flakes inside the crown hair band are capturing the electronic particle beams from O’Hanlon’s electronic wheelchair. His chair’s composed to tiny electronic impulses bombarding the air waves, invisible to the naked eye,” fingers the screen. “Toss up the electronic grid of the VBC, SUSY-Q. See the red waves drift down from the ceiling. My gawd, the bombs are housed on the ceiling and under the flooring. See the red wave pattern drift down from the ceiling and up from the floor, when the blue and red collide. Boom!” Fucner kisses his mobile telephone to his face, when the tiara explodes her eyeballs fly into the air along with chucks of her head. The body wobbles side to side then falls into the crowd as a series of explosions sound producing colorful fires. The doors slam shut with a deep thud as the audience and contestants scream trapped inside the fire then the television turns into silver and gray static.
Cody drops his mouth. “Shit!”
Fucner drops his mouth. “Fuck!”
Islander drops his mouth. “Damn!”
Alvin smiles and sits at the desk, saying calmly. “I’m a judge and a solider. Do you remember, Skippy?”
Skippy smiles. “I’m the military solider who carry live weapons. Get up, son!”
Alvin smiles inside the chair. “I like it here.”
Cody zips his pants then stomps, standing beside Alvin, sneers. Skippy orders. “Don’t kill him, Cody!”
Cody slaps Alvin on the collar bone, growling. “I ain’t going to kill the bastard. I’m going to stretch his gawd damn neck. Ya want to be six, four. Right, shorty?”
Fucner lifted and zipped his pants. He currently stands on the other side of Alvin, shaking the chair. “Get up, kid!”
Skippy says. “Do not harm him, Fucner!”
Fucner growls. “I only wanna see him die and then ascend into hell...”
Islander zips his pants and growls. “I wanna give a nose bleed then a bloody beating following, skipper.”
Alvin slowly stands holding his arms, swings to him, winking. “Rector Fucner, I bet no one teased you or if they did you just beat the shit out of them. Or ya fucked his dick…”
Fucner drops his mouth. “I ain’t gay.”
Islander nods. “Alvin is gay.”
Alvin mouth spits with fury. “I am not gay. I am a man.”
Skippy hovers his hand over Alvin’s hair roots, nodding. “Yes, the right height,” entwines his fingers around Alvin’s raised hand, nodding. “Yes, the right grip,” leans into Alvin’s lips, nodding. “Yes, the right smell. Dorothy wanted revenge for not winning Miss Starlit when Amber defeated the bitch fair and square for envy. Let’s see, what are the seven deadly sins lust, avarice, envy, pride, sloth, gluttony and wrath…”
“You represent pride.” Islander frowns with annoyance at Alvin.
“Dorothy’s envy worked better than her monetary compensation along with the bomb inside the cavern leaving nothing but more ribbed and ribbon body parts paying for her sex change operation,” says Skippy.
Alvin sneers. “Every gender reassignment costs money, lots of money as $100,000 in US dollars, not counting the physical deformations that needed correcting. The medical problems that needed serviced and the many patient visits to the team of US physicians along with the rental apartment and a private nurse to care for a disabled gal, but it was all worth it, the new me.”
Fucner shoves Alvin on the shoulder. “How big’s your dick, girlfriend?”
Alvin giggles. “Big enough to fuck your asshole, boyfriend!”
“Created a Yankee accent from a Southern twang. Colored your brunette to dirty blonde, salon tanned your body from bright pale to light bronze and even added colored eye contacts of blue to cover your once pretty hazel pupils but can’t change your height..,” nods Skippy.
Cody shoves Alvin on the shoulder blade too. “A steel rod up the spine will do the trick, buddy. Lemme me add them suckers, without any anesthesia grow ya to my height, if ya don’t mind, Dr. Skippy,” fist-bumps with Fucner, chuckling with an evil tone.
Fucner frowns at him. “How da ya know, Is?”
“If it walks and talks like a duck, it must be a girl.” Cody chuckles.
Islander smirks and nods. “Ya should’ve gotten acting lessons, instead of voice lessons, Dorothy. Men strut. Girls priss. Alvin acted more like a sissy high school girl then the hot sexy female I fucked last night.”
“Can’t change your weight! Dorothy was five feet and three inches already on the slender side, then with the direct substitution of male hormones burning all the womanly fat away it made her more skinny like a puppy runt in the dog litter,” chuckles Skippy.
“Can take the woman out the bod but not the woman out of the man…,” chuckles Cody.
Skipper sneers. “Take SUSY-Q, see if you can help the victims at the VBC, boys. I stay with the girl-man.”
The overhead lights fleck off then the building shakes. The explosion rocks the building when the lights turn white then black. Fucner hits the wall then the floor. Alvin smirks then falls onto the floor crawling out the door. Skippy falls against the teacher desk hitting his back muscles then wobbles to stand, shaking his head from the dizziness. The overhead lights brighten again when the building stops shaking. Cody, islander, and Fucner wobble then stand, exiting the room.
Skippy clears his vision then chases after Alvin.
Alvin runs down the hallway skipping over broken ceiling plaster.
Skippy slowly walks out the room wiping blood from his bitten lip.
Alvin can’t escape from the building through the rear doors. The doors are locked and maybe damaged from the earthquake of the bomb explosion at the VBC campus. His team is driving towards the VBC campus to assist, if possible.
The old building structure is both a tornado evacuation site and radiation bunker for a nuclear blast and other emergency center for a disaster with modern day equipment.

Lunchroom.
Skippy chases Alvin into the lunchroom when the overhead lights blink into darkness then into dull light. Skippy slams into the rotating lunchroom door with his face, grabbing his bloody nose, moans and falls to the floor. The door swings backwards.
Alvin giggles then dashes deeper into the darkness of the room then tumbles over the sliding table. He hits the floor then slowly wobbles to stand. The table soars towards the wall.
Skippy stumbles through the rotating doors when the table hits Skippy. Skippy tumbles to the side then hits the wall seeing darkness then two figures standing in the middle of the room.
A short male stands in front of Alvin then squats. Alvin stares down at his hair roots. The short male smirks, saying with a soft timbre. “Your kneecap is called the patella, a small bone in front of your knee. Four bones come together at your knee, the thighbone, the shinbone, the calf bone and the kneecap. It connects the muscles to the bone and other muscles using ligaments. As you bend and straighten your leg, your kneecap gets pulled up and down,” pauses. “Your knees are the largest joints in the body. Each time you walk the force of your knees is six times greater than your weight. Being overweight increases the stress on your knees, this is not good,” he stands and smiles. “Take a knee,” he kicks Alvin in the stomach. Alvin bends forwards, not falling on to the floor. The short male says. “That’s a called quarterback kneel in a football game to protect the football as the clock runs out of time to win the event game. You did not win the game for me, Alvin.”
Alvin moans in pain and holds his guts, “Brone.”
Brone smiles, slamming the hammer into the knee, when Alvin falls to the floor. “Does your knee pop all the time? If your knee hurts when it pops you need to see a physician immediately.” Alvin screams and cuddles his busted kneecap as Skippy watches. Brone smiles, “Maybe you should work in a job that reduces the swelling around the kneecap like a pilot or a nurse. A plumber is the worse worker for getting an inflamed sac around the kneecap. Gardeners too have this problem such as wrestlers, football and basketball players. You’re too short for a basketball player, Alvin,” chuckles. “Maybe, your next job you can wear protective gear on your knees like kneepads. Or visit with an orthopedic surgeon for your blown kneecap. Ortho surgeons perform more than 600,000 knee replacement surgeries per year. The number is expected to grown to three million by the year 2030,” stands and smirks at Alvin. He whips out the hand pistol. “However, you will not live to see the year 2030,” exhales. “I’ll miss you, shebo,” fires the single bullet into Alvin, when the body hits the hard tile. Brone smiles then walks to Skippy. Skippy raises both hands in self defense, blooding over the flooring as Brone smiles. “Today is not your day to die, sir. Enjoy your evening,” exits the lunchroom.
Skippy slumps to the floor hearing the emergency sirens.

August 5th. Monday.
211 Clinton Avenue. conference room thirteen. 9:01 am. hot. humid. no rain. no clouds. 87°F
Cody stands in the archway, holding the beer, smiles. “Good morning, guys!”
“In the morning, Cody…,” Fucner frowns.
Islander exhales. “Is it a good morning? Are we still employed by the skipper and his secret sugar mama? I like being a FDA agent but this secret spy stuff is funner along with my new big bank account. I can get used to this type of butt thinking and baby sitting work,” fist bumps with Fucner.
Fucner smiles, seeing the robot occupy the archway. “SUSY-Q, can ya round up us hungry men a pot of coffee and an array of breakfast items from cereal to muffins. Thank you.”
The robot drones. “Yes, sir, Mr. Fucner.”
Fucner exhales. “Why does she call Is, Mr. Islander; Cody, Mr. Cody; Skippy, Captain Skippy and then me Mr. Fucner, not Mr. Rector…”
Islander laughs. “Someone enjoys fucking your ass, Fucner and has excellent computer hacker skill like my young teen Cody…”
Cody walks towards the robot, pulling off his T-shirt then wrangles it around the robot’s body. “Wait, she can’t be roaming around naked,” chuckles. He pulls off his belt then bucks it around her waist, nodding. “Now, SUSY-cutie is a decent sweet southern belle. You can leave now, darling.”
The robot drones. “Thank you, Mr. Cody,” then it exits the room, when they laugh.
Islander taps on the paper folder, exhaling. “I have more information on Brone. Brone Angel, I’m not joking. His name’s registered as an illegal alien in the great State of Alabama here in Huntsville. Brone is an independent vendor under the company name of Heavenly Incorporated,” moans with the others. “He’s created a website where an average citizen in the USA or anyone living on Planet Earth can measure the invisible outer space pings or OSP from the outer space radiation bombarding the human body during the day or night. The website is updated in real time, every minute of the day or night,” when SUSY-Q enters the room holding a tray. She places the tray on the conference table as the soldiers gather beverages and food. Islander says. “SUSY-Q, please access the web site called Heavenly Incorporated then read us the contents,” eats then chews.
The robot projects the image on the white wall. “I am displaying the web site with blue, yellow, and green cosmic clouds and the words in white read Heavenly Incorporated in the middle of the screen. Heavenly Incorporated has created a website where an average citizen in the USA or anyone living on Planet Earth can measure the invisible outer space pings or OSP from the outer space radiation bombarding the human body during the day or night. The website is updated in real time, every minute of the day or night. The robot drones. “Outer space radiation comes from space. The outer space radiation comes down from outer space by gravity then swirls around the human body, whizzing by, and pinging against the delicate human epidermis, not like a dust storm. The outer space radiation particles are invisible.
Fucner laughs and spits food particles. “The robot likes the web site too.”
The robot drones. “The outer space radiation exposure is not like a tiny stone pebble or a speck of dirt but the risk to the human body is the ions of radiation dots that do not bounce off the human epidermis. The ions zing through the human body leaving a trace of damage to your DNA strand. The ions of radiation is composed of tiny bits and pieces of atoms flung off from the aftermath of supernovas which is composed of proton atoms of hydrogen. These ion particles travel around your galaxy at the speed of light and then hit your body…”
Cody frowns. “Enough with outer space SUSY-Q, do you have anymore information about the web site?”
The robot drones. “The OSP devise is a sophisticated ionized particle collector. One unit of an absorbed dose of ionized radiation particles is equal to one millirad. The normal set of background radiation particles in the United States of America or the world vary from 50 to 200 millirads depending upon the city or country where you reside…”
Fucner laughs. “It’s a $1.29 nail brush that my daddy used to clean the dirt from his nails after plowing the back forty acres of cotton…”
The robot drones. “One unit of an absorbed dose of ionized radiation particles is equal to one millirad. The normal set of background radiation particles in the United States of America or the world vary from 50 to 200 millirads depending upon the city or country where you reside. A typical medical chest radiology x-ray is 8 millirads. A typical hip medical radiological x-ray is 20 millirads. A typical medical cat scanning of the head is less than one millirad…”
“Because humans ain’t got my matter to scan anyways…,” chews Fucner, viewing the wall with the web site.
The robot drones. “A typical medical cat scanning of the abdomen is 3.5 millirads. A typical medical radiology scan of 100 millirads during pregnancy will lead to the death of the embryo…”
Cody says. “We got it SUSY-Q. Skip the millirad counts. What else is there?”
The robot drones. “A human body can absorb 360 millirads during a solar year and be considered safe and sound on Planet Earth. I am displaying the attached OSP detector map for the world,” the wall changes and then shows the countries of the world with red dots and numbers. The robot drones. “The red dot is over your city or country translates into the number of deadly radioactive ions above and beyond the safety level possible for human survival. If your OSP pings are higher than 360 in your designated city or country you should concern moving to another lower radiation level on Planet Earth…”
Cody frowns at the map. “Why does Austin, Texas have a measurement of nine pings of OSP?”
The robot drones. “The University of Texas in the city of Austin operates a nuclear reactor for research purposes at the academic campus among 1.7 million people…”
Cody frowns. “Wait a minute, a nuclear reactor…”
The robot drones. “One of the first experiences of nuclear blasting and radiation fallout was a remote island in the South Pacific called Bikini Island where the hydrogen bomb was exploded. The island was vacated by all the inhabitants then the US blew a big hole in the center of it and then turned an island into an atoll.”
Islander chuckles and nods. “The entire shoreline of the west coast of the USA is another time bomb waiting and watching to explode with the constant Jet Stream blows up and then down radiation particles from the meltdown of the Fukushima Nuclear Plant. Did ya know that the Fukushima government has created an electronic track map of the radiation particles that are heading California?”
Fucner chews. “The elevation of land affects the distribution of the radioisotopes which in turn will affect the entire world supply of viable crops then our food chain. Think about that one?”
Cody frowns at the wall. “Wait a minute…,” pulls his mobile telephone, thumb-typing, chews his food.
Fucner laughs and spits food particles. “His favored phrase for the morning.”
Islander chews. “This is all bullshit. I learned in my seventh grade physical science class that Planet Earth has a defense mechanism protecting us earthlings on the Bama soil from any invisible impacting radiation ions. Earth’s magnetic field pushes away the particles or blocks them from coming into our atmosphere. 
The robot drones. “When the outer space radiation ions collide into the human body the atoms break apart exposing more radiation energy. As each ion collides then break the atom the radiation ion become more dangerous to the human body. The ions do not stop coming…
Cody frowns and fingers the wall. “The OSP ping map is nothing but a set of present nuclear sites of radiation monitoring radiation stations throughout the USA. And environmental radiation comes from two sources: the earth’s crust, air, and outer space…”
“That’s three sources, redneck,” laughs Fucner.
Cody fingers the wall. “
The robot drones. “The best example of radiation risk is during space flights into outer space. When an astronaut is exposed to 15 millirads he develops cataracts which are permanent changes in the lens of the human eyeball…”
“Cut that shit off,” says Fucner as SUSY-Q stands against the wall in silence and static on her television head.
Islander shakes his skull, drinking. “What a joke?”
Fucner laughs. “A heavenly joke…”
Skippy stands in the archway, grunting. Islander smiles. “Morning, skipper. How ya feeling today?” Skippy grunts then walks using the walking cane. “You shouldn’t fool Mother Nature ya know,” laughs.
Fucner smiles. “Is that walking cane real this time?”
Skippy limps to the table then sits, “I need it today,” grunts and grins. “Thanks for breakfast, I need that too,” fills his plate with food and a cup of coffee.
Islander drinks the coffee then says. “Why did Brone save you or not save you, skipper?”
Skippy exhales, tapping on the hot coffee cup. “I owe each one of you an explanation, well a reading from Alvin’s personal diary,” pulls the paper folder from his briefcase, exhales. “I do not know why he kept one maybe for revenge or money for a raining day,” opens the paper folder. “Brone commanded me to cooperate being impressed with the damn lucky Bama boys. Each one of them somehow survived the encounter with Brone’s arranged accidents,” scans the shocked faces then reads out loud. “The US Federal Government Internal Revenue Service came to the rescue, finding the wrong criminal, capturing the wrong criminal, hiding the wrong criminal and then covering up the right criminal’s boot toes, a brilliant plan from the get-go with the exception of one heated body. Rector Fucner was leaning inside his pickup truck when the inner guts of the cabin violently imploded shredding the bodies into mulch. Moody remembered to bring the portable bomb but forget the mobile phone then meshed his fingers into the bomb’s remote control accidentally before exiting the cabin, a true dumbass to the end. I told Brone as much but Brone needed the gem stone from the Starlit crown. Good thing, semi-precious metals are indestructible. Cody Mack lost his way from the farm cottage towards his pickup-truck missing the final fireworks of the burnt body parts,” views Islander, saying. “Tatiana, your daddy, and the other unlucky FBI agents were in the wrong place at the wrong time, Is. Your best friend saved your life,” Islander nods.
Cody frowns. “Who’s your best friend?”
Islander stares at the wall. “My dog Lester must’ve smelled the explosive chemicals drifting along the air waves when he was outside peeing. He blocked the front doors then the doors exploded over him. Lester covered me saving my life after thirteen months of hospital bed wetting and nasty rehab from a nasty girl with a crooked nose…”
Skippy grunts. “I do work for the US Navy and a spy for the USA, when necessary. I was working on an international jewelry ring. Gem stones had been stolen for the past two years throughout the continents of Europe and Asia which was being tracked to an archeology team who was headed by Dorothy and who was highly suspicious of USA treason. My job was to prove it. So you guessed right, I failed. I tried to fuck Alvin when she was Dorothy, two years ago. She was a lesbian when we entered the cave, where she supposedly died then reemerged as Alvin after her sex change operation. Yes, I knew of Brone too before the deadly murder. He killed Dorothy or Alvin or the man-woman thing. I didn’t recognize Alvin until too later. Alvin came up as a classified red flag in my face during my personal investigation. A classified military officer does not go beauty pageants or appear on television programs. Period. SUSY-Q had one hell of time, not finding out about Alvin. I did some telephone calls, not finding out about Alvin. I called the Mississippi governor, not finding out about Alvin. I called the pageant direction, not finding out about Alvin, either. The pageant billionaire and director both accepted his demon tale on face value with the dangling medals, the nice smile, and the nicely parted hair. Then I ordered Islander to miss lunch with the beauty babes…”
Islander nods. “I investigated every living and breathing life form under our asses connected with the Miss Starlit pageant but the war warriors. O’Hanlon was the real thing even I couldn’t deny his glory and pain.”
Skippy exhales then frowns. “Yes, our government figured it all out after the Ashmore funerals then I used each one of you plus me…”
Cody exhales. “I’m been played.”
Fucner sours. “We all have been played, Cody.”
Islander views Cody and Fucner, nodding with a serious face. “I don’t like being played by either party, but I don’t like criminals inside my playground with me. I’ll gladly be played again if I can save more Americans.”
“Fucking hell!” Cody nods with food and tosses his hand with the fork.
Fucner nods. “I love America too.”
Skippy says. “Dorothy simply a) wanted revenge payback for losing the Miss Starlit beauty contest and b) recognized me while she was working for Brone. I thought wrong-o. I thought isolating Alvin from the pageant girls would save the beauty pageant show. Bombs are set by remote control devises. He was here with us that night. He had the remote control devise on his body somewhere,” shakes his skull. “I didn’t connect the invisible electromagnetic currents inside the wheelchair rotors flinging out tiny sparks into the air waves where the infused wiring made of the silver part of the crown’s structure.”
Cody nods and exhales. “No one knew, skipper. No one figured it out until last night. These jewelry thieves are one pretty techo-savvy engineers using the best state of the art equipment. We should call in help from the other branches of the government,” chews. 
Islander shakes his skull. “I am so sorry, ya’ll. I figured all this mess out too late. It was staring me in the face, but I missed it…”
Skippy frowns, not shaking his bruised face. “No, you did not, Is. We were hired as a special team for a special purpose by the pageant billionaire owner of the Miss Starlit contest. Shit, even the pageant’s highly paid private dicks missed the intrinsic detailed information, being dead with their master now. God bless them all.”
Cody frowns at him. “What information, Is?”
Islander exhales and nods. “Close your eyes or open your eyes but think back. ‘Miss Starlit of whatever’ receives a big title and a big crown. Seven inches tall and four inches in width made of cheap rhinestones. However someone stole the three crowns from our murdered winners for some fucking ass reason. Amber was a winner years ago in high school. This pageant has been going on for decades with girls from age three to twenty-three years old. Tatianna,” exhales. “I went to high school and pharmacy school with her. Her tiara was the emerald stone. This bastard is wicked as hell. He has no rhyme or reason for a motive of killing. The stones inside the previous three murdered winners are valuable stones emerald, ruby, and sapphire. The international winner was supposed to have received a diamond, a big one. Diamond is the hardest mineral to kill on Earth. Brone is collecting the precious gem stones for free within his private dick-ass collection. I know why too. I researched along with SUSY-Q every contestant, every judge, every crew member and every sponsor and even the billionaire and his employees. But I missed the one staring in my eyeballs. The crown holds a gem stone. Some are usually a cheaply crafted diamond-type fake rhinestone. The jewelry maker created the first gem stone for the Miss Starlit crown, a great big emerald. Back then seventy years ago, products were big and beautiful. Workmanship met something more than dollar bills based on real values of pride…”
Cody says. “Pride is a sin in the Bible.”
Fucner frowns at Cody. “Uh, not touching that one, boy.”
“It is.” Cody frowns.
Islander nods. “The jewelry maker was named Brone Wehrme. He resided in Austria a long, long time ago. He hand cut and crafted each stone then his son took over the jewelry making business. So I’m theorizing here that the gem stones from seventy years ago were stolen or accidentally placed into a tiara. Then the stone and tiara was purchased and shipped to wherever, world. One of the present-day sons is chasing down these gem stones. Based on the cold blue blood value from my internal and external resources, the stones are worth billions, not millions, the new value of greed.”
Skippy nods. “Good job, Is. We found a connection of the dead winners and their crowns. Cody told me that he noticed Amber’s tiara went missing from her dining room cabinet before the bullet hit the house. The ruse worked perfectly Amber and the US Marshals fled the safety of the house into a rural country side farm cottage, where Brone surrounded the house killing everyone but Cody. To me, this is making more sense coming from the thievery angle then a sore loser female with a big nose and a bigger chip on her shoulder who sexed changed into a male. The firework funeral last night was not a simply jealous girl who got second place, not first. The bombs were strategically placed making the entire structure collapse upon itself within minutes. No one survived. The pageant billionaire is being sued from his asshole to his esophagus,” nods. “He won’t be a billionaire anymore. To work, we’re still on the case…”
Fucner says. “Wait, the pageant billionaire won’t have money to pay us.”
Islander says. “Right, ‘cause the pageant billionaire is dead too.”
Skippy nods. “Ya got a new financial installment at midnight last night. The murder case is still being investigated or you can walk away. You’ve been paid for your work to date.”
Fucner grins. “Are there more installments the closer we get to solving the murder case and killing the murderer?”
Skippy nods. “Yes, more money and blood, but I get to assassin bastard Brone once we capture him.”
Cody frowns. “I want his foot.”
Fucner smiles. “I want his dick.”
Islander smiles. “I want his face...”
“There’re plenty of body parts to jerk off and pass around,” Skippy laughs with the others. “Excellent, what’s the next step?”
Fucner smiles. “A jewelry thief goes for the next set of shiny stones, so we tarry to the next Miss Starlit Pageant. Where is it?”
Islander frowns. “In fucking hell, dumbass Fucner the Miss Starlit Pageant has been cancelled, foreverly. Everyone and his mama are suing the pageant billionaire for wrongful deaths of thousands and thousands of dead cold bodies, remember last night. So the jewelry thief has no more leads like us.”
Cody tosses his hands. “Then the murder is closed.”
Skippy shakes his skull. “I don’t believe in my heart that is so. There is something we are missing…,” exhales. “The something is me. I survived the male name Brone. He killed Alvin but threatened me being so close to his person. Yeah, he was a fuzzy blurry figure of darkness within my dizzy concession last night. I slammed into the damn rotating lunchroom door then saw some of Brone having fun tormenting Alvin and then passed out cold on the colder flooring. I awoke in the hospital being released this morning at five. Anyways, this man named Brone has stolen four great big precious gem stones, a ruby, a sapphire, a diamond, and an emerald. I believe he wants to sale the four stones to a private collector, probably another billionaire,” exhales. “Them bastards have nothing else to do with their monies but spend it on shit when the people go hungry and dead of disease. Therefore Brone needs another target. So where’s another nice collection of gem stones?”
Cody frowns. “Hell, if I know…”
Fucner whips out his mobile telephone. “Hell, if I can find out…,” when Islander and Skippy whip out their mobile telephones too as they search for an answer.
Fucner nods. “Use the two nouns of murders and gemstones, I’ve already found on the internet a newspaper article of a murdered man for a bag of diamonds in Kenya in the year 2011.”
Islander says. “I found another murdered male for a bag of diamonds in the year 2012 in Africa.”
Skippy shouts reading his mobile telephone. “SUSY-Q, stand on the opposite side of the room and shine your computer information onto the white wall behind me. Please access all internet hits for the noun combination of murders and gemstones. Start with your first access hit then scroll the information down the wall every three seconds.”
SUSY-Q drones, “Yes, sir!” She wears a long dress and turtle neck when Islander winks at Cody. Cody laughs with Fucner. SUSY-Q walks and parks against the wall as her television lights brighten the white paint then the first set of jumbled sentences appear.
Islander frowns at the white wall of sentences. “I’m getting about the same internet results. There’re numerous murdered people over diamonds in both the countries of Africa and Great Britain. Africa is the holding company for mining the diamonds. Great Britain is the miner dealer for distributing the cut diamonds.”
Cody says. “I see a police arrest made over a murder of the UK gem stone expert in Kenya in the year 2013.”
Fucner frowns at the white wall of sentences from SUSY-Q, seeing the same hits on his mobile telephone. “I don’t think this is a good method of pursuing Brone…”
Islander frowns. “I found an interesting combination of gem stones and murders. A Saudi Arabic male was murdered over a blue diamond in the year 2001. There’s different murder of a different gem stone. Do you think the internet could tell us if there are murders related to other kinds of gem stones?”
Fucner chuckles and reads the information in the incorrect manner. “Yeah, in India, Gopally Harry Jerry was murdered over an emerald gem stone in the year 2010.”
Cody tosses his hand. “Since the fourth century BC, when diamonds were discovered at an old Indian work site of Arthasastra, diamonds were traded and even taxed by the tax collectors in India. When you can’t buy or sale gem stone thievery becomes very popular since the ancient year of 3,000 BC. This is not the right method for finding Brone. I agree with Fucner.”
Fucner reads his mobile telephone. “I found something interesting. In Sanskrit, a Turkish sultan was murdered in the ancient year of 1513 AD for a triplet ruby. That’s a ruby three times normal size. What’s the normal size for a ruby? This brings us a good question to me. Are these stones…”
Islander shakes his hands and skull. “Wait a minute! We’re going about this all wrong. The pageant billionaire has possession of all the gem stones, so the jewelry thief will be robbing him next. This is our clue and our next target…”
Skippy frowns. “Good luck to the jewelry thief and us! Lawyers are invading and staying inside the pageant billionaire’s mansion as we ponder. Nothing’s getting in or out of that house until the year 2051 while the lawyers make millions of dollars in legal fees until the billions are all gone.”
Fucner nods. “I concur with that scenario.”
Cody frowns then views the hair roots of the others. “Madagascar, there was a gem stone robbery and murder in the country of Madagascar. One of the beauty contestants was from the country of Madagascar,” nods.
“So’s!?” Fucner frowns reading his mobile telephone.
Cody nods. “I find this a weird coincidence along with the weirder representation from Holy See, the holy city of the entire world. I believe this is a clue.”
Islander nods at him, “I believe Cody is right. Do you know why, gentlemen?” views Fucner then Cody then laughs. “A set of fucking clueless perverts, both of you were present at the swimsuit and evening gown competition yesterday. You saw the girls singing and two-stepping some really funny dance moves...”
Fucner frowns. “So’s!?”
Islander laughs. “You didn’t bother looking above their breasts, Fucner.”
Fucner laughs. “Naw, what’s up there to stare at Is?”
Skippy laughs then slaps the table. “A chin, a nose, a forehead and a tiara, Islander is correct. During the evening gown competition each girl wore their crown, the native tiara from their native country given to them for winning their native country’s title.”
Islander views the robot. “SUSY-Q, show Miss Madagascar during the evening gown competition please,” when the wall of words is replaced with a short girl wearing a yellow evening gown and a tall crown of sliver with a blue stone.
Cody smiles, “Wow, show the next girl. Miss Yemen has a blue stone too. The next girl?”
The robot shows the photograph. Cody nods and fingers. “Miss Benin is wearing a blue stone too. Miss Oman is wearing a blue stone too. Miss Algeria is wearing a blue stone too. Miss Estonia is wearing a blue stone too…”
Islander frowns at the wall. “There’re not in alphabetic order either. SUSY-Q, please go back to the photography of Miss Madagascar and identify the blue stone in her tiara?”
SUSY-Q shows the first picture on the wall then flips to the next ones. “Miss Madagascar is wearing a blue lapis lazuli. Miss Yemen is wearing a blue spinel. Miss Oman is wearing a blue tanzanite. Miss Algeria is wearing a blue anhydrite…”
Cody nods and grins. “Blue. Blue. The gem stones of spinel and tanzanite comes in varied colors besides blue, so true blue is the true answer here,” thumb-types on his mobile telephone.
Furner frowns at the wall then Cody’s hair roots. “It’s a blue stone…”
Islander smiles and nods. “Ah, I see Cody’s connection. SUSY-Q, is one of the beauty contestants wearing specifically a blue sapphire in her tiara last night?”
SUSY-Q drones. “No, Mr. Islander.”
Cody nods and smiles. “See, I’m right. Amber’s tiara contained the only blue sapphire that Brone wanted and stolen when he murdered her and her family unit and all my friends at the US Marshals office. The pageant billionaire didn’t buy a repeat any of the earth’s nature semi-precious gem stones for the winners of the pageant, because each stone is unique. And I agree with Islander’s gathered historical information and brilliant assessment. Each stone came from the old man Brone from decades ago. His son’s stealing them back by murdering anyone who gets in the way...”
Fucner frowns. “Don’t know, kid! How many different varieties of natural gemstones are there in the world, SUSY-Q?”
The robot drones. “There are 200 different varieties of natural gemstones.”
Fucner asks. “How many world countries are represented at the Miss International Starlit pageant last night before the fireworks, SUSY-Q?”
The robot drones. “There were 196 countries from the world present at the Miss International Starlit pageant last night before all were killed in the bomb explosion.”
Islander slaps Fucner on the collar bone. “The four missing gem stones would be a ruby, a sapphire, an emerald, and a diamond which was supposed to go to the dead winner. The kid’s right again. Give it up while you’re ahead, Fucner…”
Cody nods and smiles, fingering the ceiling then views his co-workers. “He’s looking for it. I can’t believe this. Brone is looking for the Ring of King Solomon. The gem stone ring of King Solomon is one of the most mysterious artifacts of the world. The relic has been mentioned for thousands of years known as the Ring of the Fisherman, the Seal of Solomon, and the Ring of Aandaleeb. It’s a very powerful weapon warding off evil spirits, casting away demons, and saving mankind for salvation to…to enter heaven. It’s a large oval shape of blue stone….”
Fucner frowns. “One, I don’t believe ya, Cody. Two, you’re full of shit, kid. Three, that blue stone in her crown is too big for any ring setting. Four, there’re other colored stones besides blue for stealing by a jewelry thief then a set of matching blue colored. Five, that blue stone would fit inside a crown or a broach. Did King Solomon wear a set of ladies broaches on his silk robes,” laughs with Islander.
Cody frowns. “The Ring of King Solomon is a lost artifact like…like the Ark of the Covenant like…like the Ark boat of Noah, the breastplate of Aaron, and…and like the lost treasure of the kingdom of Tyre…”
Fucner laughs, “…and the lost civilization of Atlantis. Anyone with a set of tits or wits among their genes would have to not fucking guess by now that Noah’s Ark is deep shit below Planet Earth under a dome of hard rock bed. Ya know like 5,000 years ago. A place where no man will ever go, so man hitched a ride a star ship into outer space…”
Cody thumb-types his mobile telephone. “We’re looking for a smaller piece of stone.”
Skippy shakes his skull, reading his mobile telephone. “A jewelry thief does want to steal gem stones. Miss Starlit had 200 gem stones in one single spot. This is a brilliant plan that successfully worked along with committing mass murders in one evening. Okay, the good old internet tells me. The top ten gem stones to purchase or steal is the blue sapphire, orange topaz, pink tourmaline, purple amethyst, red ruby, golden citrine, red spinel, smoky quartz, red garnet, and blue lapis lazuli.”
Cody frowns. “Brone’s looking for the Ring of King Solomon. Here in Huntsville, the pageant crowns held for one evening the world’s greatest collection of blue stones on top of every beauty contestant’s hair roots. One of them has to be it. Once Brone figures out which one then he’ll mold himself the Ring of King Solomon.”
Islander shakes his hand. “Okay, Cody I believe your working theory. So tell me which blue stone is it or could it be? Do you have an inkling?”
“No, but I got a tinkling,” Fucner stands and exits the room.
Islander frowns at Fucner. “Is there some scholar who knows any ancient Bible theories regarding the Ring of King Solomon that we can add to our team, skipper?”
Skippy exhales and nods. “Cody, I like your theory too. SUSY-Q, take all the colored photographs of all the Miss International Starlit Pageant contestants then compare to the completed listing of every gem stones from A to Z on Planet Earth with each contestant’s individual picture and then tell me what’s missing. Thank you. Once we prove it, how do we keep from getting locked up the closest mental institution…”
SUSY-Q says. “Thank you, Captain Skippy. Your request is being processed which will take approximately 18 hours, 32 minutes, and seven seconds.”
Islander grins. “There’s one in B’ham.”
Fucner enters and frowns. “Shut the fuck up, Is,” sits and then eats.
Islander nods and smiles. “I know the answers. Brone is a son of a jeweler, fact one. Fact two, he is a jeweler who stole the gem stones. Fact three, he is a murderer. I wanna remind everyone. Fact four, we go to the exploded building and shift through the pink tissues, red dried blood, and broken white bones for the 200 gems stones. If all the tiaras with the blue stones are missing then Cody is right. Brone is re-creating the Ring of King Solomon for his evil purpose. The end.”
Skippy frowns. “I don’t like your gross vivid description but I do like your idea. I need to make future plans with the lawyers of the pageant billionaire before we descend upon the dead boy parts...”
“Call up the FBI, skipper,” frowns Islander.
Skippy nods. “The billionaire died in the explosion too. His lawyers are lawyered up having secured everything and anything for their future profits at the damaged building, the estate house, and the business. If any of the gem stones survived the fires, the explosions, and Brone they would have them locked away inside a steel safe behind the kitchen refrigerator.”
Fucner thumb-types on his mobile telephone. “Good, we don’t have to visit the scattered body parts inside the bombed building. I don’t like blood and guts and dust bunnies.”
Islander thumb-types on his mobile telephone. “Cody, we can do some legwork while we wait on SUSY-Q output results…”
Fucner frowns at his phone then Cody. “The Ring of King Solomon is a signal ring. That means a ring worn on the longest finger middle for shooting a bird or stamping a mess of black heated tar onto hard copy papers, without magical powers...”
Cody chews and grins with food particles. “Moses didn’t have toilet paper to shit on his turds or wipe his ass, Fucner. He wrote on stone tablets like the Ten Commandments per the Bible. Scholars believed that the two tables were ten words, literally. The Hebrew people didn’t have a written language either they used some ancient set of hieroglyphics symbols like the Egyptians. Each symbol represented a set of instructions like pray to God, shit in the ditch, bath in the ocean. That’s why God commissioned priests to write the Bible. O! King Solomon used a cylinder ring which looked like your grandmomma’s rolling pin for making her home-made buttermilk biscuit dough, dork. The cylinder ring was the famous Jewish star symbol rolled on a piece of tiny white linen for any and all official kingly documents, if ever was needed. The ancient Romans wore the first known hand rings. The hand rings were enclosed in the earth mineral of iron which could be forged and molded, since its hardness is beyond all expression…”
“So’s my dick during a full erection,” chuckles Fucner.
“Excellent working theory, my young sir,” she smiles and poses at the archway. Female: tall, slender, dirty blonde hair, pale skin, hazel colored eyes. She enters the stands beside Skippy when the soldiers stand for a southern belle. They sit. Skippy doesn’t stand, patting the empty chair beside him. “Gentlemen, meet our newest valuable member to join our little gang. May I present, Yorkie. She holds a post-doctoral degree in Radiation Biology and Bone and is my personal physician, a medical licensed radiologist,” winks at her.
“Hi, ya’ll!” Yorkie smiles and sits next to Skippy. “I’m not an oncologist treating cancer patients for tumors. I work for the US Federal Government with some of the newest novel radiation technologist in the areas of high dose-rate and low dose-rate intensity modulated radiation therapy, a mouth full. I know. Alright, let’s get started. I’m here on loan so we make the most of my time, boys.”
“Boys!?” Fucner laughs.
Yorkie smiles and pats his arm. “I have additional information to share. When Skippy survived a direct gun assault inside a cliff cave on top of a river in south Alabama it was accidental. The ring leader Dorothy aka Alvin was second runner up to Amber Ashmore in the Miss Starlit Pageant many years ago. There wasn’t one single gem stone hidden inside the walls or on the bodies of the shredded flesh. The White House experts to many for me to credit found a patch of tiny shards composed of petrified wood, only. The petrified wood was tested and found to be radiated. Yes, outer space and man-made radiation travels as rays, waves, or energetic particles through air, water, or solid objects. Specifically, gamma rays will penetrate paper, skin, wood, and other substances including the individual clay bricks of your residential family house plus all the building materials. We’re doused with radiation every day. Ionizing radiation is widely used in industry and medicine present in plastics, wood, water and your human body. Except, this piece of wood is radiated at .000006 millirads. Does everyone understand a millirad?”
Cody says. “A unit measure of a single dosage of any type of radiation whether man-made or outer space.”
Yorkie rattles her briefcase, raising the object. “This is a Geiger Counter,” slides to Fucner. “Please scan the petrified wood, sir.”
Fucner grabs then scans the wood with the machine. “It shows reads the .000002 millirads, almost nothing.”
Cody laughs. “SUSY-Q, please find me the television channel number 9999.”
Fucner views the ceiling then Cody frowning with puzzlement. “There ain’t no television channel for 9999 unless you’re calling up your outer space friends on Planet Mars,” laughs with the others.
The wall changes into silver and gray lines of static. Cody smiles and fingers the wall. “My Earthling friend, that there is silver and gray snow coming from television channel 9999. One percent of snow is background outer space radiation falling down from the big bang theory that crated created our universe. This is the birth pain of the universe by God’s hand. I don’t know why folks get upset about science and God. They are both the same.”
Yorkie smiles and nods. “Any excellent presentation, Cody. Back to the petrified wood, some of the radiation particles have leaked and traveled up into our atmosphere. SUSY-Q, please show us the current radiation dots of .000002 millirads throughout the world,” when the wall turns into a map of the United States. The tiny red dots cover ninety-nine percent of the USA. Yorkie fingers the map. “You can see micro millirads are everywhere around us, on top of us and surrounding us. SUSY-Q, please eliminate all the nuclear plant sites then show us the current radiation dots of .000002 millirads,” when the map of the USA changes into tiny pockets of red in certain geographical points. Yorkie says. “You are seeing the remnants of tiny radiation dots which can be measured by the outer space satellites,” scans the faces around the table. “Now, the mysterious begins. What do gem stones and petrified wood have in common?” silence invades the room when she smiles and nods. “I am asking the question, gentlemen.”
Skippy chuckles. “To the cell phones, guys,” whips out his mobile telephone.
Yorkie smiles. “Type in your cell phone search, wood and gems.”
Islander smiles at Yorkie. “Too easy and too common, a jewelry box, my mama had one for many decades. Both items of wood and gems were contained within,” nods.
Cody says. “Wow, that’s a toughie. I see jewelry pieces like necklaces, earrings, rings, bracelets. No other common items. SUSY-Q, we need some help here. What does petrified wood and gems have in common, a common factor?”
The robot drones. “Let me compute the request, Mr. Cody.”
Islander says. “I see handcrafted fashion jewelry, pendants of combined wood and gems. There’s intriguing petrified wood and wood fossils are created into healing stone.”
Fucner frowns. “I see petrified wood sap. What fucking sap would be a piece of petrified wood sap,” laughs without the others.
Cody frowns. “Amber is petrified wood resin. When hardened it become the gem stone of amber for sale.”
Fucner laughs and raises his mobile telephone, fingering. “Here’s a picture of a fossilized wood gemstone for sale for $150, or a picture of a pendant for $50, or a sphere for $125 without state and local taxes, ya’ll. A petrified wood mosaic, wood tiles, wood limb slices. Yeah baby, look at this monster petrified wood tree trunk the size of an oak tree. I want one for Christmas, daddy.”
Islander frowns. “The Ming dynasty era produced a mixture of gold and wood products in furniture. Could gem stones be hidden within the wood too?”
Skippy says. “Most of the pictures are precious rock gems embedded between trunks of wood.”
There’s a golden and wood abacus from China. Gold and wooden statues from ancient times in Africa and Sumer or Babylonia or whatever…”
“Ya’ll are pissing up the wrong tree. It is gems and wood, not gold and wood,” laughs Fucner.
Cody exhales and nods. “The four major gem stones are diamonds, sapphires, emeralds and rubies, the four most expensive and valuable to mankind. It’s valuable to kings too. Royal coffins are covered in them. Kings are buried in them. Does the wood and gems have to been embedded into the design or product? Could the wood and gems be separate, not necessary combined in a necklace or a furniture piece?”
Islander frowns. “I have found photographs of jewelry items being used as healing stones for the body and mind. How’s a piece of wood a healing stone?”
Cody says. “The stone is made of earth. Earth is part of God’s property. God heals the earth when destroyed by assholes like Fucner then the earth provides healing to God’s children…”
“A cycle of nothing,” says Fucner.
The robot shows an image on the wall. “The Ark of the Covenant.”
Yorkie smiles and nods. “The White House believes that Brone is looking for the broken chunks of the Ark of the Covenant or some smaller pieces of the Ark…”
Fucner shakes his hands and skull. “I’m sorry pretty doctor. I’m a badass and an asshole. I don’t believe this crap. I do believe in Almighty God and Brother Jesus and like my new bank account, but your story is running on corn fumes or maybe outer space farts. I do believe that I need some more hard evidence other than a mass murderer looking for a biblical artifact that fucking no man or monster on Earth has stomped on, especially here in Alabama. The end,” nods.
Islander frowns. “Why are you referencing the White House contact as opposed to the US Government contact, Yorkie?”
Yorkie nods. “My boss is the President of the United States. My orders come from the President of the United States. My information exchange is only the President of the United States.”
Fucner fingers his mobile telephone. “And you tell Mr. President of the United Sates thank you for my six-figured bank account. It’ll not go to waste,” smiles.
Cody nods and smiles. “I can help the pretty doctor prove her valid point. The Ark of Convent is the one of the world’s most fascinating biblical mysteries. In the Holy Bible of the Old Testament on top of Mount Sinai around 1250 BC, God inscribed the Ten Commandments on two stone tablets. Moses built under God’s instructions a wooden crate covered in melted down jewelry of gold. God got pissed off at His children again. The Israelites and the Ark of the Covenant was toted around for forty long years for their personal punishment by God wandering the desert then they both stopped wandering. The Israelites built and placed inside the temple the Ark of the Covenant then called it, the Temple of King Solomon. For 200 years, Israel lived in peace with victory against its enemies. Then they lost the battle with the Philistines where the ark was taken and treated like a trophy. Several unnatural disasters befell upon their city, one being the bubonic plague with an invasion of mice.”
Fucner laughs. “There were plenty of hungry cats in Egypt. The Philistines should’ve rented some or catnipped some.”
Yorkie reads from her mobile telephone the internet information. “At the Battle of Absalom, in the year 962 BC, King David won the ark back then placed it inside the Temple of Solomon in Jerusalem. In the year 587 BC, the Babylonians led by King Nebuchadnezzar captured the city of Jerusalem along with taking possession of the ark and all the precious treasures…”
Fucner elbows and winks at Islander. “A world history lesson here, King Darius lost control of his kingdom because he wanted to raise taxes after spending all his money on his thousands of wives and concubines. Geez, he had some biblical fun. He had a thousand nights of fun. How many years is a thousand days? Wished, I had a personal temple and a thousand whores I could really have some fun too. Ya know he invited on Saturday nights about 50,000 people who would gather and pass around the incense which contained cannabis or modern day pot inside his royal palace. Then on Sunday morning they awoke to hungry pains of food,” chuckles. “Solomon’s grandson messed around with way too much pot and girls losing to Nebuchadnezzar in the year 586 BC, a more accurate description, ya’ll. Darius’ derriere was exiled from Jerusalem too, then the Babylonians destroyed Jerusalem toting off the ark. Bye-bye, ya’ll,” wiggles his eyebrows.
Yorkie giggles. “King Nebuchadnezzar received a set of bad dreams but never returned the ark to King Darius. In the year 150 BC, the re-built second Temple of Solomon was invaded by Alexander the Great who stole the treasure too. However the Ark of the Covenant was never seen or heard from again since the thievery of 586 BC. It has been cited in the Old Testament but can’t be found, not one tiny splinted wood.”
Fucner chuckles. “God should’ve built an alarm system.”
Skippy says. “Wait, I got something to add. In the second Book of Maccabebebees, chapters two through four, verse ten, God ordered the ark buried in a cave on Mount Nebo in Jordan in the city of Zion. Currently, the Zionists claim it holds the ark under guard and foot inside a cave.”
Fucner reads from his mobile telephone. “Albert Einstein described insanity as doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results.”
Islander frowns and fingers his mobile telephone with more information. “The country of South Africa has it buried in a deep cave in the Durnghe Mountains, their spirit home,” nods and smiles at Yorkie.
Cody reads his mobile telephone with the internet information. “The country of France claimed the ark was taken to Chartres Cathedral by the Knights Templar but removed during World War One and far away from dictator Hitler.”
Fucner exhales. “Every fucking person in the world knows that the ark’s sealed inside a wooden crate with the number 84 inside a warehouse at Area 51 in Nevada right beside the frozen body of the outer space green alien guy. And Brother Ezekiel was the musical band Journey’s first musical fan describing the fiery wheel in the sky,” laughs with the others. “And now, I’ve addressed the finale question for the starved and stupid readers of the world. Yeah, can I leave and spend my money before I pay fifty percent in taxes for doing nothing…”
Yorkie reads her mobile telephone with the internet information. “The Ark of the Covenant was held inside King Solomon’s temple housing the Ten Commandments along with other treasures in the Land of Israel…”
Fucner chuckles then sings. “Is that related to the land of Dixie or the land of cotton? I wished I were in the land of cotton…look away…look away…look away…Dixie land.”
Islander winks. “Or the Land of the Lost, a kiddie television program with big cute dinosaurs.”
Fucner laughs. “T-rex moved it to Japan where he and Godzilla protect it by shitting over the God’s gold with their radiation turds.”
Islander wipes the tears from his eyeballs, laughing. “That explains the massive weird-ass radiation waves over the entire country of Japan causing the nuclear plant explosion.”
Skippy frowns with puzzlement. “Why is the Ark of the Covenant radiated?”
Fucner laughs, tossing his free hand without the mobile telephone. “God’s mad. No wait, I know. It’s God’s method of speaking to His children from his voice box like a great big cell phone since He gave all his science brains to mankind. He needed to get everyone attention for a certain period of time before releasing the children into the wild,” nods and chuckles with the others.
Cody frowns at Fucner. “Can he take his money and leave, now?”
Fucner tosses his hands, laughing. “Time out! All these historical fairy tales don’t matter. Wood is wood. Wood turns into sawdust over years, decades, and centuries. The ark is in heaven like the Bible tells. We all believe in the Bible. Right? Right! Amen,” nods.
Cody smiles. “The ark is made of acacia wood. There are 1300 species of the wood with 960 coming from Australia, Europe, Asia, Africa, and US state of California. Looks like plain old light brown trunk of a Maple tree, the branches are used as fodder which is animal feed for agricultural foodstuff for cows, goats, sheep, horses, chickens and pigs. The wood is water-seasoned for tool handles and lumber for boats,” wiggles his eyebrows.
Islander smiles. “Cody’s smart.”
Fucner frowns. “God’s smarter than Cody.”
Cody says. “The ark is not located inside a musky cave or under a dry desert or on top of a snowy mountain but along a river bed. No one can find the thing since it’s buried under gallons of water probably fresh water coming directly from the feeder system of the Jordan River. A river is fresh water, not salt water.”
Yorkie nods and exhales. “Let’s start all over again from the Bible story. The Babylonians removed all the precious treasure inside Solomon’s Temple before destroying the temple. The Ark of the Covenant is three feet long and two feet wide. Gold is a very heavy and hardy earth element. The Ark of the Covenant is a holy relic, blessed, and forbidden by God to be physically touched by man. Wooden staves were speared through a set of rings on the ark in order for it to be carried by man. The ark contained the mercy seat of God between the two cherubs. After the Babylonians abandoned the Israel the Jewish people built a second temple on the highest peak of the highest mountain to be close to God and accept God’s help in defending the newly built temple while praying for the Ark of the Covenant to come back to them with the Ten Commandments, their promise of salvation.”
Fucner frowns. “Hold up, I read too. The Ark of the Covenant was a wooden box covered in gold mineral. We all know what happens to wood after a long, long, long time. It rots into sawdust. The end.”
Yorkie raises the object. “During the smelting process of gold onto wood you create a new product somewhat petrified permanently with engrained bits of gold nuggets. The gold will collect and retain radiation bits foreverly...”
Fucner smiles. “Ya got me there, babe, except it says it right here on the tiny screen of my cell phone once I turn it sideways. In the book of Revelation, chapter 11, verse 19 ‘the ark went up into heaven with God then his son Jesus will return with Him and it down to Planet Earth during the Second Coming…”
Islander raises his hand then says. “The internet source says the present location of the Ark of the Covenant is in present-day Jordan. The children of Israel knew that King Nebuchadnezzar was going to attend through the oracle of whatever. The precious treasure including the ark was secretly moved to Mesopotamia in the Persian Empire during Queen Esther’s reign with her husband what’s his name. Queen Esther and her empire extended from Israel all the way to the Indus River. Wow, this statement means the Ark is still intact with the gold and treasures of King Solomon, somewhere on Planet Earth. Right? Right!”
Yorkie nods. “King Solomon and Queen Bathsheba had their fling then the queen went back home to Ethiopia. The country of Ethiopia has an uninterrupted chain of historical events for the past 3,000 years. The Ethiopian Church is one the oldest temples in the world built for her child, the son of King Solomon and Queen Bathsheba. Many scholars believe the Ark of the Covenant is living in Ethiopia based on the frequency of dead bodies. The bodies once guarded the completely boarded up doors and windows of the church due to the emitting radiation from the Ark. Each solider feels it is his holy prison sentence to guard the church. The guard is never allowed to leave his post inside the fence around the building. The Ethiopian government claims the Ark is there but no one is allowed to see it.”
Fucner frowns. “I high recommend to the President of the US that we sent all them fucking-ass crazy motherfucker zealots gathered from around the world then dumped into Ethiopia. Let each one of them guard the fucking radiated Holy wood from God. It’ll solve a mess of worldly problems for everybody and God,” chuckles with the others. He motor boats his lips. “And I wanna add. Naw, I can guarantee that neither Adolph fucking Hitler nor the president of the fucking United States of American nor the radiated church of Ethiopia has that abused poor broken wooden box with or without its golden skin. The Holy Bible says in the Book of Revelations…”
“We heard you the first time, Fucner.” Islander frowns at him.
Fucner chuckles. “The Bible says God created the heavens and the earth. Where did God live before the heavens? Okay, I don’t know either. The Bible says that earth was formed out of water and by water. The same waters deluged and destroyed earth when God got pissed off at His children. Man, the local law enforcement authorities slap a loving mother in a jail cell for whipping her bratty kid with a belt for stealing and eating his sister’s chocolate donut. Good thing, God promised not to visit here ever again and sending down His son first to reprimand His naughty children. God’s one smart cookie,” laughs with the others. He sobers. “God says present heaven and earth are reserved for fire and ungodly destruction on Judgment Day. Specifically God describes the heavens will disappear with a roar; the elements will be destroyed by fire, and the earth will be bare, not there. This comes from Second Peter 3-10,” scans the faces. “I don’t know about ya’ll but that ungodly destruction phrase coming from a powerful God-entity is a little bit scary within my shivering body and sharp brain cells. What’da ya’ll think, Cody?”
Skippy reads his mobile telephone with the information. “In this internet article, there’s a rumor that six knights from Great Britain dug up treasure from the ruins of King Solomon’s temple. They ran away to Switzerland and started the first banking system then created an army called the Templar Knights. Finally, all the knights were killed by the Roman Pope. So the knights found some pieces of the Ark, wood and gold. Gold can be melted into pieces of fragments. They couldn’t just show up with a box-like gold object then the entire world would know their secret. The ark pieces are hidden in the Vatican too. Coincidentally, in the Miss Starlit Pageant there was a girl from Holy See, the headquarters of the Vatican.”
Islander smiles and raises his mobile telephone. “Here’s picture of a Syrian priest who sits at a long ugly wooden table in the monastery library. There’s a wall of cubbyholes filled with ancient scrolls. Maybe the ark is inside a cubby hole behind the monk’s ass…”
Fucner frowns and scans the hair roots of his co-workers. “Who makes up this crap? O, I know type the book, buy the book, make the money then type another second book to make more money. Now if the Ark of the Covenant still existed then was founded by purpose or accident then every fucking big and tiny nation would be fighting with shotguns and battling with blood over whom really owns it as their property, first and whom has a right to the treasure, second. People fight over territory. People fight over property. People fight over money People fight over sex. Mankind and womankind are a bunch of greedy selfish kids since you, me and God knows this. O!” he views Cody. “Cody, quit agreeing with the pretty adult female. She’s the skipper’s fuck and you’re a minor child at seventeen years old,” when the others laugh.
Yorkie giggles and nods to Fucner. “I like him and he’s right Cody.”
Skippy says. “This article states that the King Solomon’s temple treasures were captured by Emperor Titus then brought back to Rome, Italy where it was melted down. Only gold or silver is melted down. You don’t melt down gem stones. The melted down treasure was made into scared decorations for the Temple of Jupiter, a popular pagan worshipping place in Ancient Rome.”
Yorkie smiles and nods. “Excellent timing, sir! I believe we have our first solid clue. SUSY-Q, show us the radiation spikes at the Vatican in Rome, Italy.”
The robot drones and displays an image on the wall. “The latitude is 41 degrees 54 minutes north and longitude is 12 degree 30 minutes east. These are the remaining white limestone foundation stones of the Temple of Jupiter in Rome, Italy. In Ancient Rome the temple provided assemblies and displayed numerous altars, statues, and victory trophies of the people. There are also underground chambers underneath the damaged building materials which are unsuitable for display such-like ancient human and animal offerings.”
Yorkie smiles. “The electronic map shows the colors of red, blue, yellow, white and black. The red dots are indicators of heat. The pink spots within the heat are the radiation signature of any radiated metal object about three feet underground. As the satellite beams goes deeper it will be harder to distinguish between regular old earth radiation from man-made radiation fragments.”
Cody frowns. “Too, too small, what’s the measurement of the single tiny pink spot, SUSY-Q?”
The robot drones. “The pink radiation signature is .000007 millirads.”
Islander frowns. “Not much of the ark is left intact…”
Cody shakes his curls. “I believe that’s too small of a piece of the ark which probably cannot be retrieved by us or Brone.”
Yorkie nods. “Brone came to the same conclusion as us, so we keep searching too for the exact spot.”
“Scrap my personal free trip to Rome, Italy this year,” frowns Fucner.
Cody smiles and claps. “This is a good start. We still have the technology to find a single radiation pocket of a gold nugget anywhere in the world. The ark’s a piece of radiated material. What do we do with radiated materials? We bury them under the sea ocean, in the back yard, on top of the mountains. Snow covers radiation then lights it up for all eyeballs to see. There’s a Mormon story of Joseph Smith finding some golden tablets then it was misplaced. He also claimed to see spirits. Radiation poisoning will create illusions or images of people within the mind then ya die. I don’t believe that story relates here but I wanted to tell it.”
Fucner scans the hair roots while everyone studies their individual mobile telephone. “Ya know when I die everything goes on and on, without me, since the beginning of God’s creation. This is for a purpose.”
Yorkie nods. “I agree with Cody. We start from the top again. Okay, I’ve searched and read every article regarding the Ark of the Covenant. Every resource says the same thing. The ark is currently located at St. Mary’s Chapel in Axum, Ethiopia under the protection of the priesthood. Scientists have confirmed that there are radioactive waves emitting from the little chapel. It’s here. Some of the priests do exhibit radiation sickness over time then die.”
“Ya know there’s a cure for radiation sickness. A ‘do not enter’ sign,” Fucner laughs.
Cody smiles and chuckles. “The ark’s radiated, since the Bible tells me so. A pocket of radiation is a specific spot where the radiation is highly concentrated. The high concentration is found around a metal object. Metal stores radiation much longer and stay foreverly. A very good example, on the west coast of North American scientists have concluded ten times of highly concentrations of radiation over the entire Pacific basin since the beginning of time. To add to that horror is nuclear plant fallout. Scientists throughout the world claim that the Fukushima Nuclear Plant accident which exposed radiation molecules into ocean would get diluted by the ocean currents, sea salts and other elements. The US Federal Government has confirmed a stream of highly concentrated radiation traveling towards the west coast of North American.
Fucner frowns with worry. “That’s awful, Cody.”
Cody grins. “Awfully good for our search, SUSY-Q, bring up the Fukushima government tracking map please,” when the wall changes into the colors of massive blue and tiny yellow. He nods and fingers. “The blue is the Pacific ocean water. The yellow radiation line comes off the shoreline of Fukushima Nuclear Plant on the Pacific Ocean. The yellow plume crosses over the ocean in a nearly straight line toward North America coastline. So far, the air currents are negative for radiation. The water streams are negative for radiation. But you can see that the yellow plume is shaped like a feather with light breeze winds blowing a stream of radiation our fucking way. The time scale of the radiation will reach the west coast of America is 3.9 years. The half life of cesium-137 radiation compound is lives so long that it will produce more tissue, organ and skin damage to a human than any other animal. So far, the tuna fish off the coasts of both California and Canada have tested positive for radiation. However the deer, trout fish, and birds are testing negative. Based on my swift scientific lecture, radiation can be traced in the water too.” He taps his mobile telephone reading out loud the internet information. “I found this. Based on this internet article Queen Bathsheba had a son by King Solomon. She didn’t reside with Solomon in Israel either. She lived in Africa, her home country. So if the ark was missing from the Jerusalem temple and was not inside a mountain cave then it had to be in another place. Right? Right! The Bible states that if one gets near the ark then they die. They died of radiation poisoning. This is all flowing nicely in the right direction, ya’ll. The ark went to Africa and stayed for centuries making people sick, most likely. I don’t have any evidence. Then the smart-ass white folks started invading the country of Africa captured and sending all the African natives working the cotton and sugar fields all over the world including the Old South. So the smarter king of Africa sent the radiated box away when the slave ships invaded the continent. Look up slavery ships and the final destinations into America.”
Skippy reads his mobile telephone with the internet information. “The slave-ships were owned by European banks thus in turn operated by greedy boat privateers. For 300 years, European countries forced Africans onto slave ships and then transported them across the Atlantic Ocean. The first European nation to engage in the slave trade was Portugal in the 1400’s. Captain John Hawkins made the first known English slaving voyage to Africa in 1562 for Queen Elizabeth, the first of Great Britain. Hawkins captured over 1200 Africans and sold them as goods in the slave markets of the Spanish colonies in the Americas, South and North. In the 245 years of slaving with ships between Hawkins first voyage and the abolition of the Slave Trade in 1807 10,000 voyages were launched to Africa for slaves. The first record of enslaved Africans at the British colony of Virginia was in 1619. Barbados became the first British settlement in the Caribbean in 1625 and the British took control of Jamaica in 1655.”
Fucner smiles. “Hey, the oldest occupied city in the United States began on September 8, 1565 in St. Augustine, Florida which is built on top of an ancient Native American village…”
Cody frowns. “Do you ever follow instructions, Fucner?”
Islander laughs. “Fucner didn’t understand English or Spanish or French words. In the 1700s, the East India Company had a monopoly over slave trade. The British and Dutch owned the most slave-ships. The US was third. The British slave-ship owners became wealthy never leaving their native country of England. This is a dead end. The British plantation owners got rich too with unpaid workers, building grand country estates of crops and livestock. The factories owners get rich selling textiles to Americas, Africa, and the West Indies. Glassware was needed to bottle the alcoholic rum. The British slave traders got rich buying and selling the enslaved Africans. The British bankers get rich with financial interest fees on the borrowed money for long sea voyages to Africa and back home. Many land jobs came from the slave trade in the factories. In Birmingham, England there were 4,000 gun makers with 100,000 guns a year for the slave-ships and slave-traders. Man, the entire industrial Revolution was financed by the sweat and blood of slaves. They should sue the entire world for some financial and fun back pay.”
Fucner smiles and fingers his mobile telephone. “Some of the slave-ship owners, not slave-ship captains were from Rhode Island USA, where they made rum. The rum was used to trade for the slaves. Ho, ho, and a bottle of rum,” chuckles.
Skippy nods then frowns. “We’ll help them deal with that later, Is. What else have you found for the assignment, Fucner?”
Yorkie reads her mobile telephone with the internet information. “Slaves were legal property housed as cargo. They were laid horizontally on wooden shelves and stacked on top of each other like dishes. Food was scarce and disease was rampant with smallpox, dysentery. Dead or dying slaves were thrown overboard, sometimes still alive…”
“Stop,” Cody nods. “Excellent information but to too much information, we’re tracing down a particular slave-ship that purchased a boat full of slaves and the Ark of the Covenant…”
Yorkie frowns. “You’re making an awful big fat assumption here.”
Fucner frowns and sours. “The root word of assumption is an ass of Cody,” nods and laughs.
Cody shakes his curls. “Follow my logic, I have a brilliant point for us to uncover. We’re interested in the first township of the British colony Jamestown, Virginia which was established in the year 1607. ”
Islander fingers the ceiling then reads his mobile telephone. “I got it here. Jamestown, Virginia in 1607 was the New World where people came to escape religious persecution. The people were similar to the Pilgrims, founders of Plymouth, Massachusetts who arrived in 1620. In both Virginia and Massachusetts, the colonists survived and flourished on corn from the Native American Indians. By the year 1620 Virginia tobacco was king and George was queen,” chuckles. “By 1770, two million people lived and worked in the thirteen North American colonies owned by Great Britain.  The slave trade started in the 1400s but didn’t invade Jamestown until 1620…”
Fucner reads the mobile telephone. “A ferocious-looking fellow with a scourge of many twisted curls in his hair, the slave was sold to me for 1,000 dollars or pounds or...”
Yorkie says. “I found something. In the year 1729 the slave-ships delivered 563 slaves to the thirteen Britain colonies in America then increased the delivery to an average of 20,000 slaves in the mid-1750s and finally to 45,000 slaves-per-year during the last decade. There were 11,000 ships used for slave trade between the years 1698 and 1807. Slaves were also transferred to the Caribbean islands of Jamaica, Barbados and Trinidad to work on the sugar plantations and to the West Indies and the Americas,” exhales. “This is an impossible task.”
Skippy says. “A typical slave-ship had three masts, each carried one large sail. The underside of the ship was elm planks sealed with pitch tar as protection against the sea worms of tropical waters. The slave-ship had a sharp bow, raised floors with compartments holding slaves, guns, cooper, iron rods, and dishes. There were eighteen guns to defend against the attack of pirates. Black Bart Roberts was kidnapped as a boy from a slave-ship by a gang of pirates in the year 1719 then started off his infamous career of pirating.”
Yorkie nods. “This is important. Sickness was always present among slaves on and off the ships and the non-slaves living on the lands. Land residents including Englishmen, Native Americans, and slaves died of tuberculosis, pneumonia, influenza, plague, measles, scarlet fever, smallpox and malaria from direct contact of the diseased individual. Slaves possessed fevers including general fever, malignant fever, nervous fever and yellow fever. Respiratory illnesses included inflammation of lungs, consumption and decline into death. Gastrointestinal diseases included blood dysentery, diarrhea and worms. In addition there were deaths by drowning suicide from jumping overboard and over the protective side netting for catching both fish and slaves. In 1789 slave trader William Wilberforce said twelve percent of slaves died in transport, four percent died on Atlantic shores before sale, and one third died acclimating to the Americas carrying a fifty percent mortality of death or life. So, sad!”
Fucner smiles and nods. “And let us not forget this, my new friendlies with God a day is like a thousand years and a thousand years are like a day to Him…”
“Shut it, Fucner!” Cody frowns.
Skippy frowns at him. “You are not participating, Fucner.”
“Naw, I am not,” chuckles Fucner.
Cody nods. “The slaves were branded. The slaves were branded. Maybe a specific brand could lead us to the next clue where the ship sailed from Africa to America. It says here that the slaves were branded under their breasts or on their arms burnt with a red-hot iron.”
Yorkie says. “This is unique. He writes in his personal journal in 1829. The ship sailed off the African coast in the early morning before food meal. It was a very pleasant morning without the usual exposures to the infective mosquitoes which caused both malaria and yellow fever. The sea crew deaths within the forty men crew began very early, one hour into our trip in open sea. The waters were calm and placid with a favorable wind towards the America. The sea crew deaths peaked on the nineteenth into the voyage from sixteen out of forty. As I was the medical physician of the ship dealing with the deaths, an overwhelming challenge without identifying a root cause of the infectious disease. I noted no contaminated water supply or foul air from rotten food. My medicine chest included Peruvian bark for malaria fever and other powders including rhubarb. The chest also contained opium for pain. Epsom salts, gentian root and cream of tartar, liquids of antimonial wine and castor oil. Large numbers of bilious and purging pills. All the internal medicines were lettered for easy recognition. The external preparations included beeswax, simple ointments, extract of lead, red precipitate and ten pounds of flowers of sulphur. For the treatment of blisters there were plasters. External medicines were numbered for easy recognition. The medicine chest came with full instructions on how to treat the patient with what remedy in case of my inconvenience. In my years of surgery practice I had found a number of medical remedies had been very effective in saving the slave life like the Peruvian bark for malaria, and the opium for pain relief. I had been led towards a hidden secret enclosure by the cabin boy who had mumbled the word barracoon. I found with both horror and delight upon entering the male was laid outstretched in perfect comfort in the tiny private room like a prince of royalty. The patient was dressed in a tiny loincloth without his customary wrist and ankle chains. He was not strapped by a neck yolk either within an inner narrow cabin. He was burned throughout his naked body. However there had been no fires or fiery explosions on board the ship within my excellent hearing and prefect eye vision. My blood ran cold. The slave was very ill with some type of catching disease. The heat from the body was different like he was burning and suffocating at the same time. His body stench was not unbearable from his feces waste but mild which left me very puzzled. Our galleon was a medium-sized slaver carrying 139 slaves, 72 males and 60 females and seven children. The slaves were shackled two-by-two at the wrists and ankles. The low beam above the deck was four and a half feet spacing where the slave spend 16 hours out of 24 without standing. Usually, a trailing single lifeboat would carry all the sick slaves behind the ship however this was not the case today. The room smelled of tobacco smoke since it was a useful aroma over the continuous unbearable vomit and feces of the chained slaves. I wondered if one of the ship mates had become quite violent and then burned his cigar on the poor chap being covered in red blisters from burns. His lips were raw and chapped too. From my closer inspection I inferred the slave had been forced fed to ensure good health for working the cotton fields in Georgia. His face was pox with red blisters too. I gingerly punched his arm with my forefinger. He did not response. I gingerly punched his cheek with my forefinger. He did not response. I gingerly punched his chest with my forefinger. He did not response. I leaned into his nostril barely feeling a warm breathe and hearing a cheery exhale when I saw the ugly abrasion on his arm. I gingerly stoked the surface with my forefinger feeling no blisters but a raised mark. The mark felt like lettering of Braille from a blind man’s learning book. The slave had apparently scraped his arm upon a rough surface long before entering the ship. The mark was old and settled and did not seem related to the current bout of semi-circled red blisters and overall over heated skin surface. I sprinkled the very effectively Spanish fly assortment of body parts over the raw heated surface, pressing them well in with the finger then observed. He did not response. Against an overwhelming onslaught of blistered raw boils I could not fathom the unfamiliar disease or the brutal impact on the poor soul, when the door parted. The captain looked both sullen and silent. He dismissed my medical services with a slight nod staring at the red-colored slave. I turned and left the barracoon when I bumped into the first mate along the narrow walls of the tight corridor. A chap named Jonathan Richardson, his father was a formal sailor from England too. He offered his usual smirk as a good sign of friendship then tarried towards the barracoon. I had grown friendly with the first mate since our sleeping hammocks sway side by side over the young slave boys from Africa. We were their unofficial guardians on their maiden voyage. I stood watching Jonathan enter the barracoon then turned for the stairs. I scrambled to the deck to taste the luxury of fresh air and water. I saw the first mate climbing onto the deck then scatted in a panic towards the cargo hold with sugar, spices, pottery, and other tangible items,” gasps then views Skippy. She nods. “This is radiation poison and the effects on a human body including red blisters and burn marks. The slave must have carried the ark on board the ship as part of his task. There’s no doubt in my mind as a physician.”
Cody nods. “We’ve found, verified and confirmed a case of radiation poisoning on a slave-ship departing the country of Africa sailing over the ocean waters towards the US State of Georgia. Yee-haw! Now, we look up all the retired and wealthy slave-ship captains who took up residence in America. Don’t bother locating or searching for any retired slave-captains in the other thirteen colonies of Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Connecticut, Rhode Island, North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, Maryland, Delaware, New…”
Yorkie frowns at Cody. “No, the captain only commanded orders to the ship mates. The first mate was like the vice-president of a company that saw to the captain’s orders. We should investigate the first mate of the story, Cody. The first mate saw the burnt body then saw the ark inside the cargo hold, if this personal journal was accurate. The first mate probably opened the wooden crate exposing his face and torso with the radiation particles too. The first mate would have died next. Look up a first mate named Jonathan Richardson in the year 1829,” when skulls nods.
Silence in the room as everyone thumb-types on the mobile telephone.
Fucner frowns. “I’ve only found a dead Jonathan Richardson in England from the year 1915 and one in prison and one in business and one in…”
“We need more information, Cody.” Islander nods.
Skippy frowns. “The captain didn’t see the ark. If the first mate saw the ark then got exposed then he traveled back home to his native country of England as cited in the journal. He probably died on the ship then was thrown overboard. Or he got really sick with them ugly red blisters then he was tossed from the ship like the poor slaves from Africa. Back then, a dead body wasn’t taken home, since the captain and crew were afraid of contamination of an unknown germ or virus. The body was disposed of very quickly on the sea,” nods.
 Cody frowns. “We’re so close. This is so frustrating. Brone is on his way to collect the gold now.”
Islander frowns. “I agree. You need to alert all the nuclear plants for an invasion. Okay, that sounds stupid coming from my lips too,” exhales.
Skippy nods. “The White House has done that already. Let’s keep us the pace and try to figure out Brone’s next plan.”
Yorkie smiles, reading her mobile telephone. “I found something. In the year 1712 South Carolina was the first slave state that established a slave code for marking the slave with the appropriate owner. After the slave was brought from the auction block, the owner branded his property with his unique plantation identification mark which was used in case of a runaway slave. Cody’s right all the slaves were marked but after they arrived on land, not during the ship voyage. That’s a good idea, Cody. I’m out of ideas too. Anyone got another suggestion?”
Cody frowns. “Thanks. What am I missing here? What avenue needs to be explored next?”
Silence invades the room when Fucner chuckles. “The history of tattoos began over 5,000 years ago. Persian women tattooed their own breasts as a mark of an exotic beauty for capturing an alluring lover,” laughs. “And I bet that hurt like hellish biting fanged hounds. I’m wouldn’t fuck a pissed off tattooed girl. In Greece and Rome the slaves and criminals were all tattooed. That’s an excellent idea. Here in America, every convicted criminal should be tattooed then shunned or shot or shooted on sight…,” laughs with the others. “Let’s see. Celts, Asians, English knights all tattooed their bodies. So why in hell didn’t they catch Hep C and die? The whole world population explosion thing would have never happened then the globe would occupy lesser folks of one billion mouths to feed instead of seven billion…”
Islander smiles and raises his personal switchblade, winking at Fucner. “Cause, man they used their own blade to bleed on, not their buddy’s…,” laughs with Cody and Skippy.
Fucner frowns. “Whatever. Africans didn’t tattoo. The Negro skin is too dark to tattoo. They did scarifications or scarring their skin. Dang, I thought piercing your nose holes hurt. For a good scarification you lift the skin a little then make a cut with a knife. Sand grains are rubbed into the cut wound making a raised scar into a unique pattern on the body. That’s sick and hurts. The raised scarring felt like Braille lettering to the naked fingertips. A young royal prince or princess would be scarred on the upper arm of the body where the skin muscle was the toughest…”
“Braille, Braille lettering,” yells Yorkie.
Skippy nods. “He mentioned Braille lettering on the slave. Where’s the medical surgeon’s personal story?”
“Looking, I’m bringing it up now,” thumbs-types on her mobile telephone. Yorkie reads out loud. “I gingerly punched his chest with my forefinger. He did not response. I leaned into his nostril barely feeling a warm breathe and hearing a cheery exhale when I saw the ugly abrasion on his arm. I gingerly stoked the surface with my forefinger feeling no blisters but a raised mark. The mark felt like lettering of Braille from a blind man’s learning book. The slave had apparently scraped his arm upon a rough surface long before entering the ship. The mark was old and settled and did not seem related to the current bout of semi-circled red blisters and overall over heated skin surface. The scarification was on the slave’s arm. O my gawd, he was a really prince of Africa,” winks at Cody. “This is our proof, ya’ll.”
Fucner slaps Cody on the bicep. “Good going, kid. The Ark of the Covenant left Israel then rode on a camel’s ass into Africa. The king or a nasty member of the royal family pondered both the ark and the prince off on a slave-trader probably for lots of shiny coinage from the white man. Money makes the world go round and round and round…”
Islander says. “Look up the death records…”
Skippy says. “Look up the vessel records in the year 1829. The captain had to identify the dead slave or face some hefty money fines from the US Government during this delicate era of slave trading. Or he would have been accused of neglect then hanged for his crime.”
Islander frowns. “Why didn’t they just toss the body overboard? The historical sailing records told that method was used quite often with success when a person was sick or dead.”
Skippy grins. “Ah, this tale is a little different. There’s a surgeon from England writing down everything like a spy or an ally. There’s the loss of sixteen or more crewmen out of forty. That’s about forty percent of his shipping crew. The US Government, the crew families and the ship-owner will want to know who and why. The captain was smart keeping the sick slave. The ill slave had carried a contagious disease on board the ship killing half the crew, therefore the captain will be cleared of any wrong doings.”
Cody nods. “The ill slave died on board ship then he would have been properly buried…”
Islander frowns. “Why are there vessel records of slaving ship? I thought the ships were like ghosts stealing people then dropping them off during the night under the moon.”
Skippy reads from the mobile telephone the internet information. “On March 2, 1807 the US Congress outlawed the African slave trade which became effective on January 1, 1808. However the right to buy and sell slaves and to transport them from one slave state to another was still constitutional.”
Fucner exhales. “Past-year US Congress acts like the present-day US Congress, heated large bodies of do nothings.”
Cody reads the internet information from his mobile telephone. “Okay, every captain master of a vessel shipping more than forty tons was required to file a manifest of the slave cargo, the port of departure, the port of arrival for payment of port fees. The manifests are arranged chronologically too. The captain’s name, a description of each slave on the vessel including name, age, sex, height, name of owner or shipper, and color…”
Yorkie says. “SUSY-Q, bring up the slave-ship manifests for the year 1826 please.”
Fucner frowns. “We don’t know the name of the ship or the name of captain and the log wouldn’t name the first mate either. This won’t help our search and it will take hours, days, nights, weekends, weeks, and months to…”
Skippy nods. “We know. We’re searching for a dead slave without a name but with a branding mark. Cody just told ya that the ship had to give a detailed description of each slave as the cargo. SUSY-Q, can you search for the word brand?”
The robot drones. “Processing, Captain Skippy.”
Skippy nods. “The captain would not have described the prince’s mark as a tattoo or a scar which could have opened up some busy bodies questions about the slave’s dead plus untimely deaths of his crew. A scar or tattoo might’ve warned the captain of the slave’s virus or contamination medical condition which the captain totally ignored for money. So the captain would have described the precise details of the slave including his scar to distinguish the ugly red blisters confirming that the slave was carrying a virus which he really was. However the captain would have used the common term of brand or branding as if the slave was being transported from another slave state.”
The robot drones. “I have found an entry with the phase word branded. The slave-ship is named Wild Dolphin from the country of England under the captain master of Tom Clarkson. There is a single entry with the word branded. The passage reads as follows, without the proper grammar. Negro, 40 years old, male, six feet tall, brown skin tone, branding on left arm. There is an additional captain’s note. The slave body with the branding died on May 13, 1829 and was buried in the cemetery at Savannah, Georgia by the first mate of the Wild Dolphin. Jonathan Richardson departed from Georgia withdrawing his commission as first mate of the Wild Dolphin the next day. He set out for Alabama near the area of Athens, the home of his family ancestry…,” when cheers and claps invade the room.
Islander smiles and claps. “We found it. Jonny-boy got sick with radiation poisoning too. He quit his job and returned home to Alabama. We’re getting so close.”
“Why did he get sick too? Why’s the ark radiated also? How did he get so swiftly sick too? How did the crew get so sick, so fast? My understanding, radiation poison’s a slow burn.” Fucner frowns.
Cody nods. “God doesn’t want anyone else to see or touch the ark. It’s like his cell phone to heaven for use when Brother Jesus returns. That’s why it’s radiated to keep us dummies away, not to burn our fragile flesh and boil our blood.”
Yorkie nods. “The ark is a dense potent box of captured radiation. By touching the gold which has radiation particles you are immediately exposed. The radiation is absorbed directly into your sweat glands of your epidermis. If you open the box then your eyeballs and nose holes are exposed sucking up the radiation particles down into your esophagus and lungs. I’m guessing here. Each crew member got curious then opened the box for a look-see being and then was exposed to radiation like Jonathan and the slave. There isn’t a cure for radiation poisoning in the 21st century much less in the 19th century. They died mercifully fast.”
Fucner frowns. “How in the fuck do ya know that Richardson took the ark with him? How in the fuck don’t ya know that it is buried with the prince-slave? How in the fuck don’t ya know that the captain or one of the other crewmen took the damn box and then buried it one of them in their personal individual grave too?”
Islander fingers and frowns at his mobile telephone. “The captain-master of the Wild Dolphin Tom Clarkson died in the next year 1830 at his home estate in Savannah, Georgia from a violent ailment. The box, being opened and closed by the curious crew, probably drifted the radiation particles around the ship for three weeks. The average sea voyage was three to four weeks all alone and isolated with the wind blowing the shit around and around inside that inner room. the walls were radiated too. I bet each member and the other slaves all died an early death because of the Ark of the Covenant.”
Fucner frowns. “We did a run on Jonathan Richardson’s death. We didn’t find his grave site.”
Yorkie frowns. “There are millions of dead people and millions of tomb stones in the ground. The internet doesn’t name every single person that has died between the beginning of time and present day. We needed to pinpoint his birth or death and we have in Alabama. Where’s Athens, Alabama?”
Cody smiles then reads the mobile telephone with the internet information. “It’s right around the corner of here in Huntsville. I used to live here. I’m more familiar with north Bama then Birmingham except Athens isn’t near a river basin. Athens, Alabama was incorporated in November 19, 1818, the seat of Limestone County. There are 39 square miles of land and 0.1 miles of water. See, there’re no pond lakes within the county to drop off a three-foot ark of gold. The land elevation is 798 feet. The population is over 24,000. It’s the oldest incorporated city in Alabama.
Yorkie smiles. “We access the Athens Cemetery and find out when Jonathan Richardson died.”
Fucner frowns and shakes his skull. “Naw, now, we found him. He lives in Athens, Alabama. Pull up your radiation map and ping Athens, Alabama. The map will pinpoint where the radiated copper scroll is located.”
Cody frowns. “Athens doesn’t have any fresh lake ponds deep enough to hide a radiated box.”
Fucner says. “You’re going on the ass-umption that the ark is radiated under the water of a fresh pond. So just zap the radiation chart on the wall and find the damn pond. SUSY-Q, obey and do it,” when the robot shows the radiation chart of the United States. “Not that map, it shows all red warning dots of dangerous radiation. Let’s do the…,”
Yorkie says. “SUSY-Q, please pinpoint the city of Savannah, Georgia,” when the map shows the area. She says. “Let us address Fucner’s questions first. Remove all the radiation spikes from the earth soil and outer space and the nuclear plant please,” when the map lightens. “Enlarge the cemetery square where the slave and Captain Tom Clarkson are buried,”’ when the map lightens again. “Read my pink radiation spikes, SUSY-Q.”
“The radiation spike is .00000001 millirads,” drones the robot.
Yorkie nods. “The dead do glow in the dark at very low levels. I conclude the Ark of the Covenant was not buried with the prince-slave or Captain Clarkson. Therefore the only conclusion is that the ark went with his first mate. One reason, the first mate was probably sick with radiation poisoning. Second, crew members were devoted to a good captain making them money especially during the slave trade era. Richardson would have carted off the weird box with the weird contents to preserve his captain honor like a good seaman. Three, Richardson was very sick during his travels heading home to Alabama for rest and recuperation, not understanding radiation sickness. He wasn’t thinking about the ark only getting home and getting better with his health,” nods. “SUSY-Q, please show us the Athens Cemetery,” when the map shows the square area in pink. “Hmm, I expected to see higher pink spikes with a body of water…”
“There’re no lake fresh lakes around Athens, Alabama. I told ya that a few minutes ago,” frowns Cody.
Yorkie frowns at the image. “The pink spike is almost the same measurement as Savannah, Georgia.”
Islander asks. “Do bodies give our radiation, Yorkie?”
Yorkie frowns. “Not after death, SUSY-Q, please pinpoint the grave site of Jonathan Richardson.”
Fucner frowns. “How can SUSY-Q do that?”
Skippy says. “She accesses the outer space satellites then scans in real time the geographical area...”
The robot drones. “There is not a physical tombstone for the deceased person named Jonathan Richardson, Doctor Yorkie.”
Yorkie says. “Hmm, there’re no high radiation spikes, no bodies of water, and no tombstone for Richardson. SUSY-Q, check the death record archives for Jonathan Richardson.”
The robot drones. “There is no mention of the name Jonathan Richardson.”
“I’m getting worried,” says Cody.
“I’m getting nervous,” says Islander.
“I’m getting thirsty,” smiles Fucner.
Yorkie says. “Hmm! SUSY-Q, is there another grave cemetery site within Limestone County? If so, please show the physical map on the wall first then locate the tombstone of Jonathan Richardson.”
The robot shows the map of flat partially green grass and red dirt between the vertical stone tombstones. “The Legg Cemetery is located in the western part of Limestone County. There is no location of a tombstone for Jonathan Richardson.”
Cody nods. “I think we’re getting closer. SUSY-Q, check the archives for the name Jonathan Richardson.”
The robot drones. “There is not a name for Jonathan Richardson, Mr. Cody.”
Yorkie orders. “SUSY-Q, search the archives for individual names of Jonathan then Richardson.”
The robot drones. “There is not an individual reference to either the singular proper name Jonathan or Richardson.”
“Dead end!” Fucner frowns.
Yorkie says. “SUSY-Q, please send an electronic listing of every grave head stone name from the Legg Cemetery to the team members.”
Fucner frowns at his mobile telephone waiting the downloading of the information. “My cell don’t have that much space left…”
“It will after you purge the porn pics,” chuckles Islander with Cody.
Skippy frowns with annoyance. “Fucner, that cell phone’s a property of the US Federal Government for business use, not personal use. You remove all your personal shit tonight.”
Yorkie scans her mobile telephone then the team members, saying. “SUSY-Q is quick. The listing is downloading now. I want everyone to review each name. I suspect Jonathan Richardson might have died very quickly from radiation poisoning. Back then in the year 1829 people were both stupid and superstitious. We have tracked him here. Therefore Jonathan came home, not from war then died. The old country doctor would have found Jonathan dead in the bed or on top of the sofa then pronounced him gone. The funeral was quick and fast to prevent a panic of an unknown illness. Mr. Richardson probably looked like a piece of good tasting pork rib, red and gooey. That image would scare even a city physician. Based on my medical assumptions Jonathan Richardson is buried here. The Legg Cemetery was the first burial plots in Athens, Alabama before opening the Athens Cemetery. Now, the Legg Cemetery doesn’t allow any more burials here since the 1970s. Good luck to us,” she exhales. “Hmm, the listing is divided between white graves and black graves. I see deceased infants, one at five weeks old, twins at two months and five days old. They died in the year 1886. So sad! Wow, this man belonged to Company ‘B’ of the 50th Alabama Infantry. William ‘Hop” and David were brothers killed in front of the Ezra Church during the Battle of Atlanta in July 1865. They were born in November 1835. They were only 30 years old during the Civil War,” exhales. “Unbelievable, seeing this listing, people lived back then, fought in a war and then died on American soil for a cause...”
Skipper nods and reviews the listing. “This is why we’re finding and fighting Brone to keep our America Heritage alive and well to past onto our grandchildren…”
Fucner frowns at his mobile telephone. “No Richardson.”
Islander nods at Yorkie. “There’s no Richardson.
Yorkie looks quickly down the listing then nods. “Okay, not this method, either. I’m not finished with my examination, ya’ll. He has to be here. Bring up the cemetery name listing upon the wall please, SUSY-Q in alphabetic order, if you can.”
The robot drones. “Processing, Doctor Yorkie,” then a set of individual rows of last and first names with numeric dates shine upon the wall.
Yorkie says. “Scroll down every five seconds to a new row, SUSY-Q.”
The robot drones. “Yes, Doctor Yorkie.”

Ten minutes later.
Fucner eye rolls then stands, swinging to the buffet table for a beverage. The others sit at the table when Yorkie shakes her curls. “I was so certain.”
Islander says. “Stop, SUSY-Q. This is an electronic file of the names not a roster. Enlarge the bottom row of sentences, SUSY-Q,” when the sentence appear on the wall. Islander reads out loud. “The grave markers of number one through 855 do not appear within this text. The presentations are represented as flat head tombstone inscriptions on the grounds. Well, that ends our electronic search. We’ll going to have to tour the Legg Cemetery…”
Yorkie shakes her curls. “Not necessarily, SUSY-Q, could you please use your optic lens, scan the Legg Cemetery, then display the flat head tombstones on the wall one at a time as you uncover all the grave death in the year 1829, only. Thank you.”
The robot drones, “Processing, Doctor Yorkie.”
Fucner returns to his seat, frowning and reading his new texts messages. “He ain’t here. What’s the next step?”
Islander nods. “We go to the local courthouse and then search by hand each paper record. There would be a listing of every death in the year 1829 plus their ailment of death. Right, Yorkie?”
Yorkie nods. “Correct, Islander,” exhales. “I can do that part of the research with my time.”
Skippy frowns at her. “How’da ya know about the Legg Cemetery as opposed to the Athens?”
Yorkie wiggles her mobile telephone, smiling. “There’s always an older shut-down cemetery within all the older townships. The old cemetery was family-owned making money from the deceased then the local city government came in and purchased the surrounding lands for grave plots or they purchased new land for grave plots. The old cemetery was closed mostly for public interest of getting the cost of maintaining a plot of tombstones cheap and easy. I also accessed the internet information while the robot was processing my request. I wasn’t certain but quite confident that there was a second grave site.”
Cody thumb-types his mobile telephone. “The Legg Cemetery is located in the western part of Limestone County. That’s almost of the city limits of Athens if I remember correctly…”
“Actually, it’s located inside a town called Tanner,” she reads her mobile telephone. “Hmm, the first mayor of Athens was ironically named Sam Tanner. When mayor he incorporated the western part of the Limestone Country into the Athens city limits. The Tennessee River lies along the southwestern edge of both Morgan and Limestone countries…”
The robot drones and projects an image on the wall. “The first tombstone with a death in the year 1829 states Old Mack. The tombstone is chiseled with: He burnt inside his home. 20th February 1829.”
Fucner laughs then sours. “Is that a joke or what? It ain’t very funny.”
“No, it’s not a joke. During the early nineteenth century the United States received thousands of immigrants from foreign countries throughout the world. Some of the immigrants couldn’t read or write their own Christian name. And some immigrants were alone trying to make a living to support a family in a foreign country or running away from poverty to the new land of America. When a tragic accident occurred here in America, sometimes the local neighbors didn’t know the immigrant. I suspect that Old Mack might be a very good example of an immigrant who couldn’t speak English. The poor man died on a cold night in Alabama when the fireplace ash catch on a blanket then burned him into cinders,” she exhales. “So sad! This is not our man, the next one, please, SUSY-Q.”
The robot drones and projects the next image. “The second tombstone with a death in the year 1820 states Old Pete. The tombstone is chiseled with: He died under the plow. 10th August 1829.”
Yorkie moans. “No, the next one please.”
The robot drones and projects the next image. “The third tombstone with a death in the year 1820 states Old Red. The tombstone is chiseled with: He died red and juicy like a beef rib. 22th May 1829.”
Fucner laughs with the others. “What the hell does that mean red and juicy?”
Yorkie giggles then covers her mouth, wiping the tears of laughter. “I…I…we…found Jonathan Richardson. I was only joking about his body being covered in red and gooey liquid. This is our man, Jonathan Richardson died in Tanner, Alabama on May 18, 1829,” exhales and smiles.
Islander reads his mobile telephone. “I can confirm. The rural farm town of Tanner is an unincorporated community among the tri-cities of Athens, Decatur, and Huntsville. It lies along on the Tennessee River. The river is housing the gold from the Ark of the Covenant. This is it, ya’ll. Tanner has humid sub-tropic climate…”
Fucner frowns. “The weather’s hot sizzling summertime so’s everyone wear deodorant and clean underwear.”
Islander smiles and yells. “Yee-haw! Are we leaving for Tanner, Alabama now, skipper?”
Yorkie says. “SUSY-Q, please bring up the radiation map of Huntsville, Alabama then remove the Huntsville Nuclear Plant, the earth and outer space radiation spikes for all people, animals, and land, and machines in the cities of Athens, Decatur, and Huntsville. Then I would like for you to display the remaining pink spikes. Thank you,” when a tiny spot colors in pink.
Skipper smiles and shakes his skull. “Holy shit!”
“My mama!” Cody drops his mouth.
“His mama,” chuckles Islander.
“I can’t believe its not yellow butter ‘cause its yellow gold. We be rich, ya’ll. Do I get a share of the gold nuggets too, maybe one pound or so, Yorkie? Please ask Mr. President for me,” Fucner nods and chuckles.
Yorkie smiles. “SUSY-Q, please locate the single pink spike.”
The robot drones. “The geographical location is 34.67787 latitude and -86.99334 longitude. The geographical location is named Swan Creek inside Limestone County. The closest residential geographical landmark is 18936 Harris Road of Tanner, Alabama. The only transport to the location is by water transportation. The single radiation spike is emitting .0000813 millirads from underneath the water of the Tennessee River, Doctor Yorkie.”
Cody stands and dances then Fucner stands and dances. They hip bump the fist bump, laughing and hooting. Skipper laughs with Islander.
Yorkie giggles then exhales. “The White House believes it is a riddle indicating the first explosion of a US Nuclear Plant, since Brone has identified every nuclear monitoring station on his cute little web site map as a projected target while stirring up trouble with the American public and the American politicians. However which one is Brone going to blow while he steals the sliver of copper scroll from the Tennessee River?”
Fucner tosses his hands and his sandwich as it flies along the table surface, frowns with fury. “Wait a fucking minute, a jewelry thief and a nuclear plant have nothing in common…”
Yorkie nods. “Only an illegal gang of zealous terrorists who want to blow up America piece by piece and body by body, they’re crusaders of God.”
Islander frowns. “What dumbass idiot invited them illegal boys and girls to Alabama?”
Skippy smiles. “The dead and buried Governor Ashmore from the great State of Alabama.”
Fucner shakes his skull, frowning with frustration. “Fucking ass figures, gawd, politicians ain’t worth a damn ten percent copper penny…”
Islander smiles at Fucner. “Ya know the US Congress eliminated the copper from the penny within the US currency system. It is only .001 percent of copper and .9991 of something else. So what does Brone want with melted down gold inside a busted ark of the petrified wood dumped into the Tennessee River?”
Cody shakes his skull. “I was proposing a theory, not the real answer. Brone can buy his own gold with his billions of dollars.”
Islander shakes his skull. “Brone cannot, not in this world economy, not that much gold, not without immediate suspicious and heavy questioning, not without discovery of his secret identity of a jewelry thief, a mass murdered, a terrorist agent, an illegal alien…”
Cody nods. “Good point, Is.”
Fucner grins. “What about the Shego mystery person in the video with tiny Alvin beating the shit out of skipper?” he chuckles with the others.
Yorkie frowns at Skippy. He nods then she views Cody, nodding. “Shego is the dead girlfriend also named Sheba, who is both named Alvin and Dorothy. Yeah, it’s confusing and complicated. The White House believes she is one of his many girlfriends doing one of his many dangerous tasks. I agree with Skippy. Dorothy was seeking revenge when she recognized Skippy, accidentally while Skippy was tailing her, lousy. The pageant explosion was a ruse from Brone. He’s really after the copper scrolls inside the weather beaten and drown wooden chest.”
“Naw!” Islander says.
Skippy says. “Nope.”
“Yeah,” nods Cody then raises his palm, smiling.
Fucner shakes his skull. “O no, the kid raised his hand. He’s got the right answer, teacher.”
Cody says. “Hey, I read. The lastest buzz, buzz from the busy bees, the Ten Commandments were imprinted upon two copper scrolls by God, not stones. Some scholar or priest had found a tiny piece of a copper scroll dating back about 3,000 years even with the stone tablets of the Ten Commandments and the Ark of the Covenant. In First King 7:14, ‘he was the son of a widow of the tribe of Naptali and his father was a man of Tyre, a worker of bronze. He came to King Solomon and did his work on the temple.’ The front porch of Solomon’s Temple, the first temple of Jerusalem was designed with two copper pillars, the tops in the shape of lilies. Eventually the temple built an inner chamber holding the Ark of the Covenant. The lengths of the temple were decorated with twelve oxen, three facing north, three facing west, three facing south, and three facing east. All rear parts were inward. The temple took thirteen years to complete. Solomon also built a house on the forest of Lebanon. Within the stated color hues in the Bible, the Hebrew word ‘nechosheth’ is translated as bronze or copper. Copper was a metal highly prized for its strength and durability. In the Book of Genesis 4:22, ‘Zillah gave birth to Tubal Cain, the forger of bronze and iron.’ The word bronze is symbolized by suffering and sacrifice. In the Book of Job 28:2, ‘iron is taken from the dust. Copper is smelted from rock.’ Gold is the first metal of the ancient days of Moses. Copper is the oldest work tools which is combined with some type of alloy. The word copper appears in the Book of Ezra 8:27 ‘two copper eating utensils.’ In the book of Second Timothy 4:13, ‘when you come, bring my cloak, my scrolls, especially the parchments. The coppersmith did me a great deal of harm.’ Whatever that message is meant to reveal to the devious coppersmith? Anyways, there’re two types of writing materials, metal copper scrolls and paper parchments. A coppersmith had the ability to write on copper scrolls. Copper was combined from two percent tin which produced bronze that was hard enough to be used for weapons, armor, utensils, scrolls, and sculptures. The entire small country of Cyprus was the major source of copper in the Mediterranean. Copper is a reddish metal that can be easily shaped by hammering and can be polished to a shining a finish product. I offer my arguments.”
Yorkie smiles and nods. “All accepted and approved too.”
Islander frowns with frustration. “This man named Brone is claiming ownership of the copper scrolls, because his ‘great to whatever power’ grandfather from the Bible’s ancient history was a worker of bronze too.”
Fucner frowns. “First, Brone was stealing the ring of King Solomon and then the Ark of the Covenant from the Israel and now the copper scrollies from God. I’m getting really confused first and thirsty, second. SUSY-Q, please bring me a tall cold mug of beer. Thank you,” when the robot exits the room.
Yorkie nods. “I believe the man nicknamed Brone is deceiving everyone with his mental sick games and physical murdering schemes. A piece of 3,000 year old petrified wood exists. A sliver of copper scroll exists,” smiles and raises the wood. “Rusting is a specific term for corrosion of iron compounds. Gold is the most inert, non-reactive of all the earth metals. It will never rust in oxygen either atmospheric or in liquid solution. Copper and nickel do not rust. Petrified wood does not rust. But all there earth minerals can absorb and hold radiation for millions of years. When you add the wood and the copper them together, you get the Ark of the Covenant. When you mix a single international thief with a gang of international terrorists, you get Americans killed. You are my new team of saving Americans. And I’m trying to figure out which nuclear plant the terrorists will blow up first.”
Cody chews then fingers. “Brone answered the question for you, Yorkie. Huntsville, Alabama is the one number outer space pinging station in the world with the highest number 420 on the red dot of his web site. SUSY-Q, please bring up the Heavenly Incorporated web site and that USA map please,” when the wall shows the map with the red dots. He says. “Brone has already danced our radiation two-step using the same logical steps pin pointing the Ark of the Covenant in here in Alabama underneath the Tennessee River too. He doesn’t know exact located either like us rednecks. SUSY-Q, show us the radiation map around the Huntsville Nuclear Plant please,” when the map shows a semi-circle of red. He says. “Ya’ll see a nuclear plant pumps out radiation ions which hits the clouds, the land, and fresh water. That’s why the radiation map is useless being all in bright pink for radiation. Brone can’t figure out either, except I bet he ain’t no fisherman like me and Brother Jesus. He’s probably systematically scampering in his wet suit around the river banks with his Geiger counter looking for a radiation spike hoping for some quick luck,” laughs. “Brone has been here in Huntsville for three days and two nights under his watchful eyeballs too. He has accomplished half of his primary goal. I translate for ya’ll. Brone has figured out a 3,000 year old remnant of the Ark of the Covenant hides inside the Tennessee River using outer space radiation. Two, he’s been blowing people from downtown Birmingham to uptown Huntsville, scaring the shit turds out of every law enforcement officer between Birmingham and the Tennessee state line while homing in on his primary target, the river bank. Three, he was brilliant setting up the pretend outer space pinging web site. Every scientist and redneck are outside on the manicured lawn or inside the cow pasture or on the smooth waves of the river with their nail brusher pinging their dick and then the sky for radiation spikes with Brone as one of them,” chuckles with the others. “And everyone’s not thinking about the nuclear plant but their own asses. Four, he’s moving probably right now while everyone’s too mourn and mad at the recent tragic deaths of beauty contestants all over the television, newspaper, cable, internet, and cell phones, not watching for him on a single fishing boat in a wet suit with a Geiger counter...”
Skippy slaps his hand, exhaling. “We need to move now.”
Cody raises his palm, chuckling. “Ya corndogs don’t get it. Wait, I got more information.”
Fucner chews. “Give it, right after I finish my beer.”
Cody says. “The Tennessee River was expanded from the God-made Cherokee River when the land flooded from the average rain storms. So the Tennessee River is a system of dams and locks operated by the TVA or Tennessee Valley Authority. The river controls the flood waters, feeds the fertile farmlands in the lower regions along the river banks, and offers boating recreational fun and fishing adventures for the locals. Because the river is a dam…”
“Damn,” Fucner spits food. “Something to go wrong, as usual, I’m on the losing basketball team. Brone’s going to try to sabotage the damn dam,” chuckles and chews.
Cody shakes his curls. “Actually, Brone would be smarter to rise the water level way around the low lying creeks, particularly Swan Creek. It’ll make our rescue of the gold extremely difficult. The average water level is 16 feet, good home for snakes. Yeah, shit! You can’t see your own four fingers in the shallow waters of the Tennessee River. It made by man, not by God. The visibility is a negative ten or more. This is not the crystal clear waters of the Pacific or the seaweed waters of the Gulf of Mexico or the cold waters of the Atlantic Ocean. The river is nothing but chopped down oak tree stumps from a swampy forest in the 1930s before I was even birthed. One of us needs to travel to Marshall County to the city of Guntersville. Guntersville has a population of 8,000. Guntersville was founded by John Gunter who was born in 1765 and then died in 1835. He was the great-grandfather of the humorist Will Rogers. Every July, the town holds the Will Rogers Festival…”
Skipper nods and smiles. “I be damned I didn’t know that fact…”
Cody smiles and reads his mobile telephone. “Guntersville sits on top a 69,000 acre lake, the biggest lake in Alabama too. Guntersville, Alabama is located at the southern point of the Tennessee River, where the Guntersville Dam was built by the TVA. One of us needs to ensure that Brone or Brone’s crony doesn’t sabotage that particular dam. This is a critical leak where flood waters would destroy Decatur and then increase the water level at Swam Creek drowning us in the process while loving for the gold. This is not going to be as easy as it sounds, lady and gentlemen.”
Skippy nods. “Each one of us completely understands.”
Islander smiles then sours. “Okay, we’ve solved the mysterious location of the Ark of the Covenant. So let’s talk about ending world hunger or setting up world peace. Ya know I wished life really worked like this. What about the mysterious dead bodies from the Miss Starlit Pageant? How do they fit together?”
Cody smiles, tossing his free arm, nods. “Too perfect, too ingenious, there’s a TVA Scavenger Hunt being held on Thursday, Friday and Saturday of this week along the Tennessee River with nightly fireworks and free picnic baskets and dozens of fishing rodeos with paid prize monies to commemorate the eighty birthday of the Tennessee Valley Authority partnership with all the US States bordering the river banks…”
Fucner frowns with confusion. “Fuck it, Cody! People and dogs are going to die…”
Skippy smiles and nods. “Naw, we be stopping it all. Where do we go to register for the fishing tournament, Cody?”
Cody smiles at Skippy. “Folks’ll be camping, fishing, boating, swimming, and we need a legal fishing permit. Fishing isn’t allowed at the recreational sights with the boating and skiing. Obtain a fishing permit from the Decatur City Hall, SUSY-Q…”
The robot drones, “Processing your request, Mr. Cody.”
Cody nods and smiles. “Because the Alabama park rangers love to harass folks about non-permits and sometimes dump your ass in jail for a day or two just for shit and giggles, since they can and they do.”
Skippy smiles and claps. “We need fishing boats, fishing gear and car and air transportation from Huntsville to Decatur.”
Islander frowns with confusion and fingers the wall in the direction of the city. “Decatur’s right up the road less than an hour from here by car, skipper.”
Skippy smiles and shakes his skull. “Naw, we go as billionaires to blend into the fun festival. Brone won’t be searching for a group of nicely dressed billionaires for a good time fishing expedition who are out of town. Brone visited our secret location when he followed Alvin/Dorothy. We have to leave town, literally. SUSY-Q, please arrange four first class seats for a flight out of Huntsville on Thursday morning, the earliest hour possible…”
“Processing, Captain Skippy,” the robot drones.
Skippy says. “We land in B’ham, get some new clothes, then fly into a private air strip near Tanner then rent a chopper taking us to the hot spot of Swan Creek on the Tennessee River. We recover the copper scrolls and get out there. Brone will be too late then we spend the rest of the festival tracking down his ass at the birthday celebration. Yee-haw,” nods and smiles.
Yorkie nods and passes out the single sheets of papers. “They’re the lost victims of Brone’s plot, Islander. Everyone needs to sign this paper before going off and maybe getting killed. The paper is a legal document bequeathing your assets back to the US Federal Government. At this moment in your life, you do not have any surviving family members or kissing cousins as we southerns like to proclaim a little to proudly and loudly,” giggles. “This is standard protocol in a dangerous situation, especially for American warriors like you. As a matter of fact, the bottom line reads in tiny letters, the survivors of your mission get your entire bank account plus assets minus the liabilities, since ya’ll didn’t need it in heaven,” smiles. Cody signs then slides the paper to Yorkie first then the others copy his movement. She reviews the signatures and dates. “I’ll work with SUSY-Q to get the required fishing permit, sea and land gear and transports for your trip to Decatur. I will not be joining you billionaire boys, but I will be monitoring your progress for any emergency. I do have some long purse strings,” stands and smiles. “Chow, ya’ll!”
Skippy stands. “Today’s Monday. I’m ordering two days of vacation for ya’ll here in Huntsville. I’m helping get our gear and transports with Yorkie. We meet right here at 211 Clinton Avenue then take the limo to the airport and board the jet plane on Thursday at five o’clock. We fly home to Birmingham then a limo will come and pick ya up at your residence at seven o’clock. The limo will travel to a smaller private air strip with an awaiting private jet plane then we re-board a second jet and land in Decatur around nine o’clock or something like that. We accomplish one goal,” nods and smiles.”
Cody stands and claps, smiling. “Let’s go gold prospecting, Bama style…”

August 8th. Thursday.
8:06 am. Bessemer. Alabama. twenty-miles south of Birmingham. private air strip. private jet plane.
Islander walks from the small airport lounge in Bessemer wearing a business suit and necktie. The pavement is dull gray asphalt trees surround one side of the airport and a highway on the opposite side. There’re fields of grass, cows and horses behind the trees. The building is one-story with plenty of hot coffee and cold beverages. The shotguns, hand guns, the fishing gear and clothes are on board the jet plane. He and the other soldiers had lounged around the coffee shop like a group of rich vacationing businessmen waiting for the jet plane to fly back to Huntsville then return to Bessemer for the secret mission assigned by the White House. Islander walks beside Cody and behind Fucner, saying. “Who gets motion sickness? Good. If’an you vomit on my new cowboy boots, Fucner I’ll beat your ass into tomorrow…”
Cody chuckles, loading and sitting at the window, reads his mobile telephone. “There’s a shooting range around Swan Creek off of Harris Road. The shooting range distance is up to 100 yards with four ranges from 25, 50 to 100 yards side by side with dividing barriers. There’s a specific area for rifle shooting at some larger clay targets at 100 yards. This shooting range is operated by TVA west of Highway 31 at Harris Road in Tanner. Alabama. 35671. Mark it on your watches. 34 degree 40 minutes 51.74 minutes north and 86 degrees and 59 minutes 20.97 minute west in Tanner…”
Islander nods, sits and smiles. “This is our short sweet plan since I’ll the current field boss while Skippy’s riding on a different jet plane to Guntersville, Alabama. We three fly and land near the fishing pier in our helicopter acting like some rich city bastards then fly away quickly from Swan Creek with the treasure. No one’ll suspect at thing,” chuckles with Cody. The light weight plane roughly taxis on the smooth pavement then roaring in take-off, when Fucner turns green. Islander smiles. “I’m the pilot for both our private jet and helicopter for my shitty fun and your amusing entertainment, when I didn’t wanna attend my college courses. We’re going to a small air strip between the cities of Athens and Decatur on Highway 31 called Pryor Field. Pryor Field is located at latitude 34 degrees 39 minutes 14.600 minutes and longitude of 86 degrees 56 hours 43.300 minutes west, since Cody likes playing on his cell phone too much. We’ll greet and meet the aviation manager who will be very polite and helpful escorting us into the lounge with food and beverages.”
Fucner swallows then frowns. “Put away your cell phone, Cody or ya’ll get seasick from reading and flying…”
Cody thumb-types on his mobile telephone. “Naw, I don’t get scared like you Fucner,” chuckles with Islander. Fucner frowns holding his guts. Cody reads his mobile telephone. “Pryor Field became operational on September 1942. One runway covers 200 acres of land, publicly owned the city of Decatur, Alabama and open to the public for use like my free library card,” nods and chuckles with Islander. Cody studies Funcer’s green face. Fucner stands then moves towards the bathroom. Cody chuckles. “Pryor Field is site number 00251. The traffic advisory frequency is 123.075 Hz. The land elevation is 592 feet. Airspace determination is no objection. What’s that mean?”
Islander smiles. “You can go and land, without calling your mama.”
Cody nods and smiles. “During a calendar year, the aviation station runs air taxi operations of 150,000 flights for civilian and 12,000 for military. Wow. The lighting schedule is dawn to dusk, or sunrise to sunset. There’s no customs airport entry and no commercial landing fees either. The station provides transient storage for the jets.
Islander nods. “We stow the jet then take the copter to Swan Creek.”
Cody reads his mobile telephone. “Pryor field can accommodate 71 single engine aircraft; 12 multi- engine aircraft; two helicopters on site and on one operational glider. Glider? Can we use the glider and then glider down into Swan Creek. That’s more quiet and fun.”
Islander views the blue sky in the window. “Naw!”
Cody reads his mobile telephone. “There’s 25 feet paved shoulders with soft grassy inlays in case the pilot misses the runway,” laughs. “Did ya hear that one, Fucner?” Fucner holds his head between his legs when Cody and Islander chuckle. Cody reads to annoy Fucner and kill the air time on the flight. “Pryor Fields’ ID number is 18/36. The runway can hold a single wheel of 35,000 pounds; glider dual wheel of 55,000 pounds, dual tandem wheel of 95,000 pounds. The runway is 6,107 feet in length and 100 feet in width. The runway surface type is asphalt in good condition and the surface treatment is plastic grooved to soak up the rain drops from heaven,” chuckles.
Islander feels the drop in air pressure then hears the release of the landing gear. He studies the landscape at the window. “The physical elevation at touchdown is zoned at 592 feet then as we land it decreases to 588 feet like riding a smooth roller coaster,” fist-bumps with Cody. They turn and study Fucner, chuckling. He still has his head between his dick, moaning.
Cody presses his nose to the small round window. “Looks like someone imprinted the letter B two times with a gray ink pen onto the green grass. The black asphalt has faded in the bright sunlight between dirt red clay with a parking lot on the right for about ten trucks and a field of cotton on the left. Where’s the control tower so we don’t collide with another smaller plane?
“None. The clear green lighted signal means land at the airport, when the light is white means a no-go. The direction wind indicator is yes and lighted. Traffic pattern is left, so we’re coming from the right end of the street corner. We’re landing, boys. Fucner vomit in the bathroom, not on the copter. Ya heard me, son!” he fist-bumps with Cody then laughs.

9:12 am. Pryor Field. hot. humid. sunny. no rain. no clouds. 89°F
The plane taxis then halts under a metal tarp as a male smiles and nods to the pilot. Islander stands then opens the hatchway, leading the gang down the stairs. The pilot unloads the fishing gear since Cody, Islander, and Fucner wear fishing clothes. The male smiles and says. “Howdy there, nice to meet ya’ll! It’s a great day in Decatur, Alabama. Thanks for staying here for a spell. Ya’ll picked a good time to be here with the TVA Scavenger Hunt and all. The airport desk attendant can arrange any else you need, boys. Ben will move your jet into the hanger than check the instrument panel for any malfunctions all for free, of course. We fuel by truck at the price of $6.15. We have hot showers, a pilot’s lounge and a snooze room. We got lunch serving at 11:30 barbeque for ya’ll,” when Fucner gags then coughs turning from the manager. 
Cody and Islander chuckles. Islander clears his throat. “No thanks for lunch. Just top off the jet we’ll return in about four hours, sir. We chartered a copter. Is she ready to roll, sir?”
The manager checks his paper on the clipboard, nodding. “Yes, you can board at anytime,” smiles and nods then swings to lead. “There’re no security lines or long treks through us like a big commercial airport. Ya fly in, land then fly out in minutes, hours or the next day. Ya’ll are three miles northeast of Decatur or five miles northwest of Athens. Ya’ll are 10.9 miles west of Capshaw and 13 miles north of Redstone Point, the Army arsenal. You looked dress for some fishing. This be a good day with the celebration of the TVA birthday party…”
Islander leads and fingers the building with the large viewing glass windows. “Pryor Field holds three aircraft parking hangers, one passenger terminal with one coke machine and a lounge for school teachers and pilots and Fucner,” laughs with Cody. “There’s a snooze room for the exhausted pilot, a public telephone, two peeing restrooms and a set of bathing showers. This flight station is called the North Alabama Aviation or call sign to the pilots is Airnav.” Fucner slowly walks behind Cody and Islander panting then breathing heavy air molecules from the airplane ride.
Cody frowns. “I know we had to fax our flight plan to them but our private jet took off from Birmingham with Skippy then came back to Pryor Field then repeated the flight procedure. Ain’t someone going to be suspicious of our arrival?”
“Naw,” says Islander.
The manager smiles holding the door as Islander leads into the cool air conditioned room. Cody and Fucner pad towards the bathroom. The aviation manager fingers the room. “A popcorn stand with popcorn for free, an aviation treasure. Our pristine building has Wi-Fi, laptops. The pilot lounge has a laptop for teleconferencing to anyone in the world. Make yourself at home. Anything else, sir?” The aviation manager nods and smiles as Islander shakes his skull. “I’ll call your limo, sir. Thank you for visiting Airnav,” swings then exits the lounge.
Cody exits the bathroom smiling then pads to the popcorn machine. He racks up a sack of hot buttered popcorn. “This facility is new, roomy, and clean. Man, that bathroom’s spotless clean. I’m impressed. Southern hospitality is alive and well in Tanner, Alabama. This spot is a pleasant stop…,” when Fucner emerges from the bathroom, not smiling.
Cody chews on the popcorn as Islander fingers out the window. “Lookie, a limo for us billionaires has arrived. The copters are on the other side of the hanger away from the fixed aircraft. Grab your boots, or in Fucner’s case, your guts. We be flying to our fishing hole,” when Fucner groans.

9:33 am. three miles from Pryor Field. State Docks Road fishing pier. Tanner. Alabama. sunny. hot. humid. no clouds. no rain. 96°F.
The helicopter lands away from the walking pier, the small fleet of fishing boats, and one single two-story brick building on the flat grass and bluish-green murky water of the Tennessee River. Cody, Islander, and Fucner grab the fishing gear then slowly mosey down to the water.
Fucner snorts then moans. “Man, this place ain’t got nothin’. No boat docks, no fishing piers, no boat ramps, no shoreline and no pretty scenery No river bridges, no culverts, no boat marinas, no barge tug boat terminals, and no mooring cells…”
Cody says. “The entire Tennessee River watershed is divided into seven sections overseen by the TVA and this ain’t one of them, Fucner.”
The pier manager greets them at the front porch of the building. He waves and smiles. “Ya don’t look like local boys!”
Cody nods, stepping closer to the male, smiles. “I be one, sir. I’m from Ettaville, a local redneck. I’m bringing my city buddies to see the sights and sounds of our smooth country living. We be fishing around Swan Creek where it be nice and quiet from the ruckus of the noisy out of town visitors celebrating TVA’s birthday party.”
The manager scans his docking pier at the crowds of unfamiliar families, frowning with frustration. “Ya’ll be right about that, boy. All them folks come from all over Bama to have some fun, spoil the fishing. All the fish got scared and went home for the day,” views and smiles to Cody. “Welcome to the Tennessee River, boys the weather a beauty for some daylight fishing too. There’re largemouth bass, smallmouth bass near metro city Decatur waters up stream northwest and then down stream northeast into the Elk River near the city of Athens and catfish fishing too. The Bama fisherman’s record holder is a 111 pound catfish. The bluegill and crappie grow exceptionally fast here along the river banks. The largemouth bass grows from 12 to 15 inches. Do ya need baiting?”
Cody grins. “Naw, sir,” lifts the metal box. “My tackle box gots crank baits, Carolina rigs, and spinner baits,” nods.
The boat manager thumbs the building and nods. “My store gots some live night crawlers and frogs, if ya wanna ‘em.”
Islander nods holding the expensive fishing pole and tackle box. “We have plenty of baiting and tackle, sir. We’re interested in renting two small fishing boats for our fun today.”
The manager smiles and nods. “I can do that for ya’ll. Come this way, boys! I got a set of twins that are gassed and ready for some real fishermen,” swings towards the end of the pier. “Now, ya’ll boys be really carefully during your fishing adventure. The river waters rise right up into them tree roots where it’s dark and quiet. Snakes like dark and quiet too. But you should be safe if’an ya stay away from the tree roots. To your east, there’s Wheeler Lake, 74-miles of a long channel of water maintaining an average depth of 16-feet all the way to the Guntersville’s Dam…”
Fucner whispers. “That’s deep enough for scuba diving.”

11:31 am. Swan Creek. cool breeze. blackish-green water. hot. humid. 92°F.
Fucner cuts the engines as his boat drifts towards the river bank, narrowing his eyelids inside the sunglasses. He shouts at the second boat with Cody and Islander. “Swan Creek ain’t nothin’ but low lying maple trees, knee-high grass weeds, and chunks of wet red clay. No docking pier. No pretty naked girls. No beer stands. Do you have the precise correct geographical location, Cody?” 
Islander fingers the river bank. “This ain’t a seaside villa in pretty Florida. Ya saw the electronic map on SUSY-Q. She’s never wrong. And Brone’s not here either. That’s very wrong.”
Cody strips off his fishing clothing inside the boat, revealing a body wet suit for diving into the river. “Thick stump flats, numerous seaweed beds, steep muddy river bank, and small low water creek channels are here, ya right as usual, Fucner. This is an off-reservoir activity site that occurs along a perennial river or stream within the Tennessee River watershed…”
Fucner frowns at the dark murky water. “There’re perinea fishies that bite here.”
Cody dons the flippers and the helmet, flips the plastic face mask, winking at Islander. “There’re poisonous snakes that bite here.”
Fucner shakes his hands and skull at Cody. “Ah, shit! Why am I here?”
Islander shoves the shotgun into Funcer’s chest. “You are not. You’re watchdog, Fucner. Go and waste some ammo as prime lookout looking out for a wandering fishing boat or two coming to kill us here at Swan Creek.”
Cody hands the weapon to Islander. “This is your new best friend, a bang gun.”
Fucner snatches the weapon, aims then shoots the barrel into the wind. No bullets or sound. “It’s defective, Cody.”
“It works,” Cody jerks it from Fucner then gives to Islander. “It goes bang, bang under the water to keep the snakes from biting into your wet suit then killing ya dead. So’s I don’t have to drag your sorry dead ass to the surface for the $13,000 steel coffin,” chuckles with Islander.
Fucner fingers the water.” What we looking for Cody?”
Islander frowns. “The dang sliver piece of a copper scroll worth trillions of dollars…”
Cody exhales then nods. “When you go prospecting for gold you look for slow moving water that will help wash away any sediment. Phase one, seek. Look for gravel pits of accumulated stone pebbles that surround any large non-moving object like a chest or fallen boat engine motor. Rednecks get drunk out here then race and crash like automobiles. There’s lots of shit stuck in the red mud of the Tennessee River. The sediment bed will probably cover the thing with tons of mud and dirt. We might need a crane or fork lift to haul the damaged box out of the rotten wooden chest from the depths of the sediment bedding, since it’s been there since 1931. Search every large object. The river is man-made, not God-made. The entire bottom is filled with debris from whacked off tree including branches, wet leaves, big stumps, small rocks, and large boulders. Ya know limestone boulders from when they blasted the mountain to run the river through the existing low bottom Cherokee River eighty years ago...”
Fucner frowns at the murky water. “Jeezus, this is going to take years to do. I vote we attach a water-proof scope on SUSY-Q and let her look under the tree roots with the snakes.”
Cody exhales, not smiling. “Phase two, dig. We’ll have to dug through rocks, gravel, clay, and sediment from the location and move it away from the box keeping the sediment cloudless below eyeball visibility of a negative hundred. Phase three, removal. We’ll have to remove all the big rocks from around the box or we might have to lift the box with its new friends inside. Copper like gold forms an aggregate in quartz rocks and other earth minerals so’s I bet that the box is covered in agate rocks and maybe fool’s gold from the river…”
Islander peeks over the boat into the river. “The water’s very, very black and cloudy.”
Cody raises his gloved finger. “First fucking rule, water snakes are ovoviviparous and should not be touched or captured. The water moccasin snake is a venomous species belonging to the family Viperidae. The snake’s a pit viper related to the rattler snake and the copperhead…”
Islander moans. “Kissing cousins, I love it.”
Cody says. “The average long is 30 inches. If you can’t do math then divide by twelve inches that’s about two feet and half feet long, half of me. The baddie news, it’s been seen as long as six feet. That’s almost all of me.”
“Shit, why did I volunteer?” Fucner scans the water then the river banks and finally Cody.
Cody says. “The water moccasin has dark colors of brown, black and olive green to hide really well looking …looks at water…in this dank muck of dark brown piss shit called a river. The belly is white, the head is flattened and the snake’s pupils are vertical.”
Islander chuckles with nervousness. “Not to be rude, Cody but I don’t wanna verify your colorful description and I possess a weapon, so’s just get to the good stuff and hurry…”
Cody says. “The water moccasin likes swamps, rivers, irrigation ditches, rice fields, canals and streams which we’re disturbing in about two more minutes…”
Fucner tosses his hands. “Wait, this is a recreational area, Cody. If I was a snake I wouldn’t live here…,” chuckles.
Islander chuckles. “Ya ain’t that type of swimming snake, Fucner.”
“The venom has the ability to destroy your red blood cells making it a hemotoxin in your body. A bite injects the venom into a person’s system then you experience rapid swelling leading to necrosis of the surrounding tissues…”
Fucner frowns. “Necrosis is?”
Cody nods. “The bite’s lethal. So’s I say good bye now to you, because, buddy you will die before help arrives.”
Islander nods and grins. “Today’s a good day to die.”
Fucner scans the sky. “Bullshit, why I did volunteer for this crap?”
Islander laughs. “The money, ya got paid to get snake bite.”
“My last tip of the day, the venom of a water moccasin is more potent then a copperhead but not as strong as a rattler. Happy boys and girls,” Cody smiles and chuckles. “Water moccasins hunt their food at night using heat-sensing pit on their faces to locate and zoom in their meal. Your body has heat seeking devises to zoom onto the snake since we will be waking them up and looking like big ass frogs, their favorite food.”
“I require verification, Cody,” nods Fucner.
Cody says. “The snake will attack first then bites down if you try to resist.”
Fucner frowns. “That makes no fucking ass sense, Cody. If I jerk my hand from its mouth, it will bite me then poison me with its venom…”
Cody says. “If you try to resist, it will bite you, release you and track you down for its meal and consume your ass. Happy now, Fucner.”
Fucner frowns. “Naw.”
Cody says. “A water moccasin swims with its head fully above the surface and one third of its body below, so watch your hair roots except the smaller water snakes love the water. So they swim with their bodies submerged.”
Islander scans the muddy river bank, the dark water, the blue sky. He prays and views Fucner. “Jeezus, pray for me, bro.”
Cody shoves the object into Fucner’s chest. “This is a diver’s watch slightly modified with a tea tiny metal detector looking for a metal object. Gold is easy to distinguish from rotten wood and fish guts. Extend your arm letting the tiny beam scan into the mud. The depth is only one foot but strong enough to pick up a tiny blink. It blinks, not beeps. We don’t wanna attract any critters with the sound. We’re attracting them enough with our swimming bodies and try to glide more than swim. Got it, Is?”
Islander shoves on Fucner, “Get going Fucner! Watch for any patrolling boats or protruding shot gun barrels at us under the water then fucking fire back before contacting us.” Islander scans the landscape. “Brone’s here too.”
Fucner roars the engine. “Happy hunting, got my diver’s watch. I’ll blink it three times if I see any trouble wandering towards your fishing vessel, after I shoot the bastards for my shitty fun,” laughs with the others.
Cody sits on the edge of the boat then falls backwards into the water. He emerges then reaches into the boat for the two bang guns. Islander hands them to Cody.
Islander flips off the boat backwards into the water, without the bang gun.
Cody says via his helmet microphone. “Check.”
“Copy.” Islander grabs the bang gun says via his helmet microphone.

shooting range. one mile north of Swan Creek. sunny. hot. humid. 96°F.
Fucner drives the small fishing boat into the shallow river red muddy bank along with the other boaters, chuckling. He jumps then stomps into the water wearing his boots then onto the dry land of red clay and patches of green grass toting the rifle across his shoulder like a true redneck, chuckling. He walks to the wooden stand then pays for three hours of his fun then walks to the last gun cuddy overlooking a clear view of the calm Tennessee River. He swings towards the southeast seeing with naked eyeballs miles of calm flat river water, smiling. Then he swings to the southwest seeing with naked eyeball the low lying trees, where the second fishing boat floats. Fucner raises the binoculars seeing an empty boat. Cody and Islander are swimming with the snakes, not him.
He chuckles and returns his eyeballs to forward target then shoots four of the shells in the rifle. The shooting range doesn’t have any rules about walking around with a loaded weapon at the targets, the trees, the birds or the other rednecks. He grins with his fun assignment then views the diver’s wrist watch. Clear. Islander will blink if there is trouble or the collection of the copper.
Fucner uses the scope of the rifle then surveys the river water for any boats. Clear!
He checks the diver’s wrist watch. Clear!
He shoots the rifle at the fifth target, chuckling. He checks the driver’s watch. Clear.
He sees through the scope. Clear!
He lifts the rifle into his eyesight for the next target. “Rinse and repeat,” chuckles.

11:35 am. Guntersville Dam. Control room. partly cloudy. sunny. 85°F.
Skippy walks behind the male: dam manager, short, brown hair and full beard, gray pants, blue shirt. The dam manager enters the control room covered with three walls of gadgets consisting of switches, buttons, levels, and computer monitor screens with horizontal bars and vertical numeric values. The dam manager stands in the middle of the floor, smiling and saying. “TVA is owned by the US Federal Government providing electricity power to nine million folks in seven US States with the primary purpose of water level flow control. The water level navigates the water for both recreational and fishing boaters and land management of the shoreline for residential, local and state government economic development. Decatur’s the nuclear power plant for the region. Guntersville Dam is monitored 24/7 with staff around the clock. The TVA operates the Tennessee River and reservoir system by a measurement of the inflow of the combined rain fall and runoff managing the flow of water throughout the river system. On the wall here it displays the specific numeric value these numbers keep the riverbed below the dam from drying out. A system computer based on the water flow ensures the river downstream needs. The water flow enhances the boating levels, protects the aquatic foul, the year around navigation of a river along with feeding the water used at the Huntsville Nuclear Power Plant. The TVA drawdown of reservoirs is used to meet the constant downstream flow of the river. Guntersville Dam is a constant 594 feet. We can’t and won’t change that. The TVA system wide flow is measured and checked at Chattanooga, because it shows the best indication of the flow for the upper half of the Tennessee River system. There are ten reservoirs that drown the red clay including Blue Ridge, Chatuge, Cherokee, Douglass, Fontana, Noteely, Hiwassee, Norris, South Holston, and Watauga. TVA will monitor and release enough water to provide a weekly average minimum flow all the way towards Chattanooga, Tennessee. This is the dry season. The TVA planned to release additional water from the ten reservoirs before the start of the festival. The water would have been released from the reservoir, since we had experienced some significant T-storm activity for the past two weeks. If the volume of water stored in the reservoir is below the minimum 25,000 cubic feet per second then release the water. If the volume of the water shed is above 29,000 feet then don’t release the water. That’s easy. The Guntersville Dam shows 23,000 cubic feet per second. That’s a dam shame too! I couldn’t have pressed this green button. Boom! The flood gates open and spill water. The spillage footage for the Fontana Dam is one hour and seven minutes. For the Norris Dam, it’s two hours and twenty-three minutes. In two hours the spillage footage will cover 293,000 acres of land and 11,000 miles of shoreline. Are ya impressed, young man?” The dam manager nods and smiles when Skippy returns the nod and smile. The dam manager says and fingers the wall. “In the wintertime, we receive the most rainfall TVA lowers the flood storage reservoirs to hold the runoff produced by winter storms. When a storm hits, TVA holds the water back by reducing releases from the dams, where it rains allowing the water to naturally down stream along the river banks. When the rain stops and the danger of flooding is over, TVA lets the water out while getting prepared for the next T-storm. In the summertime, when flooding is not a risk factor, TVA keeps the lakes levels high to support boating and recreational boating like for the current festival of the eighty birthday. The swollen reservoirs are used and released during the hot dry months by generating electricity to power the cool feeling air conditioners and supply water navigation from the US State of Kentucky over towards the eastern end of the US State of Tennessee. The reservoirs are lowered to winter flood level on January first, each year. If during the flood season the water shed drops below the minimum system flow requirement then the TVA will set back and monitor the upstream water and release the storage reservoirs. As soon as the downstream floodwaters begin to recede, the reservoirs are lowered at a controlled rate. Through the turbines it’s sometimes necessary to let the additional water flow through sluiceways or over spillways to speed up the drawdown and regain the flood water shed level needed for future rains storms. Today, the reservoirs are full due to the prolonged summertime T-storms for the last three months. We’re busting at the seams as they say,” exhales then studies Skippy. “But we can’t release the water and increase the level now with so many boaters and swimmers and water crafts sailing over the Tennessee River for the TVA Scavenger Hunt. If we could then the Kentucky reservoir releases first then the Fontana Dam, then the Norris Damn, then the Guntersville Dam, then Wheeler Dam and then all the way down to finally the Chickamauga Dam. There’s been lots of rain for the past three months but TVA says hold back the water until the birthday party is done on Saturday at midnight. The Tennessee River watershed is the rainiest in the US with average of 50 inches per year, compliments of the Gulf of Mexico. The Gulf is a major source of moisture and subject to tornadoes and hurricanes from Florida moving across the southeast portion of the panhandle. The months of December through May are the major flood season in the Tennessee Valley. The winter storms provide the most rainfall being more numerous, lasting longer and covering the larger land masses. Right now, with the rain run off from the mountains of the French Broad and Hiwassee the Tennessee River watersheds exceeds 80 inches. The Holston River is at 70 inches. The average annual runoff, the amount of water that ends up in the river system after it rains, is about 23 inches or 44 percent of rainfall. The runoff this winter has been the heaviest for the past two years, because the vegetation is dormant and the ground is saturated with rain. As a result if it rains again there will be flooding at all fourteen tributary reservoirs, so right after the birthday party the watershed will be released feeding and flooding some of the low regions. Yeah, on Saturday at midnight the staff will issue a daily schedule of water releases then I will hit the button for each TVA dam monitoring the rate and total quantity of water to be released to achieve the flood storage level, without spillages. The water schedules are developed using advanced computer models more than 300 rainfall and stream-flow gauges, and the newest high technological radar taking into account the total amount of water stored in each reservoir and the time it takes to move water from the tributary reservoir to the main-river reservoir. A barge grounding is bad news too. A barge grounding creates a series of massive surge waves some as high as 50 feet along the shorelines or into the boat docks plus some drowning water skiers, swimmers and overturned larger yachts. Think it, the swimming pool level gots hit with a category five hurricane with massive levels of rain that doesn’t end for two hours. The recreation boats downstream will be wrecked but more importantly the cooling water for the nuclear power plants will back up like a toilet when your turds are too big to go through the drainage hole. The nuclear power plant will activate its emergency protocols but millions of people will lose power for the rest of the week or more,” nods. “When the fourteen tributaries flood the backwaters quickly pour fresh river water over the smaller creek banks, some of the smaller creeks that come quickly to mind are Limestone Creek in Athens and Swan Creek near Tanner. These creek floodwaters threaten houses on the property and causes road closures for cars. The low lying areas of Limestone County are particularly susceptible for flooding. But we watch out for that really close,” fingers the wall. “This is a map of the seven states in a background color of pale gray with a dark blue snaky line of the river. The dams are highlighted as neon green boxes showing the flood minimum level in numbers. Wheeler Dam is 555.30. Guntersville Dam is 594.0. Chattanooga Dam is 414.3. The challenge here is always the uncertainty about the timing or volume of rain and runoff that we get each month or tomorrow or the future tomorrows. In the mountain region where snowmelt is the primary source of runoff, a precise measurement can be made with the depth and density of the snow then the reservoir water manager can prepare an estimated runoff based on the spring thaw. Here in Guntersville, the flood damage is reduced short-term based on the current weather patterns as it reactions to the T-storm rainfall as it occurs. The object is to keep the reservoir at the present flood storage level of 594 feet to feed the main-river and to meet the downstream flow requirement keeping the river bed from drying out. 594 is the operating flow to keep the elevation for any anticipation rainfall kinda like keeping that extra $100 in your checking so you don’t overdraw your bank account.” chuckles and nods. “The Kentucky Dam is 22 miles upstream from Tennessee River which joins the Ohio River at Paducah, Kentucky. The Kentucky reservoir is the largest capacity in the TVA system with four million acre per feet. That’s enough to cover four million acres of land with one foot of water. It acts as a man-made levee by itself protecting ten million acres of land in the US States of Kentucky, Missouri, Illinois, Arkansas, Alabama, Tennessee and Louisiana. When the upper Mississippi River floods, the water is released from the Kentucky reservoir then is discharged into the Tennessee River. The flood crest will advance into the Ohio and Mississippi River which is stored as water volume in Kentucky Dam. The dam holds back the water during the flood season, the purpose of a dam,” laughs with Skippy. He says. “After the flood crest has passed down the Mississippi River then the stored floodwaters are released as downstream water which in turns feeds the reservoirs that regulates the river and streams. There lots of streams and creeks used to feed the native wildlife and agricultural farm livestock. There’s Bear creek, Cedar creek…”
“Ya got a good memory,” nods Skippy, scanning the monitors.
The dam manager smiles and nods. “Got a great memory. I remembered reading from the old log books. The first recorded water flooding over the river banks was told at 14.8 feet in the year 1867. In the year 2003, the river flooded at 10.29 feet. It flooded at 9.07 feet in the year 1973; flooded at 9.34 feet in the year 2004. The lowest water level recorded was in the year 1962 at negative ten feet. The flood categories consist of a major flood at 14 feet; a moderate flood at 12 feet and flood stage is 10 feet. We are a little less than flood stage at 593.5 feet since I had to…who are you, miss?” he frowns at the female: tall, long brown hair, gray business suit, gray bandanna over her mouth, gray-colored scarf over her throat, gray gloves on her hands; long brown bangs over her eyelashes.
She enters the room, scanning the wall of instruments. “I’m here to drown the fishies,” chuckles.
“Drown the fishies…,” the dam manager frowns at her. “Hey, you can’t…”
She shifts the cloth bag into her other hand then hovers her glove over the gadget. “What will happen if I touch this button?”
The dam manager frowns and studies the button under her glove. “The city of Decatur will flood damaging the shoreline property, killing swimmers, and wrecking boaters. The last time the city of Decatur flooded was in March 1867. The water crested at 58 feet washing out the county roads, completely inundating some of the smaller towns…” 
The female studies the dam manager, saying inside her bandanna. “I do declare there are no protective concrete levees.”
The dam manager frowns at the unknown female. “Some of the rural country sides are composed only of farm villages. They depend upon the rain water and spillage to irrigate the land…”
“Let us give the farm crops more water, should we?” she nods at him.
The manager shakes his hands with worry, frowning with fear. “Don’t touch that dial…”
The female smirks inside her bandanna. “How quaint,” then whips out the gun and fires into the chest of the dam manager. He hits the console then falls to the floor, bleeding and dying. She says. “Not very good profound last set of words, sir,” swings the gun at Skippy, punching the button. 
Skippy laughs. “You’re in the wrong place, sweetheart. This ain’t the Wild, Wild West with your matching face bandanna and business suit making you look like a funny cowgirl. This be the south in Alabama where southern belles and beaus reside.”
The female draws the gun from the dead man then swings to Skippy. “I’m in the correct spot, dear,” laughs.
Skippy grabs the switchblade from his pocket then stabs her in the ribs. He quickly withdraws it then stabs it into her heart. She falls upon the floor. The alarm sounds with an array of blinking lights on the wall of instruments. “O gawd,” Skippy drops his mouth and stares at the button then the wall monitor.
The speaker box says. “Alert: flooding waters in the tributary of Marshall County at Battle Creek estimated time of one hour and twenty-three minutes.”
He shouts and studies the blinking lights. “Hey, somebody shut the flood gears down now,” a second dam manager dashes into the room then stops. Skippy fingers the monitor. “The dead female pressed the button, stop the flooding of the Tennessee River.”
The second dam manager stares at the bleeding female then the first manager and then the monitor, shaking his skull. “Don’t think I can, mister. It’s easier to spill the water then clean it up. Cleaning up the water ya leave behind pockets of water. I can start the process but the flooding will not go away for days and nights. And anyways them flood gates are concrete, not your mama’s horse pasture fencing, sonny,” stop and stares at the bag. “Why does that bag move with motion?” He drops his mouth. “Shit, cottonmouth poisonous snakes,” back steps from the bag.
The speaker box says. “Alert: flooding waters in the tributary of Marshall County at Bengis Creek estimated time of one hour and sixteen minutes.”
Skippy grabs his weapon then shoots the first hissing snake. “I got them,” grabs the stool. “Get on the stool and find a switch to shut off the flooding, sir...,” when all eardrums echo with gun shots.
The speaker box says. “Alert: flooding waters in the tributary of Marshall County at Big Coon Creek estimated time of one hour and two minutes.”
The male stands in the archway, smiling, thumbs behind his collar bone. “Got another one unconscious downstairs…shit. They’re snakes…”
The speaker box says. “Alert: flooding waters in the tributary of Marshall County at Big Fiery Gizzard Creek estimated time of fifty-four minutes and ten seconds.”
Skippy yells to the man standing in the archway. “Get some shovels. There’s a shitload of baby snakes too,” stomps the first baby hissing snake with his boot heel.

Thirty-minutes later.
gun shooting range. Tanner.
His mobile telephone beeps with a new text message as Fucner frowns with confusion picking up the phone, studies the red words.
Alert: flooding waters in the tributary of Limestone County at Swan Creek estimated time of twenty-three minutes and four seconds.
“Shit,” he views the smooth blue northern skies then the rough green waves of the river, seeing a wall of water then swings back to see the tiny boat down river. He looks through the binoculars. “Shit,” then shoulders both the rifle and the binoculars. He races to the boat to warn Cody and Islander of the impeding flood.

underwater. Swan Creek. Tanner.
Cody swings the flashlight side to side when his kneecap bangs into an exposure tree stump tearing the rubber suit, not important. His knee doesn’t need to breathe air just his lungs which are protected by the diving suit.
Islander says via the helmet microphone. “Shit, dark here. You’re right, Cody. Negative hundred visibility…”
Cody slowly works his flippers towards the bottom mud then drifts his sideways body. He shines the small flashlight on each solid shadow. He says via the helmet microphone. “Ya know if I were a gold nugget I would bury myself into the mud away from the fishes and the engine rotors,” passes a large tree trunk. “Big tree trunk on left, watch for snakes.”
“Copy.” Islander says via the helmet microphone. “No solid objects. Wrist watch not beeping…”
Cody drifts on the bottom mud flinging the flashlight side to side. His arm is extended looking for the object.
Islander hits the snake with the bang gun as more of its unfriendly buddies panic and then escape from thick tree stump. The snakes surround his body when he jerks in slow motion his legs and flippers into his chest. He watches the family of mamas, daddies and babies scatter around the murky water, praying he doesn’t get bit. He won’t feel the bite with his numb body from the cold water until he’s back on top of the surface then will die, because the venom would attack his heart first, before he pulls off the thick face mask and helmet. The snakes find out interests as he unfolds then swims towards the swirling water near another tree stump, whispering. “Sorry guys, but God gave me domain here first. Enjoy your new home!”
Cody hears the bang.
“Snake dead.” Islander says via the helmet microphone.
Cody shines the light working his flippers then speeds down a valley of upright tree trunks. The river is man-made consisting of chopped down big trees leaving big stumps that live and rot under the rolling quiet waves. He shines the light between the trunks side to side for snakes then extends his wrist side to side looking for a metal object. Nothing. He swims towards the river bank when the wrist watch blinks a faint blue dot. Cody smiles, slowly swinging the watch side to side. He swims towards the wall of mud and tree roots watching for snakes. The wrist watch blinks a brighter blue dot when Cody smiles. He slowly hovers the watch up and down only the wall of mud. The wrist watch blinks a neon blue dot when Cody holds the position.
He shoves his glove into the mud twisting around the buried tree roots and hard stationary single rocks embedded into the muddy wall. The loose mud mixes with the water making the wall and water as one. Cody doesn’t need his eyesight but muscle strength. He wiggles his glove deeper into the mud feeling the solid matter then eliminates the semi-round rocks. Then his hand hits something more flat then round. Cody jerks the rocks from the muddy hole when the loose sediment sweeps back and forth forming more cloudiness of mud and sand. He narrows his eyelids inside the diver’s mask at a wall of mud. “Is, found something. Watch blinking like crazy. Go and get the portal fan…”
Islander says via the helmet microphone then swings towards the bottom of the boat. “Shore.”
Cody smiles, grabbing and wrapping his glove around the object, feels a bump on his back muscles. He swings around then exhales at the spear tip.
The male waves his free hand for the object hugging onto Cody’s glove which is embedded into the mud. The male touches the face plate of Cody’s mask with the spear tip.
Cody shakes the mud from the object then slowly swings his arm towards the male, seeing the snake. The snake is wrapped around his glove, arm and the object.
The male drops his mouth then swims backwards from the cottonmouth snake. 
Cody drops the bang gun since the shot is too close to damaging his arm. He slaps the snake silly with his free hand. The snake gets annoyed at Cody and becomes interested in the swimming male. He cuddles the object composed of rotten slimy wood and a hard substance wrapped nicely inside. Cody swims towards the valley of tree trunks as the snake charges the male. Cody drops his lips to speak when his helmet rams one of the tree trunks. Cody ricochets then drifts into the water as the mouth piece rattles then drops down into the helmet. Cody exhales then hears a bang from an underwater pistol.
He swims towards the bottom of the boat seeing Islander ahead of him. Islander heard the underwater explosion too. Cody sees the bottom of a rolling boat park next to his boat.
Islander disappears from the ater.
Cody swims hard and fast towards the boat. His mask emerges from the water, breathing heavy for air from his mouth. He unlatches the helmet then yells. “Got it! Take Is to the copter. Something else’s down with me not snakes either. Another male with a spear gun…,” the male grabs Cody’s flipper. Cody flings the rotten wood into his boat.
Islander jumps into the boat as Fucner slangs water into the air sailing towards the opposite side of the land.
Cody jerks his flipper back and forth until it falls off then climbs into the boat. The male grabs Cody’s tank dropping him into the water, fights with both hands.
Cody grabs the male’s face mask shifting it enough for water penetration. The river is fresh water but murky with bits of tree dust, fish guts, and red clay. The male grabs his mask for survival. Cody climbs into the boat starting the engine then floods the engine. “Shit,” Cody grabs the paddle stroking the boat towards land and away from the male.
The male emerges, swimming towards Cody. Cody is cold and tired from fighting underwater sailing the boat slowly. The male catches the boat when Cody stands and swings the paddle at the male. The male dunks then emerges on the other side climbing on board the small boat. Cody paddles a little more down the rough waves when the male climbs in the front of the boat away from the paddle length.
Cody stands wobbling towards the male. He swings the paddle then folds sideways balancing his tallness inside the small boat. The male ducks then squats. He duck crawls towards Cody.
Cody stands then swings the paddle missing the stumped male. He wobbles to the side trying to keep balanced and falling out of the boat.
The male smirks crawling towards tall Cody. The male reaches within arm span of Cody then stands.
Cody uprights from the last wobble holding the paddle sideways when the male grabs the ends of the paddle.
They jerk and snort at each other holding the single paddle sliding side to side on the wet flooring of the boat as the river water rises.
The roaring sound echoes through the air waves.
They swing a chin then view a wall of water rolling underneath a flying helicopter. Both are coming directly towards the small boat. The first wave hits splashing gallons of water over the lip of the boat then drowns both sets of flippers and ankles in place. The male slaps the paddle from Cody’s hand, smirking. The second wave of water knocks both men onto their asses as Cody hits the wooden bow near the engine panel. The male lands on the far opposite side as a third wall of water covers their bodies, completely. The boat rolls viciously side to side, without tipping over as the helicopter hovers directly over the boat.
Cody slaps both hands into the water, searching the floor then finds and grabs the rotten wood with the copper scrolls. He raises his right hand from the water signaling Islander when the copter tilts sideways then lowers one of its landing ski into Cody’s face. The hover winds spit droplets of water into Cody’s helmet. Blinded with raindrops Cody feels, touches then grabs onto the landing ski wrapping one bicep around the gear. The helicopter slowly ascends into the air. Cody emerges sideways like floating in the air then his legs drop downwards with gravity towards the water. The helicopter tilts side to side from Cody’s weight when Islander compensates into a balanced position barely skimming the water surface.
The male struggles in the pool of water inside the boat then grabs the opposite side of the tilted copter.
The helicopter moves forward from the boat.
The male is pulled from the pool of water. He hangs and latches onto the landing gear on the opposite side of Cody.
Cody exhales then holds his breathe launching the slimy wooden object onto the copter’s floor and into Fucner’s smiling face.
Fucner sees then grabs it. He stores it inside the hidden compartment under the bench seating for safety.
Islander exhales. “Shit, the copter’s too heavy. We’re going to crash into the water. Get them off, Fucner.”
Fucner falls to the side reaching for a weapon when the copter slides sideways. The weapon falls from the bench seating, over the floor, around Fucner, through the open hatch and then into the river water. Fucner grabs both sides of the hatch, exhaling and trying not to fall out the helicopter.
Cody swings side to side, gritting his teeth and biting his tongue, trying not to fall into the water. The mysterious male hangs on too.
Islander straightens the copter then runs towards the grassy land. Cody sees the weapon fall into the water hanging onto the landing skies, bleeding from his mouth and hands. Islander guides the helicopter over the grass as the machine wobbles side to side making Fucner motion sick.
Cody can’t hold on with his bloody hands. He releases his gripe first falling then rolling over the hard soil. The male falls some twenty-feet ahead of Cody.
Islander tries to control the wobbling helicopter from the ejected unbalanced weight. The machine flies side to side as Fucner hangs his head over the hatch vomiting from the rough ride.
Cody stops rolling then lies on his stomach, panting.
The male rolls then halts. He slowly rises while ripping off the wet suit and studying Cody. He runs towards Cody then slaps down on top of Cody’s legs.
Cody growls then uprights on his hands and biceps then flips his body sideways. He lands on his ass with bent knees, viewing the male.
Male: short, pale skin, shoulder length brown hair and full beard over the face, bangs over his eyelids. He stares into Cody’s eyeballs as Cody studies the unique body armor, a leather torso vest with embedded gem stones shining in the bright sunlight. The male grunts then growls pulling a hand gun from underneath the dry vest. He smirks then leans into Cody’s face. “You are not the seventh son, even if you are born on the seventh day of the seventh month. You and your people with drench and drown in blood for your crimes of evil. Your men and appliances of war cannot contend with my victory. Fear me, my brethren in the foggy fight, because its waves are strong. Its dangers are perilous. Its beast is terrible. Its winds are tempest…”
The helicopter flies behind the male when the single bullet whamps in the air waves. The bullet hits five feet behind the male. The male grunts at Cody then two-steps away from Cody. He turns and runs towards the dark thick green woodlands.
Cody exhales falling back into the cold grass. “Ah, naw!”
Islander lands the helicopter, when Fucner tumbles out the hatchway still vomiting up his delicious lunch.

August 9th. Friday.
211 Clinton Avenue. conference room twenty-three. 10:03 am.
Yorkie exhales wearing the yellow-colored PPE gear of gown, mask and gloves, taps the code into the locked doors. She says. “I have found some strange and intriguing medical conditions on the men and women you hauled from the Tennessee River in Decatur and the Guntersville Dam. I would like for you to act very serious and concerned, first. Second, I would like to hear your giggles after my shocking discovery.”
Skippy frowns, walking behind her into the cold freezing room used as laboratory. “I am very serious.”
“We shall see,” she pulls the white bed sheet from the dead male cadaver on the first wooden long eating table, when Skippy laughs. She frowns. “You didn’t obey my orders.”
Skippy chuckles and fingers the object. “I’m sorry. It’s raised like a flag.”
She nods at the male. “The cadaver dick is fully erected holding tons of blood too. I pieced the skin when the blood practically fucked my glove. Dick has been erected since the air transport dropped off the bodies longer than five hours. Do not touch it!”
He chuckles. “I ain’t touching nothin’, doc. Ya know, female doctor it’s very natural for a male to awaken to a morning time wood. I personally perform three to five erections each night when I dream of you, Yorkie darling.”
“Good one, woody,” she giggles. “The male has a rare condition called priapism. If he was alive he would need to visit his physical immediately. He is not alive but dead. Yes, I have a simple and complex explanation. The simple explanation, he could have eaten some erectile dysfunction drugs or suffered an injury or sucked down some potent medication or contracted a disease or been bitten by a spider. All of these events cause an erected dick usually on a live body. But I have more of my medical lecture. Let’s move to the female first.” They scoot to the second table. She pulls the sheet.
Skippy smiles inside his mask. “No standing dick.”
Yorkie shakes her mask. “Dick-head, females don’t possess dicks. You haven’t been fucked in a while, huh, Skippy sweetie.”
“I might get lucky tonight. Right, darling?” he winks at her.
“Cody asked me first,” she grins behind the mask.
He drops his mouth behind the mask. “Cody is seventeen years old…”
She giggles. “I’ll funny today too. Back to business…”
“Mangrove.”
“Berrington,” she winks at him. “I love Austin Berrington…”
He grunts and fingers the female cadaver. “The female is…”
She nods and views the female cadaver. “Use your eyeballs and neurons, tell me what you see?” when silence invades the room.
“Pretty you,” he winks at her.
She fingers the female cadaver. “On her, this time…”
He fingers the arm then the leg. “She has facial and chest hair like fucking male.”
“Yes, excess hair on a female’s face and body is called hirsutism. It’s both embarrassing and harmless for a normal girl. Hirsutism affects five percent of the female population but she has exploded my medical chart to the moon. Excess female hair is caused by an excess of androgens or male hormones which is genetic from PCOS or polycystic ovary syndrome. However in rare cases, excess female hair on face and body is caused by hormone-secreting tumors. This female could have a terminal disease and her symptoms are showing up now all over her body. One reason, she’s a terrorist wanting to blow up Americans, since she’s dying anyways. I have to do more testing on that particular medical theory...”
He exhales and fingers her arm. “She has a set of webbed fingers and toes.”
She nods. “Syndactyly or webbed fingers, the medical condition occurs one in every 2,500 babies. A surgeon can separate the webbed fingers and toes at born if it is skin tissue holding the digits together. Sometimes, the webbing is shared blood vessels and bones.”
“How common is syndactyly in our four dead friends?”
She winks at him. “Bravo, my prince charming, all four bodies exhibit syndactyly in both hands and feet. And I cannot explain so don’t ask me too.”
He exhales. “I was hoping to be inside this cold-ass freezing refrigerated room for less than ten minutes. I’m guessing wrong. What’s your next shocking discovery?”
She spans the throat of the female cadaver with the wooden handle. “She has an Adam’s apple. Some female do have them. The small, round bump in front of the throat is the voice box or larynx which grows during puberty. In males, the larynx grows bigger for physical visualization while making their voices deeper sounding in tone. Did this female talk to you?”
He nods. “Yeah, she called me, darling in a lovely baritone timber,” laughs. “She entered the control room of the Guntersville Dam wearing a pair of leather hand gloves, a long pretty silk gray scarf around her throat and a matching soft cotton bandanna around her lips. I completely understand her chosen fashion statement now. Being a male, I would have noted the facial hair around her mouth and cheekbones and an Adam’s apple while giving away her secret plus IDing the bitch, soonest,” nods and chuckles.
She exhales. “We’ve enough fun with her. Let’s move to another cadaver…”
He studies the first female cadaver. “I don’t see them.”
She views at Skipper. “See what?”
He laughs and fingers her hairy mouth. “I don’t see the cute hollows at her mouth…”
She exhales. “O, dimples,” marches to the second table. “Dimples go away as you age. The cute hollows in the baby’s cheeks happen where the muscles in the face intersect. Dimples change over time and disappear. The trait is hereditary. If you possess dimples then your kids will also.
He doesn’t touch her, since they’re standing inside a contaminated room with four dead bodies of contaminated germs. He grins behind the face mask, “Learned something new today, thanks darling. Will I see you tonight, sweetheart?”
She giggles. “I do sleep in the same bed but on the right side when you snore too much,” tosses the sheet to the floor. “The second female, what do you see different from the first female?”
He studies the female. “Yeah, she gots an extra pinky finger on each hand along with webbed fingers. And an extra pink toe on each foot along with her webbed toes. Motherfucker, this female’s one ugly bitch.”
She nods. “Yes, I suspect that she is older than the first female also. Polydactyly or extra fingers or toes is pretty common at birth, one out of 1,000 babies. You can see the extra fingers and toes are much more smaller than her normally sized pinky finger. The extra fingers and toes usually do not possess bones, but these babies do along with blood and tissue. I am really bedazzled with the four humans. Almost like, they were some type of evil and sick biological experiment that went medical wrong since they were alive. Polydactyly is also hereditary trait, too…”
“The extra fingers run in the family,” he nods. “Do you think the four individuals are related by blood with an ugly daddies and uglier mama?”
“No, I do not. She has a set of extra nipples between her breasts and shoulders along with the males, except his trait is common with the males also. A nipple for a male is usually mistaken for moles or warts. But all four definitely has extra nipples in the wrong body parts.”
“Weird.”
She exhales. “Really weirder too, I have more to show which is slightly hidden for your normal eye view. Did you see her up and close and personal?”
“Naw, during a murder-kill ya didn’t look between the eyebrows. You look at the heart for the blood to start flowing indicates a soon to be dead warm body…,” he chuckles.
She rams the wooden handle between the teeth, lowering the bottom lips. “Interesting, a new description of murder! You are not going to believe the next medical miracle here…”
“Damn, she got bite!” he nods and chuckles.
She nods. “Yes, she has a second row of toothies, not delivered by the Tooth Fairy or God. Usually, a first-grader will present with a double row of teeth as their adult teeth shoot up from the healthy gums then the baby teeth fall out of place or a dentist gently removes the baby teeth. This particular female and one of the males have two rows of teeth on top and bottom along the rim of the mouth. The second row of teeth is wickedly sharpened and fang-like for chewing on raw meat or something.”
“They’re something, the teeth and the female,” he chuckles.
She widens the mouth, probing the handler deeper down the throat. “You won’t know of this medical condition, but she is missing her uvula or her tissue flap. It’s a tongue-like flap of tissue at the back of your throat which produces saliva like when we smell good tasting barbeque or drool over a beauty queen,” giggles. “The tissue flap is only exhibited on humans, maybe for keeping your throat from getting dry, when scared or nervous. Anyway, she and her friends are missing it. And I don’t know why or why not so don’t bother asking me.”
He laughs. “So she traded a flap for a finger.” She scoots to the third table before lifting the sheet. He stops a few feet from the table. “Male or female, I don’t wanna be surprised.”
“Surprise,” she drags the sheet to the floor. “His dick is dramatically bent while erected.”
“And I bet that hurts like hell if alive.”
She nods. “This is a classic textbook picture of Peyronie’s disease causing the penis to bend sharply. Normally, a full erection will slight tilt the penis to the left or right. Look closer at his balls. He got some type of scrotum rejuvenation maybe before his disease bend his treasure. His balls are smooth, hairless with no wrinkles.”
“Why would he do that?”
She says. “There are expensive luxury spas that use a laser to remove unwanted hair, wrinkles on old balls, and any discoloration from long scars. I would guess that his male was grooming his person for another female for sex or a sexual ritual for a life time mate. I see a medical pattern here, Skippy. Look at this.”
He back steps then chuckles. “I’m afraid too.”
She opens the male body with the tongs pulling back the sliced epidermis at the stomach area. “What do you see?”
He exhales then sours. “Am I really seeing, what I am really seeing?”
She nods. “Yes, your eyesight is perfect like mine. You can live with one kidney. Some people are born with one kidney. The number one organ donation in the world is a kidney for transplantation to a friend, a family member or a stranger. If one kidney is missing, damaged, or removed your other surviving kidney will grow larger becoming nearly the size of two kidneys doing the work of two also. The function of the kidney is to filter your blood from bad stuff. Aspirin, ibuprofen, and naproxen can damage your kidneys. This might be one medical condition for this male, but I don’t think so. Early kidney disease doesn’t announce itself like a tumor or a bruise. The usual symptoms, you feel tired, experience muscle cramps, lose your appetite, exhibit swollen hands and feet, and your skin itches. When the kidneys stop working, your body fills up with wastes, fluids, and toxins, then you need the help of a machine filtering your blood from toxins and acting like your kidney on a daily basis. Or you get a kidney transplant like his fellow has done. The kidneys are shaped like beans, the size of your fist. They are located at the bottom of the rib cage on either side of your spinal column.”
He says. “The left kidney is shaped like a bean but physically different in size of a pea from the right kidney. The right looks normal to me like the size of my fist. Is that humanly possible in a human being? Is that some type of unknown disease?”
She exhales. “No, God created the kidney shape twice, the same size and weight inside a single human body,” views him. “The medical condition diabetes is unused blood sugar can damage your kidneys, one cause for the removal of your kidney. High blood pressure can hurt the small blood vessels in the kidneys too making it harder for the organ to function. This male had some type of kidney disease for a medical physician to remove his normal kidney. Except, this man’s kidney was removed and then replaced with a smaller kidney, highly unusual. This is a child’s kidney, not another adult’s. This is so weird and bedazzling at the same time.”
He asks. “Was it passing some bad kidney stones? I heard they hurt like hell balls.”
She says. “Kidney stones are formed from too much calcium in your urine. The stones reside in your kidney or travel down the urinary tract, where you can’t urine them out of the body. Kidney stones come in different shapes and sizes from a tiny grain of sand to a pearl-sized to a rare golf-ball-sized. Dehydration or lack of water or fluids will damage the kidneys and cause kidney stones. However I’ve never heard of kidney stones damaging the kidney causing a removal like this one. Also, kidney stones are hereditary too. I just don’t know all the real medical answers to my medical curiosity. Your two kidneys are workhorses in the body. They remove waste, extra fluids, keep your salt and potassium level in check, keep your blood pressure normal and make red blood cells. My concern or curiosity, on a daily basis the kidneys sift through 200 quarts of blood or about a bathtub-sized load of blood and excrete about two quarts of urine from the body. How in the hell did this male pee, shit and function with his pea-sized kidney and his fist-sized kidney?”
“You say that a person only needs one kidney to live.”
She nods, fingering the body. “See that empty spot, it used to be the placement for the pancreas. The human pancreas is about six inches long and tadpole-shaped with a head, body, and tail. The organ sits inside the abdomen behind the stomach and in front of the spine. The pancreas breaks down fats and proteins for use inside your body and makes islets of Langerhans. Islets are tiny clusters of cells that make insulin balancing your blood sugar. Islets of Langerhans were described by the German pathologist Paul Langerhans in 1860. You can live without a pancreas meaning you are dependent on insulin shots to manage the hormones that control your blood sugar in the body. Then the pancreas attacks itself becoming blocked with the body’s own enzymes. A self destructive pancreas creates lots of trouble for the human body. One, when the pancreas enzymes build up it causes acute pancreatitis. Acute pancreatitis can be treated in a hospital setting by IV fluids. Two, chronic pancreatitis is caused by genetics or cystic fibrosis or medications or alcohol drinking. Three, type 1 diabetes occurs when the islets no longer make enough insulin then sometimes when the diabetes is hard to control the patient receives a pancreas transplant. Finally, pancreatic cancer is rare with 2.8 percent of new cases. It is hard to identify and is the fourth leading cause cancer deaths in the US, mostly diagnosed in the elderly between ages 75 to 84 years old. I do not know why the pancreas was removed on the four cadavers. But the pancreas detects fructose, a natural sugar found in fruits and honey so maybe they were too sweet,” giggles Yorkie.
Skipper sneers. “To sour and mean and vile and…”
She fingers inside the dead body. “His tiny vertical tissue of the appendix is missing too. It belongs right there. The appendix doesn’t perform a life-saving function like your lungs or heart. Over the years, physicians have concluded that the appendix stores good bacteria until needed for digesting food. Therefore when the appendix is infected then it is removed. Except here, all four of the cadavers are without an appendix. I suspect the good bacteria get eaten up with some bad bacteria; therefore the organ had to be removed for continued health,” exhales. “I am almost finished. Do you see the triangle-shaped organ? That’s the liver,” nods.
He frowns. “I learned from my advanced biology class in college that the liver is shaped like a football, sorta wedge-shaped. It weighs three pounds and brownish pink, the largest organ in your body other than your skin…”
“Mangrove,” Yorkie giggles. “The liver is all that and more. It’s located on the right side of your body under the rib cage. However, this liver is about one pound and pinkish-red then pinkish-brown. It too is a child’s liver that has been cut or damaged or something. The liver is the only organ that re-grows from damage or removal. People donate parts of their livers to family or friends saving a life. Yeah, some poor young child had donated to save this person in the short term. The liver is important with many functions such-like making bile for digestion of food, pumping energy and nutrients into the body, un-clotting your blood, removing toxins out of the blood and so forth. Too much alcohol and acetaminophen can damage the liver when used excessively. You develop liver disease, alcoholic hepatitis, and alcoholic cirrhosis. Stop taking or not turning back!”
Skippy snaps his glove then removes his glove, thumb-typing his mobile telephone. “Wait, I have some more information to share with ya. Islander worked for the FBI. He was there outside with his dog when the FBI Biomedical Center imploded then burned down to the ground from a hidden bomb, compliments of Brone. Islander was there because he saw parts and pieces of dead humans consisting of men, women, and children. On the day of the explosion, the FBI received three bodies of young healthy boys with their missing internal organs…”
She gasps. “My gawd, this kidney and liver could be one or two of the missing organs discovered at the FBI Center. I can’t this or them. They destroyed the entire building with people to save this secret. I am a physician. I am telling you, this is a child’s kidney inside an adult male. Something more, I found inside the dead female that her liver and kidney were smaller than normal also. Some of her internal organs had been removed then replaced with other internal organs which didn’t match in size or weight a regular female human, but seemed to biological and chemical function. I can’t explain that weird-ass theory either. The female was alive, talking, and waving that gun in your face. I read you report too.”
She moves to the third naked wooden long eating table, pulling the sheet, says. “Cadaver dick too! Lean down and smell his tongue…”
“Not for a billion bucks…”
“I have a very important point to show…”
He shakes his face mask and cap. “Not for a trillion bucks, he’s fucking dead, Yorkie.”
“Fine, he has tonsil stones or tonsilloliths bumps which are harmless. There’re tiny lumps kissing his tonsils. The lumps are hard bumps of matter leaving a bad taste in your mouth from the gathered bacteria. All four of them have tonsil stones. Did you notice their fingernails?”
“Uh huh, some pretty colors for nail polish selection, but I guess it’s not really nail polish. Females wear nail polish too.”
She fingers the cadaver hand. “Males do not wear colored green nail polish. The color is a bacteria caused by a fungal infection. This is treatable by antibiotics. Fifty percent change in your normal nail color is caused by fungal infections. Yellow nails represent a fungus. Red, purple, and black coloring under the nails is an injury where the blood has gathered under the nail bed,” nods.
Skipper exhales and nods, smiling inside the face mask. “Well, you’ve covered almost all the body parts of the human…”
She giggles and shakes her cap and mask. “Not yet!?”
“Not yet!?” she moves to the fourth table, dropping the sheet, shows a naked hairy female. She reaches for the naked arm of the female. “Help me flip her over.”
He back steps raising his arms and shaking his cap and mask. “Ah, naw, I ain’t touching the thing.”
She fingers the ceiling. “Draw down the meat hook for me,” Skipper reaches then pulls the smooth hook towards the table. He attaches the twin gripers on the naked leg and the naked arm then presses the button. The body flips over on its stomach.
He gags. “Ah, naw! Naw now, that right there’s a true joke for a poor old man…”
She giggles. “I learned as a child in Sunday school class in church that demons wear tails.”
He fingers the object. “A tail, the female has a real tail, ugly and brown covering her asshole too.”
She nods. “A baby can be born with a tail, a set of extra spinal bones growing longer than the regular spinal cord. This medical condition spinal bifida is the genetic explanation which is always easily removed by a surgeon at birth in the hospital room, except for our four friends.”
Skipper exhales, shakes his cap then says. “So’s what have we got here inside your pseudo-laboratory, Yorkie? Two female and two males, they’re modified from present-day human beings, one. Two females and two males, they’re morphed from yesterday monsters, two.”
She exhales. “You are very, very close, Skipper. All these bodies are experiencing some type of dramatic genetic multiple all at the same time changes within their individual DNA strand which is impossible from a medical point of view. When a person receives a sex change operation the person is a still nice looking human being. These four persons are not nice looking or human beings. I need more blood, tissue and skin laboratory tests. I’d say that they are devolving back into a set of primitive cavemen and women humanoids species some one million years ago. The extra facial hair on the female is in the wrong places along with the overly hairy males.”
“His penis ain’t covered in hair.”
Yorkie sours. “Hair doesn’t grow on the hand palms, the foot soles, your dick or his, Skippy.”
“That’s good to know when I got old and wrinkled,” laughs Skippy.
She says. “Four-legged animals display a full erection when mating. It’s a natural instinct to produce little baby animals keeping their species viable. These males are exhibiting the same primal instinct like they’re trying to revive some long lost man-kind species that went extinct.”
Skipper laughs. “Is his gray matter missing?”
She gasps. “No, silly boy, I checked that too. Their individual brain does control all the weird components inside each dead body before your switchblade did some good destruction. The gray matter is really cell bodies of neurons in a thin outer layer of your brain. The white matter contains nerve fibers running messages or nerve impulses faster through the body like when physically wounded or emotional scared. I can’t run tests on dead matter only live folks. These bodies are monsters, not humans. I ran a liver profile on each one of the four different sized baby livers checking for an internal injury, a terminal disease or a bacterial infection. Alcoholic cirrhosis is scarring of the liver tissue, the worse of the liver diseases resulting in hepatitis B or C. Nothing, visually or chemically! A liver disease is a silent killer with no warning signs for the sick person. If the liver is diseased then the sick person would exhibit swelling of the belly, dark urine, and yellowing of the eyes and skin. A yellow shade of skin is too much bilirubin in your blood stream. Bilirubin is a yellow pigment when the red blood cells break down. The liver filters out the bilirubin, if not you get yellow skin or jaundice. You can see that our four friends are not yellow but lovely olive colored with nice brown patches of hair growing everywhere. My medical summary, each baby child liver is healthy and growing, really weird too. This particular laboratory result makes me believe that the liver transplantation is very recent, maybe a year or less. However some thing or some one has attacked their internal organs, tissues and blood and epidermis. I’m a physician. To me, it appears some type of poison was exchanged for their normal blood. They’re not vampires. If the world history book were true about vampires living with us since the 1600s then humans would be permanently gone from Earth. Then the flock of vampires with wings will be sucking on plants or each other. There isn’t enough blood from one dead human to feed one living vampire. The theory sucks,” giggles. “So they’re monsters,” raises the paper. “This is a blood type result for each dead person. I call it, Z-blood type. The human red blood cells are shaped like a disc, rounded and smooth. In humans with sickle-cell disease, the red blood cells are sickle-shaped or crescent leading to constant pain and an early death for the sick patient. The immunology condition of anemia is an abnormally low number of red blood cells in the blood stream. The cells are disc-shaped too but rapidly burst. The bursting of red blood cells causes both fatigue and breathlessness in the human body. My report show the Z-blood type from the four dead folks is square-shape…”
He chuckles. “My mask’s covering my eardrums. I heard a miscommunication for ya. There’s no such thing as a square blood cell. Is there, Yorkie?”
“I’ve never seen a square-shaped red colored blood cell in my medical professional career. Hmm, the kidneys produce and distribute the red blood cells. Maybe the squared-shaped red blood cells come from the abnormal combination of the child’s kidney and the adult kidney pairing. And the red blood cells are bigger than mine and yours. Red blood cells carry oxygen to the tissues. Was she strong? Did you fight with her hand to hand?”
“Naw.”
She sours and nods. “Good thing, she would’ve kicked your ass to the moon. These humans are not human. Without further blood tests…”
He sours. “Ya got four dead bodies for lots of blood, skin, tissue and organ tests…”
She nods and views him. “I meant to say that I’ve tested these four cave bears. I would like some more Neanderthals from Brone’s bird flock for further testing and verification. I suspect that Brone’s entire army is composed of monsters like these four. He’s doing some weird scientific experimentation. I don’t have any more answers. But I suspect that these people were dying of some type of terminal disease, so Brone was trying to save them in a unique application of alternative medical procedures. And I don’t understand Brone’s interest in the ark, the petrified wood piece, the nuclear power plants, and the copper scrolls, the tiara stones, the….”
Skippy nods. “Can we stop these alive and breathing monsters with bullets or bombs which seem to be created by madman scientist Brone?”
She frowns. “O lookie at that,” reaches and grabs a pair of tweezers then plucks something from the cadaver. She lifts the tweezers, studying the object.
Skippy back steps then frowns, shaking his gloves. “Jeezus, Yorkie don’t touch it in my presence…,” studies the object. “What’s that?”
“Ear wax. Your ear canals clean themselves every time you chew or move your jaw. You’re helping the old ear wax wiggle out of your ear canal into your ear opening then the wax dries and falls out. The outer third of your ear canal is a small tunnel. The skin inside your ear has special glands that make ear wax. The yellow, gooey wax inside your ears keeps them healthy. Earwax stops dust, dirt, bugs, and other crap from getting into your ear protecting them from infection, except this is white, hard, and flaky ear wax from her ear,” Yorkie nods and views him. “This is the first sign of an infection in the body. And I don’t know if we can stop the army of monsters, Skippy. But I do know that I and the White House want Brone captured alive and breathing to answer these puzzled questions.”

August 10th. Saturday
9:16 am. 211 Clinton Avenue. conference room thirteen.
Cody smiles and sits in the chair, wearing a pair of black eyes, when his nose ran into the landing gear of the helicopter on Thursday afternoon escape from Brone.
Islander smiles, sitting next to Fucner. “We removed ya from the hospital bed when your assigned nurses filed a multitude of sexual harassment charges with the hospital’s Human Resource Department for groping breasts and pinching asses…”
“Can a patient do that?” Fucner chews his breakfast.
Islander frowns at Cody. “Hell, naw! A patient or physician or paid personnel can’t do that…”
Skipper sits and chews the breakfast plate. “Well, ya looking better, Cody. Your eye sockets are only navy blue instead of midnight black. And I’m very happy to report there haven’t been any nuclear power plant threats or active explosions. I guess we were wrong about Brone attacking a nuclear power plant. I confess that I don’t know what Brone is after or doing. So tell us about Brone and Swan Creek, Cody?”
Cody slaps his chest, nodding and chewing. “He’s short like…like…not like me. He’s about five, three…”
Islander frowns. “Wait, Alvin was five, three inches short too. Did we kill the right Dorothy, skipper?”
Cody yells. “SUSY-Q.”
The robot appears at the archway. “I am present, Mr. Cody.”
Cody laughs and stands moving to the robot, roams his hands over her body. “SUSY-Q, where, o’where did you get that cute pink bikini?”
Skippy frowns at Fucner. “I wonder.”
Fucner smiles at the robot and nods. “She looks like a semi-sexy girl now. Ya need to reshape her square television monitor head into a curvy screen then she’ll be a living circuit,” laughs then views his mobile telephone.
Islander smiles at Cody and SUSY-Q. “Stop finger fucking the robot, Cody. Geez, the boy’s a pervert. When was the last time ya got fucked Cody?”
Cody grins then swings to his chair. “Been awhile!”
“Well, I’ll hook ya up with one of my girls tonight, meet me at the hotel…,” chuckles and chews Fucner.
Skipper frowns at him. “Cody’s seventeen years old, Fucner.”
Fucner chuckles and chews. “Well, I lied. Sorry, kid.”
“Fucking bitch one,” Cody chuckles and fingers Fucner. “Fucking bitch two is short with brown hair and brown beard, brown eyes too. He was wearing a brown leather vest too, since he likes the color of brown. I guess. He stripped off his wet suit revealing a vest covered in glittering clean gem stones from the river water flooding our boat…”
Yorkie frowns. “A vest of gem stones, why the show?”
Skipper nods. “And one of Brone’s dead soldiers ambushed me at the Guntersville Dam like we predicted as we were robbing the river bank. This is really weird or on purpose. She was wearing a bandanna around her face like a western outlaw of days gone bye-bye. But I guess those days are about to revived. Anyways, she killed the poor dam manager then pressed the correct button by good luck or by good knowledge opening the flood gates as they say. The flood waters started rising as they say too. I’m glad you only got a boat load of water as they say. My understanding, lots of folks on the Tennessee River weren’t as lucky. There’re some people drownings, boat wreckage, shoreline property damaged and both boats and people collision, real bad. The TVA birthday party turned into an emergency room reunion with families from all over northern Alabama instead of a nuclear dead party. I’m glad he didn’t hurt ya either, Cody.”
Cody nods and smiles. “Thanks to Islander’s quick draw and fast shooting while operating a rotator air craft,” fist-bumps with Islander.
Skippy nods. “Continue, Cody.”
Cody exhales. “I conclude that Brone is not interested or after any nuclear power plant, never was either. He wanted our treasure but failed,” raises the object. “The treasure is a nicely chiseled baby blue agate gem stone with a flat back for mounting onto something. I failed too. I didn’t find the copper scrolls either. I guess there’re out there somewhere. I don’t have any more hints of its new location…”
Yorkie smiles. “That’s okay, Cody! For some reason both unexplained and unknown, Brone was after that rock too, not the nuclear plant in Decatur. What’s the importance of baby blue agate?”
Skipper orders. “Let’s verify that Cody and I saw the same person named Brone before we postulate any more wild-ass theories about the Ark of the Covenant. SUSY-Q, please replay the murder scene in the lunchroom for us.”
The robot walks and stands against the wall projecting the image on the white wall. Skippy chuckles and smiles, touching his almost heeled eye sockets of bright yellow. “This is inside the lunchroom where I was bleeding on the rotating door then onto the floor. Brone and Alvin are both standing then Brone kills Alvin’s kneecap with the hammer. Alvin ain’t standing anymore and squealing and squirming in tortured pain. I heard more the yelling than seeing some the action with my concession. Alvin falls to the floor then Brone is standing. He’s short at five feet, three inches like Cody has described.”
Fucner frowns at the wall. “Why can’t I hear all the damn words coming from the short man named Brone?”
Cody watches the wall. “It’s dark…”
Fucner laughs. “Darkness has nothing to do with recording audio sounds and voices, dumb shit.”
Islander laughs. “Dumb ass, the building like us shook from the bomb explosion three city streets away. Some of the mechanical recording parts were loosen or damaged inside the video recording box. Therefore Cody’s right again. The malfunctioning video recorded didn’t capture all the wording of Brone...”
Brone squats and says. “…knee pop…knee hurts…,” then a scream. He says, “…work in a job…pilot…inflamed sac…gardeners. You’re too…,” then chuckles, “…protective gear… with an orthopedic surgeon…ortho surgeons…surgeries. The number,” then he stands and whips out the hand pistol, “…you will…I’ll miss…shebo,” fires the gun. Alvin falls to the floor. Brone smiles and walks to Skippy. Skippy raises both hands as Brone says. “Today…not…die…,” Brone exits the room.
SUSY-Q cuts off the video when the wall appears in white.
“I’m miss, Shebo.” Cody says with a frown.
Fucner frowns and chews. “I will miss you, Shebo. Who’s Shebo? I thought we killed all the nasty females starting with the letter of ‘s’ like Sheba, Shego, Shebo…”
Cody smiles and fingers the wall. “Shebo. Shebo. Shebo’s the answer. O my gawd, O my gawd. Don’t ya’ll see?” he stands and twirls around in a circle. “O my gawd…O my gawd…O my gawd…”
Fucner stands then bows, laughing. “Thank you one and all for my ID, what’s troubling you, my son?”
“Shebo, the daughter of Brone isn’t a real physical girl it’s a stone from the Bible. Shebo is another name for agate, the one Brone was looking for and I found. One of twelve stones given by Moses from God in the Bible…”
Fucner frowns. “Cody, how the fucking hell do you know the Bible? You break about hundreds commandants-per-hour like using the Lord’s name in vain, committing murder with guns, committing adultery with adult chicks, cheating me, stealing from me and lying to me…”
Cody frowns with puzzlement at Fucner. “I be a good Christian. I goes to church and asks for God’s forgiveness every single morning at ten am, when preaching time starts. In the book of Exodus 24:4, ‘Moses built an altar, the Ark of the Covenant at the foot Mount Sinai and set up twelve stone pillars coming from the waters of Jordan River. Joshua gathered up the twelve stones from the bottom of the river,’” wiggles the agate stone. “Brone is looking for the twelve stones inside the Ark of the Covenant, not the copper scrolls or the stone tablets. This is it. I retrieved the blue agate from the murky waters of the Tennessee River like Joshua did and Brone wanted too…”
Skippy gasps then views Yorkie, “The blue stone, is this the ring stone for the lost Ring of King Solomon?”
Yorkie frowns at Cody. “I don’t know. No one knows the true name of the blue stone that formed the lost Ring of King Solomon. Cody, why are so certain that Brone wants the twelve stones from the twelve tribes of Israel?”
Cody nods. “I can prove it. Brone worn a torso vest covered with gem stones, one. Two, one was missing a sideway oval shape like this one. The baby blue agate stone is the missing gem stone inside Brone’s vest…”
Fucner frowns. “What about the dangerous radiation level indicating the object was supposed to be the copper scrolls?”
Cody waves his hand. “Radiation’s everywhere. It wasn’t dangerous, very low for us while needing to pinpoint the location of the missing gem stone. Don’t ya’ll get it? This is part of the missing breastplate from Moses’ brother Aaron.”
Islander stands, shaking his arms, hands, and skull. “Look, this investigation is getting both silly and weird. At first, it was the ark then the gold of the ark, then the gem stones from the pageant. Now you’re telling me that Brone only wants the gem stones, not the golden ark, which no one knows the located anyways. I don’t believe any of this anymore…”
Fucner nods then drinks the beverage. “Ditto, here!”
Cody smiles and nods, wiggling the agate stone. “I can prove it. I can really prove it, ya’ll. SUSY-Q, the gem stone of blue agate was missing from the tiaras of all the Miss Starlit contestants. Am I correct?”
The robot drones. “Yes, Mr. Cody,” when mouth drops from the others.
Cody nods and smiles. “The deadly bomb blast was set for a specific purpose other than robbing the gemstones from the glittering tiaras. It was a ruse for the jewelry thief to rob only seven more gem stones. SUSY-Q, show the Bible twelve gem stones with the gem descriptions on top representing the twelve tribes of the children of Israel,” when the wall shows twelve round stones of different colors and printed description names. He nods and smiles. “Okay, I’m going to call off each gem. I’d like for you to inform us if the gem stone was stolen during the bomb explosion on the last evening of the Miss Starlit pageant. Are ya ready, SUSY-Q?”
The robot drones. “Yes, Mr. Cody.”
Cody exhales with excitement, standing next to the wall. “Okay, okay! After I name the gem stone, please remove it from the image, SUSY-Q. Okay?”
The robot drones. “Yes, Mr. Cody.”
Cody fingers the first gem stone. “The blue sapphire was stolen before the bomb explosion. Therefore it wasn’t part of the collection of stolen gem stones. Was the blue sapphire stone displayed by one of the pageant girls on the final night of the Miss Starlit pageant?”
The robot drones. “No, Mr. Cody.”
Cody fingers the second gem stone. “I promise I’ll go faster with multiple questions. SUSY-Q, first question, was any pageant girl wearing an emerald or a ruby or a diamond in their tiara the night of the bomb explosion? Second question, was the diamond stone stolen from the pageant?”
The robot drones. “The answer is no on both questions, Mr. Cody,” when mouths drop from the others.
Cody nods and fingers the wall. “Please verify the eight stolen gem stones as I identify them in no specific order then remove the stone from the wall. A purple amethyst; a golden topaz; a black onyx; a pale yellow ligurus; an orange Jasper;  a green heliodor; a light green chrysoprase; a yellow chrysolite; a bright red carnelian; a blood red carbuncle. Am I correct, SUSY-Q?” the wall is white again.
The robot drones. “Yes, Mr. Cody.”
Cody nods and smiles. “All this shit hit me when I saw Brone’s torso vest,” he grabs a black marker than draws on the white wall. He draws an outline of a man’s torso without the arms then a series of egg-sized objects in three rows. “A breastplate is a set of plates that cover the front of the body from the neck to the below the waist. Breastplates are the oldest pieces of body armor during war. Moses was a tall dude being able to tote two stone tablets down a mountain side. ‘Aaron wore the breastplate on the heart,’ the book of Exodus 28:29. Aaron was tall being his brother. A tall man of six, three has about a 56-inched chest going around his torso. The frontal breastplate would have held all the gem stones for both beauty and protection. Half of 56-inches is 28-inches. I removed four inches for the two smelly armpits. The total inches across the chest are 24-inches. There are five egg-shaped gem stones on the first row near his neck which takes 15-inches of the 24-inches filling the chest with shiny mineral nicely,” laughs. “Then there are four egg-shaped gem stones located on the second row. On the third row you have the Asher tribe represented by the agate stone in the middle per the Bible. ‘The agate was the second stone of the third row for the tribe of Asher,’” he draws the third row with two egg-sized stones on the end and a flat oval shape in the middle. He smiles “Here’s the breastplate worn by Aaron and Brone,” chuckles. “I don’t know the exact size of the stones…”
Islander reads his mobile telephone. “This might help, Cody. The largest polished gem stone in the world currently, the Cullinan diamond has the dimensions of three-inches long, two-inches wide, two-inches deep, weighing one pound. That’s big and heavy for a gem stone.”
Fucner reads his mobile telephone and laughs. “It says here that the priest’s underwear was for glory and for beauty…”
“The priests’ undergarments, man. He can’t read or write…,” frowns Islander at the information on his mobile telephone.
Fucner laughs. “Fuck you!”
“But curses really well,” chuckles Islander.
“O! ‘The priest wore priestly breeches from the waist to the knees to cover thy nakedness, not visible under the priestly tunic’ from Exodus 28:2. And they wore a chef’s hat to cover thy cone-shaped naked stinky hair roots,” Fucner laughs. “God had to tell these folks in the Bible to wear underwear like their earth-mama and daddy, Adam and Eve. Geez, what a batch of dummies?”
“Thanks for wasting our time, Fucner.” Yorkie frowns at him.
Fucner nods and grins with wickedness. “You are most happily welcome, my dear.”
Cody tosses his hands, nodding. “Okay, okay, Brone is duplicating the twelve stones from Aaron’s priestly breastplate for some weird-ass reason…”
“Son of a bronze…,” grins Fucner.
“Son of a Bronx…,” grins Islander.
“Son of a bitch…,” sours Skippy.
Yorkie exhales. “Why would Brone create Aaron’s priestly breastplate with the twelve gem stones represented by the twelve tribes of Israel?”
Fucner laughs. “Ahem! I’ve been shouting the answer to the heavens all along. No one can find the Ark of the Covenant. It sleeps in heaven, not inside a musky cave, or under the hot sandy desert, or underneath gallons of ocean water. Don’t ya’ll got two sets of eardrums like me?”
Cody shakes his curls. “I don’t know how to address that. His vest is the test. The vest held all the specific Bible mentioned gem stones but one, the agate. Brone is after the biblical gem stones, not the biblical ark or the biblical copper scrolls.”
Yorkie nods. “Brone wants the twelve gem stones mentioned in the Bible for his pretty vest. How did he know that the blue agate was in Tanner, Alabama?”
Fucner laughs. “He consulted a fortune teller. Ya know we should’ve done the same damn thing, less time and more fun.”
Cody raises the agate, studying it. “I suspect that someone planted it there.”
Islander reads his mobile telephone. “I suspect that a beauty queen is dead. I found an internet article of a dead girl who was the previous winner of the Miss Starlite pageant two years ago. Her apartment was robbed and she was murdered. The police have not found the killer either. Her possessions listed as a watch, a bracelet and a tiara with a blue agate stone.”
Fucner nods. “Brone did it. He’s been living in the Huntsville area for years. Man, this entire thing is a set up for something else coming with a bigger boom.”
Skippy nods. “I finally agree with Fucner’s statement. Brone is cooking up something else. Let me point out that you are my team, but you can stand and walk away right now. You have been paid for your old assignment, stopping Brone from exploding a nuclear power plant. We did it. No power plant exploded. But we have a new assignment, finding Brone. Who wants to leave,” when silence invades the room. No one stands but eyeballs scan each face. Skippy smiles and nods, “Excellent, I have my team and you will be paid tonight for your day’s contribution at midnight. Let us start with the assumption that Brone wants the gem stones for more than beauty on his leather vest. Start the questions?”
Islander frowns then views his mobile telephone. “Why come here to Alabama for a blue rock? We have agate here too, but agate rocks are located all over the world also. For example, the blue stone of lapis lazuli inside Miss Madagascar’s tiara has been mined for over 6,000 years. It’s nicknamed ‘the blue star’ and can heal headaches and sore throats. Within a 6,000 year time frame there must be zillions of tiny blue stones everywhere in the world to hunt and find.”
Skipper nods. “An excellent question?”
Yorkie frowns. “What’s so unique about an agate?”
Skipper reads his mobile telephone. “Agate is a semi-precious natural gemstone found in areas subjected to massive volcanic activity during the Tertiary Period. The agates were formed when hot water saturated with silica and iron oxide repeatedly filled cracks and bubbles in the rock. It rates a seven on the Mohs scale of hardness. The hardness prevents the issues of fading, cracking, and scratching. Diamond is the highest rate of ten on the Mohs scale. The agate is associated with volcanic rock and common in certain metamorphic rocks. The stone was given its name by Theophrastus, a Greek naturalist who discovered the stone along the shoreline.”
Islander reads his mobile telephone. “The rough agate rocks are found is Brazil, China, India, Australia, Kazakhstan, Madagascar, Mexico, Mongolia, Namibia, Uruguay, USA, and almost everywhere. The agate raw rock comes in different shading of color red, green, orange, brown, black, white…”
Fucner says. “Why do people hold land hostage? They can’t pay the ransom. It belongs to God. When Brother Jesus comes back then ya gotta surrender it to Him like he’s going to want the shitty smelly landmines where people dump their piss…”
Yorkie reads her mobile telephone. “Agates were used as gemstones by the Egyptains over 3,000 years ago. Agates are one of the oldest gemstones mentioned in world history books. In Russia, an agate is prized as a stone of riches, good health and longevity. It’s associated with protection and communicating with all things in nature. Since biblical times, the agate stone is a stone of protection and used to protect against storms. It heals fevers and quenches thirst. Here’s the clincher.  It’s a popular gemstone in men’s jewelry designs with the tribal look appealing to the males…
“There ya go! Brone’s starting a new fashion trend…,” nods and chuckles Fucner.
Islander reads his mobile telephone. “Agate is a form of cryptocrystalline quartz. Cryptocrystalline quartz is one of two branches of quartz gemstones. Microcrystalline is the other branch which forms the gemstones of amethyst, citrine, and smoky quartz. It has a hardness of seven on the Mohs scale. It can be identified through its silicon dioxide (Si02) composition. Most quartz has traced of manganese ions, not iron ions.”
Fucner smiles and fingers his mobile telephone. “This is some awesome learned information. The former geographical site of the two Jewish temples, ya know the first Temple of Solomon and the rebuilt Temple of Solomon. It’s the same spot where Brother Jesus tossed the tables of merchandise on the stone flooring scattering the goods, because the folks were selling stuff inside the temple like a department store. Well, Brother Jesus said to the Jewish priests that not one stone of the temple would be left standing for their evil act and there ain’t. Golly, I think people should really listen to Brother Jesus and His words. Ya know when you write down His words you’re supposed to capitalized the pronoun ‘His’ for Brother Jesus. Anyways, the Bible history was told in a four city block square. Wow, a most important Bible history lesson back then and present-day, don’t piss off Brother Jesus. Period,” grins and chuckles.
Skipper reads his mobile telephone. “The Greek agate is tan. The Brazilian agate is brown. The Mexican agate is gold.  The Wyoming agate is black. The Argentina agate is pink. The Botswana agate is gray. The fire agate is yellow found in Tennessee. The Michigan agate is white. The Minnesota agate is red. The California agate is purple. The China agate is orange. The Mongolia agate is green. The Australia agate is orange. The India agate is green. The Madagascar is gray….”
Cody stands and twirls around again. “The color!? It’s the color. Don’t ya’ll see? Don’t ya’ll hear? I heard the colors of tan, gold, gray, red, yellow and others, but blue,” reads his mobile telephone. “Here’s the answer, ya’ll. The blue agate has traces of iron ions ribboned in the color of blood red mixed with the blue mineral. The blue agate will boost your ability to communicate especially the thoughts and feelings that your receive from your higher self or God. It’s an excellent emotional healing stone with strong metaphysical properties. No wonder it’s rare. God can talk to you. Or you can talk with God. It alleviates anger and nervous tension bringing you peace and calmness of mind. In the Bible God, Brother Jesus and Saint Peter say to mediate or pray or get closer to God. The blue agate can make ya cheat to be closer to God, sorta. It’s the most powerful healing stones within the crust of Planet Earth. Blue anhydrite communicates with your angel…”
“Bullshit!” Fucner laughs then chews his food.
Cody nods and reads his mobile telephone. “Blue gem stones come from all over the world. There’s a blue apatite, a blue aragonite, a blue calcite, a blue hemimorphy but a blue agate’s one of the rarest and most of quartz with good hardness and durability. And it’s only found here in the river waters of Alabama. Yee-haw,” tosses his hands.
“Bullshit!” Fucner frowns and reads his mobile telephone.
“I’ll demonstrate to my self-doubting redneck friends,” Cody raises the rock. “Behold, I hold a rough rock of quartz that I collected during my run-in with Brone when he was aiming a gun in my face. Quartz is a silicon dioxide. It has a hardness of seven on the Mohs scale being both hardy and durable for every day wear. Quartz is the most common mineral on the crust part of Earth at thirteen percent being composed of a principal component of magmatic, metamorphic acid rocks and sandstone. Quartz is divided into two categories: microcrystalline and cryptocrystalline. Cryptocrystalline is a Greek word meaning ‘hidden’ referencing the crystals are too small to be seen even under a microscope. You’re familiar with many types of cryptocrystalline quartz like agate. Sardonyx is brownish red. Chrysoprase is a light green, an orange jasper, and a bronze tiger eye. Microcrystalline means a large crystal which is known as amethyst. My medium sized rock is an agate in pretty yellow and red tones, most common in Bama. A quartz rock is a crystal structure created in layers thus designed in layers when the hot water bubbles then cools the volcanic lava around the dust. A crystal structure is built out of bonded atoms. These atoms lie in a regular repeating dimensional array or plane. Some planes are very strong but some are very weaker where there are fewer atomic bonds. It’s along the weak plane that I split or cleave my agate rock. Cleavage allows the gem cutter to shape a rough crystal into any desired shape. Now days, a gem cutter uses a gem saw. Moses didn’t have a gem saw, so I use my sharp knife like he did. If I allow too much pressure of splitting the rock or knock the knife in the wrong direction then I can split the stone in half. I take my sharp knife then cleave down at the parallel towards the table. Cleavage only occurs in crystalline substances,” lifts the rock. “There, I have a smooth line from the tip to bottom on the left side. This is how the ‘worker of bronze’ cut the rough rocks into smooth stones by smoothing a flat line. This is the flat part laid on the back of the leather breastplate. The art of cutting stones was created by the Romans as world history books told. The same world history books stated around 800 BC the Phoenician lived in colonies around eastern Mediterranean coast, now Lebanon and Israel that traded with the countries of Egypt and Mesopotamia and the new city blocks in Greece and Italy. The ancient gem cutters polished gem stones made of the most common abrasive and yet hard enough to withstand the hardships of normal daily wear and tear from colliding into the massive limestone pillars and the fighting bronze weapons,” laughs. “Anyways, quartz was readily available and polished into gem stones using yellow agate, red carnelian, and blue lapis lazuli. In 8th century BC the Roman added gem stones into the gold workings. The end.”
Fucner exhales. “Not the end, why’s your lecture one, boring and two, wasting my time, Cody?”
Yorkie shakes her curls, exhaling. “I wanna believe ya. The breastplate stones would have been wore or lost or stolen or whatever by our time frame, Cody. Even if there is some magic or miracle one single stone survived it would be rubbed down to dust.”
Cody leans into the chair, nodding and smiling. “I know that. Brone is collecting the original foundation stones from the Temple of King Solomon.”
Fucner stands and claps then laughs then fingers Cody. “The kid’s too good.”
“What!?” Yorkie stands, dropping her mouth.
“Holy shit,” Skippy stands, dropping his mouth.
“Ah, naw,” Islander sits and shakes his skull.
Cody leans into the chair, smiling and nodding as the team members sit. He says. “My theory, in the book of Ezekiel 28:16, ‘the gem stones bedecked the king of Tyre.’ So, the worker of bronze came from the destroyed civilization of Tyre which was predicted by prophet Ezekiel. The book of Third Kings 10:11, ‘King Solomon equipped a fleet of ships from his home for sail and then returned upon seas for home with precious stones.’ Solomon came home on the ships with a pile of rough raw rocks. Then the worker of bronze whom he hired away from King Tyre built the freaking Temple of Solomon which took thirteen long, hard years. The worker of bronze did not see the ark or would have been blinded or dead, permanently. During one of the many battles while King Solomon was out fighting with his sword, the worker of bronze stole the remnant pieces of the foundation stones at the temple. No electricity for dying. No seeing by the peasants. No problem of stealing.
“The precious stones were remarkable in their color, brilliant and rarity held in high esteem by kings. They’re used in adornment of ceremony of life and death. The stones were used in rings, bracelets, collars, and necklaces, the crowns and garments of kings and priests too. The gem stones were present in the breastplate of Aaron, the Ark of Covenant, and the inside the temple of Jerusalem.  Okay, that makes at least three sets of the gem stones, so far. The first temple was destroyed in the year 586 by the Babylonians then King Darius was exiled. In the book of Isaiah 2:2, ‘the re-built Jewish temple would become a place of prayer.’ The original temple was 180 feet long, 90 feet wide and 50 feet high. The cedar wood came from King Hiram of Tyre. The building stones were made with cut stones of hewn as ordered by God which is processed by hand chiseling using King Solomon’s own people around the clock. The altar foundation was made of uncut stones as told in the book of Kings 18:30, ‘when Elijah rebuilt the altar for God he used one stone from each of the twelve tribes of Israel.’
“So, good wise King Solomon did the same thing inside the altar room making it hot, hot, sizzling when the ark with the vinegar was placed in there. Because the uncut raw stones represented God’s creation of earth, soil, and air, not touched by man. The worker of bronze or Brone stole the altar foundation stones of uncut rocks. The breastplate of Aaron was created for the high-priest garments. The twelve stones of the breastplate and the two stones of the shoulder-ornaments were considered the most precious of all the stones representing the twelve tribes of Israel. The two shoulder stones held the twelve names of the Israel which probably were gold and silver which could be easily engraved like present day. These rocks that have been tarried around for centuries slowly disintegrating among the earth and outer space radiation until a gem cutter acquired them.
“The assumption is a named Brone. He created a great big egg-sized gem stone with his gem cutting talents. He was probably robbed or had to sell the gem stones to pay off his financial debt since banks didn’t loan out money a long time ago. Think it, ya’ll! The Ark of the Convent uses the stones for electricity zapping their enemies during war. Stones are physical earth matter that will eventually turn into dust like us. That’s why the ark quit working, the stones disintegrated into nothingness. The Bible doesn’t say where the original gem stones came from, but there were no gem cutters back then, only bronze workers. For making Aaron’s breastplate, the lump of rough raw rock was sliced ugly in the back then mounted upon the leather. They had animal leather pouches for water and wine too. The breastplate was made from leather for fighting with the Canaanites, the Hittites, the Amorites and all the other stopping some blood flow, not much. Grrr!
“Anyways, the stones inside the breastplate were not electrocuted inside the ark. The raw stones were ripped off literally during one of the many invasions of King Solomon’s temple. Most or all ended in the hands of a gem cutter in Rome, Italy. The world history books tattled that the oldest gem cutting was a round cut by the Romans with emerald, rubies, and sapphires, O my. The Bible clearly states that diamonds were not used in the priestly breastplate, specifically because diamonds were in the far away country Africa, not buried around Jerusalem. A diamond nugget is harvested then cut by a gem cutter. The art of faceting a gemstone wasn’t invented until the 15th century within the country of India. Now, the gem stones can be used to activate a re-built ark with a promise of death and destruction not commanded by God. Brone is building a second Ark of the Covenant…”
“O my gawd!” Yorkie stands, dropping her mouth.
“Fuck it.” Fucner frowns, sitting and shaking his skull.
“Holy shit.” Skippy stands, dropping his mouth.
“Damn it!” Islander sits and shakes his skull too.
“Now, I’m really scared to death of dying young,” laughs Fucner.
Skipper shakes his hands. “Kid, your theories are giving me a headache and a heart attack. Do ya have some proof?”
Cody says. “Let’s start our theory from the beginning using the Bible facts. Fact one, the ark was built by God on top of a mountain. Fact two…”
Fucner smiles at Islander. “Are ya like the Wizard of Is or something?”
Skippy winks at Islander. “He’s the opposite of the Wizard of Oz. Right Is?”
Fucner frowns and sours at Islander, fingering Cody. “So ya verified and confirmed that the blonde scarecrow doesn’t have a brain. Right, Wizard of Is? Right! Okay, a big fat ‘F’ for everyone but me. First off, the builder built the ark had to touch it. The carriers carry the ark had to touch it. The stealers steal the ark had to touch it. If that box of pure gold was touched then the world would be half of six billion peoples, especially in the countries of Israel, Saudi Arabia, the entire Middle East. Right? Right! As the golden box was being hauled like a cow to the slaughter house then the entire Bible folks would be electrified and dead. Right? Right!”
Islander nods. “There was reported about 70,000 deaths contributed to the ark out of about one million. That’s a significant number to me.”
“Me too! Please continue, Cody!” Skippy nods.
Fucner frowns. “Show me that Bible text now?”
“Continue, Cody,” Yorkie nods.
Cody exhales. “Everyone would have wanted to touch a gold smooth shiny object. Hell, the Egyptians slept in their gold. Boom! They touched the ark. Dead. The more people touched the ark, the more people died. God’s plan, not mine. If you see the gold box then I predict about seventy percent of the folks would be dead…”
Fucner nods and smiles. “God kills people, not objects.”
“The Christian point of the story, Fucner,” sours Islander.
Fucner smiles. “The point, God satisfied his killing spree with the destruction of the Tower of Babel, the Flood, Sodamn and Gory thingie, and then turned Lot’s wife into a salt shaker then came the happy days in Israel…,” nods and whistles a song for his shitty fun.
Cody exhales. “Moses leaves Mount Sinai with priests toting the ark clothed in blue cloth and animal skins. Well, the eyeballs of the priests were concealed as they carried it. When the priests marched through the Jordan River it separated the fresh water giving a free pathway to cross the river bed and then more stones were collected from the child or the lowly priestesses or whoever. Let’s review. Most of the precious stones are composed of agates which live in the fresh water. Jordan River is a fresh water body of water. The cute kids collected the big rough raw rocks from the muddy sediments giving to their mamas and daddies for goat pouch storing. In the book of Joshua 2:1 ‘Joshua entered the walls of Jericho.’ The city of Jericho was destroyed by Joshua carrying the Ark of the Covenant. The present day archeologists dig and dig in the dirt without finding an apple seed of Jericho because the weapon of mass destruction obliterated the men, women, and children, plants, and animals. Present-day, the archeologists cannot find one broken pottery fragment or a single bronze earring, since we’re talking about the bronze age of the Bible around 1400 BC or so. The city of Gilgal exists. Here it is on my cell…”
Fucner clears his throat and fingers his mobile telephone. “Ya know in Joshua 6:26, ‘Joshua cursed the city like a spell on the rebuilding of Jericho. With it, the firstborn kid would die if one stone was laid as a foundation piece and the youngest would die if the gate stone was laid. I think sometimes archeologist do too much science, not enough reading inside the Bible. Jericho ain’t coming back ever.”
Cody frowns. “The ark parts the water. Water is the key like a stream or a river for tracking backwards in time and space finding the stones. This is interesting. It says here that God dried up the waters of Jordan and the waters of the Red Sea. The land produces the earth minerals that we consume into our mouths and wear on our bodies like pearl earrings or sapphire hand rings. I bet the gems stones came from the river bed of the waters that God dried up. Every time Joshua moved around the land he carried the ark drying up the streams and rivers. The Red Sea is dry and dead. Right? Right! God will continue to dry up the waters for his children to know his powers. Okay, so the ark and stones as they tarried dried up the rivers. That changes everything fucking things, folks. Bring up a visual map, SUSY-Q,” when the map of Israel shows. Cody nods. “Jordan River is fed by the melting snow that collects on top of the peaks of Mount Hermon and the other mountains. The Jordan River is the most famous river in history. The river is a vital resource of water among Israel, Jordan, Syria, Lebanon and the Palestinians with 90 percent of the water flow diverted for domestic and agricultural use and heavily polluted by sewage and industrial run-off. Yuck-o! The Jordan River is listed as the top hundred most endangered rivers in the world…”
Fucner laughs. “Because it’s treated as a backyard shit tank dumping shit and chemical into the water and soil, un-smart Cody who’s a Christian but doesn’t read his Bible lessons at night.”
“The only connection is this Brone person, place or thing along with a group of zealots that dead and buried Governor Ashmore brought into Alabama for some stupid ass reason who we can’t find and are responsible for many people deaths and tons of property destruction. Money is the great stupid ass reason. The zealots are totally matched group of religious freaks that want all Americans dead like a door knob,” nods Yorkie.
“Call them the z-men for zealots…,” nods Fucner.
“What about the all the beauty contestant girls killed in Birmingham and Huntsville? Each girl came from a good family looking for an opportunity. Some were American citizens, not wealthy, either,” nods Islander.
Fucner frowns. “Has the pageant billionaire distributed his money to the dead?”
Islander shakes his skull. “No money has been distributed yet, maybe years or decades or centuries with billionaires…”
Yorkie reads from her mobile telephone, smiling and nodding. “The priests bore the ark of the covenant in the waters of the Jordan River as the tribe of Gad attacked the children of Israel. This is amazing I never saw this before. The ark is so powerful that it can force water to separate from the land. How dangerous is that to us if Brone possessing that great power? The answer is too much for us and the rest of the entire world. Unbelievable!”
Cody says. “The ark was stored and stowed inside the temple away from the good people. Therefore the ark is a modern day war machine with fantastic powers to kill all. There’re raw elements of gold, silver, salt, and electricity. Iron and silver is like zinc and silver for a battery to power a modern day flashlight. A high voltage electrical shock is like a fence post in the back of my farm property for my dumb ass cows. Bodies sweat produces water and salt. Salt is a conductor of heat then you touch the rod was iron. Iron and water don’t mix when copper is present. This is called electrochemistry…”
Skippy nods and frowns. “What type of elements and what kinds of combination are you referencing in your electrochemistry set, Cody?”
Cody thumb-types on his mobile telephone looking for more information, says. “Zinc is a very popular element used today and way back in Egyptian times. Silver metal only requires heating to be useful. Manganese is a common compound used as far back as 300,000 years ago which is derived from the mineral of pyrolusite in a beautifully black pigment mined in eastern Sinai today.”
Yorkie studies her mobile telephone, nodding. “Hmm, I can only think of potassium hydroxide which is a very strong caustic and not readily present which is today produced by electrolysis of concentrated potassium chloride mined from sylvite deposits. You need two alkali materials potash…”
Fucner laughs and fingers at Cody. “You’re a potash, Cody!”
Cody chuckles then fingers Fucner. “You’re a gigantic Golgotha head, Fucner. Eat that one, if you can,” laughs with the others.
“Potash is potassium carbonate an element used for 2,000 in the soap making process. That’s soap making Egyptian style, ya’ll,” giggles Yorkie.
Cody nods. “Add potash and lime, you get potassium chloride, where the lime is produced by heating limestone. The two elements, potash and lime together produce ten times more caustic then the zinc or silver or manganese constituents which yield one hell of a punch to someone or something,” nods.
Skippy nods. “Wait, limestone rock is everywhere here in Bama and other parts of the world.”
Cody nods. “That’s right. Potassium chloride can’t be mixed out of common household items. That’s the answer in what Brone is trying to do…”
Skipper frowns. “It doesn’t make any sense. An array of high energy is solid not gas or a mist but a killer…”
“The electrodes are usually in the form of a paste like when limestone is heated than drips from your bathroom facet like candle wax and then accumulates around on the silver plated bathroom drains like at my house,” nods Yorkie.
“The box of the ark would act like a sealed container much like a flashlight battery. What’s it going to interact with the potassium chloride or something else? This is half of the chemical puzzle. We are missing something…”
“Someone, his name is Brone Angel or White or something,” nods Fucner.
Cody frowns, reading his mobile telephone. “The ark is a mysterious energy source capable of lashing out megatons of massive amounts of blinding light and killing energy at your skull then kill ya body dead. Boom! The materials were available during the Bronze Age of 1400 BC. The Anatolia culture of Turkey was smelting iron as early as 2000 BC on the edge of the Iron Age along with hammered iron in Egypt. So, in Moses’ time flash back time, there are certain words that relate to chemistry and metallurgy such as copper, iron, silver, gold, salt and vinegar. In the book of Exodus 31:1 through 6, ‘Moses turned the specs of the ark to architect to build the ark.’ He didn’t die. Right? Right! Because the ingredients were not mixed together like my grandmomma’s biscuits. In the year 1938, Dr. Wilhelm Kong found a 2,000 year old pottery jar in the basement of the Baghdad Museum which was built with an iron rod surrounded by a copper cylinder and filled with vinegar produced an electrical charge of energy which is known as a battery. When an iron rod surrounded by copper is submerged in vinegar it produces one volt of electricity. When you have people sweating over their bodies and onto a gold box creating a battery exhibition then you would get a slight jolt of an electrolyte based electrochemistry. Using the elements of vinegar, copper and iron you get electricity then using other combinations of metals with the electrolytes, you could produce a better more powerful high energy. For example, you could get a high energy source of tremendous voltage which could wallop and kill someone or something. Okay, let’s based our new theory on modern chemistry, the ancient source for the ark used copper and iron as electrodes immersed in a tub of vinegar maybe located in the bottom of the ark itself, since it was made of pure gold. Now today a person would need a separator allowing the electrons to flow freely between the two plates of dissimilar metals which react creating a better faster flow of electricity. For example, Thomas Edison used zinc and copper as electrons to produce his electricity. A flashlight uses zinc and manganese and ammonium. The modern battery for your TV remote control uses a combo of zinc and silver oxide to ignite the power. The use of zinc, silver, manganese or potassium today is light years ahead of Moses but applying today’s high technology knowledge, ya could build a rocket ship. Right? Right! I mean Moses did the work constructing the physical box of the ark then placed the raw metals inside that manufacture nothing more than a simply chemical reaction but in the eyeballs of a slave it would be magic. There are lots of different combos of metals and chemicals when arranged right produce your jolt of volt. For example, iron and copper used by Moses; the zinc and copper used by first year chemicals student at Burn U in lab classroom, and zinc and silver used by Thomas Edison. The zinc and silver is very popular and common in almost all household batteries including the defense weapons and space satellites. You can argue those minerals were filling the bottom of the ark making it very powerful in the eyeballs of 21st century man too.”
Islander nods. “This is scary a discussion thread.”
“Ya think this is a scary discussion thread just wait until ya see me blog, since I’m taking notes. I’m recording all the information.” Fucner laughs. “And speaking of shared information, I saw a ball of green light one night, not fake. It came right moving across a purple-blue sky then hovered for two or three seconds and then shot off into outer space then all gone. Ya know up…”
Islander laughs. “The only ball of green light was your mouth vomit dropping from your pouted lips onto the grass, vomiting inside my copter during Cody’s rescue. Tell us that alien feeling, Fucner?”
Fucner frowns. “Did I ask you for your experience alien encounter, Is?”
“A living light,” Yorkie nods.
Cody says. “SUSY-Q, show the Ark of the Covenant with the bolts of lighting projecting from the sides of the gold,” when an image appears on the wall. “An emitted ray of force, a blinding light not seen that explains the phrase: do not look into the light…”
Fucner nods. “The light is bad.”
Skippy nods. “Golly, the ark is an instrument of power to create cosmic energy to change matter. A present day nuclear bomb armed with several laser beams, since energy waves travel while matter does not…”
Fucner smiles and nods. “I am matter. I matter. I am…”
Cody says. “The iron rods, a vase of manna which is really vinegar, some stones inside a gold box would produce a very powerful set of laser beams. Electric condensers are used in electrochemical. And the power source was constantly re-charged due to the stones that acted like crystals. Yeah, that’s it. The stones are the power source. Ya’ll see when working the stones it creates an electromagnetic field separating the water so the children could find more stones to place into the wooden box since the old stones were burned into ashes. In the Bible, the ark brought peace for 200 years and is cited more often than any other physical object, yet no one can find one sliver of the wood or a gem flake of the stone. Why? First one, it’s a priceless gold box. Gold has been precious and robbed since cavemen could beat ya with a T-rex shin bone. Second off, the stones are the harness of power then another set of twelve stones can be mined and placed inside the box that surrounds with two iron rods making some new kinda big bang for planet earth and shocked earthlings. The ark is a chest described in the book of Exodus is made from acacia wood which is water proof. So the people can splash around in the water for fun, not ruin the wooden box. The Bible says that the city of Jericho was taken down after the ark paraded around the walls for seven days by the sound of seven trumpets using a set of hollow horns from killed rams. Rams were used as meat and fur if interested. The Jericho wall broke apart exposing the village for attack by Joshua then all the men, women, and children was killed by Joshua. A Jericho wall translates into a dead end much similar to the equal expression, a brick wall. The ark is mentioned numerous times in the Books of Deuteronomy, Joshua, Judges, Samuel II, Samuel, Kings, Chronicles, Psalms, Jeremiah. Then in the book of Jeremiah, ‘the ark wasn’t talked about or used any more per God.’ The ark is a worthless nuclear bomb becoming a biblical artifact. In the New Testament the ark in the letter to the Hebrews of Saint John told that the inners contained Aaron’s rod, the jar of food called manna, and the stone tablets. Rod is a iron work coupled with vinegar that is a brilliant piece of modern electron high technology, ya’ll.”
Islander nods and smiles. “I find the noise factor of the ark intriguing. Sound activates lots of earth elements with pitch and waves. The rod could be vibrating as the horns play the music which interacts with the jar of vinegar that spills over the stones then you have a chemical reaction of crystals amplifying energy wave lengths that can from a pure box of gold. Gold is a conductor of heat and light…”
Yorkie nods. “Good grief, it does work.”
Skipper nods. “So based on your information the covered animal skins blocked the energy charge from your eyeballs and hands and body parts. The horn of the ram announces the coming arrival of the ark so get out of the way, ya’ll.”
Cody exhales. “The Bible says that ark was carried around for forty long years. Why didn’t the Bible record more deaths within the God’s people trotting beside the ark? The answer, the ark was not activated or lighted or powered up like a computer with its bells, whistles, and lighting bolts. The Bible says the Israelites were punished by God then wandered around the desert looking for the Promised Land. Joshua led the Israelites while the priests carried the ark. When the feet of the priests touched the water the river grew dry and then parted safely for the God’s people, because of the chemical reaction within the ark safely shielded from God’s people. The Bible says that the twelve stones were taken from the Jordan River and then placed as memorial for God. Yeah, wrong! The stones had been evaporated into gray ashes from the radiation powers of the ark, so the collection of the stones refueled the ark for Joshua’s new battle with more enemies. Ya got admit seeing a three-foot cover golden shiny box makes your loin cloth rise and your heartbeat pound for that big greedy possession. Gold is still a valuable commodity, present-day. The stones are the primary power source activating the iron rod which sings in sweet harmony, before it blasts its rays into your eyeballs. The singing is covered the tooting of the ram’s horns in a dull bass tone. Then the vinegar spills over the stones creating one helluva of an energy wave near the stupid sucker trying to kill Joshua. The wave or waves probably zapped out faster than a flinging pair of angel’s wings looking like a lighting bolt. At the city of Jericho, the sonar boon of music and the creation of the energy wave would have exploded a stone wall within minutes, when the power reached max peak. The Bible says that Joshua murdered the citizens of Jericho. I restate that the Jericho folks were bleeding and dying from the radiation poisoning of the ark. Joshua eased their suffering acting in mercy, not murder. Each time Joshua battled, he won victorious as the Bible tells me so,” chuckles. “Then Joshua lost his first battle and only defeat to the Philistines surrendering the ark. Bad things happened then, man. The Philistines were smitten with hemorrhoids of the asshole, plague of mice over the land, and affliction of boils over their bodies, so the Philistines returned the golden ark to Joshua. In the pasture field of Bethshemite, 50,000 people were smitten by God’s wrath,” nods.
“O boy,” nods Fucner.
Cody nods. “Because the ark wasn’t clothed by the blue cloth or animal skins, so it emitted radiation waves over and over to each person causing boils and hemorrhoids,” grins. “God sent the mice over from the field like he did to Ramses, repeat,” chuckles with the others.
Islander reads his mobile telephone. “The blue cloth of fabric was a long sleeveless external robe of blue worn by royalty mixed with purple and scarlet and fine twined linen wrought with needlework. The blue dye was derived from rare type of snails worth their weight in gold, only worn by princes and high priests. The source of the dye is call tekhelet, the color of the sky and the sea. It’s extracted from the snail while still alive from a particular snail that has an off-white shell with stripes of brown, producing the purplish-blue color. The dye process occurred outside in the bright Mediterranean sunlight changing the natural purple tint to blue.”
Fucner reads his mobile telephone. “Golgotha is ‘a skull’ in Greek language, the globular shape of the human cranium. Goatskin was created for foot ware, wallets and belts. Sheep skins are used as rugs keeping the naked people rolling on the floor warm,” nods and smiles.
Yorkie nods. “A boil is an infection of a hair follicle caused from an iron deficient like diabetes. They look like big red tender spots with white pus kinda like a teen zit but bigger. It is a form of bacteria known today as Staphylococcus aurues or Staph. People with boils are happy and healthy folks, sometimes with bad personal hygiene. The staph infection is carried by all of you, if you don’t wash your hands and bathe once a week with water and soap to prevent a boil. Also you need to eat a balanced diet of meats, fruits and vegetables. Don’t pick your nose and eat your boogers. Wash your clothes plus eating oranges for the vitamin C will prevent any type of boil. Most likely these folks didn’t follow any or all of them rules making them susceptible to the Staph. Then there is not theory of people touching and drooling over a golden box that contained a rusty iron and a bottle of sour vinegar…,” giggles and nods.
Fucner nods and smiles. “‘xplains the plague of mice.”
Cody reads his mobile telephone. “Inside the Temple of Solomon a special inner room was designed to house the ark. When the priests placed the box in there, it was filled with a cloud. This makes so much sense. It was the chemical reaction of the bond agents from jiggling the vinegar and iron, without the music, probably like a glowing ghost hovering in the room. Even Solomon couldn’t contain the thing, when he married and toted his personal possession to the city of Zion. The Zionians was consecrated, because of the ark…”
Fucner laughs. “The drunken fools on pot didn’t know to stop mixing the stones and sour vinegar inside with the rusty iron rod like a martini. I bet more people died from air poison then gazing at the thing,” nods and laughs.
Skipper reads his mobile telephone. “The Bible says that the ark was kept for twenty years inside the Temple of Solomon. Get this fool! Here is an article on the internet. It says that one of the temple priests tried to kidnap the box but wasn’t killed by wise King David, but by another unseen force. The priest probably mixed the stones with the vinegar to keep it from spilling during his proposed escape then accidentally activated the radiation wave,” laughs. “See, this proof that you can touch the ark without the tooting horns and the rod singing like a church choir.”
Yorkie reads her mobile telephone. “The Bible says that King Josiah moved that to another temple but it was removed by his predecessor King Darius who lost it to Babylonians. Some of the Jewish kings were smart.”
Cody scans the face around the table, nodding. “The Ark of the Covenant is a superconductor with a resonance frequency. This frequency was how God communicated with Moses…”
“A single frequency radio receiver that a higher intelligent being uses to give His orders through,” Fucner tosses his hands, laughing. “O, God is the extra-terrorist being the US Federal Government is looking for. Why doesn’t someone tell them? Then I can retire wealthy after keeping all my damn US income taxes instead of spending my taxes on wars, and space satellites to Mars,” nods and laughs again.
Skippy frowns with annoyance. “O, the wonder of the stupid human mind view, Brone will re-build the ark holding a singular awesome power that’s greater than any president or any nation. People will flock to see and then touch and then finally feel the energy of death from a pure golden box with two golden shiny cherubim facing each other with wings expanded, just because,” shakes his skull. “Ya cannot command the brain-washed fools for the ultimate purpose of death.”
Islander frowns and nods. “We have to stop him.”
Skippy nods. “We have to tell someone, an authority figure like a congressman or the media.”
Yorkie nods. “I’ll inform the White House, but I don’t know if they’ll even believe this or me,” shakes her curls.
Cody fingers the ceiling. “If one claims to hold the intact or busted remnants of the ark, so be it. If one claims to hold the ark then lights the chemical reactor inside with the stones, sour vinegar, and the iron rod, then they be dead, not telling it to anyone. The world countries of South Africa, France, and Rome might hold the treasure and maybe our withholding some accidental deaths from the public. I would too.”
“Don’t live forever or can’t live forever, which one is correct?” Fucner nods and laughs.
Islander frowns. “The wood inside the ark would be rotten by present day 21st century, so I don’t understand how any person can activate the lighting bolts of the Ark of the Covenant.”
Cody reads his mobile telephone. “I agree. The acacia wood comes from a thorn bush with sticky sap, green leaves and rounded pods containing tannins, historically used as pharmaceuticals or drugs. That makes sense too. The Jewish priests were on drugs not feeling the effects of the radiated energy rays when it blasted from the Ark of the Covenant during battle. I bet they just died in their sleep at night then another young priest took over the deadly job. A medicinal tree is called nilotica and is located near the Nile River. It looks like a plain old light brown trunk of a maple tree. The branches are used for animal feed, tool handles and lumber for boats. Therefore the ark was not located inside a cave or under the desert sands or near the ocean seas. This is the prime reason that no one can find the thing. The salt water would cause a chemical reaction.” 
Yorkie nods. “I agree with Cody’s arguments. All in all, Brone’s plan sounds like a rather dangerous energy source of chemical, electrical, possibly even nuclear magnitude. The Ark of the Covenant contained Aaron’s rod, a jar of manna, and the two copper scrolls as written by God and delivered by Moses. The ark emits poisonous gas, caused boils, and disfigures people who look into it. It tosses stationary bodies around and shoots out bolts of lightening then strikes moving bodies. There were specific rules for the ark. Wrap it in layers of leather and do not store near iron,” laughs with the others. “It was captured when the priests died in battle field from radiation poisoning. The captures returned the ark because of deaths and God’s wrath. Woo! I find the devise quite interesting. Its construction and instructions are similar to a Leyden jar….”
“Brone ain’t interested in all the gems tones from the Miss Starlit tiaras. He’s searching and seeking the twelve gem stones from the foundation altar. Skipper frowns, shaking his hands and skull. “I believe ya, Cody. Brone’s accumulating the twelve gems stones for his cute leather breastplate too since he can get all the damn stones then turn them into gems almost anywhere in the world. Why come and blow poor little Tanner, Alabama to heaven? I don’t understand.”
Islander nods and reads his mobile telephone. “I have a wild-ass answer for that question, skipper. Agate was the tribe of Asher formed by the deposits of siliceous beds in hollows of rocks resulting in a band of blue, red, or yellow colors of a highly polished shine. Agate is supposed to void the toxicity of all poisons and counteract the infection of contagious disease if it is held in the hand or the mouth it will alleviate fever. The amethyst stone was the tribe of Issachar that prevented intoxication, so the cups were made of amethyst. The color is a brilliant transparent stone of purple color and varying in shade from violet purple to rose. All the Bible stones have healing powers. Brone is wearing a vest of Bible stones to get from getting sick or injured or harmed. I think we should get us one too.”
“I’s agree with that wise idea,” nods Fucner.
Yorkie frowns with a sour face and raises her plastic bag of the wood. “How do you explain this petrified piece of wood which was collected in a sealed cavern on a river in Alabama, sir?”
“He can’t. He lied,” chuckles Fucner.
Islander says. “Wood rots. Gold don’t. There’s petrified wood on every forest edge through the world since the Ice Age of whatever time period on Mother Earth.”
Cody exhales and nods, reading his mobile telephone for data arguments. “Yeah, I have an explanation. The earth mineral agate grows in water, not the soil. Most of the gem stones are a variety form of agate rocks. In the Bible the city of Gilgal is the site of the gathering of the stones for the ark. Gilgal is made of dull orange brown dirt with grass and boulders, two miles northeast of Jericho. The Jordan River flows into the Dead Sea and nothing flows out. The Dead Sea is 84 miles of shore line to fish around for something that should not be there. It attracts thousands of visitors since the time of King David. It was Herod the Great’s first health spa and it supplied balms for the Egyptian mummification to potash for fertilizers…”
Fucner laughs and finger Cody. “You’re a potash, Cody!”
Islander frowns. “Shut it, Fucner.”
Cody nods. “The salt minerals are used to create cosmetics and herbal sachets. The salt minerals are used to create cosmetics and herbal sachets. Let’s supposed that a visitor picked up a salt bed with the hidden stones without knowing it…”
Fucner laughs. “That’s so potash.”
Cody says. “The Jordan River flows to the Banias River, the Dan River, the Yarmouk River, the Zarqa River and then it travels 156 miles north to south. John the Baptist was baptized there. The river drops into the swampy Lake Hula, Sea of Galilee then the Dead Sea. Archaeologists have never found any evidence that the promised land of Canaan ever existed and the conquest of Canaan never happened. And the twelve gem stones have never been found either. However the Bible states that the ark was carried through the waters of Jordan River and then the waters were separated…”
“Then the ark was carried around the walls of Jericho for seven days then The walls came tumbling down…tumbling down…,” sings Fucner then laughs. “Then the ark was lost in the battle with the Philistines. No wonder God is mad at us…them for losing the ancient battle but they can still win the war on drugs; the war on drug lords; the war with the zealots…,” chuckles. “Does that sound right, ya’ll?”
“Shut it, Fucner!” skipper frowns.
Fucner reads his mobile telephone for his shitty fun. “The philistines carted the ark to the city of Bethsames where they died and then ended up in the city of Cariathiarum…or chrysanthemum or the home of the chrysanthemum. I like chrysanthemums. The flowers are big and round like a girl’s tit,” chuckles.
Cody says. “Most of the Bible stones are agate rocks which come exclusive from the water. So the Israelites took them from the waters to fuel the Ark then tossed them back into the waters. The baby agate beds became deeply buried within the fertile soils never to be found. Over the last 2,600 years, these agate rocks have migrated by fresh water or naked feet to the other countries like Africa, India, Egypt, Australia and Alabama. Agate rocks are Bama’s treasure of gold inside streams, valleys, and mountain sides.”
Yorkie exhales. “Wow, what a story?”
“A fairy tale…,” nods Skippy.
“A farting tale…,” chuckles Fucner, texting on his mobile telephone to a new girl.
SUSY-Q stands at the walk and drones. “And Amber...”
Islander frowns at the robot. “Who’s Amber? Did she survive the bomb explosion from the Miss Starlit disaster, SUSY-Q?”
“That’d be an Almighty God act too. That building’s still smokes of rock dust,” says Fucner.
The robot drones. “Captain Skippy inquired from my data banks. Compare the gem stones from the Starlit Pageant tiaras to all known earth minerals then identify the missing gem stones. Amber is an additional gem stone missing from the tiara listing.”
Fucner slaps his forehead. “Of course, amber’s part of the twelve stones too.”
Cody frowns. “Naw, it’s not.”
Fucner smiles. “Yeah, amber comes from fossilized wood like inside the lining of the wooden ark…”
Yorkie says. “Actually, Amber comes from petrified resin inside the trunk of the tree, not like the inside lining of the ark. But it is a true gem stone worn as jewelry. I wonder why it wasn’t decorated as a tiara.”
Islander frowns. “We have been played. This is entire investigation is a ruse leading into another ruse which will lead into another ruse. Brone’s slick. What’s his real motive?”
Forget motive? When is he lighting the fires on the ark machine? I wanna know the day and time so I can hide inside my bedroom with my cell phone and my girl,” chuckles Fucner.
Skipper yawns then taps the table surface. “Call it day! Ya’ll’ve done an excellent job. And ya’ll all got a great big bonus too,” chuckles. “We’ve uncovered Brone’s weird plan. We’ll meet tomorrow and figure out how to stop him from blasting the earthling into ashes,” stands.
The others exit the room.

August 11th. Sunday.
8:03 am. 211 Clinton Avenue. conference room thirteen.
Fucner stands in the archway, grinning. “Morning, Cody, You’re up mighty early on a vacation day. You’re supposed to be at the hotel resting from your bout with Brone,” enters then garbs a cup of hot coffee from the portal buffet table. Cody came in early and ordered coffee from SUSY-Q.
Cody studies the single book in front of his chest from a stack of books. “I can’t. I hunted and haunted by Brone’s words. I can’t get them out of my head.”
Fucner lifts the top book, scanning the content. “Brone has threatened the United States of America including you, kid. Live with it. Are we going deer hunting? I see your ugly art work stolen from what US Government agency,” laughs.
Skippy enters the room with SUSY-Q carrying a tray of food. The robot wears a pink halter top and shorts with the correct measurement for her girly metal body of 36, 24, 38.
Cody says. “Brone said to me. You are not the seventh son being born on the seventh day of the seventh month. How did he know that? I was born on July seventh…”
Fucner frowns at the book. “It matched his poor language skills coupled with his low IQ. Everyone knows the stupid saying especially in the south. The seventh son of the seventh son born on the seventh hour of the seventh day of the seventh month is supernaturally handsome, smart, and gifted with something. It’s part of the Bible…”
Cody shakes his curls. “However that is not a true Bible reference. In the book of First Chronicles 2:15, ‘David was the seventh son of Jesse.’ As a young boy David defeated the mean giant Goliath then became king. He’s a very important figure in the Judaism, Islam, and Christianity cultures but he didn’t possess any healing powers or superstition powers. As a matter of fact his ring held the supernatural powers…”
“We know don’t go there now. What else are we hunting for to ease your haunting, Cody?”
Islander enters then gathers a plate of food. “There are a number of references to the numeric seven in the Bible. There’re seven heavens in the Islamic tradition. There’re seven earths in Islamic tradition. The number seven in Islamic tradition is an infinite high number. There are the seven deadly sins. There are the seven sacraments in the Roman Catholic faith. There are the seven heads of the beast in the book of Revelation…”
Fucner reads from one of the books. “In Deuteronomy 7:1, ‘there are seven nations that God squashed for His children of Israel living in paradise, peaceful and free. God cast out the many nations including the Hittite, the Amorite, the Girgashite, the Canaanite, the Perizzite, the Hivite and the Jebusite.’ Why do all ancient cultures end in the same prefix, ite? O, I see it now. O, I understand completely. This is the long version of the American word shit, without the ‘e.’ I get it now. It says easier and spells quicker without the shitty ‘e’. Get it, guys! The Hittie is shitte. Bang! It’s gone to hell. The Amorite is shitte too. Boom! It’s gone to hell too. The Canannite is shitte. Bam! It’s gone to hell also…”
Islander laughs. “We get it, Fucner.”
Fucner slaps the book replacing it then heads to the buffet table for food. “Good, I’ve earned my pay today. Can I go out and play, skipper?”
“Sit down and help Cody,” Skippy totes his food plate then sits. He eats.
Cody stares at the wall. “Brone said. You are not the seventh son being born on the seventh day of the seventh month for you and your people with drench and drown in blood for your crimes of evil. Your men and appliances of war cannot contend with my victory. Fear me, my brethren in the foggy fight, because its waves are strong. Its dangers are perilous. Its beast is terrible. Its winds are tempest. Brone’s referencing the pronoun ‘its’ as the Ark of the Convent, since he possesses ninety percent of the gem stones,” fingers the stone. “Except for the blue agate we retrieved from Swan Lake in Tanner. But there’s another natural mineral he’s lacking to complete the construction of a new ark. During Moses’ time, the inner wooden crate was made of acacia wood.”
Skippy nods and chews. “The acacia wood is also called the famed tree of life…”
“Tree of death…,” chews Fucner.
Islander shakes his skull. “There’s no such object as tree of death. I believe you’re referencing the angel of death.”
Fucner grins at Islander. “Is she pretty?”
“Pretty awesome at the foot of your death bed, when needed,” chuckles Islander then winks at Skippy.
Fucner frowns then eats. “That sucks!”
Cody exhales. “Okay, the tree of life is different from the tree of knowledge of good and evil. In Genesis 3:22, ‘Adam and Eve ate from the tree of knowledge then were cast out of the Garden of Eden…”
“They started the first Holy War with God. They should be fighting the fucking zealots, not me,” grins Fucner then eats.
Islander frowns then smiles. “Ya know that might be one of the smartest statements you’ve ever uttered, since my introduction of your sorry ass, Fucner…”
Fucner growls then grins with food particles between his teeth. “Thanks, Is.”
Cody frowns at the book. “To prevent finding the tree again God placed two angels with a flaming swords at the garden entrance says Genesis 3:24…”
Fucner nods. “I never wanna be on an archeological expedition looking for an inflamed angel, naw, not me. No way,” eats then chews his food.
Cody nods. “I found out reading that the acacia tree is a symbol of life. The tree is a vast expansion of thorny limbs where animals feed from its green soft leaves and cool under the shade hardy branches,” exhales. “I spent all last night sorting through the internet then found this specific piece of art work. The pic on the wall is an ancient art work of the Mesoamerican culture from Mexico. It was chiseled stone from about 300 BC and weighs one and a half tons. It’s housed in the Smithsonian in Washington DC. My other interest, it’s nicknamed the tree of life. What do you see?”
Fucner laughs. “Is one of them funny figures a redneck from Bama?”
Islander laughs. “Naw, no figure is toting a shotgun in his shooting hand.”
Skippy exhales. “I see a parrot, an elephant, a monkey, a snake, a fish…”
Islander exhales. “I see a sky of clouds on top of the stone. I see a body of water on the bottom of the stone.”
Fucner frowns. “A boy is sucking out something on the sap of the tree. This is the first fucking ancient freak creep show. I’m doubly impressed.”
Islander frowns. “I see an Egyptain pharaoh, an Indian prince, an African hunter, maybe…”
“What’s that thing fucking that tree? I see the devil man, an astronaut and in the damn middle of the picture is a great big colorless tree. Are we done here? Can I leave for the day and spend my money?” Fucner tosses his fork of food, nodding to leave.
Cody exhales. “I see a big tree too which is known as the tree of life. I’m trying to ID the tree.”
Islander nods. “Clearly, it’s not a palm tree. Mexico is native to palm trees along with any tropic climates for the soil. The Mesoamerican artist would have known what a palm tree is and how to draw one. Therefore he drew a tall and slightly overstory tree for a specific purpose. Could it be an oak? Oak trees grow big and tall…”
…like my dick,” laughs Fucner.
Islander eats then swallows. “Could the clouds represent heaven? The water is hell?”
Fucner nods and spits food. “Good, Is solved it then they all died. Can I go on vacation for about two weeks and spend a lot of my money. I met this beautiful chick last night at the bar downstairs in our hotel then we…”
Skippy frowns. “The tree of life would represent life. What do we do in life?”
Islander says. “I see fruit. We eat. I see clouds. We dream. I see water…”
“We piss,” Fucner stands and grins. “Be back in three point six minutes. And we should ask Brone I bet he knows.”
Cody nods and eats. “I see the same curved images of animals, objects, nature, and humans. Therefore I conclude this is a representation of every culture on Earth during 300 BC. A monkey comes from Asia. An elephant comes from Africa. A parrot is the Middle East. A parrot comes for South American. A snake…”
Skippy says. “Snakes are part of North America too. The native American Indians lived and played during 300 BC too.”
Islander nods. “I agree with Cody. This stone represents the current life forms in 300 BC. Why place it on a stone where no one will see? At half a ton weight no one will steal it either.”
Cody nods. “I believe the ancient stone to be a map of the tree of life located here on Earth. The Bible states both the tree of knowledge and the tree of life. The tree of knowledge was robbed by Adam and Eve, thus off limits for all mankind. The tree of life was used inside the Ark of the Covenant lining the wooden crate. Therefore one must exist somewhere on Earth, maybe not guarded either. I do believe Brone’s counting on that notion also.”
Fucner says. “I gots a great idea use the lighting rod emitted from the deadly chemical mixture of the more deadly second ark thingie and then let it find the damn tree. We be done and spend our monies this afternoon,” nods and eats.
Skippy orders and pulls his mobile telephone. “A new homework assignment, children, grab your cell…”
Fucner chews. “I want a monitor so I can pretend to work but sleep. I was up until two fucking…”
Islander reads his mobile telephone for information from the internet then says. “The ancient Aztec had a tree of life, the Tule tree in Mexico.”
Fucner chews. “The answer is obvious. The giant Sequoia tree in California is the biggest, tallest, and friendly tree in the world. The end.”
Skippy says. “Not right, Fucner, the country of Bahrain in the Persian Gulf has a tree of life.”
Fucner reads his mobile telephone for fun information not related to the assignment then laughs. “The US State of Utah has a tree of life made of salt.”
Cody reads his mobile telephone for information from the internet then says. “The ancient Zoroastrians had a tree of life.”
Fucner reads. “The modern Rastafarians has a tree of life,” laughs and views Skippy. “It’s a cannabis plant. Pot. Can we go and visit them this afternoon in our new fancy private jet. I vote yeah.”
Islander reads. “The country of the Philippines along with the Caribbean islands considers the coconut tree as the tree of life. The coconut tree provides food, shelter, and various implements.”
Fucner chuckles at Islander. “What are them various implements with a coconut? It’s got a hard shell. Right? Right! I haven’t thought of using coconuts…”
Islander reads. “The country of Sweden has a tree of life.”
Fucner reads and laughs. “Ya know Disney World has the tree of life. I vote we fly our fancy private jet down to Orlando for the afternoon and check out that tree of life…”
Skippy reads. “The country of Egypt has a tree of life.”
Fucner tosses his mobile telephone. “Ancient Persia, ancient Egypt, ancient China and every other fucking ancient and present country on Earth have a tree of life. How’s that humanly possible for every nation to claim the tree of life? O, wait, every fucking nation on Earth also claims to possess the Ark of the Covenant. However we’ve proven that it disintegrated into nothing then given as a gift to a scorn woman. Ya know what the Bible says about a woman scorn…,” chews and laughs.
Cody reads. “The country of Kenya has a tree of life.”
Skipper reads. “The country of Africa has a tree of life.”
Islander reads. “In North America the cedar is the tree of life. According to myth the tree is found in heaven where the first human lived, until a pregnant woman fell and landed in an endless sea. Drowning in the sea, a giant turtle saved her ass then she formed the world on the back shell of the giant turtle by planting the bark taken from the tree of life…”
“Man, that’s the biggest truck load of horse shit I’ve ever heard,” Fucner grabs his mobile telephone. “And if it be true, the woman stole the bark off the heavenly tree. I hope she’s an angel ‘cause God don’t forgot when ya break one of his commandments,” chuckles with the others.
Skippy says. “The black belt soil in Bama underneath the limestone base is littered with cedar trees. They make good Christmas trees. They’re fairly dense foliage and smell like spicy woodsy…
Fucner laughs and winks at Skippy. “Are we sharing some girly-ass feelings that we don’t wanna share with the boys, skipper?”
Skippy laughs. “Naw, I remembered my old home roots in the country. Daddy and I would chop down our Christmas tree from the woodlands surrounding the cotton fields. Daddy drove the old pickup truck down the tractor dirt path until he hit the crop line then we trucked on cowboy boots into the woods. There were coyotes, deer, foxes, squirrel, and some wolf. The best ones were located behind the thicket of the woods then stood tall and alone for the taking. We also find one near the branch and out in the sunshine like she was cold and needing the warm sun. Daddy wanded the ax wearing thick leather gloves and his riding chaps as I waited off to the side not getting smashed by the weight. As I got lean muscle daddy made me whack the tree down working my strength. We dragged and drugged that dang tree over rough terrain and thick plant brush and then into the truck. Cedar needles scratches and itches your bare skin more than other trees. The black sap sticks and stains to your skin. I smelled like spicy woodsy for days until that black dissipated from my arms where my shirt was torn and patched. Boys are rough back then and now.
Islander smiles then reads from his mobile telephone the internet information. “Thanks for your story, skipper. Cedar trees are very plentiful in the northeast United States and southeast Canada. The Great Lakes region and into Québec, Vermont, New Hampshire, Maine, Prince Edward Island, New Brunswick, and Nova Scotia, south in Massachusetts, Connecticut, Ohio, Kentucky, Tennessee, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Virginia, and West Virginia…”
Skippy reads. “The cedar possesses scale-like needles overlapping in blue-green color forming fan-shaped sprays. The bark is gray to red-brown and fibrous. On larger trees, it becomes ash-gray, shallowly grooved and twisted around the tree. The cone is round, purple and fleshy with scales. The form is 115 feet high and five feet in diameter. It’s found in water bogs with little or no shading of over story branches from other trees. The wood is used for fencing, shingles, and boats.”
Cody smiles and nods. “God picked the right wood for the ark.”
Skippy laughs. “Dang, our Christmas tree wasn’t ever hundred feet tall,” chuckles Skippy.
Fucner tosses his hands, smiling, reads his mobile telephone for the information from the internet. “The tree of life is Grandmother Cedar or ass shit on be me win…”
Islander laughs then leans over to Fucner, seeing and saying. “Anishinaabemowin, a native North American cedar which the Native American Indians protected and worshipped or shitted upon…”
“North American trees and Indians?” Cody frowns. “Moses built the ark at the foot of Mount Sinai…”
Fucner laughs and winks at the teen. “Because God can do any fucking thing he wants. Didn’t ya learn that in Sunday school class, Cody?”
Cody laughs. “Apparently not in that content...”
Islander smiles and nods.  “There’s a 39-footer cedar tree in Bullock County of Bama. They need a crane to hoist the tree in position and anchored with cables.”
Skipper says. “Alabama governor Thomas Jones toured the Virginia battlefields of the Civil War in 1893 then brought back home to Bama a live red cedar tree. The tree had been planted in the year 1860 making that tree 30 years old…”
“To young to match the stone art work,” frowns Fucner.
Cody nods and smiles. “There’s tree farm in Trafford, Alabama with red cedars. We should visit there for the ancient Grandmother Cedar.”
Fucner laughs. “There’s a set of unique tree carvings of cedar trees in Montevallo, Alabama. We should drop by and read the visual messages from Mother Nature. She’d definitely know where her oldest daughter’s located,” laughs with the others.
Skipper says. “I found a cedar gray 54 feet high…”
Cody parts his lips. “I didn’t know there were gray cedar trees too. So there’s red and gray...”
“…and yellow cedar trees,” nods Islander. “There’s yellow cedar too. A yellow cedar tree is a long-lived species which is both tall and wide. It has a broad, grooved trunk that spreads out wide at the base except all the yellow cedar trees are dying or almost dead due to some type of root rot…”
“Due to man’s rooting and tooting interference with Mother Nature,” Fucner reads his mobile telephone.
Cody reads. “Cedars are born in a wet forest particularly abundant in coniferous swamps where normal the other trees cannot live. Cedars are long-lived trees notably one of the oldest specimens growing on limestone cliffs. Deer and other wildlife feed off the flowers and cones and needles. The oldest known living specimen is over 1,100 years old.
Scientists have discovered a dead cedar specimen at 1,650 growth rings…”
Islander says. “The state of Minnesota has the tree of life too. It was found by a French explorer in the year 1731 still alive today.”
Cody smiles and nods. “That’s a very good sign. The acacia tree is still alive today as well.”
Islander leans into Fucner, smiling. “What are you reading?”
Fucner reads. “There’s an ancient forest of giant trees here in Bama. Based on some snobby geologist the forest was created 14,000 years ago during the last glacial maximum thingie and due to the sediments of a river. Get this! The story goes a hunter found the tree forest after chasing a white-tail doe then getting lost inside a patch of deep woods. Figures! The ancient forest was mostly stumps of five feet in diameter and overgrown peat bogs. First, he wrapped his arms around the stumps and couldn’t touch his middle fingers. Second, he climbed on top seeing other fallen trees, other tall trees covering the clouds and miles of red clay dirt...”
“Where?” Fucner shows Islander his mobile telephone.
Cody nods. “Trees do deteriorate over time. However if the hunter saw a 2,000 year old tree stump then this is a sign from God.”
“Bull frog crap, it’s a tract of virgin woodlands which man hasn’t trashed for toilet paper and paper for them cheap-ass mystery novels purchased on the internet.”
Skipper reads his mobile telephone. “The geologist team restructured the ancient landscape based on sediment cores and soil depths. There was a river running beside the landscape then it dried up leaving a big swamp where the drifting seedlings took root, a forest of yellow cedar trees. This is it. We’re talking about trees so old they have changed over centuries…”
“But rot down to the core with worms, acid rain, air pollution, insects, lumberjacks,” chuckles Fucner when silence invades the conference room.
Eyeball look at each other then at Skippy.
He’s reading his mobile telephone, nodding then stands and grins. “We’re going to Tensaw, Alabama located on State-road 59 north and County-road 80 west. Does the name sound familiar? It should, if’an you did your Alabama History homework in the ninth-grade like I did. Tensaw is the site of Fort Mims where 500 pioneer settlers were attacked and killed. So we go shopping for swamp gear including gator bait before we attack the jet plane for Mobile finding Grandmother Cedar…”

10:02 am. Tensaw. Alabama. hot humid. partly cloudy. 96°F.
The car stops at the invisible intersection of State-road 59 and County-road 80 without a traffic light when Islander slaps the turning signal on the two-lane highway before causing an accident. “This the spot?”
Skippy sits in the passenger seat reading the map. “Yeah, turn to your left, then we be on County-road 80…,” when Islander turns onto the road driving fifteen feet. Skippy yells. “Whoa! Stop here. Pull along the roadside on the north side, get out of the car then dress in your gear.”
Fucner sits in the back seat of the four-door sedan, frowning at his mobile telephone. He sips on the warm beverage. “We should go to the fort and ask some questions with the local staff. They live here.”
Skippy cracks the door. “Naw,” walks to the trunk.
Cody gets out then walks to the trunk. “Why here?” he pulls the gear then dresses.
Fucner stands and wears the sunglasses and a fishing green hat, scanning the landscape. The landscape is patches of wet green grass or dry brown soil where the water doesn’t sink. He slides around the truck then dress in his wading pants with booties for the wet ground.
Cody pulls on a pair of black rubber field boots keeping his feet dry from the standing water puddles from the branch water. He laughs. “This is the third mission in water. I vote our next one be on a drier surface like a beach in Hawaii…”
“I’ll take that assignment too,” Islander slides on a pair of boots like Cody then chuckles.
Skipper says and dresses in the chest waders. The plastic pants go from his feet to his chest in dull tan. He slides the captain’s cap over his gray hair, smiling. “Did everyone read the assignment on the flight about the Fort Mims massacre on August 30, 1813? Fort Mims is located about 35 miles north of Mobile. It was the Red Eagle and his Red Sticks braves against the white men and women and children and 256 armed militia plus some half-breed Indians, a total of 517 people. The lucky ones killed during the attack were not scalped. Ouch! By five o’clock, the battle done. The buildings sacked and burning. We know the story since 36 men escaped along with three women and one child. Now, why didn’t the men protect more of the womenfolk and children? Whatever! Ironically to me, the Red Stick victory was the greatest achievement by the Native Americans. Why fight now? Why win now?” He laughs and nods. “Anyways the US Government send boots in then Colonel Andrew Jackson kicked ass. The Creek Indians were defeated, ended the war then started exporting them into the Wild, Wild West for some more fun. Wrong, I know. Anyways, we’re here to seek and find Grandmother Cedar. Currently, the US Government owns Fort Mims, a National Historical place of the USA. The end.” Skippy walks towards the wet grass, smiling and nodding then fingers. “State-road 59 is north or right of me. We don’t wanna go there. Fort Mims is seven miles west of Highway 59 on this here nicely paved gray-colored roadway called Boatyard Road,” stomps his boot. “This is Boatyard Road. So the fort is west or left of me. Fort Mims was a rough log stockade under construction in the year 1813 with 500 folks, not Alabamians. Alabama wasn’t a state until the year 1818. So we don’t wanna go there. Now, listen up. History said the Creek Indians first attacked the fort of Burnt Corn Alabama is 61.48 miles northeast of Tensaw, Alabama. By car, it takes one hour and thirteen miles on county road five to state road 59. Now, in the year 1813 there ain’t no cars, only horses. Creek Indians ride Paint horses, a descendant from Quarter horses. Quarter horses are fast and run almost 50 miles-per-hour at a dead gallop. I know my horses. Now, if the Creek Indians rode from sixty miles on horses at full gallop it would take a little over one hour. Do ya agree with me?”
Fucner frowns. “Yeah! What’ya doing, skipper?”
“My history correction,” chuckles. “Now I have researched the reasons for the attack at Fort Mims. Scholars have concluded that the war did not threaten the white settlements. As a matter of fact the settlers started the dang argument leading up to the Creek War. The Indians lost of course like always since the white men is greedy and mean like always. I’m one-fourth Indian blood. That answer your fucking smirk, Fucner. Good! The history books stated that Creek Indians attacked the train depot at Burnt Corn Creek, Alabama. I can’t find a Burn Corn Creek, Alabama, but the good folks of the small town of Burnt Corn, Alabama claims the fame. Whatever! I found of interest there were numerous forts with white settlers around here. There was Fort Mims, of course. Fort Pierce was two miles south-east of Fort Mims. Fort Glass was across the Alabama River where I am pointing my finger on my right towards the river. There was Fort Madison on the easterly side of the Alabama River which is south of Fort Mims. Fort Madison was a nice fort with a nice neighbor of stock houses, a mill, and a cotton gin. So my question, why did the white settler built another fort right here in the middle of nowhere? You can’t answer that but I can. History books said that a rough and mean band of militia attacked first on the Creek Indians probably wanting something as usual. However this time the Creek Indians fought back. During this rough period of Alabama history the Indians would gladly hand over plots of land as the white settlers carried shotguns and ruined the land chopping down the trees for houses then smoking up the skies with burning wood for heat. But this time the Creek Indians fought back and won. Why? Why is that important?”
Islander reads the paper. “It says here, the Indians drew blood on the white settlers first.”
Cody says. “The forts were erected for the protection of the settlers against the Creek Indians.”
Skipper frowns. “Why? It be their land, not the white man. The Burn Corn Creek Battle is both vague and sketchy. Take the passage. The topography runs southwest for several hundred yards then bends, running southeast for half a mile or more. At the elbow of the bend, a low patch of pine trees surrounds a semi-circular range of hills which extends to the creek bank on the south side. As I read through the description there wasn’t a paved road in 1813. There wasn’t a dirt road in 1813. And there wasn’t even a horse path in 1813. So how did the Indians on horses attack Burn Corn Creek then arrive in plenty of free time to massacre 500 folks, without one dang warning? I can’t answer it either.”
Islander frowns. “Are you questioning that the Indian attack didn’t take place like it was faked by the white settlers?”
Skipper nods. “Naw, I believe the massacre took place. I just believe for a different reason than some wet soggy ground. Look around you. The grass is wet and soggy being really close to the river bank. But I have another clue. The Tensaw settlers also gossiped about the war dances of the Creek Indians somewhere beyond the fort in the direction of north,” view the north direction and nods. He taps the map. “I picked this map at the hotel yesterday. I see State road 59 goes north to south where we traveled yesterday too. County road 80 or Boatyard Road only goes west from State road 59 where Fort Mims is located. Here’s a new road named Burnt Car Road which travels directly north paralleling State Road 59. my theory, the Creek Indians attacked Fort Mims coming from the geographical area of Burnt Car Road because they were protecting something. The settlers all died in the massacre except for some children. The history books had to tell something so they confused Burnt Car Road with Burnt Corn Creek with a separate Creek Indian attack.
Fucner scans the woodlands. “So, what’s between Boatyard Road and Burnt Car Road?”
“Grandmother Cedar,” smiles and nods Cody.
“Let’s go and find Grandmother Cedar, boys,” smiles Skippy.
Cody leads walking with Skippy over the dry soil then wet puddles. “He said the world would be a dark place where evil would reign, however the pure in heart would look for His return, a saying among the Native Americans. This here isolated spot’s an example of that saying. The Native Indians believe Him and were protecting Grandmother Cedar since she couldn’t protect herself. Golly! Ya know the church teaches about the virgin birth, the crucifixion, the resurrection, not reincarnation. The Templars Knights taught mysticism, reincarnation and good works to each other to suppress the dark powers of Satan. Where would the knights get a notion of reincarnation? They got it from the church back then. Now days, the church doesn’t hint about anything about reincarnation. However it was the big four the virgin birth, the crucifixion, the resurrection, and the reincarnation for serving God. The first Council of Nicaea in AD325 AD by Emperor Constantine of Rome ratified the Holy Roman Law then officially canned the notion of reincarnation…”

Dry soil and wet puddles.
Cody pulls his mobile telephone anchoring the shotgun around his shoulder. He reads out loud, laughing. “What color is your snot yellow, green, red, brown, black, or clear?”
Islander frowns and walks through another water puddle. “Not now, Cody.
“Not here, Cody,” frowns Fucner stopping and figuring out how to go around the water puddle.
Cody stomps in a water puddle, laughing. “Lookie, we got nothing but hiking to do. This’ll kill the wasted time…”
“Or I will kill you, kid,” sours Fucner.
Skipper says. “We’re peeling back our eyelids for Grandmother Cedar…”
“She’s big and tall and gray being thousands of years old. Ya can’t miss her. Mine’s clear. That means, the mucus in my nose is healthy. If I get an infection my body sends in the white blood cells with an enzyme that turns my snot into yellow or green colored. Black boogers are dirt particles up inside your nostrils like a little kid. Red or brown colored snot is broken blood vessels, so call your doctor. Snot is formed from dirt and mucus. Fucner breathes in dirt, pollen and other yucky stuff when the slimy stuff called mucus traps it inside your nose holes. That’s why ya got boogers, Fucner. The tiny hairs inside your nostrils shift the snotty goo to the front of your nose or the back of your throat. Snot’s a mixture of mucus, dirt, pollen, and other stuff,” laughs. “What in the hell is other stuff sniffing up into your nose holes?”
Fucner grins. “Tobacco, or beer, or vaginal discharge…”
“Fucner has some real life time experience with the other stuff mixed with his nasty snot,” laughs Islander slapping Fucner on the collar bone then laughs with the others.
Cody laughs. “Your nose is a snot machine making four cups of mucus per day. Yuck-o! And you swallow most of it. Double yuck-o! The snot and spit mixes then goes down your throat, silently. When the snot is too thick and builds up inside your throat then runs down your esophagus, called post-nasal drip. Snot is inside your stomach, intestines, mouth and lungs. The other snot comes from the tissues lining your body keeping things moist and protected,” laughs. “This is cool! Thick plug of snot forms at the opening of a female’s cervix then seals off her uterus, where the fetus grows. When she delivers, the cervix opens up then the snot plug drops out her…”
“Find anything topic now, Cody,” orders Skipper.
Cody laughs, thumb-typing his mobile telephone. He walks through the dirt soil then the water puddles splashing his new fishing pants with water and sands. “What color’s your piss pink, red, yellow, clear, golden or neon colors?”
Fucner laughs when Islander moans. “Are we there yet, Daddy?”
Cody grins. “I checked. I clear with light yellow. I’m normal.”
“I truly wonder,” chuckles Fucner.
Cody says. “If your pee is light yellow or almost clear, you’re drinking enough water. Dark golden colored piss is an indication that you need to suck on more beer…”
Fucner laughs. “Beer makes ya piss more…”
Islander frowns. “Do not encourage him, Fucner.”
Fucner says. “Both caffeine and beer are diuretics that stimulate your piss into happening more often during the night…”
Skipper says. “You should replace some bottles of beer with water then ya don’t go…,” chuckles with the others.
Cody nods and grins. “Some vitamins and medicines can turn your piss into neon rainbow colors. One time I ate the red frosting off my Grandma’s birthday cake later that night my shit was bright red,” chuckles. “Pink or cloudy piss is a sign of infection, kidney disease, bladder cancer, or internal injury. Most folks piss between six and eight times per day. How many times do you piss, Fucner?”
“A lot,” grins Fucner.
Cody laughs. “Piss is germ free inside your body. Outside your body, it’s nasty bacteria. So don’t drink your piss or pee on a jellyfish. Both vile actions can give ya a STD infection,” chuckles. “If a jellyfish stings ya pour seawater over it or use vinegar…,” laughs with the others.
Fucner laughs. “The sound of running water makes me piss, is that normal?”
Cody laughs. “Let’s see if Fucner is normal?”
“Naw,” grins Islander.
Cody reads his mobile telephone, grinning. “O no, Fucner ya gots something really bad. It says right here on my cell phone, suddenly running out of the room to piss is a sing of thyroid problems, diabetes, multiple sclerosis, Parkinson’s disease, or an unknown explanation…”
Islander chuckles. “I can hold my piss for six hours or more…”
“Bullshit, when ya gotta piss, ya gotta piss,” stop. “Like now,”
“Do not encourage him, Islander.” Skipper frowns walking away from stationary Fucner into more ankle-deep puddles of water.
Cody reads. “Holding your piss develops bladder infections and urinary tract infections for both mean and females. Don’t hold your piss, Islander! Follow Fucner’s lead.”
Fucner joins the row. “Men don’t get UTIs, so’s your information is full of shit like you, Cody. But when you sneeze, cough or laugh plus piss you’re overweight,” laughs.
“Pick another topic, Cody?” Skippy says.
Cody laughs and reads his mobile telephone. “What color is your shit?”
They wade through the ankle-deep water traveling up the sloped hill fighting the low thick branches of the trees then stop. The landscape is tan sand devoid of water and dirt.
Cody drops his mouth and narrows his eyelids. “Grandmother Cedar…”
Skipper nods and smiles. “That went fast.”
Fucner exhales, “Not fast enough for the day and me...”
Islander whispers. “An older cedar tree will possess gray bark with twisted branches…”
Fucner stomps down the hill, exhaling. “Gives new meaning to the words, twisted sister,” chuckles.
Skipper walks behind Fucner. “We found it. Now, what?”
Islander nods studying the tall tree. “We need to call for help here. The tree is over 200 feet tall with rotten branches and trunk spots for getting it cut down before Brone does it.”
Cody spins around to Islander, dropping his mouth. “We can’t kill the tree. It’s a living entity in God’s forest.”
“The dumpty stumpy forest of dead trees, Cody. This place is slowly dying into the river water. We’re here for a mission, a specific mission to save earthlings. Earthlings don’t give a shit about a tree,” stops at the edge of the soil then laughs. “Lookie, an ancient wagon wheel of stones, where’re the Troy horse, ya’ll?”
Cody slowly walks around the tree studying the circle of stones. “A sign of some type of religious, hallowed, spiritual significance, a medical wheel,” pulls his mobile telephone looking up information on the internet.
Islander stands beside Fucner, nodding and studying the stones. “A wheel represents no beginning or no ending.”
“Yeah, like being stuck in the circle for shitty life,” Fucner walks around the tree, studying the stones too. “A death ring, an ending cycle of my life…”
Skipper walks around the tree studying the stones. “The stones are laid on along the soil in a certain pattern,” pulls his mobile telephone, accessing the internet information too.
Cody views the sky. “And the high range of mountains blocks the sun with the tiniest fraction of light. They picked a good spot for an epic event to occur here for some reason.”
Skipper walks around the tree, reading his mobile telephone with the information. “The circle holds a 75 feet diameter with 24 spokes. This is a Native American site. I found one like it on the internet. The wheel pattern is about 7,000 years ago. A medicine wheel is used to mark the astronomical events of the sun, the moon, some stars, and some planets in relation to Earth’s horizon at a given location for celebrating important ceremonies, teachings to give thanks to the Creator. However…”
Fucner shakes his skull, viewing his mobile telephone, walks around the tree. “Naw, no time for howards or howevers just solve the damn puzzle…or the ring…or the wheel from 10,000 BC, the age of man, where Brother Jesus walked and talked with Moses, ya’ll. Let’s end this Hollywood horror picture film. Amen,” nods and grins.
“Each medicine wheel has unique characterizes even dead and live famous archaeologists can’t solve out the function the ring.” Islander walks around the tree, reading his mobile telephone with the information from the internet.
Cody stands in front of the tree viewing from the roots to the tallest tree branch, exhaling. “Okay, we use the landscape for answers when logic don’t work, ya’ll,” nods. He closes his eyelids. “I stand here then slowly rotate my body around like the tree. The sun light is obscured by the ridge of tall green pine trees lining the north, the east, and the south landscape of the big cold feeling mountains.
No gorges or water or rivers.
No platforms of flowers or 
Islander reads his mobile telephone for more information. If we were the Mayans they used the wheel for marking astronomy signs.
Fucner frowns. “So do we wait upon nightfall then follow the alignment of the stars or an eclipse or a comet or a meteor or a rainbow or a solar flare or a …
Skipper nods. “These named predictable events could have been used by a medical wheel by the ancient medical man from an ancient culture. For example, I found this story on the internet. A solar eclipse predicated by Herodotus enabled them to date a battle between the Medes and the Lydians following the solar eclipse on May 28, 585 BC. Ancient astronomers also calculated positions and magnitude based on supernovas in the sky. Could be getting a supernova to hit here?”
“God, please no, not here today. Do it tomorrow so I can hide under my bed.” Fucner scans the blue sky with a frown.
Skippy reads from the mobile telephone. “The historical records said that the conquistadores collected a rich source of information about medical wheels.”
Fucner frowns at his foolish co-worker. Okay, I fetch a telescope or a conquistador. That’s Spanish solider. Right!
Cody twirls around. “The land is barren no trees. The sky is clear, no clouds.”
Fucner chuckles. “I feel like I’m standing in the picture of a foreign country like Egypt. See, I got the pic on my cell phone…”
“The outer single ring of the stones plus the long spokes form a round circle like a Roman time clock. 24 divided by 12, a perfect rotation of the sun,” Cody opens his eyelids.
Islander nods. “We use archaeoastronomy. This is a study of symbols of culture related to the past understood phenomena in the sky and the role the sky played in their culture. I agree the wheel can be pointed to a sunrise or sunset or a certain time of the day or evening. Okay, the wheel is used to mark the longest day in the year like the two solstices, the two equinoxes and the four cross-quarter days.
Fucner frowns at Islander. “Gawd damn, use some American words or at least chop it up with some southern slang. What the hell are ya rambling about, Is?”
“All those have passed.” Cody unfolds the paper of the art work stone. “Let’s overlay the rounded stone pattern with an invisible design of an analogy clock with the twelve whole numbers like a wrist watch. I’m going to set a pile of green leaves as the clock hands. Does everyone follow me? Good. There’re three distinct points where man touches the tree of life the hand of the boy; the foot of the elephant; and the beak of the parrot in the stone work. This represents the tree of life from the Mesoamerican unknown artist who chiseled out the map a long, long fucking time ago. Okay, the position is the parrot’s beak is set at about two o’clock. I’m going to use whole number for simplicity. The elephant’s foot is pointing at about five. The man’s hand is at about eight o’clock. So the limbs of the human and animals emanate hands like a clock on the stone dial,” back steps. “Back step and tell me what ya see now?
Fucner back steps frowning at his empty water bottle. “What does it mean to me? Damn nothing!”
Cody holds hands in the air representing the indentified clock numbers. “Okay, when I study the messy but accurate and sorta elevated green pile of leaves at each clock position then impose that invisible image upon the wide body trunk of Grandmother Cedar I see. Wow, the clock hand of two is directly across from the clock hand of eight. The clock hand of five is directly across from the clock hand of eleven,” views the paper. “But a position of eleven is not marked on the stone tablet…,” when Islander jerks the strap of the rifle from the collar bone of Cody then jumps in front of Skippy, Cody, and Fucner.
Cody growls. “You’re dead, Is.”
Fucner sneers. “I kills ya first pointing a damn weapon at my handsome face…”
Islander aims the rifle at Cody in the center, twitching his skull behind him. “See the red drips from the eleven o’clock position like a wrist watch. That red liquid draining from the cracked tree bark is thujone, a neurotoxin. Kill ya swifter than a copperhead snake bite...”
Fucner narrows his eyelids, holding his arms, sneers. “He lies.”
Skipper studies the sap. “Specific, Is? I clearly see the dripping red colored sap from the tree bark.”
Islander darts his eyelids to the woodlands then back to Cody holding the gun. “Don’t you notice it? Don’t you hear it? We trucked three miles listening to Cody’s unpleasant lecture of piss and didn’t spot a single deer or buck for Fucner’s trophy room. I personally haven’t heard a jay bird, a mocking bird or a hammerhead’s sweet musical melody since we left the car by the roadside of Boatyard Road,” when Skipper scans the woodlands then the mountains. Islander holds the gun, saying. “I personally haven’t seen any snake or a flying bird or even webbed lazy banana spider between the brush in the Bama woodlands that be…cause, ya’ll the thujone odor drifts for miles and miles along dry soil then into the ocean. Animals are God-gifted with a sense of innate instincts for survival in the dangerous wilderness. They can smell that odor that we dumbass humans can’t. So they’ve gone up into the high mountains waiting for a good thunderstorm to wash the dirty remnants down into the valley and out of the feeding grounds like good little critters. God protects children, animals and fools. Gentlemen, I’ve just saved your sweet asses from death.”
Cody drops his arms, galloping to Islander then hugs him. “Thanks, bro!” He back steps, smiling and nodding. “I appreciate living another day.
Skipper slaps the collar bone of Islander. “Good eyeballs and smart neurons.
Fucner nods to Islander then studies the gray tree. “The never-ending cycle of life, you step into the circle gets you closer to God on a very personal level. The odor or the touch kills ya, Is?”
Islander drops the rifle barrel down to the ground then hands the weapon back to Cody. He walks and stands beside Fucner. “The touch is quicker as the sap molecules absorb neatly into the outer skin epidermis then straight towards the heart giving ya a really final heart attack. The heart attack shuts off all blood flowing around your body then kills the brain and then finally the brain shuts down the lungs with air, ya dead…”
“How’da ya know, Is?” Skipper stands next to Fucner, studying the tree.
Islander laughs. “Looked it up when Cody was annoying the shit of Fucner. The natural toxin is very rare. Sap is used in modern medicine from AIDS to vitamin C pills. Sap comes from all trees except Grandmother Cedar is both old and tired of living. Her bite is worse than her bark,” laughs with the others. “Her timber is life saving for His children. The sap is life taking for His enemies,” exhales and views the top of the tree. “The science article said cedars grew a little over hundred feet, not twice that height. Her sap is like a wicked bottle of Scot that ages over time. She’s centuries old making her sap highly toxic, not medicinal. That’s why she’s out here alone and very well disguised within a valley of mountains and surrounded by a round of water. No hunter would ever accidentally stumble across her weathered trunk tree. My guess is that tribe with the wise old Native American medical man placed an array of very large limestone boulders around Grandmother Cedar. But centuries and centuries of time and wind, sun, rain, and hail the large boulders have eroded away to these little tiny chunks of small rocks no bigger than your fist. I noticed the irregular shapes of the rocks, first,” nods.
Fucner nods, back stepping, frowns at the tree. “Wow, I super fuckingly scared and shitted my clean underwear now. Let’s go home. Brone can’t touch this thing now.”
Cody frowns. “What about the thujone, the sap toxin leaking from her tree trunk?”
Skippy sneers. “Let Brone find out the death way, if he chops down the tree the sap’ll stick to his hands, fingers, cheekbones, and any other exposed naked body parts like a flock of ticks. However he’ll provide his zealot army with expensive hazard suits protecting none of them bastards,” laughs with the others. “Well, boys we’re the first to arrive again. Victory to us rednecks!”
Islander frowns at the tree. “I’m not a horticulturist but she ain’t going to make it. Once a good T-storm with the infamous Alabama tornado winds, golf-sized hail, and quarter-sized raindrops plus some lightning bolts pound that old girl, well she’ll become a batch of fallen logs dissolving slowly into bits of sawdust for the bird nests, spider webs, snake holes, and bug like God really intended.”
“Good bye, Grandmother Cedar. Our mission’s done. Let’s go and spend my money,” smiles and claps Fucner.
Cody frowns at the tree. “He’s got the other gems stones without the agate. Agate is very common here in Alabama. He got the blue prints and the brains. He can construct a second Ark of the Covenant then eventually produce heat and electrocute human bodies.”
Fucner frowns. “Right, Cody, they’re zealots of God. They’ll die for God. The fucking zealots are some crazy motherfuckers. Gawd, I’d cut kill ‘em with my twelve gauge shotgun right between the eyeballs then deep fried ‘em brown like barbeque potato chip, crunchy and crisp…”
Islander laughs. “Geez, I’ll never eat another barbeque potato chip again in my entire life Fucner. Thanks for that wonderful Bama analogy.”
Skipper nods. “Thanks to Cody and the miracle of ancient science, we have learned. The ark can be electrified with light using limestone, zinc, and earth gems like in Moses’ day. One touch by a human index finger holding personal sweat containing salt and water can immediately activate the energy field. A person within 200 yards, the length of a football field can become burned on impact from a circular wave and die then ascend into heaven or hell, depending a your good or bad soul. Instantaneously death killing by a square box, not today, maybe tomorrow, if Brone finds another tree of life.”
Cody smiles then drops to his knees, holding his hands in prayer. He closes his eyelids. “Everyone kneel. We’re going to pray for Grandmother Cedar to terminate her own life form then Brone can’t find her ever. He can’t do all the terrible things to the world.”
Fucner shakes his cap, frowning with annoyance. “Ah, naw!” Islander shoves Fucner fingering the soil, growls in his face. Fucner frowns then drops to his knees. 
Cody says. “Dear Grandmother Cedar, you have served your duty with strength and wisdom. Please release your nature spirit from the soil on Earth and return to your origins of heaven. Amen,” when the tree top branches explode then fall backwards towards the soil.
“Damn, it worked,” Fucner drops his mouth watching the falling tree then stands. He back pedals form the falling tree branches.
“Incoming,” Skipper stands then slides over Cody slapping both of them to the ground. The helicopter fires a round of heated bullets at Grandmother Cedar as the twisted tree limbs break off then plummet onto the soil. Her trunk cracks and splinters from the intense heated metal on her old frail and brittle bark then tumbles backwards from the fallen bodies of Cody and Skipper. Then helicopter flies south towards the city of Mobile along the Gulf of Mexico with faint shouts in the air.
Islander frowns and fingers the busted tree trunk. “Grandmother’s completely hollow inside her guts. There’s only dead tissue of gray bark on the outside. How’s this possible?”
Fucner squats then digs into the dry soil. He opens up a small vertical fission along the soil leading towards the north. He stands clapping the soil from his hands. “Brone sucked her guts out using present-day technology machines. He ran a pipe from the north end under the dry soil then tapped into her fragile root system, probably been here for weeks before us. Her inners were only leaking the residue of leftover sap from the fucking. Now, Brone has a piece of acacia to complete his ark of a bad threat,” exhales, shaking his fishing hat.
“Ah, naw!” Cody sits and holds his head between both hands.

2:18 pm. 211 Clinton Avenue. conference room thirteen.
Fucner frowns in the archway, fingering the entrance doors of the building, desires to go back to his hotel room with his awaiting girl.
Islander pats the paper folder, standing at the table, frowns with sadness. “I sorry. I missed this the first time…”
Fucner stands, shaking his entire body. “Wait, every time Is misses something I get shot…”
“Bullshit, Brone was shooting at Cody, not you. You were covering the copter floor with green vomit and soiling your white boxers with brown shit. Sit down, Fucner.” Islander smiles at Skippy. “Ya know this shit requires very close visual inspection of all the rows of data. SUSY-Q is smart but she can’t distinguish a significant bullshit finding from a regular bullshit finding. Amber was a millionaire. Her estate has been donated to Antebellum House, a private boarding school for billionaire kids.”
Skippy frowns. “Maybe she hoped to send her own biological child there one day.”
“About eighteen months ago at Antebellum House, the entire student body was murdered along with their biological parents. There’s a row of tiny cottages which are the formal homes of the paid staff members at Antebellum House. Inside one of the burnt down cottages it was discovered a mess of massive teeth and bones. When the FBI finished their search they concluded that twenty-four families with a mama, a daddy, and one child were rounded up and killed in cold-blooded and then burned inside one single cottage. The row of cottages were set fire and destroyed making the site like a forest fire, since it was in hot and sizzling October without any rainfall. It would’ve passed completely unnoticed if one of the staff members wasn’t searching for her misplaced diamond earrings….”
“Diamonds don’t burn in hot flames.” Fucner frowns.
Islander nods. “Right! This is really weird-ass stuff too. The original Antebellum House staff was given paid leave for an extended vacation when a substitute staff from Burn U took their work spot. The substitute staff has not been found or paid either. The payroll checks at the Burn U administration office are waiting on the accountant’s desk. Burn U started the investigation when the Antebellum House supervisor didn’t show up to collect payroll checks then called the local police and then called the FBI. This is really also weird-ass. The Last Will and Testimony legal documents bequest all the bank account monies, the estate properties, and the remaining assets to Antebellum House. The house’s worth billions of dollars. A man named Brone White was the lawyer for the billionaire families.”
“Brone Angel. Brone White. Angels have white robes and wings…,” says Cody.
“Demons possess both robes and wings too,” Skipper nods.
“The American way of life getting a fake name and committing murder…,” says Islander.
“The American illegal alien way of life getting a fake name and committing murder of thousands of American, too fucking ass true,” says Fucner.
Islander clears his throat. “The gem stones, Brone, Antebellum House, the Starlit Pageant all are only a ruse employed to cover up the real crime, cold-blooded murders of a group of young billionaires and their billionaire parents for some damn reason that no one can theorize or terrorize…”
Skippy nods. “So we’re all going to investigate Antebellum House.”
Fucner frowns. “You just say that it’s a high school environment,” when eyeballs look at Cody.
Cody drops his mouth then shakes his hands and curls. “Hell, naw! Ah, naw. No. Nope. Nada, no way, not happening, ya’ll. I’m not going back into high school. I got a master’s degree….”
Skippy smiles. “Each one of us is working and living at Antebellum House for our next assignment straight from the White House. I’m Professor Skippy, teacher of English class. Yorkie is a maid in the kitchen. Islander is a chaffer. Fucner is a guard on foot. Cody is the student.”
Fucner frowns. “I wanna be the chaffer…”
Skippy smiles at Fucner. “Ya don’t have a chaffer’s license to drive a limo. Islander does along with his other licenses of pilot and gun for a Bama redneck. Islander will be tarrying all the folks to and from Antebellum House getting the best chance of capturing our target locked between the limo doors. Fucner will have the best chance of scouting for Brone and his cronies surveying the outer corn fields of the campus. Yorkie will be inside the kitchen hearing all the gossip of each young student teen hoping to catch the sur-name of Brone’s kid. And I’ll be a teacher learning the names of the students. We do not know the kid’s name. It could be Angel or White or Pink. Don’t matter! We’ll be there with him. Islander will be tapping into the school’s computers when not driving asses around the roads. And Cody, he’ll be greeting and meeting each male teen for additional surveillance and identification of our target. The most important rule, we do not know each other. We do not meet for coffee at breakfast. We do not live in the same cottage. We do not eat lunch or supper together. The only time we meet is when we have cornered Brone’s son then we drop his ass into the limo and fly away from Antebellum House with our prize. The school administration does not know about us and our secret mission. The White House resources have painstakingly plotted this plot using numerous avenues to set up each one of us under good hidden cover, without hinting at our presence. So we do not break code. We invade Antebellum House separately then leave together with the kid.”
Cody crosses his arms, shaking his curls. “Naw, I ain’t doing it. I quit…”
Islander walks then wraps his arm around the tall teen, keeping him from escape. He whispers into Cody’s face. “Cody, we need ya.”
Skipper nods and smiles. “You’re not eighteen years of age yet as displayed on your sent paper file to Antebellum House, young sir. So Cody, go and get packed for your enrollment into high school. Brone has a son. He’s attending a private prep school called Antebellum House next week when school starts with you. We kidnap him and demand the gem stones in exchange for his biological child. Then Brone gets the chance to start all over again finding more gem stones, after he gets out of prison in the year 2080, if he lives that long,” fist-bumps with Fucner, chuckling.
Fucner smacks Cody on the chest, chuckling. “Cody’s going back to high school.”
“Ah, naw!” Cody frowns with annoyance.



Mission: Starlit…next novel of the Starlit series.
