The Rainbow Maker Project

by Katherine Gae T. Yamar

Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2014 Katherine Gae T. Yamar

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

Thank you for downloading this free ebook.  Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes.  If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author.  Thank you for your support.



*****



To Daddy, Mommy, Chinky and Karole and to all those who believe that everything is possible.




TABLE OF CONTENTS
PART 1 - THURSDAY
Chapter 1 - Panatang Makabayan
Chapter 2 - Making a Difference with Science
Chapter 3 - The Unbearable Heat
Chapter 4 - The Girl Who Crashed from the Rainbow
Chapter 5 - The Unexpected Project(s)
Chapter 6 - The Poetic Errol
PART 2 - FRIDAY
Chapter 7 - The Proposed Project
Chapter 8 - The Perfect Plan
PART 3 - SATURDAY
Chapter 9 - Number 6 in Yellow
Chapter 10 - The Flight of the Mechanical Bird
PART 4 - SUNDAY
Chapter 11 - Save the World… Now?
PART 5 - MONDAY
Chapter 12 - The Rainbow Maker Project
Chapter 13 - The Verdict
Chapter 14 - More Lies
Chapter 15 - The God of Drought
Chapter 16 - The Rain of Soft Natural Things
Chapter 17 - The True Victors
Chapter 18 - The Colors Remain
Acknowledgment
Reading Discussion
Dictionary
About the Author
Other Works by the Author



Part 1 - Thursday
Chapter 1 - Panatang Makabayan

The smell of newly cooked breakfast reached his room upstairs.  He was on the process of the last strokes of combing his jet black hair.  He glanced at the digital clock on top of his bedside table.  It read 6:35 AM.
“Errol, breakfast is ready,” called out a female voice coming from downstairs.  
Without a word, he grabbed his backpack and headed out of his room.
The soft blue painted wall was confined in his small room for he was welcomed with off-white interior which was the color of the entire house inside and out.  He descended the narrow staircase and landed on the living room where he tossed his backpack on the pale brown couch.  He walked straight to the dining room where the inviting smell of morning meal came from.  On the table were plates of scrambled eggs, hotdogs, and garlic rice.  
“Where’s Mommy?” he asked his older sister, Stella, who was sitting right across him.
“Pluto,” she laconically replied in her usual monotonous voice, and took a big bite of hotdog while looking straight at him with those lazy eyes.
 “Tss!” Errol breathed, exasperated.  “I’m asking you a rhetorical question,” he said, raising his voice.
“Rheto-what?  Wait!  I have to get my dictionary.”  And she took another bite of her food.  Stella did not seem to be too affected like she got herself used to Errol’s vents.  
Errol gave out a big scream as he pulled his own hair, extremely aggravated.  He took his fork and he wanted so badly to throw it to his sister.  Instead, he raked a scrambled egg to his plate, spilling some excess cooking oil on the table.  A skinny young woman came from the kitchen holding a pitcher of orange juice.  
“Errol, did you tidy up your bed?” asked the young woman with an annoying high pitched voice as she poured some juice in his glass.
“Yes,” he replied.
“Liar.”
Errol turned quickly to Stella with mad wide eyes.  
“Did you switch off the airconditioner?” the young woman continued her interrogation.
“Yes.”
“Liar,” Stella repeated with the same lack of emotions, absentmindedly staring at the horizon beyond.
Errol pursed his lips at her.
“Did you close the door?”
“Yes,” he replied, his irritation was obvious in his tone.
“Liar.”
“She’s not asking you for crying out loud,” Errol shouted at Stella while the latter remained calm, drinking her glass of water.
“But you lied for crying out loud,” interfered the young woman, planting her knuckles on her waist.
Errol took a deep breath.
“So what if I lied?  Besides it’s not my job to do all those things.  That’s why Mommy hired you to do all the work.”
The young woman gasped.  Her bulging eyes widened at Errol in disbelief.  As a matter of fact, everything on her face bulged: her nostrils and her mouth which looked bigger because of her protruding teeth.
“What is going on?  I can hear your loud voices from the bathroom.” It was Errol and Stella’s mother.  She took a seat for breakfast, and one could tell that she was annoyed by the noise that greeted her early in the morning.  A vertical line formed in between her eyebrows.  
“Ate, Errol forgot to tidy his bed, switch off the airconditioner, and close his door,” the young woman timidly answered which seemed to be theatrical to Errol.  “But don’t worry, Ate, I’ll do all those things now.” The young woman’s mood shifted to a merry worker.  She left the pitcher on the table and left the dining room for Errol’s room.  He rolled his slit eyes.  
“Errol, I hired your Ate Bing to do a lot of work here but it doesn’t necessarily mean that she has to do everything,” said his mother, her voice now calm.  “When I and your uncles were little, we had to do everything from cleaning our room and even the toilet, buying things we need from the wet market, cooking our meals, washing the dishes and even our clothes, cooking rice without using a rice cooker.  But you are lucky that you have everything now and we can afford someone to help us with the chores.  However, simple things like switching off the airconditioner and tidying your bed are your responsibilities as a responsible child.”
“I wish Auntie Nena were still here,” Errol mumbled.
“Your Auntie Nena,” his mother continued, “is too old to work around here.  That is why she sent her niece as her replacement.  So let’s just help Bing so she can stay with us for I hope more than a decade like Auntie Nena.  Is that a deal?”
Errol nodded his head quietly, his eyes down on his plate.
“That goes to you too, Stella,” said their mother.
The older offspring neither nodded nor raised an eyebrow but the mother of two knew her children well and she knew that her daughter with a dry personality was listening.
“By the way, kids, aren’t you excited that in two months, your father is coming home from Kuwait?”
“Yey!” Stella exclaimed less the lively tone. 
“Ate, are you really going to Bohol this summer?” Bing suddenly appeared out of the blue.
“Oh yes we are.  I’m excited to see the Chocolate Hills and the adorable tarsiers,” said the mother of the house.  “Which reminds me.  Stella, let’s go to the mall and check the packaged tour from the travel agency we inquired at last week.”
“I can’t.  Our football team has a practice today.  We have to beat our nemesis this Saturday.”
“Oh yeah, I almost forgot about it.  I hope we can visit the travel agency after the game.”
Errol was not interested anymore with the topic.  He finished his breakfast quickly, forgetting to grind his garlic rice and egg.  He concluded his breakfast with two big gulps of juice and sprang from his seat.  His mother was surprised with his swift actions.
“You still have ten minutes to go to school.”
“Yes,” Errol said without looking at his mother as he rushed to the toilet to brush his teeth.  
He dashed through the dining room and kitchen towards their backyard.  He slowed down to a corner and sat on the dried grass.  A small cross made of twigs stood sturdily like its trunk was pinned into the slightly parched ground.
“How are you doing there, boy?” He said, dusting off fallen leaves of the Indian tree that stood nearby.  “I have a Math quiz later and I’m sure I’ll get a perfect score again just like the old times.”  His smile faded slowly.  “Yeah.  Just like old times…” he said, his voice trailing off.  His body jerked from the state of melancholy as he shook his head and gave out a big smile on the ground beneath the cross.  “Anyway, I know you’re in a happy place right now, Buchog.  And that’s what matters now, right?”  He sat there silently, reflecting those old times with a dear friend.  He glanced at his watch and stood up as he dusted the dirt off his pants.  “See you later, Buchog.”
He walked through the house without giving a glance at Stella and Bing.  He grabbed his bag from the couch and headed for the door.
“Bye, Errol,” his mother said as he pulled his arm and gave him a peck on his right cheek.  
Errol did not reply.  He even shrugged his right shoulder, irritated, and thought he was not a little boy anymore.  Only little boys get a goodbye kiss from their mothers, he thought.  He walked his bicycle out of the gate.
“Hey!” Stella called out from the door after she planted a kiss on her mother’s cheek.  “Call a tricycle for me.”
Errol pretended he didn’t hear anything.  He mounted on his bicycle and pedaled towards school which was only two blocks away.  He parked his bicycle in the waiting area of parents and guardians.  
“You’re early, Errol,” said a mother who happened to know his mother.  
He did not say a word.  His nod sufficed as a greeting.  He entered the first classroom close to the stairs of the two -storey building.  He parked his bag on a seat on the first row.  He did not mind his classmates at all.  In fact, he ignored them whenever they greeted him.  He thought he could survive without them but that didn’t mean he was anti-social.  He actually mingled with his classmates sometimes especially with the boys; however, he detached himself from the rest of the class, thinking that the only best friend he had was Buchog.
The morning bell rang.  Just like in any public school in the Philippines, pupils are required to attend the flag ceremony.  Errol and the rest of Grade 5-SSC (Special Science Class) pupils formed a line in front of the school building.  The student body faced the flag pole which was opposite the building.
“Arms forward.”
The boys in Errol’s class looked at their teacher as they smiled and sighed.
“Good morning, Miss,” they greeted in unison.  
Miss Winona Latorena gave them a meager smile.  She was the adviser of Grade 5-SSC and she taught Science.  She was the youngest teacher in school and she had been teaching for almost four years now.  Unlike most of the female teachers who possessed a wrinkled face and pear-shaped body because of age and status as a mother, Miss Latorena had a radiant skin and slim figure.  She may not be tall, but her voice was big like a thunder yet sweet to the ears.  She was known for her deep-seated eyes and spunky short hair as her slanting bangs covered most of her forehead.  
“We need someone to recite Panatang Makabayan,” Miss Latorena said.
Hands shot in the air as her pupils called for her attention.  Errol wanted too that he even stepped out of the line just to catch her attention.  Miss Latorena looked at him and said, “Errol, get back to your line.”
He complied but he did not stop from volunteering.
“Alright, Almira.  Go to the flag pole now.”
Errol’s face and arm gradually dropped.  His heart sank not only because he was not chosen to recite in front of the pupils of all grade levels which he thought was one of the coolest things because most of the pupils who were chosen to recite Panatang Makabayan were considered to be the brightest.  
Who could ever memorize it?  Of course, only the smart ones, no doubt, he once thought.
But that morning, his nostrils flared.  His eyes glared at a tall, skinny girl who marched from the back.  Her untamed bushy curly hair made her look ridiculous but she exuded an air of confidence.  Almira’s and Errol’s eyes met as they leered at each other.  She sneered at him while he darted her an indignant stare.  Almira was the class valedictorian since third grade and based on the class standing, she might still retain her “crown”.  Errol was the school’s valedictorian in first and second grades, but he only ranked second the succeeding years.  Almira was the president of the class; Errol, on the other hand, was the vice president.  It was no secret that these two pupils had a competition.  As a matter of fact, a lot of teachers noticed that these two pupils’ competition was not healthy anymore that Miss Latorena had to pair them in one of the classroom activities in her Science class but all she heard from them was endless bickering.  
   A retiring teacher stood in front of the flag pole as she led the Philippine national anthem, conducting.  Two sixth grade pupils pulled the ropes to raise the flag while the pupils sang the anthem with their right palm on their chest.  Then the teacher stepped out of the platform.  Almira stood in front of the student body and raised her right hand in mid air.  
“Panatang makabayan,” she led at the top of her lungs.
“Panatang makabayan,” the pupils chorused… except Errol.  
Almira may have won at that moment but he swore he would take revenge in another time.  He did not admit it but his look meant envy when Almira stood there in front of the whole school.
After the flag ceremony, the pupils went back to their classrooms.  Almira rejoined her classmates, telling them to walk in single file since some of them walked in pairs or in threes.  She was just doing her job as the class president but to Errol she was bossing around.  



Chapter 2 - Making a Difference with Science

The class was filled with murmurs.  Some shared their insights on the telenovela they watched last night, others chatted about their crushes in school.  Errol, watching Miss Latorena writing on the board, sat quietly on his seat.  He was not interested at all in what he described as petty and no-brainer matters.  
“Alright, class, may I have your attention now?” Miss Latorena faced her pupils.  The murmurs ceased.  “We have discussed that Science has great contributions in our lives.  Several inventors made our lives easier as seen from the modern technology that we have today.” She paused.  “Now let me explain your project.”
Some grumbled.  Some gasped.  Two smiled enthusiastically.  
“Your project is called Making a Difference with Science,” said Miss Latorena as she underlined what she had written on the board.  “Students like you can also make a difference to society in your own way.  Give me an example.”
Two hands shot in the air.
“Almira.”
“As a student, I can make a difference to society especially to children of my age by being a good example to the youth, by being a good citizen.  Simple actions may greatly contribute to the development of our community such as following rules in school and listening to my teachers and to my parents.”
“That’s good.  Any other?  Yes, Errol.”
“Since this is a Science class and as we know it a lot of inventors who made a huge difference to our daily lives have something to do with the Sciences…”
“(Yawn!) Too much introduction,” Almira whispered but Errol ignored her.
“I can make a difference as a student by saving our environment by following the simple rules of reuse, reduce and recycle which help in the decrease of global warming which is the number one problem that our world is facing today.”
“Excellent, Errol.  Very well said.”
Errol smiled proudly, and he could tell that Almira’s eyes thinned at him in envy.  As a matter of fact, he was right.  
“Any other answer?”
Since Miss Latorena could not extract answers from the rest of the class, she continued the explanation of the class project.
“Well, it is almost the end of the school year and we discussed several topics about natural Science, inventions, and astronomy.  Your project has something to do with those areas that we have discussed.”
Eyebrows furrowed as the class remained silent.
“You have the option to work in pairs or groups of three.  Yes, Rhoen?”
“Can we have four in the group, Miss?” asked a corpulent dark boy with droopy eyes.  
“No, Rhoen.  Only in twos or threes.  You have to conceptualize and create an invention that may help the community.  For example, you can create a biodegradable trash can for both bio and nonbiodegradable trash which is definitely helpful to our environment.”
“That’s my idea,” interjected a skinny naughty boy at the back which made his male classmates laugh.
“Shut up, Jayrel,” Almira said, rolling her eyes.
“Or you can also create notebooks out of recycled papers to be given to indigent children,” continued Miss Latorena without being interrupted.  “You can also create a simple water system for your garden.  I would highly suggest you recycle.”
Errol began to think ambitiously. 
“When is the deadline of your project?” Everybody was on his and her toes.  “You will submit and present to the class your project on Monday.”
The class reacted in an uproar.  
“But Miss, today is Thursday, and tomorrow is Friday, the day after that is Saturday, and – “
“I know, I know, Vern,” Miss Latorena did not let the pupil finish.  “It is such a short notice for a project.  However, I want you to spend this period in brainstorming with your partner or your groupmates.  You will do your project here in the classroom so you can start it.  I’m sure you can finish your project by Sunday.”
The class still complained.  Almira and Errol remained calm.  Miss Latorena could tell that these two pupils were already thinking of ideas.
“Now here’s another announcement about your project.  Quiet now!”
She paused and the class toned down.
“Our principal, Sir Fuego, will be one of the judges on Monday.  Why?  He together with the Mayor will judge who has the best Science project.  (There were gasps.)  Now if your work wins third place, the members of the group will get additional seven points in the fourth quarter exam.”
Enthusiastic noise began to rise in the classroom.
“If your project wins second place, you get plus ten in the exam.”
The noise grew louder in excitement.
“Now if your work wins first…”
“Plus 20!” shouted the boys at the back.
“Miss, plus 50!  Plus 50!” shouted Jayrel.  “Plus 50 in the final grade!” The whole class laughed and Miss Latorena broadened her eyes at him, smiling.
“OK, Jayrel, I can give you plus 50 in the final grade – “
“Yes!” He shouted victoriously as he stood up with fists in the air.
“But you have to give me ten different projects.”
The whole class sneered at him that made Miss Latorena smile broadly.  Jayrel sat down with a sullen look on his face and finally laughed with his friends.  He loved theatrics and attention.
“Anyway, if your project wins first place, I can give you plus 15 in the exam.  I think that is more than enough.”
Errol’s eyes twinkled.  He wanted to win first place badly not only because of the additional score in his exam but also the pride of winning a very important project.  What’s more interesting was that the principal and the mayor of the town would judge their work.  This was not just a simple project, he thought.  It was colossal!
“I mentioned earlier that you are going to present your project to the class.  You are going to explain how you made the invention, what materials you used, and the significance of your invention that would make a difference to the community.  Is that clear?”
“Yes, Miss Latorena,” the class said in chorus.
“Please choose your partner or your groupmates and start brainstorming now.  Assign someone to write the names of the members on a one-fourth sheet of paper.  I’ll be going around to see if you are really working.  I’ll also be asking what your potential project would be.”
The pupils began to move in clusters.  Errol’s eyes were glistening with plus 15.  He was thinking of making something that would help the problems of the community in terms of garbage disposal.  Or how about dealing with the issue of water shortage problem?  Perhaps inventing an oxygen cigarette would be cool too.
“Hey, Errol, can you be my partner?”
Errol looked up at the towering Rhoen who seemed to be one of the tallest boys in the class.
“No,” Errol said bluntly.  Besides, Rhoen might just be using him to get a high score with him not doing anything for the project.  Rhoen doesn’t know anything, Errol thought. 
“But Miss said we have to have a partner.”
“Find someone else!”
Rhoen turned away and looked for someone to work with.  Errol stared at Miss Latorena.  He had a request – no, a proposal – that he hoped would be approved.  He breathed deeply and stood from his seat.  He approached Miss Latorena without getting his hungry eyes on her.
“Miss, can I say something?” Errol was surprised to hear another voice saying the same exact thing.  He turned to his right and found Almira equally surprised looking back at him.
What are you doing here?, Errol said furiously at the back of his mind.  All his plans would be shattered because of his nemesis.  They looked at Miss Latorena together and found the teacher staring at them.
“Yes?” Miss Laterona said like she knew something was up.
Errol didn’t want to talk because Almira might hinder his plans.  However, he had to say it soon, otherwise, Almira might impede him to pursue his plan of action.  After what seemed to be two seconds of silence, Errol and Almira spoke together, explaining their own proposals.  They tried to shout overpowering the other since they could not hear their own voice.  Coincidentally, they stopped together.  Miss Latorena seemed puzzled as she quietly stared at them.  Errol wanted to blame Almira for getting in the way.  She always wanted to be in the limelight and he hated her for that.  He wanted to explain his side again when Miss Latorena suddenly spoke.
“So you two want to work individually, is that right?”
Errol and Almira were surprised yet admired their teacher for understanding their message expressed amidst chaos.
“Yes, Miss,” they replied together.
Miss Latorena smiled and said, “No!”
Their jaws dropped.
“But Miss, I cannot work with someone else.”
“That is why I’m giving you the chance to work with your classmates, Errol, so that you can learn to socialize.”
“But Miss, what if my groupmates disagree with my ideas?”
“Then you should learn how to have a consensus.  That’s another lesson you have to learn, Almira.  And learn to accept others’ ideas too.”
The two were not yet convinced.
“Miss, I’m more productive when I work alone,” Errol said.
“I get disoriented when I listen to a lot of ideas,” Almira added.
“Even if I want to do something, my groupmates might just let me do all the work.  And I don’t want them to get credit for that.”
“Miss, I really want to win first place so I get to retain my title as the class valedictorian.”
Errol rolled his eyes at this.
“Miss, please, I really, really need to work alone,” Errol begged.  “I know I can do the project by myself.”
“Miss, most inventors did not need any help from other people,” Almira said matter of factly.
“Miss, I can still learn something aside from socialization.  Like… learning how to value my work.”
Miss Latorena raised her palms in midair.
“Alright!  Alright!”  she sighed.  “There’s really no way I can let you two join a group, huh?”
Errol and Almira shook their heads.
“OK, what if both of you will create one project… together?” Miss Latorena gave them a scornful smile.
Errol and Almira stood aghast, jaws dropped.  
“Miss Latorena, you can’t do this to me!” Errol raised his voice.
“There is no way that’s going to happen,” Almira rebutted.
“That’s close to a genocide.”
Miss Latorena gave him a flabbergasted look.
“Please, Miss Latorena,” said Almira, “you know we can’t stand each other.”
Miss Latorena sighed again.
“OK, OK,” she said in resignation.  “I know you two don’t get along.  And I’ve done everything to fill the gap between the two of you but I fail to do so.  And I have failed again.”
The two quietly looked at her, waiting for her final decision.
“Alright, since both of you asked to work individually, fine!  Only the two of you will work individually.  (“Yes!” the two muttered.)  But…”
Errol and Almira were on their toes.
“You have to make sure that your work will be chosen in one of the top three spots.”
Errol and Almira smiled proudly like they already knew they themselves would get the first place and the opponent would only get the second or third spot (although Errol was hoping that Almira would not make it to the final cut).  Miss Latorena gave them a sly smile.
“If you don’t land in the top three, you will get a failing mark in your project.  And I’m not going to be one of the judges.  Remember, Sir Fuego and the mayor will be the judges.  They have their own perspective of a creative invention,” Miss Latorena concluded.
Errol and Almira gulped and paused for a second.
“Well… OK… I’m OK with that, Miss,” Almira said although her voice was trailing off.
Errol thought that he had to make a perfect project.  Otherwise, his grade would be sacrificed and it might be the cause of his slide from being the class salutatorian.  But then he thought it might be worth the risk.
“Is that a deal?”  Miss Latorena asked.  “How about you, Errol?  What can you say?”
“I’ll take the challenge, Miss,” he said in hesitation.  He was trying to sound confident.  
Miss Latorena gave them a big smile.
“Good!  Oh, wait.  The whole class should hear this first.”  She stood up and addressed the class.  “Class, I have an important announcement to make.”
The noise subsided.
“My instruction is clear that you have to work in pairs or groups of three, am I right?”
“Yes, Miss,” the pupils replied in chorus.
“Now, two of your classmates, Almira and Errol, want to work individually.  Well, I agreed… only in one condition.”
At that moment, there was complete silence in the room.  A cough or an audible breathing might be the cause of the disruption of an important announcement.
“They should aim to be part of the top three inventors.”
The class snorted and breathed in sarcasm.
“Miss, what’s new?” Jayrel said, and his friends grunted, agreeing with what he said.
“Yes, Miss.  I mean, they always get the top two spots,” said Vern.
The rest of the pupils agreed.  Errol’s heart skipped a beat.  Oh yes!  He and Almira normally got the top two spots in all of their subjects’ requirements such as a project like this.  He was trying to suppress a smile that Almira once interpreted as sly.  He leered at her.  She looked calm but he could tell she was also nervous with the pact that she and he had with Miss Latorena.  
The class resigned in agreement that they could never surpass the class valedictorian and salutatorian.  Miss Latorena raised her palms in midair and the noise ceased.
“Jayrel, I have a question for you.”
“Anything but Math, Miss,” he replied which made his classmates break out in laughter.  Jayrel always delivered his mischievous lines like he meant them.  Some teachers found him annoying that his hyperactivity caused him to be punished.  During the first few months of the school year, Miss Latorena normally punished him by sending him out of the classroom, or by making him write a sentence a hundred times.  As time went on, she learned to “play” with him.  She realized that since this boy was too active for the class, which was sometimes a cause of the class annoyance, she took time to think of activities that were catered to him alone, or by just giving him extra work to do.
“OK, Jayrel, do you think Sun and Stars Crew deserves to win?”
The whole class burst in excitement when they heard the name of a dance group that recently won in Hataw, Pilipinas!, a high-rating dance show which searched for the best dance group in the country.  The winning group, Sun and Stars Crew, received countless criticisms, of course from their adversaries, after bagging the first prize against an early favorite and well loved group called Markado.  
“Miss, they said that Sun and Stars Crew has a rich sponsor who paid for millions of text votes,” Christian, a short skinny boy, said, standing up as he raised an arm like he wanted to be summoned by the teacher.
“Miss, the contest is a fraud,” bellowed another.
“Miss, I think Sun and Stars Crew deserves it.”
“Miss, I love Markado.”
“Miss, Miss, those two groups cannot even dance.”
“SILENCE!” 
The chaotic noise which Errol described as a low class bidding market stopped when Miss Latorena’s big voice thundered in the classroom.
“Question: Are you all Jayrel?”
The pupils smiled apologetically, covering their lips to suppress laughter.  Errol bit his lips.  He answered her in his mind, “Not in a million years will I ever be Jayrel.”  
Miss Latorena quietly cast each of them an indignant stare and then continued, “Jayrel, going back to you, and to you alone.  Do you think Sun and Stars Crew deserves to win?”
“No, Miss,” Jayrel softly answered, threatened by her intimidating voice.
“Why?”
The class was still quiet.
“Well, I think that Markado had more complicated moves.”
“How about you, Vern?  Same question.”
“Yes, Miss.  I think they deserve to win.”
“Why?”
“Because their dance moves were unique.”
“Rhoen.”
Rhoen gasped that made some of his classmates giggle.
“Yes, Miss?”
“Do you think Sun and Stars Crew deserves to win?”
“Err… who again, Miss?”
“Class, quiet,” Miss Latorena stopped the rest of the class from giggling.  “Sun and Stars Crew.”  
She raised her eyebrows, waiting for the pupil to answer.  Rhoen looked at her blankly.
“Let me guess,” Miss Latorena said, “you never watched the show, have you?”
For a second, Rhoen thought deeply.  And then he said with a smile, “Are they astronauts?”
The whole class sniggered.  Errol’s shoulders were bouncing up and down as he pressed his palm on his mouth.  Miss Latorena cued them to stop when she indignantly looked each one of them again.
“Jayrel said he doesn’t think that Sun and Stars Crew deserves to win.  Vern said she thinks that Sun and Stars Crew deserves the first place.  Rhoen thinks that Sun and Stars Crew are astronauts which I don’t find anything wrong with what he said,” Miss Latorena began to heighten the volume of her voice in the latter part to overpower the sniggers of the class, “because perhaps this is not his type of show to watch, right?”
The class finally nodded in agreement.
“Three different people, three different responses.  Now what am I trying to point out?  Going back to Errol and Almira.  You said, ‘Miss, what’s new?  They always get the top two spots’.  The mayor and our principal are two different individuals.  The principal might like Errol’s and Almira’s project, but the mayor might not notice their projects at all.  He might see something significant and something interesting in your work.”  She emphasized the word “your” pertaining to the rest of the class.  “So that’s my challenge to you.  Can you catch the attention of the mayor with your brilliant idea?  Now that’s absolutely possible.”
There was a glimmer of hope in the eyes of the rest of the class.
“Now since Errol and Almira would like to work individually, I want you to be my witnesses for the pact we agreed upon.  If both of them or either one of them does not get one of the top three spots, they will get a failing mark in this project.”
  The class gasped and looked at the two competitive heads with a look that meant are-you-serious and what-are-you-thinking.  Miss Latorena was smiling as if she was enjoying the tension that she had created.
“And as competitive as they are, they agreed with that condition.”
There were louder gasps and incredulous stares.  Errol felt a sudden rapid beat on his chest.  This was for real.  The whole class already heard the risk that he and his nemesis had to take.  And he thought he was a boy – no, a man – who always kept his word.  Finally, there’s no backing out.
“I can’t wait.  Alright then.  Start thinking of a spectacular idea,” she gestured Errol and Almira to take their seats.  “It was a day like this when Marco Polo left for China.”
Errol and Almira turned their back on their teacher and leered at each other.  
The game is on, both of them thought.  Although he was in the mood for competition, the tensed eyes aiming towards him somehow caused him a surge of panic.  He believed that negative thinking only attracts negativity.  But at that moment, he could not help himself from thinking of the possible failure that he hoped he would not experience.  He suddenly blocked off the negativity off his mind.  He never failed, he thought, not even against Almira.  He thought that people could not just fathom his intelligence and ideas that’s why he was usually the second best.
He sunk on his seat and his mind began to think of concepts such as ceasing global warming in thirty seconds, reincarnating extinct animals (a dodo would be a good start), inviting more meteor showers… the list was endless… and he didn’t know which to choose.  He scribbled raw ideas on his notebook but he eventually erased them when he thought they were either lame or impossible.  Miss Latorena walked around the classroom as she listened to the ideas of her students.  Errol didn’t want to admit but this project and the deal he and Almira had with their Science teacher was driving him insane.  He wanted to see how Almira was doing but he didn’t want to be caught looking at her.  She might think that he was trying to rob her thoughts.  Errol wished that she was having a hard time thinking of her own project.  
The bell rang which made Errol sigh – it was a mixture of a sigh of relief and trepidation because of lack of time.  The pupils carried their bags and left their homeroom to another classroom on the same floor.



Chapter 3 - The Unbearable Heat

Errol had a sandwich and a tetra packed juice for recess.  But the cool drink was not enough to quench his thirst.  As a matter of fact, a lot of pupils complained about the humid weather that day which seemed pretty unusual because it was mid-first quarter of the year.  
“It’s so warm, I can feel my sweat trickling on my back,” Almira said as she tied her hair in a ponytail.  Well, she looked neat but Errol thought she still looked ridiculous.
Her friends fanned themselves with their hands like their palms could help in cooling themselves.  
“Hey, Errol, who’s your partner in the Science project?”
“How many times do you have to ask me that, Rhoen?  I told you, I don’t have a partner.  Where were you when Miss Latorena announced that?”
How could he be so stupid?, Errol thought.  Rhoen shrugged his shoulders.
“I’m just worried about you.” Rhoen sounded genuine but it sounded like an insult to Errol.  Errol raised an eyebrow.
“You’re telling me that I can’t do it by myself?”
“Well, it’s not that.  But if you want to join me and Tim, we’re more than happy to have you as our groupmate.”
“Tss.  In your dreams,” Errol mumbled and left.  He, the class salutatorian, could not do the project on his own?  That’s beyond impossible as Errol put it.  Besides, Rhoen might just want to invite Errol to his group so that he and Tim could also achieve a very high mark – and additional points in the quarter exam!  Errol knew at that age that there are some people who use intelligent people like him to go along with his success.
As much as they wanted to avoid their paths, Errol and Almira crossed lanes when they went inside the classroom.
“Excuse me,” Errol sarcastically uttered, cutting Almira’s way so he could enter the room first.  
Almira paused and gaped.
“Unbelievable!  What an ungentleman!”
“I’ve always wanted to be one anyway,” he said, smirking, and went to his seat.
He didn’t know that Almira followed him until he felt a hard poke on his shoulder.  He turned around and tried to suppress laughter when he found her nostrils flaring.  
“What’s the big idea?”
Errol shrugged his shoulders.
“Beats me.  Go ask your bald grandpa.”
Almira gasped again.
“Well excuse me, Mr. Know-It-All.  FYI, my grandfather is not bald.  In fact, he still has a lot of hair even in his late 70’s.”
Errol smirked and looked at some of her stubborn strands waving above her forehead like they were electrocuted hay.
“Oh yeah.  I can see that.” Errol sneered.
“Listen, you.  I know why you’re doing this.  It’s because you’re scared that I’ll beat you in our Science project.”
“Oooh!  I’m scared,” Errol pressed his knuckles on his lips.  “Ha!  We’ll see.  We’ll see who’s the real champion.”
“Oh yeah?  You know what, I can’t wait to see you sulk in the corner and blame yourself for being so dumb.”
“You know what,” Errol said, “I can’t wait to see your hair straight on Tuesday because you’ve been pulling them while you’re crying in your room because of your loss.”
Errol smirked as Almira advanced at him.
“You can’t get away with this, Errol.  I’m still going to be the class valedictorian whether you like it or not.  And my Science project is going to win first place.”
“What’s going on here?” Miss Latorena approached them.  Although the exchange of banters was not scandalous, Miss Latorena could feel the tension.  
“Nothing, Miss,” Almira said sweetly and left.  But before she walked away, she cast Errol a dagger look.
Errol quietly looked at Almira and then Miss Latorena who gave him what he interpreted as an affectionate look although her eyebrows were raised.  She left him as she went back to her classroom and continued her work which seemed to look like a class record.  Errol always had this feeling that Miss Latorena was on his side; that she was there to defend him whenever Almira was confronting him.  And just like most of the boys in the class, he too had a crush on his teacher.  But he felt he was more special than the rest of the boys in his class because Miss Latorena always praised him. 

Recess time was over and the class had to go to the classroom situated across the principal’s office.  It was their Math period and to majority’s dislike, the class had a quiz.  
“I don’t want to see anything on your armrest except your pen and one whole sheet of paper,” Mr. Guerra, the Math teacher, instructed.  His white hair, massive facial wrinkles, and awful protruding belly were signs of his upcoming retirement… perhaps in a couple of years.  He fixed his glasses and furrowed his eyebrows.  
“Those monkeys at the back!  What did I tell you?”  His thunderous voice rattled the naughty boys in the class as they swept all their things off their armrest – everything but their pen and paper.  Most of the pupils were afraid of Mr. Guerra.  He disliked noise.  And if he heard unnecessary murmurs – just as his last name implied – he meant war!
The items for the quiz were already written on the board.  The pupils were required to solve five mathematical problems and show their solutions on their paper.  Errol was excited.  He knew the formula by heart.  He began to answer problem number one while most of his classmates were looking at the board, clueless on how to answer them.  He covered his paper with his arm so that no one could copy his answers.  Mr. Guerra folded his arms and his bulging belly served as support.  He walked around to make sure no one was cheating.  The heels of his polished leather shoes irritated some of the girls though.  The natural light from the window was substituted by gray skies.  And to everybody’s surprise it rained.  The pupils finally knew why the temperature of the morning was warm.  The effect was a heavy downpour.  As the rain grew heavier, the pupils began to gasp and muttered worriedly how they could go home.
“SILENCE!  You’re having a quiz, for Christ’s sake!” Although it was raining hard, Mr. Guerra’s big voice still overpowered the room.  All heads quickly bowed to the armrests.
Errol was somehow thankful because the rain contributed a cool temperature.  It would be tough to answer Math problems in sweltering heat.  He answered the quiz with ease that he was able to finish the test a couple of minutes before Mr. Guerra announced the last five minutes given to them to answer and review their work.  And then after five minutes…
“Everyone, stop writing.  I said stop writing!”
Jayrel jerked from his seat and parked his pen on the armrest upon realizing that Mr. Guerra was indeed referring to him.
“Pass your papers forward.  One… two… three… “
When he finally said “five”, all papers were handed to him.  
“Who will answer number one?”
Errol almost stood from his seat, raising his hand to be called to write the solution on the board.  He grinned when Mr. Guerra called him to answer the first problem.  Almira volunteered to answer the second, and the last three problems were solved by three pupils who also belonged to the top ten of the class.  Errol sat down after writing his solution on the board.  He checked his other answers and he knew and he could still recall that he had the same answers and solutions.  The grumpy Math teacher checked the answers on the board.  
“Are all answers correct?”
There was a weak “Yes, sir” response.  Errol was hoping that everything was correct.  Mr. Guerra put a tick mark beside each final answer.
“Yes!” Errol whispered for he knew he got a perfect score even before the papers were checked.
Mr. Guerra summoned for the secretary of the class to write the new lesson on the board.  The new lesson would be discussed the following day.  A sweet petite girl named Kim stood up and wrote the notes from Mr. Guerra’s lesson plan.
“Copy quietly!” That was his last instruction and he resigned in front of his table and began checking the papers.
The notes were lengthy for a fifth grader that some of Jayrel’s friends complained that their wrists were aching.  The class was relieved when Kim returned the lesson plan to Mr. Guerra.  Finally, the bell rang.  Some reacted worriedly for they had not yet finished copying.  Almira, on the other hand, offered her notebook to Kim so the latter could copy it at home.  Errol secured his notebook and pen in his bag.
“Leave the room quietly!” Mr. Guerra said, his eyes glued on the papers.
The pupils left the classroom, trying to be quiet as much as possible.  Errol slowed down upon approaching the teacher’s table.  He found his paper on top.  He was right!  He got a perfect score of 15, Mr. Guerra gave each item three points – two points for the solution and one point for the final answer.  Errol drew his lips to his ears.  He looked up and found Almira frowning upon seeing his paper.  Mr. Guerra had just concluded checking Almira’s paper and she too got a perfect score.  This time it was Errol who frowned.  Almira gave herself a broad smile.  However just like Errol, she was not completely happy because both of them had the same score.
“What are you still doing here?” Mr. Guerra said.
“Bye, Sir,” said Almira and left.  Errol nodded and left too.



Chapter 4 - The Girl Who Crashed from the Rainbow

Errol biked home for lunch.  As usual, he ate his meal quickly.  Bing quietly looked at him with a raised eyebrow.  
“That’s it?”
“Yes, that’s it,” Errol replied and left the dining area.
Bing rolled her eyes and left for the kitchen.  Stella didn’t go home that lunch time because she stayed in school for football practice.  Their mother didn’t go home for lunch unless there’s an emergency. 
Errol was thankful even before he went home that the rain had stopped, otherwise, he would have to stay in school and wait for a good Samaritan to give him a tricycle ride home.
The ground was moist and his shoes produced succulent sounds upon approaching Buchog’s graveyard.  He bent his knees, making sure that his clothes would not be soiled by mud.
“Well, I got a perfect score, alright, but the wicked witch also got the same score,” he mumbled to the cross.  “I hope I could think of a perfect idea for my Science project very soon.  I need to win first place.  The mayor is going to be one of the judges.  If I win now that’s going to be totally awesome.”
He looked up at the gray sky and thought about a solution to El Niño.  His eyebrows furrowed upon noticing the rainbow.  
“Hmm, that’s weird,” he said.
The rainbow was actually broken.  Instead of having a perfect bow, the slope was like a colorful railway track.  
“That’s so cool.  I’ve never seen anything like it before.”
As he gazed at the eccentricity of the prism, he noticed what seemed to be like a gigantic fly descending from the rainbow.  And the buzz was a shrill.  Errol stood up, agape.  It was weird that the fly was getting bigger and bigger and the buzz was getting louder.  His eyes broadened when he realized that the fly was actually a girl.  It was too late for him to evade the foreign object for the girl fell right on him.  They both rolled on the muddy ground and halted when their head bumped each other’s.  
Errol rubbed his head and opened his eyes.  The girl who seemed to be around his age, clad in a black dress and black mid-length boots, was also rubbing her head.  She looked pale that no one would be able to recognize any color from her except black and gray.  She quickly combed her straight above-the-shoulders hair and fixed her black headband with a gray cloud as an embellishment.  
“Who are… how did you fall… what is happening here?” Errol finally said hysterically.
“Give me a second, OK,” said the girl, standing up and wiping the mud off her dress.  “Yuck!  This is disgusting!”
Errol sat still, gaping at her.  
“Well, what are you still doing there?  Get up!” said the girl.  Despite the lack of other color on her, her eyes showed her effervescence.  
Errol stood up and wiped his arms.  He looked up and found the girl amiably smiling at her.  She was quite taller than him.
“Hey there!  My name is Sunday.” She extended her hand for a handshake.
Errol was taken aback.  He blushed when he looked at his soiled hand.
“My name is Errol.” He gave her a brief handshake and slipped his hand off hers.
Sunday, however, was not pleased.  She dragged Errol’s hand and gripped his hand firmly.
“When you shake hands with someone, it has to be firm like this.”
She gripped his hand firmly that Errol wanted to pull his hand away instantly, fearing that she would crush his fingers.
“Er – OK.  Yeah.” 
Sunday smiled and let go of his hand.  
“So what just happened there?  Did you jump off an airplane?”
Sunday snorted.
“No, silly.  I fell from the rainbow.”
Did I hear her right?
“From where?”
“From the rainbow.” And the way she said was like it was such an ordinary thing.
“From the rainbow?  How did you get there?”
“Simple, that’s where I live,” Sunday replied matter-of-factly.
Now Errol thought things were getting weirder.
“Are you some sort of a psycho?  I swear I’m going to call the police.”
Sunday rolled her eyes.
“If you think I’m a psycho,” she said, “then you’ll be considered a psycho too if you tell them where I come from.”
Errol jerked.
“You’re an alien!” He concluded, pointing a shaking accusing finger at her.
“I am not an alien.  I’m just a girl who lives in a beautiful rainbow.”
Errol shook his head.
“How could that happen?  I was able to study in my Science class that a rainbow is formed after a rain.  It’s just a prism of light.”
“Well, whatever your Science told you, it did not cover the possibilities of life in a rainbow.”
“B-but… Science and fantasy don’t go together… well, as I know it… or, wait… this is the reality.  Or is it?  I’m dreaming, aren’t I?”
Sunday suddenly slapped Errol’s cheek that her heavy hand felt like tons of metal.
“What did you do that for?” he said, pressing his cheek.  The expression on his face showed furious incredulity and utter shock.
Sunday shrugged.
“Have I proven that this is not a dream?”
“You don’t have to do that for crying out loud.” He caressed his cheek.  “Whatever you are, I want you to leave now!”
“No wait.  I need your help.”
“After slapping me?”
She looked at him apologetically.  
“I need to go back home, otherwise, Aryad will conquer your world and he will demolish moisture which is the source of rainbow.  Your world will be a giant parched land.”
Things were getting complicated but Errol became quite enthusiastic.
“You’re not trying to pull my leg, are you?”
“What do you mean?” Sunday furrowed her eyebrow, genuinely not getting his point.
“What I mean is, are you telling the truth?”
“Errol, who are you talking to there?”
Errol suddenly rattled.
“Quick, hide!” he whispered.
“Where?”
“Over there?” he directed her to a bush.  Sunday ran towards her hideout and Errol faced Buchog’s graveyard.  He was panting looking blankly at the cross.
“Errol!”
“What?”
“Are you talking by yourself again?” Bing shouted from the window.
“I’m talking to Buchog!” he shouted back.
Then he heard a gasp.
“Hoy, hoy!  Errol?” 
Errol’s eyes broadened when Bing walked out of the house and approached him looking at him from head to toe.
“You’re all dirty!”
He scratched his nape.  Bing raised an eyebrow and gave him a look of suspicion.  
“What did you do this time?”
Errol’s eyes moved side to side.
“What do you mean?” He shrugged.
“This,” Bing said, pointing at his dirty shirt.  “Did you imagine yourself playing with your dead dog again?”
Errol’s nostrils flared.  First of all, he didn’t want to describe Buchog dead.  He wanted to think that Buchog was just resting in a paradise and his soul was roaming around, looking after him.  But in this situation especially when he was trying to cover something, he conceded.
“Yeah, I was.”
“Tsk, tsk, tsk.  I better tell your mother that you need to consult a psychiatrist.  Come on.  Take a bath.”
Errol leered at the bush where Sunday was hiding. 
“Err – I’ll be there in a minute.”
“Now – “
“In a minute!”
“Fine!”
Bing rolled her eyes and walked away.  Errol waited for her to enter the house until he approached the bush.
“Hey!” he whispered.
Sunday popped her head out.  
“Is she gone?” She smiled like she even enjoyed the suspense.
“Listen, you have to leave.”
“No, please, I need your help.”
“I can’t help you,” he angrily whispered.  “Ate Bing might think you’re a street child or something.”
“What do you mean?”
“You’re dirty and no one knows you.”
Sunday emerged from the bush and to Errol’s surprise, her dress and boots were free of mud.  Yes, he could still tell even if she was wearing an all-black attire.
“How did you do that?” Errol looked at her from head to toe.
“So, can I count on you?”
Errol could not speak.  He shook his head.
“I don’t know.  Just leave me alone, OK!” He ran into the house, leaving Sunday alone in the backyard.
He took a quick bath but his mind was boggled by Sunday.  He thought that beings – he couldn’t call Sunday a human because he was not even sure – like her could possibly exist.  
“Errol!” Bing’s yell was totally irritating that he slapped his comb on his dresser.
“What do you want?” he bellowed.
“Someone is looking for you.”
Errol stood there bewildered.
“EEEERROOOOOL!!!”
“YEEEEEESSS!  Somebody please shut her big mouth!”
Errol had always been rude to Bing.  However, he didn’t treat the family’s former helper, Auntie Nena, that way.  She was indeed firm too; but she had a motherly effect on him.  Bing was young and she barely reached her mid-twenties.  He found her extremely annoying, first of all, with the way she looked, and her choices of songs and movies.  He thought that her favorite singers were only patronized by people from the barrio.  He once negatively commented about her music choices that caused his mother to flare up.  She eventually buried him in a half hour sermon in front of Bing’s presence to the latter’s delight.
Errol walked out of his room, wondering who was looking for him at that time of the day.  He thought that the person should be worth seeing for he did not want to be late for school.  He treaded – as a matter of fact, stomped – down the stairs to the living room to get his bag.  There he found Bing’s utterly foolish grin flashing at him.  Behind her was a girl dressed in black sitting on the living room couch.
“Hey there, Errol.”
“What are you doing here?” he muttered.
“I think we should go to school together, don’t you think?” Sunday beamed.
Bing covered her mouth with both palms, bending her knees.  It seemed as if she was excited to see Errol with a girl.  He, on the other hand, remained stiff yet irked.
“Can’t you go all by yourself?” Errol said, maintaining a low voice.  He took his bag from the couch that was perched beside Sunday.
“I’m scared of the dogs in the neighborhood,” Sunday said blithely.  “Come on, let’s go.  We don’t want to be late.  Bye, Ate Bing.”
Sunday left Bing a smile and headed for the door.  Errol momentarily stood agape.  He jerked when he felt a nudge on his back.
“How come you’re not telling me and your mother about it?” Bing said in a tone of enamored mockery.  
Errol stared at her moose-like eyes beneath her fake thick eyelashes.  Her teeth demonstrated that of a camel, only they were protruding.  Errol rolled his eyes.
“Will you just shut up?” he grunted and left for the door.
“Oh come on, Errol.  I won’t tell your mother and Stella about it.  We’re on the same side, promise,” she said, following Errol to the exit.  “Bye, Sunday.”
Sunday, waiting at the gate, smiled and waved at Bing.  Enjoying Bing’s excitement, she grabbed Errol’s hand and swayed it with hers like they were young sweethearts.  Errol was caught off guard that he did not know how to retrieve his hand.  Bing was screaming in tingles at the door until Sunday and Errol were able to close the gate.  
“Ate Bing is so cute,” Sunday said, laughing.
“Give me back my hand!” Errol yanked his hand off hers, glaring at her.
Sunday widened her eyes.
“Fine.  You’re such a killjoy.”
“No, you are!” He said, brandishing his finger at her.  “You are killing my joy of being alone.”  He embarked his bicycle.  “Stay away from me!”  Those were his last words and left Sunday in the street.  
“Wait for me,” she bellowed but he pretended not to hear her.  As a matter of fact, he even pedaled faster so that she could not follow him.  



Chapter 5 - The Unexpected Project(s)

The moment Errol arrived in school that afternoon everybody could tell he was not in the good mood.  His classmates were used to his mood swings and by being grumpy most of the time.  However, his silence and his inactive participation in their afternoon classes were his signs of unusual nonchalance.  
“Tsss!  What a drama king.  It doesn’t even suit him.”  He heard Almira quipped at the back.  But he cared less.
Again, his mind was about Sunday – not even about the Science project.  She appeared out of nowhere, and she even tried to make him believe that she lived in the rainbow.  And then there’s this guy named Aryad who seemed to be the bad guy who was plotting on drying up the planet.  She sounded unbelievable.  But how come she was able to tidy herself up in just a minute when she was bathed in mud all over?  How could she be of a bothersome?  
Speaking of bothersome, his worst nightmare occurred after his last class.  He and eight of his classmates were assigned to be the cleaners for the day.  Just like any public school in the Philippines, pupils were trained to observe cleanliness and orderliness not only with their things but also in their homeroom classroom.  Errol dreaded Thursday afternoons because it meant endless cleaning of window sills.  Actually, that was not his nightmare.  Amidst the playing pupils on the school quadrangle, Sunday stood out in the crowd.  Some pupils especially girls stopped to stare at her, wondering who she was.  
Errol gasped and turned around abruptly.  
“What’s wrong, Errol?”  Rhoen asked, pausing from sweeping the floor.
He could not say a word.  He was panting.  Kim noticed his shallow breathing.
“Errol, are you OK?”
Miss Latorena sitting in front of her table joined the inquiry.
“What is going on?”
Errol swallowed hard.
“M-miss.”
Miss Latorena waited for him to continue.
“M-miss.”
“Errol, do you have a fever?  Rhoen, will you please check his temperature.”
When Rhoen was about to comply, Errol finally said, “Miss, I need to go.  I need to go home.  It’s an emergency.”
Miss Latorena stood up and approached him, her eyebrows met, bewildered.  The other assigned cleaners for the day paused from their cleaning tasks just to hear what was happening.
“What kind of emergency?”
Errol, think!  Think!
“Err – Miss, I need to go to the toilet.  It’s really an emergency.”
Rhoen snorted and slapped his mouth.  His other classmates began to giggle.  It was definitely the most stupid and the most embarrassing excuse he had ever fabricated.  He was thinking of the shame he was undergoing.  His reputation was besmirched because of a lame excuse.  He looked back.  He found Sunday peering through the windows of the principal’s office which was just two rooms away from his.  Beads of sweat began to trickle his forehead.  He looked at Miss Latorena in desperation.
“Alright.  Go ahead.”
“Thank you, Miss,” he said, leaving the window cleaner on the floor.  There was silence when he snatched his backpack.  But as soon as he left the room, there was a roar of laughter.  He was furious… furious at Sunday.  She was the cause of his sudden humiliation.  
Sunday was surveying the principal’s office for the last time.  Errol quickly ducked behind the corridor. 
“Bye, Errol,” said some of his classmates whom he met along the way.  He ignored them and ran faster.  He had to get away so he could evade Sunday.
He squeezed into the labyrinth of playing pupils.  Some played football, some played hide and seek, some played patintero.  There were some pupils running to their parents or guardians who came to pick them up.  
“Errol!”
Not now, he thought and escaped a hit from a ball.  
“Errol!”
He continued to run.  He could already see his bicycle.
“ERROL!  MISS LATORENA IS CALLING YOU!”
He turned around and it was Rhoen who was running after him.
“Miss Latorena… is calling you so… your friend… your friend can accompany you… home,” Rhoen said in between pants.  
Errol furrowed his eyebrows.  What friend?  For all he knew, he did not have any friends, and he was fine with that set up.  His eyes broadened in disbelief when Sunday’s head popped from behind Rhoen like she was hiding behind a tree, playing hide and seek.  Rhoen was so tall and corpulent that no one could tell that a petite girl was standing behind him.  Sunday smiled and waved a hand at Errol.
“Hey there.  Come on, let’s hurry up for your emergency.”  She winked.
“NOOOOOOO!!!”
“There you are, Errol.”  Just when Errol was about to run to his bicycle, Miss Latorena came.  Errol paused.  “The good thing your friend caught up with you.”
Errol shook his head.
“She’s – she’s not – she’s – “
His face might have exhibited an uncomfortable expression, like he could not decide whether to smile or cry.  His weird facial expression brought Miss Latorena to talk rapidly.
“Hurry up before an undesirable explosion happens here!”
Errol nodded and ran to his bicycle.
“Thank you, Madam,” said Sunday, waving a hand.
Errol hauled his bicycle out of the school gate without saying a word.
“Is she your teacher?  Wow!  You and your classmates might be inspired.  She’s lovely.”
Errol remained silent, dodging some parents and pupils along the way.
“Your house is close to your school.  That works to your advantage because there is no need for you to ride these three-wheeled motors.”
“Tricycle?” asked a tricycle driver who was waiting for passengers.
“Oh, so you call this thing with three wheels a tricycle?” She inquired genuinely and cheerfully.  
The response of the tricycle driver was rather apathetic.  Without a word, he was staring at Sunday, wondering if she was being sarcastic.  Errol, on the other hand, rolled his eyes and rode his bicycle.
“Errol, wait.”
“Leave me alone.”
“I said, wait!”  She clasped the brake that Errol was shocked in a sudden halt.  “I’m trying to help you out so I need you to help me too.”
“What help are you offering?  Save the world?”
Sunday sighed.
“I know it sounds ambitious.  But yes.”  Sunday looked around.  Somehow she was irked by the presence of the tricycle driver who was offering her a ride.  He did not get his eyes off her.  He seemed to be rather amazed at her presence.
“Listen, can we talk some place where it’s quiet?  I think your house is a perfect place.”
Errol thought that talking about it at home was a bad idea.  But then they had nowhere else to go.  If he didn’t pause to listen to her, she would continue to pester her.  
“Alright!  Jump in.”
Sunday beamed.  She looked at his bicycle like she was searching for something, without getting the smile off her face.  
“What are you still doing there?” Errol grew impatient.  “I said jump in.  Don’t you know how to be a passenger on a bicycle?  Do you want me to demonstrate it for you?  Don’t you have a bicycle in your place?” His voice grew louder upon asking each question.
“Of course we do,” Sunday replied still smiling.  “I’m just happy you’re offering me a ride.”
Errol rolled his eyes and thought that girls were too annoying.  Sunday stepped on the spokes protruding in the middle of the hind wheel.  Errol felt strange when Sunday pressed her palms on his shoulders for her balance.  He was not used to being close with girls… especially this close.  
“WHEEEEEE!!!” Sunday was enjoying the ride when Errol sped off.  It could be the speed or the wind blowing against their face.  Whatever the reason was, Sunday’s shrill scream made Errol smile… a bit.
“The street looks different when you’re riding a bicycle and when you’re walking,” she said in sheer excitement.  “It’s like you’re floating in midair.  I like it.  WHOOPS!”
A tricycle and another passed through them.
“Whoa!  That was close.”
Errol concentrated on his path.  Finally, they arrived at their destination.  Sunday jumped off the bicycle, her excitement was not yet wearing off.  
“Let’s do that again later.”
“You talk too much,” said Errol as he parked his bicycle close to the gate.  
“Don’t you know how to have fun?  You’re such a boring person.”
“Yada – yada – yada!” Errol said and entered the house.  “Mommy?”
He was surprised to see his mother back home early.  Normally, Mrs. Joaquin came home past seven at night because of work.  But it was barely five in the afternoon.
“Errol, Errol, quick.  It’s your father.”  
Errol beamed.
“Daddy!”
He ran to the coffee table where the laptop was.  
“Oh, it’s you again,” said Bing upon seeing Sunday.  “Come in.  I’ll take you to the dining room first.”
Sunday nodded and curiously watched Errol talking to a screen as she followed Bing to the dining area.
“Hello, Daddy.”
“How’s my boy?” said Mr. Joaquin who was grinning on the screen.  Errol’s face was in the inset on the lower right of the screen.  One could tell that they’re both father and son.  They both had the same tantalizing slit eyes, their eyebrows high.  They could be misunderstood for being arrogant people.  The only difference between them was, Errol’s father’s cheeks were plump like he had swallowed two buns.
“I’m doing good.  Why did you call so early?  Oh!  And when are you coming home?  I think Mommy and Ate Stella already bought our plane tickets to Bohol.”
Errol turned to his mother who gave a low sigh.  Bewildered, he furrowed his eyebrows and turned to Stella to his other side.  She was sitting quietly with her arms folded on her chest.
“You bought our plane tickets, didn’t you?” he asked her.
“Yes we did,” Stella replied, staring blankly at the laptop.
Errol smiled at his father.  He could not wait to see him and hug him again.  His father had been away for almost a year.  Besides he needed a father figure especially that he was the only male in the house.
“So when are you coming home, Daddy?”
“About that… you see, my boss told me that we have a very important project that is coming next month.  It’s going to be quite long because the project is going to be for three months.  And because of that, I may not be able to come home this summer.”
Errol’s smile slowly faded.
“But – well, how about after summer vacation?” his voice softened.
His father sighed.
“I would really like to but there’s another project pending.  I’m sorry, Errol.”  
“But you promised.”
“I-I know.”  His father was trying his best to explain himself and to appease his son.  “I am excited to go home too.  And it would be fun to go to Bohol, the four of us together.  But you see, my work needs me.  I have to be here.  If I won’t do my job then I would be sent home and we wouldn’t have a comfortable life.  You know what I mean.”
Errol’s heart sank.  He had waited for the arrival of his father for so long, and all their plans were impeded because of an unexpected project.  
“Well, just take care, Daddy.”
“Thanks.  You too, son.  Again I’m sorry.  I’ll try to make it up to you.  I’ll try to talk to my boss later.  Let’s just hope for the best, OK?”
Errol nodded.
“Bye, Daddy.”
“Bye, son.  Always study hard.”
Errol waved at his father on the screen and left.  It was his mother’s turn to talk to him again.  His energy had been stripped off him.  
“Pssst!”
He found Sunday calling him from the dining area.  He completely forgot about her.
“Why are you still here?”
“We’re going to talk, remember?”
“Go home,” he said, sounding too belligerent.  He was making his way to his bedroom when Sunday called him again.
“I said, we’re going to talk.”
Errol sighed in incredulity.
Unbelievable!  This is my house, he thought.  He joined Sunday in the dining area and slumped on his seat.  
“Ate Bing makes delicious orange juice.  You’re so lucky.” She pushed a glass of juice to him.
Errol stared at it apathetically.
“It’s strange,” Sunday began.  “Your father does not look like you.”
He quietly stared at her.  It was the first time he had heard it because he was indeed the spitting image of his father.
“And he also does not look like your mother and your sister.  How come he doesn’t have a body?  How come his head is square?”
“You’re serious?”
Sunday nodded, smiling.  Errol eventually snorted.
“My advice: don’t drink too much of Ate Bing’s orange juice,” he scoffed.
“Well, it seems that Mr. Biker here is gullible.”
Errol stopped giggling, dumbfounded.  
“OK, can we go back to our impeded discussion?” Sunday said, now it’s her patience that was beginning to wear off.
“Here we go again.”
“Listen, we have to do something.  And if we have to do something we have to act now.”
“First, tell me, what are we going to do?”
“Stop Aryad.”
“How?”
“That’s what we’re going to figure out.”
Errol sighed.  He was definitely not in the right mood to think.
“Why don’t you approach other people instead?”
“I don’t trust any other people.  I guess fate brought me to you because I trust you.”
Errol shrugged his shoulders and sipped his glass of juice.
“Like I said, we’re still going to plan how to stop him.  I’m a little bit confident right now because at least we have something to start with.”
“Oh yeah?  And what is that?”
Sunday took a small gray bag from her pocket.  She untied the string and showed it to Errol.  His eyebrows reached for his hairline.
“Seeds?  How are we going to stop Aryad with seeds?”
“These are no ordinary seeds.  These could form clouds and induce rain.”
“Sure.  Tell me about it.”
Sunday sighed in disappointment at his sarcasm.  Their discussion was cut when Mrs. Joaquin and Stella joined them.  Errol instructed Sunday to hide the seeds back in her pocket.
“Oh, Errol.  I didn’t notice you have a visitor.”
“Mommy, she’s not my – “
“Good afternoon, Madam.  My name is Sunday.” 
Although surprised, Mrs. Joaquin was pleased to return the handshake.
“Pleased to meet you, Sunday,” she said and sat opposite her.  “So it’s my first time to see you here in town.  Where are you from?  What’s your family name?”
“Oh, I – “
Errol tapped the table that surprised everybody present.
“She’s a friend of my classmate.  She’s from… from Baguio City, right?” He looked at Sunday, insinuating her to ride on.  He didn’t like the malevolent smile on her face.  Unbeknownst to Errol and Sunday’s secret, Mrs. Joaquin and Stella glanced at her, waiting for her reply.
“Baguio City?” Sunday said.
Errol’s lips thinned.  Why don’t you just say yes for crying out loud?
“Yes, I’m from the colorful city of Baguio,” Sunday finally said with a smile.
“Wow!  Yes, especially during the Flower Festival” Mrs. Joaquin said, smiling at the marvelous fauna in her mind.
“Where everybody enjoys the cool rain,” Sunday continued.
“Oooh!  I love the rain,” Stella said, staring at Sunday with those unusual enthusiastic eyes.
“Where the rainbow is within reach.”
Errol pursed his lips, his slit eyes emaciated at Sunday.  She was conspicuously enjoying his anxiety.  He had to stop her before she got carried away with her mischief.
“Errr – OK, OK!” Errol interjected, standing from his seat.  “Sunday, I think it’s time for you to head out.”  His smile was an obvious sham.
“Hey!  Be respectful to your visitor.  She hasn’t finished her juice yet,” Stella said, nodding at Sunday’s glass.
“She’s not thirsty.  Come on, Sunday, let’s go.”
Mrs. Joaquin glared at his son.  “Errol, be courteous.  Sunday, you can stay for a while.”
Errol rolled his eyes and resigned to his chair.
“So what’s your last name, Sunday?” Mrs. Joaquin asked.
Blood rushed out of Errol’s face.  On the contrary, Sunday smiled at Mrs. Joaquin confidently and replied without batting her eyelashes, “It’s Bahaghari.”
“Oooh!  Rainbow,” said Stella.
Sunday nodded, smiling at her.
“So how did you know my boring brother?”
Errol glared at her, mumbling.
“It isn’t your business to know.”
“Shut up!  I’m not talking to you.”
Errol gaped in fury and looked at his mother.
“Did you just hear that?”
“Stella…”
“To answer your question, Ate Stella,” Sunday began.  Stella, on the other hand, showed an interested look.  Her eyebrows were slanted upward and her lips drew a modest smile.  Since she had a dry personality, one would misinterpret her look as somewhat sarcastic.  
“We met in school.  I’m there as a sit in for few days.”
“Well, the good thing you got along with him,” Stella said, nodding at Errol who was pouting quietly on his seat.  “No one can stand him.”
“Stella…”
Sunday giggled.
“It’s OK, Mrs. Joaquin,” Sunday enthusiastically said.  Her smart flair enthused Mrs. Joaquin.  “Actually, Ate Stella, your brother may be an anti-social.  However, his repulsiveness drew me to him.  He’s quite an interesting character.”
Errol gawked with his eyebrows meeting in the middle.  He wanted her to stop but a part of him wanted to listen to her more. 
“Really?” Stella grinned at both Sunday and Errol.  “Well, this may sound creepy but do both of you have a romantic relationship?”
“For crying out loud!” Errol punched the table, standing up.
“Errol… Stella…” Mrs. Joaquin finally broadened her eyes on her daughter.
Sunday seemed to be unaffected at all.  In fact, she giggled that somehow amused Stella.
“Oh come on, Errol.  Be a good sport.  Your sister is just curious.”
Shrugging her shoulders at Errol, Stella drew her lips to her right ear.  
“Ate Stella, I did mention that your brother caught my attention.  But it is definitely impossible for me to be romantically involved with him.  I definitely have my own standards.”
Errol glared furtively at her.  He could not bear to hear more insults from this stranger who was in fact asking help from him.   
“I like her,” Stella concluded, drawing a meager smile on her face, her sleepy eyes staring at the zany new girl in town.  
“Yeah,” Mrs. Joaquin agreed, smiling back at the smart looking girl.  “I wonder who your parents are.”
“Well, I’m wondering too, Mommy.  Sunday, do you want to see my friend, Buchog?”  Errol was deeply desperate in his moves that he even grabbed Sunday’s wrist and pulled her out of the dining room.  
Stella snorted and said, “See, Mommy.  Who would be interested to see someone else’s deceased dog?”
Instead of going to the backyard, Errol took Sunday out of the house.
“You said you’re going to help me?”
Errol sighed, rolling his eyes.
“Listen, you can’t imagine what I’m going through right now.  Did you just see how disappointed I was, my whole family, to find out that my father’s not coming home this summer?  Do you know that I have a huge Science project due Monday next week?  I just can’t squeeze you in my hectic schedule and in my psychological and emotional turmoil.”
Sunday’s blithe personality was substituted by a glum persona.
“Not just for a few minutes?”
“No.  And your problem takes eons for someone to solve.  I’m sorry.” 
Errol turned away, leaving Sunday standing quietly outside the gate.  He somehow felt bad but realistically speaking he could not handle everything altogether.  
“Errol.”
He turned to her.  He found her holding a handful of seeds.  She tossed them up in the air as high as she could.  The seeds pulverized like fine white sugar, and formed a small cloud.  The cloud evaporated into rain.  Errol stood agape at the bizarre yet intriguing phenomenon.  
“Now will you help me?”
It was too much to handle for Errol.  He shut the gate closed and leaned on it, panting.  He could barely believe what he saw.  He ran to the front door and paused to look at where the cloud used to be.  It was gone.  



Chapter 6 -The Poetic Errol

Errol remained brooding about his Science project – and Sunday and her seeds – for the rest of the evening.  Even while he was taking his night shower, he wondered where Sunday could be at that moment.  She probably was sleeping in the town plaza, he thought.  
Suddenly, he was struck by a eureka moment.  While enjoying the shower crashing on his tiny body, he had an idea about his Science project.  His heart palpitated in excitement.  He once read that people tend to think of a brilliant idea while taking a bath because of the soothing water.  And this was his moment of conceptualizing a brilliant idea.  However, he had one regret.  He needed Sunday and he had no idea where she had gone.  He was desperately hoping that she was only in the town premises; and for a second he was so mad at himself for shoving her away.
He stared at the water coming from the pores of the shower head.  He had to start writing the draft of his project – and he planned to look for Sunday the following morning.  Thinking about Sunday caused him to squint when something moved in his peripheral vision.  He tested his sight as he furtively looked at the window where he thought he saw something motioned.  To his horror, he saw Sunday’s face, smiling right at him.
“Hey there!”
“WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!”
Errol screamed on the top of his lungs that made Sunday jerk and suddenly fall off the window.  He quickly grabbed his towel and wrapped it round his body.  His vision didn’t trick him at all.  It was definitely Sunday.  He leaned on the wall as he was panting, and staring at the window.  He screamed once more when he heard knocks on the door.
“Errol, is everything alright in there?” He heard his mother’s muffled voice.
He swallowed hard.
“Err… I’m… I’m singing, Mommy.”
What?
“Singing?  I thought I heard you screaming.”
“No, Mommy.  I was really singing.  Out of tune.  Sorry.” He chuckled at his lame excuse - his second for the day.
“Alright!  Just hurry up so you can go to bed soon.”
“Yes, Mommy.”
He turned off the shower.  He quickly dried himself, staring at the window, looking out for peeping-Sunday.  He grabbed his undergarments and nighttime clothes and wore them without keeping his eyes off the window.  
As he opened the door, he was startled to see his mother waiting for him at the door, her arms folded on her chest.
“Mommy, you scared me there.”
“I’m sorry.  I just want to find out if you’re indeed fine.  I thought of being of help just in case.”
“Help?” Errol said, trying to mask his anxiety with a forced smile.  “Why do I need help?”
His mother shrugged her shoulders and said, “Well, the last time you screamed, there was a cockroach crawling on the wall.”
Out of the blue, Stella passed by and didn’t fail to leave a message.  “Only chickens are afraid of roaches.”
Errol thinned his eyes at his sister who was on her way to the living room.
“Mommy,” he said, his tone suggested embarrassment and annoyance.  “I’m already eleven.  That happened when I was eight.”  As a matter of fact, he irked to admit and recall the incident.
“No you really have to tell me, Errol, so that I’d know if I have to contact pest control again.”
Errol was momentarily dumbstruck, humiliated at himself for assuming something different.
“Err, OK.  I will.”
He walked – briskly, actually – to his room when his mother called him again.  At that moment, he badly wanted to be far from his mother because she might discover about Sunday, and she might ruin his plan for his Science project.
“What is it?”
“Good night.”
Errol sighed, slightly rolling his eyes.
“Uh-up!  I saw that,” his mother said.
“Good night,” he said and made his first step on the staircase.
“Sweet dreams.”
“Sweet dreams, Mommy.”
“Happy sleep.”  He could hear his mother’s voice growing louder as he approached the final steps of the staircase.
“Same to you,” he bellowed back, and scampered to his room.  
To his relief, he shut the door quickly.  He wanted to lock his room but his mother told him to keep it unlocked so she could check on him while he’s asleep.  He hurried to the window and pushed the curtains to the side.  The town seemed quiet, and he could see the lights of the neighboring houses flickering to resign for the night.  He gazed at the yard below.  There was no sign of Sunday.  He furrowed his eyebrows, bewildered where she could have gone.  Thoughts of night ghosts haunted his mind.  
A figure which resembled the terrifying black lady – only with a shorter hair – peeked through his window.  Errol ran to his bed, crying out a brief scream.  Sunday waved her hand in sheer delight like she was greeting him hello.  At that moment, he abhorred how she scared him every time she appeared.  Worried that his mother heard his scream again, he gesticulated her to hide, swiping his arm to his left.  His bedroom door flung open behind him to his horror. 
“Errol, I heard you scream again,” his mother said, quite annoyed.  “What is it this time?”
Before his mother came inside, Sunday swiftly disappeared from the window.  He turned to his mother with a fake smile, and said, “I’m just so happy, Mommy, because I’ve thought of a brilliant idea for my Science project.  I’m sure Miss Latorena will give it a hundred.”
Stella passed by the room, heading to her room without looking at them, saying, “Freak.”
Mrs. Joaquin sighed.
“Errol, do you know what time it is?  It’s actually past your bed time and some of the neighbors might be sleeping.  They’ll be disturbed by your noise.”
“I’m sorry, Mommy.  I just can’t hide my excitement.”
He wanted her to leave instantly for he could not bear to smile any longer.
“And why are the curtains open?” She stepped into his room for the window.
Errol gulped and jerked to his feet.  He drastically pulled the curtains close.  He wanted to take a peek where Sunday could be, but he thought it might draw more suspicions.
“Errol?” His mother gazed at him with sheer incredulity and hint of annoyance.
“When I stared at the stars, that was when my idea for my Science project dawned on me.  Celestial bodies are deeply interesting that they unshackle your mind of infinite ideas.  No wonder Pluto was drawn to the sun to the extent of blinding him which he claimed to be a blessing for his curiosity.”
His mother was silenced and then her lips twitched to a smile.
“Wow, Errol.  All the while I thought you got only your father’s genius mind.  It’s a great revelation that you also have a poetic side which you got from me.”
Errol was dumbstruck and looked sideways, bewildered.
“Was Pluto a poet?”
Mrs. Joaquin turned equally bewildered as she furrowed her eyebrows.
“Promise, Mommy,” Errol suddenly spoke out of desperation.  “I won’t do it again.”  He thought it sounded a cliché but at least his last words made his mother leave.  Before she left though, she left him a good night kiss that Errol wiped it off instantly.
When the door closed, he tiptoed towards it and pressed his ear against the cool wood, listening for any sound outside.  It sounded like his mother was treading down the staircase.
Trying his best to minimize any noise, he opened the sliding window cautiously.  He gaped in astonishment to see Sunday hanging on to the gutter without any trace of struggle.
“May I come in?”
“Just don’t make a sound.”
He helped her climb through the window.  She landed on all four and she was stealth as a cat.  
“I’m glad you – “
“Ssshh!  Tone down,” he whispered.  “If my mother and my sister find out that you’re here, they will fume in anger.”
“Is that so?  But they were nice to me this afternoon.”
Errol rolled his eyes.
“Listen to me, if they find out that you’re here, they won’t let you in here forever.”
Sunday paused.  And Errol felt triumphant.
“That sounds unruly but… alright.  I’ll try my best to be quiet.”
“Good.  By the way, where were you the entire evening?”
Sunday sat on the floor beside his bed.
“I explored the park.  I enjoyed the swing.  However, I had to leave when I saw two older boys sniffing a plastic with something that looked like an apple juice.  I just wondered why they had to sniff it when they could actually just drink it.”
Errol’s eyes broadened upon realizing that those could be what his classmates called as rugby boys, addicted to the smell of the orange adhesive.  
“Did they scare you?”
Sunday shook her head.
“No.  I craved for apple juice so I left to look for some but to no avail.  Do you have apple juice?”
Sunday’s sudden change of mood made Errol gawk and think that this girl was eccentric and quite exhausting, really.  He shook his head slowly as a reply. Sunday’s shoulders dropped.
“I’ll let you sleep here in our house but don’t let anyone catch you.”
Sunday gasped in delight.
“Really?  That’s so nice of you.”
He waved his hands for her to keep quiet and she obliged, and mouthed the words thank you.
“Listen, I’m not the typical person who is sensitive to others,” he began.  “But I don’t want you to go roaming around alone at night.”  He was looking at his feet, uncomfortable with what he was saying, although he partly meant what he said.  “I have thought of a plan to get you back home.”
“Tell me about it.”  Sunday’s eyes twinkled.
“We need a lot of water, salt, and your special seeds to induce rain.  Now your seeds, where can I get more of those?”
“Oh!  These are only available in our place.”
“You mean, the rainbow?”
Sunday nodded.
“If we use these seeds to form clouds,” she continued, “these clouds can produce rain and eventually a rainbow will appear.  Not only do you get moisture, I also can get back home.”
“So why don’t you just toss seeds up little by little so that these miniscule clouds could form rain and make you little rainbow steps for your feet to step on?”
“It’s not as easy as it sounds.  In order for me to create massive clouds that will produce rain and rainbow, I have to throw these seeds way up in the sky.”
Errol snapped his fingers.
“That’s what I’ve been thinking as well.  We need a remote control and a small plane.”
“A small plane?
“Yeah.  It’s something that flies.”
“I know what a plane is, Errol.  But where are you going to get a plane?”
Errol’s shoulders dropped and brooded.
“I’ll find one.  I think my father has this old toy plane that he took home from Kuwait last year.”
“Well, it sounds like a great idea.  And I’m excited about it.” Sunday suddenly yawned.  “I’m tired.  Where do I sleep?”
Errol looked around.
“Here.”
Sunday’s forehead creased.
“Under your bed?”
“Yeah.  Be thankful that I didn’t let you sleep in the garage.”
With a sunny disposition, Sunday shrugged her shoulders and crawled under the bed.  In that way, Errol thought that his mother would not see a stranger in his room when she did her nightly check.  He did not reply when Sunday said her good night.  He lay on his back, smiling.  He thought that his plans were going in place.  He could already see himself accepting the accolades from his classmates, especially from the mayor.  As a matter of fact, he fell into a deep sleep with his lips drawn to his ears.



Part 2 - Friday
Chapter 7 - The Proposed Project

“Errol, breakfast is ready!” Bing called out from the staircase.
Errol was all dressed up and mustered a smile that exuded confidence.  He peeked through his window and saw Sunday playing with stones outside the Joaquins’ gate.  Her amusement with the pebbles intrigued an old lady from the neighborhood who was doing her daily morning walk.  
Errol ran to the dining room and as usual ate his breakfast as quickly as possible.  He thought he was fortunate that his mother was still taking a bath so she wouldn’t tell him to slow down.  Stella, across from him, drank her juice as her eyes glued on her brother.
“I’m just wondering, do you still believe in the existence of indigestion?”
Errol ignored her.  Just as when Bing placed the plate on Mrs. Joaquin’s mat, Errol took a big gulp of his juice and ran to the backyard with his cheeks bulging with egg, fried rice, and juice, all mixed up.  Bing’s large eyes watched Errol in incredulity.  And as apathetic as she looked and sounded, Stella remarked, “Forgive my disgusting brother, Ate Bing.”
Outside, Errol knelt down at Buchog’s grave.
“Buchog, I can’t contain my excitement.  I can’t wait to tell my project to Miss Latorena.  You’ll definitely hear the greatest news very soon.”
He patted the soil, and sprinted outside.  Outside the gate, Sunday formed a tower of five pebbles.
“Hey there!  I have a fortress.”
“Impressive.  Now let’s go, I’m going to be late.” Errol said with no bit of enthusiasm.  Sunday embarked on the back of the bicycle as Errol pedaled towards school.

During flag ceremony, Errol got his turn in reciting Panatang Makabayan to the student body.  He had never felt so confident and so proud of himself.  While leading the oath, he saw Sunday hiding behind one of the trees.  But he could tell she was participating when he had a glimpse of her right hand raised in midair too.  He thought everything seemed to be going perfectly fine.

Finally, the class presented their project proposal to Miss Latorena.  The Science teacher approved some, and disapproved some.  It was Errol’s turn when he took a deep breath and marched towards Miss Latorena.
“Yes, Errol.  I’m excited to hear your proposal,” Miss Latorena said, smiling warmly yet sarcastically.
He cleared his throat.
“Miss, I’m thinking of creating a rainmaking cloud.”
He paused.
“Go on.” Miss Latorena rested her elbows on the table.
“The purpose of my project is to answer mankind’s problem of drought especially here in our country when we experience parched lands during summer.  So I am going to create a device that will induce rain.”
Miss Latorena looked at him blankly for a moment.
“It seems a very ambitious and, I hate to say this, an impossible project.”
“I know, Miss.  I have already planned how to execute my project.  I have the necessary materials.  Most of them are recycled.”
Errol watched Miss Latorena staring into blankness.  She tapped her finger on her the table.  She barely blinked.  She heaved a deep breath.  Errol was getting anxious.
“Well, I’m not even sure if you refer to a rainmaking cloud as something literal or rhetorical, but I’ll be more than excited to see how it comes out.  Well, my co-teachers will tell me I’m crazy if I say this but…”
The suspense was actually agonizing for Errol.
 “You can start your proposed project.”
Errol sighed.
“Thank you, Miss.”
Errol gave out a victorious smile.  He leered at Almira.  She was staring at him with wide eyes and gaped mouth.  He grinned and nodded at her, showing off a raised thumb.  Almira thinned her eyes which made him laugh upon taking his seat.  He finalized his project on his notebook by writing the materials and the procedure.  He could smell the additional 15 points on his final exam.  And he thought the 15 points smelled absolutely sweet.



Chapter 8 - The Perfect Plan

Sunday never seemed to get bored while waiting for Errol.  When asked what she did while waiting for him, she said she spent her time in the plaza.  She admired the neatly trimmed bougainvillea flowers and the shady trees.  She spent some time thinking of what to do to get back home.  Errol discussed his project with her in the Joaquins’ front porch.  Papers were scattered on the table, the laptop was right in the middle, and Errol had his attention on it.  Sunday sat beside him and watched him switch on the laptop.
“Wow!  That looks impressive.  This is where your father lives, right?  I saw him in here yesterday.”
Errol snorted and didn’t bother to explain.  Besides, he thought, she wouldn’t understand.  Sunday suddenly laughed.
“Got yah again.  Oh boy, Errol!  When will you ever learn?”
Errol stared at her agape.  Bing came with a tray of juice and some cookies.  She was grinning broadly that Errol could point out all of her teeth.
“Ah!  I remember when I was your age.  I also became close to a boy who I still can’t forget until now.”
“Ate Bing, just go inside, OK?  I’m busy.” Errol said, rolling his eyes.
“Well, of course, my dear, Errol.  I won’t stay long so you two can spend more time together.”
Sunday laughed.
“Thank you so much, Ate Bing,” she said.
Errol shot his finger to the door.  
“Go!”
Bing’s grin abruptly vanished.
“Fine!” She said, and turned away for the door.
“You shouldn’t be that harsh at Ate Bing.  She’s very nice.”
“Why don’t you live here and let’s see if you can stand her for 24 hours?” Errol challenged.  “Anyway, let’s just talk about my project – I mean, the plan to get you home.”
Sunday sat up enthusiastically.
“These are the materials that I need,” he showed the list on the piece of paper.  “According to what I have researched here,” he continued pointing at the monitor of the laptop, “the small planes that are used as what they say as “Toys for Big Boys” can actually fly up to a eight thousand or so feet.  This may be enough for us to create clouds and rain.  By the way, how many seeds do you still have?”
Sunday checked the burlap in her pocket.  
“Good enough for a day’s rain.”
“Perfect!  I suggest you save those seeds.  Don’t use them as you please.”
Sunday nodded.
“I searched for my Daddy’s plane, and I found it stored in the garage.  I’ll ask Uncle Bal to remedy some of the damages.  I think the engine is still working.  The remote control needs new batteries.”
“That’s good news,” said Sunday, her eyes glistened.
“Tomorrow is going to be a very busy day.  We’ll leave the plane to Uncle Bal, and then we’ll buy some other materials that we need.”
Sunday shrugged.
“But we only need the plane and the seeds.  Nothing else, right?”
Errol squinted.
“Can your seeds mix with rock salt?  I don’t want simple rain.  I want a storm.”
“Storm?” Sunday widened her eyes.  Her eyes were astonished and questioning.
Errol chuckled.
“I’m just kidding.  What I mean is, I need a pouring rain not just a drizzle.”
“I got yah!” 
“So can your seeds and salt mix?  Salt according to this when massive can induce clouds,” Errol lightly tapped the laptop monitor.
“I don’t know.  I haven’t tried.”
Errol’s eyebrows furrowed.  He rushed to the kitchen to get some salt.  He furtively looked inside to see if Bing was busy.  She was in the kitchen preparing their dinner.  And to add to his irritation towards her, she was singing one of those he thought annoying songs that she liked. 
“Hurry, your seeds.”
Sunday took out the burlap of seeds.  Errol instructed her to toss up in the air half a handful.  A small cloud formed and it rained.  He grabbed a half handful of salt and tossed them in mid air.  Their eyes glowed upon realizing that the amalgamation of seeds and salt extremely helped.  They formed a bigger cloud and it rained more.  They laughed victoriously and slapped their palms against each other’s.  
“This is it!  I can feel the victory!” Errol declared thinking about winning first place in his Science project.
“Yes, we’ll beat Aryad!” Sunday thought about a bigger effect of their discovery.
Errol’s eyebrows furrowed.
“Aryad who?”
“Aryad, remember?  He is here to invade your world and my world by controlling the temperature.”
“Oh yeah.  Right,” Errol said laconically.  Whatever Sunday was saying even if it meant destroying the whole planet Earth was not his main interest at this point.  All he thought about was his Science project, and winning the first place.
He was about to switch off the laptop when Sunday noticed a picture of him and a white cross-bred dog.  He was coiling his arms round the dog’s neck.  He seemed extremely happy in the picture which was not typical of him.
“Is that your dog?”
Errol paused, staring at the picture, and sighed.
“Yes.”
“What’s his name again?”
“Buchog,” Errol replied quietly, turning off the laptop.
“How long have you been friends?” Sunday asked.
Errol grew irritated.  As much as possible, he didn’t want to talk about his friend.
“Let’s just talk about our plan to save the world, OK?”
“I want to know,” Sunday grew persistent.
Errol sighed in resignation.  
“He’s been with us for just five years but in retrospect, it seemed longer.  He died when he was stricken with flu.”
“I’m sorry to hear that.”
Errol nodded quietly.
“You must be really best friends.”
“Whenever I got home from school, he was always there to greet me at the gate.  He listened to my stories, he studied with me.  Whenever I topped the class, he shared the joy with me.  I was the class valedictorian.  He was my inspiration.  When he died, half of me died too.  I suddenly lost the drive to study.  Until my ranking in school descended to salutatorian.  Since then, I’ve always been the second best.”
Sunday’s chin quivered.  
“Well, there’s nothing wrong with being the second best.”
“You don’t understand.  There’s only one best, that’s why it’s called best.  Get it?”
“But still I won’t feel bad if someone is better than me.  I may be the best in something else.  Does your family pressure you to be the first always?”
Errol shook his head.
“I just want to be like my father who is the best in his field.  I want to go out of the country and share my knowledge.  I just grew up believing that way.”  He looked at Sunday inquisitively.  “Have you ever been pressured to do something really good by your family?”
Sunday shrugged her shoulders.
“Not that I know of.  As a matter of fact, I reckon they don’t think I’m really good at anything.  They’re apathetic with my achievements.”
Errol listened.  He was genuinely enthusiastic this time.
“Really.  Like they didn’t care at all?”
“They didn’t take me totally for granted.  It’s just that my other brothers and sisters are more noticeable than I am.  I guess their achievements are more commendable compared to mine.”
Errol was suddenly struck by a thought.
“You may have not accidentally fallen from the rainbow.  You really did that on purpose.”
Sunday furrowed her eyebrows, chewing a cookie quickly.
“And why would I do that?”
“So that you can save my world and your world from the Aryad guy, and since you’ve done a really great thing, your parents will accolade you.”
“Errol Joaquin, you think too much.  Aryad is highly ambitious that his intentions are harmful to every element of the universe.  He wants massive power.  He wants to gain control of our world and your world.”
“Aryad really has a big psychological problem, I can tell that,” Errol concluded, taking a sip of his juice.  “Going back to your family, how many brothers and sisters do you have?”
“I have two older brothers and two younger sisters.”
Errol gasped.
“You have such a big family.”
“I know,” Sunday said, giggling.  “But it’s fun to be with them.  I suddenly miss them now.  I enjoy playing with them sliding on the rainbows and jumping on different clouds.  My eldest brother is the best cloud jumper while I’m the second best – I mean, he’s better than me.”
“Wow!  That sounds fun.  Lucky for you, I’m stuck with Ate Stella.”
Sunday giggled some more.  
“Oh come on.  She’s nice, I can tell.”
“Again, try to live in my house for 24 hours straight and see if you can handle her - and Ate Bing.”
Sunday laughed.
“But I can say that she’s the coolest sister ever.  My classmates’ older sisters prefer make up and talking about the boys they like.  My sister plays football, and she’s really good at it.  How cool is that!”
“I agree.  Hail to our cool siblings!” Sunday raised her hand in mid air.  She expected Errol to join him but he just shook his head.
“No, I wouldn’t do that yet for my sister.”
Sunday laughed and punched his shoulder.  He was hurt that he even stared indignantly at her while rubbing his hurt shoulder.  He was about to yell at her but her laughter was infectious.  Finally, they laughed together.



Part 3 - Saturday
Chapter 9 - Number 6 in Yellow

Errol and Sunday started out early in the morning.  They dropped by at his Uncle Bal’s house, an electronics technician, to leave the toy plane and remote control.  Then they headed to the wet market to buy rock salt.  Sunday tiptoed from one lane to another, trying to avoid the wet ground caused by the drippings from the vendors’ small kiosks.  One vegetable vendor splashed murky water from a bucket right in front of them.  Sunday screamed but the vendor didn’t seem to notice for she called out to people to buy her tomatoes and string beans.  
“This is outrageous,” Sunday commented.
Errol carried on, looking at one vendor to another.  They finally stopped at an old woman sitting on a low bench with buckets of rock salt, sugar, fish sauce, and cooking oil in front of her. 
“Salt, sugar, fish sauce, oil.  How much do you need?” The old woman recited this in front of Errol like she was designed to say the same thing over and over to attract customers.
“Half a kilo of rock salt,” Errol pointed at the bucket filled with roughly textured white grain.
“Why don’t you make it one kilo?”
“Half a kilo is enough,” he said.
The vendor scooped into the bucket and placed a large quantity in a clear plastic.  Sunday watched attentively when the vendor placed the plastic on a weighing scale and scooped some more until she was satisfied with the weight.  The vendor tied a knot on the plastic and gave it to Errol.
“Don’t eat too much salt, son.  You’ll suffer from kidney stones,” the vendor said when she accepted the payment.  “Salt, sugar, fish sauce, oil.  Buy now, salt, sugar, fish sauce, oil.”  She called out again for her next customer.
“This place is chaotic yet interesting,” Sunday remarked.
“I really don’t want to be in this place.  Let’s get out of here.”
“Oh look who’s here!”
Errol and Sunday stopped when Almira stood right in front of them  
“Oh great!  Now my Saturday is ruined,” Errol commented, rolling his eyes.
Almira raised an eyebrow on the plastic of rock salt in his hands.
“Trying to kill yourself by having kidney stones?  I think it’s such a good idea.”
“No actually this one’s for you.  They say that salt can smoothen electrocuted hair strands.”
Almira’s nostrils flared.  Sunday cupped her mouth with her hands, and giggled.  Almira shot her sight on the new girl.
“Who is she?” she asked without getting her eyes off Sunday.
“Hey there!  My name is Sunday.”
“Sunday.  What a beautiful name,” Almira said with a tone of sarcasm.  “How are you related to this being over here?” She nodded at Errol who was fuming and muttering.
“Oh Errol?  He’s a good friend.”
Almira shifted her attention to Errol, nodding and smiling malevolently.
“A good friend, huh?”
“Just get out of our way for crying out loud,” Errol said, pushing Almira off his path.
However, Almira abruptly stood on his tracks that caused him to stop on his toes.  Her towering height was one of her advantages in intimidating an opponent.
“But I will not get off my place for you, remember that,” she said in a low threatening tone.
“Don’t be so overconfident, Almira.  Your glorious days will finally be over soon.”
Errol and Almira were standing so close that they could smell each other’s breath.  Amidst the chaotic wet market where vendors all together shouted on the top of their lungs to buy their goods, Errol and Almira’s world was hushed in a competitive mood.  Not one of them dared to get off the way.  If one of them moved, they psychologically thought that he or she lost in the silent duel of intimidating stare game.
“Oh so you’re Almira.”
Errol and Almira came back to the real world when they turned their heads to Sunday.  
“Yes, that’s me,” Almira said with a flair of arrogance and bewilderment.
“Errol tells me a lot of things about you.”
“What?” Errol shook his head, squinting at what he heard.  How dare could she lie?  He never wanted to even mention Almira’s name when he’s at home.  And he never even wanted a memory of her once he stepped in his house.  As much as possible, he dealt with his other classmates – anybody but Almira – before he went home so his last memory of his classmates for the day would be others in his class and definitely not her.  
“And he’s right all along,” Sunday continued blithely like she was enjoying the lie.
Almira’s lips twitched to her ears.
“Tell me about it.”
“He told me that you have a hair of dying worms.  You have a voice of a woodpecker.  And your intelligence is overrated for you have to exert millions or billions of neurons in order for you to process a task which a barracuda can achieve.”
Almira gawked.  She was completely frozen and speechless when Errol and Sunday left laughing their hearts out.
“I must admit.  That was rad!” Errol said.
They slapped their palms together and continued their way out of the wet market.
*****
Errol’s Uncle Bal was able to mend the toy plane and the remote control.  Errol and Sunday worked together in studying the blueprint he made.  They sat on the floor of the Joaquins’ front porch as a glass each of lubricant, salt, and water were everywhere.  It was quite a chaotic sight that made Bing fume under her breath.  
“Don’t spill the oil on the floor,” she said.  “It takes a lot of work to remove the oil completely.”
“Nothing to worry, Ate Bing,” Sunday assured her, “we’ll be extra careful.  Right, Errol?”
As if Errol didn’t hear anything.  He continued to polish the toy plane’s propellers.  Bing rolled her eyes and shook her head.
“I better get inside.  It’s too warm out here,” Bing said and left the two busy children.
“I notice it too.”
“What?” Errol looked up at Sunday inquisitively without even stopping from wiping the propellers.
“It is too warm,” Sunday replied.  “I bet Aryad is almost here.  We have to finish this as soon as possible.”
Errol nodded.  Mrs. Joaquin came out of the house.
“Wow!  Are you going to revive your father’s plane, son?”
“It’s for my Science pro – I mean, this would serve an important purpose,” Errol finally shammed.
“It’s actually for us to sa – hmmpp!”
Errol abruptly covered Sunday’s mouth with the dirty cloth.
“Errol, take that off from her now,” Mrs. Joaquin angrily and worriedly said, as Errol snatched his hand from her.  Sunday wiped the lubricant from her mouth.
“That tastes horrendous.  Yuck!”
“Sorry!” Errol glared at her.  
Mrs. Joaquin looked at her son in resignation.  
“We’re going to watch your sister’s football.  Come on, let’s go.”
“But Mommy.  This is important.”
“Yes, it is,” Sunday seconded.
“Whatever it is you’re doing I understand it is important – “
“You do?” Sunday asked with a glimmer of hope in her eyes.
“Yes.  But we have to watch Stella’s game.  We should show our support for her.”
“But – “
“Let’s go.  We planned to do this a long time ago.  You can join us too, Sunday.”
Errol and Sunday looked at each other quietly.  They implicitly asked, what now?  Mrs. Joaquin was adamant.  The two hopeless children tidied their materials in a corner of the porch, and followed Mrs. Joaquin out of the house.  
As they embarked a tricycle, Mrs. Joaquin had no clue that Errol and Sunday were quietly looking at each other worriedly.  Sunday looked up.  It was a clear blue sky.  Errol wiped his sweaty forehead on the sleeve of his shirt.  Though the tricycle was moving fast, the wind was as hot as a burning coal.
The game had already started when Errol, Sunday, and Mrs. Joaquin arrived.  They snaked through the excited crowd which was dominated by high school students.  Mrs. Joaquin finally found a spot close to the bench of Stella’s team.
“There she is,” Mrs. Joaquin told Errol, pointing at Stella who was running after the other team’s player. 
Stella and her teammates were wearing a yellow jersey and black shorts.  The opposing team had its players don royal blue jersey and shorts.  The players looked all burned up, but they didn’t care about the heat of the afternoon sun.  They all wore a game face which Errol thought he liked to do whenever he faced a challenge against Almira.
The ball was caught by the tall goalkeeper, and the crowd cheered.
“Go Felines!” A group of high school students behind Errol shouted at the top of their lungs.
“Who’re the Felines?” Sunday asked.
“Stella’s team.  And the other team is called The Hawks,” Errol replied.
“Go Felines!” Sunday cheered at the top of her lungs, and clapped.
Stella bent on her knees to rest momentarily.  Her last name arched on the back of her jersey, and a large number 6, stitched in black.
Errol’s attention was divided though.  He was half-engaged with the game, and he was also thinking of his Science project which would be due on Monday.  He glanced at the giant digital clock to his right, and the scoreboard.  The time was 15 minutes and running, and the score of both teams was zero.  He thought, how could this be an interesting game when a quarter of the game had passed and no one had scored yet?  Basketball was more interesting to him.  At least, each team could score as much as a hundred in a game.  
“It’s very warm today, isn’t it?” said a high school girl behind Mrs. Joaquin.
“I agree,” Mrs. Joaquin told Errol and Sunday, assuming that they heard the girl’s complaint.  “Summer should be in a couple of months but it’s now sticky hot.  The weather hasn’t been friendly for the past few days.”
Errol and Sunday looked at each other.
“He’s coming,” Sunday said worriedly.
Errol nodded quietly.
“Look at the sky,” Sunday said as both looked up.  “It’s blue as the ocean.  It’s deceiving us from something destructive that’s about to happen.”
Their attention was deviated when the crowd grew wild.  Mrs. Joaquin even screamed and jumped, waving her hands in the air.
Number 32 in yellow passed the ball to Number 11 in yellow.  Number 7 in blue slid under Number 11 in yellow, and kicked the ball to Number 21 in blue.  Number 21 in blue ran kicking the ball towards the goal when Number 18 in yellow stole the ball and passed it to Number 13 in yellow.  Number 13 in yellow stalled the ball under her foot and kicked it as far as reaching the other half of the field.  Number 9 in yellow buttheaded the ball and passed it to Number 6 in yellow.  Number 11 in yellow, assisted, running rapidly, kicking the ball towards the goal.  Goalkeeper in blue stretched her arms and legs, preparing to secure the ball from the goal.  Number 11 in yellow passed the ball to Number 6 in yellow, as Number 6 in yellow kicked the ball for the goal.  The goalkeeper in blue jumped as the ball passed through her parallel stretched out arms.  The ball shot right in the net.
The crowd cheered triumphantly.  Errol and Sunday shot their fists in the air, their screams drowned in the jubilant cries of most spectators.  The girls in yellow flocked Stella.  Her eyes grew big and they looked so much alive.  Errol watched his sister sharing the joy of victory to her teammates.  She was not the same laconic girl that used to be when she was at home.  Her eyes were glowing, her actions were snappy.  Errol thought that this personality of Stella was way likeable than her other personality at home.  He glanced at the scorecard.  Home got one, and Visitor got zero.
“That was a great shot,” Sunday said, looking at Errol who was clapping slowly, shaking his head.
“She did it again,” Errol said, smiling.
“That’s not the way to do it,” Sunday referred to his accolade which was more acceptable in an opera house.  “This is how you do it.”  She clapped rapidly and screamed.
Errol laughed, and mimicked her.
The game had ended with a score of 3-2 in favor of the Yellow Felines.  Errol and his mother called Stella.  They ran towards each other meeting halfway, the barb-wired fence divided them.
“You did great, Stella, I’m so proud of you.”
“Thank you, Mommy,” Stella smiled, and nodded at Errol.
Errol nodded back minus the smile. 
“What can you say?  Am I good or what?”
Errol shrugged his shoulders.
“Number 32 is way better than you.  You got lucky to have that perfect position when no one was around you.”
Mrs. Joaquin nudged his arm, laughing.  Errol didn’t want to admit that he was proud of his sister.  She was inevitably a great football player.  Their team could not win if not for her speed - physically and strategically.  She was a fast runner.  She also knew how to control the ball whenever she needed to pass it to her teammates.  Errol didn’t want to verbally point out all her strengths.  He thought it would be better to keep them to himself.  Besides, he found it corny to praise his sister.  Anyway, Stella would feel the same if he did.
Stella parted from them, rejoining her teammates.  Fans flocked the field, taking pictures of their favorite players, and even posing with them.
“Let’s go, Errol.  Your sister will have a victory party with her teammates.”
Errol nodded.  He paused when he found Sunday staring at the football field.  He almost completely forgot about her.
“Hey!”
Sunday snapped to her senses, and ran down from the bleachers to the Joaquins.  They followed Mr. Joaquin who was leading their way, dodging from spectators.
“Errol, the football field,” Sunday said blithely.
“What about it?”
“It’s an open area.  It’s a perfect place to do our plan.”
Errol glanced at the busy football field.
“Wouldn’t we be too obvious?”
“Of course we’ll do it when no one’s around.”
Errol nodded.



Chapter 10 - The Flight of the Mechanical Bird

They continued their impeded work when they got home.  Errol manipulated the toy plane with the remote control.  The plane’s propellers spun, and the wheels followed.  The plane slid on the floor of the porch.  Sunday gaped in awe.
“Can it fly?”
Errol pressed a button, and in a second, the plane was a few inches above the floor.  Then the wheels skidded on the porch floor again.
“This area is too small.  My father and I fly the plane in a wide open area.”
“That’s why the football field is the perfect place.”
Errol nodded.  “You’re right.  Let’s go and try it.”
They jumped on her toes when Bing showed up.
“Hep, hep, hep!  Where are you two going?”
Errol sighed and thought that Ate Bing always appeared at a wrong time.
“We’re just going to fly the plane,” said Errol, marching towards the gate.
“Ate!  Ate!  Errol is leaving the house.  Ate!” Bing’s squeaky voice was undeniably irritating.  
“Errol!”
“Oh doom!” Errol muttered, and spun towards his mother.
“Where are you going?”
“Mommy, Sunday and I are just going to fly the plane.”
“Where?”
“In the football field, Mrs. Joaquin.”
Errol slapped his forehead.  He could’ve lied if Sunday didn’t interfere.  Because of Sunday’s response, Mrs. Joaquin gaped.
“The sun is setting.  It could be pretty dangerous for children like you to roam around the football field without an adult.”
“But, Mommy – “
“You can fly that plane tomorrow.  Sunday, don’t you think your parents are getting worried that you’re not home yet?”
“I understand, Mrs. Joaquin.  Tomorrow, Errol,” Sunday said, her shoulders dropped.
Errol quietly watched Sunday leap out of the gate.  He sighed when he walked back to the front porch.  He took a furious glance at Bing, but she was not affected at all.  She was smiling like a wicked witch had gotten what she had wanted.  He pushed his way through without looking at his mother.
“Flying the plane with Sunday?” Stella said who was sitting on the living room sofa.  Her eyes were glued on the television.  “That’s a good start.  I heard Mommy fell in love with Daddy because of that.”  She turned to Errol with those lazy eyes, and drew her lips to her right ear.  She was back to her laconic personality again.
Errol rolled his eyes, and ran to his room.  He closed the door, and opened his window.  He looked at the horizon.  Nothing but a still twilight lay upon his searching eyes.  His eyes ran from right to left to right again, finding something – someone.  The bush next to Buchog’s grave rustled.  There he could see peering eyes.  He resigned on his desk, pretending to do some undone homework, leaving the window open.



Part 4 - Sunday
Chapter 11 - Save the World… Now?

“Mommy, can I stay home after going to church?”
“But we promised your Ate Stella that we’ll eat out and celebrate her team’s victory.”
Errol wore his best looking sneakers that his father bought from Kuwait.
“I know.  But my Science project is due tomorrow.  I haven’t tested it yet.  You told me and Sunday to fly the plane in the football field today instead.”
Mrs. Joaquin sighed as she slid her red lipstick on her lower lip, and puckered her lips.  Now both lips shared the same red color.  
“How about your lunch?  That’s been a tradition why we go to the mall every Sunday after hearing mass.”
“Don’t worry, Ate.  I’ll buy his lunch for him,” Bing said, clearing the dining table.
“Please don’t forget, Bing.  Here, buy whatever he wants.”
Bing accepted the money, and she placed it on top of the refrigerator so that she wouldn’t miss it.  Errol really didn’t want Bing’s make-believe initiative.  He thought that she was trying to impress his mother, and his mother was blind enough not to notice.  

After mass, Errol went home while his mother and sister went to the mall.  He heard their plans of pampering themselves with hand and foot spa after lunch.  Errol was thankful not to join them.  He would just sleep in the waiting area while waiting for the girls’ favorite relaxation.  
As soon as he got home, he took the toy plane and the other materials with him. 
“Hep, hep, hep!  Where are you going?” Bing asked, her arms folded on her chest.
“I’m going to the football field to test my Science project.  I already told Mommy about it, and she said yes.  So, can I go now?” Errol smiled sarcastically at Bing which irritated her.
“How about your lunch?”
“I’m not hungry.  Or you can buy chicken with spaghetti from the fastfood.  I don’t want the wing.  I want the leg part.”
Bing grimaced, rolling her eyes.
“Yes, sir.  Is there anything else, sir?” She was obviously being sarcastic.
“Just stop talking for crying out loud,” Errol said as he marched his way to the gate.  Bing mimicked him quietly, and stomped inside the house.
Outside the gate, Sunday was waiting.  She volunteered to carry some of the materials they needed.  They took a tricycle to the football field.  The field was empty. Only a group of four high school students jamming with their own guitars in the bleachers were present in the deserted field.  Errol and Sunday selected a spot far from the high school students’ sight.  
“Where are your seeds?”
Sunday gave the small bag.
Errol mixed half a handful of salt and seeds in one pocket-sized bag, and another in a different bag.  He attached the small bags to a latch on either side of the wings of the plane.  Errol started the engine.
Sunday wiped the sweat from her forehead.  It was an extremely hot day.  When the propellers started to rotate, Errol and Sunday nodded at each other.
“Let’s start this thing now,” Errol said.
Sunday nodded.  Her smile was a mixture of excitement and anxiety.  Errol pressed a button, and the plane took off one foot, and then two feet, and then three feet, until it was about fifteen feet from the ground.  Errol and Sunday emaciated their eyes from the glare of the sun.  The plane flew to the right and then to the left, based on Errol’s control.  
“Here it goes.” He thumbed a mini joystick to the left.  The left wing’s flapper bent that caused the latch to loosen grip of the small bag.  Not for long, the bag spilled the amalgamated salt and seeds.  It formed a pillow of cloud.  And the cloud evaporated by means of mini rain.  The rain lasted for about a couple of minutes which was enough to water several pots of plants.  As soon as the rain stopped, a rainbow was formed from the position of the cloud as the plane hovered above it.  Errol and Sunday watched in awe without realizing their lips were drawn to their ears.  
“Higher, Errol.  Higher.”
Errol controlled the plane to a higher altitude.  Errol’s thumb pushed the mini joystick to the right.  The right wing’s flapper bent in rustic movement, and the second small bag formed another cloud which created another downpour.  Sunday ran under the cloud, and spun under the rain.  Then the rain ceased and it formed another colorful bow.  Errol parked the plane on a drier ground.  He found the bags were completely empty.
“That was awesome!” Errol ran to Sunday as they slapped their palms together.
“I’ve never been this happier.  We’re going to make it, Errol.  We’re going to make it.”
Errol nodded.  He noticed that Sunday’s cheeks became roseate and her black dress and pair of boots washed away the dark hue, and was substituted by off white.  There were patches of red and yellow on her dress too.  He briefly wondered how she got those stains but he dismissed them soon. 
“We have to use all the seeds, Errol.  Let’s do it now.”
“No wait.”
Sunday looked at him, bewildered.
“We have to wait for tomorrow.”
“What?  Errol, what if Aryad comes today?  We have to act now!”
“You don’t understand,” Errol searched for answers.  Finally, he saw a father and son coming into the field.  The toddler was practicing his walking skills while his father was following him.  “Sunday, the child.”
“What about the child?”
“The father and the child.  And the students jamming with their guitars.  Think about them.”
“I don’t get it.” Sunday gawked at the other people present in the football field.
“They are not used to witnessing things like… what we did.” Errol groped for the right words.
“But it’s for the good of our worlds.”
“The people of my world will not realize it,” Errol scrambled for a good excuse.  “Why do you think I have to hide you from my family every night?  Why do you think I have to stop you from talking about our plan of saving the world whenever we’re around other people?  Sunday, the people of my world will react differently.  We have different ways in saving the world.  They might condemn you,” he said the last sentence slowly which somehow saddened Sunday.
“So what do we do now?”
Errol looked around.  The toddler lost his balanced and his father immediately came to the rescue.  The jamming high school students were already reaching crescendo.
“Tomorrow is a Monday.  Everyone would be at work or in school.  Which means no one will bother to come here to the football field because everybody’s busy.”
Sunday didn’t say a word but she listened intently at Errol. 
“We’ll do this tomorrow.  Wait for me here in the morning.  Do not go to school for they might suspect that we’re up to something especially Almira.” Errol ran his Science class schedule in mind.  It was always every morning, right after the flag ceremony.  “Is that clear, Sunday?”
Sunday smiled.
“Yes.  I’ll wait for you here tomorrow.  I won’t go anywhere.  I promise.”
Errol sighed in relief.  But he felt he shouldn’t be complacent.
“I’ll be bringing all the materials with me.  And that would include your seeds.”
Errol swallowed hard when Sunday didn’t move.  Then she reached for the small bag in her pocket, and gave it to Errol.
“Just be careful with the seeds.  Those are the only ones that I have left.”
Errol nodded.  He wasn’t sure if he would feel completely elated because he was quite guilty with the lie he committed.  But on the brighter side, he thought, he would be winning the Science project.



Part 5 - Monday
Chapter 12 - The Rainbow Maker Project

It’s judgment day.  Before going to school, Errol visited Buchog’s grave.  
“This is it.  I’m going to win this.  I can feel it.”
He patted the dirt underneath the cross.  He went back inside the house and gathered his Science project materials.  He checked his bag again if he brought the seeds.  They’re extremely important, he thought.  
He didn’t ride his bicycle this time.  Bing helped him get a tricycle.
“Where’s your girlfriend?”
Instead of snapping at her, he gave her a sarcastic grin.
“She’s actually waiting for me at school.  Happy?” He concluded by rolling his eyes.
Bing raised an eyebrow and hailed a tricycle.  The moment Errol rode the tricycle, he maintained a game face.  Upon arrival in school, some of his classmates cast his plane a curious look coupled with astonishment.  
“Wow, Errol!  What’s your project going to be?” Rhoen asked, dragging a sack filled with only Errol knew what.
“Just wait a see,” Errol said without giving any information.  He quickened his pace to the classroom ignoring Rhoen’s plea to wait for him.  
Errol met most of his classmates scrambling around the classroom.  It was as chaotic as in the wet market.  
“Coming through, coming through,” Errol announced as he dashed his way to his seat.
Curious and awed eyes cast on his plane.  They began to flock him and asked him about his project.  Enjoying the attention he was getting, he didn’t give further details to induce more interest from his classmates.  He glanced at Almira’s seat.  There he found her clamoring for scissors.  He smiled.  He thought that she seemed to be getting some problems with her project.  
The doorbell rang which was their cue to leave their classroom as they lined up for the flag ceremony.  Errol tucked the bag of seeds deep in his pocket.  These seeds were rare and he could definitely never buy them in stores.  
“Arms forward.”
Miss Latorena was bombarded with greetings from her advisory class.  No one was selected from their class to lead in the flag ceremony.  Besides the tension they were experiencing for their project would be enough pressure for them that day.  The student body was not sent to the classrooms right after the flag ceremony like the usual.  A corpulent bespectacled white-haired man mounted the stage and took a microphone to his chest.  He cleared his throat.  
“Good morning, students.” His big voice thundered the school, intimidating the whole student body that brought them to their proper decorum.
“Good morning, Mr. Fuego,” the students replied in chorus.
“Today is a significant day especially for your fellow schoolmates in Grade 5-SSC.  They will showcase their project that would help the environment as well as the society.  What is our motto again in saving the environment?”
“Reuse.  Renew.  Recycle,” replied the students altogether.
“Very good.  The Science project is not just a simple project to help save our environment.  The students from Grade 5-SSC will compete against one another for the coveted honor of being a certified environment advocate.  To help me judge the projects is our honorable mayor, Mayor Jose Camacho.  Mayor.”
A tall and slender man walked up the stage.  The students clapped and whispered enthusiastically about the young mayor.  
“Good morning, students.”
“Good morning, Mayor.  Mabuhay!” The students greeted back like they were trained to do so.  As a matter of fact, the mabuhay part sounded robotic and theatrical.
“Good morning, teachers and Mr. Fuego.  I am honored to be part of the judging committee of the Grade 5-SSC’s Science project which is spearheaded by Miss Latorena.”
The students especially the boys gave out an enamored scream for the teacher.  Blushing, Miss Latorena nodded at the student body, giving out a meager smile. 
“It seems that Miss Latorena has a lot of fans in this school,” said the mayor that made Miss Latorena as well as the teachers beside her laugh.  “Our environment is one of the most important things that we need to take care of.  If we take our environment for granted, it will backfire at us.  For example, we throw our trash on the streets.  However, once these trashes are accumulated and comes the torrential rain, these trashes will cause flood.  Is that correct?” The mayor seemed to be enjoying playing the role of a teacher.
“Yes, Mayor.”
“So in our own simple ways, let us help one another in saving Mother Earth.  Just like your school’s motto about the environment.  Reuse.  Renew.  Recycle.  I am confident that you are all creative in recycling things that are thought to be trash but as a matter of fact can be useful in other ways.  Thank you, and good morning once again.”
The mayor quickly concluded his speech when he saw some students wiping their sweat off their forehead, and fanning their hands under their chins.  The students and the teachers, however, clapped as the mayor handed the microphone to the principal.
“Thank you, Mayor.  Dear students, your advisers will give you the schedule on when to see the project of the students of Grade 5-SSC.  Teachers, please lead your students now to their classrooms.”
The students, aided by their homeroom teachers, made their way to the classrooms.  The classroom of the students of Grade 5-SSC was noisier than ever.  The chaos subsided when Miss Latorena came.
“Class, please bring your projects now to the main hall.  And please do it quietly and orderly.”
The class did not seem to hear the second part of her orders until Miss Latorena slapped the board that abruptly silenced her students.
“Class, I told you to please go to the main hall quietly and orderly!  No one will go to the hall if someone violates.”
She scanned each one of the stunned students and breathed heavily through her nostrils.
“Now go,” her voice was calm but still authoritative.
Since Miss Latorena was in charge of the Science project which also seemed like a Science fair, she couldn’t help being nervous for her students as well.  The students tried their best to be as quiet and orderly as possible.  Errol was the first in line.  He paused at the door of the main hall when he found long tables arranged in a huge horseshow.  On the table were name plates with their first names and a number.  Errol found his name plate right in the middle of the formation.  His number was 8.  
Perfect!  That’s my lucky number.
He carefully placed his materials on his spot.  Miss Latorena assisted them with their last minute touch ups.  Finally, the principal of the school and the mayor arrived.
“Good morning, Mr. Fuego.  Good morning, Mayor.”
The two men greeted back.  Each of them was holding a pen and a clipboard securing sheets of paper.  With them was a tall bespectacled woman with short curly hair who was introduced as Mrs. Palma, the Area Supervisor of Science and Technology from the Division’s Office.  Mr. Fuego and the mayor inspected each project together, starting with Almira’s project.  Mrs. Palma, on the other hand, scrutinized the other project first on the other side of the horseshoe formation.  Errol rubbed his palms together.
“This is more nerve-wracking than the final exam,” Jayrel commented who was standing beside Errol.
Errol watched Almira’s project from afar.  He could not hear what she was saying because of the collected noise, yet he could tell what her project was all about.  Almira quickly cut a yellow plastic bag into shreds and dug them underneath a small pile of soil.  She planted a small plant into the soil, and patted the soil flat to support the plant.  Then she took a plastic bottle, punched the bottom with a barbecue stick, and poured water into it causing the water to flow through the punched holes to the plant.  When the water was drained, she took flowers made of notebook sheets and pasted them on the sides of the plastic bottle.  The principal and the mayor grinned, nodding which made Almira smile broadly.  The two judges wrote their comments on the paper and moved on to the next project.  
The closer the judges were getting to Errol, the more he felt butterflies in his stomach.  He couldn’t stand still as he anxiously watched the judges listening and watching the presenters.  It might have been the fate of the three judges to meet at Errol’s project.  
“Yes, Errol.  What is your project all about?” Mr. Fuego’s eyes were glued on the plane.
Errol swallowed hard.
“I would like to invite you outside to showcase my project.”
The judges looked at one another.  Miss Latorena looked equally bewildered.
“Well, then.  Outside we shall go,” Mr. Fuego said.
Errol led the way out of the hall as the judges, Miss Latorena, and all of his classmates followed.
“What are you going to do, Errol?” 
“Just wait and see, Rhoen.  You’re about to witness the most amazing thing to unfold right before your eyes.”
All Rhoen could do was to gape in sheer astonishment.  Errol’s response brimming with confidence brought a smile on the mayor’s face.  The sweltering heat was not a hindrance for him to show his project.  He laid all his materials on the ground.  His eyes emaciated because of the sunlight.  He was the only one under the sun, while the others opted to stay under the shade.  
“It’s warm, isn’t it?” Errol began.  “If you notice, it seems that we are experiencing El Niño these days.  The heat directly and indirectly affects us.  The heat easily dehydrates us.  Our farmers need rain too for their crops to grow.  Without enough moisture, drought can lead to starvation because of the dehydrated crops.  My project will induce rain and the end of it, it will produce a rainbow.  The rainbow is the climax of my project because it not only shows the positive result that the rain brings, but it also brings smile to people.”
He continued to smile that convinced the judges, Miss Latorena, and some of his classmates.  He found Almira’s arms crossed on her chest, her lips protruding, yet she was curious.
“Without further ado, I’ll demonstrate to you my project which I call the Rainbow Maker Project.”
“The Rainbow Maker Project.  Wow!” Mr. Fuego smiled and glanced at the mayor and the other judge who were also smiling, nodding.
“First, I found this toy plane in our garage.  This will carry the essential elements of the rainbow maker.  On either side of the plane, I will attach bags that would include rock salt and seeds.”
“Seeds?  What kind of seeds?” Mrs. Palma asked.
“Any kind of seed, Ma’am,” Errol lied.  He anticipated this question and he tried to sound convincing.  Mrs. Palma and the other judges nodded.  
“What I will do is I’ll fly the plane, press a button on the remote control, and the bag will flap open which will form a cloud, and then rain, and finally a rainbow.”
But one could tell that everybody was intrigued on what would happen and how Errol could make it possible.  He demonstrated his project.  He pressed a button that led the propellers of the plane to move rapidly.  Then the plane took off a meter above the ground.  Errol pushed the mini joystick to the right that caused the right wing to flip and the bag spilled particles of salt and seeds.  The spectators watched in awe when the amalgamation of salt and seeds formed a cumulus cloud which produced rain.  The spectators gasped, astounded by the peculiar yet amazing phenomenon right before their eyes.  Errol’s thumb played with the mini joystick again which made the left wing of the plane pour more grains of salt and seeds.  Rain emanated from another thick cloud.  Both clouds poured rain for almost a couple of minutes.  And after the rain, the appearance of the two sets of prism of light brought sheer joy and relief to Errol.  It was a success!  Jubilant cheers were expressed when the clouds formed two colorful arches.  The judges clapped and Errol thought it was the best day of his life.  He went back inside the hall as his classmates congratulated him like he was the man of the hour.  
“That is an impressive project, young man.”
“Thank you, Ma’am,” Errol said, gratified by Mrs. Palma’s accolade.
“May I ask again, what kind of seeds did you use?”
“Well, Ma’am, the ones that I used are seeds of flowers that I found in our backyard.”
Nodding to the response, Mrs. Palma looked at Mr. Fuego and Mayor Camacho.  
“I see.  This may be a breakthrough that our agriculture experts have overlooked,” she commented.  “Seeds of flowers.”
“I agree,” the mayor said.  “Good job, young man.”
“Thank you, Mayor,” Errol said with his lips drawn to his ears.
Mr. Fuego congratulated him too, and the judges moved on to the next projects.  Errol never felt so good.  It was like the whole universe was aligned with him. 
“Good job, Errol.  I must admit I didn’t see that coming,” Miss Latorena said.
“Thank you, Miss.  I’ve poured all my thoughts into this project.”
Miss Latorena smiled and checked her other students.  Errol could already feel the 15 points.  As a matter of fact, they brought shivers to his spine.



Chapter 13 - The Verdict

Before the end of the period, the judges were deliberating on the projects.  Mr. Fuego announced that the winning project will be revealed after recess time.  Soon, students from different grades and sections began to flock the hall as they too surveyed the projects.  Since Errol was running out of seeds, Errol requested Miss Latorena that he would show his project once.  His teacher agreed.  Errol’s project was the most popular that most students could not stop talking about it.
After recess, the students gathered around the hall.  None of the students of Grade 5-SSC were eager to take their midmorning snacks.  The principal of the school mounted on the stage. 
“Before we announce the top three projects, I would like to congratulate the pupils of Grade 5-SSC for their remarkable work,” began Mr. Fuego.  “You all did a brilliant job.  I am sure most of you here will be great contributors to the welfare of our environment.”
The student body clapped.
“Let me give the floor to our honorable mayor to announce the winners.”
When the mayor stepped on to the stage, Errol swallowed hard.  His heart was beating fast like it wanted to get out of his chest.  The mayor put on his reading glasses and studied the paper in his hand.
“I personally would like to congratulate all of you for an exquisite job.  I will announce the third place winner.”
The students began murmuring anxiously which abruptly stopped by occasional shushes.
“Third place goes to this group; for the judges and I believe that Science is not only about our environment and the universe.  Science starts with ourselves.  This means that if we observe proper diet, this may help generate the proper energy that we exude that our environment needs.”
Excited giggles emanated from the back of the pack.  Murmurs about fried cricket sandwich waved around.
“Congratulations to the third place winner.  Number 6.  Kim, Vern, and Galilee.”
The same giggling girls jumped for joy and ran to the stage.  Kim received the certificate handed by Mrs. Palma.  The students cheered for the third place winners.
“Allow me to say this but the judges and I were hard up in deciding who would win second and first place.  Second place goes to a very ambitious project that left all of us awestruck,” continued the mayor.
Errol’s heart beat fast.  He was sure he was able to astound everybody with his project.  But he did not want to hear his name yet.  Not for second place.  
“Congratulations to Number 8.  Errol.”
The students cheered jubilantly.  There were some murmurs though that said if Errol only got second, who could be the first place winner like they had no idea which group was able to surpass his project.  Errol on the other hand was stunned.  Again he did not want to hear his name yet.  He did not expect to go to the stage soon.  
“Errol, you won.” Rhoen pushed him cheerfully.
Errol felt his feet heavy.  He could not even lift his right foot to move forward.  He looked up at Miss Latorena.  She was smiling and nodding at him, clapping her hands.  That was when he walked to the stage but everything else seemed like a blur.  He received his certificate from Mrs. Palma.  The board of judges shook his hand.  Everybody around him were all smiles, but he could not bring his lips to his ears.  
“The first place winner has shown a simple yet practical way of saving the environment especially at a time like this when we experience drought,” said the mayor.  “We have chosen this project to win first place because each and everyone of us can do this in our own homes.  The winning project has used mostly recycled products.”  The mayor paused for suspense.  “Congratulations to Number 1.  Almira.”
A shrill cry emanated from the front of the pack as the rest of the students congratulated her.  Errol’s shoulders sank.  He did not dare turn his head towards her when she approached the stage but he could tell in the corner of his eye that she was springing.  The winners were congratulated once again by the judges, teachers, and classmates.  Errol stood weakly on stage.  Miss Latorena approached him.
“Hey, Errol.  You made it.  Congratulations!”
Errol smiled weakly that made his teacher sigh.
“I know what you’re feeling.  But I want you to know that you did an excellent job.”
“Thank you, Miss,” he replied and left the stage.  He walked out of the hall giving his Science project a glance.  As instructed by Miss Latorena, the students should leave their project in the hall for other students to see again.
Errol suddenly froze when he found Sunday standing still amidst the crowd.  She did not look like the usual cheerful Sunday that he knew.  She bore a face that meant she was betrayed.  He did not dare to approach her.  In fact, he slowly treaded to his classroom.  Sunday marched towards him.
“I can’t believe I’ve been so stupid to fall for your lies.”  Her voice was low that Errol could only look at his shoelaces.  “Are you still with me in saving the world?”
Errol grimaced.
“What’s the use?” He snapped.  “And stop with your nonsense talk about saving the world.  After this, everything’s not worth it.” 
Tears welled in Sundays eyes.  
“Errol, why can’t you accept the fact that not all things go your way all the time?  Why can’t you accept defeat gracefully?  It’s not yet the end of the world, you know.”
Sunday was inviting spectators, leering at her and Errol who was avoiding her eyes.  
“Why can’t you accept that your father is not coming home this summer because of work?  What about that sweet boy, Rhoen, who’s persistent in becoming your friend?  Why don’t you want to accept his friendship?  And why can’t you accept that Buchog is dead?”
For a moment, Errol was about to raise his fist towards her face.  But he felt a heavy weight that pulled his wrist down - and this was his will.  He stared at Sunday who was panting, her face was red in anger, and her tears were like rivers flowing on her burning cheeks.
“Excuse me, I believe you are not a student in this school.  How did you get in here?” Mr. Fuego suddenly interfered.  He was calm yet showed a stance of authority just like any teacher defending their own students.
“I’m sorry,” Sunday said and ran towards the gate.
“Hey – “
“Sir, she’s my friend.  She just gave me my lunch.”
Errol felt a lump in his throat especially when he said the word friend.  And he felt a stab on his chest whenever he recalled Sunday’s verbal attack on him.  
“Sir, I’ve met her before,” Miss Latorena explained to the school principal.  “She’s Errol’s friend.  Let’s go back to the classroom then,” Miss Latorena said, tapping Errol’s shoulder.
Errol lost to Almira.  Sunday slapped him with questions that shook his mind with hurtful realizations.  He thought that everything was too much to handle.  He felt his feet grew heavy, and every step he made was like a chore.  



Chapter 14 - More Lies

Mr. Guerra was discussing fractions.  He glanced at the students above the rim of his reading glasses.
“Clear?”
“Yes, Sir,” the class replied together.
“Don’t say Yes, Sir to me and you get a failing mark on your quiz again,” his voice thundered which scared his students more.  “Is everything clear?”
There was no reply.  The line between his eyebrows furrowed deeper.
“Am I talking to the walls?” He shouted.
“Yes, Sir,” the students replied, jumping on their seats.
Mr. Guerra’s eyes broadened.
“Am I talking to the walls?” His voice was louder with a tone of confirmation and incredulity.
“No, Sir.” The students were totally rattled by Mr. Guerra’s booming voice yet they managed to respond in chorus like neophyte soldiers in training camp.
Despite the military hysteria in the classroom, Errol was numb to feel the tension.  He looked outside at the glaring sun which was at its peak.  Mr. Guerra’s voice was muffled by Sunday’s which was an amalgamation of anger and disappointment.  
And why can’t you accept that Buchog is dead?
He suppressed himself in punching his armrest.  He lost in the Science project competition against Almira.  His family vacation in Bohol was spoiled because of his father’s work.  He already lost his friend, Buchog, who was his confidant then.  No one could replace his best friend.  Though no one could take the place of Buchog in Errol’s heart, he thought new friendship could be possible.  Just like his newborn friendship with Sunday.  Perhaps Rhoen could make a possible good friend.  He glanced at Rhoen by his side who was actually staring at him.  As a matter of fact, all eyes in the class were on him.  He snapped back to his senses when Mr. Guerra spoke… or shouted.
“MR. JOAQUIN!”
Errol sat up, his lazy eyes broadened in alert.
“Yes, M-m-mr. Guerra?”
Mr. Guerra sighed and rolled his eyes impatiently.  
“You are summoned to the principal’s office.” The teacher said as he pointed the door.  There stood a student, waiting.
What did I do?, Errol thought.  The classroom was extremely quiet when he left.  The silent tension was not meant for Mr. Guerra but the curiosity on Errol’s visit to the principal’s office.
If it had something to do with Sunday’s trespassing, he was ready to take responsibility.  He could not think of any other violations he had made.  As the principal of the school, all students were afraid of Mr. Fuego.  If ever there was one person to be feared in school, it would be Mr. Fuego.  Next would be Mr. Guerra.  Fire and war, what a coincidence?  Errol swallowed hard when he knocked at the open door of the principal’s office.
“Ah, Errol Joaquin.  Come in.” To Errol’s surprise, Mr. Fuego greeted him amiably with his lips drawn to his ears.
Errol smiled faintly.  Mr. Fuego was seated on his swivel chair, his elbows on his desk.  To Errol’s right was Miss Latorena, and across her was the mayor.  Miss Latorena tapped the seat beside her.
“Errol, please join us,” she said.
“So, Errol,” Mr. Fuego began, “congratulations once again for winning second place.”
Errol felt a stab on his chest.  Second best.  Again!
“Thank you, Sir.”
“You see, the mayor and I were amazed by your project.  Did your parents help you?”
Errol shook his head.
“No, Sir.”
The mayor and the principal looked at each other in delightful surprise.
“Mr. Fuego, I admire the students you are molding in your school.  You have future inventors here.”
Mr. Fuego grinned proudly at the comment of the mayor.
“As they say, do not underestimate the students of public schools.”
Miss Latorena remained silent yet she was smiling with them.
“Errol, Mr. Fuego and I were talking about the drought that we are experiencing these days especially here in our town,” said the mayor.  “We are approaching the summer season, and we can already see the effect early on.  Our farms are becoming parched which definitely affects our agricultural sectors.  Our town is known for producing and exporting rice to neighboring provinces.  Because of this unpleasant natural phenomenon, our town may suffer in many aspects such as profit, as well as the abundance of rice.  We have utilized solutions such as cloud seeding which are indeed expensive in solving our town’s agricultural predicament.  And the results are just satisfactory.  So I am asking permission in behalf of Mr. Fuego, if we could use your project for our farms.”
Errol’s eyes shone but his heart pounded madly.  
“We just want to be clarified the kind of seeds that you used.  Mr. Fuego, Mrs. Palma, and I are not quite convinced that it could be any kind of seeds.  And you said that you used flower seeds.”
Errol’s vision began to spin.
“Like what I said, Mayor, it could be any kind of seeds.” His voice was low.
“Errol, can you please show us your project once again?” Mr. Fuego said.
Errol nodded but his heart raced some more.  He had no more of Sunday’s seeds left.  He would be doomed if they found out that he used magic seeds instead of the ordinary ones like flower seeds.  As soon as they got to the hall, his eyebrows furrowed.  His project was missing.  And it was obviously missing for there was no sophisticated display in the hall.
“Where is it?” Miss Latorena said, searching for Errol’s project on the tables.
Errol sprang his heels, and ran out of the hall.
“Errol!  Errol, where are you going?” Miss Latorena called, stopping at the door of the hall.
Errol did not turn back.  He was not attempting to escape because of his fraudulent project.  He was going to find Sunday.  
“Errol, what’s the rush?” Rhoen called out who was out for a toilet break.  
“Hey, Errol!” Jayrel bellowed behind Rhoen.
Errol ignored them too.  
“Somebody stop him!” Mr. Fuego shouted at the top of his lungs.
Errol quickly mounted on his bicycle before some parents and guardians sitting at the waiting shed could stop him.  It was almost noon time, the heat of the sun was grueling.  The gust of wind against his face and arms was scorching.  He pedaled towards the football field.  He knew Sunday would be there.  That was where they should prevent Aryad from invading the planet.
The football field was not too far from the school.  The distance seemed that a bicycle ride was not necessary with his race pace.  In the football field, he found some female football players wearing yellow jersey shirts and black shorts running around the field, kicking a ball.  Errol found Stella among the running players.  It must be a practice game of Stella’s team.  There were some spectators cheering for the girls.
Close to the east side goal, Errol found Sunday figuring out how to use the remote controlled plane.  With the look on her face, Errol could assess that she was not having luck on the technology that she was not accustomed to.  
“Sunday!” Errol ran towards her.
Sunday didn’t seem to hear him.  She slapped the remote control against her other palm.  Errol grabbed the device from her.
“Hey!” Sunday glared at him.
“I’m here to help.”
“Liar!”
Errol was momentarily taken aback.  He betrayed her trust.  Thus, it would be hard for him to gain that trust once again.  
“Sunday, we don’t have time.  Let’s do this now,” Errol said, wiping the sweat from his forehead.
They were startled by the screams of the players and spectators when a player kicked for the goal.
“See.  You’re one big liar.  You told me yesterday we can’t do it here because you’re afraid that the people of your world will witness something extra-ordinary.”
Errol realized he had fabricated a lot of lies.  At that moment, he felt less of a noble person.  His parents would be disappointed if they found out.  As a matter, he was completely disappointed at himself.
“I’m sorry,” he said softly that his voice drowned amidst the jubilant screams behind him.  “I’m sorry I messed up so bad.”
Sunday’s eyes widened at the sky and gasped.  Errol looked up.  The sky was clear but he could not believe his own eyes when the sun shot a streak of flames.  A tree close to the football field caught ablaze that shocked everyone there.  The jubilant screams were substituted with screams of terror.  
“He’s coming,” Sunday said.
Errol almost forgot who it was until it dawned on him that it was Aryad.  Another streak of flame shot towards the football field aiming at Sunday and Errol.  He grabbed Sunday’s wrist as they ran for shelter but a ring of fire impeded their escape.
“Errol!” Stella bellowed, when she caught sight of the destination of the second streak of flame.  
“Ate Stella, help us!” Errol bellowed back, the heat was becoming unbearable.
Sunday shielded her face with her arm from the scorching heat.  Without a second to lose, Errol started the engines of the toy plane.  He desperately looked at Sunday.
“We have salt, but we don’t have seeds anymore.”
Sunday took out a brown burlap pouch from her pocket.  She knelt beside Errol.
“I have some more but these are more special.”
Errol glanced at the seeds that looked like sunflower seeds but only blue in color. 
“I thought you have none left?”
“I kept the special ones for back up.”
 Errol gawked at Sunday for keeping more special seeds.  How could she keep those from him?  But after the successive betrayals and lies he committed, he felt he was in no position to question her.  
“What are you waiting for?” Sunday furiously said.
They mixed the rock salt and the seeds, and placed them in the pouches tied in the wings of the plane.  Brisk water splashed on them occasionally.  Errol found where the water was coming from.  Stella and the other students poured buckets of water on the ring of fire.  
Their chance of escape was extremely slim.  The water was not enough to extinguish the wild fire.
“Can these seeds take us out of here?” Errol was already choking.
“We can jump on the clouds for escape,” Sunday shouted.  The crackling of huge fire was deafening.  “It can even take us high in the sky if the plane can ascend up there.”
“The plane can only fly at a certain altitude.”
Errol amalgamated the seeds and rock salt, and put a handful in his right pocket, another in his left pocket, another in his back pockets.
“For Plan B.”
Sunday nodded and followed suit.  As soon as they secured more seeds and salt, Errol maneuvered the plane to the level of his waist.  He pushed the mini joystick to the right.  The right wing flapped, and released a pouch of special seeds and rock salt.  A large cloud which was as big as a life buoy formed in mid air, and hard rain poured.  
“Hop on!”  
Sunday climbed up the cloud.  Knowing the truest matter of the cloud which is as a matter of fact liquid in nature, Errol stood agape when Sunday’s feet planted firmly on the soft cloud.  He still took control of the plane as he mounted on the cloud.  It was indeed soft and bouncy but he was amazed how it was possible for him to stand on it.  It was as if he was standing on a trampoline.
“If we can do a flight of clouds, rainbows will be formed that would get us higher,” Sunday said.
“It is possible,” Errol confidently said after experiencing what he thought was never possible.
He pushed the mini joystick to the left.  The plane’s left wing flapped, and emanated from another pouch were the mixed seeds and salt.  Through the crackling fire, Errol could hear the sirens of fire trucks.  
“Yes!  We need more water!” He said, sensing hope.
He and Sunday climbed on the second cloud.  The first rain had already stopped that formed a rainbow.  The colorful arch reached past the second cloud. 
“Come on!” Sunday gesticulated Errol to follow her.  From the second cloud, she stepped on the prism of light.  
Errol momentarily stood agape.  He cautiously put his right foot on the rainbow, followed by the other.  For a moment, he tried to maintain his balance that he dropped the remote control into the ring of fire.  The plane crashed out of the fire wall that it almost hit a fireman who was hauling the hose from the fire truck.  
The fire hose began to release water that helped in elongating the formed rainbows.  Spectators watched in awe when Errol and Sunday treaded the rainbow.  It took Errol quite a while to master walking on the colorful bow.  He thought his feet would slip, but it felt like he was walking on concrete road.  
“Oh my god!  Errol, be careful!” Miss Latorena bellowed, who finally came with Mr. Fuego and the mayor.  
Errol’s classmates followed after Rhoen and Jayrel told them that he stowed away from school.  Errol spread his arms to his either side to maintain his balance for the rainbow was only wide enough to fit two people side by side.  
“This is unbelievable,” muttered a fireman while holding the hose.  The firemen and Errol and Sunday seemed to have an implicit agreement that the hose should release more water to form a longer rainbow.  The fire truck’s ladder shot to the air with firemen supporting the hose, shooting water as high as it could.
Errol and Sunday were as high as a skyscraper when the rainbow ceased to form.  The wind could easily knock Errol off his feet and slip from the rainbow any second, so he was more cautious of his balance.
“Oh no!  Did they run out of water?” Errol said, looking down.  The height from above made him nauseous.  
“They need water!  They need water!” Miss Latorena said upon realizing that the fire truck ran out of water.  She rushed to get a bucket.
“Let’s get water everyone!” Almira ordered like she was commanding her troop to follow her.
No one stood idle.  Everybody dispersed to look for buckets to fill with water.
“Call for back up!” 
“We already did, Mayor,” replied the chief fireman.
“Miss Latorena, we already called for more fire trucks.  We need to extinguish this ring of fire.”
“Yes, Mayor,” said Miss Latorena, carrying a bucket filled with water, the mayor giving her a hand.
“Let’s extinguish this fire everyone,” Mr. Fuego ordered the now growing crowd.
Up in the air, Errol almost knelt down just to stay put.  He was afraid that the strong wind in high altitude would knock him down.  Sunday glanced at him.
“Don’t worry, Errol.  You won’t fall off.”
“Easy for you to say,” he said to the denizen of the rainbow, still bending his knees and spreading his arms sideward.  “How are we going to stop Aryad?”
“Do you think you can stop me?” said a low voice behind Sunday.



Chapter 15 - The God of Drought

Errol gawked at a towering dark man with a stern face.  He was devoid of any lively color.  From his ponytailed black hair to his beard to his long robe to his shoes, he was an epitome of a sinister man who preferred the color black and nothing else.  His arms were folded on his chest.
“Little girl, don’t you think you’re too ambitious to impede my plans?”
“Not until I try,” she said, smirking.
Aryad raised an eyebrow.
“I see.  I hate to fight a child after I have fought and defeated a battalion of soldiers.  But if you insist.”
He spread his long fingers on his chest.  Errol’s eyes broadened as his jaw dropped when a ball of fire, the size of Aryad’s cupped hands, formed in between Aryad’s palms.  Errol thought he only saw such a thing in movies and cartoons.  He could not believe he could see one right before his eyes.  What feared him most was the fact that this was real, and he did not know what to do.  However, Sunday had a solution to his dilemma.  She took out what seemed to be seeds from her pocket.  For the first time, Errol saw Aryad’s lips drew towards an ear.  
“And you think you can stop me with those?”
Sunday cracked the seeds in between her palms by producing a hard clap.  As soon as her palms disengaged, minute balls in different colors shot towards Aryad.  The ball of fire, however, melted the balls like they were dots of ice cream that liquefied due to the heat of the sun.  Sunday did not give up.  She cracked more seeds, and this time, in two swift consecutive strikes.  Though she was quick, Aryad was faster to stop her weapons from reaching him with another of his ball of fire.
“Why don’t you give up, little girl?  Just like what your family did,” Aryad said, retaining his composure as he folded his arms on his chest again.
Sunday clenched her fist and gritted her teeth.  Aryad drew his lips to an ear again.  Then his eyes fell on Errol.  
Errol swallowed hard.
Again, Errol.  This is for real, he reminded himself.
“And who is this friend of yours?” Aryad asked without getting his eyes off Errol.  He was smirking that made Errol swallow hard again.
“He’s here to help me save our worlds,” Sunday replied, still looking at Aryad indignantly.  
Errol was not sure if Sunday gave the smartest answer.  He stepped back a bit, his hands in his pockets, feeling a bit intimidated.  Aryad smiled, and then grinned, and then laughed.  His moustache and beard shook with his pointed jaw.  
“Why… would you get… an imbecile… to help you… save… your worlds… by fighting… against… me?” The more he paused, the closer he got to Sunday, until she was glaring up at him.  She could feel the air from his nostrils gusting on her forehead.  Her hands groped for more seeds from her pockets.  As soon as she clapped a handful of seeds, she felt a heavy hand shoving her head to her side.  Aryad’s hand was extremely heavy that she got disoriented for a second.  Aryad and Errol were beginning to diminish from her sight as her hands and feet tried to reach for Errol, but it was too late.
“Sunday!” Errol bellowed, kneeling on the rainbow and reaching his arm for her.  
Sunday’s shrill scream faded as gravity sucked her below.  Errol’s heart beat fast as he watched Sunday fall down towards the ground, hoping that someone could catch her.  He was relieved when Sunday formed a cloud through her seeds, and she bounced as if a trampoline caught her to safety.  He realized upon looking down that the ring of fire was extinguished, forming a black circle on the browning green grounds instead.
Errol looked up at Aryad whose furrowed eyebrows matched his sinister thin eyes.  
“Would you like to join her?” Aryad said maintaining his low voice.
“Is that a rhetorical question?” Errol said, gritting his teeth.
“I believe it is.”
Errol stood up, his nostrils flared, and he breathed in fury.  He mumbled some words that made Aryad furrow his eyebrows further, bewildered.
“What did you say?”
Errol moved his lips again, his voice muffled, but his words could not be deciphered.  This made Aryad very angry.
“What?”
Errol moved his lips rapidly, still a word could not be understood.  He might be extremely terrified that he could not enunciate his words clearly and that fear might have intimidated his voice.  His meek and gibberish talk did not match his indignant stare at the God of Drought.  One would even think that he was reciting a chant.  Aryad heaved his chest, and grabbed Errol’s shoulder.  Errol, on the other hand, did not cease from mumbling.  Aryad hoisted Errol by the collar.  Their eyes were parallel at each other’s.  Errol could feel pain on his armpits; his feet could not feel the solid surface of the rainbow.
“Speak up!” Aryad said, his voice thundered in fury.
Errol breathed heavily, and for the first time after his mumble talk, his words were recognizable.  
“I said: YOU ARE GOING TO FALL, FOR CRYING OUT LOUD!” Errol yelled.
Just as Aryad’s forehead creased in bewilderment, Errol clapped the seeds against his palms, and shoved the popped seeds into Aryad’s gaped mouth.  He was emancipated from Aryad’s suffocating grip.  He slowly stood, watching Aryad momentarily frozen from being choked.  For a brief moment, Aryad clasped his hands around his neck.  Then he began to cough.  He coughed some more that colorful luminous strings emanated from his mouth.  These multi-colored strings catapulted like a whip.  One strapped Aryad’s left wrist, another coiled round the right side, a thicker one choked his neck, until the strings began to wrap his whole body.  Aryad screamed, his big voice cracked amidst the sprouting strings that continued to envelop his face.  His dilated eyeballs focused on Errol.  A wind surge knocked him off the rainbow.   Errol gasped as he watched Aryad’s stiff body fall.  His body was stiffened by the rainbow strings that from afar, he looked like a wrapped statue.
“Sunday, watch out!” 
Sunday gasped.  Aryad was falling right towards her.  The people below screamed in terror.  
“Oh no!” Miss Latorena whispered.
“Get out of there you strange girl!” Stella shouted at Sunday.
There was no time to create another cloud.  All Sunday could do was to scream at the top of her lungs as she crossed her arms on her head.
“NOOOOOOOO!!!” Errol shouted.



Chapter 16 - The Rain of Soft Natural Things

Aryad’s body suddenly exploded into rain of soft natural things.  The downpour reached the spectators on the ground, and they were silenced in astonishment.
“Leaves?” Stella queried, catching one deep green spade-shaped leaf.
“Petals,” Miss Latorena said after two pink rose petals made a gentle landing on her palm.
Sunday opened her eyes and marveled at the falling leaves and petals that emanated from the evil Aryad.  She looked up, and found Errol kneeling, watching her from the rainbow.  He was grinning widely.
“We did it Sunday!  WOOHOO!!!” Errol shot his fist in the air.
“Yes!” Sunday jumped and reached for the sky.
The people below screamed jubilantly, some embraced, and some cried, laughing.  Stella and her fellow football players raked piles of leaves and petals with their fingers.  Almira and her friends blew falling petals at one another.  Jayrel and his equally naughty friends also enjoyed the rare phenomenon as they caught a cupped-hand full of leaves and petals from the sky, and tossed them at one another.  Rhoen seemed to enjoy the soft pour by himself.  He collected blue petals which seemed to be from a daisy.  The mayor and Mr. Fuego raised their arms like children, feeling the soft leaves and petals falling on their face.  
“You know what amazes me, Miss Latorena?”
From quietly admiring the rain of leaves and petals, Miss Latorena turned to who spoke.  She was surprised to see Mr. Guerra by her side, peacefully looking up at the sky raining leaves and petals of various colors and shapes.
“What is it, Sir?”
“A battle which seems to be initially impossible to conquer has its own unexpected marvelous conclusions.  And these remarkable conclusions make even the bravest soldiers cry in jubilance.”
“Oh, Mr. Guerra, you are crying,” Miss Latorena said, smiling at the terror teacher.
Mr. Guerra squinted, and quickly wiped the tear off his eye.
“I beg your pardon!” He said, going back to his terror persona, by casting one of his indignant stares at Miss Latorena.  But the young teacher giggled, and put her arm round Mr. Guerra’s shoulders.
The students around him became amiable to him, as they teased their teacher for crying like they were his own loving grand children.  He was partly right.  He was in fact crying, and so was the sky.  But Mr. Guerra and the sky had one thing in common.  They cried in sheer happiness for a victorious battle over evil.  The rain even brought more screaming and jumping.  
With the help of the special seeds he had left in his pockets, Errol descended to Sunday’s now formed rainbow.  He cautiously stood on the rainbow, trying to maintain his balance again.  He had to get used to it but it could take a few more hours or so.
“Errol, we did it!” Sunday said and put her arms round him.
Errol blushed, and he froze momentarily.  He did not know how to react, until he smiled and wrapped his arms round her too.
“Thank you for all your help,” Sunday said as she released herself from Errol’s arms in giddy.
Errol stared at the noticeable changes in Sunday.  Her cheeks were roseate that complimented her glowing fair skin, her black dress turned into white accentuated by swirls of soft purple and pink and red and yellow, her headband was sky blue and the cloud embellishment was clean white, her once black mid-length boots returned to their original color of yellow green.  She was indeed bursting with colors that the hues compromised to create an effervescent girl.  Errol also noticed the change in Sunday’s eyes.  They looked so alive that he was drawn to them.  
“Wait a second,” Errol said.  “I thought you only have a few seeds left.  I didn’t know you have more special ones.”
“Well that’s because I know how to keep secrets like you, Errol.”
They stared at each other in silence for a moment, and they broke out in laughter, slapping each other’s palms.
“What are we waiting for?  Let’s go down and celebrate with them.”
Sunday glanced at the joyful crowd below and smiled at Errol.
“You join the celebration of the people of your world.  We have our way of celebrating in my world.”
“Really?  Like how?”
Sunday looked up, thinning her lips like she was thinking of how to explain it to him in simple words.
“There’s a lot of sliding and hopping.”
Errol grinned.
“That sounds a lot of fun.  We actually have a lot of that too.  Hey, thanks for everything.”
“Same here.”
“And I also apologize,” Errol said meekly, staring at his feet.  Saying those words was quite hard for him, but he was relieved to release some guilt off his chest.
Sunday giggled and slapped his shoulder.
“Hey, I really had a great time down there,” she said, nodding down.
“Me too.  I mean, this place up here is rad.”
Errol’s smile slowly vanished when another rainbow drew towards them.  
“Sunday?”
Sunday turned around and gasped.  A woman who looked like her smiled warmly.  Just like Sunday, she was wearing a colorful dress with waves of green, yellow, and pink.  The man beside her, wearing a red-rimmed pair of reading glasses and a lilac tunic, grinned in sheer delight.
“Ma!  Pa!” She swiftly turned to Errol.  She sighed and extended her hand for a handshake.  “Well, all you have to do is to slide and hop towards the ground.”
Errol nodded.
“Thanks for the tip.”
“It’s been a great adventure, Errol.”
Errol smiled and shook her hand firmly that delighted her.
“Yeah.  It sure has been.”
They smiled and nodded at each other for the last time.  Sunday jumped on the other rainbow and ran to her parents.  Errol watched how her parents wrapped their arms round her.  Her father even planted kisses on her cheeks.  From afar, Errol heard Sunday’s mother say, “We are proud of you as always.”
Sunday and her parents slid to the other bow, and Errol did not see them anymore.  He earnestly followed Sunday’s advice.  He hopped on two clouds that were formed from the last special seeds he had left.  Below the second and lower cloud, he slid on the colorful arch.  It was a long slide that he screamed in excitement, raising his arms.  The gust of wind and the rain pour added thrill to his ride down to the grounds of the earth.  His excitement momentarily ceased when he was reaching the end of the rainbow.  The end of the last rainbow was still too high from the ground.  He would definitely break some bones when he reached land.
“Hey, it’s Errol!” Rhoen bellowed, pointing his finger at the descending figure.
Soon his classmates especially the boys began to gather together to catch him.  
“Release some water!” Miss Latorena told the firemen.
The fireman from the back up fire truck carried the hose and raised the nozzle.  The hose released water to the sky; thus, forming a rainbow.  
Errol then hopped on the recently formed rainbow emanating from the fire truck hose.  He laughed at his luck.  
“We’ll catch you, Errol!” Rhoen’s voice was the loudest amidst the shouting boys and girls who served as safety net.
Errol screamed, face and chest down towards the ground.  Finally, his classmates caught him but they were not prepared by his falling weight.  They crumbled to the ground but they managed to get Errol to safety.
“Are you all alright?” Miss Latorena rushed to her students worriedly, helping each of them to their feet.
“We’re fine, Miss,” Errol said.  
Although his belly was aching from the fall, he managed to laugh with his classmates.  Miss Latorena sighed and joined the laughter.
Stella jostled into the crowd.
“Hey!  How are you?” she asked with her usual unaffected tone and lack of facial expression.
“Doing great,” Errol said, rubbing his hips.
“Where’s your girlfriend?”
Errol breathed heavily, suppressing a fight with his sister.
“She’s not my girlfriend, two words connected.  But she’s my girl friend, with a modifier.  To answer your question, Ate Stella, she went home.”
Stella shrugged her shoulders.
“Wow!  I thought you were anti-social.  But I’ll surely miss her.”
Errol smiled and recalled Sunday’s radiant face.  He wanted to remember how she looked like the last time he saw her.  
“Yeah, me too,” he said, with a giddy Sunday along with her parents sliding into invisibility pictured in his mind.
“Hey guys!  My brother’s not a loser after all.” Making her way out of her brother’s crowd, Stella told her teammates who all consensually agreed.  
Miss Latorena approached Errol.
“You were amazing,” she said.
“Thank you, Miss,” he said, smiling broadly.  He was not aware that he was blushing.
She put an arm round him that envied some of his classmates.  
“Miss, me too,” Jayrel said, wrapping an arm round Miss Latorena.
“Miss, me too,” Almira said, and wrapped both arms round her teacher’s waist.
Miss Latorena tried her best to embrace her requesting students.  
“Class, it’s time for us to go back to school,” Miss Latorena said.
The boys carried Errol on their shoulders.  Despite the rain, Errol’s classmates as well as the other spectators around cheered his name.
“Errol Joaquin!” They cheered in unison.
“Joaquin!” Jayrel’s group followed immediately in a swift rhythmic beat.
“Errol Joaquin!”
“Joaquin!”
“Errol Joaquin!”
“Joaquin!”
They tirelessly continued to cheer until they reached the exit of the football field.



Chapter 17 - The True Victors

The sky was already clear when the students came back to school.  Some parents volunteered to bring dry clothes to the students and teachers who went to the football field.  All dried up, Errol socialized by sharing his encounter with Aryad, how it felt like standing on the rainbow and the clouds, and Sunday’s departure with her parents.  His classmates listened attentively.  Almira was also one of the enthusiastic listeners, who stood at the back of the group.  In return, Errol’s classmates also shared their stories down below the rainbow and the clouds.  Both sides whether from up or down had equally interesting stories.
“Did you know that Mr. Guerra cried?” Jayrel said.
“He did?” Errol said with wide eyes.  His classmated excitedly affirmed.
“Yeah.  It was so cool, you should’ve seen him,” Jayrel continued that the others described how their terror teacher shed tears.
“Miss Latorena should explain in her Science class the rare phenomenon that happened out there,” said Kim.
“Who would have thought that Science and magic can go together,” Almira remarked.
“As Kim said, it is a rare phenomenon,” said Miss Latorena.
They went back to their seats when Miss Latorena who was dressed in a dry pink dress came in the class.  
“There are some things that are inexplicable that not even Science or magic can give sufficient answers.”
The class remained silent yet quietly approved of what their teacher said.
“Mr. Fuego said that the mayor would like to commend Errol for a spectacular job in contributing to the salvation of our environment.”
The class cheered as Errol humbly nodded.
“And the mayor also would like to commend all of you for your cooperation in putting out the ring of fire.”
The class gave out a louder cheer.  Jayrel and his friends at the back led a cheer that became the class’s chant.
“Plus points!  Plus points!  Plus points!  Plus points!”
Miss Latorena smiled, folding her arms on her chest.  The chant grew louder which signaled her to raise her palms to silence the class.
“Do you always have to have plus points in exchange for a great job that you have done?”
“Yes, Miss,” the class began to convince her.
“I’ll think about it.”
“Miss!”
The noise was becoming raucous when Errol stood in front of the class.
“Miss, can I just say something?”
Miss Latorena raised her palms to the class that immediately silenced the group.  Errol cleared his throat.
“First of all, I would just like to congratulate you for a great job in putting that fire out.  I thought it was impossible, but you did it.”
His classmates smiled.  It was indeed unusual for Errol to apologize which made Jayrel and his equally rowdy friends shiver, yet they managed to listen, smiling.
“And I would like to take this opportunity to say sorry to you, Miss Latorena, and to you all.”
Miss Latorena’s eyebrows furrowed.  The class was quiet, equally puzzled.
“I don’t think I deserve the second place and the plus points in the Science project.  I cheated.”
Soft gasps were heard from some girls.
“I used Sunday’s – the girl from the rainbow – I used her seeds to form those clouds and rainbow during my demonstration.  They’re no ordinary seeds, Miss Latorena.”
When he looked at Miss Latorena, he found her quietly listening but he could tell that she was disappointed in him.
“And because of that, I’m so sorry, and I relinquish my points to the next in rank.  My place goes to Kim’s group.”
Kim, Vern and Galilee smiled.  Miss Latorena, on the other hand, sighed.
“Well, that was a revelation, Errol.  Although I commend you for bravely revealing what you did, you know very well that you will still be apprehended for your misleading actions.”
“Yes, Miss.  I know and I accept whatever punishment that will be imposed on me.”
Miss Latorena went to her table and took a record book, and rejoined Errol.
“As per the agreement, if you don’t win any of the top three places in the Science project, you will get a failing mark.”
“Yes, Miss,” Errol replied.
“I will comply with our pact.  And so Errol you will get a failing mark in this project.”
Sad but true, Errol had to accept the consequence for using Sunday’s special seeds.  He thought that his punishment was fair.
“According to the results,” Miss Latorena continued to address the class as she glanced at her record book.  “Almira still gets the first place, and now the group of Kim, Vern, and Galilee wins second which means, this group officially gets additional ten points in the quarter exam.”
The three girls excitedly shared broad smiles as their classmates congratulated them.
“And the original fourth place will now be in third place.”
The students were in their toes, the remaining groups hoped that their project would win the coveted rank.
“Now for the third place, this team will get an additional seven points in the quarter exam,” Miss Latorena silently glanced at her record book for suspense.   She looked up, smiling.  “This team used recycled items to create trash bins instead of plastic.  Congratulations to the team of… Rhoen and Tim.”
“WHOAAAAAAA!” Just like their beefy physique, Rhoen and Tim shouted with big voices, looking at each other, and slapping their palms in sheer delight.
Their classmates clapped and joined their victorious laughter.  
“Good job, boys,” Miss Latorena said, but Rhoen and Tim didn’t seem to hear her for they still couldn’t get over their unexpected victory.
The noise subsided which paved way for her to be heard again.
“Rhoen and Tim, congratulations once again, and later, we’ll make the announcement official.”
“Yes!  Woohoo!” Rhoen said, his feet swinging.
Errol was extremely happy for Rhoen and Tim, especially Rhoen who was persistent in forming a friendship with him.  He was so blind to realize it until Sunday opened his eyes.  Miss Latorena put her hand on his shoulder.
“Miss, before I go back to my seat, congratulations to Rhoen and Tim.  You guys, rock.”
“Oh yeah, we do!” Rhoen said that made his classmates laugh.
“Congratulations to Kim, Vern, and Galilee.  And congratulations too to Almira.  Good job!” He was indeed sincere when he gave his accolade to Almira.  
Almira nodded, and smiled.
“Yeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!” The class teased the former rivals in a shrill crescendo.
Though their long-time rivalry seemed to end, they didn’t quite enjoy the teasing of their classmates.  They both grimaced, nudging off the tickles of their seatmates.  



Chapter 18 - The Colors Remain

“Hey, Errol,” Rhoen called.
“Yeah?” Errol looked behind him as he embarked his bicycle.
“My mom bought me this game called Taboo.  I’ve been thinking of bringing it this afternoon so we can play it with Tim.”
Errol paused, trying to weigh the pros and cons.
“Hmmm, yeah!  That sounds fun,” he finally said.
Rhoen smiled broadly.
“Great!  See you later.”
Errol momentarily watched Rhoen running back to school.  He smiled and pedaled his way home for lunch.
On his way, the grass was greener, and the plants and the flowers on the lawns of the houses were more vibrant.  The cool breeze blew gently against his face.  This was one of the moments that Sunday enjoyed during her first bicycle ride with him.  He briefly looked up.  The sky was clear, and the rain had stopped almost an hour ago.  But a rainbow still arched in the sky.  He smiled.  He didn’t want Sunday or another of her kind to fall from the sky again.  But he must admit that he did enjoy their adventure together.  And for an extremely competitive, uptight person like him, it was still possible to soften up a bit.  He thought it was indeed possible as long as he was willing to make it possible.
By the way, you might be wondering if Errol slid from being the class salutatorian after getting a failed mark in his Science project.  Well, as a bright and studious student, thank goodness he still was.  


END



ACKNOWLEDGMENT

I came up with the idea of writing this novel when I saw a broken arc of rainbow while on a bus ride on my way home.  And because of such a spectacular natural phenomenon, I owe the beauty of nature to God for making it possible and for letting me witness it.  I also humbly thank Him for the wisdom for I did not stop at marveling the lovely spectrum, I gave a colorful story dedicated to it.
My big, big thanks to my parents, and to my sisters - Chinky and Karole - for giving me some helpful tips in writing engaging stories… and for their unending support.



READING DISCUSSION

1. Errol is bright, competitive, but can be really abrasive in dealing with other people.  What do you think are the factors that shaped his personality?

2. A lot of people believe that education is still the answer to a person’s future.  Do you think Errol has this kind of belief?  If so, is there a change to his perspective of education?

3. Teachers are key instruments in molding a child to grow into someone that he wants to be and is capable of doing.  Different teachers use different approaches in teaching and in dealing with their students.  Miss Latorena and Mr. Guerra are two different teachers who used different approaches.  Who do you think is more effective?  Or is none of them effective?

4. Though persistent, Sunday showed a positive disposition in saving both worlds as manifested in her manner of speaking and coping with the grumpiness of Errol.  Can this character be sustained?  Can this personality indeed change a person like Errol?

5. What main ideas or themes does the author explore?  Does the author use symbols to reinforce the main idea?

6. Is there a particular passage that strikes you as insightful?  If so, what is it and why?

7. Has this novel changed your perspective in any concept included in this novel?



DICTIONARY

This is more of like an explanation to the Filipino terms found in the novel.

Panatang Makabayan - translated as Patriotic Oath, a national pledge of the Philippines which is commonly recited in school during flag ceremony

ate (‘a-te) - a term addressed to an older female - usually an older sister - by someone younger as a sign of respect

patintero - a children’s game usually played on empty streets and it involves two teams where one team will try to pass through while the opposing team tries to catch them without leaving the grid’s line drawn on the ground

Mabuhay - a Tagalog greeting which means long live



ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Katherine Gae T. Yamar is an Online Travel Specialist and part time Professor in Makati City, Philippines, and a writer during her spare time.  She resides in Makati City and goes to her hometown in the province of Tarlac during her rest days.
She started writing stories at the age of eight, inspired by the fairy tales of the Grimm Brothers.

Connect with her Online:

Twitter: https://twitter.com/rockONsaint



OTHER WORKS BY THE AUTHOR

Discover other titles by Katherine Gae T. Yamar at Smashwords.com

Dreaming of Yellow Stars 

The Amazing Adventures of Chances 


