Jesus Strand


ipam



Smashwords Edition Copyright 2015 Pamela Joan Barlow Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



August 21st. Tuesday. 1:04 pm. sunny. partly cloudy. hot. humid. 101°F. early afternoon.
He ignores the beauty of the tall pine trees surrounding the placid green pond, the blue sky with colorful playful flying birds. The love songs of the crickets and the frogs entertain their wildlife neighbors of lazy sleeping coyotes and foxes who are hiding deeply within the cool leaves of the surrounding forest. Cody sits with two naked feet cooling inside the pond water holding a limp fishing pole between his legs, counting the dead bodies within his neurons. He starts off with his mama, his daddy, his friends and co-workers of Rob, Mink, and Hawk from the US Marshals office in Birmingham along with their immediate family members. Then he remembers the entire clan of the Ashmore family including Governor Whalen, his wife, their children and spouses plus Amber. All of them died violently inside an exploded farmhouse in Warrior, Alabama four months ago.
Two days ago, his new set of co-workers of Fucner, Skippy, and Islander plus his new school mates inside the ball room at Antebellum House in Leed, Alabama were all dead and gone too. A new terrorist named Brone shot with execution style a bullet through the skull of each student and the student’s parents.
Cody whispers with sad feelings. “Who am I?”
He is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Willie Dean Mack of Greenville, Alabama. Once upon a time he lived a happily life on a corn farm going to high school, playing in the football games, driving his sports car around with his high school friends and kissing his girlfriend. One early evening it all ended when he came from barn and into his house finding his mama dead of a throat strangulation by his daddy. He beat up his daddy with both fists until the police stopped the killing fury then he was carted off in the middle of the night to a work farm in Etta, Alabama.
Cody graduated high school and college with a degree then worked for the US Marshals office as a rookie deputy until his friends met Brone. Then Cody was transferred into a secret team serving as protection for the Starlit beauty pageant until his new friends met Brone again. The group didn’t have a name or a unit number just good devoted men protecting the United States of America at any cost. The cost was great with their sweat, tears, and blood two days ago.
Cody whispers with puzzled feeling. “What am I?”
He was an undercover student teen inside Antebellum House hunting for the child of Brone when he met Ezzard, another student. Ezzard showed a DNA karyotype of Cody’s blood matching the eighteenth gene in the DNA strand of Brother Jesus.
Cody whispers. “Where am I?”
The mobile telephone rings with a southern musical song. Cody stares at the mobile telephone then picks up the borrowed mobile telephone from his grandmother. He studies the picture of her face then answers it. “Hi Grandma.”
Pause.
“Yes ma’am, I’ll come right back to the house. Thanks for preparing me some lunch. I’m leaving in the truck right now,” he uses southern gentleman manners. Cody stands letting the fishing pole fall onto the wet mud, exhaling with raw feelings of sadness, nervousness, worry, angry, and other mixed emotions. Cody loads into the old pickup-truck slowly turning west trucking around the occupied cow pastures. He putt-putts the old vehicle back to his grandma’s house.

home of grandma. 1:30 pm.
Cody rolls the old truck away from the weather beaten front door and the pretty flower beds then slams it into park sitting inside the seat. He exhales then inhales with more mixed feelings of sadness and worry. He slides out the door then gently shuts it closed. He enters through the front door then gently shuts it closed without locking the latch. His grandma lives in the rural country safe from strangers since the hiding copperhead snakes likes to sniff the new boot toes before striking with fanged teeth, if you don’t know where they sleep during the day.
He swings around walking passed the living room and dining room on each side of the narrow dim lighted hallway into the kitchen.
Grandma: elderly, humped back, pale skin, gray hair, brown eyes. She sits the platter of food on top of the pretty blue cloth placement. “Did ya catch any fresh catfish for supper tonight, boy?”
“No, ma’am,” he slides into the chair humping over the platter of food, lifts the sandwich. He bites and chews with robot emotions. He stuffs a handful of potato chips into his mouth. He’s emotional upset with the deaths of newest friends Is, Skippy, and Fucner but his stomach doesn’t seem to care.
Grandma sits diagonally from him tapping on the sweaty glass of water with ice cubes on the hot and humid August day in Alabama. “What ya going to do for the rest of the day, boy?”
“Don’t know,” he chews then swallows the food almost whole then bites again.
“I could use some help with the gardening. I gots lots of pretty vegetables this year.”
“Yes, ma’am,” he chews then swallows the food.
“It’s been a long time, boy. After your mama’s funeral the US Federal Government upped and sold your daddy’s house and farm and tractor equipment, ya know. Your daddy got wild and crazy inside that US Federal prison then killed some inmates. They ended up putting three bullets into his chest. He dead now. I’m all alone but you, boy…”
“Yes, ma’am.”
She frowns with confusion. “I talked to the sheriff after they hauled your ass from the house after beating your daddy in the face, that night. I went to that there work farm in Etta. Etta ain’t that far from here either. The snobby farmer wouldn’t let me talk to you, boy. I wanted to know if you were fine or hurting. I was hurting, boy…”
“Yes, ma’am,” he drinks.
She frowns with puzzlement. “The farmer said you were dangerous and penned up like a hog. That be right, boy?”
“Yes, ma’am,” he chews.
She frowns with confusion. “So’s I waited and hoped that you’d call me, ya know. Ya didn’t. Then I heard from that judge that you were in college. That be right, boy?”
“Yes, ma’am,” he chews.
She nods and smiles. “That be nice. You’re a college boy too. Then I heard ya got a job. Where’da ya work, boy?”
Cody slows his chewing feeling suspicious. He doesn’t want to lie to his grandma but he doesn’t want to share any secret information. Someone is trying to kill him, a man named Brone. He doesn’t want his grandma to learn of that nasty threat or get into trouble or harmed either. He swallows the food. “A government job, then I got canned like the rest of the unemployed Americans…,” chews the potato chips.
She nods and sours. “Figures! Go to college and become something then ya can’t. Well, you can live here as long as ya want, boy!”
Cody swallows the food then frowns with confusion. “Grandma, why didn’t you take me into your house the night of…ya know,” stares at her.
She blinks her eyelashes then views the floor and finally looks at Cody. “Ya know, the sheriff explained to me that you were brutal with your fists bleeding your daddy’s face. He told me that you couldn’t come…”
Cody drops his mouth. “The judge told me that you didn’t want me to live here. I didn’t have any more family members, grandma. Why did ya tell the judge that?”
She clears her throat. “Ya know I was scared of your daddy, boy. He was a mean’un stomping baby frogs as a toddler then stomping adult asses as a teen. He was just plain mean and rotten. Ya be his kin too, boy. Ya be like him beating your daddy into almost dying too, boy.”
Cody holds his breathe then exhales, saying with a deadly tone. “I didn’t kill him. I wanted to kill him. He killed Mama. I loved Mama. I wanted him dead with Mama…”
She exhales and shakes her hair bun. “Ya be a mean’un too, boy,” smiles. “Are you going to work for the US Federal Government agency again, boy? Are they going to call ya here? You can use my cell phone just give ‘em the phone number. It’s only the back of the cell phone since I can’t remember it,” giggles and nods.
“Thanks, grandma,” Cody nods then frowns. “I’m sorry for being such a bad boy. I promise to be a better child. I appreciate you allowing me to sleep here and feed me. I’m without a job now, but I’ll get work on finding one tomorrow. I’m help around here all day and night, grandma…”
She pats his arm, smiling and nodding. “You stay here as long as you want, child. I could use the company. And you keep my cell phone and call the US Federal Government for a job. I pay US Federal income taxes so they should employ my kinfolk too…,” when the door echoes with a couple of knocks. She smiles then stands from the chair, swinging and padding down the hallway. “That be the mail man. He gives me my mail every afternoon around this time with more invoices for the water company, the electricity company, the telephone company to pay them some money. Money, that I ain’t got…,” the front door creaks open then silence for a few seconds. “Cody, ya got company. Come here, boy!”
Cody chews then swallows, wiping the mouth with his arm. He stands then scoots the chair under the table like a good southern gentleman. He lifts the dirty plate and drinking glass tumbler then gently sits the dirty dishes inside the clean washing sink like a good southern gentleman. He swings towards the door frowning with puzzlement like a good southern redneck about a visitor for him.

Living room.
Male: tall, red hair, pink skin, slender, green eyes, 30’s. He stands inside the archway nodding and smiling at Cody. He wears a lightweight windbreaker, a plain white T-shirt, shredded blue jeans and polished cowboy boots.
Grandma nods and fingers the male. “Cody, he’s from the US Federal Government too. He’s here to offer you a job…”
The male smiles and extends his hand when Cody shakes it and nods. He says. “Cody, could you please come with me now?” Cody frowns then nods when the male shoves Cody towards the archway. “Don’t bother with clothes or luggage now. This is a day trip. Okay?” Cody nods when the male stares at Cody’s grandma. “Get into my truck. Okay! I need to talk to your grandma for a sec. Okay, son?” Cody nods then stomps out the house, walking towards the pickup truck in the driveway.
Grandma exhales then sours at Cody’s ass. “Cody, why are you leaving with this man from the US Federal Government? Do you know this man from the US Federal Government? I demand that you introduce me now before you leave me again. Do you hear me, Cody Mack? You take my mobile telephone for proper two-way verbal communication, young man. I want you to report to me in one hour, young man. Cody, do you hear my instructions. Cody Mack!?”
The male blocks the archway when Cody’s grandma tries to stomp outside. The male rips off his windbreaker jacket then dumps it on the flooring, smiling. “May I please have a word with you Cody’s grandma?” the male shoves the elderly female backwards with his hands from escaping out the front door after Cody. The male continues to shove her fragile body down the narrow hallway as she hits his taunt biceps and kicks his legs. She stomps backwards into the kitchen hitting the eating table surface with her ass. The male leans into her face being taller, sneering. “Bitch, I don’t know who the fuck you are, old woman but you ain’t Cody’s biological grandma,” then stabs the hunting knife into her heart. He snorts. “However the US Federal Government law authorities will freeze your ass and slice DNA samples from your tits and eyeballs figuring out your true identity, cunt. We don’t know but we’ll find out, bitch then we’ll be winning the war of terrorizing Americans. Say ‘hi’ to Satan for me,” laughs. She gasps with shock flinging her arms outward as the male back steps then jerks the knife from her heart organ. The blood spurts into the air, over her chest and onto his white T-shirt. She falls over the table then onto the floor gasping for her last breathe of life.
The male swings towards the front door collecting his windbreaker. He places it over the blood stains on his shirt then wipes the hunting knife on the pretty wool cloth curtains in her living room, sneering. He exits the house.

Pickup truck.
The male slides into the driver’s seat staring the engine and cooling the heated cab from the hot August afternoon sunshine. He smiles at Cody. “Sorry about that, it’s hot in August,” he drives from the house towards the county road. “I know you don’t know me from a pile of cow shit, Cody. And I know cow shit since my daddy owns and operates a cow farm with lots of cow shit. I’m Hucks. I work for the US Federal Government, specifically the military. You don’t have to talk or explain anything to me, son. I’m the hero for the day,” chuckles. “I’ll do all the talking. Ya just do all the riding. If ya need to shit or piss or hunger or thirst just finger the exit sign then I’ll get off. We’re going to Huntsville where my house is. It’s about ninety miles or a ninety minute drive. Where your safety belts, son! Okay?” He drives the truck upon the busy interstate roadway, nodding. “I have been briefed about your predicament. I report to the President of the United States, Cody. He’s my boss. And I have read all your secret mission paper files about your adventures since July. You’re involved into some heavy shit. I didn’t like shit ‘cause it smells and offends my nostrils. I don’t have answers for you either but I have tons of fucking questions along with the president. Currently, there are four people on planet Earth that knows about your little predicament with the mystery man named Brone. It be me, you, my wife and the president. There’re probably some high ranking White House cabinet members, a handful of congressmen, and some high ranking military officers that knows bits and bytes of the secret information. However, unless they all meet in a big conference room they wouldn’t be able to figure it out. The president has seen to this personally. And the president has seen to me protecting you, son. You’re seventeen, a minor teen in my old eyeballs, Cody. I’m 36 years old. That means I’ve seen twice as much more dirty shit than you. So I’m here to protect ya, son. I know that sounds sissy coming from a fellow redneck to another fellow redneck, but this ain’t no turkey shoot, Cody. This man named Brone is running a couple of terrorist cells here in Bama and maybe other US major cities. All the mixed letters of the alphabet of the US Federal Government are looking for Brone and his followers or his cronies or his bastards. Good luck, I says. ‘Cause I just pissed off all the way to the Pluto Ice belt that our US Federal Government missed this thing and got some good men and women killed. The dying of any good solider or an innocent civilian pisses me off faster and meaner than flat beer. This is one reason why I be assigned to protect you, son. I’m a badass solider and a good husband and a great daddy. I got a family, wife and infant son. I’ll die protecting my family, my fellow Alabamians, my fellow Americans, and my USA. If’an anyone dares to threat my two month old son I’ll slice them for gator bite then dump the bloody parts into the Tennessee River for the catfish and the snakes. I know these are only words but I wanted you to hear them, son,” exhales. Cody nods and stares at the highway. Hucks nods and grins. “I guess you can tell that I’m driving the speed limit. Actually, I’m driving a little below the speed limit so we can chat. I really hate to tell ya this but I gotta. Ya need to know this information. Your buddy Islander ran across Brone doing his computer search in the administration office at Antebellum House. Brone was accessing the computer terminal in an adjacent room then got what he needed, then left. Islander saw him passing by the door from your excellent physical description. Brone’s short, really short at five feet and three inches short with a brown ponytail and brown full beard. Then Islander called Fucner. Your friend Fucner followed Brone up the stairs into the male dormitory then he disappeared into the darkness. Don’t blame Fucner. Brone’s men were hired and strolling all over the place at Antebellum House when Fucner ran into one allowing Brone to escape into the darkness. They wanted him alive, Cody. They wanted to learn all his secret shitty information. I wanted you to know that Skippy was working under direct presidential orders. But looking back, they should’ve killed him on sight. Hindsight sucks. Anyways, he was searching for something too. Do ya know what, Cody?” Cody shakes his baldness as Hucks exhales and drives. “Back to our problem, a man named Brone. No one knows who this guy is or where he came from or what he looks like. You’re the key eye witness here. I think it’s obvious that Brone is after you, Cody. Don’t worry! Today, I take ya home to my house for a good supper and a good night sleep. You’ll be protected by me and my shotgun,” chuckles. “Just to update, my wife’s a military she-solider too. So’s there’re about sixteen different automatically weapons scattered around our house in plain sight that don’t include the ones hidden. So’s don’t worry about Brone coming for ya’ll. However the US Federal Government is right back at square one. But guess what, we’re tossing out that lousy playbook and doing things impromptu-like ‘cause I’m boss now,” chuckles. “You and your files are locked inside the desk drawer, bottom one in the president’s world famous Oval Office, since you seem to be the only survivor of Brone’s brutal attacks of pure vicious cold blooded murders. So that means, he wants you or he wants you for something. Do you have a clue, son?” Cody shakes his baldness staring at the road as Hucks nods and drives. “I know ya don’t feel like talking that’s okay. The reason why I was selected was mostly because of my wife. She’s a child psychologist too, sometimes works with teens of military parents. Ya can talk to her too. She’s a good listener, not bug ya about shit either. And she’s handy with a gun too. We got a two-month old little boy. I mention this because she houses her favorite semi-automatic weapon next to the rocking chair in case of anything bad. She loves her kid. I love the shit out of little bugger too. He’s good too hardly cries for nothing but food. My wife breast feeds. Man, that’s the most exotic thing I’ve ever seen with my naked eyeballs and hidden penis. Maybe, when ya talk to Fern she’s pop out her naked breast then feed the baby all at the same time then ya’ll spill your beans,” chuckles with Cody. Cody views Hucks, grinning. Hucks laughs. “See, ya gotta trust a man who encourages ya to see his wife breast feeding the baby,” Hucks nods and drives. Cody nods and grins. Hucks says. “Well, I really hate to tell ya this but I got too. I killed your grandma with my hunting knife,” when Cody gasps then grabs the console, viewing the driver. Hucks nods sneering. “That bitch wasn’t your grandma. I don’t know who she was. When all this shit hit the fan the US Federal Government investigated your biological family unit. Your mama was strangled by two hands from a fool who was completely intoxicated on whiskey. The fool couldn’t have pissed into the toilet, that night. Then the foolish male started a silly riot inside his own prison cell drunk on pot and then got killed by a stray bullet. All of that was too much of a convenient of deaths, Cody. The US Federal Government found that your DNA didn’t match the dead female or the dead male who claimed to be your loving parents. Then they tested grandma through a very seductive means, they robbed her house collecting her hair strands in the bathroom sink. They tested your grandma’s hair strands too. She ain’t related to you, Cody. The US Federal Government doesn’t know who she is…”
“I possess the Jesus Strand. I’m one of them,” nods Cody to Hucks.
Hucks laughs and nods. “Yeah, I read that crap too in Skippy’s official Antebellum House observation report to the president. Your friends were very, very good. They spied and tattled on everyone and everything then wrote it all down inside their personal laptops. One of the teens was mouthing off about possessing a specific gene related to Brother Jesus. He was showing off the information through an electronic means to one of the others kids when Skippy overheard. Skippy told Fucner who stole the kid’s laptop. Skippy copied all the electronic files as they analyzed it. Skippy and his team were in ‘lights out’ communication, on your own. That’s one of the reasons all that shitty mess happened. Skippy couldn’t call in reinforcements until…,” pauses. “Whatever! I don’t operate on ‘lights out.’ My orders and counter orders come from the president. He presses a button and we got the entire US military soldiers, sailors, and pilots surrounding the bad guys. We’re the good guys remember,” laughs with Cody. “As far as the Jesus Strand nonsense, the kid displayed a genetic karyotype of one of the chromosomes. We got 23 pairs of chromosomes with the last one dictating ya be a pretty belle girl or a handsome redneck dude, but ya know that too. I’m not a physician or a scientist. I’m a solider but I got a degree from college. I had to take a couple of science classes to graduate too. I remembered in genetics that mutations are found within all our chromosomes, not one a perfect human like Brother Jesus. For example, medical scientists have found multiple markers of rheumatoid arthritis within six chromosomes. Some of the three are chromosome numbers seven, nine and fourteen. Rheumatoid arthritis is labeled as RA, an ugly and painful autoimmune disease with signs of swelling and stiffness. The hand bones and the toe bones turn sideways with pain on the human starting at the age of forty. Fern’s mama has it. We got Fern tested for the RA markers too being we live in a technology advanced civilization. She didn’t have it. Thank goodness! The point, the chromosomes contain lots of markers and tons of information that scientists are just now trying to interpret. I don’t know what you saw and I don’t question it. I’m just saying be opened minded, Cody. You were surrounded by sons and daughters of billionaires who like to lick their ass way to many times like cats. If I had to guess I’d say that the kids of the billionaires has picked out a specific marker within the 23 pairs of chromosome than accidentally found that same marker presented in all the other billionaire kids too. I’m guessing it was like some kind of exclusive billionaire ritual for fun at Antebellum House with the billionaire kids. Brone was there then ended that particular billionaire ritual when he murdered all the kids and their parents. I gotta tell ya something too. About one year ago Antebellum House was a high school establishment for teen billionaires to school and then the same damn thing happened again. All the teens and their biological parents were murdered inside one of the small cottages and then the cottage was burned down into the ground disguising the physical evidence of mass murders. The only reason the US fucking Federal Government found that tragic tale, one of the paid staff members on vacation went looking for her personal items which happened to be inside the burnt cottage. She was looking for her diamond earrings. We both know that diamonds are the hardest mineral on Earth and didn’t burn. She kicked around the dusty dried ashes finding some loose teeth, since teeth didn’t melt like skin, tissue, organs, and bones. Yeah, she was horrified. Yeah, the president was stunned. Yeah, our first calling card of something dangerous on US soil. But we didn’t have a clue until the Ashmore assassinations here in Bama. Fucking bastard Governor Ashmore allowed some illegal aliens into our US State of Alabama to clean the shitty bathrooms and polish the wooden floors of his mansion in Birmingham. Yeah, Governor Ashmore invited the terrorist cell onto the front porch then into the front door. The illegal aliens brought more of their shitty friends sleeping in rented apartments all over Birmingham and paid with our State of Alabama income taxes. Yeah, if bastard Governor Ashmore was alive he’d been hung from the highest oak tree in Jefferson County, still swinging back and forth dead. Hindsight wins again. So Brone and his bastards got into Alabama having some fun. Well, we’re going to end their fun, soonest,” exhales. “I don’t know who and where your real biological parents are located Cody but I promise we’ll find out.” Cody nods when Hucks exhales. “Well, I’ve almost emptied the treasure chest with my accumulated knowledge from reports, people, and secrets. Do you wanna add to my Christmas list, Cody?”
“Naw, sir!”
Hucks exhales. “I gotta tell one more thing.”
“We’re having fried chicken for supper,” laughs Cody. He likes Hucks reminding of his friends at the US Marshal’s office and the Starlit pageant. He doesn’t know what the shit is going on or happening but he does want Brone dead too.
Hucks laughs. “I don’t rightly know but we can. I do the cooking since Fern is a modern day woman. We share everything fifty-fifty and we do everything fifty-fifty. I do the cooking. She does the eating,” laughs. “Brone is your daddy…”
“Fucking shit,” Cody frowns with annoyance and shakes his baldness. “No, naw!”
Hucks frowns with puzzlement. “Sorry son! When Brone was poking around on the computer he was taking his time. He also left a bottle of water with his fingerprints and long strand of hair follices from his ponytail. Islander grabbed that physical evidence first like a good solider. The government analyzed it many, many times, Cody. The president was stunned too. You, Skippy, Islander, and Fucner were assigned to find the child of Brone. The child was there at Antebellum House too. It’s you, Cody. Brone was there looking for you. You survived every one of his personal murder massacres too. You being alive, it’s too much of a coincidence even for the computational mathematical models. Brone is looking for you.”
Cody exhales then slowly says. “I am his son. Brone is my daddy. But he and I were face to face on the Tennessee River at Swan Creek. He doesn’t look like me. He’s short. I’m tall. He’s got brown hair. I got blonde hair. He’s got a round face. I got a heart shaped face. Naw, I don’t believe it. Brone is not my daddy. That’s a great big ugly fucking ass mistake.”
Hucks nods and pulls into the driveway of his house. “I agree. We will work together and find out the truth, Cody. First, we eat and act like a family unit. Fern’s eager to meet ya so just pretend to like it here. Okay? Second, we’re safe, all of us. Third, you’re new job doesn’t start until Saturday, so ya got a few days to rest and relax. Do ya got any questions or comments or opinions?” Hucks grins then cracks the truck door, looking at Cody.
Cody cracks the door, saying and viewing him. “A hucks starter is an auxiliary power unit on a truck that provides the initial sparks to start up a piston aircraft engine,” chuckles then slams the door.
They laugh entering the house.

August 23rd. Thursday. Redstone Point Army Base. Huntsville. sunny. hot. humid. 88°F. 1:01 pm.
The room is square with one wall of windows opposite the archway overlooking the green and brown woodlands, since Alabama preserves the forest for deer hunters with guns. The office desk faces the door with two sitting chairs. One of the chairs is occupied with a short male with brown hair and brown eyes. An array of tall and short metal filing unlocked cabinets kisses one of the side walls. The opposite wall holds a long sofa with a female and a baby sucking on her breast.
Male: tall, slender, black hair, blue eyes, dark skin, 30’s. He displays a one piece flight suit as an Army pilot wearing aviator sunglasses and entering the room, smiles and nods. He halts behind the occupied sitting chair, frowning at his superior officer.
Hucks smiles and stands fingering the occupied chair. “Woot, I would like for you to meet His Royal Highness Prince Jon…”
Jon: short, brown hair, brown eyes, pale skin, business suit, necktie. He stands then spins to Woot, smiling and extending his hand. “Good morning, I am Jon, Prince of the England. You might be more familiar with my brother Jack. He recently was crowned as King of the UK and is married to Queen Jill. They have a newborn princess named…”
“Really?” Woot chuckles and stands still wearing the aviator sunglasses. 
“Really!” Hucks sours trying to diffuse an international incident inside his private office between the US and the UK. Woot doesn’t give a fucking damn about other foreign country’s relations or relatives.
“Jack and Jill went up the hill to fetch a pail of water. Jack fall down and broke his crown,” chuckles Woot. “Well, shit, I always thought that English sentence was a children’s nursery rhyme. Gawddamn, if I be the dumbest butthole on planet Earth,” laughs with Fern as Jon grins at the American asshole’s silly banter.
Hucks exhales staring at his long-time friend and asswipe employee. “I am not going to refute his personality flaw, Jon. Woot, scoot your boots into my office, sit your ass down in my oversized and comfortable cherry-colored leather chair clashing violently with the sissy peach-colored walls, compliments of the US taxpayers and meet Prince Jon,” fingers the empty chair. Jon reseats.
Woot views Jon’s hair roots behind the chair, frowning with confusion. “Do I gots to call the asswipe Prince Jon too?”
Jon says. “No, please do not.”
“No. Please don’t what, beat ya black and blue with my fists? Or piss on your leathers with my dick?” Woot smiles with amusement.
Jon stands and spins to Woot, frowning with confusion. “Leathers? I am not wearing a pair of leather gloves, sir.”
“Sir? Hucks!?” Woot tilts his skull in annoyance at Hucks.
Hucks exhales. “I can see that I am going to let Fern act as the UN Ambassador for the current helicopter pilots, gentlemen,” views his wife, nodding.
“What the fuck,” Fern cuddles her baby, frowning at her husband. She doesn’t care to entertain the spoiled royal brat from a foreign country either.
“Jon, this is my smart, beautiful, and low-maintenance wife whom I love dearly with both my heart and soul. But be careful she bites, stings, and pees when ever so slightly provoked liked a recoiled rattlesnake. Right, honey?”
“Right, cub.” Fern winks at Jon, smiling.
Woot stares at Jon’s hair roots being taller. “Leathers is another term for a pair of walking shoes. Ya know foot shoes are usually made from the dried animal skins called ‘leather.’ Some examples of them Earth species include but not limited to cow, snake, lizard, alligator, ostrich. Ya gots any of them mammals in your vast Kingdom, princess?”
“Woot!?” Hucks sours. “Jon, please do not bother with a proper response to the stupid question coming out of Woot. He is jealous being only a country redneck prince, not international royal one,” smiles and nods.
Woot checks his diver wrist watch, saying. “Time for flight in-check, princess.”
“Woot!?” Hucks grins at Jon then Woot.
Woot stares at Hucks. “Yeah, darling.”
Hucks nods to his wife. “Fern, could you please show Jon around our well-stocked food and beverage cafeteria, dear? And could you please bring me back a soy milk bottle?”
“Shore, darling,” smiles Fern, standing and walking to Jon. They walk out the door escaping from Woot’s fighting fury for a few minutes.
Hucks slides from his office desk plowing into Woot’s face being equal both in height and weight. “Woot, do not start an international war, boy.”
Woot grins wearing the sunglasses. “Ya talk without grammar contractions in your sentences too. Princess is making quite a first impression on your what, wimpy ass? Dumb neurons? Pussy dick?”
Hucks smirks at his long-time childhood friend and formal city street neighbor. “Woot, you can be mad as a hell until farmer Brown’s cows come home. But you are voted the singularly armed personal body guard escort for Prince Jon. You got this command for pissing off the General.”
“I saved the girl.” Woot grins.
Hucks grins. “Yeah, ya did then you had to fuck the beauty queen.”
“Hey, in my innocence defense first off, that queen wasn’t a virgin. My swollen two-diameter engorged dick immediately sucked with ease into an expanded three-diameter girly vagina in record time, buddy. That’s how ya test that ‘the virgin theory.’ Second off, she gave me permission. Third off, she wasn’t drunk. Fourth off, I wasn’t drunk either. Five and final argument, we were two consenting adults over the age of eighteen…”
“Gawd, you are not innocent since you turned nine years old in the fourth grade trying to pull off Margaret’s pink blouse, around the corner of the building at school recess on the play ground. And you took that beauty queen into your house for a fucking fun sex act. And she was eighteen years, three days, twelve hours, sixteen minutes, and 46 seconds old, a teenager, Woot.”
“More sentences without contractions, when is the real Hucks returning into your right brain lobe, buddy?”
“Allow me remind you I am your commanding officer. You are my subordinate. I give you orders. You obey orders. I order you. One, call His Highness Prince Jon or plain old Jon. Two, act like a US officer gentleman. Three, guard his ass over yours. Fourth, tarry both your asses over to the Von Brown Center for the Miss Lily Pageant...”
“Hucks!? The building for that beauty pageant exploded like a skyline of prettily red, white, and blue fire works on the fourth of July, one month ago.”
“Jon is the surprise star guest for the pageant. The Lily Pageant will broadcast the international competition with all the beauty queens from the other foreign countries in London, England next month. That damaged building was an old structure set for demolition later this year. Go to the new building on Bruise Street, that’s the new location for the public event. And no one knows he’s here kinda like Brother Jesus being presence but you can’t see him. You’re going to be a non-voting judge at the beauty pageant as bodyguard for the prince.”
Woot sours with a frown. “I’ve never heard of the Miss Lily beauty pageant.”
Hucks nods. “The daughter of the dead billionaire of the Miss Starlit pageant changed the name and ownership to her person then avoided all the nasty financial lawsuits against her daddy. Beauty pageants make millions of dollars for both the sponsors and owners.”
Woot grins. “I don’t have any civilian clothes…”
Hucks swings and walks to a side closet pulling a hanger. The hanger holds a jacket and shirt. He spins around, walking and smiling. He extends the hanger to Woot. “You got a redneck suit now. A blue sports jacket and a white dress shirt with no tie for your pageant début too.”
Woot frowns with fury viewing the hanger. “Ya robbed my place for the jacket and shirt…”
“Naw, my jacket and shirt, we both be sharing smelly coodies since pre-kindergarten at four years old being both neighbors and pals.”
Woot grins. “No dress shoes to complete the dress assemble, too bad. I can’t go.”
“Ya got your polished cowboy boots inside your locker down the hallway then around the corner that you keep for an emergency.”
Woot fingers his wrist. “I’m scheduled to fly my chopper in ten minutes, Hucks. So I guess old buddy, ya get to take Princess to Wilson Street for his superstar début at the Miss Lily Pageant.”
“You are grounded from flying the Black Hawk until Jon leaves heading back to England.”
“Fuck you, Hucks! You can’t ground me.”
“I can and I did.”
“Fuck man, I ain’t taking this bullshit assignment to babysit a sissy Jonny boy. One, I’m a pilot. Two, I’m fit to fly. Three, I’m flying in ten minutes.”
“That be right, buddy. So I guess my new flight report from the med doc will tattle about your sudden sinus infection.”
“I don’t have shitty snot-green sinus problems ever. If that’s the best you can conjure from your fucking imagination, Hucks. I guess I win. You lose, scout.”
Hucks lifts and reads the blank piece of paper from his office desk, smiling. “Hmm! Says here your sinus infection has gone bye-bye, since you sucked down all them physician prescribed penicillin pills.”
“Son of bitch, you know a filed clinical medication report grounds me, immediately,” Woot views his boots then Hucks, smiling. “I really hate doing this but I’m go straight to the High Command…”
Hucks holds the plain paper next to his face then fingers it. “This military order came straight down from the High Command, Woot. You’re a phenomenal chopper pilot qualifying you for this peasy easy duty along with being a big ass-flirt around the pretty girls at the USA Starlit Pageant, since you wooed that beauty queen,” chuckles.
Woot whispers, staring at his boot toes, “Fuck…”
“…got you into that major trouble and Jonny boy will get you out of major trouble. After this duty you get promoted and your own copter squad.”
Woot frowns at Hucks. “And you?”
“I get promoted with you still being your command officer, band of two brothers until the end of it all, dude.”
“And Fern!?”
“She’s bailing her pretty ass out of the US Army wanting to be a full-time mommy. I whole-heartedly approve, agree, and applaud since I wanna be a full-time warrior.”
“And war…”
“No war for two days with Jonny boy, promise me, Woot!” Hucks slaps Woot on the collar bone, smiling. “Make your daddy proud, son…”
Woot laughs and winks. “I’d rather make my daddy and me a couple of million dollars. Can I go to the gambling tables with Princess instead?”
“There’s no gambling table in Bama…”
He smirks and winks. “The gambling tables are in the great State of Mississippi so I can tarry Princess for a visitation to another more interesting southern state…”
Hucks shoves Woot towards the archway. “Get to work and protect with capital letters and quotation marks the Prince of England, solider. I’ll pull some loose boot strings and get permission to let ya shoot a shotgun at him as the private jet leaps from the military runaway.”
“Done!” Woot smiles.
Fern and Jon enter the office, laughing. Jon stops and smiles. “My limo is ready for our judgeship, Woot.”
Woot swings to the archway. “Come on, your royal-pain-in-my-ass I’ll change in the limo...”

Von Brown Center. 1:33 pm.
Woot and Jon exit the limo walking towards the building entrance of the Von Brown Center or VBC. A tall middle aged wrinkled faced woman greets with a smile Woot and Jon at the entrance glass doors. She extends her hand then jerks it back, dropping her mouth. “Prince Jon, you’re the real prince of Great Britain…”
Jon smiles and reaches for her hand, caressing it, nods. The girl blushes then bats her eyelashes with flirtation intentions, saying softly. “I’m Dolly. I am so honored to shake your hand, Your…”
“…Hindiness,” Woot slams into Jon’s back. “We need to get moving out of the openness of the lobby arena in case someone likes your heart more than your hand, prince,” blocks his body around the short prince, since he’s the officially paid body guard.
Jon nods then clears his throat. “You are very kind,” wraps his hand around her arm. “Could you personal escort us to the judge’s section?”
Dolly nods and smiles slowly swinging them towards the auditorium as Woot follows behind. “Yes, of course, Your Highness Prince Jon, welcome to the VBC or the Von Brown Center. I’m your event coordinator for your duties as judge…”
“Where’s my personal event coordinator? Don’t I get one too?” Woot chuckles and walks behind Jon and Dolly, darting eyeballs left, right and around for any trouble.
Dolly walks too close to Jon, tossing her arm around the space. “This is the entrance hall into the VBC. The VBC seats 2003 persons inside the concert hall. You can see live a Broadway musical show or a beautiful ballet or a concert symphony or a wild country music show. There are individual dressing rooms for the show stars, an orchestra pit, a reception room with food and an excellent sound and lighting system. Maybe, we can take in a woodwind concert after your judgeship duties, Prince Jon,” giggles. Jon smiles as she says. “The Von Brown Center requires a Certificate of Liability Insurance up to one million dollars in case an accident…”
“Again,” Woot chuckles, darting both eyelids behind his ass at any rear assaults on Prince Jon.
She smiles. “The VBC is very convenient to the local hotels, restaurants and other fun attractions like the grass park across the street. I usually eat lunch there…”
“The time is1:43 pm. Beep!” Woot laughs, darting his eyelids around the balcony and stairs for any assaults targeting the Prince of Great Britain.
Dolly leads up the stairs. “This is the hat-shaped stage where all the girls promenade in the evening gowns. She will walk out then stand here and smile for you, Prince Jon…”
“…and smile for me too, darling,” Woot chuckles, scanning the empty auditorium.
Dolly steps down the stairs then out the side door and across an empty hallway. She opens the door, smiling at Jon. “You have arrived, Prince Jon…”
“We have arrived, Judge Woot,” Woot chuckles standing behind Jon’s ass.
She winks at Jon. “I can escort you back towards your limo, if you call my cell. Here’s my card for dinner, maybe. Is the air conditioning temperature to your liking, Prince Jon? I can contact the technician running the lighting, heating and air conditioning…”
Woot shoves Jon through the archway. “Are you heated now, Your Highness? Do you require some a cup of cold water or a short colder shower? Nope, I thought not,” he scoots around Jon towards the tall male with a silly smile.
Male: tall, balding hair, pale skin, business suit, necktie. He smiles and extends his hand to Woot. “Good afternoon, I am the head judge of all the judges for the Lily Pageant. And you are?”
“Woot, Hoot, Captain,” Woot smiles and sniggers as Jon stands beside him, studying the American’s silly manner.
“Captain Hoot…Woot,” the head judge frowns with confusion when soft giggles echo in room.
“I forgot I got promoted. I’m a Major Woot Hoot today.” Woot smiles and nods as Jon chuckles.
The head judge frowns then views Jon, nodding. “Ahem! Welcome, Prince Jon! Major, you will sit on the left side of His Royal Highness Prince Jon at the end of the judge’s table, if you please,” Woot and Jon move towards the table. The head judge swings to the clothed table standing in the middle of the room, smiling and nodding, says. “I am very pleased with all our judges for the Miss Lily Pageant this afternoon. We are presented by numerous sports stars from the various sporting activities of ice hockey, football, basketball plus our local celebrities and our most important guest judge Prince Jon,” claps with the others. “This is the interview process which counts for thirty percent of the girl’s total scoring points of hundred. We will interview each girl one at a time then break for lunch. There is a notepad and pencil in front of each chair. Please use the pencil and mark down a number between one and thirty for the girl’s performance interviewing. At the end of the session these points will be added to her swimsuit and evening dress competition. Do you have any questions for me?”
Woot raises his pencil, smiling. “When is the swimsuit competition?”
The head judge smiles. “This morning, you missed the event. I am so sorry to announce. Thank you for inquiring,” moves to sit at the table. “Please bring in the first girl…,” when the door opens.

3:34 pm.
Woot wiggles his ass side to side inside the barely padded fabric cloth colored in manly hues of tan, red, and golden lining the bottom of the hard chair beside Jon. He scribbles the 66th set of pretty curly curls on the provided paper with the pencil. He isn’t one of the judges just the justice, body guarding with a right shooting hand plus babysitting with a left shoving hand on the royal-pain-in-his-ass Prince Jon for the next two days of beauty pageant woes. He performs an average scribble of six pretty curly curls per girl. So far, there’ve been eleven since 1:47 pm between four potty breaks and five coffee breaks. Woot has quit lip drooling over each pretty plastic bubble-headed, shallow mice-squeaking, false-faking body part female almost one hour, thirteen minutes, and six seconds ago. He can’t believe how fake and shallow the newly dubbed species named Beauty Babe or BB are. In addition, BB exhibits a simple set of boring English words forming a limited two or three English sentence making for some non-excited movements inside his white undies. Woot crosses his leg shaking his boot up and down staring at the next pretty beauty contestant. She sits and shakes her sandal side to side too.
Jon scoots into Woot’s space, whispering. “See your doctor…”
Woot darts his eyelids to Jon, whispering. “What?!”
The head judge smiles at her. “What is your ultimate goal in life Miss…”
Jon says, writing the number thirty next to the contestant’s US State since he is a judge but doesn’t want to insult any one of the pretty American beauty contestants. “She has muscle spasms caused by dehydration or muscle overuse or nerve irritation or low levels of potassium mineral or a calcium deficiency. She can walk around to relieve the pain or shake your leg and stretch the muscle. If the cramps persist see your doctor…”
“I wanna feed the starving children too. Thank you,” the beauty contestant has long black hair and green eyes. She smiles and stands, exiting the room.
“Shut it, princess,” exhales Woot, writing the number zero next to the US State since he is a non-judge. He awards the number zero points for his zero participation. He notices that Jon has written thirty points by each girl’s US State which is the maximum points for the interviewing process. He chuckles at the chicken shit prince.
The head judge asks the next contestant, smiling. “What is your ultimate goal in life Miss…”
Jon leans into Woot then whispers. “She has a set of raccoon eyes...”
Woot writes zero next to the name then frowns at Jon. “What!?”
Jon writes the number thirty next to her name, whispering. “A set of raccoon eyes represents two dark circles around the eye sockets which can be blamed on age or fatigue. The lack of sleep makes your skin pale emphasizing the dark circles too. Allergies also lead to dark circles plus heredity.”
“…and I wanna feed the starving children too. Thank you…,” the beauty contestant has long blonde hair and blue eyes. She smiles and stands, exiting the room.
“Shut it, princess,” frowns Woot.
The head judge nods and smiles at the next girl. “What is your ultimate goal in life Miss…”
Jon writes the number thirty next to the girl’s US State, whispering for Woot’s ears only. “Eyelid spasms are unpredictable, bothersome, and harmless. Eye twitching can be caused by stress, fatigue, eyestrain, caffeine, dry eyes or neurological disorders like Tourette’s syndrome. Any eyelid spasm will go away by itself or you can use a Botox injection…”
“…and I wanna feed the starving children too. Thank you…,” the beauty contestant has long red hair and brown eyes. She smiles and stands, exiting the room.
Woot frowns at Jon. “Are any of these girls some what almost hundred perfect for you, Your Hindiness?”
The head judge smiles and nods at the next contestant. “What is your ultimate goal in life Miss…”
“No,” says Jon, staring at the girl. Woot writes the number zero next to the girl’s US State when Jon writes the number zero, whispering. “She sweats with nervousness. Excessive sweating is hyperhidrosis. It’s a mood killer for sex with lots of smelly water on the palms, the soles and inside the armpits easily treated by a physician.”
“…and I wanna feed the starving children too. Thank you…,” the beauty contestant has short brown hair and brown eyes. She smiles and stands, exiting the room.
“Shut it, princess,” Woot frowns.
The head judge smiles and nods at the next girl. “What is your ultimate goal in life Miss…”
“The first sign,” winks Jon. Woot frowns then writes the number zero next to the girl’s US State when Jon smirks and whispers. “Earwax fights a bodily infection keeping the ears clean through the ear opening. You should keep both fingers and cotton swabs out of your ear canals. If you continuous clean earwax out of the ear the impaction could cause a hearing loss. Do not clean your eardrums.”
“Shut it, princess,” Woot wiggles a finger inside his other eardrum away from Jon then views the yellow earwax, exhaling. “Ugh!”
The next contestant prisses with a sexy strut towards the single chair, smiling and nodding. She wears a pair of bright red cowgirl boots under her short white dress. She sits on the edge of the chair with both hands inside her lap like a good southern belle.
The head judge smiles and nods at the girl. “What is your ultimate goal in life Miss…”
She smiles then says. “I don’t wanna answer that question. I wanna ask you a question. Is that allowed for my interviewing process?”
The head judge scans the other judges along the table, nodding. “Is that allowed? Does anyone know the official Miss Lily pageant rules for this request from a beauty contestant?”
Jon smiles and nods at the bold girl. “I am making it allowed today. Please proceed with your question, miss.”
“…Ana. Thank you, Judge. In the country of Japan, when you are meeting on a first time date with a nice guy for supper, what is the official formal greeting?” she giggles. Woot smiles at her then pulls his mobile telephone along with some of the judges looking for the correct answer to the bold challenge.
One of the judges says thumbing his mobile telephone. “Gimme a sec! I’m using my cell phone for the answer.”
Woot smiles quickly finding the answer on his mobile telephone. He views her, winking. “What is your blood type?” he laughs with the other judges.
Ana giggles, nodding. “You are correct, Mr. Judge. Blood type A means that you are hard-working, neat and sensitive. Type O blood means you are an independent and logical self starter. Beware! Pesky mosquitoes like O type blood too. Type AB blood is the rarest all human blood inside the biological body who exhibit thinking and memory problems, meaning ya forget a lot…”
Woot winks and smiles, “Ana definitely isn’t blood type AB.”
Ana nods. “The expression, ‘blood is thicker than water’ comes from the Middle Eastern culture meaning, warriors brothers, who shared their blood they had shed in a war battle, were closer than biological brothers.”
Jon smiles and says. “I do believe the Englishmen originated the expression, stressing the importance of bloodlines while keeping the money within the royal family tree,” laughs with the others. “You are highly entertaining, Ana. I hope we see more of you later this week. Thank you very much for an intriguing interview.”
Ana stands and nods. “You’re very welcome. Bye, ya’ll!”
Woot leans into Jon. “There’s the winner of Miss Lily beauty contest. Now erase all the thirty points from the other girls and give them zero points then give her all your thirty points for the interview portion,” when Jon smiles and nods. He scribbles the number thirty for Ana while changing all the other US States to the number zero for Woot.

August 25th. Saturday. 5:05 pm.
Hucks parks the truck in the loose gravel then kills the engine. He smiles and turns towards the back seat. “Cody and Jon, get ready for another American surprise.” He slides out the door then trots around the front bumper opening the passenger door for Fern. He grabs the baby making funny sounds into the baby’s face like a loving father then cuddles the baby onto his shoulders as Fern scoots into the gravel. Jon walks ahead into the open and tall airplane hanger, scanning the landscape.
Fern grabs Cody’s arm, whispering. “The fourth team member of the American squad has been briefed on the situation but usually likes to ignore all the military orders so just play along. Okay, Cody?” Cody nods in silence, grinning and chuckling at the new situation.
Hucks smiles and walks underneath the open and tall hanger, seeing the solo figure standing in the darkness. “Hey Woot!”
“Moot!?” Cody chuckles walking with Fern then stops and stands between Hucks and Jon.
Woot snarls at the young teen-ass, “Woot.”
Cody has some fun with the adult asswipe, smirking. “Ya know contrary to common misuse, the word ‘moot’ doesn’t imply something is superfluous. It means the subject being either a person, a place or a thing is open to debate, an Englishman definition. Am I correct there, Prince Jon?”
“Ay, mate!” Jon winks at Woot.
Woot frowns and fingers Cody, snarling. “Who’s the baby smart-ass?”
Cody nods and grins. “Contrary to ubiquitous misuse, it means you possess the ability to produce nausea in others being persons, mammals, or aliens, an American definition.” Fern laughs when Woot sneers.
Hucks chuckles. “This Woot is nauseous too but I love the baby smart-ass.”
Woot frowns with annoyance at Cody. “Damn, how old are you, kid?”
“Seventeen years, ten months, eight days, six hours, four minutes, and two seconds.” Cody looks at the wrist watch then winks at Woot.
Woot grins wickedly. “Man, a childish minor that I can’t beat the shit out of yet. Ya know time is a steady variable that waits on no man even a baby smart-ass that becomes an adult smart-ass in less than two months. Set your cell phone properly, son,” laughs with the others.
Hucks nods and grunts. “Ignore Woot, he lives in the stupid zone.”
“Drop zone!?” Cody frowns with confusion.
Fern nods and giggles. “Hucks keeps us inside the stupid zone too.”
Cody leads through the hanger which is shaped like a tall tunnel then exits into the sunlight. He drops his mouth, stopping and fingering the object. “Hey, it’s a green-colored Choo Choo train!” he walks towards the object, smiling and nodding.
Jon drops his mouth at the object. “What’s this contraption, Woot?”
“A cab of an engine train, Your Hindiness. Gawd, don’t they teach first graders to toot.” Woot chuckles and nods for his fun amusement along with Fern and Hucks.
“An engine train on a small siding, where’s does your engines stop, Woot?” Cody walks in the grass and narrows his eyelids staring into the far distance ahead of the train.
“My personal train car numbered 518, puke green body with a black roof top, fog lights and fog horn,” Woot smiles and nods walking towards the entrance door of the engine compartment.
“How in the hell did ya buy a train?” Cody stops and studies the train car.
“Retired ex-Burlington Northern NW2, I snagged her before she was stored and used perhaps for parts,” Woot stands beside Cody, smiling and studying his train.
“Are you wealthy, Woot?” Jon stops and studies the two objects, an engine compartment pulling a separate matching neon green colored box car.
“Gots more money than Jesus, not God,” Woot stands in a row with Fern, Hucks, Jon, and Cody admiring the engine and train car.
“Woot means that Brother Jesus didn’t use money living as a poor person saving lives on planet Earth.” Hucks laughs. “So Woot’s fortune is closer to God’s and lesser than Satan’s.”
“Good place to be right between God and Satan.” Fern nods and smiles.
Woot fingers the box car. “The old girl was property of TVA. They be one of many US Federal Government agencies that donate old pieces of equipment mostly in sorry-ass bulk to the cities of Huntsville, Decatur, and Athens for the town’s local Railroad Museum. Since it be important for them local young rednecks and belles to remember that the mobile telephone and the service utility vehicle didn’t always exist for all their mommies and daddies during the 1980s. A good buddy of mine got wind of the private choo-choo train sell. So I stepped up my ostrich boots and gave the Railroad Museum a fat donation check to purchase other old girl paying the nice free labored volunteers. They gave me the engine.”
Cody smiles and fingers the object. “This is the front of the Cab, the engine. This switcher is configured for remote control operation, ya’ll. See the three antennas mounted on the roof. From left to right, the first antenna is a 900 MHz unit for radio data monitoring. The second is a VHF whip for satellite radio messages. And the last whip is a 2.4 GHz antenna connected to a Wi-Fi card on a computer unit. O man, a Wi-Fi card can access television programs, sporting games, internet videos and provide GPS navigation to any other destination city in the USA,” smiles and stomps up the steps, entering the engine. Cody laughs. “The door sign reads: All Aboard.”
“All of the above, Cody.” Hucks nods, carrying the baby, follows behind Cody.
“Cody is very intelligent.” Jon follows behind Hucks.
“Baby smart-ass, who invited him to my tea party?” Woot follows behind Jon.
“The US Federal Government, your boss, and me,” Hucks stands against one of the two side windows inside the engine compartment for viewing the landscape, holding the baby.
Fern stomps up the stairs, giggling. “All of the above, Woot.”

Woot Toot executive train.
Woot walks towards the archway the slides the door open, leading into the second car. “I re-furnished the old girl into a posh lady. Then I added the restored ancient F-box car unit creating a beautifully sexually enhanced romantic Hollywood ‘theater’ car which makes the Woot Toot executive train.”
“How are you able to slide the Woot Toot executive train from your home to your place of employment without getting arrested and jailed for utilizing a US Federal railroad system?” Jon scans the engine compartment of modern electronics for power and function of a train.
Cody stands in front of the framed glass bolted onto the metal wall, reading out loud. “Spec Sheet. Model is NW2. Type is B-B switcher. Built on August 18, 1946. Series number 1118. Engine is 12 cylinders, 1,000 horses. Yee-haw.”
Woot fingers out the window. “The Huntsville and Madison County Railroad Authority was created in the year 1984 by the two named city governments of Huntsville and Madison. The original siding rail was a 14-mile short line from the small town of Athens to the middle of metro city of Huntsville. Based on an expensive taste or a big screw-up by the railroad administration the Louisville and Nashville Railroad Authority abandoned the branch line leaving completely intact the track siding or rails as layman said. However, the land feuding between Madison, Athens, and Huntsville broke up the red clay causing some of the siding to be damaged...”
“…with guns and knives,” chuckles Cody.
“Naw, solider boy the home construction industry in the year 1984 exploded then the 14-mile short line became the tiniest private railroad system in the history of the world of three miles. Boom! Boom! Boom! Your Hindiness assness,” Woot laughs with an evil tone.
“Too many ‘nesses,’ Woot.” Fern takes the baby from Hucks, rocking back and forth, smiling at her sleeping child.
“Actually I could’ve added some more hindies into that English sentence.” Woot winks at Jon tossing his hands, smiling. “Welcome to Woot Depot! This is Bama’s smallest body union depot in the USA. It serves more than one thousand whores when running smoothly,” laughs then swings into the box car.
“So when running roughly ya fuck the top half of the thousand whores,” Cody laughs entering the second box car behind Woot.
“The kid’s sharp.” Hucks laughs following behind Cody.
Woot frowns, spinning and standing in the middle of the second box car. “Naw.”
“Yup, the kid’s sharper then Woot.” Hucks laughs.
Woot tosses his hands, smiling. “Naw, the centerpiece of Woot Depot is the man-cave,” nods. Cody scans the room, walking and touching the objects. “Wow, this is awesome. Three seventy-inched plasmas on every fucking wall, a smart usage of good geographical smallness. One, two, three, four, five rows of lounge chairs for 25 people,” views Woot. “Ya got 25 friendlies, Woot?”
Hucks laughs walking around the man-cave too. “Naw, he gots 25 uglies.”
Woot says. “Ride my train, boys! The Woot Depot is open every night from five pm to pass out moment. Visitors, please feel free to do a self-guided tour. Be warned. You are required to obey all the display signs…”
Cody leans into the new archway. “My gawd, there’s a four bed mattresses in here.”
Hucks smiles and taps the sign above the archway. “Read the sign, Cody!”
Cody looks up. “The above sign over the archway reads: Fuck here!” He views Woot, smiling and nodding. “Where’s the whore, Woot?”
Woot shakes his skull, laughing. “BYOB, bring your own babe to the Woot Depot. I can’t supply every single gawddamn detail, man.”
“Eat here!” Hucks fingers the wall sitting at one of three Pub tables with four chairs for watching the football, munching on food, drinking a cold beer.
“Rest here!” Cody slides into one of the lounge chairs kicking up his boot toes in front of one of the television plasmas, smiling and laughing.
“Drink here!” Fern sits at the bar, rocking the sleeping baby. Cody laughs and scans the room with enjoyment.
Woot laughs then leads out the man-cave. “Ya ain’t seen nothing yet. Follow the leader!”

Engine room.
Woot scoots through the archway back into the spacious engine compartment, stands and touches the television screen. The screen displays vertical and horizontal city streets of metro city Huntsville. Cody fingers and nods, saying. “Whoa, this is a mounted computer wired with GPS navigation available at all times for listening to data radio monitoring of the dispatcher to the conductor to the rail yard…”
Woot smiles and nods at Cody. “You be the bestest rail-fan in Bama, Cody.”
Hucks frowns with confusion scooting into the bench seating for riding passengers. “Rail-fan!? I’m heard of a football fan, a computer fan, a rotating fan…”
Cody drops to his knees studying the hidden compartment of electronic equipment, saying. “Whoa, a H8F4E-PB mini-ITX motherboard which board casts with a Geode NX 1760, that’s a 1.4 GHz mobile processor. This system hardly breaks a smelly fart being so quiet along with the JetPac motherboard. The computer system has 512 mega ram, a laptop hard drive, and a wireless network card.”
“What’s Cody saying?” Fern smiles at her sleeping baby, wiping the drool from his parted lips.
Cody nods and fingers each electronic. “You can play video games of war while drinking ya beer without driving.”
Jon sits across from Fern and Hucks. “Cody has just scientifically explained how the remote control system works on Woot Toot’s train.”
“See, here on the left side on the gray panel under the seven-inched LCD television monitor. This small hole is the infrared remote control devise to guide Woot Toot’s train into the train depot at the Von Brown Center. Wow!” Cody smiles and nods at all the gadgets.
“The remote control is very sophisticated,” says Jon.
“Unlike her master…,” smiles Hucks.
Woot slides open the conductor window pressing a button, smiling. “I can open all the side windows inside the cab, change the volume on the MP3 player, and skip through the boring songs on the MP3 playlist, without using a mouse or keyboard. The electronic signal will dim the compartment lights in my private train car for ya know…”
“Ya know, I don’t know.” Jon winks at Hucks.
“Jon needs some Bama redneck lessons immediately for ya know,” Hucks winks at Jon.
Woot fingers his skull. “Cody volunteers to show Jon, ya know.”
Cody fingers the object. “The Northern Southern railway uses TWC or track warrant control through this area of Bama with remote control interlocking over the Tennessee River….”
Woot smiles and pats the small black box in the center of gray leather console. The box displays the digital number 160.180. “This box scanner picks up all rail-fan frequencies for the AAR Channel 18, 160.180 NS Road on Channel 1; AAR Channel 09, 160.245 NS from Dispatcher to Train on Channel 1; AAR Channel 48, 160.830 NS from Train to Dispatcher on Channel 2; AAR Channel 11, 160.275 NS PBX between the city of Huntsville and the switching station at Sheffield. And finally AAR Channel 17, 160.190 is me. I am the Huntsville and Madison County Railroad Authority…”
“Arrogant son of a bitch.” Hucks laughs.
“That’s Brother Jesus. I’m much, much more,” smiles Woot.
“Wow!” Cody hovers his finger on the lever. “If you slide a finger shifting to the right, panning the control to one channel or another ya can pick up more channels…”
“Don’t touch my box, son.” Woot frowns at Cody.
Cody whispers. “Sorry! The left control is for the road channels and right hears all the yard channels. The time of day and weather conditions both impact on how far ya can hear the EDDs.”
“EDDs!?” Hucks inquires.
Cody says and scans the electronic equipment. “EDD is the Equipment Defect Detectors coming from the scanner that ya can hear at NS milepost 372.0; NS milepost 358.5; NS milepost 338.0; CSX Milepost 299.7…”
“Great, Cody.” Hucks chuckles.
Woot frowns at Hucks, fingering Cody. “What is It?”
“A smarter man than ya, bro,” Hucks winks.
Cody says. “Ya can hear all the live scanner auto feeds from the city of Decatur where only one single train can cross over the Tennessee River on a bridge owned by Norfolk Southern. But NS and CXS are train rival…”
“Rail fan,” nods Jon.
“The bridge sees more CXS traffic per day then it does thoroughbred traffic, ya know like the executive trains such-like the Woot Toot train. The city of Decatur railway is on the NS Memphis to Chattanooga route and the CXS rails the Nashville to Birmingham routes. Therefore both NS and CXS occupy a medium-sized rail yard for interchange traffic and local industry loads from carrying chemical products to pet food manufacturing boxes to cotton boll trailers all loaded along the Tennessee River here in Decatur. The scanner feeds are set up for two monitoring radios, one for the local road channels and one for the local rail yard. Each radio signal is fed to only one audio channel on the scanner so both the road and yard action can be monitored via a single live feed using the newest computer software configuration. And if you’re damn lucky ya get to actually hear the very last words of the cab engineer right before his tragic death from a two car train wreck before the bridge since the dispatcher warns of any on-coming trains…”
Woot frowns with annoyance. “You’re mental sick, Cody.”
“You’re sexy, Woot.” Fern winks.
Woot blows the whistle on the train and sings too. “Toot!”
Hucks smiles. “Start your engines, Conductor Woot.”
Cody stands and spins to Woot, nodding. “Yee-haw! Can I stay up here in the cab, Conductor Woot? Listen to the dispatcher.”
Woot presses the levers and buttons at the conductor station. “We all are staying up here inside the cab since the Woot Toot executive car is off limits for seventeen years old children. Right, Hucks?”
“Minor child,” nods Fern.
Woot leans out the window, saying. “Ya don’t see any additional railway tracks for extra runs of box cars or even one storage warehouse for shipping horse shit of cargo, only tons and tons of sweet smelling cedar and pine trees filling my eyeballs with pretty green woodlands and the sweet sound of eagles eating doves. Sometimes I see a herd of bucks and does grazing along the railings in the morning when I speed to work,” chuckles.
“Talk about avoiding vehicle traffic jams.” Cody leans out the opposite window, smiling, feels the cool breeze on his face.
Jon studies his moblie telephone. “The railway distance is extremely short. Is this correct, Woot.”
Woot leans out the window enjoying the fresh cool breeze too. “Tell the good-hearted prince, Hucks.”
Hucks laughs. “The distance is three point seven miles from Woot’s parking hanger to the train station.”
Jon reads out loud from his mobile telephone. “You can drive a car from your carport going one mile on the Heart of Huntsville Drive then turn right on Clinton Avenue. Then you drive for another two miles then turn left traveling point zero seven miles, stopping your vehicle inside the parking lot of the Von Brown Complex. Why in the hell would you bother steering with an expensively overpriced state-of-the-art satellite controlled piece of iron painted in green like a human’s mouth vomit down three point seven miles to the VBC?”
“….for shit and giggles, Prince,” Woot laughs. “Ya need to learn that us Americans love to spend the borrowed monetary funds of the other foreign government’s money, since we pissed our own monies down the shit toilet to the Mexico drug cartels chasing their friends, family, and foes off of the USA soil.”
“So false, Woot.” Fern frowns rocking the baby.
“So true, Woot.” Hucks nods, frowning with disgust.
“How many minutes to travel 3.7 miles track speeding at 25 miles per hour for us to get to the train depot?” Jon asks.
“Velocity equals distance divided by time. Therefore time equals distance divided by velocity. Time equals 3.7 miles divided by 25 mile per hour equals 0.148 hours. Then 0.148 hours times 60 minutes equals 8.88 minutes. Convert the point eighty-eight minutes times sixty seconds equals .528 seconds. The answer is 8 minutes and 53 seconds,” smiles Hucks.
“Or 25 miles divided by 60 minutes equals .416666 miles per minute. Next, 3.7 miles to travel divided by .416666 miles per minute equal 8.88 minutes. Then, ya convert the point eighty-eight minutes by doing the math of .88 times 60 seconds equals to .528 seconds. Finally, pair the minutes and seconds, ya get 8 minutes, 53 seconds,” says Woot.
“Or 25 miles an hour is driving or remote control steering a train one mile in 2.4 minutes or two minutes and 24 seconds. Then, 2.4 minutes per mile times 2.7 miles is 8.88 minutes or doing the conversions of seconds. 8 minutes, 53 seconds,” says Fern.
“You yanks are all smart-asses,” laughs Jon.
“Many times over, princess,” Woot turns and winks at Cody.
Cody laughs then sings. “Switcher 518 rolling, rolling, rolling,” watching the birds and squirrels scat from the loud noise.
Woot smiles. “Use the rail engineer’s term, Cody. We’re traveling at a good clip with one single box car running track speed...”
“I love this.” Cody smiles and leans out into the breeze.
“A little boy’s wet dream.” Hucks chuckles at Cody having a good time among the bad shit of his previous days.
“It is the late afternoon around five-ten as the crew of Woot Toot on the 518 cruises northeast-bound towards the bridge of Clinton Street. The final destination is on Von Brown Center train station,” says Woot.
Jon smiles. “How fast does a train travel…”
“…to kill a man,” Hucks laughs and stares at Jon then views the ceiling. He winks at Jon. “Well, let’s see I’ve never calculated the math. So an average man’s walking speed when strutting like a turkey around his chicken farm is three miles per hour.”
“At 45 miles-per-hour, the train is moving at 66 feet-per-second.” Cody reads from the mobile telephone standing at the window.
“A human doesn’t explode like firecrackers but might be torn open like gutting a bass fish. Ya ever gutted a pond fish, Your Hindiness?” Woot laughs.
Fern reads her mobile telephone. “A human might die of blunt force trauma getting bashed to death by the engine nose or if he goes underneath the wheels then he gets his ass ground up into small bits of bass fish food from the iron tracks,” smiles at Jon.
Cody reads his mobile telephone. “Here it is. Based on last year’s US Federal Government report documenting all fatalities on or around a single railroad track, half of the deaths occurred with the train going slower than five miles-per-hour. Wow!”
Hucks laughs. “Cody likes that word a lot for a seventeen year old.”
Cody reads his mobile telephone. “The government report cites some examples of railway deaths. Some folks get conked in the skull by a slow train moving at human walking speed, three miles-per-hour. Some more reported deaths occur, when passengers and/or drivers of a car drive at 40 miles-per-hour into the side of a crawling train or when teen-ass kids dash under a stationary train getting their skull crushed or arm limbs severed by the rolling metal then bleed out.”
“Good punishment for them stupid teen-ass kids,” nods Hucks.
Cody reads his mobile telephone. “Or a human get killed walking at three miles-per-hour along a single track of train in the bright sunlight for some fucking-ass crazy reason, since the gawddamn moving train don’t give a shit, if you stand on the steel or near the steel. When the Mr. Train hits your ass the smashed human becomes a cozy pillow cushion while at the same time accelerating the human’s speed equal to the train-moving speed. Then the human goes from zero miles-per-hour to 25 mile-per-hours in a few milliseconds, which is called delta-acceleration...”
“Jerk speed,” laughs Hucks. 
Cody smiles at him. “That’s brilliant, Hucks.”
Hucks smiles. “Thanks, kindly.”
Cody reads his mobile telephone. “Delta-acceleration is the amount of time that passes while the velocity is changing too damn fucking fast even for death,” laughs with the others.
“That’s brilliant, Cody,” Hucks winks at the kid. “A train injury is similar to an idiot purposefully jumping off cowboy boots first from a four-story patio balcony however an idiot would never purposefully do that...”
“A new posed question, how fast does a car travel to kill a man?” Fern smiles.
“Standing up towards heaven or kneeling down to God, because ya gonna need some healing in either stance,” laughs Woot.
Cody reads his mobile telephone. “Traveling less then five miles-per-hour, the impact of the car will cause lots of internal bleeding of your smashed biological organs like your heart or lungs with almost no exterior clinical signs of body injuries. And that kills a man too.”
“See, cars kill, not people.” Woot smiles.
“Gun kills, not assholes.” Jon smiles.
Woot withdraws his hand pistol then aims at Jon. Jon smirks when Hucks sneers. Woot grins. “Wanna review my second amendment, buddy?”
“Assholes kill, not guns or cars.” Jon grins and nods at asshole Woot.
“Good saying, redneck prince.” Woot nods and chuckles.
“If ya ride your sissy yellow-colored banana-seated bicycle at a top speed of ten miles-per-hour into a brick wall, multiply that force by a factor of number three plus the gross tonnage of a locomotive which exceeds your body weight by 269,850 times, since a locomotive can move a fully loaded semi-tractor truck all the way to the muddy banks of the Tennessee River by itself, add in some running engines moving with 1,000 horsepower, then the impact breaks the human skeleton bones into tiny pieces, even through the skin may not be broken. The body is a sack of marrow fragments that just sags and can be hard to pick up when dead,” nods Cody.
Woot says. “Or a semi-fast moving Woot Toot train traveling at 25 miles-per-hour generates a large amount of energy to crush poor teen-ass Cody to smithereens, if Woot gets mad enough.”
Hucks frowns with annoyance. “Or hitting a jelly donut with a two-pound hammer, if you don’t move the hammer very fast like 25 miles-per-hour, ya get red blood-colored jelly on your new pair of blue jeans Woot.”
Cody laughs then licks his lips. “Jelly donut, I hungry.”
“How fast does a bullet travel to kill a man?” Hucks smiles.
Cody smiles. “At 800 feet-per-second it kills ya deader than road kill.”
“Toot,” sings Woot blowing the whistle.

VBC train station.
The train decelerates from 25 miles-per-hour when the engines automatically apply the brakes rolling to a smooth silky stop at the empty concrete platform. Woot stomps onto the cool vanilla concrete, smiles then frowns with puzzlement. “No welcoming party…”
“Those are called terrorists,” Hucks says and shoves Woot from the slender doorway of the train.
“I am pleased we do not have an American welcoming party,” laughs Jon.
Woot leads to the single glass door. “We walk from here up to the second floor then pose like a prince then exit into the lobby of the Von Brown Center.”
One of the uniformed US military guards salutes at the glass door, saying. “Sir.”
Woot laughs and nods at the young solider. “General Woot and his devoted soldiers reporting for active duty, sir.”
“You’re going to get fired, General Woot.” Fern whispers passing behind Woot’s ass then frowns with annoyance at her friend’s bad military behavior.
Woot scoots around the young solider walking along the lobby floor. “By what asshole, honey?”
“The US Federal Government, your boss, and me,” Hucks slams into Woot’s ass, whispering.
“I’m really pissing from fright onto the clean shiny tan tile, Hucks.” Woot chuckles.
Hucks walks and stares at Woot’s nose profile. “I want you to a good US soldier body and not whistle or flirt with the pretty babes and show some more respect to Prince Jon. This is an American public affair with you, me and Fern representing the US military...”
“Now, I promise no whistling that’s just tacky.” Woot smiles when the elevator doors close with Fern and Cody.
Hucks tosses a palm into Woot’s chest then slams him into the concrete wall. “I mean it, be a good Bama redneck,” snarls.
Woot smirks. “Stay calm, kids! Mama’s just a little upset,” grabs Hucks’ wrist. Woot twists and twirls Hucks into the wall slamming his back. Woot bad breathes into Hucks’ surprised face. “What’da ya do, wife fuck the mail man?”
Hucks growls. “Son of a bitch, that’ll be the last damn time you catch me off guard. Now, get the fuck off me before I demote your ass to private,” when Woot leans Hucks, snarling. Hucks slams his palms into Woot shoving away for some clean air.
Woot back steps, laughing.
Hucks turns towards the elevator slapping the button with fury.

August 27th. Monday.
Rolland’s car dealership. Huntsville. sunny. partly cloudy. no breeze. No rain. hot. humid. 85°F. 8:01 am.
Woot, Fern, Hucks, and Cody stand in a huddle in front of the sports car inside the air conditioned lobby of the car dealership. Hucks tugs on Woot’s new sports jacket frowning with confusion. “I said green fatigues for both show and might…”
Woot slaps on Hucks’ hand. “I picked my nicest sporting jacket for show and presentation. I’m escorting Ana around…”
Hucks frowns with annoyance, shaking his cropped red skull. “Naw, Cody’s escorting and body guarding Ana. He’s the show man. You’re the mighty muscles, Woot…”
Woot frowns then mouth spits missing Hucks military boots, accidentally. He sours at Hucks then studies teen-ass Cody. “I go with the newly crowned young adult Miss Lily Pageant winner of the USA. I’m one of the real judges. He’s…he’s a teen-ass child. He acts like a teen-ass child and looks like a teen-ass child, Hucks.”
Hucks laughs. “He’s handsome and young compared to you old man. The rich owner of the car dealership wants Cody to escort the beauty queen and the other beauty queen,” laughs with Fern.
Woot frowns with puzzlement, viewing his boot toes then Hucks. “What other beauty queen?”
“His Hindiness, princess…,” frowns Hucks.
Woot smiles then frowns and sours. “O yeah, my special nickname for Jon. He didn’t mind…”
Hucks scoots into Woot’s face, sneering. “I do mind. You don’t escort Ana. Cody does. You don’t talk. I do. You don’t stand here. Fern does. You go and hide behind the curtain number two in the rear of the sports car. Your orders from your superior, solider…”
Woot frowns with annoyance saying with sourness. “Fine, I be behind the curtain playing on cell phone and other protruded parts for fun and pleasure so don’t bother me…”
Hucks shoves Woot towards the car then scoots them behind the curtains. “We all stay and stand here behind the curtains out of sight of the crowd and out of the way of the television reporters. Cody, go and stand with Jon. Ana’s coming out of the dressing trailer. They had to adjust her crown or makeup or pretty something...”
“Yes, sir,” Cody smirks then spins walking towards Jon.
Hucks follows Woot behind the curtain then whips out his switchblade exposing the silver then slices a diagonal slant into the dark curtain for eyeballing the assess of the Cody and Ana. Woot, Hucks, Fern, and Cody are assigned as body guards for Ana, the newly crowned Miss Lily in hopes of capturing Brone alive and well. They hope Brone tries to murder Ana then he will be murdered instead.
The media reporter: average height, brown hair, blue eyes. She presses down her hair then grabs the microphone. She walks then scoots between Rolland and Jon. She smiles holding Jon’s arm. “We’ll live, gentlemen! Please smile and look into the camera lens. I will conduct the entire show selling you some cars, Rolland and eating lunch with Jon. Hello America, I’m here at the Rolland Car Dealership where the newest sports car from England is being driven on top of US soil. Prince Jon has graciously offered to drive me along the paved roads of Birmingham with the top down blowing my hair in the cool breeze…,” when the glass wall inside the lobby of the car dealership explodes then cracks. It shatters with tiny pings then falls covering the flooring and the television camera crew members as they scream and run from the broken glass.
Cody stands and stares at the shocking event when a group of golden helmets and matching one piece jumpsuits leap over the broken glass from outside the external building. Three tall golden helmets each grab at Ana then Cody and finally Jon. They shuffle backwards towards the closest sports car shooting with guns. They kill car owner Rolland and the other car dealership employees and the invited local guests inside the dealership floor. The non-dead invited guests and television and newspaper media people scream and run from the car dealership lobby.
Fern jerks the arms of both Woot and Hucks from the curtains into the lower hallway. Fern had memorized the layout of the car dealership by electronic computer before attending the publicity event of the first photographic shooting of the Miss Lily Pageant. She leads down a narrow hallway then stops scouting the hidden doorway. Hucks and Woot watch her. Fern feels the seamed door with her naked fingertips then slams the metal with a folded fist. The door cracks open. She jerks the door open then climbs a set of narrow dark steps inside an enclosed passageway. Hucks and Woot nod in silence as she dashes up the stairs.

Lobby floor.
Ana is blinded and tied by her wrists standing beside golden helmet one in front of the exposed window wall frame as the police stand and watch the horror inside the lobby. Golden helmet two holds his gun at Jon’s eardrum. Jon has tied wrists behind his back not blind folded so the television camera can see his frightened expression.
Golden helmet three stands between Cody and Ana. Cody is not blind folded but struggles with the ropes behind his back. His kidnapper smiles behind the helmet not showing any facial features, shouting and motioning. “Come here little TV reporters! Take all your pictures newspaper photographers before we blow Prince Jon to the new kingdom of God…”
Golden helmet one rattles the ropes around Ana shouting into the gathered crowd of police, media television reporters, and nosy on-lookers within the gathering crowd of Americans. “We demand a ransom of $50 million dollars in Euros, not lousy US dollars for Prince Jon and his lady fair. Or we execute them on live television for our fun entertainment, ya’ll. I like visiting the south here with your funny sayings, ya’ll…”

Observation lounge.
Woot lies on the smooth tile aiming his hand gun at the golden helmet one holding Ana. Fern is between Woot and Hucks on her stomach pointing her gun at the golden helmet two holding Jon. Hucks aims the gun at Cody’s golden helmet three.
Fern whispers. “Ready…”
Woot smirks. “Which bandit is mine?”
Hucks whispers, “The one on the extreme right next to Ana hurting her arm. Do not hit Ana, Woot!”
Woot smirks. “I won’t.”
Fern whispers. “Set…”
Woot says. “Can I take out the one on the left of Ana too?”
Hucks smirks. “Naw, he’s mine.”
“Shoot…,” says Fern.
Woot takes a breathe holding the air molecules, presses the trigger.
Three bullets whamp from three individual guns hitting directly into three individual back muscles on the left side then flies out three individual heart organs of three golden helmets. The golden helmets wavier side to side in shock and blood spurts.
Ana screams back pedaling from her captive. Cody smashes the bicep of his captive then grabs Ana’s hand. They back pedal into the sports car then around the car away from the wobbling and wiggling bad guys.
Jon two-steps then stands in stationary pose smiling and watching the nasty killing action. His capture stumbles forward then falls on the floor into the broken glass.
Cody wraps his arms around Ana back stepping from the broken glass, the buzzing television camera lens, and the dead captives. He slams his back muscles into the office desk then stops.
The television crew rush to record the deaths and blood then interview Prince Jon. Jon smiles and fingers the dead person. “I am so grateful…”
Woot rushes from the curtains to Ana grabbing her shoulders, pulls her into chest. He smiles. “I’m Woot, the judge who answered your Japanese romance question during the interview process. Remember me, sweetheart?” he removes the blindfold from her pretty eyes, smiling.
Ana gasps then pants with fear and fright. “Woot,” she back pedals from Woot, the dead bodies and Jon’s television interview of bravery.
Woot tosses the fabric to the floor without cutting off her ropes, winks. “Hey princess!”
Ana frowns then smiles with the recognition of him as one of the judges while calming her beating heart and racing neurons. “Woot!?”
Woot chuckles and cuddles her. “You’re cool, honey being able to remember my name during all this fucking shit.”
“Woot!?” she gasps and pants.
“I saved ya, darling.” Woot tosses his arms, smiling and nodding.
“Please untie the rope. The ropes are hurting my arms,” she exhales, struggling with the tight ropes cutting into her naked wrists.
Woot cuddles and chuckles. “Naw, I liked ya tied, sugar. Then I can have my way with ya until your yelling for…”
“Woot,” Hucks pulls Woot from Ana, when Fern cuts her ropes.
Cody exhales, shaking his baldness, walking and standing over some of the dead people. He scans the lobby then the on-lookers standing in the parking lot and between the new cars searching for more golden helmets within the crowd. A pair of gloves grabs Cody from behind. Cody spins and swings at the new enemy when a gloved fist hits his face. Cody stumbles backward when a hand catches his arm. He falls forward into a wall of body armor over the enemy’s chest. Golden helmet four lifts then tosses Cody over his shoulder walking out the shattered glass in front of the television cameras and police.
Woot smiles and spots the commotion in the corner turning to see an unconscious Cody. “Hey! Stop him! Trip that guy!” he sours and runs towards Cody. “Damn, damn, damn, stop him!”
Hucks turns towards Woot and the commotion then runs, yelling. “Cody, fight him. Stop that masked-man. Cody needs help…”
Fern jerks the binoculars to her face from the survival backpack seeing Cody. He’s being toted over the shoulder of another golden helmet towards a non-descript black tinted window car. She exhales, dropping the binoculars and her mouth. “Shit!”
Hucks and Woot are stopped by the rows of civilians and police when Hucks grabs Woot by the arm. “Too late, we’ll get him back…”
Fern walks and stands between the men. “Call the president…”

Parking lot.
Jon steps through the broken glass outside the building into the middle of the parking lot as Woot, Fern, and Husks circles him. Jon signals the object waving his hand in the air. Woot frowns with puzzlement at the updraft of wind above his skull looking into the sky.
Two helicopters fly from the directions of east and west paralleling each other in the air. The machines hover over Jon when four sets of vertical ropes fall onto the parking lot pavement and around Jon. A group of black helmets drop from both sides of the two helicopters surrounding Woot, Hucks, Fern, Ana, and Jon.
Jon twirls his finger when each black helmet drapes a blue cape around Woot, Hucks, Fern, and Ana. Then each black helmet wraps a piece of rope around the cape pinning arms and hands. Jon snaps his fingers when each black helmet wraps both arms around the blue cap holding an American.
Woot struggles with the black helmet shouting. “Hey, I don’t wear female silk bathrobes ever.”
Hucks struggles with the black helmet and the rope, hollering. “I hope you guys got some good British hospital insurance ‘cause I’m beating the crap out of each ass that has touched any US military solider including me, her and him...”
Fern struggles with the black helmet, screaming. “Jon, you’re fucking dead by my hunting knife located inside my boot. I just need to loosen either one of my killing hands,” sneers
Jon smirks and twirls his fingers then each black helmet upwards towards heaven and back into the helicopter on the electronic pulling rope system.

First helicopter.
Jon chuckles watching each American pilot fly in the air then safely enter the copter. He snaps his fingers when a rope drops in front of his face. He hitches a ride by vertical rope with the black helmet up and into the helicopter flooring. He stares at Woot, Hucks, Fern, and Ana who are roped and sitting on a long bench seat in a row. He sits across them between four black helmets, smirking. “Tell me about Cody.”
Woot smirks with amusement. “Hmm, I have blood type AB. Did ya know that people with that particular blood typing always forgets about all kinds of stuff. So what’s your name, princess? So what’s your question again, bitch?”
Hucks sneers. “You harm my wife I’ll rip out your eyeballs and stuff ‘em up your ass, boy.”
Jon studies Fern, smirking with surprise. “Your wife, she accompanies you on dangerous military assignments.”
Fern snarls. “Ya harm my husband I’ll rip off your dick and make ya eat it, sir.”
Jon smirks. “Ah! Hucks accompanies his wife on dangerous military assignments protecting his ass. I hope to marry a girl like you Fern, one day. And I do not plan to harm anyone. I am worried about Cody too. I want to know about Cody also.”
Woot frowns with confusion. “Cody is seventeen years old, a genius and a minor kid based on adult standards in the USA. What’s your interest in a teen-ass from Alabama? He’s a farm boy with guts and smarts.”
Jon smiles. “That’s my question. Why is a minor kid hanging around with a top secret military unit?”
Fern frowns with worry. “He’s in danger.”
Woot laughs. “Forget Cody, I’m in danger…”
Hucks laughs. “Forget ya’ll, Jon’s in serious danger after I damage his heart,” sneers.
Jon exhales, shaking his skull, frowns with annoyance. “I will share. I possess the Jesus Strand,” when the mouths drop. He nods. “Yes, I am searching for more people like me and Cody for both protection and safety. I am very concerned about his health too since there are other factions not really worried with Cody’s health. Who were the attackers at the car dealership today?”
“We don’t care,” sneers Hucks.
“We don’t know.” Fern nods.
“We don’t know you either,” Woot frowns with suspicion.
He pulls the mobile telephone pressing the familiar icon. “This is Prince Jon. Please connect me to the President of the United States,” pauses. “Thank you so much, ma’am!”
Pause.
“Cody has been taken, sir.”
Pause.
“I concur with your wise decision, sir,” he smiles and nods terminating the connection then drops the mobile telephone into his lap. “Your mission parameters have been changed by your boss, the President of the United States to find and capture then protect Cody. He is priority here. He is one of very few identified person who possesses the Jesus Strand also.”
Fern narrows her eyelashes, sneering. “That means nothing to me. What does it mean to you, princess?”
Jon nods, not smiling. “Too much, I’m flying you home for a change of clothing then to the private small airport along the outskirts of Huntsville. We all will board my private jet to England. We’re going to report to my brother our predicament…”
“That word has a very familiar ring tone to my ears,” whispers Hucks.

London. England.
royal castle. Sunday afternoon. 3:09 pm (London time)
cool. partly cloudy. no rain. slight breeze.
The private jet landed at the private airport when Woot, Ana, Hucks, and Fern stomp down the ladder then into the royal limo. At the London castle, there was a crowd of people outside the iron gates cheering for Prince Jon.
Inside the banquet room, Woot, Ana, Hucks and Fern attend a lunch event for Prince Jon too. The Queen of England has gifted Woot, Hucks and Fern with a royal title and a small speech for saving his life in Huntsville, Alabama during the terrorist attack.
Fern smiles at Hucks holding their son. She stands at the podium, smiling with happiness and shock. She views the audience and the television camera lens saying a few words to the world. “Hello to ya’ll and the world. Thanks for this wonderful banquet food and royal title too. I’d like to say as an American mom let’s work together to end world hungry,” claps with the others. “As a US military solider let’s have peace on earth and good will towards others,” claps with the others. “Thank you, world,” she scoots off the platform cuddling her baby then sits and watches the remaining speeches.
King Jack: tall, slender, pale skin, blonde hair, blue eyes. He fingers the next person. “Sir Hucks, would you like to give the world some good advice?”
Hucks chuckles then stomps up the platform, standing at the microphone. He smiles, saying. “Thanks kindly, folks. I got two things to say to ya’ll,” views Jack. “Is my wife a princess now?”
“No, Sir Hucks.” Jack shakes his crowned skull, laughing.
Hucks exhales. “Okay,” looks at Jon. “Dude, where the hell’s my American beer ya promised me for saving your sorry ass, this morning?”
“One American beer coming up for my savior Hucks,” Jon laughs and scoots from the chair. His new set of body guards are swift presenting a sweaty cold brew to him which he holds for Hucks.
Jack stands at the podium, saying. “A brew of beer for everyone too. Sir Woot, would you like to convey any words to the world?”
Woot smiles and stands stomping up the platform, wiggling side to side at the podium. He slams his hands to the wood then says. “Hi ya’ll!” He winks at Ana. “I love you, Ana. Please marry me today, anywhere in London,” presents a diamond ring for the television cameras, chuckling.
“Yes.” Ana screams then stands clapping and galloping up the steps to Woot.
Woot hugs and grunts into her eardrum as she giggles. He pulls back then kneels on one leg presenting the ring and smiling as the camera lens roll the film and the flash bulbs blind the eyeballs. He says. “Please accept this small precious token always reminding you of my unending love and high respect as my bride, soonest and then my wife, foreverly. I promise my eternal love and to drop the toilet seat after pissing. Once a redneck, always a redneck, ya’ll,” chuckles and winks at her.
She giggles and smiles. “I accept becoming a redneck princess to my Bama prince.” Ana drops to her knees equaling their bodies face to face while smiling and giggling with excitement and nervousness. He slides the ring on her finger as the audience claps. They kiss then emerge grinning goofy at each other. Woot stands first then assists Ana to stand, cuddling and waving at the cameras like an American prince and princess. Woot leans into the microphone then sours. “To the gentlemen and lesbians of the world, the doll’s mine with three fucking-ass exclamation points,” when claps, hoots, and cheers echo throughout the banquet room. Woot back steps from the podium twisting them towards the chairs.
Jack claps and says. “I would like to introduce my brother Jon.”
Jon smiles and waves, standing at the podium. “Thank you. Now I’m required to say a few brilliant sentences after Woot’s unforgettable earth-shuttering love bird moment. To Woot and Ana, my best wishes and forever respect. To the world, I was prevue to their secret first,” claps and winks to Ana then Jon frowns with worry. “To the ladies and gentlemen of the world, I am here because of my new friends Woot, Hucks and Fern. I stood next to terror. I stood beside a gun at my temple with my hands tied behind my waist and my ankles bound with ropes. I stood slumped in fright like a newborn kitten looking for my mum on the worsest moment in my short years of life. Then I saw a miracle. I saw the good guys win. I saw the bad villains lose. I saw the sunrise the next day, since I was alive. I had survived. I hadn’t pooped inside my white lace panties as them Southerns say. Right, Woot?” Woot nods and gives a thumb-up sign. Jon says. “I am making those silly and fun remarks, because I can. I am here with my new friends and I will fight and defeat our newest enemy called terror. Woot, Hucks and Fern will partner with a special international Terrorism Division located here in London. I really can’t tattle-tail any more of our secrets since the bad guys are closely listening. I would like to say a welcome to our American cousins to their new home where we shall all work together to overcome and conquer the evil out of our homes and hearts, finding finally only peace and love,” claps from the others.

drawing room. 4:09 pm.
Woot, Hucks, Ana, and Fern whisper and cuddle in two couples inside the reception area, after Woot and Ana quickie marriage inside the banquet room by the local priest. They watch the castle servants and guests leave the banquet room. She enters the room hugging a wrapped pink blanket.
Woot frowns with disgust laughing. “I wanted to compliment your puke green colored nails, Queen Jill. For my new wife, do not come home wearing those fugly ugly things,” chuckles with Hucks.
Ana slaps his bicep, “For my new husband, those are the latest trend in nail coloring…”
Woot chuckles. “For a blind man…”
Jill: tall, slender, black hair, pale skin, white blouse, skirt, sandals. She stares with an icy face since Brits never smile. She cuddles the blanket. “I would like to express once more our deep gratitude for saving Jon. He would be dearly missed if the situation had been far opposite. It is customary to provide a gift for our visitors, our new friends. This is an English lap dog puppy for Fern and her new baby boy from your English neighbors across the sea,” Fern smiles sliding her son to Hucks. She frowns at the pink blanket then accepts it. Jill says. “The puppy is a little girl to compliment your son. I am very pleased that all of you are part of our very exclusive social club,” swings towards the elevator then enters. She is followed by the gang on the large carriage. Jill takes her wrapped infant baby from her husband Jack standing next to Fern. “Fern, you are welcome to leave your son with my daughter inside the Ward today while we finish conducting our business meeting for the evening,” the elevator stops. She steps off onto the floor.
Fern pulls the cute soft puppy dog hoodie over the bald naked skull of her son then cuddles him and staring into the lighted floor, not moving when Hucks touches her elbow. She frowns with suspicion then stomps onto the floor. “Ward!?”
Jill leads down the pink and blue painted walls with an assortment of hand-drawn colorful wildlife baby animals. “This is the Ward where the babies are housed…”
She reviews the catalog about the royal palace then says. “I didn’t know that the royal palace provided a hospital ward inside the castle. Why are sick babies located here within the castle walls? What is wrong with the little babies?” Ana frowns with puzzlement, stopping and scanning each individual room, holding an infant inside a crib.
Jon, Jack, and Jill spin around then drop a mouth. Jill stares with an icy glaze. “This is the ward, not a hospital with sick children. These children are not sick with an illness. They are very, very happy and healthy without infection…”
Jack pats her arm, “Jill, I believe there is a misinterpretation here. The Middle English word ‘ward’ means keeper, watchman, guard, guardian, protector or lord of the children. This is a children’s nursery located within the castle palace for all the working employees. We have staff inside the castle working 24 hours every day. Their children are housed here while they work during the daylight and nighttime hours then come and collect their baby at the end of their shift…”
Jon nods. “Quite good!”
Fern nods. “American companies do the same thing too at 24 hour hospitals and big business corporations. This is a nice touch for your palace workers.”
Ana drops her mouth then frowns with embarrassment. “O, I’m so sorry. The layout of the royal hallway and the individual rooms suggest,” grins Ana. “Never thee mind,” giggles when Woot cuddles her. He kisses her cheekbone then they whisper to each other.
Jill frowns, rocking her baby. “The royal palace does not provide a hospital ward with state of the art medical equipment for our employees when their children are sick. The employees can leave work and visit the local hospital down the street. This Ward is off limits of course to any staff member without a child who is confided here during the day and the night while servicing the castle property.”
Jon says. “To add to our royal duty, the royal palace employs the largest selection of orphaned teens and adults from other nations throughout the world. We provide them shelter, food, and employment in England too helping them to build a proper life and family environment.”
Ana blinks her eyelashes. “O! That is very nice too.”
Fern wraps the blanket around her son cuddling him into her breasts. “No, I will attend to my son during our late evening business meeting. If he becomes fussy then I will leave the business meeting and return to our shared chamber suite. Thank you for the lovely invitation but I wholehearted decline,” nods when Hucks cuddles his family.
Jack grins patting on her arm. “Jill, we can provide two individual baby cribs in the drawing room which is prettier than the plain conference room. Each baby will receive a crib for nappy time after feeding then both babes can stay with us through the entire business conduct. Is that a better solution for our encounter today?”
Fern exhales with disappointment, when Hucks nods and says. “Yeah, that’s fine. We can both keep any eyeball on the baby, Fern. After he wakes from his nap then I can babysit my son too,” grins at the royals.
Jack grins. “Excellent compromise, Jon shall lead to your chamber suit for refreshing while I arrange the drawing room,” pulls the mobile telephone. “I will inform the staff to update the drawing room with all the required accouterments before our arrival.”
Jon walks towards the stairs. “This way…”
“I want a southern room since I’m a Southern rouge. Hucks is the Yankee doodle boy today, so give him the northern room,” Woot laughs escorting Ana up the stairs.

Fourth floor. chamber suite.
Jon stands and fingers the door. “This is a shared suite for my two set of American friends. Enjoy the room. I will return in thirty minutes for our meeting downstairs inside the drawing room,” turns then stomps down the stairs.
Woot walks into the middle of the room then twirls around, smiling. He pads towards the chair in front of the television.
Fern enters the bedroom to change diapers.
Ana stares into the wall mirror tapping on her lip. “Did you notice that Queen Jill has an ugly canker sore on her top lip? She had covered really well with the makeup but I still recognized it.”
Woot studies his mobile telephone. “Ya know the Good Book says not to judge your friends, darling.”
Ana nods. “Just a common observation, they are painful small blisters and are very contagious. A canker sore is not caused by a virus but may be triggered by nutritional deficiencies such as emotional stress.”
Hucks frowns with suspicious, reading his mobile telephone. “The word ‘ward’ means keeper in Old English. However it also means a separate room in a hospital for a sick patient, or a minor under the care and control of a guardian appointed by a court of law, or an enclosed wall of a fortress or castle. We’re housed inside an old castle. Right, Woot?”
Woot plops into the chair tapping the remote control on the television, surfing the channels. “What’s up your butthole, Hucks?”
“The royals,” Hucks reads his mobile telephone.
Ana swings and stares at Hucks, nodding. “I think the queen is stressed with her life torn as a mother and a queen. She never smiles with happiness that must be why she has those ugly canker sores over her lips.”
Woot says. “Englishmen and women possess bad toothies that’s why they smile with an icy stare.”
Ana reads the pamphlet. “Huh! The British glare is worth a thousand smiles.”
Fern emerges from the bedroom, cuddling her son. He yawns and wiggles with restlessness. “I’m stressed and tired too being a loving mother and an angry hostage…”
Hucks studies Fern walking and hugging her and the baby. “Fern, you and the baby stay here for afternoon meeting. We can handle the royals. We get from them the location of Brone then kill Brone and save Cody. Then we leave England. The end,” nods and chuckles with Woot.
Fern hands the baby to Hucks stretching her limbs then yawns. “No, I wanna hear all the accumulated resource information from the royals first before we try to retrieve Cody. I don’t trust these people being English, not Americans.”
Ana frowns with confusing, walking around and touching the furniture. “Why not? They want to help find Cody. If Cody is hidden in Europe we want their help and need all their secret services. I vote to stay as long as possible until we find Cody.”
Hucks shoulders his wiggling son walking around the room trying to calm the baby for sleepy time. “I’m boss. The boss orders that we all are staying until we find Cody.”

drawing room. 4:35 pm.
The room is rectangular-shaped with a high ceiling. Empty shiny metal knights of armor line the far wall. The opposite wall displays a set of long windows showing off the colorful flower gardens. The side walls hold sitting furniture and book shelves with old volumes of colorful books.
Woot cuddles Ana walking under an archway the width of a small compact car, scans the spacious room, smiling. “This is the life for some folks. Right, Ana? Not me thou, I like working like a dog in our native America country. I arise at five in the fucking morning then go to work and come home at fucking seven at night missing all the day time television programs. Yeah, I love America and the middle class…”
Jon stands behind his chair waiting on his family and the guests to select a chair, saying. “The staff has provided tea biscuits and cold squash. Squash is the Brit name for fresh squeezed lemonade. Please refresh your palette with our native goodies.”
Hucks slides the empty chair for Fern first as she sits inside with the sleeping baby. He stands beside her pouring two tumbles of yellow colored lemonade. He slides one tumbler in front of Fern then drinks the second one. He removes the glass then slams his forehead with his hand, shivering. “Ice cream headache…”
Jack smiles. “A brain freeze happens when something cold touches nerves the roof of the mouth triggering blood vessels in the front of your head to swell. The swelling causes a jabbing pain of a brain freeze.”
“Thinking tea will fix everything,” laughs Woot, pouring two glass tumbles of squash for him and Ana.
Jon drops his mouth. “Where did you learn that expression, Woot?”
Woot waves the mobile telephone, grinning. “The cell has everything you want but Cody’s whereabouts…”
Jack grins. “There is no worry about solving that dilemma,” when Jill sneezes then hiccups rocking her baby.
Woot nods. “What’s our next move, Hucks?”
Hucks says. “We search and find Cody. I believe it has been confirmed that Brone has Cody. Presently, Brone has accomplished some of his rotten-ass field goals. One, he has Cody. Two, he has killed off all the identified Jesus Strand beings. Three, he’s scaring the shit out of everyone’s buttholes, literally.”
Woot smiles and nods. “Brone doesn’t scare my butthole.”
Hucks grins. “That’s because Woot has an ass-hole which is bigger than your standard butt-hole,” chuckles with the others.
Woot frowns at his buddy. “Hucks need more caffeine instead of sweeten lemon water to counter effect his lingering jet lag from America.”
Jack frowns. “What are you postulating as Brone’s main objective, Hucks?” Jill sneezes then hiccups, rocking the baby.
Hucks says. “Brone is working to build his Jesus Strand bodies for his anti-holy army then taking over the world without a specifically detailed expired time deadline.”
Woot nods and grins checking his wrist watch. “Good, I got time for a workout and a shower. Want to hit the weight room, Ana?”
Jill says. “I believe that event has occurred. Brone is the Antichrist mentioned in the Bible,” sneezes then picks her eardrum. She views the goo then wipes it on the baby’s blanket.
Woot frowns with annoyance. “Hell, naw, he’s an anti-godless fucking asshole with a holy shitty big ego with access to zillions of Euro dollars hidden in a matching set of eighteen crocodile designer fairy hot pink traveling luggage. If I ever get to stick my gun literally up his butthole I’d blast his ass back to Jesus. Then He can do His famous thing,” chuckles with the others.
“Good clue, Woot! I’ll inform the Prime Minister to watch for eighteen pieces of hot pink designer crocodile traveling luggage packed in the boot.” Jon chuckles.
“Smartass,” snarls Woot when Ana pats his arm.
Jack says. “In London, the trunk of a car is known as the boot. The English word trunk is the front end of an elephant. For you yanks the engine of a car is located under the hood. A hood to a Brit is the part of a coat to cover one’s head when it rains.”
“Smart-ass number two,” sneers Woot when Ana punches his bicep.
Hucks shakes his skull, grinning. “You’re not to smart of a smart-ass, Woot. A good warrior solider knows that ya blast a bullet into an evil anti-godless fucking asshole down his tonsils then the vicious explosion blows his ass directly down to hell. So Satan can do his infamous thing,” chuckles with the others.
“Thanks for the correction, there, buddy.” Woot nods and smiles.
Hucks grins and tickles the naked toes of his son. “Anytime, pal.”
“Don’t wake your son or ya can breast-feed him back to sleep,” growls Fern.
“I’ll pay one million bucks to see that serious action sexual exotic feeding action, Hucks,” Woot laughs.
Hucks frowns. “Fuck it, Woot!”
Jack says. “We have a solid lead. We have identified the head terrorist nicknamed Brone along with a colored photograph,” slides the photography to Hucks. The photograph shows an elder man with brown ponytail.
Hucks frowns and fingers the photograph. “He doesn’t have a white towel wrapped around his nasty hair or a white sheet covering his business suit. This man is cleaned shaved, good looking with good posture, minus a weapon. Where did you get the picture, Jack?”
Jill sneezes then hiccups when Jack says. “Brone lives here in London based on our sources…”
Woot frowns with confusion reading his mobile telephone. “Hiccups are a set of uncontrollable contractions of the diaphragm from eating too much, overdoing the alcohol, or swallowing air. They go away on their own when you try holding your breath, drinking water, or breathing in a bag…”
Fern studies Jill, saying. “You possess a set of raccoon eyes like me being a new mother. I was awake this morning at four with my son, feeding time that Hucks will be doing, tomorrow morning. I plan to sleep late tomorrow,” nods.
Hucks exhales then frowns. “Do we have a single clue where Brone has hidden Cody? Do we have a single hint what Brone is going to do with Cody?”
Jon says. “I will repeat Brone is hiding here in London within a matter of time we will find his nest of vipers. So we must be quick and steady before Brone kills Cody. Cody is the one of the last known Jesus Strand teenagers in the world. Brone doesn’t possess the Jesus Strand which has been tested, re-tested, verified, re-verified, confirmed, and re-confirmed from all the dropped and gathered DNA molecules at all the dead scenes. He’ll still need access to Cody’s DNA directly to create another child of Jesus.”
Hucks drops his mouth then closes it. “How in the hell did ya’ll figure out that Brone doesn’t possess the Jesus Strand? How did ya get his DNA for testing? The only reason we know about Cody and his Jesus Strand thing was the compliments of the staff at Antebellum House in Leed, Alabama.”
Jack smiles. “The information was acquired through a series of dangerous counter intelligent work by our agents not once but a couple of times to be absolutely certain. Brone does not carry the Jesus Strand unlike my brother Jon, my wife Jill and me…”
“I see why he’s king.” Ana nods and smiles.
“I see why I’m going to die,” Woot taps fingers on the table.  “Someone answer me, how the hell did the Jesus Strand thing start?”
“It began with Jesus, Woot,” Ana giggles, patting his bicep.
“Naw, how did it get out of Jesus? He doesn’t have any children or babies pissing on the tree bark and eating flowers like his cousin John the Baptist,” says Woot.
Jon frowns with confusion. “This is not the current question. The current question, why is Cody important to Brone? I do not understand the apparently blood relationship between Cody and Brone. Brone is not the father of the teenager…,” when Woot slaps Hucks on the bicep then shakes his skull for silence.
Fern frowns with confusion seeing Woot’s tart reaction while rocking the baby. “Okay, ya’ll! Back to our original discuss of the Jesus Strand a male produces a child of Jesus from a virgin bride. This is the sexual method giving an unborn child the eighteenth DNA gene. However I can’t explain it scientifically or medically so you folks get to ask Brother Jesus about that one,” chuckles with the others.
Ana frowns with puzzlement. “So God set up a pre-condition arrangement within the male species, sorta like a pre-nuptial agreement. The adult male becomes the child of Jesus so the virgin female births a child of Jesus. If the adult male is not the child of Jesus but the adult virgin is a child of Jesus. What is the babe?”
Jon says. “A child of Jesus, as long as one biological parent is the child of Jesus and the female parent is a virgin then the babe will be a child of Jesus.”
Jack says. “Look backwards within the ancient time frame of Earth’s world history, virgins were not only prized but sacrificed during a ritual pagan fake-god worshiping ceremony suck-like in the foreign country of Mexico…”
Woot smiles. “There’re definitely no children of Jesus in the entire landscape of South American. No wonder the savages ate each other before breakfast eggs,” laughs with Hucks.
Fern frowns with confusion. “Based on that working theory there should not be any people who possess the Jesus Strand…”
Ana frowns. “What happens if the biological parents of the Jesus Strand become divorced? Divorce, of course, is a very common ritual throughout the world especially in modern day civilization. But that will never ever happen to us. Right, Woot?” Woot nods and smiles patting her arm.
Jack says. “You are correct, Ana. The Bible states that divorce is a very bad thing. God does not want His children destroying the blessed marital relationship between the husband and the wife. At the same time, the Jesus Strand is only transferred by the eighteenth DNA gene into a virgin female. A male can sperm kids decades and decades both gene-mode scientifically or heavenly engineered for a male sperm to procreate which is willed by God alone…”
Jon says. “The second more important reason is a male protects his chosen love mate who is a virgin. Even in the cycle of life, a male has to wait for his girl to mature and menstruate.”
Hucks laughs then slaps Woot on the arm. “Woot’s turning a bright pretty color of strawberry red on his face. Mature, mate and menstruate, buddy,” laughs with the others.
“Suck it up, Woot.” Fern grins and rocks her son.
Jon says. “I am trying not to make Woot’s face strawberry tart again. A male fights for his virgin bride since the male is the stronger, tougher, and more muscled of the two species on Earth even in battle. The male is the fiercest warrior who kills with one blow to the head or the heart so God gives the male the ability to procreate for decades producing more children of Jesus.”
“I like.” Hucks smiles.
Jon nods. “Quite good!”
Fern nods. “I agree but don’t necessary like the explanation.”
Jill sneezes then hiccups when Jack pats her hand. She drinks the water then says. “The female virgins are too precious and too few. History writes about tragic tales of both virgins and whores.”
“I don’t appreciate the term whore,” frowns Ana.
“You’re my precious virgin.” Woot scoots into her face, smiling.
“We all know the definition of virgin. Let’s term the other types of women as ‘girls’ so we should say virgins and girls,” says Ana.
Woot nods. “Virgins and girls let it be titled. The most famous girl in world history was Cleo babe.”
“No, you are incorrect. She was no beauty and no whore. Her only lovers were her Egyptain-styled married husbands both Caesar and Anthony.” Ana says.
Jack fingers Ana’s sandals, saying. “Ana, you are descended directly from the Cleopatra Ptolemaic dynasty that came from a Greek family, which is represented by your long second digit on your foot. A Greek foot or a long toe, where the second toe is clearly longer than the big toe has been documented on the remaining Greek god and goddess sculptures in the country of Greece. The Statue of Liberty has a set of twin long toes of this same proportion, only ten percent of the entire world’s population features this prevalence musculoskeletal dysfunction. Congratulations!”
Ana smiles. “Thank you,” wiggles her toes inside her sandals, giggling.
Woot chuckles then says. “World anthropology has proven that the cave man has brown irises but Hucks has green eyes. Why’s that so, buddy?”
Jon says. “Amber eyes have a strong yellowish golden and russet coppery tint appearing a grayish-gold in dogs, cats, owls, eagles, pigeons, and fish.”
“Hear doggie, doggie,” Woot says when the little puppy barks then stands from the floor. It trots then pisses in the wall corner. Woot fingers and laughs. “Hucks!?”
Jon says. “The blue iris is a genetic mutation within the eye chromosome born from one single common ancestor. Your great to the zillionth power grandfather comes from an ancient Romania male about 10,000 years ago, Woot,” nods.
“An Atlantian ancestor, damn mama, I’m really an Atlantian in disgust,” chuckles Woot. He pulls his mobile telephone tapping the camera icon then views his eye color. He fingers and laughs at his pretty ice blue eye color.
“Disguise Woot, the word is disguise.” Fern laughs.
Jon says. “The region of people with blue irises includes the country of Ireland, the Baltic Sea, and Northern Europe, and ninety-nine percent of the people in Estonia all have blue eyes. Gray eyes are common in Eastern Europe. Green eyes come from Icelandic and Dutch, Celtic and Germanic ancestry. Violet eyes are caused from a very bright light hitting the iris.”
Woot smiles. “Hazel eyes are composed of green, brown and orange.”
Jill says. “There are differences in epidermis tones consisting of dark brown, light pink skin, red skin, black. Females have lighter skin tone than males because females need more calcium during pregnancy. Our skin synthesizes vitamin D from sunlight absorbing the calcium.”
Ana says. “At one time, pale skin was thought to be cursed or caused by evil spirits.”
Jon says. “Hitchhiker’s thumb, tongue rolling, bad breathe, smelly feet are all genetic traits inherited from your mama or daddy or grandma or grandpa…”
Woot stands and stretches. “Time out, no more DNA traits, ya’ll! I’m getting nausea thinking where my bad breathe comes from either my mama or my grandmother after they each kiss my cheekbone for a motherly greeting,” chuckles. “Let’s start from the top again and go back to the main subject matter. Why’s Cody of interest to Brone?”
Hucks says. “We don’t know.”
Jon clears his throat. “I believe it is obvious. Cody is a child of Jesus with the Jesus Strand. Based on his youth and lousy body guards,” when Woot sits and growls. Jon chuckles. “Brone accomplished his goal grabbing Cody. Now we find and take him back. Quite good!”
“What are all the names of individuals who possess the Jesus Strand genetic trait? How many people are counted throughout the world? Does anyone know or have guessed the current number of species or beings or individuals?” Ana says.
Jack laughs. “That is the mysterious part of the total equation that we are trying to identify. We have some names of people based on world history records which have been DNA tested and proven to be true children of Jesus. Why don’t you take a guess for fun? You will be very surprised.”
Ana smiles. “A challenge, I like challenges. Empress of France Marie Antoinette is my guess. Woot, do ya wanna guess a famous historical figure?”
Woot leans into Hucks, whispering. “They take this shit too seriously Hucks. We should think about leaving and going back home to America. Let the president sent another team for this mission.”
“We’re here to find Cody. I don’t believe this shit either. Cody is mostest important.” Hucks whispers pretending to read his mobile telephone.
“Then ask them the damn question so we can get Cody and leave,” whispers Woot.
Jack says. “Actually, your answer is incorrect. Marie Antoinette was taught the courtly life of a princess such like dress, appearance and the correct behavior with exquisite poise and a graceful deportment. However she was the second child born from her biological parents. Her older sister was named Maria Carolina who possessed the Jesus Strand. We have the royal parchment from the Middle Ages.”
Hucks reads his mobile telephone. “Okay, let’s play the game and guess for fun. I’ve done some old fashion research on my cell. I guess the American Harriet Beecher Stowe. She was indirect influential cause of the American Civil War when she met with Abraham Lincoln about slavery within the Southern US States. She wrote a book about anti-slavery proclaiming she did it because she was a Christian,” nods.
Jack nods. “That is an excellent guess, Hucks,” reads his mobile telephone. “I am accessing the archived electronic documents. Here is it. American Harriet Beecher Stowe was born the seventh child of ten siblings. She married a professor of college and a widower named Calvin Ellis Stowe. The couple married on January sixth in the year 1836. The couple birthed seven children including twin daughters. Calvin was the first born son of his biological family possessing the Jesus Strand which was passed down to his daughter Eliza Taylor Stowe. Her first born child was named Eliza Taylor Stowe who died both childless and unmarried at the age of 75. Therefore the first born child terminated the Jesus Strand.”
Woot chuckles. “I got one, Mata Hari. She lived in the years 1876 to 1917 as an exotic dancer and spy during World War One, except her execution is highly questionably. Was she working for the allies? Was she working for the Nazis? Was she a child of Jesus?”
Jack says. “No.”
Hucks frown with confusion. “How’da ya know that, buddy? How certain are you, my new friend?”
“A wonder the Jesus Strand survived and outlasted all the centuries and these assholes,” Woot sips the squash, smashing his lips with the sweet taste.
Ana exhales and frowns. “Why would God do this to His children?”
Jill says. “Our royal descendants have been researching the Jesus Strand for centuries. The Virgin Mary started our race then came along the virgin Joan of Arc and then the virgin Queen Elizabeth, the first. All these named women were known to be virgins accomplishing magnificent feats for both man and woman-kind. However there are…”
“Greatness!” Jon stands and nods. “The Jesus Strand came from Mary, not Jesus. Every one has been speculating that the Jesus Strand came directly from Him. However God implanted His special gene of greatness inside the selected human hostess of Mary for her to conceive the Son of God. She is the carrier who transferred the gene to her first born Son of mankind. He possessed the first ever Jesus Strand. We all know that Brother Jesus did not marry a wife or conceive any single child. There are not any existing offspring of Jesus but there are more offspring of the Virgin Mary, his mother. Goodness!” He twirls around then stops, nodding and smiling. “Don’t you see this? Don’t you get this? This is an extraordinary discovery. God implanted His special gene of godness inside a virgin girl. The virgin girl birthed the Son of God named Jesus. Then the virgin girl conceived a second child from her wedded husband. The second child was really Mary and Joseph’s first earth-child. The first earth-child also received the Jesus Strand too. Godness! Goodness! God messed up, ya’ll!”
Hucks drops his mouth. “This is an incredible find if it is really real and true.”
Jon fingers the laptop. “Where’re the ancient scrolls, Jack? Find those ancient scrolls. The royal library has scrolls, parchments, papers, books, letters, and other written materials going back almost to the cavemen days. I bet we have hidden some dinosaur bones written in ancient and dried cave man blood droplets. Jesus had half-brothers and a half-sister. We have traced backwards every single exposed Jesus Strand individual to a resource name of a known Jesus Strand father or mother, if you will.”
Jack flips through the laptop reading the information. “Here it is. In the Book of Galatians 1:19 ‘James is the brother of Jesus.’ He received a special appearance by the resurrected Jesus then became the principle authority to the Jewish Christians. James married and produced a son named Jude. There is a historical Bible story here too. The grandson of Jude was brought before the ruler of the time named Domitian Caesar. The ruler asked if the grandson was the family of David. He confessed. The ruler asked how much land and money he held. He confessed very little money and some land which was used to his labor. He showed his rough hands and corns on his fingers from working the fields. The ruler asked about Jesus and His kingdom. He confessed the kingdom is not of this earth but of the heavens with angels and Jesus would return one day. The ruler let the grandson go in peace. The grandson became the leader of the Jewish church. Within the family tree, James fathered Jude who fathered Elzasus. Elzasus was born in Jerusalem but died in 112 AD in the country of France who also fathered Nascien. I have read this passage many times while studying the Jesus Strand. I know how it ends but I want my new American friends to come to the same conclusion. Let’s jump to the next generation the grandson Nascien II fathered the Prince of Galains of the Midi in 480 AD in the country of France. Let’s jump more generations within the same family tree of James, King of Gaul of France was born in 570 AD and bore royal children. Let’s jump more generations, the Duke Gaerwant De Bretagne was born in 820 AD in France then died at the age of 54 years. Let’s jump more generations where the Duke Jahel Berernger II, Count of Rennes married Princess Gerberge de Lorraine. He lived for 80 years old. To end my researched tale the family tree of half-brother Jesus named James can be traced directly to the Joan of Arc.”
Fern frowns with puzzlement. “But the virgin Joan of Arc died without marrying or producing a child so she accidentally terminated the Jesus Strand in her biological family unit. Great Britain Queen Elizabeth, the first didn’t have any offspring either and Eliza Taylor Stowe didn’t marry with offspring. Thus, all these women accidentally terminated the Jesus Strand in her biological family unit too. How did the gene continue to perpetual into the world without a virgin female?”
“The male line carried on the eighteenth gene into another virgin,” nods Hucks.
Jack says. “I concur with Hucks. The Jesus Strand is only conceived through the male line.”
“Naw, I don’t like that idea, first. Second, there is Virgin Mary. She started the trend that has lasted until present-day,” nods Fern.
“Naw, we just argued that a virgin carried the Jesus Strand which was passed down to the male. The female had to be a virgin or it didn’t work,” nods Jon.
Jack says. “We have supporting evidence in our world history books. Take the past ancient royal mating rituals of the countries great power world countries of Great Britain, France, and Spain, all royal males always married a virgin dating as far back to the ninth century keeping the Jesus Strand viral and alive. No one prince or princess really actually understood any one particular rational reason why the unwritten law existed plus seriously flourished. I’ll leap like a blind ram off the mountain cliff. There was some spoken secret verbal instruction from God or His representative Brother Jesus then the verbal secret was passed down by family generation to family generation as keepers the ‘virgin’ flame.”
“Boom!” Woot raises both arms, chuckling.
“Boo!” Ana frowns shaking her curls.
Hucks nods. “Good one, Jonny boy!”
“Jon gets a time out!” Fern reprimands with a motherly tone.
Jill says. “I don’t understand. Cody is not a virgin teenager. Is he?” 
Woot smiles and sniggers. “Correct, ya’ll. Teen man-whore, he probably fucked more girls then well, he liked girls a lot and frequently…”
“How do you know that, Woot?” Jill says.
Fern smiles and rocks the baby. “The shared secrets inside Woot’s man-cave during the Starlit Pageant…”
Woot drops his mouth at his buddy. “Ya fucking tattle-tail, you tattled our whispered secrets to Fern within the man-cave invisible barriers of sound and spit, pal.”
“Not all our secrets,” Hucks views and winks at Fern. “She’s my wife, the love of my life, the mother of my child. I trust her and I trust you and I trust both of ya’ll’s secrets and lies,” frowns at Woot.
“Stop whining, Hucks!” Fern smiles at the baby’s sleeping features.
“Yes, ma’am.” Hucks wraps his arm around his wife, smiling at his son.
“Back to Cody, based on all our gathered and exchanged information Cody might have already impregnated a female. We need to back track and find that virgin in the US State of Alabama. This is our new priority.” Jill says then sneezes. She picks her other eardrum then views the goo. She wipes on the baby’s blanket.
Woot laughs. “If he luckily and specifically found and fucked a Bama virgin female and not any old run of the mill female pretty or ugly whore…”
“Woot has such a strong use of abusing the English language.” Jon smiles. 
Woot says. “I speak using the American language, pal.”
“And Woot knows the correct answer to that implied question?” Fern says.
“Yeah, the answer is negatory from me.” Woot smiles.
“Then Hucks knows the other half of that implied question?” Jon says.
Hucks says. “No, Cody didn’t fuck a virgin from all the gathered secret and heated sex reports on my office desk at the Redstone Point base and from Cody’s tongue. The answer is negatory two, too.”
“What about his one week stunt within Antebellum House with all these virgin females? The files revealed that virgins lived within that place based on their daddy’s overprotection nature sending them away from the local high school environment.” Fern says.
“Yeah, then all them poor kids along with their biological parents were killed execution style without a blind fold.” Woot frowns with fury kicking the table leg.
“We are back to the two original questions. Where is Brone? Why take Cody?” Jill asks then sneezes, wiping her nose with the baby’s blanket.
“Brone must have believed that Cody enjoyed being a teen-stud having fun sex with any and all American girls. There might be a slight possibility that Cody stumbled upon a virgin. Right, Hucks?” Woot nods.
Hucks shakes his skull. “Naw, my theory stands straight and tall that Brone’s hunting for Cody then accidentally found him at Antebellum House. I don’t know why the man didn’t know about…,” pauses, “…the Jesus Strand before Cody was at Antebellum House. Ya know Cody could have done some good for God plus have a lot of fun too. Ya know,” winks and chuckles.
Jon drops his mouth at Hucks. “Do you understand the underlying meaning of your statement, Hucks? Cody is a carrier of the Jesus Strand and could become a sex man-whore producing many children of Jesus.”
“Right, buddy!” Hucks smiles and nods.
Woot drops his mouth. “Gawd, can I become a sex man-whore too?”
Ana kicks his leg viewing Woot’s nose profile. “What’s them set of nasty words that just fell out your mouth, darling?”
Woot smiles and nods. “Gawd, can I become Ana’s exclusive sex man-whore tonight and for the rest of my days and nights until I die? Ya know since we’re legally married as husband and wife in the eyes of God and the belly of the church. I love you, sweetheart,” leans and kisses her cheekbone.
Ana nods. “Keep repeating that over and over to me for the rest of my life.”
“Jeezus, how many tick-tock hours have ya’ll two been married?” Hucks laughs being the best man at the quickie wedding this afternoon.
“Seven hours, five minutes and twenty-two seconds ago.” Ana studies the wall clock marked from their wedding recorded time.
Hucks smiles. “Shit man, your ass just got screwed, well I mean not getting screwed tonight. Too bad, sex with a virgin wife is great.”
“Hush it, Hucks!” Fern giggles and winks at her husband.
“Back to business…,” exhales Jack.
Ana stands crossing her hands. “I am done with business tonight. Stand and follow me, husband,” when Woot winks and stands taking Ana’s hand.
They leave the room.
Hucks stands taking his son from Fern then she stands. They cuddle together when Hucks says. “Good night, ya’ll!”
They exit the room.

Fourth floor. chamber suite. 11:12 pm.
Hucks slams the door as it silently hits nothing being too heavy at ricocheting against the flowered wall paper wall. He says. “Brone is Cody’s daddy…,” walks the puppy to the bathroom then closes the door. The puppy yelps and barks.
Woot laughs. “Quite good!”
Fern stops and drops her mouth. “You didn’t tell me that tidbit of information, dear.”
Hucks walks around the room with fighting fury. “It was too dangerous to release for Cody’s safety, sweetheart. During of one of the many messy murder attacks within the USA the US government collected fallen hair follicles from Brone when he visited the Antebellum House murder site. The DNA was analyzed which surprisingly came back with Cody’s matching genes. Brone is Cody’s biological father…”
“The data must be wrong. Jack says different.” Ana nods.
Woot reads his mobile telephone. “The word quite means somewhat in the British language. What did Jon say? Quite good!” he frowns with confusion. “It says here to stay away from a diner if a Brit tells you quite good.”
Fern frowns at him. “You’re getting paranoid again Woot.”
“Brone resides here somewhere in Europe maybe closer to the Middle East. He is not a southern as they say over there in Alabama, USA. Therefore it is impossible that Brone is Cody’s father. You found an impostor at the murder site.” Fern nods, sitting and rocking her baby.
Hucks exhales, “I’m shocked. The DNA doesn’t lie so we’ve found Cody’s daddy without a name, address and phone number…”
Ana frowns. “Cody’s still in danger from the real life terrorist Brone. We thought he was Cody’s daddy but he isn’t. Therefore we concentrate on finding Cody.”
Hucks tosses his hands. “I believe the DNA results, the USA forensic experts and the US government over anyone else’s, so Cody has found his daddy, a man faking this dangerous Brone person for some silly reason.”
Fern frowns. “No necessary, this man is looking for his son. I would do anything to locate my son if we were separated. I can sympathize. That’s the only reason for his mysterious visit to a murder site. Where’s the original Brone located? Let’s get him dead so I can go back to being a full time mommy now…”
Ana says. “We don’t know Brone’s home address or mobile phone number…”
Woot pats his jacket then walks to the writing desk. He opens the closes drawers then finds the items. He swings and smiles to Hucks. “I found some new cigarettes and matches. I need to smoke now,” drags Ana towards the door. “I don’t like smoking alone. Hucks needs to take the dog for a piss too,” nods to Hucks. Fern nods and sits on the sofa with her son understanding that Woot is doing something very dangerous inside a foreign country with her husband. Hucks walks into the bathroom then cuddles the puppy into his chest. She stops barking. He pats her soft skull slowly walking down the steps next to Woot. Woot whispers into Hucks’ nose profile. “Walk around outside with the yelping puppy and be guard dog for me and Ana. We’re strolling around the basement of this castle. Something’s wrong here. Brone is Cody’s father. Brone is hiding here in London. And Brone does not possess the Jesus Stand. This is true shit. However Jon is a child of Jesus along with Jill. Jon is the second born son of the royal family. Jill is the baby of three children. How in the hell does the Jesus Strand pass to someone not the first born kid in the biological family unit. This is true bullshit.”
“How did you reach that weird-ass conclusion, Woot?”
“Easy, the lousy story telling of the royals. Okay, the story goes something like this. The Virgin Mary got the Jesus Strand from God passing it down to her Son. Brother Jesus didn’t have any children and then suffered and died on the cross like God planned. Then she had other human children with Joseph, some sons and daughters. Jack tattled the family tree of half-bro James, a human first born child of Mary and Joseph. His DNA was traced and tracked down to Joan of Arc. That’s because the Jesus Stand was passed from first born James genetically down to his first born biological son and then down to his first born biological son and then down to his first born biological brat until it reached Joan of Arc, where it terminated permanently. Therefore the first born is the key of the Jesus Strand transmission, not a boy or a girl. Therefore Queen Jill doesn’t possess the Jesus Strand being the baby of her biological family tree. Therefore Queen Jill has green fingernails on her hands, yellow mucus from her nostrils, hiccup sounds from her tight esophagus and yellow earwax from her earlobes…”
Hucks frowns. “So, what? Queen Jill has the common cold. I wished I had figured out those clinical symptoms before I allowed Fern and the baby to attend the meeting…”
“Naw, it ain’t the common cold. It’s disguised as the common cold,” Woot exits out the ground. “Take the puppy for a piss! I’m investigating the dungeon of the old castle. I bet I found something gross too.”
Hucks whispers. “Good luck,” when Woot drags Ana off the patio onto the grass. Hucks tosses the dog onto the grass scanning the gates, the flowers, and the trees. The puppy runs towards the tall dark trees as he walks closer to the flower gardens out of the flood lightning.
Woot and Ana rush around the corner into the dull lightning when Woot halts then grins. He leads her down the deep concrete stairs into the dungeon door. He rattles the door. Locked. He picks the old lock with the tip of his switchblade when the door cracks open in silence being well oiled. 

Dungeon.
Woot enters the semi-dark room with Ana behind him. He sees tables with white sheets and walls filled with shelves of equipment from the moonlight of the nightly sky when she sneezes then touches her nose. “There’s something in this room activating my allergies…”
Woot swings to her frowning with worry. “Ya got allergies. What are you allergic too?”
Ana whispers and wipes her runny nose mucus. “Mostly plants and pollen, not dogs or cats...”
He nods then scoots her to the wall where the door is cracked. “You stand near the breeze coming inside the door and act as our guardian. I’m taking a quick look at the covered tables…”
“What’s going…,” Ana holds her face and stomach. “I feel dizzy. The room’s moving like vertigo,” leans against the door.
Woot frowns with confusion. “Vertigo is caused by an inner ear problem or nerve damage within the ear canal. Vertigo only lasts a minutes, honey. Sometimes, vertigo makes ya feel like vomiting. Are you sick to your stomach?”
“Not much!”
Woot nods. “Stay put! Something’s definitely going on here in the dungeon. Wait here! I’ll be back in a sec,” Woot swings around moving to the first table. He lifts the white sheet, gasping. “Shit!” he can’t snap a glossy colorful picture with his mobile telephone since the outside royal guards would see the tiny flash. He drops the sheet then moves to the second table, gasping. “Double shit!” he drops the sheet then shuffles to the next table. “Triple shit!” Woot swings around walking to Ana. She holds her mouth and stomach.

Flower garden.
The wooden club gently taps his collar bone when the royal palace guard bad breathes into Hucks’ eardrum. “Sir, may I ask…,” gasps. “Sir, why are your trousers down below your waist and posed at your kneecaps?”
Hucks snorts. “I’m pissing on the lawn relieving my bladder which is called pissing too. We Americans do this to keep from getting an UTI …”
“Why are you exhibiting that disgusting American behavior on Her Majesty’s manicured lawn?”
Hucks smiles and scans the darkness keeping the guard occupied and waiting for Woot and Ana. “Waiting on the damn dog to piss too. Where’s that mutt? Do ya see that mutt? It belongs to my wife, she loves it. Here, doggie do-do.”
“Doggie do-do, is that an American calling for a canine?”
“Its name doggie do-do,” Hucks smirks and shouts. “Do-do-doggie, come here. I finished my piss…”
“I was under the impression that the dog was named Doggie do-do.”
Hucks laughs then smiles at the guard. “Dogs can’t understand English or American or Spanish words, my new friend. Dogs respond to sounds like yee-haw, yahoo, woo-woo, and doggie do-do thinking it be their name…”

Dungeon steps.
Woot exits the door then firmly shuts it closed. He holds her hand leading up the concrete steps, hearing Hucks. Woot and Ana drop behind the curly green lush bushes. He scans the darkness of the lawn then sees Hucks with a second figure, the guard.
Hucks walks to the puppy picking up the wiggling dog when the guard and Hucks walk back into the patio.
Woot slowly stands patting his jacket finds the item then lights the cigarette. He gives to her. “Pretend to smoke.”
“Ugh, I hate smoke…”
“You’ll hate the smell of dusky prison cell floors worse. Don’t inhale it just wave it around so the smoke bothers the guard too. We crawl towards the flower garden then stand. We were discussing the different types of roses,” they crawl on the ground then stand behind a tree. Woot holds her hand leading from the tree and the flower gardens. “Baby, I wish you would…”
“Sir,” the royal guard walks towards them. “You are away from your suit and out very late in the warm evening...”
Woot nods and smiles. “Smoking’s not allowed inside the castle, rule number one. Smoking is allowed in the fresh air, rule number two.”
The guard says. “Miss, please extinguish your cigarette and return to your private suit inside the castle for your protection from any hidden terrorists…”
Woot cuddles Ana walking towards the lighted porch. “Okey, dokey! Ya heard the nice guard with the non-drawn gun, sweetie. Time to go inside for bed time,” stomps onto the patio. Ana drops the cigarette on the tiles stomping it dead.
Woot drags her upstairs, cuddling, not talking.

Fourth floor. chamber suite. Midnight. Monday morning.
Woot enters first then walks to the puppy. He lifts the dog searching the dog collar for a spying bug then places the puppy inside the bathroom. He closes the door then slams his finger to his lips for silence into the shared chamber suite. Ana, Fern and Hucks nod and stand in place. The baby is sleeping inside the baby crib of the master bedroom. Woot walks to the television activating the power. He increases the volume then fingers his master bedroom room with Hucks, Ana, and Fern following him.
Woot enters the large walk-in closet as the others follow him. He closes the door then motions to sit. Ana, Fern and Hucks sit on the floor then he cuts off the closet lights. The room is black midnight dark. Woot slowly pads then slams into Ana’s body. “Sorry, honey. I don’t think the closet is bugged for sound. Don’t comment! Let me finish first. Ana and I visited the dungeon underneath the castle. I picked the old lock with my pocket knife. Interesting enough, her allergies got activated by some type of chemical or bonding agent located inside the air molecules of dungeon. She sneezed and experienced vertigo. Her nose was runny too. Do you feel better now, Ana? Just squeeze my hand. Okay, she squeezed my hand. Ana’s feeling better after exiting the dungeon. The dungeon is really a chemistry laboratory. There’s lots of rolling operating tables like used in a hospital setting covered in white sheets. I saw the tables through the moon beams coming from the open glass panels of the windows. I bet they leave the glass windows open during the day while the toxin fumes drift into the sunshine. Sunshine kills germs too. I looked and got sick to my stomach, ya’ll. I viewed three different tables and they looked the same. There are dead babies living down there in the dungeon under the white sheets,” pulls his mobile telephone. “And the babies look very familiar to me,” Ana squeezes his arm. “I feel ya, Ana. Let me find that report on my cell phone,” searches through his mobile telephone. “I didn’t take a pic because I wanna live and leave England with ya’ll in case my cell gets accidentally snatched. I was afraid one of the guards might see the light explosion too. Shit, it’s not here, because I saw the paper folders and glossy pics on your office desk in Huntsville, Hucks. Bring up these electronic files from Dr. Yorkie and her dead folks from the Guntersville Dam massacre. A few months, another mission team with Cody fought against the real Brone and his soldiers who were both males and females. The leader of Cody’s team was named Skippy. Skippy’s girlfriend was named Yorkie. They both died in the Antebellum House massacre. Anyways, Skippy brought back the dead bodies of Brone’s army finding something both interesting and gross.” Hucks hands his mobile telephone to Woot. Woot accepts it with the tiny screen displaying the only light inside the dark closet. He scrolls through the pictures, nodding and grunting. “Yeah, the anatomy is exactly the same with these pics inside the castle dungeon, Hucks. Look, I’m going to show you one pic. It’s both gross and silly. So don’t laugh out loud. Cover your mouth in case we’re being recorded by a spy camera.” Woot places the mobile telephone in the middle of the huddle when you hear soft gasps. “Yeah, I saw the same thing but in miniature format of tiny babies, some only weeks old from birth. The baby boy cadaver dick is fully erected, a rare condition called priapism. This is an impossible medical condition in a newborn male. There was extra hair growth on both males and females covering almost the entire nude body. I know what you’re thinking. These things are not mammals or animals. Naw, these babies look like the pics on Hucks’ cell phone. All the fingers and toes are webbed too. There was a second row of teeth too. And they are missing vital organs like the liver and kidneys with their stomachs split open. I see the same medial pattern here too inside the London dungeon matching the Huntsville operating site. Dr. Yorkie concluded the dead bodies were experiencing some type of dramatic genetic change within their individual DNA strand. She never completed her work by getting assassinated by Brone. The group of US scientists taking over her work doesn’t have a clue either. Dr. Yorkie believed Brone was reviving some type of cave men and women genetic genes since the DNA strands were going backwards with excessive hair growth and double rows of teeth like a savage animal. I have a new working theory, ya’ll. Jon throughout the Miss Lily pageant was annoying me with a set of clinical medical symptoms when he viewed each beauty contestant. I ignored the asshole since he was annoying piss ant anyways. But he specifically mentioned excessive sweating, eye ticks, and yellow earwax. Think it! Queen Jill has green-colored finger nail beds, not green fashion girly polish. Fifty percent of nail problems are caused by a fungal infection. Green nails are a sign of bacteria. Yellow nails are a fungus. Red, purple and black nails are caused by blood from an injury to the hand. Queen Jill was sneezing like Ana during the business meeting like her body had come in contact with something contagious. That something was clinging inside her nostrils too probably from visiting the dungeon. Queen Jill was cleaning her ears of yellow ear wax with her fingernail then wiping on the baby’s blanket. Yucko too! Present-day, an infection can be treated by any type of antibiotic unless you’re dying or you’re really sick. Jon specifically said to me that yellow ear wax is the first sign. I think Jon knows what’s happening here in London and in Alabama. I wished we could kidnap his ass and beat the truth out of him. I believed during the beauty pageant he was bored or boasting since he really knew who Cody was. This is a big leap, ya’ll. But the royal guards are some of the helicopter black-helmet guys that grabbed us. I realized their smelly breathe and soldierly strut. Hucks probably agrees with me. Wonder if, the golden-helmet guys also are some of the royal guards here. Yeah, King Jack, Queen Jill, and Prince Jon, they are working with Brone to capture Cody. Cody possesses the Jesus Strand. Brone does not. I will go alone on the diving platform for my grand dive. Queen Jill doesn’t possess the Jesus Strand neither does Prince Jon, only King Jack. My newest scary theory, these dead babies and the adult soldiers had been infused with blood and organs from dead folks who did possess the Jesus Strand and who were dead now. But God gets His heavenly revenge, ya’ll. The infused folks look like cave people from the Ice Age. Present-day, a person can be infused with any type of blood consisting of O, A, B, or AB, because we’re all human and related to each other via Noah and Noah’s descendants. Wonder if, the Jesus Strand folks are far more healthier and never get sick and never need a physician so their individual organs would be far more healthier and viable for a sick person or a royal who doesn’t possess the Jesus Strand. This is the prime major focus on Cody. They want both his eight pints of blood and numerous healthy organs which will kill him dead,” nods then stands. He switches on the lights.
Hucks assists Fern to stand then Ana.
They exit the closet in silence into the living room.
Hucks cuddles Fern inside the tight huddle of the four. “I concur. Everyone pack your bags. We’re leaving here tomorrow.”
Fern whispers. “What about Cody?”
Woot frowns with worry. “We can’t save Cody if we’re all dead. I have just uncovered the royal torture and torment inside the dungeon. This is only a ruse to keep us from really locating Cody. We leave tomorrow for the States.”
Hucks nods. “Woot’s right. We go home and report to our boss, the President of the United States with our new working ass theory.”
They nod then swing to the bedrooms.

cabin. night time. 8:08 pm. (American time) hot. humid. 85°F. moonlight.
A cold hand touches his face when Cody blinks his eyelids open. He stares into her wrinkled pale face then sits upright upon the soft bedding. Cody frowns with confusion, holding his aching face from the violent punch of golden helmet. “Who are you?”
She sobs with tears holding Cody’s shoulders. “Help me, boy! He’s going to kill me. I’m your mama…,” when the door of the tiny room opens.
The short male sneers then aims the hand gun at the woman. He pulls the trigger when the bullet hits her calf muscle. She screams then slides towards the wall away from Cody. Cody sits inside the cot, staring with confusion. The male aims a second time shooting her in the heart.
Cody drops his mouth then studies the male. He is short, dark skin, brown full beard, and a brown ponytail hangs down his back. “Who are you?”
The male lowers the gun, smiling and nodding. “I’m your daddy as them Southerns like to say,” when two tall males stand inside the archway. He fingers the woman. “Drag that from me and my son then don’t return.”
One of the tall males says as they walk to the dead woman. “Yes, Brone.” They lift then carry the dead female out the door, closing it shut.
Cody fingers the bloody spot on the wall sitting inside the cot. “You…you killed her.”
“Cast it out and cast it away from here and rid the world of Satan and his demons! I killed an evil serpent. She only used and abused keeping me entertained with your slight whereabouts. I have warned her time and time again about teasing my humor because I don’t possess a humor.”
Cody scans the room. The walls are made of dried mud and bear naked without one single piece of art work. The ceiling is fresh cut lumber. There are no windows or curtains. There is only the cot with soft blankets with one chair. No tables. He views the blood stain of the dead woman then Brone, laughing in the face of danger. “Give up all your possessions, you will be allowed into heaven. I heard that you stole all the earthly possessions from Antebellum House which were centuries old antiques. And you have taken the twelve stones of the Art of the Covenant…”
“What good are earthly possessions in heaven?” Brone smiles and stares at Cody sitting in the single chair.
Cody sits upright on the cot. “Woe unto you, you are a serpent that can’t escape the damnation of hell.”
“There will come many false prophets to deceive the many peoples.”
“I sent you in as sheep among the wolves, be wise as snakes and harmless as doves.” Cody nods.
“Provide neither gold or silver nor brass in your purse.”
“If a house is worthy enter, if not leave it.”
“Do not go to the city but preach about heaven to the lost sheep.”
“The workmen is worthy of his supper.”
“You should not murder.”
“Don’t worship false god before me.”
“The sun darkens. The moon shines with no light. The stars fall from heaven. Jesus comes from heaven and all the twelve tribes will see Him in great glory leading the angels with a sound of trumpet. You have been stealing the twelve stones, Brone.”
“Is Jesus coming, son? I can’t answer that particular question since I’m not a warlock, a vampire, a werewolf, an angel or a demon. I am only a man with an impossible mission.”
“Your mission is completed. Ya got the twelve stones and the ark and the souls of the dead...”
Brone grins. “The ark will be used to fend against the Antichrist. Did you believe that God provided us with supernatural tools for protection too? Naw, He did not. The humans would have destroyed each other and the planet long before now…”
Cody stands then two-steps from the cot, tossing his arms. “Gawd, this all makes sense. You are the Antichrist. My daddy is the Antichrist.”
Brone laughs, sitting in the chair, shaking his ponytail. “Sorry to disappoint, I’m preparing for the Antichrist. I do not possess supernatural powers, Cody. I am flesh and blood like you. I have yellow teeth, brown hair with gray strands. I have brown eyes, not blue. I’m short unlike you. What are the duties of the Antichrist?”
“Pretending to be the real Christ.”
“Jesus warns to us. Be careful, the Antichrist will come and deceive you. Wars will come causing nation versus nation; kingdom versus kingdom coupled with lovely famines, beautiful pestilences, and awesome earth quakes. Then all these things must come to pass beginning the sorrows but it is not the end. There will be afflictions, killings, hatred, betrayal, cold loving. If you endure all the sorrow then ya go to heaven. Cody, I am building an army of children to endure the wars and sorrows foretelling the coming of the Antichrist. We best fight against the evil then the good children of Jesus.”
Cody frowns with confusion. “I don’t understand you, my dead mother, my live father, my devoted friends, my weird-ass life…”
Brone smiles. “I fall back on the Bible for guidance when I am troubled. The Pharisees and Sadducees came to Jesus. They wanted to test Him then asked Jesus to show them a sign from heaven. Brother Jesus said. ‘When evening comes the weather foretells the coming sky. In the morning the weather will be stormy for the sky will be red and overcast. You know how to interpret the appearance of the sky but you cannot interpret the signs of the times. A wicked and adulterous generation looks for a sign but none will be given it except the sign of Jonah.’ Brother Jesus walked away. This comes from the book of Matthew chapter sixteen, verses one through four. The creation of God’s world is invisible like his eternal power and divine nature. There is no hard evidence that a person can see or hear or touch of God but he does exist here inside your heart and mind and soul. During the Biblical times the church temples were ran over by both the priests denying information to the people and the money collectors stealing gold coins for payment of food, clothing and shelter. Brother Jesus became very angry then destroyed some of the vendor booths inside the church temple. Mankind is both greedy and selfness with material possessions. This is why I have established the humblebee camp for humble bodies, not busy bodies.”
Cody views the blood stain on the wall. “You killed the woman.”
Brone views the blood stain too. “God asks us to pray every day to rid the world of Satan and Satan’s evil. She was one of many of Satan’s followers. Yes, I killed her but her soul was not here. It is in hell now with Satan. But I believe in reincarnation of the evil not good. Therefore she will be back here on Planet Earth but I will protect you from her.”
Cody exhales, shaking his baldness. “Ya sound crazy, Daddy.”
Brone laughs and nods. “These are crazy times for the brothers and sisters of Christ. You must choose in your heart on an hourly basis to love God or love God’s treasures. Cody, I believe in Almighty God and Brother Jesus. I can’t prove any of the entities exist except within my heart.”
Cody nods. “In Ephesians 2:8-9, faith is a gift, not attained by human effort. King David got it right with his faith. Faith is a belief in things unseen. No one enters heaven by default. When you die God will judge by your heart. Every man or woman is born with a conscience and knows the difference between good and evil. God judges the intentions of the heart. Don’t worry about the dirt on your hands but worry more about the dirt in your heart.”
Brone nods. “America was founded as the new hope for the world with the solo value of Almighty God. In 1789 George Washington and members of Congress walked to church after his inauguration in New York City to pray for the newly formed freed country. Ground Zero is right next door to the church. Nobody learns the history lesson or the Bible lesson as man continues a personal quest for something better. As far as I know the Bible scriptures could be a lie of both heaven and God. A good example is the evolution of man from a damp cave into a heated house. Man works and struggles for his precious material possessions, yet cars murder man and cancer kills man.”
Cody exhales then frowns. “Do you think God is sitting back laughing at us for our failures?”
Brone frowns with concern. “Naw, I don’t think God is laughing. I believe He is crying for the salutation of His children. This is my goal to make a life for His children easier for Him. Is that not the purpose of us to serve our Creator? The church in past and present has remained power hungry for both money and prestige look at all the television programs proclaiming the life of Brother Jesus. The church knows the truths and the lies which are sealed and locked up in some dusty old underground vault under an old wooden church…” 
Cody laughs. “Have ya kidnapped the local preacher-man for that confession, Daddy?”
“Not today,” laughs Brone. “The medieval document called the Bible has been as they say scrubbed quite a bit from the original content. I find it every entertaining that a scientist has a driven desire to discover all the hidden material treasures underneath the soil like the artifacts mentioned in the Bible such like the Ark boat, the Ark chest, the Ark scrolls. They find the unlimited time to waste upon speculation and argument about the artifacts among themselves about biblical topics instead of helping suffering humans and animals with the plight of poverty, sickness, and malady.”
“Are you saying there isn’t a God looking out for the suffering humans and animals?”
“Do you believe that you carry a genetic chromosome from Brother Jesus?”
Cody exhales. “I saw my DNA strand which was very different from other folks. Yes, I do believe that.”
“Good, so do I. Remember, you only need to entertain your mind and heart with God’s desires of peace, love, and joy. Be a good boy and help the humans and animals for a life of heavenly joy. Be a bad boy and live for only you then take a chance of life in hellish misery…”
Cody exhales then views his hands and Brone. “Daddy, you’re building an army of warriors who possess the Jesus Strand for evil doings...”
“The birth of a child comes only from a virgin.”
“What?” Cody drops his mouth.
Brone smiles and nods. “Get your attention, son. What’s the first and greatest commandment?”
“Love God with your heart, your soul and your mind,” nods Cody.
“Three conditions are the heart, soul, and mind. What’s happening to the human mind now, present-day?” Brone exhales.
Cody laughs and smiles. “Porn in books, on television, in movies, on office desks…”
“Love thy neighbor as thy self...”
Cody laughs. “Ya know some folks interpret that totally different like lay both your greedy hands upon all the available treasures of the earth and forget about heaven,” pauses. “Who are you really?”
Brone exhales. “Cody, you were sentenced to serve your teen years at a work farm in the pig town of Etta, Alabama. I know some of your background information which has come to me in pieces like a jig saw puzzle. I’ve sorted and sequenced your life as best as I can, son. At the work farm…”
Cody tosses his hands. “You were stalking and spying on me. I saw it. You murdered the entire Ashmore family inside the small cottage on Hawk’s farm ranch. I was there. Ashley was completely paranoid about her assassin. Guess, I’d too if you were trying to kill me. I spent hours hunting and tracking down every boo sound knocking on the concrete blocks.”
“The building wasn’t a pretty cozy plantation cottage for social fun, Cody. The bunker has four concrete walls, no windows. Do you remember, son?”
Cody swings to the wall, remembering.
The cottage was decorated with a front porch. There was one room with a U-shaped hallway. Cody went outside investigating the sound. He crawled to the external window pane seeing the employees of the US Marshals office then hearing. Rob shouted. “Where’s Cody? Find that kid now.” Ashley was wearing the Starlit crown. Then Cody heard the twigs breaking and faint voices. He hid underneath the tractor in the dirt when the cottage exploded. The tractor was hit from the bomb fragments of the cottage when the heavy iron parts fell on top of him. He passed out from the pain.
Cody frowns with confusion, viewing Brone. “Okay, it did look sorta like a bunker. What about your appearance at Antebellum House?”
Brone says. “You were the only child of a local farmer, played sports, fucked whores having a good time as a teen-ass in high school. Maybe, you dreamed of playing ball at the local University and getting a college degree. One hot September evening night it all changed. Your daddy had killed your mama. The local judge appeared at your house, convicted you as an adult of beating the red blood out of your daddy’s face. Then you were immediately tried and sentenced to the work farm in the small rural town of Ettaville at the age of sixteen years old…” 
Cody exhales. “Why didn’t you find me, sir?”
“Your biological mother told me about your existence after she gave you away for adoption. She wasn’t a good person, much less a good motherly figure. She provided for the birth adoption immediately then ran into the woman whom I just executed. The dead woman killed your biological mother, Cody. I am so sorry. You keep finding out the truth, too late. The dead woman provided tiny bits of information about your person for money. Son, I do not have money or a banking account…,” when Cody drops his mouth in shock. Skippy was a billionaire in secret too who proposed that Brone was a billionaire, maybe trillionaire in secret also. Brone had been receiving all the bank monies from the deceased billionaire and millionaires that he murdered at Antebellum House. Brone nods. “How convenient you were at Antebellum House? How convenience I was at Antebellum House too? And how convenient we did not meet? I am not the bad villain in the fairy tale, Cody.” Cody nods. He worked undercover with Islander Fucner, and Skippy since Brone killed them all in cold-blood without mercy or explanation. And Cody did see him walking down the beau garconniere as Fucner was tailing him. Brone says. “I have never been arrested, convicted, sentenced, and hung by the neck muscles to suffocate, Cody. I am an American too born here in Alabama. I thought American justice was innocence before proven guilty plus the right to a speedy trial of your peer group. Your biological mother died without my knowledge too. She was replaced with the dead woman with an ugly heart attached to a pretty face. That woman blackmailed me for riches while providing tidbits of information about you. I believed her thinking you were an exact duplicate of me. I’m short, brown ponytail and brown eyes,” he smiles and scrubs Cody’s whiskers. “A set of scruffy dusted whiskers, comfortable worn cowboy boots, old worn jeans, it seems my son and I have a few things in common. I’m dark tanned from the years in the hot sun. I am your daddy. You are my son.”
“How so?”
He reaches and grabs Cody’s hand. “You possess a hitch hitcher’s thumb only ten percent of the entire human population exhibits this inherited trait from their biological parent,” holds his hand to Cody’s. Cody gasps seeing the exact formation of their thumbs. Brone releases Cody’s hand, nodding. “I was there at Antebellum House with you. The dead woman had provided too many hints allowing me to figure out her plot. She had hired a duplicate of me who was short, brown hair and stalking your whereabouts for both fun and meanness. Modern electronics are really a liability, son,” winks at Cody. “I tracked your stationary position with great luck. However I was going to find and kidnap you using the wrong physical description. Alas, I do not find your physical description within my eyeballs walking around the campus, so I accessed the computer system and found something better,” exhales and nods. “Your medical chart, each student was required to pass a medical examination. The physicians were very good at documenting every single medical and genetic trait. I found you by searching for a hitch hitcher’s thumb trait inside the computer then uncovered your student name Sterling Pierce. Once I had that name I could hack into any computer system finding your real name Cody Mack. I was able to trace your whereabouts around the metro city of Huntsville and then spotted you at the Miss Lily beauty pageant using your new physical attributes from the Antebellum House computer. Then you were being protected by the US military soldiers so I couldn’t get you. I continued to track you to the car dealership then pounced upon you when the situation when deadly wrong. I brought you back here for protection and safety. The other shared information, Antebellum House was a haven for the kids possessing the Jesus Strand…”
Cody exhales and frowns. “How do you know about the Jesus Strand?”
“I possess the Jesus Strand too along with you, son. Your biological mother didn’t understand my reasoning. We were very young and innocent. I married and brought her out here into the wilderness for our protection for whom all that carries and possesses the Jesus Strand. She was very unhappy then fled away from the forest colony without my knowledge of her escape and her pregnancy.”
Cody drops his mouth. “You didn’t go after her.”
“I did not know. I was in charge of the colony. I was up early that morning when I returned for our last afternoon meal she was missing from our cabin. That was eighteen years ago, Cody. The modern mobile telephone was in its infancy and very expensive, not owned by a lot of people, mostly business people. We were living in the middle of the wilderness back then and present now. I am so sorry about all this. We sent out a scouting party but she had fled into the city of Birmingham. I continued to hunt for your mother and my wife.”
Cody laughs. “Okay Daddy, you’re certifiable crazy. Why would you pursue a woman who didn’t love you or maybe feared you?”
Brone nods. “Why did God allow men more than one wife?”
Cody laughs, “For his fun fucking…”
Brone smiles. “Males, who knew that they were the children of Jesus, produced children of Jesus with many different wives spreading the love, literally,” winks and chuckles with Cody.
“…with extreme fun fucking action…,” laughs Cody.
“I wanted her safe. Our fight is with the Antichrist, son. I have missed led you. I am not building an army of warriors. I am building a community of humblebees,” smiles Brone.
“Humble-bees!?” Cody laughs.
“A bumblebee stings if provoked, especially if you step on the flying insect punching your toes with its stinger.”
“Been there, done that. That sucker hurt for days.”
“A colony of bumblebees sting; a community of humblebees pray…”
“How do you recruit the humblebees, Daddy?”
“Jesus,” smiles Brone.
Cody laughs, “Clever answer, Daddy,” scans the room. “So ya’ll live inside log cabins inside the wilderness being humblebees. Did a humblebee make them ugly curtains over the window panes? Someone ain’t really talented with the needle and thread.”
Brone laughs. “Jesus is the correct answer, Cody. Naw, son! Them ugly curtains came from a bargain wholesale store in the city of Birmingham. We live near Jasper, Alabama smack in the middle of two big metro cities with good cheap house goods, clothing and food shopping. Sit, Cody! I guess we’ll start with my overall appearance. Most of men have beards, mostly to annoy their wives for fun. The males that can’t get away with the beards are clean shaven. Yes, we purchase razors for the males and ladies. No, we don’t cook our soap for bathing. We go to the store in the city. The females have long hair, wear no makeup mostly sunscreen from the bright sun and hats kinda like the old western days. The cabins are all hand built with love, the architecture is simply and ugly but functional in the cold winters and hot summers, keeping the bugs outside. The roof is rigged with solar panels from our smart humblebees who are engineers. The humblebees come from all walks of life, if I dare use that term. And they come from all cities around Alabama. Each US State has some type of a single humblebee camp with a few families. We own a mobile telephone and a television screen for bad weather. Bama is bad with tornadoes in the springtime so we watch out for that. We hadn’t had to evac yet. We don’t really advertise the single cell phone or the lonely television for the young’uns. The young go to school and learn a trade. The older teach school and the trade. Learning and reading about the past world history is important along with useful scientific skills for our everyday life. We raise our crops for food. We till our fields with modern day equipment that keeps the teens working and figuring out how the farm equipment functions. We buy our clothing in the store. Each family gots an allotment then they wear ‘em then hand ‘em down to the younger children. We don’t waste resources be it a pair of jeans like mine. You can see my colored patches between the original fabric threads. I love these jeans. They’re tough and rough like me. When I finally tear ‘em up with too many holes I get a used pair from my neighbor or my friend down the way. We have animals for food too. We kill animals for meat then collect the white packages from the local slaughter house down the roadside. We sell the animal hides and fur for money then buy staple items like flour, sugar, salt, gasoline. Each cabin has electricity too which we pay for. We’re living out here in the rural country, not roughing it like wolves,” chuckles. “We teach our kids honor, honestly and respect along with God’s values and ethics. We’re certified by the State of Alabama as a school site since the US Federal government won’t leave us be if we didn’t. Even thou our own US Constitution does stress the separation of government and religion. We’re safe here. The locals know about our colony and leave us alone. And we leave them alone. Modern day folks are just trying to make it in the world. We don’t go around preaching or teaching about Brother Jesus to anybody but us. Some folks don’t wanna hear it or see you, so we let them be too. We do our own thing. We are happy about that. Our colony is very small about shy of hundred people. There are about thirty families too. I can’t say for certain if we’re growing or not. We rise early with our family ritual then colony business making the day and night go by quick then time for bedtime. Each person is happy here. I think maybe it’s in our genes,” chuckles with Cody. “Now you have found me. I am happy. Now you have a decision to make, son. You can live with me here. You can live without me out there. I truly hope you pick living with me but either way I am happy to find you, son. You don’t have to decide now. Why don’t you stay and stick around and talk to some of the colonists? Brother Jesus preaches about living your life on Earth as one of God’s children. Be humble. Be happy. Jesus has predicted the past, present and future wars, famines, pestilences, ground shakes and he says to endure it all. The last person standing will receive Him and Heaven. We all must endure the sorrows of evil then survive the pleasure of kindness,” nods.
“I know that.”
“Who rules a nation of people, Cody?”
“The head of state like a president, a prime minister, a chancellor.”
“Who rules a kingdom of people, Cody?”
“A royal family, a king and his queen.”
Brone nods, not smiling. “King Jack and Queen Jill, the words sounded like part of a nursery rhyme I sung as a toddler,” when Cody drops his mouth.
Cody stands and swings to the wall and shakes his baldness then face Brone. “It can’t be…”
“I am afraid so. They are false prophets among us, Cody.”
“Daddy!” Cody frowns with fear learning too many bad secrets. He needs to locate Woot, Fern, and Hucks who are searching and praying for his safety over theirs.
Brone stands and smiles, “The common denominations of adultery, fornication, idolatry, hatred, wrath, strife, gossip, envy, murder, drunkenness, and vanity are sins. You follow one of these sins you do not go to heaven. The common denominators love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, ad temperance are virtues of Brother Jesus which is a ticket into heaven. Let us do good unto all men, women, and children who are of the house of faith. I will say to you, I love you but I have missed you so much and now I have found you. I realize it will take time for you to acknowledge me as your biological father. I accept that so I will say good night, Cody,” exits the room.
“Good night, sir,” Cody fakes a smile nodding, when the door closes. He swings and scans the room. “I’m safe. They’re not,” he stomps to the door then touches the knob. He exhales, slowly turning the glass knob. The door smoothly cracks open when Cody grins. He sees the moonlight beams on the soil then closes the door.
Cody will escape before dawn like his biological mama from the colony then track down and rescue Woot, Ana, Fern and Hucks.

August 28th. Tuesday. morning. 8:08 am. (London time)
Royal palace. chamber suite. fifth floor.
Woot holds Ana’s hand dropping both clothing bags on the floor. Fern cuddles the baby viewing Hucks. “How the hell are we walking out of here? The royals will get suspicious…”
Hucks says. “The baby is sick and Ana is sick. Cough, Ana!” she smiles then slaps her hand to her mouth coughing then giggling.
The mobile telephone rings when Woot views the telephone number with a frown. “What’s this? A wrong number,” he swishes the decline ion on the ringing phone then it silences.
Hucks frowns. “Who’s calling you, Woot?”
The mobile telephone rings again when Woot views the same telephone number with a frown then growls. “The same number, my internet is calling me on the cell phone. It’s a fucking joke.”
Hucks frowns. “How is that possible, Woot?”
Woot fingers the ringing mobile telephone. “This telephone number is used by my computer to hook into the internet at my house on the telephone landline. Some smart-ass hacker has jacked into my internet telephone number probably ringing up a mess of international charges on my American phone bill too…”
Fern giggles. “Answer the tele, Woot? See if you can curse out the smartass,” laughs with the others.
The mobile telephone continues to ring when Woot exhales. “Fine,” swipes the screen, jerking the speaker to his mouth. “Hey, dumbass ya betta not,” pauses. “Cody, where are ya, buddy? Gawd, we be worried sick to our stomachs vomiting up matching green puke...”
Pause.
“In my place in Bama?!”
Pause.
“Inside my place in Bama!? Cody, are you drugged with pot or stoned with stones or drunk with beer? How in the hell did you get into my place, Cody?”
Pause.
“Ya entered the door after ya shot the shit out of metal lock with your hand gun. I’m coming to ya, Cody. I’m leaving this foreign country on the jet in about thirty minutes so you sit tight. And no fucking girls in my man-cave or I’m beat your ass with my alligator belt like a hillbilly redneck rather than shake your hand like a southern gentleman,” sneers Woot when the phone disappears from his hand.
Ana slams the cell to her eardrum. “Cody dear, this is Ana. We’ve happy that your person is alright. Please stay put, sweetheart. Don’t move your tall bones! Hucks’ll beat Woot for ya. I promise. We’ll are on our way, honey. And please fix the lock and bolt that door. Bye, Cody!” she hands the phone to Woot.
Woot swipes the telephone off, grinning and nodding. “Good news, Cody is found. Great news, Cody is healthy. Bad news, Cody is in my place alone with very loud rock and roll music playing in the back ground of my bedroom. Worse news, Cody is fucking…”
Ana smiles and pats his arm. “Woot.”
Woot narrows his eyelids in the far distance at the royals. “O, the company’s here.”
Ana giggles. “Woot, we’re the company here.”
Woot closes the door then kisses her lips. They walk down the stairs to greet the royals this early morning. “Not any more we go back to the USSR, wrong song back to the good old US of A, the safety place on planet Earth where one of our many military base holds hundreds of semi-automatic weapons in the hands of semi-automatic pissed off US military soldiers looking to kill a small village of crazy terrorists…”
Hucks hugs and laughs with Fern stomping down the stairs. “Right-o, duckie.”
They follow the royals into the drawing room.
Ana whispers. “Cody is too impressionable around ya’ll experienced warrior soldiers from the US. I believed this to be one of the many reasons he was so easily dubbed as a pawn into Brone’s chess game.”
Fern grins. “Dubbed as a pawn, are we talking about the same Cody Mack with sprouts of tiny baby cute platinum blonde hair strands slowly covering a buzz cut…”

Drawing room.
Hucks holds the chair for Fern and the baby whispering into her eardrum. “How we going to play this game, Fern?” she smiles at the baby.
Woot slides into the chair next to Hucks, smiling. “Follow my lead, man. Then we be jetting over the Atlantic Ocean, eating a messy lunch on Woot’s train inside my fabby man-cave and then listening to Cody’s long-winded demon tale of his capture and escape from an evil terrorist nicknamed Brone.”
Jack says. “Good morning, we have a long list of items to accomplish before nightfall…”
Woot stands and smiles tossing his hands. “I got a new item. Think this! God created earth and man, meaning man and woman. Then His second born son and daughter, ya’ll get it. Jesus is His first born son. So that makes Adam has the second born son and Eve is His first born daughter. I wonder if Mary is concerned His first born daughter since she birthed the first born Son…”
Jill frowns. “How is this related to our present situation, Woot?”
Woot tosses his hands, smiling. “Just a sec darling! So Adam and Eve fucked up and ate the damn red pretty apple then got kicked out of paradise, pissing God off. Then the world fucked each other and multiped with more of His blessed kids. The kids did naughty stuff fucking and licking each other then performed Satan worshipping,” Ana slaps his bicep when Woot chuckles. “Wait, I’m on a roll, darling. Okay, God got pissed off again and then flooded the world with yucky sea water. Every male, female, child, teen, mammal, bullfrog and bug died but good ole boy Noah. Goody too shoes Noah has three goody-good sons and matching daughters. The children fucked each other creating more children from father-earth Noah. Now all of Noah grandchildren and great-grandchildren and great great-grandchildren started acting like a set of spoiled rotten brats again. Ya know fucking and licking each other for a second time,” Ana slaps his bicep when he smiles and tosses his hands. “I’m almost finished, babe. God gets compassion then sends down His first born Son to calm the wild-ass natives on Earth, His property. It back fires and first born Son gets spitted on then cursed out and then hang on the cross. However God is smarter than His asshole children and has an awesomely new plan. His first born Son is pure love and light. Amen. The first born Son spreads his sunshine to his mama. Ya know every little boy loves his mama then the big man protects his mama with a shotgun in one hand and an arm wrapped her collar bone like a true son. Then the sunshine is transmitted down to the next child then the next child and then the next child. Ya’ll get it now,” chuckles with Hucks.
“Woot is getting something from his drink or his cigar or his tongue. What are you smoking inside the rented royal palace chamber suit?” Jon laughs.
Woot smiles and nods, “So with the Jesus Strand God is creating his only holy band of good people with lots of sunshine. When Brother Jesus returns he will lead a new band of goody too shoes against all the evil peoples. Ya know the world is getting more evil and not nice from present-day to Judgment day. Look at the newscast every hour, every minute, every second of the day and night. No one likes each other or their neighbor or their little dog. The world is ugly. So God had planned for that and did something about it. He has created his new breed of His children spreading good cheer, happiness and hope different from the other assholes that can’t see their dick over the rolling glutton of fat. Therefore the Jesus Strand is a new breed of God’s children that Brone is trying to wipe out and off the surface of planet Earth. Amen!” Woot fingers Jack, Jill and Jon. “Now you, you, and you get to Brone. The end!”
Hucks claps and smiles. “Woot’s a genius.”
Woot flips his hand, laughing. “Awe thanks, man!”
Hucks stands and nods. “Thanks for the invite, our new royal friends. But the baby is sick. Ana is sick with a bad cold too.” Hucks assists Fern and the baby to stand, when Woot assists Ana to stand. Hucks hugs Fern, smiling. “So we be leaving England now. An American jet is standing by located at the American military base outside of London, since the president send it for us to come back home to Bama. Bye, ya’ll!” Woot and Ana wave to the royals then swings and exits the room. Hucks and Fern back steps then walks backwards, saying. “Bye and good luck, ya’ll!”

Huntsville. Alabama.
Woot Toot train.
4:03 pm. sunny. partly cloudy. no rain. slight breeze. hot. humid. 101°F.
Cody crouches behind the bushes wearing the borrowed baseball cap covered in brown twigs, green vines and green and brown leaves blending into the forest landscape. He watches the other fake Brone who is short, full brown beard, and brown ponytail on the opposite side near the trees.
Brone and his men are hiding inside the train waiting for Woot. Cody had already taken care of Brone’s other men squatting under the trees and bushes with the nice set of sharp steak knives from the kitchen cabinet and the gleaming hunting knife collection from the bedroom, compliments of Woot.
The pickup truck skids over the loose gravel flying white pebbles into the air when Woot jumps from the passenger seat. Woot dashes towards the engine compartment then halts seeing the scorched dangling lock hanging along the metal door, growling. “Cody!?” he slides the door open when a boot heel flies near his nostrils. Woot grabs then twists the ankle of the attacker sideways. He tosses the attacker from the engine compartment into the yard as the male yells with pain. Woot enters the engine compartment then slams his hand into the face of the second attacker.
Fern slides out the door handing her baby to Ana. The baby cries. Fern drags the baby and Ana towards the box car of the Woot Toot train. Fern pulls the twin hand guns from her backpack dropping it on the ground. Fern shoots the door lock out of the rear box car then stands inside the archway firing the guns at the surprised uninvited guests who want to harm her and her baby. The guests yell then fall dead all the new floor.
Fern tosses her empty twin hand guns then grabs the baby. She enters the bedroom grabbing the laundry basket. She empties the clean towels then rips the clean sheets from the bed mattress. She kisses his forehead then quickly prays for some divine help. She lays the clean towels into the laundry basket then wraps the bed sheets around her baby. She lays the baby inside the launch basket then wedges the basket between the bed, kneeling. The baby cries as she caresses then kisses his forehead. She stands smiling and hearing her baby cry with good luck.
Fern back steps from the baby then swings to Ana. She grabs Ana by the arm then drags her to closet. Fern slams open the doors handing weapons to Ana. Fern takes the weapon laying them on the top of the bed then pumps the twelve gauge shotgun. She hands the gun to Ana. “Just shoot until empty then toss it and grab another weapon. I’m helping Woot end this,” Fern walks out the bedroom door.
Ana exhales slapping the butt under her armpit watching the door and hearing the baby cry for fear too.
Hucks dashes behind Woot then slides to the side when the attacker is tossed from the engine compartment door as stray shots fire from the rooftop of the train. Hucks squats and fires back onto the rooftop killing some of the attackers. He sees Fern and Ana run from the truck and then into the rear of the box car for protection. Fern will kill anyone that comes near their son at the moment. Hucks runs then slides over the dry dirt crawling under the engine cab reloading his gun. The bullets burrow into the dirt as Hucks narrows his eyelids in the far distance at an empty railroad track. He hears the swishing of boots then turns to the opposite view, seeing the boot toes of the attackers.
Cody crawls on knees around the trees and bushes then poses at the edge of the forest. He folds at the wrist running towards the rear door of the box car then stops. Brone moves crouching at his wrist towards the train when Cody stands in the middle of the dirt. Brone stops then slowly standing and sneering at Cody. Cody fires his gun into the stomach of Brone. “Shoot, don’t sneer,” then turns and races up the rear box car of the steps as Brone falls backwards dead. Cody enters the door seeing Fern fighting with a female attacker. Cody hears the baby crying dashing towards the bedroom space. He runs into Ana slamming the gun against the wall before Ana accidentally kills him, panting. “You and the baby come with me to a safe place,” races to the baby. He lifts and cuddles the baby then grabs Ana’s arm. Cody and Ana exit out the rear door of the box car leading them to the stolen truck.
Ana pants. “I can’t leave Woot. We’re married. He needs our help, Cody. Fern needs our helps too. I’m guarding the baby for...”
Cody cuddles the baby dragging Ana with his man-pull towards the truck, laughing. “Congratulations! Woot’s a great guy and they’re all professional soldiers in the USA military. Believe me! They’ve been doing this shit for years. They don’t need help but you and baby need safety instead,” shoves the baby to Ana. Cody opens the passenger door as Ana climbs inside.
Cody slams the door then jogs to the driver’s seat. He starts the engine, grinning.
Woot slams a fist then a boot toe into the face of his twin attackers knocking one against the wall then out the window. One of the attackers returns the favor slamming Woot into the control panel. Woot leans into the console panel then kicks both boot heels into the attacker. The attacker rams the window when Woot kicks him out the window onto the dirt. Woot pants then touches the paper seeing the note. “Cody!?” The new attacker punches Woot in the face when they hug each other slamming the wall then roll onto the floor.
Fern punches her fist into the face of the female attacker then the breasts shoving the girl over the lounge chair. Fern stomps the face with her boot heel when a second female jumps on top of Fern. Fern swirls and slams the girl into the bar then rolls backwards as they fall behind the counter onto the floor. Fern lands on top of the girl knocking her unconscious. Fern stands from behind the bar counter wiping the blood from her lip when a third female sits inside the lounge chair.
The female stands from the chair enjoying the performance of the solider-girl, smirks then cups her earlobe. “I don’t hear the sweet wailing song of your precious infant baby…”
Fern gasps turning to the bedroom archway. Another female attacker exits the bedroom smiling and laughing. Fern growls and faces the female. “Bitch, you hurt my baby,” she leaps over the bar then slams both hands into the girl’s face then grabs the shoulders tossing the girl into the closed window. The glass window breaks. Fern grunts then slams into the female pushing her and the glass loose from the metal frame. The female falls out the window.
The female climbs onto the platform the climbs onto the rooftop. Fern growls following her.
They both stand on the rooftop.
Woot rolls from the folded fist then lands on the console. He presses the buttons starting the train in motion then toots the whistle.
“Damn,” Hucks hears the whistle of the train while feeling the heat from the roaring engines. He tucks the gun inside his chest then rolls his body over the tracks, into the dirt, and down over the grass. The train rolls down the tracks gathering speed. Hucks squats on one knee spraying bullets at the running attackers along the ground as he finishes them off dead.
Woot punches then kicks as the attacker rolls out the window grabbing the ledge of the rooftop.
The attacker winks then climbs over the platform. Woot grabs the paper stuffing inside his torn jacket then curses and exits out the window.
Hucks twists his face towards the train aiming at the rooftop then uprights the gun, exhaling. He can’t fire without harming Fern or Woot.
Fern sees three more ugly females on top of the rooftop with her. “Shit!” She squats on her kneecaps as the train blows her hair behind the shoulders. She pulls the knife from behind her waist line then tosses at the girl’s face. The girl falls off the rolling train. Fern yells standing and kicking her boot toes in the air dancing with the other two females. She punches then kicks at each other. The left girl slams her fist to Fern’s face as Fern falls backward catching her balance. The right girl swings, missing Fern. Fern ducks then slices her leg at the girl’s stomach. The girl falls off the rooftop of the train.
Woot ducks from the folded fist then eats the metal of the rooftop when the male slams his boot heel into Woot’s back. Woot grunts then rolls almost off the train grabbing the bar hanging off the edge.
The male smiles then stomps to Woot stopping and raising his boot heel. Woot swings side to side then grabs the rooftop bar with his feet like a monkey getting away from the attacker. Woot struggles with wavering arms and hand then climbs onto the rooftop. He pants and struggles to stand from the moving train as the attacker comes closer and laughs. Woot sits in a squatting pose when the male hovers over Woot’s hair roots. Then Woot stabs his knife into the male’s boot toe.
The male screams as Woot stands then slams his fist into the face. The male struggles off balance then falls off the train as Woot swings to the building and frowns with fear. “Shit! The train station’s too close,” swings around then dashes to Fern on the second box car.
Fern slams her fist into the last female as the girl falls onto the rooftop.
Woot runs then slams into Fern wrapping his arms around her breasts. They plunge off the rooftop rolling sideways in the air then hit the pond water.
They dive underwater.
The train slams into the concrete station platform at full speed spitting metal, fire, and human body parts over the tracks, the glass windows, the building bricks.
Woot kicks his boot under then water then surfaces holding Fern. She shouts and sobs between his biceps looking at the train crash. “My baby, he’s on the train. The train has wrecked. My baby…”
Woot shakes Fern, saying. “Cody, Cody got the baby to safety before the train wreck. Fern, the baby and Ana are okay,” he releases Fern as they float above the water. Woot pulls the plastic wrapping from his wet jacket ringing the water from the zipper. He slips out the paper then reads the printing. “Come to Raccoon Creek Road at Lick Creek for Ana and the baby. They’re safe. Cody,” he laughs and hugs Fern. Fern laughs and cries with panic and relief.
They swim towards the muddy bank of water.

Lick Creek. Raccoon Creek Road. Cabin. 6:09 pm.
Ana paces around the tiny cabin with a single bathroom, a wall of books and four large windows with tacky homemade curtains. She exhales the inhales with worry. Cody took the baby from her after exiting the pickup truck. He has not returned either. She has been cooped up inside the cabin for an hour when the door opens.
Cody smiles and enters. “Hey Ana, what da ya think about our colony?”
Ana frowns with annoyance. “Where is the baby? Where is Woot? I wanna leave now…”
Brone enters cuddling the baby then hands to Ana. “He has been changed with clean diapers and fed by one of the wetting mothers. He’s a healthy baby and possesses the Jesus Strand too,” pats on Cody at the collar bone. “I was very worried when you escaped from the colony Cody but you did the correct thing. The baby and his parents are invited to join the colony too.”
Ana studies the baby. “He possesses the Jesus Strand. How is that possible? Cody, we need to talk in private please…”
Cody elbows Brone, smiling and grinning. “Everything’s okay, Ana. This is Brone, my real biological daddy. I finally found my real family after all these years. And I am not brainwashed either. Brone and his colony are not the terrorists who are killing Americans either. I’m going to stay and live here with my daddy working the wilderness into a farm life for the humblebees,” nods and smiles when Ana laughs cuddling the baby.
Brone frowns with worry. “Ana, I am happy you are safe from your enemies but you cannot stay here at the colony. I hope you understand.”
Ana nods. “I understand. Thank you for the protection. When my husband arrives we will be leaving. I hope my husband arrives soon,” views the windows.
Brone nods. “That is all I ask. However since I have learned of the baby’s inherited genes I will be asking the parents to stay and live within the colony. We offer protection and safety from the outside world.”
Ana frowns with concern. “O! I don’t know if Hucks and Fern would stay here.”
Brone says. “I will offer the invitation being their choice. They are your friends as told by Cody. Would you care to find out if you are a child of Jesus?”
Ana sours. “Sir, I am baptized in the name of Brother Jesus. I don’t need a blood test or a hermit telling me that I am not a different type of child of Jesus. I believe in Almighty God, Brother Jesus, the Holy Spirit and my heavenly angles…”
Brone smiles. “I have offended you. I am very sorry. Allow me to ask? Would you care to volunteer your blood for a medical test and view the results for your fun amusement?”
Ana frowns with puzzlement then says. “I have learned some of the other names of people who carried the Jesus Strand. Would you mind rattling off a few for me then I would be more convinced of your sincerity?”
Brone nods. “James, the half-brother of Jesus, Joan of Arc of France, and Queen Elizabeth, the first of England are just a few names who possessed the Jesus Strand which came from the Virgin Mary,” when Ana drops her mouth. She had learned that information from the royals in England. She nods when Brone motions towards the door.
They exit then cross the soil without concrete sideways walking along the grass, dirt and leaves.

Cabin.
Cody opens the door standing on the front porch, nodding and grinning. Brone leads with Ana behind. Brone motions to the sitting chair when Ana sits. He stands at the wooden counter, saying. “This particular small cabin is more or less the medical facility inside our quaint colony. We own and operate laboratory equipment and analyze molecules of blood into the raw components of white and red blood cells. I will pause for thought and say. A child of Jesus is a very happy and healthy person living here on Earth. I can’t explain so you need to ask Jesus that particular question. Anyways, I can perform a simple blood test. We do this with our new family members to be certain of the inherited genetic trait for our safety. Over the years there have been imposters who are not with us anymore. I will perform all the steps of the laboratory work and analysis the work as I narrate the procedure. May I have hold your hand,” Ana raises her hand when Brone grabs it. “I puncture a sharp needle into the top meat of your index finger squeaking between the small wound, puddling the blood towards the skin surface…”
“Ouch!” she gasps.
“It bites both literally and figuratively. I capture the blood smearing it onto a sterilized laboratory glass slide,” he coats the slide with her blood. “I place the coated slide into a very powerful cellular microscope using the latest gene splicing and DNA extraction process which is very popular within science. The slide is under the lens. I flip a couple of switches and this button generating the power. The image appears on the wall. I strike another button displaying your 23 chromosome patterns on the wall. I am sorry for the lack of proper audio-visual accoutrements but we are only a simple old-fashioned farm community. We paint the walls white for some shadow box entertaining mostly for the children,” chuckles. “The image shows your X and Y chromosome symbols on the wall.” They view the wall. “I will enlarge the eighteenth gene chromosome. There are eight bands composed of white or black. One is white; the other is black. The DNA strain of Cody, Joan of Arc, Queen Elizabeth, Brother Jesus and me is a panel of solid black.”
Her heart races. Her hands sweat. Her mind clicks then she gasps. “I am a child of Jesus too.”
Brone frowns with worry then double checks the tiny computer screen. “Ana, you are pregnant also based on the newest technology equipment housed inside our medical facility from your volunteered blood smear,” swings to her, smiling and nodding. “Congratulation, my dear!”
Ana stands and claps then hugs Cody then Brone. “I’m doubly blessed. Thank you so much, Cody and Brone,” then she releases Brone back stepping from his body. She exhales and inhales blinking her eyelashes at the floor and frowns with worry. She remembered that King Jack, Queen Jill and Prince Jon were hunting for Cody who possessed the Jesus Stand. The fake Brone had viciously attacked and killed other people with the Jesus Strand along with his failed kidnapping plot trying to nab Cody. Now she is facing the situation if they find out about her unborn child.
Brone exhales, saying. “You are a child of Jesus because your body has carried the eighteenth chromosome inside your DNA molecules coming directly from many, many generations of Brother Jesus. Only a virgin can pass the Jesus Strand to the babe. If both of the parents possess the eighteenth chromosome within of their DNA strands they produce a child of Jesus. However they produce only one babe. The parents cannot procreate making a second baby for any reason and under any circumstances. I am lecturing about an infertility birthing. The secret of modern science has provided lots of false miracles for God’s children. A substitution for the real thing, a child of Jesus cannot be created by man or woman ever,” nods.
 “Why not? I don’t understand your statement or your question, Brone. What does that mean?” Ana frowns with confusion.
Brone smiles and nods. “You will have to ask Brother Jesus that question. I cannot answer for Him,” when the car horn interrupts the conversation.
Ana shouts. “Woot is here. They’re here! They’re survived the fight,” runs outside the cabin. She waves and screams.

Outside the colony.
The horn on the pickup truck alerts the residents of the outside vehicle. The iron gates manually open as the truck enters then slowly rolls onto the gravel road then stops. Woot slides out the passenger door, shouting and scanning the scattered cabins and tall trees of forests. “Ana! Ana! Ana, I’m here…”
“Woot,” screams Ana, running from the cabin, smiles.
“Ana,” shouts Woot, running from the truck. They collide then cuddle, kissing. They part then smile goofy. “I love you, darling.”
Woot smiles. “I love you, sweetheart.”
Fern dashes to Cody taking her son from his hands, cuddling and kissing the baby. Hucks hugs and smiles at the smart-ass teen. “Cody, you’re a chicken shit running from a fight with my son. Excellent move, buddy! You saved my son so that makes you his permanent babysitter for life, kid.”
Cody laughs and nods. “I accept, Hucks. Thanks.”
Ana frowns with worry. “What happened after Cody rescued me and the baby form the fight? Your face’s bloody and beaten, sweetheart. Do you need a medical physician and some x-rays? Are your hurt? Is a bone broken? We should go to the hospital immediately…”
Woot hugs and exhales. “Naw, I’m fine. I’m rough and tough, babe. The bastards beat my face then kicked my ass then crashed my train. No more Woot Toot train, babe. I guess we start from scratch. Or we can live in a house or a boat house on the Tennessee River. The love the quiet of the river and plop-plop of the fish lips sucking up the worms. How about that, darling?”
The short male smiles and extends his hand. “I am Brone…”
“The terrorist or the turkey?” Woot laughs and shakes the small hand.
Brone smiles being used to cruel jokes but the words do not bother him. “I run a camp of humblebees. A colony of bumblebees sting; a colony of humblebees pray. This is God’s country, if you like that expression. We live off the land for food, raising livestock and pay electricity for air conditioning and warm heating. We live in ugly log cabins cut from our rough hands. We farm the land and pay taxes too. You can’t get away from death and taxes,” chuckles with Cody.
Hucks frowns with annoyance. “Cody, I hope you ain’t listening to this fish bait swimming around the woodlands pond. Brone ran the Starlit Foundation then the Starlit Foundation set up the pageants to collect blood sample from the contestants tracking down the Jesus Strand race then killed them.”
Brone says. “I do not possess either money or a bank account. I do not own real estate property or buildings. I handle the money nicely donated by the residents of the colony…”
Hucks exhales. “See, he admits his guilt, Cody collecting money and the ark stones for more money...”
Brone chuckles. “Have you ever heard of Utah? God owns many underground mines of gold, copper and silver. However He cares nothing for these precious things only one thing precious thing, your eternal soul. Give your eternal soul to God and live here for a while until you reach the kingdom of heaven. I am here to provide a safe haven for those who possess the Jesus Strand.”
Ana bounces and smiles, hugging Woot. “Daddy knows what thing you want, before you ask.”
Woot chuckles then leans into her face, whispering. “A total rip off from the Book of Matthew six, verse eight with who’s your daddy reference, Ana? I didn’t fucking get it or like it or wanna it. Let’s get out of here…”
“We’re pregnant.” Ana nods and smiles. “I just found out here inside the state of the art medical facility. I’m going to have a baby. We’re so lucky…”
Woot smiles and cuddles her. “We’re leaving. This shitty conversation has been too much fucking fun for me. Do you have a purse or cell or something on your person?”
Brone nods and smiles. “I know all about the Jesus Strand. I am one along with Cody and the entire residents who live and work this colony. We live the words inside the Holy Bible. Love your enemies. Bless them that curse you. Do good to them that hate you and pray a lot,” chuckles with Cody. “We live peace and joy as one…”
Woot laughs then sours to Brone. “I remember from my world history lesson a lonely and crazed guy named Hitler who tried to do the same shitty thing. He was into the blonde hair paired with blue eyes thing, thinking about creating a single race of super beings and then over running and ruling the world.”
“We all have learned that Hitler’s thing was without God’s blessing,” says Brone.
Hucks frowns with confusion hugging on Fern. “I agree with Woot. You’re doing the same thing here in the middle of some deep thick forest land of Alabama with your precious race possessing only the Jesus Strand. It’s time to leave, honey.”
Brone smiles. “Your son possesses the Jesus Strand. I tested his blood for fun. He is one of us only with the both of you. You are welcome to stay and live here as a family unit and away…”
Woot stomps to Hucks. “Do not believe the whacko, Hucks! Let’s go and leave from here. I gotta borrow some of your clothes, Hucks. All my stuff’s burned or is buried under the VBC train platform. Cody, ya coming with us or hanging with the hermit inside the valley of the tree limbs,” frowns with annoyance.
Cody nods and says. “I witnessed the blood test inside the medical facility of the colony. The baby is a child of Jesus. His blood is splattered like me too. That means, one or both of you are also like me and my daddy. This is my real daddy, Brone…”
Hucks exhales. “I don’t know about this stuff. I really wanna a cold beer and a hot bath. What do you think Fern?”
Fern cuddles her baby studying Brone. “I do believe Cody. He doesn’t lie. He is a child of Jesus too. And I do believe you, sir. You are the mistaken terrorist Brone who walked around Antebellum House looking for your son. I have child. I love my boy. If someone took him by purpose or mistake I would search heaven and hell for my baby. Okay, so why are you called the name of Brone? How did ya get? That’s a really weird-ass name, sir.”
Brone smiles. “I am so rude. Would any of you like a cold beverage or a cold washrag for your bloody face?”
“Answer the question, sir?” Hucks frowns with frustration, hugging Fern.
Brone smiles. “My family surname is Broner. My ancestors landed in Mobile, Alabama in the year 1850 from Basel, Switzerland, the third largest city in the country. As a child I was nicknamed as Brone, shorten version of Broner. I am Bill Broner,” chuckles with the others.
Fern laughs. “Now that’s a great name for a wanna-be-terrorist Bill Broner. I vote we go and take care of ours and ours. We carry and shoot guns. No one can harm ever me and my child especially someone named Bill Broner. Let’s go, honey.”
Woot hugs Ana and frowns with annoyance. “I vote we go too.”
Cody extends his arms blocking them then drops his mouth. “Ya’ll are all in danger. Ana is a child of Jesus along with the baby. King Jack, Queen Jill and Prince Jon will find out about ya’ll on the outside away from the colony like they always do for some reason. Then they’ll send in the golden helmets and hunt your asses down here in Bama…”
Hucks frowns with annoyance. “Cody, we live in a safe country, America. We work for the US military, Army. We carry guns, legally. Yee-haw!”
Cody frowns with more annoyance. “Yahoo! So did you battle and kill the bad guys or the greedy guys? King Jack is not going to stop his hunt for the Jesus Strand folks ever.”
Brone smiles. “We all carry the Jesus Strand. We are all descended biologically from our one earth-father Noah wearing his DNA genes with many unnatural mutations creating our individual physical appearance and sometimes unique attributes. Since the birth of Brother Jesus we all carry the Jesus Strand gene also,” when the mouths drop open.
Hucks shakes his skull and hands. “Naw, I don’t believe ya. If that is really true and known then why have all them children and adults with the Jesus Strand been murdered in cold blood for their body parts or something? For some shitty fun and nasty giggles?”
Brone smiles. “All children of both sexes who grow into adults possess the Jesus Strand gene in their youth through their adolescence and until their adulthood. However the secret of the Jesus Strand, the gene is only activated by a female virgin who marries her beau in the eyeballs of the Almighty God. When the virgin bride conceives her first born child then the Jesus Strand is activated within the babe, not transferred like an allele gene for blue irises to the babe from the mother’s pupils. When the Virgin Mary received the Jesus Strand from God then it was activated when she conceived her human first-born child named James, because precious Mary was a virgin during her faithful marriage to Joseph.”
“Golly, I believe!” Hucks drops his mouth.
Brone says. “Therefore a second born or third born child could never activate the Jesus Strand within their individual DNA strand. I am not implying that the second born or third born child or later babe is not either a righteous or spiritual being. The child has to work and search harder for their inner peace and joy with Brother Jesus.”
Cody nods and says. “His brother Prince Jon is a second born son within the royal biological family not possessing the Jesus Strand. His wife Queen Jill wasn’t a virgin but a cunt whore at their royal marriage ceremony. Therefore their royal baby prince is not a child of Jesus. King Jack will never stop hunting for me, my daddy, your baby, Ana or you. The end!”
“Golly, I believe!” Hucks nods and hugs Fern.
Woot hugs and twirls Ana, smiling. “Yee-haw! We got us a child of Jesus too. We stay and help build the colony to protect our kid, girl or boy. I hope we got a boy.”
Brone smiles. “You have a healthy baby, Woot. Welcome to the colony,” swings to the gatekeeper then raises his arm. The iron gates close being pulled by the massive wheels.
Woot looks at the last sight of civilization, exhaling. “Ya closing the fucking doors of paradise locking out the entire world of evil. Let me be the first to enlighten your neurons, buddy. It ain’t going to work.”
Brone slaps Woot on the collar bone, smiling. “This is the community of humblebees. A colony of bumblebees sting; a colony of humblebees pray.”
Hucks laughs then whispers to Fern. “I don’t know about this, Fern honey. We’re giving up everything.”
Fern smiles and nods hugging the baby. “I do. We’re giving everything to our child of Jesus. I want my baby safe from King Jack, Queen Jill and Prince Jon and the others whom we haven’t identified. Our US Federal government doesn’t have a clue or a care for our personal safety, Hucks. Brone is short and honest and correct.”
Woot frowns and shakes his skull. “Ana, I really don’t wanna be a humble-bee.”
Ana hugs him. “I’m a humble-babe. I’m going to have a humble-baby so you can be our humble-beau.”
Woot studies the landscape of cabins and then forest. “Ana, no man-cave. No train. No house boat. No plasma television. No remote control for the missing plasma television. I mean. If we have to wait and watch the self-destruction of the world can’t we see it on cable too, sweetheart?”
Ana smiles and pats his arm then moves to hug Fern. “No, Woot.”
Woot exhales scanning the landscape and the cabins again. “What the fuck do ya want to be, Hucks?”
“A daddy to my son and a husband to my wife,” Hucks tickles his son naked toes then kisses his wife.
Cody chuckles nodding. “Suffer it to be now to get into heaven later, Woot,” when the cow moos inside the grass pasture too. Cody laughs and walks to the cow pasture and the adjacent horse barn scouting the colony grounds.
Woot exhales and views the clouds. “Jesus help me.”
Ana giggles at Woot. “He just did.”
Woot frowns at Ana then parks both hands on his hip. He ticks his tongue to Brone. “So where’s Saint Michael and Saint Gabriel inside one of the rustic pioneer log cabins made of real tree bark and leaking sticky sap?” he laughs. “So the hot sizzling rumors of extraterrestrial humanoids who plan to terra form our planet into their way is living right here. Who the fuck would’ve guessed in central Alabama not I, not me, or my brain cells? So I guess ya’ll are the earth angels without wings sailing around the rooftops like Santa Claus too,” laughs.
Brone smiles. “His children continue to blow off their heavenly souls with drugs, alcohol and disease. No matter, the end awaits for all. Peace on Earth to your brothers and sisters. God’s will to mankind be done.”
Woot back steps then frowns and fingers Brone. “This dude is scary, worse than my preacher-man at church service during Easter and Christmas.”
Hucks nods scanning the landscape. “Brone, I agree that the outside world is evil and wicked but that there gate is only concrete into the humblebee compound. Wonder if, we’re hit with ya know some evil folks and their evil metal things called guns. Guns shoot bullets. Bullets kill the children of Jesus.”
Brone smiles then fingers at Cody. Cody gallops raising semi-automatic rifles in both hands grinning and saying. “Lookie, what I found. There’s a shit load of guns and ammo inside one of the longest cabins,” smiles and nods.
Brone fingers the weapon, not touching it then winks at Hucks. “The good Lord always preached an eye for an eye, son. One of my favorite quotes in the Holy Bible,” nods and smiles.
Hucks laughs with Woot, saying. “Amen!”
Cody laughs handing the gun to Woot. “Daddy means that you can’t shoot the cows until you milk them first, Woot.”
Woot smiles at the gun then views the locked gates. He sours. “What do we do here all day and night beside shit and piss inside the wilderness?”
Brone smiles then leans into Woot. “We fulfill and follow God’s command: mercy, peace and love be multiplied. Why do ya think King Solomon had one thousands wives and slave girls?”
Cody smiles, studying the pretty landscape of woodlands. He sniffs smelling the fresh pine trees, the blue berry juice bursting from the bush limbs, and the cut grass from the horse pasture. He views the quaint log cabins, the running horses, and then his father. He smiles. “Daddy, I’m glad to find my biological family. But what in tarnation is a seventeen year old coming to do for the next seventy years here in the humblebee camp?”
Brone says. “Cody, you’re a child of Jesus. Jesus wants His paradise filled with like beings of good, not nasty so for the next seventy years we do his bidding. You get married and have children.”
Cody hoots then claps swinging to the group of pretty maidens walking in his direction. “Which one would you suggest Daddy?”
Brone is too short to drape an arm around his son’s collar bone. He smiles and hugs the bicep. “Son, you’ve studied the Holy Bible. In the Old Testament kings and royal males took many virgin wives not just one, because they were the children of Jesus. They were spreading the Jesus Strand to as many virgins as possible, since the virgin bride activates the genetic gene. So you’re going to do the same thing here at humblebee camp. You marry as many virgins as you want and then make as many babies as you can…”
Woot drops his mouth, scanning the young beautiful girls. “Cody…Cody’s going to be a teen-man whore to hundreds of virgins like King Solomon. Damn, can I be a…,” when he feels the sharp fingernails bite into his naked forearm then grins silly at his wife. “Damn, can I be alone with my girl? She needs me for some…something special…”
Ana exhales then frowns with fury. “I will be inside our cabin writing down all the list of manual husband-chores required to finish before midnight, darling.”
Woot frowns with annoyance. “Geez, thanks for being my charming se…sweet spouse, Ana darling.” Hucks laughs with Cody and Brone.
Brone slaps the collar bone of Cody. “Go and introduce yourself, son. Your cabin’s the biggest one near the barn with the pregnant mares.”
“Yee-haw,” Cody smiles and gallops to the girls.
Hucks slaps his hand on Woot. “Woot, this place is great. We built us a man-cabin. There’re over 400 miles of woods, trees, and vines and growing larger every hour. We work up a set of rough draft plans to built a tiny shack then steal some electronic equipment and then get brilliant Cody to built us a satellite TV remote box...”
“Will that work out here in the boondocks?”
“Shore thing, man! We capture some of them communication beams coming directly from those hundreds of outer space satellite orbiting around Earth then zap the sports channel on television monitor right into our man-cabin...,” nods and chuckles Hucks.
“Stealing is a sin.”
“Them beams are free from heaven, sweetheart,” winks Hucks.
“A man-cabin!? Will it be far away from our wives and babies too?”
“Yeah, and near an open plain gun range too for target practice from the humblebees. I envision a tiny shack for two humble-buddies, me and you. We construct a tall lead pole on top of our man-cabin then extend it over the top of the pine trees then tap into the outer space television satellite for the football game next week for fucking free, humble-buddy,” chuckles Hucks.
Woot grins and tosses his arms. “Yee-haw, I love the primitive life.”

August 29th. Wednesday.
London. England. morning. 9:03 am. (London time)
The Ward. royal palace. fourth floor.
Inside one of the numerous private rooms the sleeping baby lies on top of the raised crib with a headboard showing a panel of blinking lights. The parents stand on the right side of the crib looking down at their child. Prince Jon and the royal physician stand across from the parents staring at the child. King Jack and Queen Jill stand at the foot board viewing the child.
Jack nods to Jon. “The Shroud of Turin has been dated and tested to possess AB type blood. We are all the children of God regardless of blood types. The blood of Jesus is the pure blood that matters meaning he did and will and can save your soul for entrance into heaven. The blood reference is visual depicted as death but the translation is simple Jesus saves you.”
The mother of the child views the row of tiny pink babies inside the large enclosed incubators. The incubator looks like a stove oven with blinking red and blue lights which whistles for a death and singing music for a life. She hears lots of soft baby music throughout the room. The nursery located within the royal castle displays walls of cute colorful baby animals from the landscape regions of the forest woodlands, the farm fields, and the ocean waters without their biological animal parents. The tiny babies aren’t allowed out off the incubator sometimes for months. The incubator is the heated unit warming their tiny bodies continuing their life force, so they can grow big enough to live outside the colored walls of the Ward inside the royal castle. The mother of child does not know that information. She frowns with confusion at the walls without windows or rays of sunshine. “Why are we located inside an intensive care unit like a hospital? I thought we were meeting the royal physician and then signing the official paperwork for the operation to save our child…”
The father of the child pats the hand of his wife, smiling and viewing his child. “Thank you both Your Highnesses. We are so lucky that your physician found his disease so swiftly. We didn’t know our tiny baby was in need of a bone marrow transplant. We would like the operation done very quickly if possible to receive our donated bone marrow samples and our blood transfusion also. When will this occur? Where do we go? What happens next?”
The royal physician studies the papers then views the parents. “The blood type stays with the human throughout life. The genes do not change resulting in the production of new copies of blood proteins. Unless a mutational event occurs or the patient receives several transplantations then new genes are re-introduced. The baby’s blood type is AB with an Rh negative factor. The Rh negative factor really is not significance for the operation. The Rh factor is inherited from by the parents who possess AB negative blood type too. Every baby gets two alleles from the Rh gene by inheriting one allele from each parent. In the case of Rh, there is a positive or negative allele. The Rh positive allele is dominant. To be an Rh negative, you receive two negative recession allele genes from each parent. If the parents are both Rh positive and the baby is Rh negative, then each parent carried the negative allele, but are themselves positive, because Rh positive is dominant gene in the chromosomes. During the creation of the fetus, the Rh factor has an equal chance of passing a positive or negative Rh gene from the parent to the child. However, the odds are still fifty-fifty for an Rh negative fetus. When an Rh negative mum conceives an Rh positive fetus, her immune system will create Rh protein antibodies to fight off the foreign fetus invading and growing inside her belly. This natural chemical response creates an issue during her pregnancy, because her immune system is reacting to the Rh negative proteins inside the fetus. Rhogam is prescribed, clearing and cleaning the Rh proteins from the mum’s body, therefore the baby is birthed healthy and alive. I read of another medical case where a mum delivered a baby with AB positive blood then after puberty the child’s blood type morphed into AB negative. The AB negative blood has been associated with psychic abilities, unnatural immunity to viruses, six fingers…”
“…and seven toes all pink during the blue moonlight,” Jack chuckles and views the parents. “All that information is myth, fake and false, of course. Your tiny son is very healthy. The royal physician enjoys revealing too much of his medical work when helping a tiny babe. What is the status of the child? The parents are very anxious with worry.”
The mother of the child frowns with worry. “I am a leveled head person who is also extremely enlightened and jolly on occasion, but I am very worried about this unexplained medical operation. I would like to review the paperwork along with a written explanation of the medical procedure before she is taken into the operation room or operating space. My son always displays a set of rosy cheeks and a bright smile but he appears so pale and weak at the moment lying inside his crib. Is this a nursery or hospital?”
The royal physician nods to Jack. “The blood type only will not confirm a genetic link to Jesus. You would need a mitochondrial DNA test for that. The blood has been genetically tested revealing an AB negative blood. The alleles showed a genetic trait common in both the European and Spain royal lineage which is geographically impossible. The parents are from the country of India living here in London since infants.”
Jon smiles and fingers the child. “He is asleep. He also has a birthmark on her arm, a phoenix bird. The phoenix bird represents a special significance of death and then rebirth with the ability to transform and then to regenerate.
Jack nods and smiles. “You could be correct with the symbol of the phoenix bird.”
The mother gasps then says. “I beg your pardon but you sound almost anti-Christian as well as being antagonistic towards me and my sick daughter. What is happening here? I would like…”
The father of the child frowns then touches his wife. “Dear, the royals are helping our sick daughter get better with all the free medical care here inside the castle. You can see that he is resting comfortably.”
Jon smiles. “What does a theologist do? They make people smile or laugh or ponder about things. I like that explanation. Some people can transform on a deeper level than others and can regenerate themselves with good health inwardly too. But some people live the loss of dead ones through sudden tragic ways as a learning experience of life too. That makes no sense but it does to a theologist. Chinese theology says that blood is equal to the physical manifestation of the life-force. I do believe that all things in life are connected and everything has a purpose.”
The royal physician views Jon. “As a medical scientist I strongly disagree, Prince Jon.”
Jill nods to Jack. “I do believe the royal blood lines, the Shroud of Turin, and the genetic chromosomes should be preserved at all costs. I utilized my common sense, my logic, my scientific knowledge, and all the current information coming to a proper conclusion.”
The mother frowns with confusion. “Royal blood lines!? The Shroud of Turin? What are you referencing regarding my child’s health? There is no duel of good and evil between people like in the USA Hollywood movies films. There is only Free Will from God within our souls. Brother Jesus died for our sins. He is a role model on how our soul should live and carry on into heaven. Our spiritual journey on life must be like Him striving for spiritual ascension and oneness with our Father, the Creator. When a man or a woman finds true love and embraces their spirit in their flesh will one live in harmony and peace with each other flesh along with Brother Jesus and Almighty God…”
The royal physician nods to Jack. “There are diseases and aliments with almost every single person on the planet. However I have a patient. She is AB negative, smokes a pack of cigarettes everyday living in her 80s. She comes regularly for her annual checkup. A recent chest scan revealed her twin lungs to be in perfect health without a single sign of black lung disease. How do you explain that one?”
Jack nods to the physician. “I am enthralled and thrilled at the same time with the mystery. Being an evolutionist mind-set I would say that her body somehow preps, primes and prepares her body for an environment change. Is this genetic? Is this magical? Is this Jesus’ blood? Yes, it is the latter.”
Jon nods to the Jack. “To save the boy we will need the AB blood type of Jesus’ blood.”
The mother gasps then views her son and looks at Jack. “What does Brother Jesus have to do with my son’s operation? Brother Jesus was born in the Middle East. I admit my husband has the dark brown hair, the facial beard, the dark skin from his biological parents. He is not Brother Jesus. I am describing his biological family members though his DNA. You’re a physician I don’t need to lecture you about genetics, sir.”
Jill says. “None of this matters if you want to live for a divine purpose then live it here and now.”
Jon nods to Jack. “All the blood proteins come from your genetic predisposition. There is something pretty special about being AB negative like Brother Jesus. From my personal experience I live with a certain intensity of life and I suffer with the same amount of disappointment as a human. I can survive through just about anything and yet I worry about the small stuff, the tiny insignificant things. I feel the world exists on the level of inner turmoil.”
The royal physician nods to Jack. “There exists among the seven billion peoples only zero point six percent AB negative blood. Allow me assimilate this information correctly for you. All the people possessing AB negative blood is only zero point six percent of the entire population on Earth. The Shroud of Turin comes from the lineage of King David of the Holy Bible…”
The mother frowns then touches her son’s hand. “All of you royals act really strange in the eyes of God and with me...”
Jack smiles at the parents. “AB blood type is not rare. It is uncommon not rare. People who are AB negative live a life of full confusion and forgetfulness. The mum’s blood type is A-negative. The father’s blood type is B-positive. Therefore the child will be AB negative. This is how you conceive a child with AB negative blood protein. You receive an allele from each parent. AB negative is not passed down from one parent. The Rhogam didn’t change the mum’s blood type or chromosomes or genetic makeup. It simply protects the baby with an Rh type that is incompatible with the mum’s Rh factor. The Shroud of Turin possesses only AB negative blood. What is your conclusion, Doctor?”
Jill nods to Jack. “There is no proof that the Shroud of Turin is old enough to have covered Brother Jesus when he died on the cross for our earthly sins in existence currently. However if you believe in such nonsense then AB blood was passed from Mary to Jesus as an infant assuming God don’t bother to contribute his heavenly blood type. Any human child of Jesus would carry either A or B which would have been passed down from their father.”
The mother gasps then releases her child’s hand. She back steps from the crib. “I have never heard of so many ridiculous statements in my life,” fingers her son. “You are both ignorant bordering on madness. A birthmark is a birthmark. A blood type is a blood type. A house is a house. A car is a car. Jesus had no offspring, no children. His blood type was Divine DNA given to Him by his heavenly Father God inside Mary’s womb by the Holy Spirit. The holy concept is something that we accept in faith as Christians. The death and then resurrection is the glory of the Son of God shedding His blood. His blood being of God was for the wiping out sins for everyone since Adam allowed the Satan to enter and then destroy the Garden of Eden then both sin and death invaded Earth. So God saved me, you, him and her by taking the molding flesh his son Jesus as a man. Then Jesus took on our flesh and shed his blood be it AB negative, O, A, B. Jesus shed his perfect blood for us mankind. Jesus was the Holy One, the Son of God. Therefore we make Jesus our Savior of the flesh recognizing the act of God’s love of saving us then we become righteous to God through his Son Jesus Christ. You never need to worry about being good enough to enter heaven as an angel because you cannot. Only Jesus is able to live a perfect sinless life on Earth and then became our Lamb of God by dying on the cross,” fingers the physician. “You seriously need some professional help today…”
The father wipes his brow of sweat, shaking his skull. He views his little son. “Please proceed with the bone marrow transplant today. I would like to save my son’s life. My son looks so different. Jesus is Jesus. Man is man. I believe in a heavenly miracle or two…”
Jon nods to Jack. “I do too.”
The father whispers a prayer then kisses the forehead of his son. He up rights then frowns with confusion. The child is covered in hairy spiky short black hair from his nakedness replacing the glowing pink skin. Tears roll down his face. His son doesn’t move or awaken from the father’s light kiss or gently warm hand touch. His son peacefully snorts like a beast displaying two rows of sharp fanged teeth from his blood transfusion and organ implantation without permission. “I can’t help him as a physician. I can’t save him as a preacher either. Please help my son,” views the royals.
Jack, Jill and Jon study at the sleeping child.
The father touches the hairy chest with one hand then probes with both hands. He leans into the hairy chest tickling his nose. No sound. He touches the throat. No pulse. He touches the wrist. No pulse. He touches the forehead. No warmth. Then he views Jack with angry “You took my son from me.”
Jack nods with an icy stare at the father. “God took your son with Him into heaven.”
The father fingers his son then jack. “You tricked me. He’s only a year old. He deserved a life of happiness with his parents.”
Jack says. “You tricked yourself. Your son is dying. It is his time to leave here.”
“No, you’re lying. You wanted to confuse me make me crazy, make me forget...,” the father holds his head, sobbing over his son. “I’m crazy in believing that you could have cured my son’s aliment. I’m taking my child and going to the hospital, before he dies.”
The machine beeps.
“I am so sorry your baby son is dead. We tried everything to save her,” when Jack hugs the father then breaks the neck with a slick twist of the wrist as the bones crack. He swings and smiles to Jon. “I broke the neck spine saving the heart organ this time.”
Jill smiles lowering the dead mother from the neck break too. “Our new killing technique is much more effective for the host too. We don’t damage the organs or taint the blood. I believe we will finally succeed this time.”
Jon hovers over the crib. “He died. The baby died. I’m never going to be a child of Jesus.”
The physician reads the papers then studies the dead child. “This is intriguing. I am seeing some new datum on the dead child from both visual presentation and internal laboratory results. Let us examine the physical dead body first. The pupils have not changed from the natural tone of dark brown into a set of varied different pastel or rainbow colored eyeballs like before. Therefore the heterochromia condition did not occur during the infusion of the new eye organs into the tiny host. This is very good. The pigment of both irises remains stable. Heterochromia is a rare condition within humans not animals which happens due to a gene mutation or an injury to the eye. The mucus shield on the nose looks very good also. There is a tiny bit of clear snot forming along the outer ridges of his nose holes. Mucus is swallowed daily when it mixes with spit and then is passed down your throat without incident. A tiny bit of mucus keeps dirt, dust and other harmful objects out of your lungs when you breathe foreign elements from the dirty atmosphere. If your healthy lungs become contaminated then you get an infection and have trouble breathing. If you find the tiny amount of daily nose mucus annoying you can regulate the nose mucus by sucking on the peppermint candy. The main ingredient in peppermint is menthol which helps thin mucus. However a child of Jesus never catches the common cold or any other type of aliment. You shall never worry about post nasal drip from a sore throat or a runny nose,” he places an instrument into the dead child’s ear. “Hmm! I am puncturing the eardrum and damaging the small bones inside the ear to see the results. Ugh! The inner canal of the ear is covered in white harden ear wax which will cause some pain and maybe hearing problems or permanent earring loss. You can use hydrogen peroxide, ear drops, mineral oil, or saline solution inside the ear. One of the products will dissolve the wax or soften it. Mix hydrogen peroxide and water equally placing five drops inside your ear at night. Lie on your side and let the solution soak in. If this doesn’t work you can wear a hearing aid for receiving vocal information. This is very good too. The mouth contains a double row of teeth. You can see the royal dentist for the removal of one set of fangs then you will be eating fish and chips like a normal human. The external chest and facial hair is grossly unsightly but simply removable. I recommend a laser touch to the outer skin killing each single hair follicle. I guarantee within three years you will look shiny and divine like a Greek god. The dead child stills displays the webbed toes and fingers on all appendages. I can do some minor plastic surgery removing the extra skin looking normal once again. The outer appearance of the body is truly cosmetic which can be repaired with the wonders of science and expensive medical scientists like me. I am more concerned about the invisible appearance of the organs and blood,” slices the stomach with the scalpel on the dead child. “I am looking at the new sets of replaced organs,” he touches and smells the blood leaking from the open wound. “Hmm! Blood is a special body fluid of plasma, red and white blood cells and 92 percent of water. The texture of the blood seems very thick like a consistence of bee honey. We will add more water using an IV apparatus to dilute the plasma, red and white blood cells with the high concentration of AB platelets thinning the blood liquid inside the new host. If the blood tests indicate too few red blood cells then you become anemic. The child is not anemic. If there are too many white blood cells then it is a sign of infection. There is not an infection within the dead child’s body. This is very, very good. The liver organ is burnt blackish colored like it caught on fire inside the body. The liver is three pounds. For the new round, we place inside the new host body two livers, not one. The liver organ can fuse and re-grow if not damaged. The extra two livers can levitate the toxins from your blood through two livers. The dead child’s liver profile laboratory test indicates a high level of bilirubin in the blood. Bilirubin is a yellow pigment when the red blood cells break within the body. A healthy liver filters out all bilirubin but too much of the pigment give the patient jaundice or the yellowing of the eyes. This is can be taken care of with a series of vaccinations against hepatitis A and B in the new host. The pancreas is duplicated with a burnt blackish color also. We leave out the pancreas altogether. It is really not needed for survival. Anyways, we can feed you extra enzymes to detect fructose, a type of sugar found naturally in fruits and honey plus processed foods like cereals and soda so you don’t receive type 2 diabetes. This is a good solution. The kidneys are colored in dark brown instead of pink. This is a sign of type 1 diabetes. The kidneys will need to be flushed once per week since you will contract hepatitis A.” He exhales, touching the arm. “Help me turn the child over on his stomach. I must examine the anal. When a person dies the body fluids will push out any lingering feces from the butthole. It is unsightly and gross, my favored words for the morning. A healthy stool comes in a variety of colors of yellow, tan, brown, red and green. Tomatoes turn the stool into red colors. Spinach and leafy vegetables make them green shit turds. Grape juice darkens the stool into black. I do not see a bloody red or a runny green or a solid gray stool pushing out the child’s butthole. This is very good. A bloody red stool indicates internal bleeding within the organs. A runny green is diarrhea of infection within the body. A gray stool is the sign of liver problems. We saw the liver was blackened not dead. Urine is germ-free inside the bladder but on its way out it is exposed to bacteria. I see something good. The urine is not blazing in neon colors like red or pink or dark gold which is a sign of bleeding from an infection or kidney stones. It is clearly light yellow almost clear. This is very good. I smell something good. I am not sniffing an odor of musty or sweet or funky sulfur rotten eggs fragrance of urine leaking from the dead child’s penis. Any type of strange smelling pee is not good. However we are good here. Passing a stool will stimulate the vagus nerve in the brain triggering a drop in your heart rate and blood pressure causing you to feel both lightheaded and giddy,” smiles. “We have learned after inserting the all the different healthy organs from the Jesus Strand person into an adult host, the person guzzles bottles of water from thirst and urines frequently. We have diagnosed the host presents with diabetes with slow healing cuts and bruises and numbness in your hands and feet which has been medical documented and clinical treated. The adult host will never worry about a bladder infection or urinary tract infections from consuming gallons of water. We have learned to consume eight glasses of water which will keep you well-hydrated and flush out toxins from your body. We have a conclusion from the visual presentation and the laboratory tests. The child died from a stroke not infection. A stroke happens when a blood vessel inside your brain breaks from high blood pressure, diabetes, and smoking damaging the blood vessels. This is very good. We have documented that the baby urinated over ten times per day instead of the regular six times a day due to the symptoms of diabetes. We can control the diabetes and maintain this life force condition forever. We are making excellent process, your Highnesses,” nods and smiles.
Jack pats Jon on the shoulder. “Don’t give up, Jon! We have two new specimens. The father and mother of the dead child both carry the Jesus Strand…”
Jill kicks the dead mother, snarling. “Yes, she was a whore cunt like me before she married her husband de-activating the Jesus Strand gene. We will cut out her organs and then replace into the new host. I suggest we use one of the babies from the incubators and an adult with our physician’s advice and then monitor the results.”
Jon asks. “What about pursing the Americans again?”
Jack says. “I am very intrigued that the Americans thought we were searching for the teen named Cody Mack. The German barons named Broner were killing the teenagers who possessed the Jesus Strand in the American States and throughout Europe. An unwise decision, I believe. But we can’t stop them unless we pull out our guns and start shooting like the wild-ass Americans. I was only interested in the beauty queen winner named Ana. She possessed the Jesus Strand when she was required to present a blood smear for the Miss Lily contestant. If only she didn’t marry that asshole named Woot inside the royal castle we could have obtained her specimens easily. I am impressed the US soldiers are not fools or dummies. They figured out our secret plot quickly. I would suspect that they are in hiding and protecting their kin like foolish Americans do. Anyways, we have learned to closely monitor the markers of the blood chemistry. We need to locate the right marker that activates the Jesus Strand then you will be like me, Jon. Ring up the new chamber maid to come inside the Ward. She’s the newest orphan from the country of Austria for our experimental operation.”
Jon pulls his mobile telephone.


The ending never ends…
