Dragon Dodgers
By
V. R. Cardoso






To my beautiful Sílvia, with love.









You can find a map of Arkhemia here. Just click the image to enlarge.


Contents


Chapter 1: The Watcher And The Runner
Chapter 2: The Contract
Chapter 3: The Disagreement
Chapter 4: The Agreement
Chapter 5: The Departure
Chapter 6: The Secret Weapon
Chapter 7: The Shamissai Mountains
Chapter 8: The Hunt
Chapter 9: The Hero

Chapter 1: The Watcher And The Runner


Enrig chased Merriqh up the corridor, dodging weave baskets, pitchers, and even passing workers. His arms rasped against the naked rock walls and he felt the smell of wet stone with every gasp. 
“Merriqh!” he called. “Merriqh, wait.”
He was forced to slow down when he reached the exit chamber. Luckily for him, so was Merriqh. The room was packed full of workers. A mob of half-fed beggars, desperate enough to risk their lives on the surface for a dozen gold Spades. 
“You have to take me,” Enrig said.
“No, I don’t,” Merriqh replied. 
The king’s overseer was a balding man with three scars and a limp that he had earned in the days when he himself had been a Watcher. Enrig swallowed a curse. He was trying his best not to be annoying, but even he could tell it wasn’t working.
“Yes, you do. You need me.”
“Why?” Merriqh inspected a pile of empty containers, then gave a group of workers permission to carry them. “You’re still a kid, you’re too slow to be a Watcher.”
“No, I’m not!” Enrig said. “Ugas is larger than a bull, are you saying he’s faster than me?”
“Hey!” Ugas cried from across the room. “I can hear you, you piece of snot.”
Enrig ignored him.
“And I have better sight than most of them, too.”
“Bullshit!” yelled someone behind Ugas.
With few exceptions, the group of Watchers Merriqh employed was a bunch of overpaid slackers. Even the overseer could see that. They were gathered at the corner closest to the exit, as they would be the first to leave the safety of the underground.
“Oh yeah?” Enrig asked. “Last Fall, who spotted that Dragon on the third day of the harvest?”
For a moment, no one answered him.
“You did,” Merriqh conceded.
“Exactly. And almost too late, because it was his quadrant,” said Enrig pointing at a Watcher called Teric. 
“Fuck you, kid!” Teric growled. “The sky was darker than my asshole.”
Enrig dismissed him with a hand wave.
“You want excuses,” he told Merriqh, “fine. Stick with them. But if you want Watchers that can actually spot Dragons, give me a job.”
Merriqh scanned his grumbling team of Watchers and then looked up a ventilation shaft. They were so close to the surface, he could see the sun, shining from it, like a bratty child sneaking a peek.
“I promised your mom I wouldn’t,” he said with a low voice.
Enrig’s eyes went wide.
“Are you serious?!” he said.
“She’s your mother!” Merriqh replied. “She worries about you.”
“She didn’t even recognize me this morning.”
Merriqh was taken aback.
“Breath of Fyr… That bad, huh?”
Enrig was barely fourteen, but he looked older, drier, as if childhood had been sucked out of him.
“It gets better when she’s passed out,” he replied. “Are you gonna give me that job or not?”
“Alright,” Merriqh said. “I guess I can use a second pair of eyes in the Northwest Watch.” 
There was a collective groan among the Watchers, but one of them stepped forward and took Enrig by the shoulders in a friendly embrace.
“Come on little cousin, you can watch my sky while I nap.” 
His name was Cavill and he was as tall and blonde as Enrig wasn’t. He ruffled Enrig’s hair, making him pull away while pushing back a smile. 
“Alright, you lazy bums,” Merriqh yelled, “this crop won’t harvest itself. Let’s go!”

*  *  *

Targon’s gray cloak flowed like a cape around him. Thick mud covered his boots as they splashed across the forest floor. The sun was already above the tree tops, and he could feel the temperature rising as sweat began to drip from his forehead. He lowered the scarf covering his mouth and pulled his hood back. He stopped, then whistled and raised a closed fist.
“Everybody change,” he ordered.
Around him, twenty shrouded figures undressed their cloaks. The darkness of the group was replaced with a colorful mix of leather clothes, scantily covering their brown, tattoo covered skins.
One of the men stepped up to Targon.
“Captain,” he called. His name was Nasur, a towering man with shoulders wider than most doors. His red plaited beard reached down to his massive chest. “The men are exhausted, we should rest.” 
“Nonsense,” Targon replied as he took off his own cloak. “We should be on top of the city within the hour. The men can run for a little longer.”
“We’ve never been here, how can you be so sure?”
Targon pulled out a piece of painted parchment.
“The map is accurate. It brought us this far without mistake, why would it fail on the last couple of miles? Besides, what idiot could misplace the largest city in the East?”
“If the city is that big, it certainly won’t go anywhere. Let’s rest for a bit.”
“No way.” Targon put the map safely back in his pocket. “We’re almost there, Nasur. We’re so close I can already see that gold.”
“I’m glad you can, because no one else in the company has seen a single coin in weeks.”
Targon knelt down and secured his neatly folded cloak on his backpack.
“Right!” he yelled, standing back up. “Enough slacking around. We’re almost there so let’s double time it.”

*  *  *

The Northwest Watch was nothing more than a brown hill overlooking dark green rice fields. Enrig was sitting on a large crevice where the edges of rock carved into his skin, but it provided decent cover. Below, dozens of workers hunched down, collecting rice in a frenzy. Even from that distance, Enrig could see them constantly looking over their shoulders.
So much sky makes them nervous. Enrig thought. He loved the outdoors, the surface. It seemed so… infinite. Still, even Enrig had to admit it was unsettling not to have a roof over his head. The way the landscape just kept going on forever into nothingness seemed unnatural. As if the goddess Fyr had made it on purpose, as a warning for humans - you don’t belong here! 
“You should be more careful, you know?” Cavill said.
“About what?”
“The way you talk. Some of the things you said back there… You’re not gonna make any friends that way, that’s for sure.”
Enrig shrugged.
“I don’t plan on being a Watcher forever.”
“You don’t?!” Cavill asked. “Why are you always begging for a spot, then?”
“Because it’s good practice for Surface Running.”
“What?!” Cavill was amused. “You wanna be a Runner?”
“Why? You don’t think I can?”
Cavill shrugged.
“It’s not as easy as sitting on your ass looking up, you know?”
Enrig looked into the distance. It was a sunny day, but clouds blotched the sky like smudges of sauce on an empty plate.
“See that dark mountain on the horizon?” Enrig said. 
“Prophet's Peak. What about it?”
“I’ve been there. I mean, I didn’t climb it… I’ve been at the base.”
“No way…” Cavill got up and studied the distance. “You would never get there and back in a day.”
“That’s why I slept there. Found a nice little cave.”
“You’re so full of it.” Cavill shook his head. “You’re telling me you spent a night on the surface?”
“And made a two day Surface Run.”
“Well, if you’re not lying, then you’re just plain crazy. I mean, why the surface would you do that? Why would you even want to be a Runner?” Cavill looked puzzled. “Why would you want a life like that? No home, no family, having to sleep in the woods, eat shitty food, and being chased by Dragons all the time…” He exhaled as if he was exhausted. “Who in their right mind chooses that?” He paused suddenly, looking really uncomfortable. “Huh, I’m sorry… I mean… Does it have to do with your dad?”
“No!” Enrig spun to face Cavill. “It doesn’t have to do with him! Or my mother. It has to do with me. I’m tired of living underground in some smelly, wet hole. There is a huge world out there. I wanna…” He stopped talking and Cavill saw him frown. 
“You want to what?” 
“Birds. Taking off,” Enrig said absently.
“Birds? What? What are you talking about?” Cavill looked around, half confused, half trying to find the birds Enrig was talking about. “I think you should turn around and watch your quadrant.” 
“I saw something.”
“What?”
Enrig didn’t answer him. Instead, he scanned the distance with an obsessive look.
“That’s not your quadrant,” Cavill told him again. “There are Watchers on those hills, now turn around.”
“There! In Southwest Watch, a shadow.”
Cavill jumped up and combed the patch of sky above him.
“Are you sure?” Cavill asked. “The clouds are moving pretty fast today, it could be…”
“It wasn’t a cloud!” Enrig said. “And stop looking above you.” He pointed southwest “I saw it over there, so...” 
Enrig’s finger arched towards the sun.
“South by southeast,” Cavill concluded. “It had to be a cloud, I don’t hear any horn.”
“Of course you don’t. Those idiots couldn’t spot a Dragon if it was blowing fire up their asses!”
Cavill sighed.
“Don’t say that. Those guys have spotted more Dragons than… Hey!” Enrig had tried to run past him, but Cavill grabbed his arm. “Where the surface are you going?!” 
“It was a Dragon, I’m sure of it.” Enrig replied, trying to release himself. “If we sound the alarm here, people will run in the wrong direction.”
“We need to worry about our quadrant, not…”
“We need to worry about a Dragon diving from the sky and killing everyone!”
That managed to silence Cavill. Enrig could see his cousin’s eyes darting left and right, unable to make a decision.
“You have to believe me,” Enrig begged. “I saw it.”
Maybe it was a moment of hesitation, or maybe Cavill just got distracted, but suddenly, Enrig felt his cousin’s grip become looser and slipped away. He dashed downhill with his heart pounding, and felt some reassurance when he saw Cavill following him.
They entered a field of barley and as they crossed it, Enrig yelled at the workers like a mad man. 
“Run away! Dragon! You have to run away!”
The harvesters simply stared at him with a puzzled look.
They reached the foothill of South by Southeast Watch, panting heavily. Enrig paused to catch his breath and looked back. Dozens of workers were still going about their business. 
“Idiots, run!” Enrig said.
“They didn’t hear a horn,” Cavill told him. “They think you’re just crazy.” 
Enrig cursed again, but decided it didn’t matter. He was sure that too much time had passed, so either he was wrong or it was already too late. He reached for his horn and as he pressed it against his lips, a long, hurtful wail echoed through the whole plain. Someone else’s horn. It sent shivers down his back.
It was too late.
Enrig looked up, at the top of South by Southeast Watch, and saw flames bursting out from it. He instinctively stepped back and heard Cavill mumbling something. Then, the shape of a colossal black Dragon covered the sky. 
“Mighty Fyr!” Cavill said. “Run!”
Screams erupted everywhere. The mob of workers started running in a panic, fleeing in every direction. Enrig and his cousin turned around, hurrying back through the field.
With barley stalks whipping his arms and legs, Enrig looked over his shoulder and saw the Dragon dive while spitting jets of red fire. It glided a mere few feet from the ground, interrupting its fiery breath to bite down on escaping farmers, and then tossing them aside like useless weeds. 
The beast’s head turned upward and the rest of his body followed as it regained altitude. 
Enrig stopped, admiring the impossibly large creature rising back to the sky.
“What the surface are you doing?!” Cavill yelled. “We need to go. Now!” 
Enrig couldn’t even listen to him. He saw the Dragon’s tail shift and twirl, causing its massive body to rotate on itself.
“Not this way,” He said, and then grabbed Cavill’s arm. “Come on.” 
He turned right, pulling his cousin behind him, and ran as fast as he could. Behind them, the Dragon dived again and flew across the path they had been running through moments before, claiming everyone in its track.
“How did you do that?” Cavill asked.
“I opened my eyes,” Enrig replied.
He looked back again, but this time failed to see the Dragon. As large as it was, the beast was so fast it could disappear in a flash. With his head circling around, Enrig crashed into someone and fell. In a panic, he tried to untie himself from the body holding him down.
When he finally got on his feet, he saw the Dragon again, flying straight at him. Its mouth was open, baring fangs as large as swords. Its wings, spread out like blades, grew larger and larger as it lunged closer. Enrig screamed and fell on his back. He tried crawling backwards; the whole world disappeared; when all of a sudden – a shape jumped in front of him, placing itself between Enrig and the Dragon. 
With his mouth dropped, Enrig saw whoever it was swirl an object the size of a pumpkin at the end of a rope. The stranger threw it up in the air and to his right and the Dragon reacted immediately, gliding to catch it and then flying away from them, back up to the sky.
“Come on!” The stranger screamed, holding out his hand.
Enrig grabbed it and the man’s powerful muscles lifted him up like he was made of feathers.
“Let’s go. Ten steps and switch,” The man said.
Enrig had no idea what he meant, but quickly realized he wasn’t talking to him. Scattered around them, there was a group of strangers, about two dozen of them, all with funny haircuts, skin covered in tattoos, and colorful clothes.
“You… You’re Runners…” Enrig muttered.
“Move, kid!” was the only answer he received. “Where’s the closest tunnel?”
Enrig pointed at it and the man dragged him towards it. The rest of the group followed. 
They were as precise as they were methodical. Half of the group watched the Dragon while the other half ran. The two halves switched roles at regular intervals without so much as a signal, coordinating in silence like a flock of birds.
When the turn came for the man to stop and watch the sky, Enrig crouched beside him. Cavill had apparently been rescued by one of the strangers, too. A large man with tattoos instead of hair forced Cavill down on his knees and screamed:
“INCOMING!”  
The Dragon was doing another one of its low altitude swoops, flying straight at Cavill and his escort.
Enrig felt a cold hand squeezing his stomach and fought the urge to get up and run. He saw the Runner besides his cousin shoving Cavill back down when he tried to flee, and then swirl some sort of slingshot above his head. He would not have looked calmer if a white dove was headed for him instead of that giant monster. Enrig didn’t even see the projectile being shot, only the cloud of white dust that exploded in the Dragon’s nose.
With an earth-shattering shriek, the monster flew back up, trying to find relief from whatever the dust had done to him. Set against the clouds, the Dragon looked even darker, like a wound in the sky that bled fire. 
“How far to the tunnel?” The man asked.
“About…” He searched for the familiar rock that stood at its entrance. “Fifty feet.”
It was an old emergency burrow. Not even connected to the city’s network of tunnels, but right there and now, it was their best shot.
With the Dragon squirming in the air, the Company of Surface Runners resumed their flight, but the effect of the bomb didn’t last very long. The monster spun back around, growling as if the humans fighting back had made it even angrier. 
“Break formation!” screamed the man besides Enrig. “Run!”
The group obeyed and the half that was standing watch got up and fled. Then, the Dragon opened its mouth wide and fire gushed out, leaving a trail of flames across the ground. Enrig spun his head around, tracing the inferno, and saw it nearing Cavill much faster than he could possibly run.
“Cav, turn! TURN!” he screamed.
But it was too late. The Runner that was aiding him tried to push him from the incoming flames, but managed only to set his right arm on fire while Cavill fell to the ground wrapped in a blaze. 
Enrig felt like everything went silent, as if all his senses went numb at the same time. He felt an embrace, followed by a feeling of weightlessness as the stranger grabbed him by the waist and lifted him from the ground. He began screaming and crying out for his cousin. The Runner ignored his kicks and screams, and carried him over his shoulder the last few paces, keeping a hand on Enrig’s chest after reaching the burrow, fearing that he might leave its safety and try to reach Cavill. He did no such thing. He just stood there, watching through watery eyes as the Dragon killed off any remaining survivors.
“Are you alright, kid?” the man asked.
Enrig didn’t answer right away.
“They never eat us,” he muttered. “They just kill us and then carry us away as trophies.”
The Surface Runner removed his hand from Enrig’s chest.
“Dragons are necrophagous,” he said awkwardly. “They… carry their prey back to their lairs and… eat us later.” His voice was rough, like leather worn for far too long.
One of the Runners, a short woman, approached them.
“Captain,” she said, “everyone’s accounted for. We just…”
“You raving mad lunatic!” another voice interrupted.
Enrig turned towards it and saw a man pointing an accusatory finger at the Captain.
“You order us to face a Black Dread. A Mahari Black, fucking, Dread.”
“Serak…” the Captain said with a tired shake of his head.
“We could have run straight to the tunnel, and you order us to fucking save farmers?!” He had a green pony tail and the left side of his face was covered in tattoos.
“They needed help!” the Captain said.
“They needed help? We needed help! Samir almost lost an arm.”
“I wasn’t just gonna leave them.”
“Well, it was certainly worth it,” the angry Runner quipped. “Look at everyone we saved.” His arms went wide, encompassing the entire burrow. “One brat. Congratulations, Captain Targon. You’re a fucking hero!”
A knife suddenly appeared below Serak’s chin.
“Get off my face,” Targon growled.
Serak decided to step back, but his voice came out like a chill.
“Whatever it is, you better deliver on this plan of yours, Captain. Cause you’re gonna find yourself out of Runners to boss around unless you get us some real gold, real fast.” 

Chapter 2: The Contract


Targon had visited dozens of cities in the world, from the cliff caves of Awam in the Western Sea, to the hill tunnels of Fausta in the Phermian Mountains, but he had never seen anything quite like Saggad. Most of its tunnels had walls of polished brick instead of naked rock and were paved with colorful cobblestone. Abundant torches gave a yellow glow to just about every corridor in the city. And omnipresent incenses softened the stench of moisture, sweat and urine that plagued every underground settlement in the world. But what really took Targon’s breath away was its main cave. Many cities had central hollows at its hearts. The market in Samehr, for instance, was four stories high and as wide as a corn field, but the royal plaza of Saggad was something out of a drunken bard’s tale. A cavern so immense that a Dragon would have been dwarfed by it. Dozens of tunnels, corridors and hallways from ten different levels fed from it, making its concave walls a cascade of stairways, balconies and terraces. The plaza was cut in half by a black river ten feet wide, crossed by seven stone bridges, each lined with exquisite sculptures. Two statues of the goddess Fyr, one on each end of the river, pretended to hold the cave’s ceiling with their left hands, while their right one’s clenched around a fire that shed light upon the entire cave - Just like the real goddess did with the sky and the sun, above the ground. 
Targon walked between the marble palaces the nobility had built around the myriad tents of the market, ignoring the usual stares from the crowd. Behind him, his Company followed in gloomy silence. He looked across the river, where the Temple of Fire competed with the Royal Palace for the tallest archway Targon had ever seen. 
He stopped in the middle of a small clearing of merchant stalls and ordered the Company to do the same. Nasur, his lieutenant, walked to his side as the men dropped their loads, allowing themselves some rest. 
“Are you gonna tell them now?” Nasur always spoke in a rasp, as if everything he said tasted bitter. This time, he was doing it in a low voice, making sure no one else could hear. 
“Not yet. Not until I have all the details.”
Targon scratched his chiseled jaw. It was marked by a burn scar that ran down to his neck and looked almost as scary as his permanent frown.
“Now, boys,” he heard someone say. “We can finally sell our precious load of cotton.” It was Serak. He was speaking loud enough so the Captain could hear him. “Hey, Thamet, can you think of a better place to sell cotton than a city warmer than Dragon farts?”
Nasur looked over his shoulder, at the rest of the Company, but spoke to Targon only.
“Morale is low,” he said. “Sooner or later they’re going to start listening to that idiot Serak.”
“I can handle Serak,” Targon said. 
Merchants had begun an assault on his men. Surface Runners always meant new goods for them to resell, so they tried to tempt them with the finest silks, jewels and tapestries in the whole of Arkhemia.
“Look at these numskulls,” Targon said. 
Nasur shook his head.
“Might as well try to sell those to a Dragon,” he said. “But still, the men’s pockets are empty. Even if it is useless crap, they would all rather be able to afford it than not.”
“Don’t worry. I’ll tell’em about it as soon as I know everything.” He turned towards the Company. “Anweh!” 
A small, olive skinned girl stepped up to him with Enrig in tow. 
“Yes, boss.”
“Don’t call me that,” Targon said. “What is he still doing here? Go home, kid.”
“Says he wants to join,” Anweh told him.
“I wanna be a Surface Runner,” Enrig said.
“What?! No way, you’re too young.”
“I’m almost fifteen.” 
“Well, you look like you’re almost twelve,” Targon replied. “And you talk like you’re ten,” then, as if the matter was settled. “Anweh, find us some accommodation.” 
“I started younger than him,” she said. Her wavy jet hair bounced over her tiny ears. “And he’s good at reading Dragon’s movements. You saw him up there.”
“Yeah!” Enrig said. “I’ve been a Watcher for years.”
Targon exhaled loudly.
“I’m not going to take a kid as an apprentice unless I can talk with his parents.”
“My dad is somewhere out on the surface,” Enrig said. “Good luck finding him.” 
Targon had trouble answering that.
“He’s a Surface Runner,” Enrig explained.
“Yes, I understood that!” The Captain said.
Nasur began to chuckle, which earned him a furious stare from Targon.
“You do see the irony in this, right?” Nasur told him.
“Shut the surface up,” Targon replied. “We’ll talk about this when I get back.” He turned to Anweh. “And you, get us a place to sleep. Nasur will hand you some gold.”
“What gold?” Nasur asked.
Targon gave him another angry stare.
“Find something cheap,” Nasur told Anweh. “Maybe we’ll be able to afford half of it.”
“How about I pitch a tent on the surface?” She asked.
Nasur gave her a wink.
“That’s the spirit,” he said.
Anweh turned around with a graceful swirl and hopped away. Enrig decided to follow her. 
“Right. Time to get paid,” Targon said.
“I’ll get the men something to drink.”
“Don’t let them get too drunk. It’s going to be a long discussion when I get back.”
Nasur nodded and Targon walked away. A fruit merchant quickly jumped up to him, displaying a glowing red pear.
“Thank you,” Targon said, snatching the pear. He took a bite from it, ignoring the protest frozen on the merchant’s throat. The other merchants decided it was better to just let him through.
He crossed one of the bridges that connected the two halves of the plaza and headed to the massive gate of the Royal Palace. Above it, an elaborately sculpted archway flamed on the wall of the cave. He stepped up to one of the soldiers standing guard and showed him a rolled piece of parchment with the sigil of Saggad etched on a seal.
“I want to see the king.”

*  *  *

Targon heard each of his steps repeated tenfold as he slowly approached the throne. The room seemed as tall as the giant cave outside. Pink marble columns rose up to the naked rock ceiling, making sure the artificial hollow didn’t cave on top of his majesty. 
“It sure feels empty with just the three of us in here,” The Surface Runner said.
“This conversation is meant for no one else’s ears.” Taggesh II, King under Saggad, was a fat brown man with a soft voice. Sitting atop his stalagmite throne, he looked much smaller than he actually was. He wore a plain black tunic, and one would have been forgiven for mistaking him for a commoner, was it not for the flaming gold crown on his head.
“I suppose this was the smallest room you could find in such short notice,” Targon said.
The king did not answer, so the Surface Runner produced the roll of parchment that had brought him there.
“Carn,” said Taggesh to the servant beside him, “if you don’t mind.” He waved towards Targon.
The man wore a tunic similar to that of his king. He had a potent walk and a serious stare, like nothing in the world could make him smile. He had unusually fair skin for a Saggadi, and his short hair was almost blonde. 
The king’s servant retrieved the parchment, opened it and read it in silence.
“It is authentic, your majesty,” he said. “I recognize my handwriting.”
Taggesh nodded.
“Do you think you are the first Surface Runner to attempt to collect this offer?” the king asked.
“I would be surprised if half of my competitors could read, your highness.”
Taggesh let out a soft chuckle.
“You are a witty man, Captain Targon. Is that a useful trait on the surface?”
“Alas, Dragons have a lousy sense of humor, your majesty. I am afraid it is not.”
“Your Company, what is its name?”
“The Dragon Dodgers, your majesty.”
Taggesh paused and his eyes roamed for a little bit.
“Have you heard of the Dragon Dodgers, Carn?” he asked. His servant told him no with a solemn shake of his head. “I have not as well. I do not think your reputation has reached Saggad, Captain. Is it a new Company?”
“Founded it myself, twelve years ago. Best Runners this side of the sun, your highness.” 
“But you do understand I need more than just Runners, don’t you?” the king asked. “Many companies have come to me, claiming they could do this. Few convinced me they could. None ever returned to collect the reward.”
“My Runners and I tend to work mostly in Samehria,” Targon said. “Sometimes we Run north to trade with the Arrelines in Augusta or even Fausta. Other times we go as south as Awam, but we rarely go east, and certainly never as far as Saggad. We have travelled a great distance to be here, your highness. I wouldn’t have brought the Dodgers this far unless I was sure we can do this.”
Taggesh nodded. 
“You are clearly motivated,” Carn said, “that is very good. But what is your plan?”
Targon shuffled his feet. That really was the question. And he had spent the last couple of months rehearsing the answer. After all, without a plan, he was just sending himself and his Company to a certain death.
“My plan involves a third party,” he replied.
“That is rather vague, Captain,” Carn said.
“An alchemist named Kanuur. I have reason to believe he has made a discovery that will assist me. But that is all I am prepared to share. The contract does not imply I have to divulge my methods.”
“But that is unacceptable!” The king jumped to his feet. “I will know every detail of this operation or there will be no deal.”
“The king will be investing a vast sum of gold in your endeavor,” Carn said. “If you are successful, but his majesty is not capable of replicating that success, the investment will be for nothing.” 
“Very well…” Targon said, shuffling his feet once again. Those two were proving to be harder to dodge than most Dragons. “We will be travelling to a small town near the Shamissai Mountains called Sandahar. There, I will meet Kanuur and obtain…” He swallowed in a dry throat and his eyes rolled in every possible direction, looking for an answer somewhere inside the enormous throne room.
“Obtain what?” the king asked.
“A poison,” Targon blurted out. And now it was too late to take it back. 
Oh boy, am I stupid… 
“A poison…” The king said. “That is most ingenious. The possibility had never occurred to me.”
That makes two of us.
“Indeed,” said Carn. “If such poison exists. You are certain that it does?”
Why don’t you just shut up?!
“I am very confident,” Targon said.
“Excellent!” Taggesh proclaimed. “As promised on the parchment you hold, I will pay five hundred thousand Spades upon your successful return.”
The mere thought of all that money made Targon feel warmer.
“I will also give you ten thousand gold Spades in advance to cover any expenses,” the King continued.
“Oh, thank you, your majesty.” Targon wasn’t expecting that little, huge, bonus. It should be enough to get Serak off his back, for sure. “You are most generous,” He said with a bow.
“Carn will serve as your bank. Whatever you need money for, just ask him and he will pay for it, up to those ten thousand.” 
“Oh, that’s… You see, your majesty, Runners travel light, so it would be preferable to restock once we reach Sandahar. For that reason, it’s probably best if you just give me the advance.”
“That is not a problem, Captain. Carn will be joining your expedition, of course. He must learn all about this poison.”
Oh, Dragon shit!


Chapter 3: The Disagreement

“Are you fucking insane?!” Thamet yelled. 
The rest of the Company looked similarly curious, but Targon held his fearless expression. After all, he had been expecting this reaction from the beginning. 
“Kill a Dragon? Actually kill a bloody Dragon?” Thamet continued. His braided mustache whipping with his screams. “What is wrong with you?”
They had the tavern all to themselves. Targon was glad he had convinced that nosy Carn to wait outside. Suspicious as he was, witnessing this discussion would probably send him running back to his king, advising him to pull off his support of the expedition. 
“Wait a moment, calm down,” Serak said, stepping to the front of the crowd. “For once, the Captain might actually be on to something good here.”
That was strange, Targon thought. Serak actually sounded like he meant it.
“Ten thousand Spades is a lot of gold,” He continued, “and that servant of the king is the only one keeping us from it. I say we kill the bastard half way to Sandahar, run back to Samehria and never set foot in Saggad ever again.”
“That’s a horrible idea,” Nasur said.
“Why? Accidents happen on the surface.” 
“No way Taggesh would fall for that, Serak,” Targon said. “Word would get out. In less than a year we wouldn’t be able to find a job this side of the sun.”
“So this is what you actually intended?” Thamet asked. “I mean, if your plan was to scam the king of some far away eastern city, I could understand it. And ten thousand Spades is almost worth crossing a whole continent. But hunting a Dragon?! Hunt down an actual Dragon?!”
“And kill it,” Targon added.
“We run from Dragons!” Yarek said. 
“We don’t kill them,” his brother Marek added.
“No one does,” Yarek finished.
“That doesn’t mean it can’t be done,” Targon replied. “Five hundred thousand gold Spades. You’ll be as rich as kings.”
“Not if we’re dead, we won’t,” Thamet said.
There was a chorus of angry agreements, but some of the Runners took the side of the Captain.
“It’s a lot of gold, Tham,” Casta said.
“It’s certain death!” Liora yelled.
Approving yeah’s and angry no’s piled on top of each other. There were even some shoves and insults.
“Listen to me,” Serak’s yell competed with everyone else’s. “The Captain already got us into this mess. I’m the only one offering a solution.”
Serak received no answer as everyone seemed to be involved in a discussion of their own. 
Suddenly, a blast of shattering stoneware broke through the noise and a white cloud of dust covered the angry crowd. The yelling was replaced by screams of pain and everyone covered their eyes.
“Be quiet, you vagabonds!” Nasur barked above the screaming. “You will discuss this matter with civility.” The Runners were coughing their lungs out. Some actually puked. “Oh stop your whining, Thaeus. It’s just a blind bomb.” He lifted the squirming Thaeus from the ground and pushed him into the rest of the crowd. “Useless earthworms. Next time I’ll drop an incendiary bomb up your arses.”
The men tried to regain their composure as their vision returned and the pain subsided. 
“None of you were forced to join this Company,” Targon said. “That means you’re a Dragon Dodger for as long as you like, not a day longer.” He paused for effect. “Truth is, I found the mother of all jobs. The best paying job any Company ever found. Isn’t that my job as your Captain? Getting money in your pockets?”
The men stared at him through burning, watery eyes. 
“But this can’t be done, Captain…”Nyssa, a towering black woman, said.
“Yes, it can. I found the job, but I also found a way to do it.”
The room became suddenly quiet.
“There is an alchemist in Sandahar that has discovered a poison. A poison so powerful, it can kill a Dragon,” Targon continued. “My plan is to find this Alchemist and buy some of this poison from him. After that… I’m going to hunt and kill a Dragon. But I need your help. I’m offering you fame, and I’m offering you more money than you can count. Runners from all over the surface would give their balls for the privilege of standing in your shoes.” He waited, silently counting his breaths. No one moved, no one said anything. “Good. Get some sleep, we leave tomorrow.”
The group of Runners spread itself around the tavern, small conversations sparking up here and there.
Targon sat down on a table, hiding a sigh of relief and Nasur sat beside him.
“There is an alchemist with a poison that kills Dragons?” he asked, presenting a bottle of burning water and a cup.
“It’s what I told the king,” Targon replied. He wiped sweat from his forehead and snatched the burning water from Nasur. “I’m just rolling with it now.” Ignoring the cup, Targon drank three long gulps straight from the bottle. 
“I sure hope you know what you’re doing, Captain,” Nasur told him.
“Boss,” Anweh called. She was standing behind his chair. 
“Yes, Anweh,” He said. “What is it?”
“The boy. You still haven’t made your decision.”
“Yes, I have. He’s not joining us.”
“But…”
“Did you hear what was just discussed or did you leave the room at some point?”
“The kid doesn’t have to fight a Dragon, you can leave him in the rear or something. Which reminds me. Have you lost your mind?!” 
“Anweh, please… Not you too.”
“Alright, I won’t tell you you’re going to get us all killed for a stupid reason… if you go and talk to the boy.”
Targon pressed two fingers against his temples and exhaled loudly. Why was it always so hard to say no to her?
“You’re right. I just crossed an entire continent, I don’t need to rest.”
Anweh grabbed his arm, pulled him up and threw him a smile.
“Come on boss, it won’t take long.”
“Don’t call me that.”
Chapter 4: The Agreement

The sickening scent of burning flesh was barely covered by the abundant incenses lining the walls. There was a quiet wailing coming from one corner, but Targon could barely hear them over the repetitive mumbling of the priests surrounding the corpses. There were only a few, since most of the dead had been carried away by the Dragon.
Some of the attending threw necklaces and rings into the fire, others drew marks on their faces with mud from three large bowls in front of the pyre. Enrig, however, did nothing. He simply stared at the crackling flames as if he was daydreaming.
“Your cousin’s parents, are they here?” Targon asked him.
“Died two years ago,” Enrig said. “In the orchards to the north.” 
Targon and Anweh exchanged a glance. 
The priests fell onto the floor and began to scratch it. Their chants became louder and frantic as if they had become impatient. Someone’s sob broke through the hypnotizing mantra and as if on cue, Enrig left without a word. The two Runners went after him. 
They were on one of the lowest levels of the city. There, the tunnels were narrower, darker and damper. Moss covered most of the walls and Targon could almost taste the moisture in the air.
“Is the ceremony over?” Targon asked.
“It won’t be over until tomorrow.”
“Well, that’s priests for you right there,” Targon said. “Whatever gods they worship, they never do anything unless they can do it outrageously.” He was trying to lighten the mood, but failed miserably.
“People die. Painting mud on your face and burning your jewelry won’t change the goddess’s mind,” Enrig said. “Cavill is gone. That’s it.” 
Anweh and Targon exchanged another glance. 
“Right,” Targon replied. He felt silly chasing the boy like that. Especially since he didn’t even want to be there. He signaled Anweh to leave, but she gave him a stare and pushed him along.
Enrig just kept walking, turning into narrower tunnels, going down darker stairs.
How deep does this city go? Targon wondered. He almost stepped on a calico cat, and when he turned to watch it run off, stepped in dog shit. He cursed, but kept going after the boy. After another corner, they were forced to jump over a man lying on the ground, cradling a bottle. From the many houses lining the corridor came a mix of screams, dog barks and baby cries, and Targon was pretty sure a man was beating his wife in one of the houses down the corridor. They turned one more corner and passed through another series of doors. The new tunnel was filled with just about the same sounds as the previous one. The only difference was that now some houses had their doors open. On one of them, a little girl was wiping the floor while sobbing. On another one, a naked old man was sharpening a knife.  
Enrig finally stopped at the entrance of a small hovel. The door was a rotten plank that squeaked when Enrig pushed it open. He motioned them to follow him and went inside. From further down the hall, Targon heard the rocking sounds of a couple having sex. Quite loudly.
“Where the surface are we?” Anweh asked.
“I think we found the world’s asshole. Thank you for bringing me here,” Targon said, then followed Enrig inside.
The house was a dark mess, barely lit by a couple of candles quickly running out of wax. It smelled of vomit and bad wine.
“You live here?” Anweh heard herself say.
Enrig was about to say something, but instead, they heard a noise from one of the rooms.
“Enri? Is that you?”
The voice was female, but had a harshness to it, like the growl of an animal too small to be fearsome. The woman came stumbling into the furniture and stopped at the threshold of a door, leaning precariously into it.
“It is you…” She stopped, staring at the strangers inside her house. Her hair was a gray fur ball and her ragged clothes hung to her body like they belonged to someone else. “Who’s this?” she asked.
“Mum, this is Anweh and Targon.”
She fixed her eyes on Anweh.
“I’m not paying for your whores!” the woman said.
Anweh’s mouth dropped and Targon clenched a fist, but Enrig simply laughed.
“Oh please… When was the last time you paid for anything in this house?” Then he turned to the Runners. “Ignore her.”
Enrig’s mother spat on the ground. She tried to walk towards her son, but her legs betrayed her, so she just stood on the same spot, holding on to the door knob like she was about to fall off a cliff.
“I apologize, Captain, but I did bring you here for a reason,” Enrig said.
He signaled them to follow him and stepped into his own bedroom. It was like they had been transported to a different building. The walls were clean, the candles were new and it smelled of cinnamon. Everything was neat and tidy. Above his bed, nailed to the wall, Enrig had a collection of drying leaves and tree branches, all from different species. Anweh was immediately drawn to them.
“Wow!” she let out.
“You like them?” Enrig asked. He looked tremendously proud. “Most people never even saw something like that. Well, obviously, you two have. Being Runners and all, but…”
“It’s very impressive,” she said with a smile.
Enrig swell with pride. 
“Is this why you brought us here?” Targon asked.
Something in his voice made Enrig’s smile disappear.
“Yeah… I mean, I wanted to show to you that I am Runner material.”
Targon sighed.
“Look, I’m sure most kids don’t collect things from the surface, and I did notice how you move up there. You can read a Dragon’s movements and know where to run. You certainly have what it takes and you’ll be a great Runner one day, but I can’t take you.” He paused and sighed. “Sorry kid.”
“But, why?” Enrig’s heart was broken.
“Because the Dodgers aren’t going on a regular Run, this time. We have a special mission. Too dangerous for an apprentice.” 
There was a moment of silence as Enrig’s eyes fell to the ground.
“Come on, boss,” Anweh pleaded. “You can leave him in the rear. Leave him in Sandahar, we’ll pick him up on the way back.”
“Sandahar?!” Enrig yelled. “You’re going to Sandahar?”
Targon nodded.
“I’ve been halfway to Sandahar.”
Targon didn’t look the least bit convinced.
“I have, seriously. Prophet’s Peak, the mountain to the north. I’ve been there. Slept there through the night and then came back. I swear!”
“You slept on the surface for an entire night?”
“Yeah!” Enrig boasted. “I found this cave and slept there.”
“Wait.” Now, Targon’s interest was piqued. “You know about a shelter halfway between here and Sandahar?!” 
“I do,” Enrig said.
Anweh punched Targon in the shoulder and smiled.
“See, he’s even useful,” she said.


*  *  *


It took them about an hour to climb back. Anweh had found lodgings for the company at a place called ‘The Leaning Hog’. It was possibly the worst inn on all of Saggad, but even that dump wasn’t as far down as Enrig’s district, and compared to that part of the city, these tunnels felt spacious, clean and luxurious.
“What I don’t get,” Targon told Anweh, “is why you like the kid so much.”
“I don’t know… He reminds me of you a little.” She shrugged. “Anyway, this is me. Your room is upstairs” 
Anweh gave Targon a key, then turned around to unlock her own room. Targon didn’t move.
“What do you mean, my room?” 
“Not tonight, Targon,” she said.
“Ok…” Targon’s unfailing frown seemed to somehow get heavier. “Why?”
Anweh was already midway into her room.
“Because I don’t know what is going to happen once you have all that gold in your pocket.”
“You know what’s going to happen. I need to go home, Anweh.”
“Then take me with you.”
Targon sighed and squeezed his burn scar.
“Anweh, I’m married…”
“No, you’re not. You told me yourself, she’s with another man.”
“Because I’m away!” Targon yelled. “I’m a Surface Runner. I haven’t seen her in years, of course she’s with another man.” He exhaled loudly and regained his composure. “I have to repay them for what I did. A man can’t just walk away from his wife and son. With this money…” He hesitated. “The least I can do now is make sure they never need for anything again.” 
“Good for them,” she said. Then slammed her door shut.
Targon stood for a moment, pushing back a curse, then turned away clenching his teeth. He climbed the rock-carved staircase and punched the walls. He used to make his own knuckles bleed with those same punches, in Awam, years ago, in the months after marrying Shalim. It was as if he had been trying to fight the city itself, the confinement, the rotten taste of humidity, the never going anywhere. He had Ran the Surface with his previous company, The Burning Striders, since he was a little kid. And while leaving them for Shalim had been easy, soon all he could think about was the Surface. The sprawling, bright, wind shaken surface. No amount of Dragons could have changed his mind. He had packed his things and left. The first years were glorious, he had even founded his own Company, but then, as the years passed, sunlight burned his skin and guilt burned his soul. Surface Runs became longer, the wind became colder and daylight became darker. On every city he visited, every wailing woman sounded like Shalim, and every boy of every age ran and laughed and cried like the son he had never even met.
What choice do I have?
The thought was interrupted by something around his neck. At first, he didn’t even realize what was happening. When his mind finally caught up with his senses, it was already too late. Two men were pinning him against a wall, while a third one held a knife to his throat. 
“Out for a walk, Captain?” said the man holding the knife.
It was Serak’s voice. As soon as Targon’s eyes adjusted, he recognized him and the other two – Daviel and Thaeus.
“Just stretching my legs, boys. How about you?” he asked.
“Oh, just wondering if we really need you as our Captain. You know, the usual.”
Targon glanced sideways at Thaeus. The boy was trying to look fierce.
“Do you remember when we met? You were begging on the tunnels of Aparanta. You ate your first piece of meat after I recruited you.”
“And now you’re trying to get me killed,” Thaeus spat.
“We’ve been thinking about those ten thousand Spades, you know,” Serak said. “It’s worth a lot more than your talk. And killing a royal butler sounds a lot easier than slaying a Dragon.”
“I’m not the only one who thinks that is a stupid idea, Serak.”
“Why? The king knows who you are, but I can take care of that,” he said, pressing his blade against Targon’s throat. “Then, I can just change our name. We can be the Dragon Ditchers." 
The other two laughed.
“That’s a good point,” Targon conceded.
“This is what we’ll do,” Serak said. “You’re going to tell me everything about that plan of yours and then I’ll decide if I like my plan better. Because let’s face it, Captain, there is no poison. Is there?”
“Fair enough,” Targon said. “But I need to reach into my pocket.” 
“Let him go, Daviel.” 
Targon’s hand disappeared into his jacket and returned shortly after with a folded piece of parchment. Serak snatched it from his fingers, unfolded it and then inspected it from every possible angle.
“What is this?”
Targon laughed.
“Right, I forgot. You can’t read…”
Serak’s knife found its way back to Targon’s neck.
“What a great Captain you would make,” Targon said.
“I wouldn’t send my men to their deaths,” he snapped. “Besides, others can read for me.” Serak passed the letter to Daviel. “What does it say?”
The Runner released Targon and took the letter. His pierced lips moved silently as he read the piece of parchment.
“What is this?” Daviel asked Targon.
“A year ago,” He replied. “We were headed to Niveh with a load of spices and silk. Do you remember? When we found those bodies on the foothills of Silusa?”
Daviel nodded.
“Some idiots who got careless and were robbed,” Serak said.
“Robbed?!” Targon smiled. “They still had bags full of Silphium. They weren’t robbed.” He turned to Thaeus. “You remember, kid. They were carrying a bag of mail, you found it.”
Thaeus glanced at Serak, confused, then back at Targon.
“Yeah… But, it was burnt to a crisp.”
“Exactly,” Targon said. “They had left a valuable cargo of Silphium behind, but burned the mail? It got me curious, so I did… a more thorough search of the bodies.”
“And you found this,” Daviel said. “But where?”
Targon gave him a smile.
“Let’s just say the parchment stank for months.”
All three of them grimaced.
“So what is it? What does it say?” Serak demanded.
Daviel shrugged.
“It’s a letter from a man named Kanuur, from Sandahar, but it doesn’t say to whom it is addressed to.” 
“The only person who knew that was probably the Runner who had the letter.” Targon said.
“It seems like… Alchemist small talk,” Daviel continued. “Stuff about herbs and substances, but I never even heard most of these names.”
“Yeah,” Targon said. “Took me a while to figure that out too. But try holding it up and aiming the letter towards a torch.”
The three men surrounding him exchanged a couple of glances, but Daviel obeyed and as soon as the letter stood in front of the flames, they all gasped.
“Impressive, right?” Targon said. “It was written with seeds placed between the layers of parchment.”
“What does it say?” Serak demanded.
Daviel took a while to answer, then finally:
“Dragon killed. It works.”  

Chapter 5: The Departure

He had been in that same exit chamber the previous morning, begging for a spot among the Watchers of the harvest. He had left the chamber with his cousin by his side, and Cavill had never returned, not even as a corpse – Dragons always carried away their victims.
This time, Enrig himself wouldn’t be coming back. He wished he could have had more time to prepare, but the Captain refused to spend another coin accommodating the Company in Saggad. The shocking news had left his mother silently weeping on her rotten bed, probably reliving the day her husband had left her for the exact same reason – Roaming the Surface. It felt wrong, but Enrig had always known this day would come, and it seemed like it should have come much sooner already.
At least I’m not abandoning my wife and son…
The company had formed two single files in front of the gates. The Runners were getting ready to leave. Nasur was giving Carn basic Surface Running instructions; Marek and his brother Yarek were arguing about how to properly tie their boots, even though it was obvious they were both right; Thamet was packing bandages and other medical gear; Shayllah, Nyssa and Samir were holding each other’s hands, praying in silence; Thaeus was making a bet with Daviel to see who would puke first; and the others were just casually chatting, like they were on their way to the market for some bread.
“On the surface, if you drop something, it’s lost forever,” Anweh told Enrig. “We don’t stop and we certainly don’t go back for it.” She finished fastening a cloak on his leather backpack with a tight pull. “Now, you are going to stick right beside me. If I move, you move with me. If I stop…”
“I stop with you.”
“Exactly. That’s all you need to know for now.” Anweh gave him a wink. “I’ll teach you other stuff as we go. Oh, and one more thing.” She stuck a finger on his nose. “When you run, you watch where you’re running. Lose your step, snap your foot and we’re done. A Company is only as fast as its slowest Runner. Remember that.”
Enrig nodded and someone opened the city gates. The fresh air swept into the chamber and rustled his hair. This was always Enrig’s favorite part, except this time his stomach was sinking down a bottomless pit. The idea of going back home suddenly became a lot more appealing.
“Ready?” Anweh asked him.
“I think so,” he replied.
“Alright!” Targon yelled from somewhere up front. “Thirty steps and switch. My column goes first.”
It didn’t take very long for Enrig to break sweat. In fact, soon enough, his breathing became heavy, his lungs started to burn and his feet began to feel like they were being stabbed.
The first thing he learned, was that when the Captain said ‘thirty steps and switch’ it actually meant they had to run for sixty consecutive steps. Thirty to catch up with the leading column, and another thirty to get ahead. The second thing he learned, was that no one ever complained when they were tired. Ever. He saw one Runner vomiting from exhaustion without so much as slowing down. – It was Thaeus, who immediately tossed Daviel a coin. – They only rested when it was their turn to watch the sky, until Lieutenant Nasur saw Targon’s column stop and motioned at them to keep going. They actually spotted three Dragons throughout the day, and still kept running.
“There was no need to worry.” Marek told him later that day. “They were far enough.”
Enrig didn’t think a Dragon could ever be far enough.
The Company reached the base of Prophet’s Peak in the middle of the afternoon. It had taken Enrig twice as long to get there when he had gone alone. Targon lead them to a dense grove and then ordered the Company to scatter and hide. The Runners efficiently mingled with the bushes and trees, covering themselves with gray, brown and green cloaks. Only then did everyone reach into their backpacks for food and water. 
Enrig was beyond exhausted. He emptied his leather canteen in one long, uninterrupted gulp. He was still wiping the water from the corners of his mouth when a loud shriek broke through the forest. His whole body jumped up.
“What was that?!” someone screamed.
It was the Royal Servant, Carn. Earlier that day, in the exit chamber, before leaving, he had looked tall, dignified and arrogant. Now, he was pale and dripping with sweat. Heavy panting writhing his panic expression even further. 
Anweh told Enrig to be quiet with a gesture and Targon stood up silently. The Captain inspected the ceiling of leaves above them. Streams of light poured through, painting the grove in hazelnut and gold. There was no wind in there, as if they were underground, but Enrig smelled the moisture of recent rain. A fresh, earthy and pleasant kind of moisture, unlike the putrid dampness of Saggad.    
Targon chose three Runners – Liora, Samir and Shayllah – and signaled them to follow him. As they disappeared into the woods there was another deep roar, somewhere close, and Enrig felt his heart stop and his belly ache. He instinctively pushed back into the tree as if he was trying to get inside. Everyone else just stood still, patiently waiting, except Carn, so Lieutenant Nasur was forced to cover his mouth so he wouldn’t scream. The Captain returned after a while, followed by the other three Runners.
“Flew up towards the mountain,” he said with a low voice. “Shouldn’t be any trouble.” 
“The cave,” Carn pleaded. “You said there would be a cave.”
“I did,” the Captain replied. He walked towards Enrig and kneeled beside him. “So, the cave. Do you still remember where it is?”
Enrig swallowed in dry a throat. He didn’t even know where he was. He could still picture the cave and its entrance, but he hadn’t exactly spent much time canvassing the area when he had been there. He had literally just stumbled into the cave, slept there, then left the following morning. That was it. He hadn’t memorized the way in or out, hadn’t drawn any map, nothing. He simply remembered how the cave looked like.
“I think so,” he mumbled. “I mean, kind of.” He looked around. “You know, if I could get to where I came through the last time.”
Targon looked at Anweh.
“Great,” he said. “The kid was lying.” 
“What?!” Carn shrieked.
“Should have guessed it,” Targon stood up with a sigh. 
“No!” Enrig said. “I’m not lying, I just don’t really remember where…”
“Shush,” Anweh told him. “Not so loud, sweetie. We’re on the surface.” 
They don’t believe me… He thought.
“You have to trust me, there is a cave and I did find it, but…”
“It’s ok,” Anweh ruffled his hair kindly. “These woods are pretty thick, we’ll be alright here.”
Enrig pushed her hand away and got up.
“I’m not lying,” he yelled.
There were several shushes from the crowd of Runners. Nasur’s hand was covering Carn’s face once again.
“It’s ok, sweetie. We believe you, don’t we Captain?”
“Sure we do,” he replied with a dismissive hand wave.
Enrig clenched his teeth and both his fists. 
“I said I was going to find it, and I will,” he said, then stormed off and disappeared into the woods. 

*  *  *

“I’m blaming you for this,” Targon said, ducking under a low branch.
“Did you really have to call him a liar?” Anweh replied.
“You’re sure he took off this way?”
“I’m sure you’re an idiot.”
Targon exhaled loudly. The terrain was getting steeper and rockier, but the foliage was still as dense as before, making the search almost impossible. They called out for Enrig a couple of times, but didn’t dare to do it loudly. 
“Should we split?” Targon asked.
“Yeah, that way I’ll have two kids to find instead of just one.”
“I thought you liked chasing me,” Targon teased.
“I stopped liking it recently.” 
Targon had trouble answering that.
“Little blossom, please…”
“Don’t call me that,” she snapped. “Don’t you ever call me that again.” She tried to regain her composure. “Let’s just find the kid, alright?”
There was nothing Targon could say, really. She was right to be angry with him, and he was wrong about, well, everything. 
“I’m sorry,” Targon said.
She stopped, her back facing him.
“What does that mean?”
“That I’m sorry I’m doing this to you. You don’t deserve it.”
“But you’re still not going to take me with you,” she guessed.
“I can’t.”
Targon heard a deep sigh, then Anweh started walking again, abandoning their argument. She stepped through the trees, her head swinging from one side to the other, searching for the boy. Targon went after her, pretending to do the same, yet too busy trying to figure something to say.
They kept going for a while, until the trees suddenly gave way to a clearing on the other side of which stood a vertical stone wall. 
“Wow!” Anweh let out.
“I know… I guess the kid might have been right. There could be a cave somewhere along this wall.”
“So the question is, left or right?” Anweh said.
“Are you sure you don’t want to split up?” Targon asked her.
She solemnly said no with a shake of her head.

*  *  *

Enrig put his two hands down, making sure he didn’t slip on the moss covered rocks. That was the exact same gray stone that he remembered from the cave, so maybe he wasn’t far from the entrance. Although that was a big maybe. He looked back at the trees and tried to visualize the path he had just taken from the grove. After all, it wouldn’t be of any use if he found the cave, but not the way back.
He remembered that the entrance wasn’t completely level with the ground, so he decided to climb a little further, when – 
A quick shadow ran by and Enrig almost lost his balance. A cold hand squeezed his stomach. He couldn’t be sure it wasn’t a cloud, but clouds were never that fast. He hurried along the stone wall, hoping to find the cave at each corner he turned. If it really was a Dragon, his only chance was getting inside. 
Finally, he saw it. He remembered the small clearing in front of the cave vividly, and that was it. With a quick glance towards the sky, he hasted towards the massive hole in the rock. He realized he had climbed a bit too far, which meant he would have to step down a few feet. 
He was already on top of the cave when a spine chilling roar echoed around him. Enrig lost his feet and then, everything happened so fast he only realized he was falling when he hit the ground, hands first against the hard rock. A sharp pain shot through his wrist up to his elbow and Enrig let out a hurtful cry. It was the worst thing he could possibly do with a Dragon nearby, but the pain made everything else disappear. 
With tears rolling down his face, he covered his own mouth with his good arm, biting hard on his clothes.
“What are you doing?! Be quiet!” Enrig heard someone yell.
He rolled onto his other side, towards the voice, and saw a man standing before the cave. At first, he assumed it was one of the Runners, but he had never seen that man before. He was holding a knife and Enrig focused on its blade. It was long, thick and… translucent? 

*  *  *

They ran as fast as they possibly could, hoping against hope they could get there before the roaring Dragon got to Enrig. At least his screams gave them a good idea of where he was.
When they finally cleared the tree line, the cave seemed to jump up towards them – a massive black hole on the face of the mountain – Enrig was by its entrance, lying on his back, but instead of a Dragon, a stranger was kneeling beside him, with a knife in his hand.
“Step back!” Targon said.
“Easy,” the stranger said, sheathing his weapon. “Your friend just startled me, that’s all.”
“Who the surface are you?” Targon looked around, his hand on his knife. “Are you alone?” 
“I am Balcazar, and yes, I am alone.” He gestured towards the cave. “We should get in, though, there’s an Eastern Short-Tail around here.”
The stranger was right, if the Dragon hadn’t noticed them yet, he would soon, unless they got inside.
“Do you know how to get back to the Company?” Targon asked Anweh. She nodded yes. “Bring them here, I’ll stay with the kid.”
She disappeared into the forest and Targon kneeled beside Enrig.
“Your friend broke his arm,” Balcazar told him.
“How can you tell?” Enrig said, his voice muffled by the pain. “Are you a physician or something?”
“Actually, I used to be an apprentice to a physician.”
“Used to?” Targon asked, lifting Enrig from the ground.
“Died from a fever,” Balcazar said. “That’s actually pretty ironic, isn’t it?” He paused and smiled. “I had never thought about it that way.” He shook his head in amusement.
Targon’s eyebrows shot up at the silly look on Balcazar’s. He helped Enrig walk, very slowly, into the cave. The boy was biting his own lips in an effort to keep quiet. The tunnel curved slightly to the left, revealing an inner lake. Light and droplets poured from somewhere above it. 
Targon laid Enrig against a polished stalagmite.
“Do you think you can fix my arm?” Enrig asked.
Balcazar shook his head.
“I’m afraid I never finished my training. Wouldn’t know where to start.”
He was almost a head taller than Targon, but his soft skin and childish features somehow made him seem smaller. 
“It’s ok,” Targon told Enrig. “Thamet can patch you up.”
“But I can help you with something else.” Balcazar removed a small pouch from his belt. “I’m an Alchemy apprentice. I can give you something for the pain.” He smiled. 
“Alchemy?!” Targon said. “That’s interesting. You wouldn’t happen to know an alchemist called Kanuur?”
Balcazar’s eyebrows jumped up.
“Know him?” he asked. “He’s my Master.”

Chapter 6: The Secret Weapon 

Anweh returned to the cave followed by the rest of the Company and, of course, Carn. The king’s agent brushed past everyone else and stormed up to Targon. The Captain was standing in front of a fire he had just lit to keep Enrig warm.
“So now we have picked up another useless person,” Carn said, staring down on Balcazar. “I thought bringing an inexperienced apprentice was enough, Captain.” His hand waved across Enrig’s body. “As his present condition clearly illustrates.”  
“Bringing useless people is a tradition of this Company,” Targon told him. “That began with you, Mr. Carn.”
“It’s Counselor Carn to you, Captain,” he replied. “What about the newcomer?” He turned to Balcazar. “Who might you be?”
An alarm sounded in Targon’s mind, but he didn’t react fast enough. Balcazar gave Carn a bow and pleasantly said:
“My name is Balcazar…”
Targon watched as the disaster unfolded, feeling as helpless as in a dream where his legs refused to move.
“Actually, you might be pleased to learn that…” Balcazar continued, “…I am the apprentice of the Alchemist you seek – Master Kanuur.”
Oh, no!
“Oh,” Carn said, his eyebrows shooting up. He quickly glanced at Targon, almost apologetically. "That is a remarkable coincidence!”
“Well… Actually…” Targon babbled. “Maybe we should…” He had no idea what to do or say to avoid the imminent disaster.
“I do scour this region frequently,” Balcazar said. “You know, for supplies. And this is the safest place in miles.”
“Of course,” Carn said. “You must tell us all about this famous poison, then.” 
“What poison?” 
Oh crap…
“The Dragon poison, of course!” Carn said. “Did the Captain not tell you? That is the reason we seek your Master.”
“Dragon poison? What Dragon poison?” Balcazar looked confused.
Carn spun around, his eyes bolting at Targon.
“You lied!”
“Wait a moment…” Targon looked around. Everyone in the Company was approaching, circling the three of them.
“You lying bastard, I knew it,” Carn said.
“He is not Master Kanuur, he might not know about it…” Targon suggested.
“No…” Balcazar said thoughtfully. “I think I would know about something like that. I mean, that would be a pretty big deal.”
“You tried to scam the king…” Carn said. He looked a bit too happy with himself. “Do you have any idea what is the penalty for something like that?”
“Calm down, I wasn’t scamming anyone.”
The royal counselor didn’t seem to care. He flung around, addressing the whole Company.
“I’m still in possession of the ten thousand Spades,” he announced. “Arrest this man for me, escort us back to Saggad and they are yours.” 
There was a commotion among the Runners as they mumbled impatiently.
“There is no poison, Captain?” Shayllah asked.
“Yeah, what the surface, Cap?!” Samir complained.
“Everybody just calm down,” Targon ordered.
Serak broke through the crowd, entering the circle, his skinning knife unsheathed and firmly grasped in his hand.
“Serak…” the Captain said.
“Don’t worry, Captain…” there was ice in his voice. “I won’t hurt you.” He made a quick spin, locked Carn in a tight grip, and put his knife against the Counsellor’s throat. “But I am going to collect those ten thousand coins.”
“No!” Targon screamed. “Don’t do it.”
Carn screamed and squirmed, begging for help. The Captain stepped slowly towards him.
“Easy, Serak. Don’t do anything stupid.” Targon’s advance, however, was stopped by another knife. Thamet’s knife.
“Thamet, have you lost your mind?!” Nasur sounded like he was about to slap him. He was going to step forward, but another knife appeared, this time, on his own neck. “What the…”
Then, as if on cue, several Runners jumped into the circle, surrounding Serak and aiming their knives out at the rest of the Company. Targon counted them – Yarek, Marek, Shayllah, Thaeus, Daviel and Liora. Adding Thamet and Serak, that was almost half of the Dodgers. 
Targon’s mouth dropped and he froze. Were they all that angry with him? The rest of his men, however, didn’t seem to enjoy being threatened like that. They drew their own knives, challengingly. Nyssa immediately disarmed Thaeus, releasing Nasur. Serak didn’t like it.
“Stop it, Nyssa!” he barked, showing her his hostage.
“Nyssa, let the kid go,” Targon said.
She obeyed, pushing Thaeus with enough thrust to make him fall over the ground.
“What the surface do you think you’re doing?!” Targon yelled at the mutineers. “Are we going to fight each other, now?”
“Maybe we should just cut them loose,” Nyssa said. 
“We’re not cutting anyone loose. I’m not splitting this Company,” Targon said. “Serak, let Carn go and let’s talk about this.”
Serak’s eyes locked on Targon’s, streams of red filling them.
“No more talking, Captain. We’ve had enough. We’re not going to be used like Dragon bait, just so you can get rich.”
Targon exhaled loudly and searched his pocket.
“I thought we had discussed this already!” he said in disbelief. “I told you about the secret message. I showed it to you.” He waved the letter. “You know that Kanuur has found something. We have to find out what it is.”
“What are you talking about?” Anweh said.
Targon swallowed in a dry throat. He looked around, at the Runners that had remained loyal to him, and saw a series of questioning looks.
“I’m sorry. I couldn’t tell you,” he said. “The people who had this before me died because of it. I had to keep it a secret.”
“Not from Serak,” Anweh said, lowering her knife.
Nyssa did the same while shaking her head in disappointment. The others followed, leaving Targon desperately alone.
“Maybe we should do as the Counsellor says,” Nyssa suggested. Her stare sent a chill down Targon’s spine. “Take you back to the king and collect those ten thousand. What do you say, Serak?”
A smile twisted Serak’s expression.
“This is too good to be true. Your own people giving you up, Captain.”
“You’re all my people!” Targon said. He circled himself, stumbling slightly, looking for some support. He glanced at Anweh and the look she gave him felt like a knife going through his gut.
“Wait a moment,” Balcazar said. “Let me see that.” He swept Thamet aside carelessly, took the letter from Targon’s hand and aimed it at the fireplace.
The secret message became clearly visible and several gasps came from the crowd of Runners.
“I wrote this.” Balcazar smiled. “Took me a week…” He shook his head as if he had just found an old friend. “No wonder Stane never replied. He never got this letter, did he?”
Targon shook his head.
“I don’t think so. I found it on the corpse of a Runner, on the surface, near Niveh.”
“And you thought this meant a poison?” Balcazar was greatly amused.
Targon shrugged.
“It was possible… the letter suggested Kanuur was an Alchemist, which you have confirmed.”
“Ah! That does make sense, but no, it’s not a poison.” 
“So you have found a way to kill them,” Targon said.
“No.” Balcazar replied. “Master Kanuur did. I just helped.”
“Well, blurt it out, man. What is it?” Anweh said.
The alchemy apprentice drew his own knife, showing them its blade. It was translucent and had a ghostly blueish hue.
“It’s a crystal,” He said smiling. “Glowstone is its name. Goes through Dragon scales faster than wine through my Master’s throat.” He laughed at his own joke.
Serak took his knife from Carn’s throat.
“Well, shit.” He pushed the whimpering Counsellor aside. “You could have said that sooner.”

*  *  *

“So…” Thamet mumbled. “You used that… blade to kill a Dragon?”
“Well,” Balcazar said. “I certainly didn’t use it to befriend one.”
“Alone?” Nyssa asked.
“Oh, goddess, no. There were ten of us. Mostly Harvest Watchers and soldiers from the king of Sandahar’s retinue. Even a couple of retired Runners. Long story short – it still seemed like we were the outnumbered ones.”
“So why aren’t you filthy rich?” Yarek asked. 
“Yeah,” his brother agreed. “You could have collected the reward.”
“That’s actually a very good question,” Targon said. “In Samehria, nobody had heard of Taggesh’s proclamation, but here in Akham… Surely the news travelled to your city.”
“Oh yes…” Balcazar sighed. “That’s all everyone talks about in Sandahar. Has been for almost a year.” He shook his head. “But I killed my Dragon two years ago, so you can imagine how I felt like an idiot when I heard of the reward…”
“Why didn’t you go after another Dragon?” Thaeus asked. “You still had your magic dagger.”
“I’m not sure the dagger is magic.” Balcazar smiled. “But that is easier said than done. Me and Master Kanuur spent a fortune hiring the first team, and the expedition wasn’t exactly lucrative, even if we did learn a lot. We’ve been surviving on love potions and youth elixir’s ever since. None of those work, in case you’re wondering. The problem was, we couldn’t just tell everyone about our discovery.” He held the letter with the secret message up. “As your Captain has learned.”
“Why?” Anweh asked. “The Captain says that, whoever had it before him, died for it. Why?”
Thamet stole the letter from Balcazar and studied it.
“That actually makes sense,” he said. “These crystals, if they work…”
“Can make you the most powerful man in all of Arkhemia,” Targon said. “Why do you think Taggesh is offering so much money for a Dragon?”
Anweh shrugged.
“I just thought he wanted an expensive trophy,” she said. “Who knows how a king thinks?”
“Kings are just like every other man,” Balcazar told her. “They want more of what they already have. Which in their case, is power.”
“If he can defeat Dragons, he can conquer the Surface,” Targon said. “And if he has the Surface, he has everything else. Endless farms, safe trade routes. He could expand beyond Saggad, rule over every underground city in Arkhemia.”
“Shit…” Nasur chuckled. “He could build a city above the ground.”
There was a silence, as everyone took in that last realization, but Targon interrupted everyone’s thoughts with a loud clap of his hands.
“Right, so is it settled, then?” he asked. “Shall we continue to Sandahar?”
“Actually, there is no need for that.” Balcazar said. “I was the one who found the crystals. I can take you there. All I ask is that you include me when you share that reward.”
“That’s only fair,” Targon said. Then, he spoke to the Dodgers. “So, everyone agrees?”
“I say we take a vote,” Thamet said.
“Oh, come on, Tham,” Targon said. “Do you expect the man to work for free?”
Thamet nodded solemnly. 
“No, Captain. I say we vote on whether we keep going or not.”
Targon deflated like an empty winebag.
“Alright.” He swallowed in a dry throat. “Let’s vote then. Who says we keep going and get rich?”
“Wait a moment,” Serak interrupted. “I don’t think the Captain should be allowed to vote on this one.”
“Why the surface not?” Targon replied.
“Because you are the one that got us in this mess without asking our opinion,” Serak spat.
“Then you shouldn’t vote either,” Anweh told Serak. “Cause we all know you would choose anything just to piss him off.” She turned to Thamet. “Doc, either we all vote or no one does.”
There was a chorus of ‘yeah’s’.
“She’s right, Tham.” Nasur said.
“I agree,” Thamet said. “Everyone votes.”  
“Alright, who says we tell the Captain to shove it, and go back home?” Serak yelled, sticking his arm up.
Targon held his breath as arms went up. He counted one, two, three, then a couple more, then no one else. Targon almost sighed of relief.
“Is that it?” he asked. “No one else?” He waited for a little while, holding his breath. “So, to be clear, does everyone else agree that we keep going?”
The Runners exchanged looks and said yes in an uncoordinated unison.
“Yeah!” Nyssa roared. “Let’s hunt a Dragon.” 


Chapter 7: The Shamissai Mountains

The next morning, before leaving, Balcazar gave Enrig a canteen filled with Mist Flower tea to numb the pain in his arm. He felt like vomiting with every single gulp and as soon as he was finished, Balcazar gave him a small flask of Erandine seed oil – a gooey, brownish liquid that stuck in his throat for hours.
“That much Mist Flower tea would put a Dragon to sleep,” The Alchemy apprentice chuckled. “Well… actually, not really, but… you get what I mean. Anyway, the Erandine oil should keep you awake and running throughout the day.”
During the second day after leaving the cave, the tall oak trees that filled the landscape became scarcer and scarcer, and the forest quickly transformed into a brownish shrubland where nothing grew above their waist. The lack of cover made Targon uneasy. The skies had been clear during the first hours of dawn, but soon, a Dragon was bound to show up. He decided to order the Company to speed up. 
The sun arched across the sky, becoming hotter with every step they Ran. Soon, they were boiling inside their clothes, and by noon, Targon knew his men were quickly becoming dehydrated. He cursed as he checked his map for the third time. He had bought it in a city called Belleragar, back in Samehria, from a merchant he trusted, and it had been quite accurate so far, but the damned thing indicated a ridge of some sort, somewhere in their vicinity, although all he could see was pebbles and dying bushes. He showed the map to Balcazar, who examined it with a squint of his eyes.
“Whoever did this did a good job on this western section,” he said. “But here,” he pointed at where they were and where they were going, “he got sloppy with his measurements. Distances are all messed up.”
“So this ridge, does it exist or not?” Targon asked, glancing at the second column, making sure it wasn’t his time to move.
“It does, but it’s much farther than it seems.”
Targon cursed.
“Then the Shamissai Mountains…”
“Oh, they’re way up to the north, Captain.”
“How long? Four days?”
Balcazar thought about it for a moment.
“Seven. Probably eight.”
“Shit!”

*  *  *

They ran out of supplies by the third day, which meant the Company had to hunt for food at night, sacrificing precious hours of rest and sleep. On the fifth day, the landscape started to become reddish and the soil became dry. There were a few cacti scattered around, but no other signs of life. Except, of course, Dragons. 
Forced to hide under their cloaks until the shrieking beasts glided away, their advance became even slower. Fortunately, Anweh managed to hit a coyote with an arrow, without even stopping to take aim. It was the end of the afternoon and Targon only allowed them to stop by sundown, so Thamet volunteered to carry the dead coyote, happy they would at least have something to eat that night.
They risked lighting a fire so they could cook the animal, but ended up eating it half raw anyway. At least, they could already see the Shamissai peaks rising on the horizon. It wasn’t the first time the Dodgers saw them. The Shamissai were the eastern border of their home region – Samehria. But from this side, the Mountains looked different, as if they had been painted in a different shade of dark.
“Hey, Captain.” Enrig called.
Night had fallen hours ago and the moon shone through a slit. Targon had chosen Anweh and Enrig to stand watch with him, making the boy feel useful for the first time since he had stupidly broken his arm.
“Yes?” Targon said.
“Do people in Samehria also pray to the goddess Fyr?”
“Kid, there’s only one thing Samehrians enjoy more than a god – Several gods. We have gods for everything. The air, the sun, the moon. Cyrinians, like her,” he pointed at Anweh, “even have a fart god.”
Enrig laughed.
“I’m serious.” Targon chuckled.  
“Don’t listen to him,” Anweh said. “Cyrinians are just like all other Samehrians, we pray to the same gods.”
“No, you’re not,” Targon replied. “You’re weird. Even your accent is funny” He turned to Enrig. “Noticed how she talks like she’s chewing on a stick?”
“I can’t tell the difference, you all sound the same to me.”
“You mean elegant? Classy?”
Enrig chuckled.
“I was going to say, not very polite, actually.”
Targon dismissed him with a hand wave.
“That’s because your people are so uptight. Like Carn, for instance. What a bigheaded idiot! Are all Akhamis like that or just the ones from Saggad?”
Enrig shrugged.
“I wouldn’t know. Never been to any city besides Saggad. But all Akhami Runners I’ve met are pretty similar to Saggadis.”
“Then I’m glad we skipped Sandahar.”
“Would have been nice to resupply, though,” Anweh said. “Cause if we don’t find any water soon, we’ll be in trouble.”
“Don’t worry,” Targon told her. “This isn’t a real desert, just a dry plain. As we get close to those mountains, the terrain will become friendlier.”
The sky, on the other hand…

*  *  *

A luscious forest greeted them on the sixth day, so they had their bellies full by the time they arrived at the Shamissai, two days later. The problem was, anywhere there was life on the ground, there was death in the sky, and if the forest had provided them with decent cover down below, now that they had begun to climb, they were extremely exposed.
“This reminds me why we’re Surface Runners…” Serak gasped as he raised himself onto a rock ledge. “…and not Surface Climbers.”
“Your man is right, Captain,” Carn said.
“You mean the one that had a knife to your throat over a week ago?” Targon asked.
“That bears no relevance to the point.”
“Which is?” Targon jumped over a small crevice.
“We are critically unprepared for climbing a mountain of this size.”
“Well, on a mountain, you either climb or you fall,” Targon said. “Feel free to choose.”
“So what do you intend to do if a Dragon sees us?” Carn demanded to know.
“Sacrifice Serak as bait and run the other way.”
Carn was right, of course. Targon knew the only reason a Dragon hadn’t attacked them yet was luck. Their cloaks mixed in well with the mountain rock, but he had already spotted five Dragons that day, and the morning wasn’t even over. It was only a matter of time until one of the monsters noticed them.
They kept on pushing up, doing their best to make themselves small, hiding behind every available rock, ledge or crevice, but the number of Dragons just seemed to be growing with every foot they climbed. The beasts flew over the mountain tops like flies circling a forgotten plate of food.
“Captain!”
Targon heard Balcazar approaching, brushing past the entire Company with his silly smile.
“Are we on the wrong track?” Targon asked.
“No, but I think we should go that way instead.” His arm indicated a ridge to their right.
Targon’s eyebrow slid up.
“Why?”
“Because it seems much closer.”
“Are you sure? Earlier you said we should go over that peak.”
“Well, what we’re looking for isn’t a precise location.”
Targon frowned.
“How do I say this?” Balcazar wondered. “What we’re looking for can be found in a… wide area.” He smiled.
“Alright, everyone,” Targon yelled at the Company. “We’re going that way. The good news is, we might be closer than we think. Bad news is, I’m no longer sure Mr. Balcazar knows where he’s going.”
Balcazar laughed, amused. 
Targon was actually glad he didn’t have to climb any further. His arms were aching and the palms of his hands were burning, not to mention his feet felt like they had been beaten to a pulp.
Then, someone whistled. An urgent, spine chilling whistle repeated four times. He looked back and saw Liora pointing towards the sky. Targon followed her stretched arm and saw the shape of a Dragon diving towards them. As if on cue, the monster roared, turning Targon’s stomach into water.
“Find cover!” he yelled, then sprung forward, running towards the ridge.
He almost slipped and fell, but Balcazar grabbed his arm.
“Go Captain, go!” he said. “That ridge is our best shot.”
Targon saw six or seven of his people following him, but the others had ran backwards, looking for any hole where they could hide. 
“Get to the ridge,” he told the ones following him, then ran the other way.
He saw the Dragon shoot a jet of fire that spread over the mountain’s face like a waterfall. Two of his men almost got caught by the blaze, but ducked behind a boulder just in time. He took a blind bomb from his backpack and twirled it over his head on his slingshot. The bomb exploded right on the Dragon’s nose, making it shriek in agony.
“This way!” he screamed. “Everybody run this way! We have to get over that ridge, quickly.”
The Runners obeyed. Targon watched them racing towards and past him, making sure everyone was accounted for. The Dragon had already circled back, shaking its head, trying to get rid of the painful powder. Then Targon heard a faint whimper.
“Help! Help me!”
“Oh, Dragon’s hairy ballsack,” Targon said.
It was Carn’s voice. The man was panicking, frozen behind a rock.
“Come on, Counsellor,” Targon screamed at him. “We have to get out of here.” He knelt besides Carn. “We have to go, now!”
He was shaking. Crying out of his mind.
“We should stay here.” He sobbed. “Wait until it’s gone.”
“No, we have to go now.” Targon tried to push him, but he refused to move. “You’re gonna get us both killed!”
“Oh please, goddess, no!” Tears and snot dripped all over his face.
“Right.” Targon sighed. “Let’s do this.” He grabbed the Counsellor by his collar and waist, then hurled him away from the rock.
The man screamed out of his lungs and tried getting back, but Targon clenched his arms around him and dragged him forward.
“Whether you like it or not, Carn, we’re going that way. Might as well not fight it.”
The rest of his men were already safe behind the ridge, so when the Dragon flew back around, Targon and Carn were the only available targets. 
A screech told them it was approaching, getting ready for another attack. Targon looked sideways and cursed. The Dragon was coming in too fast, he wouldn’t have time to reach the nearest cover. He considered turning back, but was sure hesitating now would get them killed for sure. What else could he do? He ran faster, as fast as he possibly could, ignoring the slippery and sloping ground. Then, the inevitable happened. Carn tripped. He tried holding on to something, but grasped only air, his own weight betrayed him and the Counsellor slipped off the ledge, falling over it. Targon squeezed his arm as tight as he could and pushed backwards, falling hard on his back, but holding on to Carn.
The Counsellor screamed, wriggling and trying to climb up Targon’s arm. The Captain felt like his shoulder was about to snap, then suddenly, he saw a shadow over him. It wasn’t the Dragon, it was Nasur, swinging a rotten meat bait over his head. He shot it through the air and the Dragon bit it. Swallowing the bait, the giant creature turned around at the last moment. It flew so close, Targon could almost touch it. So close, that his tail whipped over the mountain, but also the dangling Counsellor. Targon felt the weight pushing his arm down suddenly disappear, and Carn fell off.

*  *  *

“What now?” Nasur asked.
Targon was squatting, his hands desperately clenching his hair. The rest of the Company stared at him in silence. 
They had crossed to the other side of the ridge as Balcazar had told him to, and were now on a different side of the mountain, facing south instead of north. The Dragon had been left behind, but they knew it wasn’t far, and there were many others nearby.
“We keep going,” Targon said. 
“What’s the point?” Serak demanded. “The king is not going to pay us now.”
“You don’t know that,” Targon said. His eyes bolting at Serak.
“No. But you always know everything don’t you, Captain?” His arms opened wide. “Look at where you’ve brought us?” He said in a mix of disgust and disbelief. “I shouldn’t have agreed to this…” 
“We all agreed to this.” 
“Look at where we are!” Serak screamed. “There’s a reason Surface Runners never climb mountains.” 
“If what we’re here for was easy to find, everyone would have it, you idiot.”
“Wake up, Captain. We can’t Run, can’t make a proper formation, have no food, no water… Not to mention we’ve never seen so many Dragons in the same place.” His eyes were wide. “And now, what faint hope we had of getting paid for all this, if we survived, is squashed some five hundred feet below us.” 
“We have gotten this far, we can’t turn back now,” Targon replied. He looked around for help. “Balcazar, the crystals… They can’t be far, right?”
“They’re not far at all, they’re…”
“Fuck the crystals!” Serak interrupted. “Who will be the next one to fall off a cliff, Captain?”
There was a silence.
“We’re done chasing your fantasies.” Serak glanced back at the crowd. “Come on, guys, let’s get out of this place.”
Serak spat on the ground and walked away. Yarek, Marek, Thaeus, Daviel and even Thamet followed in his steps. The others were exchanging glances and Targon could see in their eyes they were about to do the same. He clenched a fist, feeling his stomach turn upside down. He spun around, ran towards Serak and grabbed him by the collar.
“I’m not gonna let you take my men!”
“They don’t belong to you,” Serak said, then punched him in the nose.
Anweh squeaked, but quickly covered her mouth. Targon stumbled back a little, but used the space between them to kick Serak on his knee, forcing him down.
“Stop that, you two!” Nasur Barked.
“Let them sort this out, Lieutenant,” Thamet said.
Targon had put himself above his mutinous Runner, punching him, but Serak wrapped an arm around his neck and dragged him down to the ground. The two began rolling over each other, kicking and punching.
“With all those Dragons out there? Are you insane?” Nasur told Thamet.
Somehow, Targon untangled himself and got back on his feet.
“Right, I’m ending this,” Nasur said. He stomped towards them, but Thamet knocked him out cold with a thud. 
“Thamet?!” Anweh yelled.
“It’s their fight.”
Targon was stepping back, trying to catch his breath, while Serak got on his knees.
“You want a Dragon, Captain?” he asked, panting. “I’ll give you one.” He jumped up and rammed Targon.
The Captain turned his head a little, to look back, and saw the ledge coming closer and closer, as if Serak wanted to throw them both off the cliff. At the last instant, Serak stopped, tripped Targon and pinned him to the ground.
“YOU WANT A DRAGON?” Serak’s eyes were gleaming with rage. “Here’s a Dragon.”
Targon struggled, trying to get away from Serak’s hold, but failed. 
“Hey! Hey, you beasts! Heeeeeeeeey!” Serak screamed.
He’s mad! Anweh thought.
“Thamet, do something or gods help you I’ll…”
 “Alright,” Thamet conceded. “That’s enough, Serak,” he yelled.
But Serak wasn’t even listening, as if everything that was left of him was rage.
“HEEEEEEEYYY!” he kept screaming. The veins on his neck popping out. Then –
A raging roar swept through the valley. So loud and fierce it made everyone take a step back. The shape of a Dragon surged in the sky, shooting towards them.
“Here’s your Dragon, Captain.” Serak smiled like a mad man. He got up, holding Targon by the neck. “I hope it chokes on you.”
“NO!” Anweh raced towards Serak, screaming.
It made his head turn and Targon took the chance to butt Serak in the temple, sending him staggering backwards. The Captain turned around, saw the Dragon open its mouth and his eyes went wide. He felt a shock and was knocked down by Anweh.
They felt the heat of the gushing flames a mere few inches from them. Targon rolled over, trying to protect Anweh. He felt the heat go away and quickly jumped up.
“A blind bomb. Someone hit it with a blind bomb,” he pleaded, helping Anweh to her feet.
Around him, the Runners fiddled with their equipment, tripping over themselves with the shock.
“We’re not taking orders from you anymore,” he heard Serak say, then felt a punch on his kidneys.
Targon fell on his knees, grabbed Serak’s legs and swept them up, taking him down. Then, as he was about to pin Serak to the ground, he looked sideways, at Anweh, a few feet from him, and a scream froze in his throat. He saw a shadow cover her as she stumbled back and fell. Then two massive jaws closed around her, sweeping her off the ground. 
Blind bombs quickly showered over the Dragon’s head, but the creature flew away, clutching its prey firmly between its fangs.


Chapter 8: The Hunt

“Come on, kid, faster!” Balcazar said. “We’re losing it.”
“But I…” Enrig gasped. “I have a broken arm.”
“Oh, don’t be silly. I drugged you out of your mind. You can’t feel a thing.”
Enrig did feel different, as if he was floating, yet tremendously aware, and despite having been Surface Running for the past several days, his feet didn’t hurt, his bruises didn’t bother him and his muscles were relaxed. It was like he could go on forever. So, he kept his arm tucked in his chest, but tried to ignore its condition and sped up. He was surprised when he felt no extra pain. Just the discomfort of using only one arm to keep balance.
Balcazar, on the other hand, was climbing up the mountain like he had lived there all his life; chasing after the flying Dragon like a cat after a fleeting mouse.
“He’s heading to that crag up there,” he said.
“Maybe it’s tired,” Enrig said.
“No.” Balcazar smiled. “I think we’re even luckier than that.” He turned back to face Enrig. “I think that’s his lair.” 
Enrig frowned; it did seem too good to be true. He raised himself up to a small boulder, finally catching up to Balcazar, and watched as the Dragon turned his body almost vertically to slow itself down. Dust, pebbles and twigs danced into the air with the gust of wind from its wings, and the Dragon’s hind legs touched the ground with a thump. 
“A Samehrian Jaggedback…” Balcazar uttered in fascination. He turned to Enrig. “You can tell from the…”
“Thingy’s on its back, yeah.”
“Triangular plates,” Balcazar corrected. “They're probably bone, growing from the spine, but who knows…” He sounded distant, as if he was daydreaming.
“We should head back. We can still save Anweh,” Enrig told him.
Balcazar stood motionless, admiring as the creature entered a black hole in the mountain.   
“Yes… We can still save her.”

*  *  *

“I ought to kill you right now!” Targon paced left and right, screaming in a fury. 
“Then do it,” Serak replied. He was kneeling down, hands tied behind his back; his green hair a sweaty mess spread across his face.
“Don’t tempt me…” Targon squeezed his own fist.
A sound of rolling rubble came from above them and they turned towards it.
“Where the surface have you been?” Targon asked. 
“We followed the Dragon,” Enrig said. “We found it.”
Targon stormed towards them and grabbed Balcazar by the neck.
“You took the kid after the Dragon?!”
“I… I thought you would be happy to know we found its lair,” Balcazar babbled.
“It’s less than a mile away,” Enrig said. “We can still save Anweh.”
“Stop it!” Targon yelled. “That’s enough.” He stood silent for a moment. “We’re leaving.”
“But…” Enrig mumbled.
“I’ve lost enough people, already. It’s over.” Targon shook his head slowly and let Balcazar go with a shove.
“Captain… She might still be alive,” Balcazar insisted. “All we need is the Glowstone.”
“What Glowstone? Where is it? We’ve been climbing this mountain for hours, I’m starting to think it doesn’t even exist.”
Serak began to chuckle.
“What are you laughing about?” Targon gnarled. 
“Now? Now you agree with me?! Gods of the grave, you are useless.”
Targon punched him. A red stream emerged from Serak’s lower lip and he spat some blood.
“Fair enough,” he said. “But we should get those crystals; and we should kill that beast.”
“We?” Targon gave a short laugh. “You have a lot of nerve…”
“It’s my fault she got taken. Let me help you save her.” He was serious. Dead serious.
Targon felt like throwing him off a cliff, and probably would have if the rest of the Dodgers weren’t there to stop him, but if there really was a chance to get Anweh back…
“Alright,” he told Balcazar. “Get us to those crystals.”
Balcazar smiled.
“This way,” he said.
“And someone release this worm,” Targon said with a wave towards Serak.

*  *  *

Targon leapt after Balcazar; his fingers digging into the crooked rock so hard they became white.
“Where is it, Balcazar?” 
“We’re almost there.” 
The Captain had received that same answer three times already. 
“Can we help? Tell us what to look for. Is it a cave?” 
Every moment they wasted was a stab in his chest. He couldn’t shake the thought of Anweh, trapped, wounded, and in pain; desperately waiting for her own death in the dark, cold lair of the terrifying beast.
“It’s not a cave,” Balcazar told him with a chuckle.
“Don’t crystals grow on caves?”
“Not these crystals. Don’t worry, Captain, we really are almost there.”
He heard the crisp squawk of an eagle and looked up.
“That’s a brave bird,” he heard Nasur say from behind.
The whole Company stared at the majestic shape of the eagle gliding across the sky.
“First time we’ve had a clean sky since we began to climb these mountains,” Thamet noted. “I don’t like it.”
“Who doesn’t like a clean sky?” Marek asked in disbelief. 
“Ignore him, Marek,” Nasur sneered. “He left his brain in Saggad.”
“I already said I was sorry, Lieutenant,” Thamet said.
“Well, sorry is not gonna bring Anweh back; or take care of this lump on the back of my head.”
“Be quiet!” Targon barked.
“It’s just around that rock,” Balcazar said. “Are you ready?” He smiled.
“For what?” the Captain asked.
“The original Akhami tribes lived in these mountains,” Balcazar said. “And when the Dragons came and swept men from the surface, the Akhami left the Shamissai Mountains and looked for refuge underground. My Master was obsessed with studying these early events. He collected ancient tablets and papyrus rolls. You know, records of those times.” He stopped and grabbed the broken stone beyond which he was taking them. “Most of those artifacts were damaged, badly preserved or just irrelevant. But he did find something interesting. References to special warriors, armed with magic swords and lances, who bravely fought Dragons. It was hard to believe, of course. At first, we assumed they were just myths, campfire lore to keep the people’s hope alive. Until… we found a map. A tablet with a rough depiction of the Shamissai Mountains and warriors pulling their swords from it. So Master Kanuur sent me to track down this place, which the map called, the Elder Spires.” He smiled and crossed to the other side.
Targon and the Dodgers followed him, only to freeze a couple of steps later. The sight before them defied reason. It was simply not possible. They were now on one side of a deep ravine that sank so far below them, that the ground was invisible. Springing up from it, as tall as the mountain peaks themselves, rose massive, three faced spikes aiming at the sky like a bear trap ready to be sprung. 
They stepped forward, mouths dropped, trying to make sure they weren’t in a dream. 
“It’s…” Nyssa mumbled.
“It’s amazing,” Targon said. “What is it?”
The spikes were made of some kind of gray stone, polished to a gleam, as if they were handcrafted. Blue crystals hued all over them, like dew covered tree branches in a cold winter morning. Each spike had its own inclination and they seemed to form a single file along the ravine. 
“The Akhamis believed…” Balcazar said. “That an ancient Dragon god once died and sank into the seas, leaving only its back above the water, and that our continent – Arkhemia – grew on top of it. This,” he indicated the spikes, “according to the tablet map, was the Dragon god’s spine. The Elder Spires.”
“Like the plates of a Jaggedback...” Enrig whispered.
“Like the plates of a Jaggedback,” Balcazar agreed, smilingly.

*  *  *

Marek and Yarek swung themselves into the nearest Spire. The Glowstone stung a little when they grabbed them, like an ice burn, but much quicker, like a jolt. The red headed brothers returned with a backpack brimming with crystals.
“Here they are,” Marek said, dropping the Glowstone. “What do we do with it?”
Balcazar picked a sharp piece of shale off the ground.
“Everyone grab one of these and let’s start carving,” He said.
To demonstrate, he put on his thick leather gloves, grabbed one of the Glowstone shards and hit it hard with the sharp end of the shale. The crystal shattered and a small piece of it came off. He kept hitting it until the crystal was shaped like a small blade.
“Fit this on top of a pole, and you have yourself a Dragon killing lance.” He smiled.
Targon grabbed and inspected it.
“That was quicker than I thought,” he muttered. “This is like fragile glass… Are you sure it can go through Dragon scales? Because not even diamond can do that.”  
“Captain, you have seen the letter. I have done this before.”
“That reminds me…” Marek said. “I’ve been wanting to ask this for a while. Did everyone in your team survive?”
“Well… Not everyone, no.” Balcazar scratched the back of his head.
“How many, then?” Targon asked.
“Just me, I’m afraid.” There was a mournful silence. “The Dragon didn’t actually kill everyone.” He paused. “Most of them just didn’t resist their wounds...”
The Runners exchanged uncomfortable glances, shifting their feet, until Serak broke through the crowd and grabbed one of the crystals.
“I really wish you had remembered that detail, back when we met you,” he told Balcazar.

*  *  *

The mountain had become dark, lit only by the half-moon hanging in the sky. Forming a semi-circle, the Dragon Dodgers closed in on the lair’s entrance. Targon paced along the line of his Runners and stopped in front of Enrig, placing a hand on his shoulder.
“You know what I’m going to say, don’t you?”
The boy looked down, then back up.
“I can help, you know? I’m small and fast, and…”
“You have a broken arm,” Targon cut him off. “Besides, the only reason you’re here is because Balcazar brought us straight here. The plan was to leave you in Sandahar, always was.” He sighed. “Let’s face it, someone can get hurt in there trying to protect you. Besides, every moment we waste here, arguing, is another moment she is trapped in there.” Targon felt a huge lump on his throat.
If she’s not dead yet…
“Alright,” Enrig said. “I understand.”
“You do?” Targon was expecting a lot more of a fight.
“Yes. Just save her.”
Targon smiled.
“Right. Find some cover, then. You never know what’s out there.”
Enrig nodded, then dashed away. Targon took a deep breath and rechecked his Glowstone dagger.
This better work…
“Are the torches ready?” He asked.
Thamet and Serak reached around their back and showed him one torch each; the smell of fuel stung his nostrils. He nodded his approval and turned around. The Dragon lair stood before them; its entrance was like a wall of darkness where the wind danced, creating eerie sounds that chilled their bones.
How many souls have lost their lives in that place? 
“What about you?” Targon asked Balcazar. “Sure you want to come with us? This is not your fight.”
“On the contrary, Captain.” He smiled. “This has been my fight for much longer than it has been yours.”
Targon nodded.
“Alright, let’s go.”
He saw several of his Runners wipe sweat from their faces; a couple of them were praying in silence. At his command, they all stepped forward.
Targon went in first, testing the ground before him. Soon, he couldn’t see a thing. “Thamet,” he whispered, “torch.”
He heard him strike a flint with his regular knife and sparks lit the tunnel momentarily, until the torch caught fire. At first, it looked like any other cave. Uneven walls, stalagmites rising from the ground and stalactites dripping from the ceiling. Until Thamet lowered his torch, lighting the ground – There were bones of every shape and size scattered across the tunnel. Decades, maybe centuries worth of death, piling on the ground. 
Targon drew his Glowstone dagger and felt its weight. It was a poor excuse of a weapon. Badly balanced and fragile, but it would have to do.
Treading as lightly as possible, they crossed the tunnel, making sure even their breathing was silent. The sound of the wind, howling from the entrance, quickly faded away and was replaced by a deep, drumming roar that came and went like waves crashing against the shore.
It’s a snore. Targon thought. The Dragon is sleeping.
If it was, then maybe they did have a chance of pulling this off. 
The tunnel kept going for a little longer, until, all of a sudden, it gave way to a massive hollow.
Targon’s arm shot out, blocking his men. He signaled them to back away and peered into the opening. 
There it was, lying in the middle of the cave, with its palace sized chest, rising and falling with long breaths. From the back of its head, down through its spine and tail, it had a ridge of triangular bone plates, some of which were as large as a door. Its folded wings wrapped around the base of its drawn out neck like a blanket. And above its forelegs, rested a vast head where horns twisted and nostrils flared with each snore. 
“I’m going to look for Anweh,” Targon whispered. “I’ll try to get her out before we attack.” 
Thamet, still holding the Torch behind him, nodded in agreement.
“Stay here,” Targon added.
He stepped out from their cover and involuntarily kicked a small rock. It rattled across the ground, echoing through the cave as loud as a thunderstorm. Or at least so it seemed. Targon froze. His heart pumping so hard he thought it was about to shoot out from his chest. 
But the Dragon gave no sign of hearing it. It was still snoring as steadily as before. Thamet appeared behind him, handing Targon a torch. He took it and nodded back. 
Now able to see where he was going, the Captain hurried across the cave, swinging his head left and right, searching every corner of the bone covered ground. 
He circled an entire half of the cave, but there was no sign of her. 
Did that idiot follow the wrong Dragon? 
He was on the other side of the cave, now, behind the Dragon, right beside its tail. And then, he saw her. The tail curled protectively around Anweh’s body. She was lying on one side, her arms lifelessly spread out as if she was a doll casually dropped by a child. He gasped. Was she alive?
He hurled himself over the tail, probably far more carelessly than he should have, and kneeled beside her. He held her gently by the shoulder and rolled her onto her back. Her skin was cold and pale.
“Anweh…” he whispered.
Her chest moved up, ever so slightly, and Targon felt air coming out through her nose. A smile grew on his face. She was alive. If only barely. 
Targon felt a pungent smell of iron. There was blood trickling down from the corner of her mouth, but the smell came from her blackened clothes. He lifted her shirt and discovered a horrible gash across her belly. 
He cringed with the sight. It was bad, he had to get her out. Thamet could certainly stop the bleeding and stitch her up. And maybe Balcazar knew of some healing potion that could help, but she didn’t have much time. 
Targon placed the torch down and slid his hands under her, but, when he was about to lift her up, she gave a small whimper. In a panic, Targon covered her mouth, muffling the sound. Her eyes opened, wide with fear and wet with pain. She recognized him and her face creased in a silent cry; tears rolled out of her eyes. Targon pleaded her to shush without a sound, when – 
He saw it out of the corner of his eye. A small whisk from the tip of the Dragon’s tail. It was like a punch to his gut. Was it waking up? He had to hurry. Trying to be as gentle as he could, Targon lifted her, but it was still too much for her. A sharp scream of pain escaped Anweh and then, everything fell apart. The Dragon thundered, the tail swirled and its body rose. The whole cave seemed to move. Targon tried to run, hoping to reach the exit before the creature could see them, but its tail whipped back down and slammed them against the wall.
He was almost knocked out. Cringing from the pain, he tried to get back on his feet, quickly, before the Dragon squashed them both. The Dragon, however, was too busy to notice them. Screams filled the cave, challenging the beast. His men were attacking.
Taking advantage of the distraction, Targon moved to the fallen body of Anweh next to him. She was out cold. He tried shaking her, screaming at her, but nothing worked. He put an ear to her chest, searching for a beat, and heard one, then another. It was faint, weak, but there nonetheless.
The Dragon Dodgers were forming a semi-circle in front of the Dragon. Those holding a lance tried to keep the monster at some distance, while the archers fired a shower of Glowstone-tipped arrows onto the monster. 
There were no questions that the crystals worked. Targon had never seen something go through a Dragon’s scaled hide, but all those arrows were digging themselves deep into the creature, sending it reeling backwards, roaring in pain. 
There was no way he could get Anweh past the Dragon, at least not safely. He tucked her against the wall, making sure she was still breathing and then kissed her. 
“I’ll be right back,” he told her.
Then, he drew out his Glowstone dagger and charged against the Dragon. He stabbed its thigh, hoping to get the monster’s attention away from his men, giving them a chance to strike with the lances, but the Dragon just casually kicked him away. 
The kick sent him flying backwards, and he crashed against the wall. It took him a while to tell up from down and he had trouble breathing. He reached around the back of his head and saw blood on his hand. When he finally tried to get back on his feet, a sharp pain shot up from his foot and his body crumbled to the floor. He looked up, to where the fight was, but saw only a blur. He tried dragging himself forward and the image became sharper. He saw Nyssa attempting to stab the Dragon’s neck with her lance, but she wasn’t fast enough. It yanked the lance from her hands, then closed its colossal jaws around her torso, snapping her spine with a single bite. 
The Runners took a step back, watching the Dragon toss Nyssa’s lifeless body aside.
“How do we kill it?” Daviel screamed, panicking.
“Aim for the head and the heart,” Nasur replied. “Wait, watch out! Fire!”
The Dragon’s head recoiled as it took a deep breath, then its mouth opened and flames burst out from its throat. Targon saw Nasur pushing Runners behind stones and boulders, leaving his back exposed to the inferno. The flames quickly cloaked him. He fell, screaming, and rolled across the floor. Thamet jumped to him, trying to put the flames out with his cloak, but ended up getting caught by the relentless gush of fire. When the Dragon’s mouth finally closed, the two of them had been burned to a crisp. 
Targon choked a cry and wiped tears from his eyes. He forced himself up again, ignoring the mind twisting pain in his leg, and limped towards the Dragon’s tail. He jumped on the Dragon’s back, hoisting himself on its triangular back plates. 
The Dragon must have felt him, because it began to squirm violently. Targon hugged the Jaggedback’s jerking plates as if he was about to fall off a cliff.
“Distract him!” he screamed. “Quick!”
His men were still hiding behind cover, too afraid to come out.
“Come on, you worms!” Targon heard someone say. “Shoot it!”
It was Serak. He was shoving the remaining Runners away from their hiding places, spurring them forward.  
As the new onslaught of lances and arrows fell down on the Dragon, its back became stable again and Targon dragged himself along its spine, towards the beast’s neck. He heard Samir squealing as he was flung into the air by the beast’s massive paw. Then, an arrow struck the Dragon, right in front of Targon’s eyes, missing his head by an inch.
Gods of the surface!
He pulled the arrow out of his way and heaved himself up the Dragon’s neck; his leg tormenting him with each push. This time, despite the attackers in front of it, the Dragon didn’t ignore Targon. His head curved sharply, trying to bite on the tiny man scaling its body.
“HEY! Hey ash breath. Yeah, you, you huge bat!” Serak was screaming and waving his torch like a mad man, picking up rock and bones to throw at the beast’s head. “Come on, you ugly lizard.”
The display worked. Serak took a step back as the Dragon roared and charged after him.
“I need a weapon,” Targon screamed. “Throw me something.”
Serak couldn’t even hear him. He dived and rolled to his left, barely escaping a jet of fire. Targon’s hands were getting sweaty and he couldn’t feel his fingers anymore. He would slip at any moment.
“A blade!” he screamed. “Something!”
He looked below and saw Balcazar sliding beneath one of the gigantic fore legs.
“Here, Captain,” he said, hurling a dagger. “Strike between his eyes.”
The weapon circled upwards and Targon caught it in midair, leaving only one spare hand to hold on to the Dragon. His fingers were slipping; his weight was too much for his tired arm. The Dragon lunged to Serak once again, its mouth open wide. Targon raised the dagger as high as he could, clenching his teeth and screaming from the effort. His hand came down at the same time as the Dragon dived for Serak, and the Glowstone blade buried itself deep into the beast’s skull.
The Dragon’s head jerked backward with an earsplitting scream, yanking Targon away. The creature squirmed, its wings wavering aimlessly; another growl echoed through the cave, fainter than the previous; its legs moved uncertainly to the left, then back to the right; the monster’s mouth got stuck in a silent roar – until its body collapsed onto one side with a thump that shook the whole cave.
The Dragon was dead.

Chapter 9: The Hero   

“How is she?” Targon said through his gritting teeth. “How is Anweh?”
“Serak is checking on her,” Yarek told him. “Take it easy, Captain.”
The Dragon’s inert body stood between him and where he had left Anweh. Around him, the survivors were picking themselves up, tending to each other’s wounds. Thaeus was kneeling besides the smoking corpses of Nasur and Thamet, weeping, his body shaking.
“Get me to her,” the Captain insisted. “Let me see her.” 
Yarek signaled his brother, Marek, to help him. Together, they lifted Targon up with his arms over their shoulders. He was in bad shape. Each step he gave was like being stabbed in four different places at the same time.
“I think you broke a couple of ribs, Captain,” Marek told him.
“Just take me to her,” he said, fighting through the pain.
Serak was kneeling beside Anweh, inspecting her motionless body.
“How is she?” Targon asked him. “Is she alright?”
There came no answer. Serak simply stood back up with his head low.
“Serak…”
“I’m sorry,” was all he said.
Tears flooded Targon’s eyes and he dived to her. 
“No…” He hugged and kissed her as if that could somehow bring her back. “No!” He screamed. Tears streamed down his cheeks. “My little blossom…” he whispered. “I’m so sorry.”
“Don’t worry, Captain,” he heard a voice say, somewhere behind him. “You won’t be apart for long.”
Before he even realized the meaning of those words, he heard a loud crack and suddenly the world vanished as his eyes began to burn. He heard a cacophony of screams, punches and what was unmistakably the squelching sound of stabs.
Disoriented, he felt his way out of there, ignoring the pain of his wounds. The screams continued. He could clearly distinguish the agonizing voices of his men. Yarek, Thaeus, Liora, Shayllah. He had to do something, help them somehow. He tried opening his eyes, but it only made the burning worse, so he crawled, patting the ground, looking for someplace to hide, hoping his Runners could do the same.
He found a small boulder and slid behind it, then reached the canteen in his belt and poured its content on his face. As he expected, the water reacted with the blind dust still sticking to his face, making it burn even harder, but it also washed the dust away. He blinked his eyes repeatedly, wiping them with the back of his gloves. Slowly, shapes formed in front of him. He turned his attention to the noises in the cave – the screams were dying out. Was everybody in his Company dead? Who could have done such a thing?
Serak…
There was a thump of a last body falling down.
“Where are you, Captain?” That voice… it wasn’t Serak. “You’re the only one missing.”
Balcazar!
“Your Runners are all gone, Captain. Time to finish this.”
The bastard! He had just murdered them all. Why?
“Come on, Master Runner. Come out!”
The reward. Targon realized. 
“I just killed all your men. Surely you want revenge. I even killed your pretty girl. While you were climbing the Dragon’s back, right before I passed you the dagger. Impressive job, by the way.”
Targon clenched his fists so hard they turned white. It took all his self-control not to jump out and lunge towards him. He put his head out and sneaked a peak. His vision was still fuzzy, but he could make out Balcazar’s figure lurching near the Dragon’s head.
“You should have seen the idiots I brought the last time I killed a Dragon… Had to do it all on my own. You on the other hand… I’m almost sorry I have to do this.” 
Targon took another peek. Balcazar had circled around and now had his back to him. He took the chance. With a searing pain jolting up his leg, he dashed across the cave, his regular skinning knife aimed at Balcazar’s back. At the last instant, the Alchemy apprentice, if he really was that, turned around, grabbed Targon’s arm and punched his broken ribs. The Captain collapsed as the pain almost made him pass out.
Balcazar laughed sadistically.
“Oh, you are brave, Captain, I must say,” he said. “Oh, come on, don’t make that face…” He grabbed Targon and lifted him up against the Dragon’s head. “You should be proud of yourself. How many people have done what you have?” Balcazar indicated the handle of the Glowstone dagger, still sticking out of the Dragon’s skull. “Oh wait, I can actually answer that. Only one – me!” He laughed again.
“I don’t get it…” Targon said with blood spilling out of his mouth.
“Of course you don’t,” Balcazar told him as he put his knife to Targon’s throat. “And you’re not supposed to. This is much bigger than you can imagine.”
“Just tell me, then finish me off.”
Balcazar sighed and put a hand to his heart.
“You know that I have a soft heart, don’t you?” he quipped. “And I do like you, so let’s just say that the secret of these crystals has to be kept, well, secret.”
“What, are you some kind of Dragon lover? Why would you let me kill the Dragon in the first place, then?”
“Captain…” Balcazar shook his head. “In the grand scheme of things, the life of this Dragon is as insignificant as mine and yours. And besides, a fresh Dragon corpse for studying is too good of a gift to refuse. When you and your boys showed up on my doorstep, so eager to help…” He chuckled. “I knew the goddess was smiling down on me. Not that human shaped blasphemy they worship in Saggad these days. The real, Dragon goddess.”
“Ah… goddess… We have a lot of those where I come from.”
“Alas, none of us can choose not to be born in the midst of barbarians. Goodbye, Captain. It really was a pleasure.” Balcazar’s knife moved backwards, taking balance.
“One last thing.” Targon interrupted. “You did not kill all my men.”
“Hmm?”
“You forgot my apprentice.”
Balcazar’s eyes opened wide and he spun around; Enrig was right next to him. The boy pulled the Glowstone dagger out of the Dragon skull and shove it into Balcazar’s gut.
The Alchemy apprentice stumbled slightly and grabbed the dagger sticking out from him. Gritting his teeth and spitting blood, he pushed it off with a squelching sound. He held the dagger up, blood covering the Glowstone blade, and lumbered towards Enrig. The boy faltered backwards, tripped and fell. He saw Balcazar’s knife diving for him, then a shape covered his sight – Targon’s shape – he had slid himself in front of Enrig, receiving the blade on his own chest. The Captain screamed, but held on to Balcazar, making sure he couldn’t remove the Dagger.
“Finish him off, kid.” Targon mumbled.
Enrig crawled, patting the ground, his heart about to explode in his chest. He felt the handle of a knife, grabbed it, jumped back up and jabbed down, stabbing Balcazar’s neck. 
There was a gurgling sound as blood poured and bubbled from Balcazar’s mouth. His body jerked twice, then it stopped and fell, lifelessly, over Targon.
The Captain pushed the murderer’s body away from his, then pulled the dagger out of his chest.
He felt so tired, so cold. His whole body was a mess of pain and blood. He was having a hard time focusing his eyes. The world was spinning and fading. Enrig kneeled in front of him.
“Captain…” he sobbed. “I…”
“It’s ok, kid…” He tried swallowing and felt a sickening taste of iron. “You did good.”
“I can find some patches, some stitches, I…”
“No,” Targon said. “It’s ok, you did ok.”
Enrig wiped the tears from his eyes.
“Reach into my pocket,” Targon said. “My inner pocket.”
Enrig fiddled with Targon’s jacket and removed three pieces of parchment.
“One of those is a map. It should help you get back.” He swallowed slowly. “The other one is a letter, Balcazar’s letter. Burn it.” He coughed and the pain made him cringe. “The last one is the proclamation of the king of Saggad. Keep it, collect the reward. All you need is to carve some evidence from the Dragon corpse.” Targon smiled. “You’ll be a rich man.” 
Enrig couldn’t say anything.
“But I need to ask you one thing, though.” Targon went on, his voice rougher.
“Anything,” Enrig replied.
“It’s not a simple thing to ask, but you should be able to hire some professional Runners to help you.”
“Anything,” Enrig repeated.
“Find my home town, Awam. It’s on the other side of Arkhemia, on the western sea. You’ll like it.” His eyes became distant, dreamy. “It’s on the cliffs by the ocean. There are dozens of terraces where you can watch the sea. Feel the water sprinkle your face every time a wave crashes into the rocks. Feel the breeze ruffling your hair and hear the seagulls cry.” He stopped and for a moment, Enrig thought he was gone. “You’ll like it there… Find my wife, Shalim, and my son, Sargon… Give them some of the gold. Tell them I couldn’t deliver it myself.”
Enrig sniffed.
“I will. I promise.”
“Good, thank you,” Targon said. “Could you do one last thing?”
Enrig nodded.
“Sure.”
“Drag me to Anweh. I don’t want to die here.”
The boy wiped his face with the back of his shirt and then dragged Targon as gently as he could across the cave. He arranged Anweh’s body so that they were lying next to each other.
“Thanks…” Targon said, turning his head to face Anweh. A tear rolled down his cheek. “I’m here, little blossom. I’m right beside you.” 
Targon reached for Anweh, entwining both their fingers; his hand clutched hers in a final embrace. She looked so peaceful.
Enrig saw something flicker in the Captain’s eyes, like a wind draft that had suddenly vanished, leaving them blank. 
The boy forced himself to stop sobbing and wiped his face, sniffing heavily. He found Serak’s backpack and the torch fuel within it. Carefully, as if tending precious artifacts, he dropped some of it over every corpse, except Balcazar’s, then used the torch to light them all.
With several pyres burning around him, he collected as many Glowstone arrows and daggers as he could pack, and used one of them to remove a fang, a claw and a patch of scaly hide, from the fallen Dragon. 
He took one last glance at the chamber, where the Dragon Dodgers burned around their mighty prey and headed towards the exit.
Morning had already come. The sun peered between two mountain peaks, shedding light upon the whole valley; the tiny silhouette of a Dragon glided over the horizon, searching for prey; and a thick mist streamed bellow, covering the forest.
Enrig took a deep breath. The Surface was a vast, sprawling place and he had a long way to Run.

The story of the world of Arkhemia continues soon.
When is the next book coming out? Find out here. 






