Two Medicine

A Novel

by 

John J. Hansen

Two Medicine is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places and incidents are the product solely of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.  
2015 Burgundy Books Paperback Edition
Copyright © 2015
All rights reserved.
Grateful acknowledgement is made to Stephanie Sasscer, for her edits. 

Note: Native Americans, at the time in the early 2000s, were still known in Montana by various names, used interchangeably: First Nation Peoples, Indians, Indigenous, Native Peoples, Native Americans, and American Indians.  Only two were in common usage amount the locals where the book is set: Native Americans, and Indians, and as such are used in this story.

INTRODUCTION


	I never set out to write a novel about how my life started in Glacier Park, Montana.  I went there for reasons much less dramatic, less artistic, than to research for some future novel.  I simply wanted to just get away from a humiliating breakup, and from a job I hated, and from being incredibly lonely.  I desperately wanted a new life… a life in someplace a far away from Atlanta as I could get on short notice; inventive, maybe, but reasons born of desperation rather than exploration.  
Leaving everything behind I left for Montana.  But when I got to what I thought was going to be a new life, I fell in love with a girl, Alia.  It was to be a short-lived love, however, and the finding out of the awful thing that happened with her led me through such a strange and profound journey that was compelled to write it down, despite the simple, desperate motivation that began my journey.  
So, I sit here at my laptop, and our tale begins in Atlanta circa 2003, with a text message from my past-girlfriend, Holly the redhead.


One


	I was working at a magazine in Atlanta that year in May, not too far out of college, as an assistant editor, in fact – a job more grandiose in title than in reality.  It was a car magazine but I knew nothing about cars.  What I did know was that my father, the big shot lawyer, got me the job because he was a partner with the corporate counsel for Gannett Publishing, a company that owned that car magazine, and pretty much every major magazine in the east coast. 
	I was broke after I graduated with no real prospects of my own, and I had majored in English Literature after all…  So I considered myself lucky to have any kind of job awaiting me at all.  
My three interests in life were, in no particular order: reading good books, playing guitar and piano, and being outside.  At the time I was deciding upon college, I had read great works of literature, played in a few bands, and spend some wondrously peaceful times in the woods.  That was what was in my mind as I pondered the list of college majors available.   I knew I was in trouble from the start.
And as I pondered over my options back then I realized I was not dedicated or desperate enough with the music life to chuck all my hopes and dreams into a band van and tour around for years, perpetually trying to “make it” – too uncertain, too gritty a life.  And as for the outdoors… could I be a park ranger like a watered-down cop or some kind of botanist… dendrologist? (I had to look that up).  No, not those strange sounding and ill-defined in my mind careers, they just seemed to taint the very enjoyment of the outdoors that I cherished.  Bringing a paycheck into those Garden of Eden, as it were, seemed a bad move.  Thus, English it was.  
So when my father’s deep voice – the big-time attorney voice that had years ago become his only voice – boomed out from my phone, calling from his golf trip in Arizona (talking over the noise of the golf course patio bar at which he was no doubt sitting at all day with his old buddies drinking leisurely and steadily) and when offered to “set me up at Gannett,” almost saying it as an afterthought (which it may have well been since he hadn’t been involved in my life in any real way since I was nine and he had stopped coming home on the weekends), I accepted readily enough.  I accepted my father’s offer as he sat at the patio with a tentative “that sounds good…” part statement and part question. 
This job at that magazine, that shall remain nameless, but that is still in print and is one of those that displays on its glossy cover pictures of heaving, hulking, power-overdosed cars and trucks with sexy, exotic, model girls in provocative poses draped here and there and all over the hoods and trunks, would begin in the morning with me sitting down at a grey metal and glass desk in a little office with glass walls on one side that looked out over Atlanta. 


The first day I had moved into that office I was surprised to find myself in a state of a surprised excitement – a new job with my own office!  Big title and sexy magazine!   No idea what was expected of me, but cautiously optimistic nonetheless!   I was surprised by these feelings as I sat down at my new desk that first day – I had gotten up that morning with only a sense of impending dread filling my heart as I steeled myself to start my uncertain career.  But excited I was as I sat down at my desk, the smell of new plastic and metal filling my senses.  Also, on my first day the tech guys had unpacked a brand new Apple desktop computer from its box and Styrofoam peanuts and set it up on my new desk with my new chair – I had enjoyed that sensation as well.  
But it wasn’t long, unfortunately, until the glimmer left my eye and the pep in my step down those halls faded into a resentful and reluctant stalk, under the monolithic weight of the daily office grind – it probably took only a week, in fact.  I don’t care what kind of work you do, even in some hyper-creative, artsy, free-wheeling, wild ass-slapping job you may take, if it’s in an office building, if you have the same desk you have to sit at every hour of every day, and if you see and hear the same people in the same places saying the same things every day, you will find your soul slowly shrinks down to a dried, hard, little stone.  I promise.
So my bright and shiny new job and that pleasing sense of excitement quickly developed into a grey monotony for me.  I’d look at myself in the bathroom mirror certain mornings, see a fairly good looking, tall, thin figure with a shock of brown hair sticking up from  my head pre-shower, and wonder what I was doing with my life. 
A sample of a typical day would be thus: I would kind of lose focus for the first half hour or so after getting to the office, I would daydream, then half-heartedly check the papers on my desk, check out my emails, fumble with this document or that file, check my phone messages for a bit.  It was all about slowly adjusting.  Like a deep-sea diver has to immerse himself in a steady descent and return ascent through the cold depths to avoid deadly internal disarray, my psyche would require time each morning, and then each evening, to slowly adjust to the fact that I was going to be in that room for eight hours, or so, or later, that I had just spent eight hours in that room, or so.
Eventually I would shake off my daze, and force myself to stare at list of files on my monitor for a few minutes, files that would appear for me each morning to download and edit, and then turn over to my managing editor.  These were stories submitted from our roving, loosely-affiliated team of freelance writers that went to all of the major car shows, trade shows and racing events in the country.  They would then write and submit to me their stores for each magazine edition.  I would open these files on my computer, print them out because I could never read anything accurately on a monitor, then review and edit the article with the editing software we had (and by old-fashioned eyeballing for grammar errors) to clear up any mistakes and make the stories read better.  Then I’d email them to the managing editor above me, who would do the same.  
The file would then travel to Mr. John Jeffries, senior editor, who would give the articles a final once over before sending it to be plugged into a layout by the graphic designers.  And like that another edition is born and sent out into the world.
	That was essentially my job, at least 80% of it.  The rest was talking on the phone with the freelancers trying to track down their stories for deadlines, and working with the art department (a saving grace for my creative mind) to get images for each article that made sense based on the stories.  The stories mostly had to do with some new part that would make an air-intake function quieter and make a manifold run colder, or create more torque on the back end to avoid burn outs, etc.  
	
So this was my job and I hated being there after one week.  Every morning, as I sat at my desk adjusting to the my descent into the deep, when I looked at the writers’ names on the articles lists, and saw where they were emailing the articles from, California, Utah, Florida, Mexico, Italy – all the car and racing hotspots – my lethargy would be suddenly spiced up with a simmering envy and bitter depression.  Just the term “freelance” made me envious, made me feel like I was in the wrong career bound to my desk as I scanned articles for mistakes.  I would often sit back in my grey-blue, plastic, swivel chair and swivel 180 degrees to stare out the large window I had in my office (thank God) that overlooked downtown, at these times of lethargy/envy/depression, and I’d think about these writers, the Free Lancers. 
Getting paid to do what the hell they liked… I would ponder this freedom they enjoyed during those long, grey days in my office, as I slowly swiveled myself back and forth in my grey-blue, plastic, office swivel chair.  There were so many window-watching mornings and afternoons that I remember being embarrassingly caught a few times gazing out into the distance.  
	And not just them, I had always been talented enough at guitar and piano to be in and out of bands over years, mostly in my college days, as I mentioned.  And some of the guys I played with had never given up their dream, and were still struggling to make it in the music business, uncompromising, putting all their eggs in that one basket – even if it meant teaching guitar at some rinky-dink guitar shop, or waiting tables, or driving a brown UPS truck around.  
One of them I knew had recently chucked it all up and moved penniless to Austin, and was still playing weekly open mikes – for nothing.   Yet another has just went to Nashville, and started working during the day as a painter – of houses, not canvases.  But he was still nobly, un-deviated from the path of his dreams.  In fact both of these friends of mine were suffering but could suffer proudly, with dignity.  
I had certainly “deviated” at bit, I realized as I sat swiveled over to my window view on grey mornings.  Every day in my little office was becoming a wasted, blank day.  
So I would lose focus and drift, down into the deep sea depths, adjusting to the pressure and change, to make it through the day.  Staring out the window helped… watching the distant cars speeding down the highway cutting through the city, and looking farther past the city, farther out into the rolling green hills north of the skyline.  I longed to be out of that building, past those tall city buildings, and into the distant light-blue forested hills, lost, wild, and…. 
	SMACK! Linda, my managing editor, tossed a stack of papers on my desk with a loud and exaggerated sigh.  Linda must have weighed about 400-pounds back then, with the blotchy red face and squinting eyes of a morbidly obese woman.  She was a big, flabby mess; and she would often savagely intrude my daydreams at just the worst moments, routinely giving me a horrible shock to my system.  
This particular morning, she was at this moment pointing at our magazine’s last edition that was on the top of the stack on my desk.  “Will,” she said, “you certainly missed a few things in the last edition that John wants me to point out to you – and he’s pissed!”  Linda had a strange way of talking in that she would emphasize certain words at odd times, which made her sound like she was always saying something crucially important.   
As I listened to her I knew that John Jeffries would not be pissed because I had never seen him get pissed over anything, especially a few missed edits here and there.  He barely ever read our magazine; he cared primarily about readership numbers: our “circulation.”  
But everything was a disaster to her Linda, everything was crucial. 
 “What’d I miss?” I asked, shrugging my shoulders and staring at my computer monitor.
Linda flipped the magazine open with a flourish and jammed a thick finger onto one of the pages. “Right here, you missed a comma and you don’t have a closing quotation at the end!”
Linda’s voice was rough and throaty from having to be forced out of her giant bulk of a torso.  Also, worst of all, she always slathered on this hand lotion she had that smelled sharply sour and always remained in the room after she left, like a toxic cloud.  Everything about her repelled me; my soul always dried up a little and a part of it flaked off like flint just having her in my office.  
“John is seriously pissed off, and said I gotta make sure it doesn’t happen again!”  She raised her eyebrows high and jerked a thumb back towards John’s office.  
	I still hadn’t looked at her but I was fake-typing and kept my eyes on the screen.  I felt enormously depressed having Linda stare down at me, her big flowery dress billowing around her like a spent parachute caught in the wind.  That lotion cloud…  
“Yea well, won’t happen again,” I muttered.
	She wouldn’t leave so I finally looked up at her.  I felt absolutely no enthusiasm to defend myself to her, though; I just wanted her gone from my sight.  After an increasingly tense silence, I said to her in a flat, grim voice, “I’m sorry Linda, won’t happen again – I had a lot going on that day that I working on this one.”  And PLEASE JUST LEAVE!  
 She frowned at me, raised her eyebrows as if in warning – her eyebrows were pencil thin, and with her breathing and her parachute dress and her shifting eyebrows she stared down at me.  
“Well what’s the problem here?” she rasped. “Why did you miss such obvious mistakes…”  
I tuned out the rest of her heaving voice and typed meaningless words again on the screen.  But it kept going; she was in rare form that morning – even for her.  When I couldn’t take anymore I suddenly slammed my fist down on the desk, almost involuntarily, and she stopped and gaped at me.  
She almost spoke again, but then with a worried expression she finally turned around muttering something about professionalism and standards, heaving her bulk into the hall and rolling off, no doubt looking for something else crucial.
I let go a long, long sigh, and my head slowly sank to my chest.  This can’t be what I was meant for, I thought.  Is this where you end up if you love reading the classics?? Do those damn Free Lancers have ‘Lindas’ to deal with?  
Worst of all, and ironically, I actually felt a little guilty about my hatred of Linda, too, not only because of the disgust she brought out in me, which was not altogether deserved, and of which I was always ashamed, but also because for all her blustering, her heaving bulk, her terrible “people skills,” she was just doing her job, and was actually a good editor, and even a good writer.  She had shown me some of her work in fiction when I had started the job – in those few heady early days in my office – and her writing was good, with a kind of intensity to it.  
It was all a very bad business, this whole mess of a job in Atlanta, a very bad business indeed.
	That morning after Linda left, I finally began editing my first article of the day, something about new, nitrogen-powered, off-road shocks for jeeps.  None of the words made any sense to me though, and the pictures of the parts could have been parts of some alien spaceship for all I comprehended.  
As I printed out the article I wondered about John Jeffries, my true boss at the magazine.  As I mentioned, I wasn’t worried about him firing me – he would never let me go, no matter how bad it got, at least I didn’t think he would.  This was not just because he didn’t really care about the articles in the magazine, and not just because of my father was (and that was part of it), but because Jeffries had been building me up as some kind of pet project.  He knew I plainly didn’t like my job, and he was, for some reason, intent on making “a publisher out of me,” as he often said.  I think he simply just liked me, just liked me being there at the magazine, and I think he probably felt like it was his fault for some reason that I had lost my feel for the job, like a salesman seeing interest dying in a customer’s eyes, like a father who realizes his son is bored with their camping trip.
John was constantly giving me special projects to work on, articles to work over that he thought I’d like, some “cool stuff” to “exercise my literary muscles.”   But the attention was wasted on me, and I didn’t have the heart to tell him.  
So it came down to this, I told myself that morning as I stared at my keyboard: I was simply not meant to edit – but to create!  To give something to other people to edit, be it music, writing, something was what I needed…  That’s what I believed, and the belief grew and smoldered every day.  
I had only been there a few months and I already felt like I had wasted years in the wrong life, like I had was missing out on some fabulous life somewhere else – and “missing out” is a feeling I never have been able to stand – not for long.  I simply had to get out of that job, out of that business, once and for all.  

Later after Linda left I went to lunch at a nearby deli that I frequented.   I sat down to eat a plate of my favorite dish there - the Greek pasta salad - and set my cell phone on the table.  It was then that I saw a text from Holly, the redhead, my sweet little girlfriend who I had been dating for three years now, and who at that time was my one solace in an otherwise grey existence, this bad business of mine.  
	I was in love with my little redheaded girlfriend.  She had a wonderfully eccentric personality – she was an art student who was also studying to be an art teacher.  She lived at that time in Savannah, about three hours away, so we had been doing long-distance dating for a while, but she was about to graduate and move.
One thing that was cool about her was that she had grown up in a weird family out on a farm and this gave her a weirdness that was enduring, charming, wholly unique, simple and different, and fun.  Her mother was this oddball who worked at Walmart and who had given birth to all nine of Holly’s siblings, yes, nine, at home without a doctor or any drugs.  It made Holly one of a kind.
She was young but well-read, well-traveled, funny, and loved to do the stuff I loved to do.  She was also sexy – had a long, flowing, thick mass of scarlet hair, that kind of white marble-like skin redheads have, and grey-green eyes that always glinted with freshness and happiness.  She was not a model type by any means, but was very pretty in her own unique way, as redhead girls who are pretty always are.  There are no two redheads on this planet that look alike, I have found, and after dating her I realized I had become somewhat of an expert on redheads.   I didn’t know at the time sitting with my salad at the deli, however, that I was never to see those eyes again – and my days of being an expert all things redheaded were about to be over.
Her text came as I took a bite of pasta, and I stopped chewing when I read: “We have to talk.”  


Two


A kind of cold feeling struck my chest when I read that.  I stared at the little electronic letters, so tiny but pregnant with meaning, a sense of dread coming over me.  I knew that this phrase had never preceded anything good, and I immediately guessed what the cause was.  We were planning on moving in together in a month and I had signed a lease on a nice place near downtown just last week.  But I had been harboring a feeling that she was going to say she couldn’t move in with me because of her parents or something, and that she was going to be living elsewhere next year, which worried me.  There was an age difference of a few years, and I was starting to worry that she may have been unhappy with me, that I wasn’t young and crazy enough for her.   
I had detected lately a kind of cooling-off in her, a slight change in her voice.  All of the stubbornly shoved-away suspicious I had avoided, though, suddenly roared back into my conscious mind as I stared at her text.
I immediately called her number and she picked up after a few rings.  I could tell just from her “hello” that something was different; her voice was now contained, held back, some of the light had dimmed in her voice.
	“What’s up baby?” I asked, a little constrained now myself, wary, automatically readying my defenses.  I pictured her cute little face against her phone, her hair pushed back behind her ears.   
	“Hey Will.  I need to talk to you… about Tennessee.”    
My mind suddenly jumped to issue of our road trip that we had planned in the Smokey’s, and the cabin rental I had secured.  This trip I had set up with another couple who were supposed to meet us there was a big deal for me.  I loved going up into those mountains and I knew Holly would love it too.  We were supposed to leave a couple of days later, to drive out to the cabin.  
“What about it?” I asked. 
	“I don’t think I should go.”  She paused...
Boom… Like a bomb had gone off over the phone line.  Any other time I would have assumed that some school-related thing had come up or something trivial would prevent the trip, something like that… But those recent, subtle, damnable, nagging suspicions had been telling me something wasn’t right – that cold sense of fear crept further up in my chest, gripping my ribcage tight.     
	What was worse, and what she didn’t know was that the trip was more than just a weekend getaway for me.  I had secretly bought an engagement ring and was planning on proposing to her at this cabin I had found.  I had never proposed to a girlfriend before in my life, never really had come close to it before.  So I had been thrilled and scared all at once the last couple of weeks at the prospect of asking her to marry me.  
And this was much more than just being a huge milestone for a young man after college, getting married to Holly was really the only thing I had to look forward to currently in my life at that point.  It was the only good thing, the only happy situation, I had.  The only thing that made sense, that felt “right.”
	I returned to the conversation on the phone, doubt and fear growing with each passing minute.  “Why can’t you go?” I asked.
There was a pause that seemed to last forever.  I looked around at the crowd eating near me, at little tables here and there, but my thoughts existed only within that little plastic phone.  
“I just don’t think I should go.  I… think we need to back off, Will, and I don’t think we should get too far… get farther in our relationship,” she said.   Her voice was very quiet, so constrained that I pressed the phone hard against my ear as I felt my heart sink further.    There it was, now out in the open, no more guessing, no more wondering.  Open and ugly in front of me.
A long silent pause, then, still quietly, “I don’t think I can continue doing what we’re doing…” she said. “It’s complicated.  And I need to tell you…”  A long pause.  “I’ve been kind of hanging out with Jonathan more…”  
She faltered… I could hear tears forming in her tone.  Jonathan.   That South American guy, the swarthy, lithe young man who was studying in the same program as her – the skinny, tan dude with the scrabbly beard.  I had distrusted him from the start!  She studied with him, and she had been coaching soccer with him.   She had only known him a semester, and had first described him as “like a brother to me,” and she was always aware that I didn’t like him being around her.  
But after a little while she had stopped talking about him, and that worried me more.  The two of them had started out as study partners in a group, then study partners not in a group, then friends, then good friends, and now…  All the while I didn’t like him, but I had never asked or told Holly to stop seeing him.  I should have.
	“I know you’re at lunch Will,” Holly continued, “and this is all out of nowhere, but baby I didn’t want you to pack everything up for the trip until we could talk.  I didn’t want to come out and say it like this… you must think I’m crazy…”  
I could hear her crying, sniffling, wiping tears away for a moment, a sleeve ruffling over the phone’s mouthpiece, then returning to the phone, “I don’t know, I’m losing my mind, Will.  I just know it’s not right, us being together.  It’s not meant to be… I… Let’s just talk tonight, I’m sorry….” Then she hung up.   	
	She had faltered in her explanation, but I could feel what she meant.  I knew her hanging up like that was out of embarrassment and panic, not just the tears.  She was young like I said and still sometimes showed a bit of the tentative, awkward youth in her mannerisms from time to time, in her way of speaking.  But that had charmed me all the more early on.  
I set the phone down on the deli table and stared at the blank screen.  Thoughts raced through my mind: Jonathan, him over at her apartment, that smile, Holly crying on the other end, my ring I bought, the cabin, my friends who would be meeting us, all the history with Holly, my love for her, marriage, a new life together, her face... her sweet voice.  Is it over?
	
I looked at my watch and saw that I was already late back at the office.  It was greatly frowned upon not to be at your desk at all expected times at the magazine, especially by Linda, who was a natural-born clock-watcher.  I looked grimly down at my unfinished salad; just thinking about walking back into that office made me want to turn the table over and throw my beloved pasta salad against the wall.   
	I just sat dumbfounded.  How could she just end it like that?  Where the hell was the discussion, the debate, the talking about it?  We typically told each other ‘I love you’ about three times a day; and we go from that to… me sitting alone at a deli looking at my phone.  
Damn that South American, and damn Holly and her youthfully awkward, bad, abortive breakup attempt.  We didn’t even discuss it.  I wanted to drive up to see her and tell her how I felt, and then bust that guy’s teeth out.  That big, tan, toothy smile of his...
I looked up in bewilderment at the other patrons at the deli milled around or sat eating like it was any other day, like nothing unusual or different had just happened.  
Can I call her back and fix this?  Should I call her back, try to reason with her – should I do it now, or tonight? 	I picked up the phone and called her number again, but no answer.  I then decided to wait to call her again that evening.  I slowly backed my chair from the table, stood up, threw away the half-eaten food, and made my way out the door of the deli and down the street.  I need to convince her to slow down, to go on the trip with me, and we can work it out.  I thought about what I would say that night as I walked out.  I was jerked between sudden anger and sudden sadness, loss and rage.  Definitely the worst lunch I’ve had ever had.
When I was almost to the office building I looked up at the grey steel pillars and glass towering above me, and suddenly turned and walked quickly across the street and into the parking deck where my car was.  I was barely thinking about what I was doing, moving more by instinct and desire than thought, but I just had to not be in that office.  
I got in the car, without thinking of any destination, and I started it up and drove out of the parking lot, not glancing at my building again.  I pictured my fabric and plastic chair conspicuously empty, Linda walking by and sticking her head in my office in curiosity and suspicion.  The image left me with an unsettled feeling, but I drove faster down avenue. 



Three


	I figured after a few minutes that I could just go home and call Holly back again, from a place with privacy, on my own turf, really talk this out.  I’d also have to call in sick, blaming the Greek pasta salad or something...  But as I drove, my friend Scott Dreymond called out of the blue, calling from a tiki bar down the street from where I lived called Coco Joe’s.   
I decided without any hesitation to go immediately there and meet him, even though it was at a bar, at noon, on a Monday.   Maybe he could advise me on what to do about Holly.  He was calling to talk about the cabin trip, I expected – he and his girlfriend were the other couple.
	My friend Scott was a very old friend of mine, and was a drug addict and a drunk, but he was a good friend, loyal and trustworthy to me and to hardly anyone else… maybe just his girlfriend and me, if not to anyone else in the entire world.  His family didn’t trust him, his coworkers didn’t trust him, but I did 100% and had always stuck by him through the good times and bad – and there were some very bad times with him.  
He was perpetually unemployed, lurching from one drunken episode to the next, sometimes with lots of money and sometimes without, and only surviving by the inexhaustible patience and mercy of his grandmother who lived someplace in Florida at a rich retirement community, and who supported him by depositing money in his account on a semi-regular basis.  He was her only grandchild and she poured all her hopes and adoration on him, like a lonely dog-lover pampering a vicious, dirty mongrel.  
Scott, when he did work, was actually a fantastic salesman, and he was currently, at least for that week, an advertising salesman, selling yellow page book ads to local companies.  When he worked for more than a few months he made a lot of money, but he was perpetually in between jobs.  
He had always been unsteady since I had met him in high school, and then roomed with him at college, but lately his life had been spiraling out of control.  Only in his late 20s, he had already had a home foreclosed upon, and had already filed a personal bankruptcy, losing two Porches and a ski boat in the process.   He had also already been married and divorced, and the divorce had been publicly vicious and ugly, and massively expensive, which had started his latest spiral.  In the past he focused on pills, weed and booze, but Scott was mainly only drinking very heavily these days, and he had gotten into some legal trouble few months ago with a felony DUI.   
He and I had been best friends for years, but life was drifting us apart, slowly, inexorably, which saddened me.  The drift was more to do with his having gotten married, bought a large house, making lots of money for a time, rather than because of his drugs or boozing.  All of those adult milestones were all things that I did not have or had not obtained, and all things that tended to settle a person down and change a person permanently.  He had always partied too hard, of course, but it was his success and large moves that actually changed him.  
I, in the alternative, remained unsettled, unanchored by possessions and family; and he was going the other way, albeit drunkenly.   Thus, it was his periods of financial success and excess more than the boozing, whoring and drugs that had started to separate us.  Strange but true.  
But now, now that he was in one of his downward spirals, now we were bonding together again, re-welding the parts of our deep friendship together anew, perhaps in mutual despair and drifting unstableness – but welding nonetheless.   I have found that the best, truest, and strongest friendships are built from the ashes of common disasters, shared sins and mutual flaws, rather than simple interests.
Brooke, the girl he was going to bring on the camping trip, was a recent acquisition from a yoga class he sometimes went to.  She was 20 – a really hot, little, dark-haired thing.  Despite his extremes, his excess and instability, his irrational decisions, people really liked him, usually, and he had a talent for making people feel very comfortable around him.  It was a gift, which some people have, and which a lot of good salesmen naturally have, and he had it.  And when you saw him it was almost always with a little sense of joyful expectancy, even if in your last conversation nothing particularly joyful had occurred.  He just had… energy, and he and I had always understood each other’s personalities and sense of humor.  That’s what we had.  
Lately I had grown more worried about him; I worried that he wouldn’t be able to pull himself back out of this spiral this time.  He seemed worse than usual.  And I worried, as I drove up to Coco Joe’s that soon it may finally be the end for him, that he’d finally end up in a psych ward or killing himself or something, and I didn’t know what to do about it.

I walked into the dimly lit wooden-walled tavern still shaken from my call with Holly, still enormously worried, but now also searching for Scott with a familiar apprehension.  The bar was decorated kind of half-heartedly like a tropical beach hut, but failing to fully remove the Irish-pub feel of the last bar that was there.  Faint markings of the Irish flag above the dart boards could be seen in the right light, a ghostly shadow of a crucifix faded on the wall was visible, a certain Guinness-stained look to the wooden bar surface all created a contradictory, schizophrenic mixture to the feel of the place.  
I walked in and passed the live parrot that the owner always kept by the bar, apparently in one last desperate and questionable attempt to sway the atmosphere towards the cheerful and tropic.  Down at the end of the bar I could see Scott, slumping forward on a stool and talking with the bartender.  The bartender was Steve, an older, moody guy who kept to himself mostly.   Scott kept pointing purposefully to his watch as he talked to Steve, I noticed, and I overheard as I walked over something about “decency” and “society.”  I already knew what he was talking about.
	“… So that’s why it shouldn’t be strange to see someone drinking at noon, Steve…”  Scott nodded quickly at me and looked back to the bartender.  “It’s actually the more appropriate time to be drinking…”  
	Scott was wearing a blue blazer sport coat and khaki pants, with leather loafers.  This was then a business day for him.  He was a good looking guy overall, on the short side but with a firm build and sandy-blonde hair.  We contrasted, with my tall and lean frame.
“Uh huh.” Steve grunted as he carved up limes, only half listening.
	“Will,” Scott addressed me like I had already been in on the conversation for a while, “don’t you agree that people can handle alcohol better during daytime hours?  I was just explaining to our buddy Steve here that people can’t handle our booze at night, none of us can, not when our bodies are tired and starting to shut down – it’s the worst time to drink actually.”  
I had heard him make this point at least a dozen times before: bucking the taboos of society, particularly in respect to booze.  Partly it was a joke to him, but he meant it also to a troubling degree.
He picked up his glass of wine and turned it this way and that in the dim light, something he always did with wine, as if casually inspecting its ambient quality, even though he didn’t really know anything about fine wines; it was just something he liked to do for the look of it.
 “But have a little snort in the morning…” He shot a gulp of wine and then set the glass down. “Or at lunch, and you have the whole day to burn it off.  At night you come down and sleep like a baby – better than a baby.”  
He had set the glass down a little too hard and Steve glared at him for a moment, then glanced over at me with a warning look.  
“And no hangover,” Scott murmured to the wine glass. 
	“Yea, well it’s 12:30 and you’re already drunk,” I said, “so I don’t think your theory has any hope.  Let’s chat a minute.”  I pulled him over to a nearby table.  I ordered myself a beer, despite what I preached; but I felt kind of justified in drinking a little from what I had been through already that morning.   
“Holly broke up with me,” I said as we sat down. “I think…”
Scott’s sluggish expression was first of surprise and then doubt. “What do you mean, ‘you think’?”  he said grumpily.
I told him about the conversation with Holly, how it hit me as soon as I heard her voice, that something was vastly different.  I told him about Jonathan.
His face slowly changed.  He always grew worried when he saw me depressed.   I think it was because I was supposed to be a kind of life raft for him, someone to hold onto to stay afloat; someone who he knew he could count on when worse came to worse.  He had his grandmother in Florida, but she wouldn’t be around forever.  Scott knew about my plans to propose, but he also knew Holly had been worrying me lately.
“Don’t overreact,” Scott said, taking a sip of the last of his wine.
He motioned to Steve for more by pointing at my glass and then his.  “She’s just got cold feet – probably has picked up on the fact that you’re proposing or something – she’s young and she really acts like it sometimes.”
	“No she’s ending it.  You didn’t hear her voice.” I shook my head slowly, looking around the empty bar.  I was trying to think of a way to convey to him this new rising feeling of loss and anger and loneliness I was experiencing right there in front of him, but what could I say?
“I knew this was coming,” I said.  “Something told me … something about her changed at some point.”
Scott was nodding slightly.  He seemed to be listening still, which was a good sign, not too drunk.  I tried to keep talking but then I gave up and just frowned down into my beer.  The drinks came from Steve and he plopped down bowl of unshelled peanuts between us.
Scott picked one up and crushed it in his fist.
“Well?” he asked, “what are you going to do about it?”
I pictured the way Holly always bounced up and down and smiled at me happily when I came to her door after driving to see her – it was my favorite image of her.  She was always such a fresh charge of joy for me, like refilling my cup when I was dead thirsty, each and every time.  I felt myself tearing up all of a sudden – there in that ridiculous bar at 12:30 pm on a Monday.
Scott and I were not the type of guys to cry and carry on in front of each other, even as close as we were, so I fought back the tears and took a big gulp of the beer.
I swirled the beer slowly in my glass.  “She just up and said that we were done, so sudden, not a half hour ago, man… broke my heart…” I trailed off.
Guys talking about emotions with each other is usually done only with slight hints, embarrassed and sarcastic wisecracks, indirect suggestions, rarely the pouring out of your heart that many women do so well.  It’s always this awkward dancing around the real feelings with men, always a show of cynical bravado amidst the pain.  But Scott’s next question took me by surprise.
“Will?  I been thinkin’” he swirled the wine in his glass.  “What do you want out of this life?”  He said it with such a strange voice, with a quiet, almost embarrassed conviction that I looked up at him.  Conviction was something rare for him.
“You hate your fuckin’ job,” he said, holding one finger up, “you hate this town,” a second finger, “and you hate your life,” third finger. “You’re gonna hate Holly soon.” Fourth finger.
“I’ll never hate her,” I responded.  
“So,” he said, ignoring me and closing his fingers, dramatically making a fist and shaking it in front of my face, “what would make you happy then, in this screwed-up world?  Really? What would make you happy?”  He put it to me like a challenge.
“Where’s all this coming from?” I asked him. “Is this all from that weird motivational speaker your parents sent you too in Orlando?”
“Answer the question, if you can,” he said with a half-smile, shaking his head, “hell, if you even know.”
 “What do I want?” I asked.  “I don’t know.”  
I paused and thought about it a moment.  I looked back at him, a strange conviction fighting to surpass the pain and loss in my heart.  It was difficult to put into words what that arising feeling exactly was (difficult for a guy to say it at least) but I did my best.  
 “I… I want to get what I want!” I stammered, glancing around the completely empty bar and nonetheless lowering my voice.  “And I want the girl of my dreams waiting at home for me, in a big house, and I want that house to be in a place that I like, where I’m happy, that’s what I want...”
Scott looked down with a smirk on his face and grabbed some peanuts, spilling some on the table.  “You need to get more specific than that, buddy,” he said, “if you want to get anywhere in this life.”  
Ironic it was that Scott, of all people, was trying to be my life coach – my drunken, usually-unemployed, erratic motivational speaker who veered back and forth between the six-figure jobs and the bar stool.  But then again he had already lived twice of my lifetimes.  But then again he had me meet him at Coco Joe’s without a shred of embarrassment.  
But he was sincere about what he had just said, I could tell that much.  He spoke in sarcasm perpetually, but behind it I knew he was as invested in my being happy as I was – he needed my life to be working out, as the only life raft for him to hold onto. 
I took a big sip of my beer and sat forward, looking at him, trying to find the words to spell out some kind of a feeling that was I had been carrying around inside me all morning.  My face felt hot and my throat hurt as I swallowed down more feelings.
“There has to be more than this for me, for us,” I said. “Don’t you think, Scott?”
He shook his head, “No.”  
But I pressed on.  “I just want to be someplace where I feel like… like I’m not missing out on something, you know?  I fucking feel like I’m missing out on everything now, man, and I want to be in a place where that feeling stops.”
“And it’s not here,” Scott said, pointing a finger down on the table we were at, and then draining his wine.  He looked back at me.  “Everyone feels like that you know.”
“Not like this,” I said, my voice constricted.  Regret filled my heart as I thought of all I had said.
It was pretty much what most people felt, Scott was right, but to the same degree that I was feeling right now?  Was the whole world so sick and disappointed, so angry?
“You’re just stuck in the moment, overreacting,” Scott said.
No.  Holly saying what she had said just woke up what was already slumbering inside me, and she woke it up with a vengeance.  I thought, as I sat there in Coco Joe’s, of other girls I had loved before Holly that hadn’t worked out.  I thought of other things I had tried so hard to get or to accomplish over the years: music, sports… a kind of… specialness.
I thought of loss and disappointment, of past faces and images, and goals, of bitter memories and embarrassing things.  I was quickly spiraling into a worsening depression, sitting at that table at Coco Joe’s, and I was supposed to be the life raft!  Who could I hang on to now that a storm had truly come for me?  Didn’t I need a life raft?
From out of the storm clouds Scott said, “So what you want is Montana.” 

He smiled at me as he said that, with a slight sarcasm in his voice, but this “Montana” thing was an old joke between us.  The joke existed because I had announced, more often than not in desperation and more than once to him over many years that I was “moving to Montana.”
I really had in fact always been obsessed with Montana since I was young and had travelled through parts of the state on Boy Scout trip.  After seeing my camping trip slide show pictures after returning, I was hooked and was thereafter obsessed with what I imagined to be the visceral struggle and the harsh majesty of living up there year round – Eden-like summers, hellish winters in the harsh and beautiful Rockies.
Montana had fascinated me ever since that boyhood trip, living in the mountains, living wild and free; and it had become of kind religious mantra of mine when things got bad – that I would soon be “moving to Montana;” a kind of “screw this place!” statement.   It was funny also because it was so damn far from Georgia.
My worship and cult-life reverence for Montana was further engrained in me when I was in college and saw the movie Legends of the Fall, with Brad Pitt.  After watching that I had decided right there, in the theatre, that I was going to live in the remote and majestic mountains in Montana and start up a ranch, somehow, someway, or at least get some kind of job up there.  I had even looked at jobs there my senior year, teaching English Lit in high school, and had even applied to work on a ranch.  I spent time studying maps that semester, working out where the best land was to buy, and what the state law required in terms of ranch operation and land management.  But the grind of reality and distractions of the present had slowing caused that feverish obsession to fade – not slowly, actually, it had quickly faded that senior year like a candle in a jar puffing out into smoke – faded into a joke. 
The practicalities of life had slowly extinguished the ember of that childhood dream in the ensuing years, and my obsession had been whittled away to a mere nostalgic regret, to a mere joke to be uttered in a dive bar in Atlanta on a Monday afternoon.
“I don’t know,” I said with a frown.  “I’m just sick of it all, sick of wasting my time.”
Even as I said this, I knew it sounded whiney, self-pitying, but I couldn’t now stop once I had gotten started, not after this morning, not after Holly’s scare, not after this grind in which I felt trapped.  These feelings were actually growing more intense within me as each second passed as I sat with Scott.  I didn’t care if I sounded “woe is me.”  I had never felt this level of dismay before, dismay bordering on a rage, and it was starting to scare me.
I raised a finger back at Scott now.  “There was my making it in music,” I raised a second, “my publishing a novel…”  
Scott took a gulp of wine, not looking at me, as I continued. 
“My working on a ranch in Montana,” third finger, “my marrying a beautiful girl,” a fourth finger slowly raised.
“God ENOUGH!”  Scott suddenly slammed his hand on the table loudly, nearly knocking it over as the glasses shook and spilled over.   Steve looked up quickly from the bar, frowning again.  
“Fuck all that!” Scott said angrily, his speech slurring slightly.  “Fuck this defeatist bullshit, man.  That’s not you Will.  You aren’t that type of person.  Go out and fucking get it – if you want it.  If you got the balls.”  
He looked closely at me, as if seeing something strange in my eyes.  “Where’s the guy that put off college to tour in a band, against his asshole father’s express orders not to, who ended up playing on stage with R.E.M.?” he asked.  “Where’s the guy that fucked his college Shakespeare professor even though she was married and her husband is a well-known cop?”  He looked around the bar theatrically as if looking for “that guy.” 
Both of those stories about me were true, and Scott was always mentioning them when I got down, but it didn’t necessarily make me feel any better as he catalogued them.  But then Scott looked back at me and grew serious, leaning towards me. 
“And where’s the guy who talked me off the ledge that day, missing his college graduation ceremony to do it?” 
I did feel something as he said that; that story was the darkest time in Scott’s dark life. He was going to kill himself, the only time I had seen him try it.  He had taken an entire bottle of Paxil and drank a half a liter of Vodka by the time I found him.  H had sent me a bitter and heart-wrenching farewell via text, which I got right before the start of my college graduation ceremony, with my father in the audience, gowns and hats on and everything.
It was so disturbing that I got up from my row immediately, stepping past all my seated classmates, and I called 911 as I ran to my car and drove off to where he was.  The next thing I knew I was on his bathroom floor, my graduation gown still on, tears in my eyes, making him puke with my finger down his throat as he lay on my lap, half dead, yelling at him to wake up.
He was put in a psych ward for two weeks after that.  They made him wear pajamas and told him when he had to go to sleep at night.  Just thinking of him there still jarred me.
I did not like to think of that day at all and Scott never mentioned it either, until that day in the bar, when I had pretty much lost my way.  He brought up that terrible moment, his darkest, most embarrassing moment, the moment he looked the most foolish, desperate and crazy.  And he brought it up to shock me back into life.  I loved him for things like that.  He did stuff like that sometimes.
I didn’t know what to say after he said that, so I said nothing and just looked back at him.  
He continued. “Will, you don’t need to stay here if you don’t want to.”  He meant Atlanta.  “You can do anything you want.  There is a huge world out there, and you have what it takes to make it anywhere.”
“And you know what?” He leaned forward again, holding my attention. “You are lucky.”
 “How so?” I asked.
“You haven’t ever made any real mistakes, not yet, not like me,” he said.  “I had everything before, as you know, and I lost it all.  I’ll have it all again I know, but I’ll probably piss all that away too again.  You, however, went from childhood to school, from school to work, and from work to home, without really fucking anything up.  You’re untainted, man.  You can do anything you want.”
I thought this over, and marveled, not for the first time, at Scott’s erratic philosophy of life – a mix of a reckless, kind of “fuck it” fatalism, and a stubborn, hopeful, bullet-proof optimism, all rolled in together into a person who defied labeling.
 “And as for Holly…” he continued, his voice slurring slightly, he crushed a peanut shell in his hand as if to emphasis his point, “man, she wasn’t the one for you.  Don’t you see that?”
I just sat in silence, wondering if what he was saying was in fact true.
He shook his head, “No, you don’t.”
I was about to respond but he wasn’t finished.  “And you should remember one thing.  You have the entire world out there,” he pointed a finger back toward the window covered with blinds which dimly let some light in. “A whole planet that you can take on.  You have nothing at all holding you back.  Nothing.  I wish I had your freedom.  You could go anywhere.”
He drained the last of the wine.  “You not being a part of anything, means you got nothing to keep you here, nothing keeping you.  
You can go anywhere,” he repeated quietly.

Scott had a little girl with his ex-wife, a sweet little girl of two years old, named McKenzie.  She had some serious heart valve issue that was constantly worrying him and that needed continual and costly medical care.  But Scott was lucky too, because she was a beautiful girl, who was the only pure thing that Scott had left in his life.
He got up from his chair, patting his suit pockets for his pack of cigarettes, “You can go anywhere.”  He repeated a third time.  I looked at him – he was starting to sound strange.
“Stevie! More wine!” he suddenly shouted at the bar, the unlit cigarette dangling from his lips. 
It was unnerving, I thought, Scott making serious statements about my life, my situation, when his was life so erratic and on the edge.  But some people are just better at discerning what other people’s lives need, rather than what their own life requires.  That’s what made him a good salesman, probably, knowing instinctively what people need.  And as I looked over through the blinds of the window out at the street, I knew he was right, about me, about the whole thing.
I remembered also, just then, what had brought to the bar that day.  I called over to him as he walked towards the door, swaying a little bit.  “What should I do about Holly?” I asked. “What about all our plans, the engagement, all that stuff?  I’m supposed to just walk away from all that?”  
He paused by the door and lit the cigarette, glancing over at Stevie – it was a non-smoking bar.  “Take all that as a lesson learned and experience gained.”  
And he shoved the door open.  He stood there for a moment and said, almost to himself, “Nothing ventured, nothing gained,” and he walked out into the stark sunlight.
What lesson was to be learned by all of this? I wondered, as I sat back down by myself in an empty bar.  Maybe this was the last chain that needed to be broken to snap me out of this place I was in – a job I hated and a girl that dumped me.  I loved Holly, but what good had the relationship done me, really?  
Maybe this was the shock I needed to snap my heart back into beating, like a love defibrillator.  What had happened to me?  Where was that guy Scott used to know?  I shook my head in a haze of doubt and fear, and finished my beer alone.

I eventually left Scott smoking outside the bar.  He stood there secreting little sips of wine on the sidewalk.  I told him I had to go figure out what to do as I left.  He told me to come by his place later to have dinner with him and Brooke.
I had a beer buzz as I walked to my car.  Self-medicating, I thought; Scott rubbing off on me.  But he was right, was he not?  His words had an effect on me, even though I had known him so long and knew pretty much every thought that came to him before he said it; his words had hit me in a place that registered deeply.  
I had gotten soft; I had grown weak, accepting, defeated, and hesitant.  But when had I become a victim?  
Another favorite movie of mine had always been Smokey and the Bandit, not as ridiculous a movie as some believed.  The Bandit’s philosophy of life, his freedom, his fearlessness, and his lack of concern about… anything, had seemed the pure distillation of American swagger and adventurism, and had always inspired me.  Couched in a silly comedy with a trivial plot was this iconic hero that represented so much of the American male, at least what the American males wanted to be represented as.  
And one line in the movie said it all.  Bandit, when asked by his hitchhiker pal/love interest played by Sally Fields, why he was doing what he was doing in the movie, he simply responded, “For the hell of it.”
Unapologetically, without sarcasm, or duplicity, or explanation.  Simply.  He then looked back at her and asked her casually, “Haven’t you ever done anything just for the hell of it?”  A trivial brilliance I would say.
But on that lonely afternoon as I staggered in misery to my car, not going back to work, but not sure where I was going, with a beer buzz and Scott’s desperate challenges swirling in my brain, I don’t think I’ve ever felt so confused, alone and so sad.  Not the careless Bandit at the moment was I, not by any means...  And I am a little ashamed to admit that when I got into the car and drove off, I cried for a short while.   Definitely not something the Bandit would do either.  I doubt the Bandit had ever cried in his life.
The old me: taking changes, living life, breaking chains, it sounded so right.  But how long can a man live for the moment?  And what about love?  What about marriage?  I never was such a victim before, and I had experienced loss and disappointment– but I had always bounced back and kept looking for the next good thing.  What had happened to that?  What was the next good thing?
It was Holly the Red, I realized, that had changed me.  She was the only thing that was different between the old and new me, the moment it all switched.  Before I met her, I didn’t have a care in the world, because I didn’t really care for anything in the world and nothing really cared for me.  I had had girlfriends in the past, maybe had even been in love once, but had never planned my life with any of them, never had decided to unite with any of them.  And, as so many men before me throughout the long and troubled history of man had realized, usually much too late, I realized that it was a woman that was really the trouble after all…
I had always cared only for playing music in a band, reading good literature, dabbling in writing here and there, finding adventure, taking risks, feeling the sun in the sky, earth under my feet, and approaching a new horizon in front of me be it a new job or a plane ticket across the ocean.  Always with little money in the bank but rich in experiences.  Sure I was lonely plenty of times in those reckless young days, but I was more alive.
I decided I would live for those things alone, from now on.  I decided that day sitting in the car.  Before, I had been locked down in life, trying to my ship up to another ship that wasn’t going my direction.  I was never really bound to anyone, never attached so strongly.  Until her.  I loved her so much, that I gave her all of my heart.  
I took a deep breath, and smiled to myself bitterly.   Well that’s over with; never again!  Immersed in a sea of self-pity but now feeling a new, sudden, rebellious, vengeful inspiration, a feeling of new-found clarity through a fog of doubt, I jammed the gas pedal down and sped away from Coco Joe’s.  


Four


So often, enormous events in our lives begin with small coincidences, if you believe in coincidences.  I do.
As I drove heedlessly down the street, elated and confused, I decided to not call Holly back anytime soon.  I knew that calling her and trying to explain all this right then would accomplish nothing, and I’d probably only sound crazy, desperate, pathetic.  I needed some time to decide what to say anyway.   
A sudden doubt: Was not calling her and trying to salvage this love actually the crazy, desperate, and pathetic thing?   I shoved the idea aside and switched on the car stereo, turning it down low, though, to not interrupt my thoughts completely. 
I then picked up my phone and called in sick to work, saying that I had food poisoning – Greek pasta.  I talked to Linda and told her to relay my message to John.  I knew she didn’t believe me, from the tone in her voice, but I didn’t care a rip anymore.  I drove on; feeling like every minute that ticked away was a part of a new chapter in my life.   And there is nothing like a new chapter to fix what is broken in a persons’ life, I’ve found. 
I also remembered that I had a haircut appointment that evening, and I called the Laotian lady who cut my hair, Nuyen, and moved the appointment up and drove straight over to her salon.  I just couldn’t go home and sit there, not during the day, not now – I wanted to be occupied with something as I thought all this through.  
	As I sat down in the waiting area I noticed a magazine sitting on the coffee table.  It was an edition of the outdoor magazine Outside, and it had a glossy cover photo of a range of soaring mountains, with sun-drenched, warm, lush, green valleys spreading out between the rocky peaks.  With the unconscious eye of an assistant editor, I scanned over the headlines and cover art.  
“Glacier National Park, Montana” the cover title read in big, white block letters, “Where the ordinary stops… and the journey begins!”  
	I stared at the cover for a moment.  Montana…  I picked up the magazine and began thumbing through the pages until I found the article.   I flipped the pages slowly, and scanned the images, which were almost mocking me.  Clear blue lakes with a perfect mirror surfaces lay spread out in rich colorful, panoramic shots.  Sweeping mountains carved in rock and clothed in evergreen pines, skirts of lush forests that stopped hallway up at a line, snow-tipped peaks struck into the sky, boiling clouds floating in a deep indigo heaven.  
In one photo, an enormous bear dully pondered a boiling stream, huge log-built lodges with a Swiss-Alpine theme stood above tiny tourists in another photo spread.  Everything looked so fresh and wild, a majestic but harsh and remote landscape – not too touristy or developed.  I inadvertently thought of my metal and glass desk, my plastic chair, Linda and Jeffries, and Holly.
I brought the magazine with me to the barber chair.  As Nuyen snipped at my hair, she made some small talk in her thick Laotian accent but I barely registered it, answering with a few distracted grunts.  
I went back to the beginning of the article as I settled in the chair and I read every word, poured over every picture.  The article was really just a puff piece describing only one small part of entire state: a place called Glacier National Park, and one part of that Park in particular stuck out to me.  It was a small valley cradling a long lake that stretched between three mountains, and which ended in a camp store and campground.  The place was called Two Medicine.  It was in the southwestern part of the Park, not far though from the border of Montana with Canada.  
Very remote.  But this little valley had made the magazines’ feature and cover because it was the “best kept secret of Glazier Park”– a place to hike and camp that “put you back in time to an untouched western landscape that defies history.”  Until everyone reads this article, I thought ruefully.   As I scanned the photos again I saw that Two Medicine was the collective name of a deep lake and several mountains surrounding it, along with some campsites and a camp store. 
	As Nuyen’s tiny hands worked the scissors, I decided to move to Montana.  Somewhere, between the first page of that article and the last, I had decided; and I knew it was a done deal.  

The article said the Park needed staff to work the various lodges and tourist spots, and someone in the article said that Two Medicine Valley was almost always without enough staff members to run it because of its unknown status and remote location.  It described how the 4-person staff of Two Medicine worked and lived in a small camp store that sold camp supplies to through-hikers and weekend campers who visited the area.  And the store even had a kitchen that cooked meals at the back.  The staff would also manage tours around the lake, Lake Sinopah, named for a mountain towering above the lake and above the entire valley.
	Two Medicine Valley, that’s where I’m headed, I thought with a sudden wave of excited relief – relief at having a new direction.  I looked up from the magazine and into the mirror, watching Nuyen for a moment.  Her little fingers were working in some hair product now that she was finished with the cut.  This was normally my favorite part of the whole process because she gave me a little massage as she worked in the gel, but all I could think of at that moment was moving across the country, to a beautiful and wild land I had only just talked about for years, and never really imagined.  It had been more like the Land of Oz than a real destination, and now it was my new home.  
I pushed aside my already-formed doubts as to the logistics of moving so suddenly and so far, and closed my eyes and let her fingers massage the top of my head, then she pulled them slowly and strongly down to the base of my neck, rolling my head around and working out the stiffness in the tendons of my neck.  
	How hard can it be to get things ready to move there?  Just pack it up and move, I told myself.  But a nagging practicality kept inserting little questions and uncertainties into my plan as I sat there, my head gently rolling around.  It’s too late maybe in the season maybe.  I opened an eye and glanced down at the magazine cover, looking for a date.  February!  Damn!  When’s the hiring season being for Glacier Park?  
The article had mentioned that the Park actually opened for business June 1.  That’s two weeks away!   I scanned over the entire article again as Nuyen brushed off the hair on my shoulders.  This was just a summer job.   What will you do up there after the summer season ends, smart guy?
	 I’d lose everything I had.   
But what did I have here that I’d be losing anyway?   An apartment and some stuff, a couple of friends, an engagement ring but with no one to give it to, a job I couldn’t stand.  There was Scott, of course, but I had to find this new life or I would be no good to him or anybody.
But the remembrance of the sudden bomb going off this morning on the phone, a confirmation of my fears over the weeks that the one thing I was grasping to for happiness, this love I thought I had, was not what I thought it was, that remembrance suddenly drove me rebelliously into the decision to immediately move to Montana again, with new conviction.  To hell with it.  NO.  For the hell of it!  
I was suddenly giddy with excitement.  “Haven’t you ever done anything just for the hell of it?” I asked Nuyen, as I signed the receipt for the payment.  She indicated by her blank expression that she had not.  As I walked out of the salon I begin methodically calculating the effects of such a move…  First quit my job, what will Jeffries say? To hell with Jeffries, what is dad going to say? He’ll think I’m crazy…  What will Holly think when she finds out?  The Bandit wouldn’t care!  Scott?  He’ll be for it of course… and he’ll also think I’m crazy all the same though.  Do I have enough money? They can’t pay much at this place…  What about my lease? 
My heart began to sink back down again as I got back into my car, not sure where to even go.  I began to feel dragged down under the monolithic force of practicality, that dreaded, unavoidable adult disparagement that had broken so many a dream for so many a people in the past, people who listened too much to their doubts, their fears – people who lived to avoid risk.  	My world of offices, bars, flat screens and fitness centers in downtown Atlanta, Georgia, was as far from that as the desert was to the bottom of the ocean, or so it felt as I glanced out the salon’s windows to the parking lot outside.  But the bottom of the ocean and the desert were kind of the same, weren’t they?  What had practicality gotten me so far that I couldn’t walk away from?  
“Nothing is certain either way I go…” I muttered to myself as I started the car, “so I better just go.”   I jammed the gas pedal down and sped away from Nuyen’s.  

Five


I didn’t call Holly that night, and I turned my phone off completely.   My mind constantly churned over the logistics and variables of the move, still throwing up objections one moment and then slapping them back down in rebellion to practicality the next.  
Later, I couldn’t sleep.  Lying in bed, shifting over and laying for another hour or so in a different position, I was wide awake.  I gave up and spent the rest of the night at my computer, researching everything I could about Two Medicine Valley in Glacier.  I found more info on the Park’s website, but there really wasn’t much more than what that magazine article had said.  I did, however, find a lot more pictures, with the same kind of almost unbelievable beauty, mostly from websites where people had posted their vacation photos.   I thought back to my Boy Scout trip slide show photos, and a small smile of excitement appeared on my monitor-lit face.
I felt guilty for not calling Holly, however.   What was she thinking, since we hadn’t spoken since the call?   Part of my avoiding it was that my secret new plan was building in my mind in a thrilling way, a way that brought a feeling that I hadn’t felt in a long time – a reckless anything-can-happen feeling.  It was a new found bright optimism on which every positive feeling I had at the moment depended, and I didn’t want it ruined or altered in the least, not yet, not so soon, and not while I was still figuring it all out.  I didn’t want to break the spell.  
Slowly the doubt and practicality were fading away – the Bandit was winning the debate.  However, part of what kept me up that night was knowing that I was going to have to deal with work and my father and Holly and all that eventually, perhaps as early as that next morning.  I shoved the ideas aside all night and continued plotting my escape.  
I again called in sick to work, and then sat down at my desk after a quick breakfast.  There was a downloadable application for employment to the Two Medicine Store produced by the Park Administration, and I printed it out.  I read over the whole thing before filling it out.  It was pretty vague as to what the compensation was, and the starts dates for the job, and even what the jobs were exactly, other than to show that I would be living in the camp store building and working the store by day.  Not an ostentatious position, no doubt, but it would get me there and that’s all I wanted to start with.  The paperwork also said that the deadline to apply was June 1, and that was the next day.  So I jotted down all the particulars, signed it, and scanned the thing back onto my computer in order to email it to the HR office for the National Park.  
Before I hit “send” on the email, I paused.  I got up and walked over to the window by my desk and pulled down some of the blinds.  Cars drove by my building; people walked to a bus stop going to work in the early morning fog, a mailman drove his jeep around the corner – all people going towards some purpose, or so it seemed on the surface.  Were they happy?  Would any of them do something like this if they thought about it?  All of the movement and intentional activity outside the window made me restless, and the monotony of what looked like such ordinariness repelled me at the same time.  
The practical side of me told myself that ordinary lives of ordinary people can have profound moments, and that those people had many hopes and dreams that they were fighting towards.  But even knowing that, to my eyes it all looked to me outside that window as grey and uninviting and useless as a discarded old newspaper – dried up, wrinkled and irrelevant.   A waste of a life.
I walked over and hit the “send” button, and my application was submitted.  I looked around my apartment for a moment and wondered about what to do with all my stuff.   

I called the park’s human resources office up after the email went through to verify that I had done everything I needed to.  The lady on the other end said I’d need to send them a copy of my driver’s license, a history of immunization shots, some tax form, and a letter of “fitness” from a doctor.   I pressed her a bit on the position at the camp store, what I would be doing exactly, the living conditions and so forth, but she didn’t know anything about it at all, she worked in Missoula, she said.  So I spent the rest of the morning lining up getting the records and visiting a doctor; I hadn’t been to a doctor in years, so it took some doing.   
A concerning new thought crept into my mind as I drove to the doctor’s office, however, what if I didn’t get this job for some reason?  I knew they needed staff at the camp store, but anything could happen – there was no guarantee.  Maybe I was too late… What the hell was I going to do if I didn’t get it?  When with each passing moment it became a certainty that I was going to move to Montana to work a job in the mountains.  With each passing moment, I couldn’t even conceive of an alternative to my giddy plan now; I couldn’t even picture staying in town and going back to the office.  As I drove around town, it worried me greatly.  God, let me get this job. 
24 hours before I was sitting at a Deli eating Greek pasta and reading a text from Holly the Red.  What a difference a day makes.

The doctor visit was brief and I had my records and my letter.  I called the HR lady again, and she said they would let me know in a week or so after they received the rest of my stuff.  I thought she sounded nice, and I hoped the rest of the folks I’d soon be meeting would be just as folksy and approachable.
A week didn’t sound too bad… and it gave me time to wind up my affairs.  I was already wanting to get on a plane that night, and I didn’t even know anything about that place, not really – a place over a thousand miles away.  
Was this fate, this sudden decision to uproot my life?  Or was this some crazy impulse that would end up with me homeless or God knows where…  I pushed that negative feeling back down.  This was no impulse, no sudden whim.  This was as needed and obvious a necessity as turning the page when you get to the end of a chapter in a book, or stepping up the next stair to get to the higher floor.  It was as simple as that.
	That night I called my father and told him what I was doing.  I didn’t even have the job, but I told him anyway.  I just wanted to make it more real, I suppose, to lock it in, and to cut away the last moorings to the pier.  He was always a serious guy, my father, a successful and respected man who didn’t show much emotion, anger or joy, not even to me.  He had been so formal in his career for so long, that he basically behaved formally to everyone now, even close family.  He had had his tender moments, very few, and only when I had been very young, a little boy, and they were brief.  Being a father just wasn’t in his nature; being a formal man was.   He fulfilled his fatherly duties as a coach prepares a key player, long enough to get him performing successfully and then sending him on his way when the game was done.  
He wasn’t angry, didn’t ask a lot of questions, for which I was very grateful.  He was at first shocked, and asked me if something had gone wrong at work.  I told him no, that I just wasn’t happy and I needed a change.  He then sounded doubtful as he spoke, like someone trying to figure out if they were speaking to a mentally off person or not.   
He told me in a stern voice that he thought I was making a mistake, that the Gannett job was a “solid start,” but then, in a very subtle change in his voice, said he remembered being young, (I had seen pictures of him young and he had looked stiff and formal even then) and he said he remembered feeling the temptation of “going where the grass is greener on the other side.”   
I paused as he said this, taken aback by his shift in tone. I then listened with disbelief as he described a story about how he and a friend had decided to drive from New York to Mexico City in 1963, to see his friend off to a graduate school program.  I tried picturing the young version of my father riding shotgun in a VW bus, hair grown longer and a beard, listening to Bob Dylan or The Carpenters… I couldn’t square it.  
“But,” he continued, his voice still softer and less commanding, “you’re young, and the world will be waiting for you when you come back. But just know that eventually you have to settle in one place and ignore the temptations to go for the next hill.”
 Before I hung up he told me to make sure I had enough money.  He never gave me money over the years, believing it was character building to support one’s self – and I had never asked him for any, even though he was wealthy I had no financial safety net, with him or anybody – net even a grandmother in Florida!  I was on my own; and I would sink or swim with no life raft but my own ambition.  
As I thought about my father’s words, I realized that I had just heard him drop his shield for a moment, and show a personal, intimate side.  And however brief it had been, I never forgot that feeling I had when his voice shifted for a moment.
Holly’s call I made late – at midnight.  
	“Hello?” she said. 
	Such a sweet voice.  I closed my eyes and shook my head slowly, sadly, as I held the phone.  I always loved listening to that lilt in her voice.
	“Hey baby,” I said quietly.  “Sorry I haven’t called you back.  I’ve been doing a lot of thinking.”
	“I know, I figured,” she said.  “You must think I’m totally crazy.”  
	“No, I don’t.  I get why you said it; it just hit me hard and took a lot out of me.”
	She paused for a moment.  “I still love you, Will.  I really do love you.  I just don’t see us as really right for each other.  I don’t know; do you know what I’m talking about?”
	Even despite my move to Montana, the finality and decisiveness in her words hurt me.  
“You think Jonathan’s a better match?” I asked, an edge creeping into my voice.
	Another pause.  “I don’t know.  I mean we are in agreement on a lot of things you and are weren’t.”
	“Have you had sex with him?”
	“No.”
	I pondered the carpet at my feet.  “Taking him out of it, I think what we had was a one-of-a-kind thing, don’t you think so?”
	“I know.  But the closer we got, the more wrong it felt, in a way,” she said.  “I just don’t think we’re meant to be together forever.  We’re too different.  That’s why I didn’t want to come on this trip to Tennessee this weekend.  My sister told me you might propose and that I had better only go if I was ready to say ‘yes.’”  
Lisa was her older sister and best friend, and Holly was always Lisa asking what she should do about anything in her life. 
	A small burst of painful angry boiled up in my chest.  “Well I’ve had this job lined up in Montana; I’m moving there in a week.”  
	“What?  Montana?  What are you talking about?”
	“I’ve been offered a position up in Two Medicine Valley, managing the area and working in Glacier National Park.”  
I realized I wasn’t making any sense to her probably, but I plugged on, now just eager to get away from this whole conversation.   
“I’ve quit the magazine and am packing things up as we speak,” I said hurriedly.  “I’ll do some writing up there…”  I trailed off and just listed for her reaction.
	“Will, what are you talking about?  What’s up in Montana for you?”
	“It’s complicated – don’t worry about it.  I’ll send you your stuff that’s over here.”
	She was silent a moment more.  “Ok.  But we should talk about this more.”  
	“Yea, look, I’ll explain it more… later.”
	I hung up as fast as I could, and set the phone down and stared at it.  I had just completely separated from a girl I loved more than any other I had been with, for more than two years, a girl I had wanted to marry.  It was the quickest and most sudden break up I had ever experienced with the deepest relationship I had ever had so far.  I probably would never see her again, it occurred to me, and that made me feel so empty and very, very lonely.
Yet I still felt at that moment, behind all of that dreaded emptiness, like I was rushing finally towards a new life, like I was caught floating in a fast river rushing towards an unseen waterfall that led to… what?  Disaster?  Whatever it was it felt right.   
I took my eyes from the phone and looked across the room at my apartment, which now seemed small, too small.  This rushing river was strong, unstoppable, and it was running faster and faster each moment.  Maybe a little disaster is what I need.

I barely slept again that night – a rushing sound in my ears kept my heart racing.  
A week later, after forcing through a few more days of work at the magazine office in a zombie-like state, I received confirmation that I had the job.  That was on a Tuesday, and I booked a flight for that Sunday to Montana.  
I wound up my affairs and turned in my notice at work, which caused less fanfare than I had expected.  All the better.  In those days leading up to leaving each time someone reacted with a questioning look and mild shock when I told them where I was going caused a small crack of doubt to form in my choice to leave, in a tiny but nagging way.  But it was inevitable and unavoidable now, no matter what.  Scott had said I was nuts at first after I called and told him but, of course, he ended up saying he was jealous and knew that I’d made the right choice.   He told me he was going to drive me to the airport, no matter how early in the morning it was. 
As I packed my final things, I let the rushing water take me further towards the edge of the falls, not knowing how long or how hard the landing may be.   I was just about to tip over the edge.

Six


Scott picked me up Sunday morning to drive me to the airport.  I could see that he was horribly hungover, hair disheveled and bloodshot eyes, and he hardly said a word on the way.   He sipped a Miller Lite tallboy beer out of a brown bag with one hand as he drove with the other, staring grimly out the windshield at the oncoming traffic, barely moving his head.  He seemed to regard the world ahead of him through the windshield with disdain mixed with a tired boredom.   I, in the other hand, felt a charge of excitement and optimism, as I had gotten ready that morning and rode with him on the way.  His dour mood and horrible hangover were just more confirmation that I needed a change, too, just one more confirmation.
He pulled up to the departures bay at the airport and I got out all my worldly possessions I was taking with me, which all fit in one suitcase and a guitar case,  I had decided to bring my old Yamaha acoustic guitar with me just for kicks.  I pictured myself playing it on some grassy, sun drenched mountainside, maybe a pretty hiker girl lying next to me, listening in rapture, a bright flower stuck in her hair...  
But I thought of Scott as I unloaded the back seat, there he was sitting silently in his hungover, painful-looking haze, sipping his now-warm beer.  I wondered what he was feeling, what he was thinking of my move.  I knew that not being around anymore, at least for a while, was going to be… not good for him.  Besides Brooke, I was the closest thing, and probably the only thing, he had to a reasonably-good influence, for what that was worth.  I bent down at the passenger window and looked over at him, “Scott, you gonna be okay?”  I watched him, trying to read his thoughts on his face. 
He looked over at me and said, “Are you?” He smiled slightly.  
“I am,” I said, “and when I get situated, you need to come out there for a weekend or two and hang out – get out of this town for a while and get some fresh air.”  
 He chucked briefly and said, staring back out in front of him.  “Maybe I will, but don’t worry about me in the meantime, I’ll keep on truckin’.”
I slowly stood back up straight as he accelerated and drove off.  I saw him light up a cigarette as he drove, the car swerving slightly before he jerked the wheel back and corrected it.  The sun was rising higher in front of him, but hidden a bit behind a haze of fog.   I had a feeling that I would see him again – it didn’t feel like a permanent goodbye, this, despite the fact that I had no specific plan to return to Atlanta, ever.  But, as I watched Scott go, I wondered sadly if he would survive much longer, and I surely hoped that he was going to get a hold of his demons and find some peace before a permanent “goodbye” finally did happen, the last goodbye.

Seven


	I arrived at the entrance to Glacier Park, Montana by the use of all mechanisms of travel available to mankind at that time: via a plane from Atlanta to Billings, then a smaller plane from Billings to Kalispell, then a train from Kalispell to Whitefish, then a bus from Whitefish to Glacier, and then a cab from Glacier to Two Medicine.
	I didn’t make it all the way to Two Medicine the same day I left; it would take two days in fact, and by the time I actually got to Glacier Park on Sunday night I was completely exhausted.  My new employer had saved a room for me at the huge, hotel-like Glacier Lodge that housed tourists who arrived at the southern end of the park.  The Lodge was the entry point for all locations north in the Park, but many tourists who preferred a bed, shower and air-conditioning to camping in the backcountry would stay at the Lodge the entire time. 
	It was the first time I had ridden a train, that mode of transportation being largely used only for carrying freight in the South – public transportation trains had never caught on down there.  I enjoyed the rattling smoothness of the ride and the large windows that introduced me to a surprisingly flat and prairie-like Montana.  Most of Montana, I had learned by now, was as flat as Kansas, and filled with farms, oil derricks, or just empty prairie.  But as the train sped northwest I could start to see mountains looming off in the far distance, past endless miles of rolling prairie grass dotted with barns and separated by small roads and cattle fences.
	As I travelled through the Atlanta airport, as I rode on the wind 30,000 feet above the country, and as I flew along the metal rails on the prairie, I felt a creeping, nervous apprehension growing in my mind.  The rushing of the waterfall had changed to a slow drifting down a dark tunnel.   Not having the familiar Atlanta around me now felt worrisome, and I began to really doubt my decision.   I felt, at times, like I was lost, drifting aimless now.  But also, at times, I felt a reemergence of the rushing excitement that I was final living the right way!  So, I repeatedly pushed down my doubts and hesitancies – my endlessly-repeating question of had I done the right thing?  I sat back in my seat and focused with a determined eye on the landscape instead.
	The bus I was to take after the train was a Greyhound and was almost completely empty as I boarded it.  Someone had told me, as I was waiting for the bus in the station, that most of the visitors to the park didn’t know what was in store for them, that it was a much more rugged and wild place than people thought, and wasn’t like Yellowstone as many expected, with Yellowstone’s wide roads, easy beaten-down paths to fenced-off attractions, and numerous easily-findable restaurants, rest areas and slick hotels.  No, the man had said, Glacier “was a huge freaking mass!”  
	I liked the sound of that word “mass,” it denoted a weighty, unchangeable, and nonnegotiable force.   I needed something heavy and unchangeable now, to calm my doubts, as I rocked back and forth on the highway riding the swaying movements of the big bus.  The weightier the better for me, since I had just ripped my life up by the roots and was about to plant it in unknown and wild soil.
	In any event it was dark for the latter half of my trip to Glacier, and so, as I approached those looming mountains that I had read so much about, I lost them in darkening sky the nearer I got.  The land was getting higher and more patches of forested hills were rushing past me in, but soon it was too dark too see much of anything outside of the edges of the road we were on.   I saw, instead, only my own reflection in the big window of the bus under the little lights above my seat as we sped along, and I thought to myself that I already appeared a little younger now, wilder, rougher like I used to be.  
I sat back in my seat and I imagined that in shrugging off the chains of society, I had shrugged off some of the weight on my shoulders and the bags under my eyes.  I didn’t really believe I looked any different, but I enjoyed the fantasy, and I did feel better knowing that I was living the old way I had.  
Later that night I disembarked from the bus and checked in at the big Park Lodge, which I could barely see beyond the dim streetlight at the edge of the parking lot.   I walked over to the desk and gave them my name, and then up the elevator to my room, which was disappointingly very hotel-like, and I collapsed onto the bed as soon as I had dropped my bag on the floor.  I fell asleep within minutes, barely processing the fact that I was now but a few miles from my wild new home, somewhere out there in the dark.

The next morning my phone rang early, and the hotel clerk’s voice on the other end of the night stand’s phone told me that a “jammer” would be by in 30 minutes to collect me to take me to Two Medicine.   I mumbled “what’s a ‘jammer?’” was in a groggy voice, but he had already hung up.  
I dragged myself out of bed, showered quickly with cold water and threw on some clothes, shoving my old clothes from the day before back into the suitcase with my clean ones.  I rushed downstairs, worried I might miss my ride, whatever it ended up being, and went out onto the sprawling wooden deck that encircled the Lodge.  
I was feeling a cautious tenseness but I also felt a thrilled jolt shoot through me – I would soon see the place I was going to live – in Montana!  And there, at the bottom of the Lodge’s big staircase leading down to the road was my ride, it had to be – my own “jammer.”  It was a very old-looking, long, multi-door bus, painted bright red, something from the ‘40s or so it looked like.  It was about the size of the old VW vans from the 60’s, but sloping in the back, and with a long Rolls-Royce-like snout serving as the grill on the front – a very odd-looking, slightly European-esque, archaic vehicle.  
As I walked toward the bus a young guy with a big head of blonde, bushy hair stuck his face out of the driver’s window and leaned an elbow out and nodded.  
He smiled as he said, “You must be my ride… Going to Two Medicine?”
“Yeah,” I said as I walked over, cautiously surveying the jalopy.  
“Nice suitcase,” he said, nodding at my gear with a not-unfriendly smirk, and then told me to throw my things in the back. 
I tossed my bag in a back seat and then climbed in the front next to him.  The bus actually had four passenger doors on each side and five bench seats, not counting ours in front.  Besides me it was otherwise completely empty as we started off down the street.
“So this is a ‘jammer?’” I asked.
“Yep, gets its name from grinding the gear shift – which you’ll hear pretty soon as we climb some of the hills on the road to your stop.” 
The guy sported a scruffy beard and was wearing a safari-style khaki outfit - obviously some hokey kind of uniform the park fashioned for the jammer drivers.  I worried as I took a side-ways glance at him that my Two Medicine job was going to have me wear something like that all summer.   It occurred to me, not for the first time, and not for the last, as the driver ground the gear stick into second gear as we climbed a road out of the Lodge parking lot shaking us back and forth in our seats, that I hardly knew anything about my new job.  I felt another wave of nervous doubt creep up into my chest.  What was I doing?  In the haste to get packed and booked out there, and with limited information to start with, I had never actually nailed down what I would be doing day-to-day, other than “working in the camp store.” 
“So you’re working at Two Medicine?” he asked again as we bounced along, as if reading my mind through his bushy, blonde mass of bouncing hair.  The shocks on the old bus creaked loudly over every pothole in the road.
“Do you know anything about it out there?  About the store?”  I asked.
He glanced over at me and smirked, “It’s way the heck ‘out there’ alright, the farthest outpost in the park – and right next to the Blackfoot reservation too.  You picked a doozy of a place to get roped into.  Lotta’ crazy shit happens on the res…” he said.
I didn’t really catch his warning, unfortunately, because we suddenly crested a hill and I was greeted with my first full view of the real Rocky Mountains – the Northern Montana sort – which are the most beautiful and most harsh of the whole rest of the vast Mountain chain, which stretches from Canada to New Mexico from beginning to end.  
On either side of the road as we drove up higher was thick forest, some hardwoods here and there, but many more pines than anything else, especially where the ground was rockier and drier.  Lodgepole pines that could cope with the dry soil shot up straight from the dense grasses and blocked out the sun; green and brown shrubs and smaller trees bunched in a thick riot at their base.  The land had a dustier, stonier look to it than I expected – more “Western” than I had seen in the tourist pictures online.  But, I liked it.  It looked… rough.
Rolling hills a little ways off past our road led to up to enormous mountain peaks far off in the distance, dotted with white patches of late snow – even in June.  It was hard to get a sense of the hugeness of the far-away peaks as they rose in front of us and beside us along the valley in which we were driving.  As the jammer bus lurched over another crest of asphalt, a wide stretch of deep indigo sky spread out overhead above the peaks and made the green, brown, and, in some places white forest stand out even more starkly, more striking and hard.  

How do you describe a mountain?  It shouldn’t be attempted lightly, lest the glory and imminence be lost in shabby metaphors and threadbare adjectives.  At the risk of doing so, however, I will say that the mountains’ sides and the peaks were mostly a stony, dark brown and tan, and had a disordered, craggy rockiness that revealed and confirmed that they had been jammed up high into the air by crushing, inevitable geologic forces millions of years ago, leaving them at-once brittle and crumbling, exposed and naked, while at the same time diamond-hard and concrete.  And the forest at their feet was marching up the mountains’ sides, only to be held in a line, almost perfectly even, across the mountains’ sides where the forest ended and the stark brown skin of the neck of the mountain was exposed.  As I watched from the rolled-down jammer window, I had the urge to climb to the top of one of those peaks and lay in the sun above the world.  
“That’s your mountain, there,” the jammer driver was pointing out his window to the left at a mountain that stood somewhat alone and had a slight conical shape.  “Mount Sinopah.”   
“My mountain?”  I asked, snapping out of my daydream and the distant peaks. 
“Two Medicine camp is down below that one.” He pointed out across the tops of the distant trees to our left. 
	I looked over at my mountain.  “Where’s the name come from – Sinopah.” 
	“Dunno, Indian chief way back when I think,” the driver said, shrugging.
	I had read that these jammer drivers were the park’s tour guides, and would provide commentary about the park and its history to riders as they drove, but my guide wasn’t very expansive about anything to say the least, but I realized he kind of already thought of me as one of the team, not to be treated like some slack-jawed, awestruck yokel from the city.  
	I sat back into the bench seat of the bus as we drove on, grinding gears up the now-steeper hills, and I felt lost in the vast wildness of the place.  However, tooling down the road in my weird red bus I felt the nervousness that had now become a deep part of me – the expectation of what lay out there in below “my mountain” was worrying me.  I wondered if the others on staff at the store would be nice and decent to work with, if the job was going to be ok…  I glanced at my bushy-haired driver; would my coworkers be crazy?  But mostly, as the bus lurched down the road toward a chain of lower hills, I wondered if I had made a huge mistake and come all this way for nothing.   	

We drove for two hours more, and the mountain peaks didn’t seem to get much closer. After yet another hour we drove into a large gravel lot that lay next to a long lake which spanned all way through a valley and stopped at the feet of Mount Sinopah himself.  I recognized the scene from my internet searches in Atlanta. There it was – the two-story, very big log cabin next to that very lake I had seen in the magazine.  It was the store and the lake, no doubt about it. 
After I got out my things, the jammer drove off, beeping his horn twice as a sendoff, waving his hand in a flourish and the disappeared past the trees.  I stood in the gravel parking lot next to the store, holding my suitcase in one hand and my guitar case in the other, feeling completely out of place.  I listened to the birds chirping off in the distance, to the wind blowing across the lake and getting entangled in the trees beside me.  There were no cars in front of the store, no cars anywhere, and I could see no other people around.  An aluminum canoe was tied to a tree near the store by the lake.
I trudged across the gravel to the steps of the store, taking in the place as I walked.  The store was, as I mentioned, built two stories high with a big, slate, A-frame room.  The whole place was made of enormous wooden logs, like unfinished telephone poles stacked horizontally, with a dark slate roof peaked by a glass skylight.  Across the front of the store was a wooden porch stretching across the entire face, with a wooden railing going round and two or three large rocking chairs set out on it, empty.  The store was painted dark brown with a light, tan trim around the large windows, kind of a Swedish-chalet style, like the big lodge I had slept in the night before.  Logs cut in half made up the heavy staircase that lead up to the front door.  It looked as good as any place to start with, so I walked towards the entrance and put one foot on the first split log step. 
A girl suddenly stepped out of the front door above me and walked onto the porch. She shielded her eyes with her hand from the sun and squinted at me.  She looked to be in her early twenties
“Are you Will?” she asked.  
“Yep.” I stood there holding my bag and guitar.
She came down the stairs.   “I’m Katie – I work here too.”  She offered me her hand and I grasped it for a second and gave it a slight shake.  She was short and fit and had natural sandy blonde hair with brown eyes set in a youthful, thoughtful looking face.  She had a good figure, a nice compact little frame, with fine, full boobs under a tight park shirt that I couldn’t help but notice.  An unavoidable little wave of interest shot through me involuntarily.   Forget it, I told myself.  You are done with that messy business, pal, at least for now.  
She was looking at me in a quizzical way, as if studying a science experiment that was turning out different than she had planned.  
“The lodge called this morning and said you were on your way out. You’re not what I thought you’d look like.” 
“Good…”  I looked back at her at a loss for what to say.
She looked doubtfully at my bag.  “You packed a suitcase?  Everybody here just has backpacks.”  She shook her head slightly, “A regular Daniel Boone huh?”  
That was a bit irritating.  To change to the subject I nodded at the store behind her. “How long have you been here?” 
“Two weeks ago, and it’s already been pretty crazy.”  She turned back to the store and gestured for me to follow her up the stairs.  “I’ve been stocking, cleaning, and getting the place ready non-stop since I set foot off the jammer.”  
She spoke in a strangely flat, hesitant kind of voice, like she was reluctantly speaking out of obligation and making an effort to say as little as possible, but also awkwardly trying to be friendly at the same time.  I wondered how it was going to be living with her.
She turned and looked back at me as if reading my thoughts.  “You’re going to like it here, though,” she said as she held the front doors open, and then gave me a cautious look. “But it’s gonna take some getting used to.” 
She then disappeared back inside the dark interior of the store, letting the doors close, apparently having forgotten she had been holding the door open for me, and leaving me alone outside again. 	

It was quiet in the valley.  The mountain peaks around me seemed at once close and an impossible distance away.  The cold breeze made a whisper through nearby pines, sunlight peeping down through the branches and dotting the pine needles on their feet; the lake surface rested glassy and still.  Perhaps I should just wander into those trees, and never stop wandering… wouldn’t that be simpler?  I looked around at the store again and let loose a sigh.  I set my foot back onto the first split-log stair and climbed up.  I walked across the porch to the front door.  Here goes.  
As my hand rested on the door a nervous expectation and fear built up to a point that I wanted to grab hold of something immovable and just think for a moment… just for a moment.  To think about what I was doing… I had given up so much to be here, I had given everything up for a new start.   What was I doing here?  I had talked and dreamed for so long about living in Montana, and now here I was feeling like I was lost.
I pushed the heavy wooden door open walked in.  I saw that the store itself was mainly a large, open room all the way up to the A-frame roof, until you got back to the further end to a second floor of rooms.  The same long, telephone-pole size beams stretched across the roof, were held in place with metal braces, wires and thick steel bolts. 
I saw that the large room consisted of three major sections of stuff for sale, separated only by a big stone fireplace and sitting area in the middle on the right side.  As I walked further in I saw that the area nearest to the front doors held tourist merchandise like stacks of park tourist books and DVDs, picturesque mugs, candles and other knickknacks for sale.  A bit further in were shelves with t-shirts, jackets, sweatshirts and other wearable park souvenirs for tourists.  It was kind of an odd assortment of stuff all stacked and displayed together, some of it seemingly not organized in any discernable way.
Beyond the clothes and off to one side near the wall was a large, glass counter with a cash register.  The stone fireplace had a couple of rocking chairs set in front of it, just like those on the porch out front.  At the back of the building was a little grocery and camp supplies area and a snack bar kitchen with a few tables and chairs in which people to relax and eat as they stared out the huge windows that lined the log walls on either side of the store.   The ceiling was about 30 feet above.  
No one was in view in the store proper, but I could hear Katie speaking from somewhere in the back near the kitchen hidden from view, so I followed the sound through aisles of postcards, past little wooden carvings of bears and eagles, and by rows of CDs and tapes of outdoor-themed music, gripping my suitcase and guitar case.   
As I walked I looked with dismay at the plastic and cheap touristy crap that was being sold here – in such a pristine and wild place!  I felt disappointment at the message these things near the front of the store were saying to me, to anyone that came in here – that I was going to be working in a gift shop.   I had imagined something more like the back of the store, I suppose, selling camp supplies like food and propane gas, tents and sleeping backs – the honest, rugged and respectable outdoor necessities – not key chains and license-plate covers... I averted my eyes as I passed some plastic, mountain goat Montana magnets for the fridge.
I found my way into the back of the store and walked into the grocery and snack shop area as Katie popped her head through a steel swinging door in the back.  “Come on Mr. Boone, Larry’s back here.”  Still that blank, careful voice, immobile face – hiding something inside.
Her hair swung back as she retreated, the door swinging back into place.  Who “Larry” was I had no idea, but I moved with the determined gait of the first-time parachutist approaching the plane’s open door, and I set my face with a steady gaze, gripping my suitcase and guitar tighter, as if wielding these as two weapons as a defense against any further dismay I may find behind that swinging metal door. 

I pushed through the door and found myself in a two-story kitchen.  It was a room full of big steel appliances, two large stoves, two double-door refrigerators, big metal sinks and countertops – a regular restaurant kitchen, everything metallic and wood, the surfaces here and there looked a little scratched and used but otherwise spotless.   Katie leaned against a counter to my right, slowly sipping from a mug.  To my left an older, short, round man with a mostly bald, blotchy head was vigorously scrubbing one of the sinks in the kitchen with a steel wool pad. He wore a burgundy-colored polo shirt and khaki pants; the shirt was too tight for him, a huge belly protruded out over his khakis.
He turned to me as I set my suitcase and guitar down beside my feet – he wore enormous glasses.   He wiped his hands on a dish rag.   He stared at me for a second with a kind of earnest but distrustful gaze.  “You must be Will,” he said after a moment.  “I’m Larry Martin.”  He said his name industriously, like a car salesmen introducing the make and model of a prized show car, “This here’s the ‘Larry Martin,’ and she runs like a dream…”
“Glad to meet you,” I said as he gripped my hand. He had a hard grasp, and shook it only once; it was a practiced, intentional handshake that told me he put stock in how a man shakes his hand.  I unconsciously squeezed back harder.  He came up to about my chin, and I could see the wispy strands of hair brushed over his head clearly.   
Larry’s mouth then split into a crooked grin and he gestured over to my guitar.  “Looks like we got us a regular John Denver here…” he said loudly, over to another lady I had not noticed, and who was standing on a small stool, hanging a curtain over one of the windows in the back wall.  She just looked over and smiled absently. 
Larry’s grin faded a little and he regarded the guitar case a second time a bit more suspiciously.  “You aren’t gonna play that thing after ten o’clock at night I hope...”   
 “Oh, don’t worry about that, there’s not guitar in there – it’s just full of drugs and booze I was hiding on the plane.” 
Larry’s face suddenly sagged with dismay, and he glanced nervously from my case to me, but then realized the joke and gave a halfhearted smile and grunted, “Ha, well just keep her down up there.”
 I assumed “up there” meant my room, my new room.  The older lady had come down from her stool and introduced herself as “Phyllis.”  She offered me some tea and went over to a counter and retrieved a “Glacier Park” logo mug, just like the one Katie was sipping from.  Phyllis was Larry’s wife and worked the store with him, and she seemed nice but quiet and shy, meek like a nervous mouse.  She was slim, had curly brown hair mixed with gray and was probably around fifty.  She had kind eyes and an honest smile.  
 “How’s the place coming along?” I asked, to anyone in the room in general.  “It looks pretty good.”   
Larry blew air out of his cheeks as he looked around the room, “Oh, it’s getting there; gotta knock off the winter off everything…  Gotta open up tomorrow and still got loads to do.”  
He had a thick Midwest accent and the kind of Spartan, no-nonsense, “elbow-grease” attitude that came with it.  I didn’t know if I was supposed to start helping him immediately or if there was some kind of down time or orientation before I actually started.  I didn’t know anything about this place at all, and the store opening tomorrow made me uneasy. 
Katie didn’t seem to be doing anything all this time but shifting between watching me with curiosity and watching Larry with a kind of critical boredom, as she continued to sip her tea with a catlike smoothness.  She caught me staring back at her and then turned and walked over to a screened door in the back, which I saw led to a grassy yard with a shed centered in some small trees.  
“I’m gonna step out for a second,” she said as stepped through the door to the bright sunshine outside.
I look back over at Larry and he was looking at the screen door.  “She’s a bit on the quirky side,” he said after a moment.  “Hell of a worker though, isn’t she Phyllis?”  Larry looked over at Phyllis who was brushing off wet hands on her apron. 
“Oh, she’s great,” Phyllis said, in a sweet, kindergarten -teacher voice, “just takes time for her to open up a bit with new faces.”  
Larry and his wife Phyllis were from Kansas I would come to find out.  He was now retired but had owned a mom-and-pop hardware store for a long time; and Phyllis had been stay-home mother to their one, now adult, son, who still lived in Kansas and was a lawyer.  
I would also come to find out, with an annoying regularity, that Larry also used to be a “lumberjack,” as he called it, before he got married.  I had never then, and have never yet, heard anyone actually refer to themselves as a “lumberjack,” not even those who actually worked in that trade – who called themselves “loggers” – and I met a few who did that summer.  But Larry would often tell us proudly of his first job in his late teens in Alaska and then Canada any chance he got – traveling around with a railroad lumber mill operation where he was hired to hack away at huge tree trunks for twelve hours a day, for months at a time.  This was before the common use of chain-saws, which he said were too expensive and didn’t work well back then – an apparent golden era when axes and two-man saws were primarily the tools of the trade.  
Whenever he mentioned this story I kept trying to picture him against a backdrop of some majestic, timber-covered mountain, wearing a red-plaid, flannel shirt tucked into blue jeans with suspenders, leaning on the handle of an enormous ax.  I tried to imagine this fat, old pudgy man as healthy and whole and strong in the wild outdoors, braving the elements as he chopped down the towering giants with nothing but his broad axe.  
But no, I could never really picture it, Larry huffing and puffing as he swung his ax over and over into some enormous cedar, wood chips flying wildly all around him, the trunk beginning to creak as it began fall… no way.  But Larry routinely told us of those days with a stern pride.  It got to be so common for him to mention it and so unlikely for it to be true that I thought maybe he was losing his mind and had just imagined it all.   Phyllis never mentioned it.  In any event, he seemed to want us to know that he was more than a broken down store manager, that at one time in his life he was a man to be reckoned with. 
But, true or not, as the story went, it was those wilderness years as a lumberjack that had apparently caused Larry to have taken a fancy to visiting Glacier Park decades ago, and he and Phyllis had traveled every inch of it in an old RV (of which he still had a picture mounted in the store – it was a boxy model of RV called “The Executive,”) driving around with his family, until eventually getting a seasonal job “to keep the moss from growing under my feet after I retired,” as he said.  
He was now a man of limited vision, however; his world was inside this store, my new home, and his vision was one of accomplishing chores and tasks, and in turn deriding those who avoided accomplishing chores and tasks with the same drone-like determination, and finally avoiding those who couldn’t accomplish chores and tasks, and he liked bowling.  
Also, he was the only person I had ever met who actually said he didn’t “care for music.”  Phyllis for her part would continue to remain very quiet almost the entire summer, and she took a subservient back step to Larry whenever he was around.  She was the silent partner in the management of the store, literally and figuratively, and seemed happiest in the kitchen where she was endlessly busy.  
Larry was, I would come to find out, a very early riser and an early-to-bed goer.  Also, despite his past trips to every corner of the vast expanse of Glacier Park, it was evident that he didn’t care for going out into the actual wilderness, and never ventured beyond the gravel foot paths that wandered through the nearby campsite.  His “off to work we go” whistling attitude and his commonplace suburban lifestyle offended me once I got a sense of it, in the same way the cheap trinkets and stuffed animal grizzly bears in the front of the store offended me.  They were grossly out of place in this wild Eden to which I had escaped, and for which I had risked it all.  
“Need some help?” I offered to Larry, hesitantly.  The placed looked already spotless to me, and I didn’t feel like scrubbing anything as my first job duty at Two Medicine.  
“Sure thing,” Larry said quickly, “you can mop the floor here when I’m done.”  He jerked his head at the screen door.  “Katie’ll show you upstairs to your room and get you situated, when she gets back.”  
I wondered how long she would be gone; was she taking a walk or something?  I looked out the screen door into the sunshine.  How long was I going to mop floors for?  I was pretty hungry at this point as well, not having eaten at all yet that day, and I didn’t know the plan as far as meals were concerned.  Were there regular meal times or was it every man for himself?  Where did we get the food from?  
I felt more and more irritated about how this job was shaping up with each passing minute.  Larry seemed to be treating Katie carefully, like some mildly-disturbed house guest that you didn’t want to upset, and Phyllis seemed more like one of the old appliances than a fellow employee.  I looked back at Larry and he tossed me some steel wool and told me to help him on the machine he was cleaning, which was an aluminum meat slicer.
As I walked over to him Katie came back in through the screen door.  Larry said over his shoulder, “Katie, get Will settled and head back down and we’ll give him the official tour of the place.”  His round shoulders went back to lurching over the sink and his whole body twitching as he scrubbed the main parts of the slicer.  
Katie looked at me and pursed her lips.  “Ready to see your new digs?”   
I followed her with my odd suitcase and beat up guitar over to the right side of the kitchen, where there was a wooden staircase that led up to the 2nd floor room.  As I mentioned the main store, where all the stuff was for sale, was one huge room reaching up to the A-frame ceiling.   But on either side of the building, the front and the back where the kitchen was, there were rooms built like lofts above the main floor.  Larry and his wife lived in the big upper room at the front of the building, and they had a second-floor porch they could walk out on and see people coming in the store.  The rest of the staff, me, Katie and another person I had yet to meet, lived in the three smaller rooms in the back, above the kitchen, and shared the bathroom on our opposite end.  
Katie jogged up the stairs before me as we made our way to my room.  I ignored her cute little butt that fit well in her tight, tan cotton pants – the store uniform that I’d soon be wearing, I surmised.   
 “This place is ancient – and a little creepy at night,” she said as I topped the stairs.  “That staircase over there,” she pointed across the kitchen to the other wall, where a wooden staircase started, identical to the one we were walking up, which led up to another entrance to the second floor, “I’ve never gone up that staircase – and never will – it just seems… eerie.”  
I glanced over at it. “How long did you say you’d been here?”
“About two weeks.  I got here early – just me and Larry and Phyllis.”
“Was the park even open then?”
“Yea, I had some other job to do,” she said vaguely, “some administrative stuff…”  She was going to be really hard to read, I could see, a Mona-Lisa mix of coyness, hiddenness, seriousness, a typical woman in other words, all wrapped up in a young, dirty-blonde, pretty face.  
I couldn’t image what “administrative work” might be but she apparently didn’t want to talk about it, so I changed the subject.  “So, what’s working for Larry like?” 
 She smirked back at me, “What do you think of him?”  At least she was kind of smiling now.
“I don’t know enough about him to say yet,” I said carefully.
“Well… Phyllis’s nice.” 
She led me down the hall but then stopped and looked back at me.  “Larry’s fine, I suppose,” she continued walking after a moment, as if changing visibly trying to think of the right words.  
“He’s mostly harmless…”  She stopped by a door the end of the hallway.  “I worked in the store here last year with him and Phyllis, and I survived.  Here you go!”
She opened the door to the last room in the hall and walked in and I walked in behind her.  I was greeted with a room of small dimensions, about 20 feet long and 12 feet wide, completely made out of wooden boards – the floor, walls and the ceiling.  The wood was left unpainted or stained, and was just covered with a think, clear varnish, so that the room was actually pretty bright, shiny and airy – like a giant, dry, comfy wooden box!  A large, single window was set in the back wall and was the only source of light besides a small lamp on a little table.  The only other furnishings were a twin bed, a chest of drawers, and a full length mirror.  I peeked into the closet and saw a few hangers, some towels and some extra sheets and pillows piled up.  
My new home...  I tossed the suitcase on the bed and laid the guitar against the wall, and took stock of my surroundings. 
“Not bad, kind of fits the area,” I said.  
Katie was watching me again I noticed.  This watchful and wary stare kept me off balance.  I could sense in her a lot of thinking was going on, but nothing was being said.   In her heart was a deep, locked-down well of emotion, hidden, I surmised.   
“I’m wondering if you belong here…” she suddenly said, as if in answer to my thoughts, and then quickly she looked away, embarrassed.  “I didn’t mean it like that,” she said hurriedly. “I mean living in a log cabin like this.”
“I’ve seen worse,” I said, again feeling a little sting of wounded pride.  I had spent lots of time in the outdoors, actually, but only on day hikes and weekend camping trips, nothing to boast about.
“Well now that you’re here,’” she asked with more seriousness, turning back towards me,  “what do you think about it?”
 “You’re a two timer, what do you think about it?” 
She shrugged, “I thought I did… I came out here because I was in love with the mountains…”  She looked down at the floor and shrugged again.  “Jury’s still out though.”
There was a momentary silence.  I looked around at my new home.  “Is your room the same as this one?” 
“Identical,” she said, “but Ronnie’s is bigger, a bit.  Has a big king-size bed too.  He’s here somewhere, probably out smoking.”  She held the door open.  “You’ll meet him in a bit; he got here a couple days ago.  Drove this crappy car all the way from Michigan.”
“What about Ronnie,” I asked.  “Does he belong here?”
She watched me for a second, trying to read my thoughts again.  “Larry’s waiting down there to give you the tour,” she said with another coy smile, and swung around and was out the door.  
Eight


I liked the room.  It was the only thing I had seen yet that was as I had imagined – a rough, rugged simple chamber hard and unadorned.   I stood alone in the center of it for a moment, and just looked around, trying to picture myself living in this small space.  Yes, I like this place; at least this is where I can go to escape the key chains, fridge magnets, and Larry.  Then I put my bags away and walked back down the hall.  As I made my way downstairs into the kitchen again, I saw that Katie had left once more.  Larry was on a phone attached to wall, writing down some numbers, and Phyllis was spraying Windex on the windows at the back of the kitchen, newly hung with her curtains.  
Larry looked up to me as he finished his call and hung up the phone.  “I sent Katie out to get more supplies from the storage shed.  I told her I needed you to get to work A.S.A.P.  The tour will have to wait.  Grab some gloves and help me mop this place.  We got a big supply order coming in tonight!”
He pointed towards a bucket and a pile of cleaning supplies.  Facing the prospect of a summer of mopping, wondering if I had just screwed up my life completely, I got started.  As I worked helping him mop up grease and film that developed over the previous summer and the long winter when the place was boarded up, he told me about the store.
“The operation works like this,” Larry grunted as he shoved the mop around in quick, jerking swipes.  “We open for business at 7 a.m., and close at 7 p.m.  About half of the customers are tourists just in for a day trip, passing though in the jammers or in their own cars and campers, and the other half are campers set up in the camp sites down the way, who stay for a weekend or week or two.” 
He continued, “You three,” meaning me, Katie and the third employee I’d yet to meet, “work the store and snack bar in shifts, and I work out the schedule.  Open seven days a week – but only half a day on Sunday.  One person runs the cash register in gifts, the other runs the register in the snack bar, and the other employee cooks.  Phyllis cooks too.  I fill in for anyone in any department on their days off – and I manage the operation, the books, and the customers.”
“Sounds simple enough,” I said, dipping the mop in the bucket at my feet.
“It’s not,” Larry said, shaking his head.  “I’ve been managing this store for seven years, and I’ve seen a lot of crazies come and go.  But I run a tight ship.
“We live in Missoula during the winter, Phyllis and me, but we go back to Kansas more often than not most winters.” 
He continued as he swashed the mop around some more.  “Trash goes out in Wednesdays, stock deliveries on Fridays, ahead of the weekends.  Weekends are busy – and I do mean busy.”  He emphasized with a dumping of the mop head into the bucket, splashing water around in the yellow bucket.     
He explained about how the staff would cook our own meals in the kitchen with food brought in by the park along with all the other supplies; we didn’t have to shop for groceries and didn’t have to get toiletries, all that was provided.  There was one question answered, I thought as I slopped the mop around in one corner of the kitchen.  Sometimes Phyllis would cook for everyone, he told me.   I could image her preparing some big dinner like we were all a family – she seemed like the type that would like to do that. 
But then Larry’s voice all of a sudden got a lower, and had a warning edge.  “You gotta watch out for free loaders though buddy, and shoplifters.  Kids from res, Indians.”  He stared at me gravely.  “You see any funny business, you let me know ASAP.”
“The ‘res?’” I asked.
“Reservation – the Indians – Native Americans.  The Blackfoot.  Troublemakers.”  He shrugged as if all the terms were one and the same thing.  “You’d be wise to stay away all together from them.”
“Why?” I asked him, holding my mop and looking at him dubiously.  But before he could answer a tall younger man walked in through the back screen door in into the kitchen.  
He was tall and lanky, and had a light brown mustache, which was odd for someone in their late 20s and not in fashion at that time by any means.  He looked a bit dorky, but ironically sported an Asian-style, big shoulder tattoo which showed a Japanese Geisha girl in fine detail, surrounded by billowing clouds of red, blue and black.  It was a bold, colorful piece that stood out awkwardly from his otherwise inkless body and seemed contradictory.  He was shirtless, for some reason, as he walked in from outside, and had on jeans and no shoes.  He was drinking coffee and I could smell the leftover cigarette aroma which he must have just finished as he walked in.  
He smiled warmly at me.  “Will?  How ya doing?  I’m Ronnie.  Katie told me you were in here so I came to meetcha.”  
We shook hands and I said it was good to meet him too.  
“Where ya from?” he asked.  I noticed that Larry had stopped mopping and was watching us.  
“Atlanta.”
“Oh yea? I was down there last year on business.  Fuckin’ great town.”
“I asked you not to use profanity, Ronnie,” Larry said flatly.  “It’s your day off; don’t you have anywhere to be?”  
Ronnie smirked at Larry.  “Sure it’s my day off, but I was beginning to miss you, Dad.”    He winked at me, sitting down at a large kitchen table in the middle of the room, and propping his bare feet up on the table as he sat back in the chair, smiling broadly at Larry.  The undersides of his feet were dirty and had a couple blades of grass stuck on them.  “I can’t tear myself away from this store, boss...  Gotta cleanup for these Brady Bunchers coming to see us soon, right Will?”
Larry led out a purposefully loud sigh, shook his head and returned to his work. 
 “So Atlanta, huh?” he said.  “I’m from Detroit, I’m embarrassed to say.  Never going back, I hope.   That’s why I came out here.”
“What kind of work did you do in Detroit?”  I asked, beginning to mop some more as we spoke.  
“Well, for a while I was working for UPS – as a corporate guy not a driver – made good money but worked like eighty hours a week.  I left that and started my own consulting business, which is on a temporary hiatus...”
Larry snorted as he dipped his mop again.  Ronnie continued, pretending not to notice.  “I’m up here to get away from the dregs of the Detroit business scene – absolutely no momentum there, not a dime to be made, my friend.”  He took a sip of his coffee.  
“Basically I was broke.  My uncle was a rancher up here but died a couple years ago.  I hope to get situated in Montana and maybe get into the ranching business soon.”
“You told me yesterday you were studying to be a veterinarian,” Larry grunted.
“Did I?”  Was all Ronnie said, and he actually seemed genuinely surprised.  Turning back to me.  “What brought you up here Will?”
It took me a second to figure out what to say.  I should have already expected and prepared an answer for just this question, but I had only uncovered part of the answer myself, and only partially.  “Just heard it was a beautiful place; I just wanted to live somewhere different.”
“What’d you do before you got here?”   
“Existed,” I said without even thinking about it, almost involuntarily.  
Ronnie smiled, as if for the first time in the conversation he had heard something he thought worth hearing.
Larry would later tell me that Ronnie came from a wealthy family, who owned a nation-wide busing company.  His last name I recognized, since it is splayed on the front and back of privately owned luxury tour busses and RVs I have seen driving down the highways all the time.  I was impressed by that, and even more confused as to his job history he related to me, which was spotty and aimless.  He seemed to have no real discernable trade, other than a “glorified” this or that, and he certainly didn’t appear to be wealthy at all.  More like a suburban middle class kid with the gift of gab and the curse of apathy.  
One of his talents, though, was an easy confidence that drew people to him, a social ease that made you friends instantly, effortlessly.   When you meet someone who is truly comfortable in their own skin, it is a subtle and irresistible quality.  He didn’t have to try at it, he was just a fun guy to be around.  I liked him. 
He also had a talent for simply enjoying himself, and I began to feel that this was his only real motivation, not all the grandiose business ideas he kept coming up with.  Almost every night he was either drinking beer, which he would buy (or just take) from the grocery store below, or smoking marijuana which some friend of his FedEx’d him a few days into the summer, or screwing some random park employee girl, or all three at once.  Where he met the girls he slept with was a mystery to me, considering our location, because they weren’t campers or tourists, they were locals and employees from other places.  He would just show up with a new, usually very pretty girl at night at a bonfire we’d make, or at the lake, or in his room.  I told him early on into the summer that he should go into politics, run for office somewhere – it seemed the perfect career for him, but he just nodded at the suggestion.
Ronnie’s excess of booze and the rest was different than my friend Scott’s, I would soon realize.  Scott would lose control of himself in his drunken states, but Ronnie was always the same cool, calm, collected dude, even after hours of drinking beer.  He never lost his control; he managed it all easily, naturally.  He seemed primarily just to want to have fun, to find a place where his talents for being with people would be employed to some profit.  He seemed to be looking for something, like me, but his “something” was not a place, but more a moment, or a collection of moments. 
There was one single-minded subject, though, that Ronnie talked about almost daily that summer – the Perseid meteor shower, a yearly event, otherwise known as “The Tears of Saint Lawrence” – since it fell on that Roman saint’s day.  It came and streaked the night sky (in dark enough places to see it) with colorful missiles of space rock, hurling, burning meteors leaving sparkling tails with near light-speed.   He described it with a strange, childlike glee.  Ronnie was forever talking about how the meteor shower was going to appear in August as it did every year, and that we would be able to see it like nowhere else “out here in the boondocks.”  And to hear him describe the spectacle you would think that it was to see heaven itself burning and the night sky rent in two.  

Ronnie eventually wandered upstairs to his room, but not before inviting me later to join him and some girl he found to watch a DVD.  He told me to bring some beer.  I glanced at Larry as Ronnie left, but he didn’t seem to hear or notice.
I helped Larry the rest of the afternoon and we left off around 4 pm, Larry advising me to get a good night’s sleep to be ready to “take on the day” tomorrow.  He said he was going to have all of us working the next day, and that Katie and Ronnie were off today because of them helping him out the last couple of days.
He also told me as we finished cleaning that if I got up by 5 a.m., I could see the most amazing sun rises hitting the face of Mount Sinopah on most mornings.  I said “ok” but knew I’d never make it that early, ever, for anything.  I was a night owl and always had been.  Hopefully the sunsets would be just as good, I thought to myself.
I finally had a meal, a sandwich heaping with cold roast beef and cheddar cheese I cut from a big block in that late afternoon, and sat at the kitchen table alone, thinking about what I had seen so far.  Not a single person I had met thus far had seemed to be “the outdoor type,” or seemed to even be that interested in the distant mountains and beautiful wilderness beyond.  You could have lifted the entire store and its staff, in fact, and dropped it down into a shopping mall anywhere in the suburbs of a city and it would have fit right in, more or less.  
I took my meal out onto the back porch in the back of the store, which also had some chairs on it, and sat down to get a look at the distant mountains surrounding the valley and our lake, called Two Medicine Lake.  
I felt better being outside and seeing that, despite the store’s cheap, retail garishness, I was nonetheless living in a stunning and uninhabited place.  Two Medicine was what the magazine had promised: the little-traveled heart of a little-known National Park, in the middle of nowhere, and I was surrounded by some of the most stunning outdoor scenes I had ever seen.  
I tried to buoy up my feelings by reminding myself that I would soon be out hiking in those hills and mountains, encountering nature in its rawest and most vivid forms – even if no one else I worked with was interested in it.  There was an old map framed and hanging on the wall in the store that had all the hiking trails lined in various colors and meandering through the mountains and around the lake.  As I rocked back and forth on the back porch in my rocking chair, staring up at the hills across the lake, I told myself that I had done the right thing.  Yes, this was going to be an incredible place, one I would never forget.  
I thought of Scott back home, my plastic chair and my desk in my office, and of Holly, as I sat there.  The rocking chair creaked back and forth on its old legs.  It felt like years since I had seen them. 
That night I crawled into bed exhausted.  Despite being nervous about starting the actual job the next morning and not knowing what was in store, I fell asleep pretty quickly.  The traveling had mostly done me in.  I couldn’t believe, as I lay there, staring up at the wooden ceiling with a little lamp on beside my bed, that I had been in Atlanta just the morning before.  It seemed weeks ago.  
I thought of Holly, again, as I lay there, staring up at the boards in the ceiling; she would have liked this room with its rustic charm.  I noticed to black spots in the ceiling by the window, and first thought they were knots in the wood or burn marks, but after getting up out of bed and making a close inspection, I saw they were two little black bats, balled up and sleeping.  How they got in and out of that room to fly around outside I couldn’t tell – the window was closed.   I left them to their sleep, and returned to bed to find mine.  

Nine


I slept like a rock until sometime in the middle of the night or very early morning.  A loud crash of thunder woke me, and I saw a flash of lighting out of the window that lit up the pitch-dark room for a fraction of a second.  I heard a scraping noise coming from the window, like somebody’s fingernails scraping along the wooden windowsills and hitting the glass, which startled me out of bed.  But as I looked out the window I saw that it was just a branch from a small tree that grew alongside the store by my room.  The bats were gone too, I noticed.  I returned to bed to get a fitful few hours of sleep after that.
Later in the morning at 6:30 a.m., I woke up to an alarm clock that had been provided by Larry, not surprisingly.  Sunlight shone in from the window and cast a rectangle of light on the opposite wall’s wooden boards.  I looked up at the ceiling for a few minutes, thinking about my first morning in this new world.  It felt strange to be lying in that little bed hearing sounds of others moving around downstairs, strangers that I was now living with, seeing parts of those mountains out past my window.
I got up and stretched, and then walked over to the windows.  I found that you could push them open – they opened from the sides and swung out like car doors, and there were no screens.  I was shocked to see a very light dusting of snow on the ground and the shrubs around the store – it was summertime in June, after all.  But apparently that storm had brought in some snow from the north up high in the Rockies and had powdered everything a bit in a final reminder that a savage winter was never very far away.  
After showering and then dressing, for the first time in my new burgundy polo shirt with a logo of Glacier Park on it and my requisite khakis, I headed out to start my new job.   
I heard a cough in Ronnie’s room and walked over to his door, curious to see how his room looked.  I saw him smoking in his room, leaning out of the windows that were identical to mine.  He was shirtless still, wearing only the work khakis and sneakers.  He looked me up and down and smirked.    
“Well, how was your first night buddy?”  He snapped the cigarette out the window and grabbed a wrinkled polo from off the bed.
“Not bad.  That storm freaked me out for a second, a lot of banging on the window.”  
“Yea? Well I slept like a stone – and now we’re off to our first day serving the campers of Glacier National Park…” He said, rolling his eyes as he looked himself over in the mirror, running his fingers through his short, brown hair, and then slapping himself on the face a bit to wake himself up.    

We walked down the creaking wooden stairs together and I could hear Larry already going on about something down below.  Down in the kitchen, he was standing by the metal kitchen table and Katie was already sitting there – not looking at Larry but reading a book, ignoring him apparently.  Phyllis was cooking breakfast, and I hoped it was for us.  Smells of pancakes and sausage cooking filled my senses.   We said our hellos and Ronnie and I sat at the table next to Katie.  Larry stood before us; those burgundy shirts he wore were too small for him!  His huge belly and flabby pectorals were emphasized by the tight fabric – why Phyllis didn’t try to get him fitted right I couldn’t imagine – but she probably couldn’t tell him to do anything he didn’t want to do.  He was wearing his thick glasses with black frames and white sneakers.   Phyllis was dressed in the park uniform too.   
As Phyllis set pancakes and syrup in front of us three, Larry cleared his throat.  “All right people,” he rumbled, “get ready.  Today is a big day – we’re opening for the first time this year, and I want it to go perfectly.  It’s easy to get flustered out there the first few days; you can get a lot of kooks and oddballs coming at you, among all the decent folk.  So, first rule – any problems, find me!”
Ronnie and I began to eat.  Katie just sipped some tea and read her book.  I wondered how busy it could possibly be since I had seen nobody around whatsoever the day before when I had arrived, no tourists or anyone.  
Larry continued, “Katie, you’ll be on the cash register in gifts.  Ronnie you’ll be cooking with Phyllis,” he nodded his head in Phyllis’s direction as she dumped the scrambled eggs from a steaming pot into a large bowl.  “And Will, you’ll run the register in the snack bar.”  
Larry went on for about 20 minutes about handling money, answering the phone, answering shopper’s questions, especially questions about the park and Two Medicine, which Larry said he’d rather answer personally, and other notes about the operation in general.  
The snack bar served only lunch and dinner, I found out, and the menu consisted mainly of burgers, fries, chili, chicken “fingers,” roast beef sandwiches, macaroni salad, and a final item that was a unique Two Medicine original – a creation called “The Mountain” – which was an odd assortment of ingredients.  It would start with rolling out pizza dough into a flat disc, dropping that into our fat fryer – which was where most of the things we cooked ended up, then pouring chili onto the fried dough, then lettuce, cheese, peppers, and a festive dollop of sour cream.  It wasn’t bad, actually, I eventually discovered after trying one.  A bit heavy, but definitely filled you up after a day of hard climbing.  Customers ordered it constantly.  Also, we sold shakes, and one of them was made with a famous local berry – the huckleberry – that made the shake purple; those were good too.
I watched Phyllis as she stepped around Larry to clean up the breakfast.  She struck me as the mother of some childhood friend who always treated you like you were one of her kids – warmly, naturally.  She was so dominated by Larry though, that I doubted if I would ever actually get to know her.  He barely regarded her as he spoke that morning – and seemed to consider her one more employee, although one who knew the operation up and down, like him.  
The two of them were Kansas through and through, and had that kind of simple, homey, awkward, “out-of-placeness” that Midwesterners have, especially in such a vivid landscape as our little valley in the Rockies.  

Larry guided me through the store after breakfast for my delayed “official tour,” before we officially opened the doors – which was going to be at 9 a.m., that day since it was our first day open.  He would re-position a hat here and tweak a post card stand there as we meandered around, him talking in a steady Kansas monotone, and me just listening with my eyes wandering around the store.
“This building was built in 1914,” he explained, “and it’s the oldest structure still standing in the entire Park.”  He pointed up to the ceiling.  “These logs were taken right from the ground where the building sits, and around it.  President Franklin D. Roosevelt gave a national radio address from this building on August 5, 1934, while on a visit to Glacier.
“The actual national park is vast,” he continued.  “It extends over the Canadian border, actually, although that part of it is called ‘Waterton Park,’ but it’s the same park, looks a little different up there though.”  
He indicated the aisles of shirts and other souvenirs by the front doors.  “You have your park stuff up there.”  He waved his a hand vaguely around the aisles to our left and right.  “More knick knacks around here; and groceries and the snack bar way back there.  I don’t like that we sell that booze, but you have campers who want to drink and the park lets them, for some damned reason.”  
I followed along with his tour quietly, wondering if many people actually bought the souvenirs we had up front.  I looked over at the shelves of liquor and saw a variety of colors and sizes of wines, cheap liquor like “Mad Dog 20/20,” and more expensive, high-quality whiskeys, beers and some other boozy selections.  
“Employees of my store shouldn’t be allowed to drink either,” he said looking at me sourly, “but a couple years ago the park chastised me trying to fire the whole lot of them for a bonfire party they threw nearby and got drunk at – with our booze!”  He shook his head as we walked up to the front doors.  “Didn’t even pay for it.  So it’s allowed, but technically it is frowned up,” he said, frowning upon it as he spoke.
“It can definitely make things more complicated,” I said.
He showed me how to work the giant fireplace flue, and admonished me against using too much wood during the day. “Loafers like to sit in the rocking chairs and just vegetate – they aren’t buying anything if they are sitting here,” he muttered.  
The fire logs were enormous, about four feet long, and weighed a great deal, and they would burn all day.   We would usually keep a fire going, even in the summer, but it would be kept small, tamed.  But at night the place was ours – the staff’s – and Ronnie, Katie and I would often get it going pretty good and sit around enjoying the ambiance, enjoying the fun of burning up Larry’s big logs.  
Larry finished my tour by bringing me up to the front door, where I had first come in.  He drew out a keychain from his pocket with about 50 keys on it and unlocked the swinging, wooden doors.  Sunlight poured in like white gold when he opened them both up wide, jamming wooden blocks under them with his white sneaker to keep them open.  I liked that there were no screen doors, just an open threshold to let all the nature air in.  I would find out later that screen doors would be eventually used – for a very good reason.
A cool and clean-smelling air blew into my face as the doors were set wide, and I smelled a faint aroma of pine needles and sun-warmed earth, and some grassy and flowery smells I didn’t recognize at all.  I noticed also that outside the dusting of snow was almost all melted away.
For some reason the coolness of the breeze caused a shock of excitement to hit me.  I felt a kind of anticipation that made me feel, for the first time, that something good would happen in this place, and that I had done the right thing.
“Let’s go!”  Larry called over to me from inside the store, and I walked back towards him with a new, confident sense of purpose.   Day one of building my new life had begun.


Ten

 
	Not long after opening the doors tourists and campers began to wander in through the front doors.  Customers would mill around the aisles and stare at the fireplace.  Some would buy groceries and order a random meal before heading out into the woods to hike.  I could see Katie up front running the gifts area register, wrapping up peoples purchases in brown paper if they were breakable, and shoving sweatshirts and hats in paper bags.  I found it unsettling to be running a cash register in a snack shop, taking orders for burgers and salad; it was a menial job to be sure, and I felt a little undignified.  But I reminded myself probably a dozen times that day, that it was all for a good cause – I was getting settled in Montana.  I wouldn’t work the store forever, and I’d look for permanent work as the summer ended, but for now I would get the lay of the land, learn the place, and, as a part of it, hand people their huckleberry shakes and Mountain chili tacos.    
Ronnie seemed at home in the kitchen, joking with Phyllis who I didn’t hear speak at all, and lounging around the back porch when orders weren’t in.  Larry stayed up front with Katie in gifts, always the busiest part of the store for most of the day.  He came by to my station only twice that first day, to count out the register.  
For the most part, we would see a tourist’s face maybe once or twice in the store, and then never again, since the campers didn’t stay long.  Most visitors to Glacier stayed at several locations and drove all over the Park during their trips.  
	We’d get locals from Kalispell from the west (which some locals called “Cattlesmell,” because of the vast cattle ranches) and Native Americans – the Blackfoot – off the reservation from the East, from a little town called Browning, which was at the heart of the reservation, about fifteen miles from Two Medicine Valley.   
	The first couple of days I stayed at the snack bar cash register, taking orders, ripping off order tickets and walking them back to Ronnie or Katie who were learning to cook the menu from Phyllis.  As I’d done the first day, I’d hand the food over to guests and they’d sit at the little tables around the snack bar, or head back outside to eat somewhere else.  Then I’d ring up people buying groceries and camp supplies near the back of the store.  I learned to cook the menu eventually too, and became pretty good at making “The Mountain,” if I do say so myself.  
Working the front register was trickier, because for one, you’d get a lot of questions about the park, the local flora and fauna, the mountains, the history of the store, and a million other queries for which I had no real answer.  Ronnie told me after a while that he just started answering “bear grass” when asked what this flower or this bush was called.  There was an actual flowering grass on the mountains called “bear grass,” but I couldn’t argue with his simple solution.
The other reason it was trickier is because the front of the store was, as I mentioned, Larry’s turf; he would stalk around and re-arrange the goods, keeping an eye scanning the customers, watching me or whoever was working up front make change during sales, and generally just make a nuisance of himself.  Larry particularly watched the Blackfoot Indians that would come in from Browning, casting an obvious and awkward glare at them whenever they ventured into the store.  They were always younger people, the Blackfoot that came to visit, teens and some in their 20s, and they mostly bought candy, CDs, sometimes booze, or they’d get shakes at the snack bar.

One such visitor from Browning was a girl named Alia Reynolds.  I noticed her immediately as she came in through the main doors on a day soon after we opened.  I was re-folding some shirts near the front and noticed her glance at me as she walked in.  She was small, really pretty, and looked about eighteen or nineteen.  She had straight dark hair, of course, but also a cute little pixie face with a slightly Asian caste.  She had a little upturned nose and large brown, slightly Oriental eyes that gave her a fairy-like, coquettish look.  She had a perfect little figure, a small frame but with the voluptuous curviness of grown woman.  Tan legs led up to tight white shorts.  She wore a black t-shirt with some rock band’s name on it I couldn’t make out, and her hair was partly up in a puffy bun, which revealed a little neckline with a small necklace encircling and partly hidden by the t-shirt. 
I absolutely couldn’t take my eyes off her as she meandered around the aisles.  She had come in with a couple of other girls who went off to the snack bar, where Ronnie was working the register.  Despite my recent vow to be done with the opposite sex for a while, I moved over to the aisle she was at, which displayed posters and framed pictures of Two Medicine and other parts of the Park.  It had always been difficult for me to just walk up and try to meet a girl I was attracted to – it felt so awkward and… off.   And I would always build it up to such a big deal, too, before I would try.  But with her I felt hesitation but never considered for a moment not walking over to her – I had to be closer.
I started arranging some picture frames down the aisle from her, glancing over to her clandestinely, hoping she’d need my help for something.  I was at a loss of what to say to try to break the ice, and the longer I just stood there the harder it was becoming.    
She was definitely the most beautiful girl I had seen in a very long time.  Every inch of her attracted me, each facet of her, from her way of standing with one foot back on its toe, to her expression that looked amused and also skeptical.  I felt physically pulled to her in a way I had never felt before, not even with Holly, and the entire rest of the store, the rest of the world, was distant and out of focus when I stole glances at her.  
I noticed her glance back at me a couple times as she meandered around.  It made my heart beat faster.  Come on Will, say something damn it.  I looked around for Larry with a sudden fear that he was stalking her already, hidden somewhere, thinking her a shoplifter, but he was for once nowhere in sight, thank God.  Then the thought occurred to me that she may actually be a shoplifter, not because she was an Indian but because anyone could be – and what would I do if she shoved some little knickknack into her shorts?  Probably nothing!  That could be the icebreaker; I’d let her do her thing and then it’d be “our little secret!”
But she wasn’t a shoplifter, of course.  Her and her friends were just killing time, bored of Browning, bored of the reservation, just milling around as they would a shopping mall. 
	She suddenly looked over at me and said, “You guys have any other CDs?”  She scrunched up her nose a bit as she held up a John Denver CD.  
Her voice was not as high as I expected, and she had a little of the Browning accent – a mix of Midwestern vowels and that Native American swallowing of consonants sound.  I glanced over at the CD rack, trying to think of what she would want – our selection was more catered to older folks and had a definite outdoor theme – classical, orchestral, acoustic stuff.  Aaron Copeland was popular, as was George Harrison and Jimmy Buffet. 
“Not really, that’s all the stuff the Park gets.”  I stared into those big eyes that looked up at me and I tried not to look away.
	“It’s not bad stuff, I was just wondering…”  She looked at the CD, and then aside at the store vaguely.  
	“You camping here?”  I asked her, getting a little of my calmness back.   I could tell she was a local, but didn’t want to offend her by asking if she was from Browning, like it was a stereotypical assumption based on her appearance.  
	She smirked.  “No, I’m from Browning.  You aren’t from Montana, I can tell.”
	“From Georgia, the south,” I said, smiling a little.  
	“How old are you?” she asked.  	
	“Twenty-six.”
	“Wow, ancient!”  	
	“Thanks.  You’re what… fourteen?” 
	“Nineteen,” she said, smiling coolly.  We finally held each other’s gaze for a movement, our eyes saying something to each other, better than our clunky chit-chat could.  
	“What’s your name?” I asked her.
“Alia.”  

I chatted with her for a few more minutes, talking about where we were from some more, telling her about the store, until Larry came back downstairs from where he had been up on the 2nd floor and began ambling over towards us.  He was scanning Alia with those big glasses, looking at her hands to see if she was buying anything.  His simple mind operated in block letters, I imagined: GIRL. INDIAN. PURCHASE? LOAFER? SHOPLIFTER?  
Larry seemed more guard-dog than man most days, and his presence next to such a beautiful and interesting creature as Alia was like somebody tossed a bloated bag of garbage onto a field of untouched, fallen snow.  
Her friends came over to her with shakes in their hands and one for her, and then they started pulling her away to leave.  I felt relieved as least her group had conducted some sort of purchase in the store – then I glanced irritably at Larry as Alia walked away.
	But she looked back at me and said, “See you soon Will.  Nice meeting you.”  
I watched her walk out, memorizing unconsciously her every inch of her.  Her little bottom outlined tight in her tiny shorts, the back of her stocky little tanned legs ending in small  pink shoes, her mostly-up hair falling in little escaped strands onto her tiny, curved neck.  I wanted to kiss that neck where the hair was falling. 
	“Red Alert!”  Larry grunted, now right beside me.  His big belly brushed up against my arm as he squeezed past me to open the cash register, a distasteful shock after just having been a couple of feet from that perfect creature.   
	“What?” I stammered at him, I was focused on Alia leaving.  .
“I said ‘Red Alert’ – means ‘Indians in the vicinity.’”  Larry smiled a crooked grin like he had shared a clever secret.   Then he grew more serious, his brow furrowing above his thick lenses.  “Gotta keep an eye on the Reds – sticky fingers.  We ‘circle the wagons’ when they walk in.”
I looked at him a long moment with disgust, finally realizing what he was talking about, and I just shook my head at him.  He shrugged and began fumbling with the cash register, opening the drawer to count the cash.  I brushed past him and went back to the kitchen to get as far away from him as I could.  

I didn’t see Alia for another week.  She finally came in again after a few days, though, and this time she was alone, and this time I was determined to establish some kind of a date with her, my vow now forgotten.  I was working the snack bar this time, so Larry’s barbaric presence wasn’t going to be an issue.  
	She was wearing much the same outfit as last time.  She had on bright gold hoop earrings this time, and had put on some eye shadow that brought her already supernatural eyes out even more.
	“So,” she smiled, “can you cook?”  
	“Let’s find out…” I said.  “What can I get you?”  I motioned to the menu on the wall behind me.
	“I’m not hungry; I just came to kill some time.”   Her large eyes looked at me, and then around the kitchen.  “So do you like working here?”
	“I do, I think.  Just been a week and a half, but I think this place is growing on me.”
	I grabbed a medium size cup and filled it with Coke, and handed it to her, so at least she’d have something.  She smiled and took it, grabbing a straw from the counter.  She seemed to have run out of conversation for a moment, and she actually seemed a little nervous.  I liked that.
“Listen,” I said, my heart starting to beat a little heavier, betraying me again, that same nervousness in my stomach rising up, “why don’t you hang around until I get off in a couple hours, at seven, and we can maybe go canoeing?”   
I felt strangely nervous talking to her now too, and I felt I had no control or confidence, but I just kept staring into those eyes, pushing down my reflex to look away, and I kept staring, and she stared back.  
Larry had this metal canoe I had seen when I first arrived locked up to a tree with a chain by the lake shore.  Nobody had used it yet, and Larry never mentioned it.  I knew where the key was, and I thought it would be a simple, quaint little date activity.  It was really the only thing I could think of, as well.  
	“Canoeing?” she asked, wrinkling up her little nose.  “You say it funny – “Cannewing…”  She tried to say it in a southern accent, which was almost nonexistent.  
I laughed.  “So is that a ‘yes’?”  
“Sure, that sounds nice,” she said, smiling back at me.  I liked her slight smile, but it looked held back, cautious. 

We arranged to meet a little ways down the lake shore past the store, which was my way of hopefully avoiding Larry, and even Ronnie, who would be all over this girl if he met her I feared.  He already had shown his proclivity for showing up with random girls and bedding them down in his king-sized lair.  As Alia left with our plans to meet up, I looked back into the kitchen, and I saw Ronnie peering down into the fat fryer in a kind of bored daze, not paying attention to the rest of the store, idly poking some floating dough around in the boiling oil with a spatula.  
	At 7 p.m., I was already down by the shore.  The shore of the lake was made up of smooth stones and pebbles and a little sand underneath to keep it soft.  The lake stretched out a couple of miles to the other side of the valley, and was oval shaped, from where I stood.  The lake was also encircled by huge peaks that were still lit up by the distant sun, even this late in the evening, a rosy-red light brightly painted the tops of the highest peaks in the darkening sky.  
	I tried the key on the chain lock at the canoe and made sure it unlocked.  Then I walked back down to a fallen tree spot on the lake I had pointed out to Alia before.  A half-fallen tree stretched into the water, it had lain there a long time I could see.  The water of the lake was very clear so I could look down into it and make out the stones and sand at the bottom, and the fallen tree limbs many feet down in the cold water.   
	As I looked out over the lake, I wondered if I was doing the right thing, now remembering my sacred vow.  I was only here a week and a half, and had come here partly because of a painful and jarring breakup, and I had had some kind of revelation that that relationship had somehow compromised me and turned me into some office-dwelling automaton, yet here I was – waiting to meet a girl that thrilled me all over again.  What would the Bandit do?  The Bandit would be here, waiting to take her out in a canoe, I reasoned.  It was very Bandit-like, what I was doing; so I muttered “what the hell” and resolutely sat down on the shore to wait. 
	After a while I started to think she may not even come.  The evening light was fading and even the tallest peaks were not just dark spires against indigo blue.   But then I heard crunching steps and saw Alia walking towards me on the shore.  She had on her little pink sneakers, and a different rock band shirt, with the sleeves cut off, and cut-off jean shorts, cut very short, exposing the white pockets underneath, the corners peeking out over on her tanned, shapely thighs.  She was wearing little earrings which dangled below her lobes; I looked closer and saw that they were little, metal arrowheads, pointing down to the earth as the swung. 
	A little shock of nervousness hit me again as I saw her, but it was faint, and I scanned her face to see how she was feeling.  She seemed amused again, but still a little hint of shyness in her smile.  
	We dragged the canoe into the water part way, I held it steady as she got in, then I shoved it out and hopped into the back in the last second without getting wet.  I only found one wooden paddle in the shed in the back yard behind the store, and I began paddling out on the smooth water.  A small ripple of wind kissed the surface, but otherwise it was a very still evening, thankfully.  The wind would often suddenly come down from the mountains many in the evening, ripping through the trees and shaking the windows, as if having waited all day for the sun to hide, it came down with a vengeance, intent on making itself known again.  It was usually strongest in the in-between time, when the day turned to evening and the temperature would drop as the coldness from the mountains seeped down to us in the valley. 
	But this evening was relatively warm and peaceful.  Even in June the evenings were cold very often, but not tonight.  As I paddled the craft over the water, I could smell a sugary perfume that floated over from her, as she was sitting only about three feet in front of me in the middle bench seat.  She was facing forward and rested her head in her hands, hunched over.  I gazed at her curving spine and noticed how smooth her neck was under dark, straight hair – which she had put up again.  I wanted to bury my face in her neck, smell her hair and kiss the delicate space under her ear.  
I breathed deeply and smiled to myself at how perfect this scene was.  This is what I had hoped for when I left Georgia, I thought to myself as I paddled.  I gazed at the mountains in the distance.  I had sworn off women, and I wanted to start a new life alone, but with her… something is different!	
	The act of gliding silently in the water in a canoe was mesmerizing us both into silence.  A “V” ripple spread out behind us as we glided, I saw as I looked back that the store was a good distance away.    
Here was this beautiful, young, mysterious Native American girl I had just met days ago, almost a total stranger, in Montana, in the middle of the mountains, in a canoe.  
	“What’s your last name, Alia?” 
“Reynolds.  Like the wrap,” she said without looking back.
“That’s not a very Native American sounding name.”
“No shit.”  She looked back and offered me a smile to show she was teasing me.
There was a pause in our conversation as we glided over the water, and before it got too long, I asked, “So what do you think of Browning?”
“What do I think of it?”  She turned around carefully on her little bench and smiled at me.  “You’ve not been there then?”
“Not yet.”
“Don’t go – it’s a real shit hole.”  She looked past me back across the water.  “I grew up on the reservation in Browning.  Browning is on reservation land but it’s a separate town.  I’m not full-blooded Blackfoot, though.  My mom was….  I mean she is half-Japanese, and some white too.  My dad’s full blood though.”
I could see the Japanese in her; her small frame and petite figure, the olive shade to her skin competing with the Native American tanned, reddish tone.  Most of the Blackfoot girls I’d seen off the reservation were chubby, more Hispanic-looking actually, not the small and exotic figure that Alia had, nor the paler skin and darker hair that drew me.  And her eyes were not the ubiquitous brown the Indians had, but much darker, larger.  
We glided on and she told me about how she was taken from her mother and the guy her mom was living with at the time when she only seven years old.  
“I never met my father,” she said, “and my mom never told me much about him, except that he was full blood, and had been in the army and then was a truck driver.  When I asked how he died my mom told me he had fallen through the ice on some iced-over lake up in Canada somewhere; but…” She trailed off for a minute, watching the water trail behind her fingers she dragged in the water as we moved.  
“But I like to think he’s out there still driving a big rig, maybe up north in the Arctic, or at least that he died a more interesting death… some violent, terrible death – something more meaningful.”   She looked back at me.  “Is that weird do you think?”  
“No,” I said.  “I think I know what you mean.”
She looked back down at the water, her fingers of one hand trailing on the surface of the water.  It was actually a very poetic image – a solitary, lonely girl riding on the mirror-smooth water and staring sadly into the dark mirror of the surface.  

Evenings were strange in this part of the country.  The sun would fade fast and hide behind the peaks early, the sky would darken and the wind kick up and you’d get ready for night, but then the expanse of sky overhead would hold onto its light until late, maybe 10 or 11 p.m., in the peak of summer, as night was pushed further and further back each day.  It was one of those glowing, endless-dusk blue skies that we glided under.  I shifted the paddle to the other side.
“Do you want to hear something really interesting?” Alia asked in a quieter voice.  But before I could answer, she continued, “I was put in foster care after my dad was gone.  My first foster family was ok, but they had to give me up after two years because they moved.  
“My second family,” she paused, staring down into the water.  “I don’t know if you care about any of this…”
“I do actually.” 
“My second family… wasn’t ‘ok.’  My foster dad, Gary, was a high school teacher in Browning, but he drank a lot and was angry at his wife all the time – she was my high school cafeteria lady, actually.  She was nice.  Her name was Susan.  She was a big fat lady and always baked cookies for me on Sundays – that was her thing, baking all the time.  The house always smelled so good.  After Gary got done teaching and would come home and pass out.
“Gary snuck into the bathroom one night when I was taking a bath and took his clothes off.”  She was silent for a second, and I didn’t say a word.  I noticed I had stopped paddling.  
 “He got in the tub with me, water spilled out over the edge all over the floor.  He… did stuff I don’t need to say.  I was so scared that I couldn’t even move.  I was frozen.  Like in some nightmare.   Susan came in when the water began dripping through the downstairs ceiling.   I remember her screaming; I can still hear it – her screaming.   I remember her grabbing my wrist and yanked me out of the tub.  Gary just laughed, and he stayed in the tub.”
She chuckled and glanced back at me, she tried to mask her embarrassment with a smirk.  “I don’t know why the hell I told you all that.  I don’t even know you.  Now you think I’m some kinda psycho I guess.”
“No, I don’t, Alia,” I shook my head.  “I can’t imagine what that was like… for you to go through that.  What happened to that guy?”  
She frowned and looked down at the water, creating her own little wake with her fingers again.  “I was eleven when he did that.  Damaged goods now.”
“Get in line.”  I said.  
“I was taken to a third family after that,” she said after a moment.  “They were actually good people, but by then I had had enough of foster homes.  In my junior year in high school, when I was seventeen, I was granted emancipation, from the court, because I already had a job and a place to live on my own, from money I got from the federal government because of being in the tribe, and I got in my own place.”
“How much money did you get?”  I asked.
“About six thousand,” she said, with a laugh.
The oar knocked sometimes against the side of the boat as we moved; otherwise the only sound was the distant ducks and loons sounding off, and a small plane going overhead that sounded like a bumble bee slowly crossing the sky.
“Ugh, enough of that shit,” she said, smirking at me as she flung a little water into my face.  “So, tell me you’re story, Mr. Georgia.”  She wiped her fingers on her shorts.
	I paddled some more for a second.  “I grew up in Atlanta, kind of a typical suburban kid, except I never seemed to fit completely.  When I got to high school I was already playing guitar good enough to be in some bands, and I started liking art and literature, so I was a little different in my school, and even in my family.  I’m an only child and my dad’s this lawyer in Atlanta, and set me up with the best high school in town.  He set me up in college too, and then he set me up with a job afterwards to finish me off.”
	 I switched sides to paddle us closer to the shore.  “He didn’t pay for college or give me money to live on, though, so don’t think I was some rich prick.”
She snorted with a laugh.  “I didn’t think that.” 
“He was good to have helped as he did, though”
	“Were you happy growing up there?” she asked.
	I thought about the question for a moment.  “No,” I finally said, “except when I was by myself.  I remember building a stick forts in the woods, fishing, hiking, reading, trying to write little guitar songs.  I was lonely a lot, but I was happy.” 
I looked out past her ahead of us, towards the other end of the lake.  “Probably should be heading back,”  
	“Sing me something on the way back,” she said, splashing me again.  “We gotta lighten this mood.”
	“Do that again and I’ll flip this boat,” I said, “that’ll lighten the mood.  I never said I sing.”
	“You sing,” she said with assuredness.  “I can always tell – you sing.”
	I thought about it for a minute.  “What the hell.”  
	I sang her a song from Led Zepplin, but I didn’t tell her it was them.  She was too young to know, I figured.

Spent my days with a woman unkind, 
Smoked my stuff and drank all my wine.
Made up my mind to make a new start, 
Going To California with an aching in my heart.
Someone told me there's a girl out there with love in her eyes and flowers in her hair.
Took my chances on a big jet plane, never let them tell you that they're all the same.

	She clapped her hands with a big smile on her little face as I finished, not with sarcasm but with honest delight.  “Nice job!” she said. “Now sing me one you wrote.”
“Next time… we’re almost back.”  I pointed over to the store with the paddle as we approached shore.  I paddled harder and soon the boat ground to a halt on the rocky shore right where we had started.  As we ground to a halt on the shore she lost her balance on the bench and plopped down into the bottom of the boat at my feet.
“Fuck!” she shouted.  Her little butt had gotten wet with the dirty water that had sloshed around in the bottom of the canoe, collected from the drips of the paddle as it passed from side to side as we went along.
I quickly helped her out onto the shore, and then I dragged the boat up to the trees back to where it had been, and locked it up with the chain.  
“So,” I said, wiping off my hands on my jeans, “we survived, almost intact.  You ok?”
“I’m fine,” she said, wiping her bottom.  “I’m an ‘Injun’ remember?  We invented canoes.”
“So, you got time to take a walk around the lake with me?” 
She wrinkled up her nose as she did from time to time, and her little mouth slid sideways, in thought.  “No, don’t really have time, Will, and it’s getting dark.  But show me your room in the store… I want to see where you guys live.  I’ve always wondered what those rooms looked like.”
I glanced over at the store warily, thinking of Larry and his strict “no guests” rule, Ronnie with his shirt off and sexual overdrive, and wondered whether it was worth the risk.   I looked back at Alia. She looked so beautiful, and it definitely was.
“Ok,” I said, “but let’s go the back way.” 
I walked her back towards the rear entrance, which led to the kitchen, and she grabbed my hand as we walked.  This made my heart beat a little faster.  Her little hand was soft and very warm.  I smiled at her. 
“Well, well, well,” I joked, from my own tension more than anything else, “Ms. Romantic.”
She laughed and ripped her hand away.  “Fine – screw you then.”  
She ran up to the screen door in the back, her butt has two round water stains on it now.  
I called over to her.  “Wait!  Larry is kind of a dick about his rules…”  I ran up beside her to the screen door and grabbed her hand; she turned to me with a mischievous smile, her eyes showing entertainment at my awkwardness.  I smelled her fragrance and wanted so much just to bury my face in her hair and kiss her neck.  I looked through the screen door – and the coast seemed clear.  

Eleven


I led her quickly and quietly through the screen door and into the kitchen, then up the stairs, and finally into my room.  I could hear music blaring from Ronnie’s room; his door was open but we couldn’t see him in the room.
I hurriedly shut the door to my room and waved an arm around the tiny wooden rectangle.  “Here’s the tour – bed, closet, mirror, window, and…. bats.”  I pointed up in the slanted wooden ceiling at the little black lumps of fur clinging to their usual spot. 
“Hmmmmm,” Alia murmured as she walked over and studied them.  “So adorable…”   One of the bats moved, as if realizing it was being talked about, and Alia involuntarily recoiled, and then she stepped away and walked over and sat down on my bed, the only furniture in the room that offered a seat.  I sat down beside her.
Alia looked around the room and then at me; she smiled as if satisfied by the look of the place.  “Aside from the bats, I like it,” she said.
“They watch the place for me during the day.”
“This is pretty much what I thought these rooms would look like – log cabinny.”  She took the room in again, and then looked over across from me at my door.
“It might seem weird, but I like visiting this store,” she said after a moment.  “It seems… different, it’s like someone else’s house, kind of.  I like the faces I see here, most of them.  The people who visit here talk so different, from all over the place – goofy accents.  So different than what I’m used to… on the res.”
We were setting together just inches apart on the bed.  “The first time I saw you, I thought you were really handsome, and liked your smile,” she said.
“Past tense?”  I said softly, smiling slightly at her.  The tension was growing again, stronger now that we were alone.
“A little, still…” she said, staring into my eyes.
I hesitated for a second and she looked away shyly, over to the window.  You can only hold a gaze like that for so long, before either kissing or looking away.  And she looked away.  I worried for second, thinking I had blown my chance at a kiss.  I looked down at her neck where soft streams of dark hair escaped and met the smooth curve at the nape where her neck met her shoulder.  The little, metal arrowhead earring shivered slightly with movement.  Her fragrance was so light and sweet like sugar in the air that I breathed it in deeply to try to get a strong sense of her inside me.  
I leaned down slowly to kiss her neck; this was going to be it, my hand moved up to brush aside the light strands of hair by her hear.  But she was looking down at her feet when I made my move and she didn’t see me.  She then happened to hop up in the instant I had just brushed a few strands of her hair – and then she looked back at me in sudden surprise, which quickly turned to frustration as she realized I had just tried to kiss her.  
To complete the disaster, before I could say anything to her, someone banged loudly on my door.  BAM! BAM! BAM!
“Will!”  Larry shouted through the door. 
Larry!  That old bastard…  I cursed him under my breath.  I looked over at Alia and she looked back at me.  She didn’t seem nervous at all, more fascinated and watchful, as if trying to see what kind of reaction I would have to this interruption.  
“What?” I barked back at him, looking over at the door.
“You forgot to take the trash out tonight,” he said, “had to get Katie to do it.  Don’t let it happen again – there’s too much trash!” he barked.  I heard his heavy steps creaking loudly back down the stairs as the ancient boards complained about the weight. 
I looked away from the door, slowly shaking my head.  
The magic had faded from the room like old smoke.  Larry’s offensive presence, even outside the door, bellowing about trash, had changed the air in the room like a grotesque smell.  I gave up and nodded in the direction of the door to Alia.  She smirked at me and shrugged back, imitating me, fascination and thoughtfulness in her eyes.  
“I should be getting back anyway,” she said, almost in a whisper.  

We left the room and I walked her out and down the stairs, and then walked a bit with her towards the road that led from the store and campground into the main park.  As we walked I cursed Larry inwardly.  More than the interruption, what bothered me was here I was a grown man, out of college, on my own, and here was the guy ordering me around like I was some teenage punk, in front of Alia.  I kicked at some stones on the path as we walked.  The whole thing embarrassed me. 
Then I looked over at Alia, who looked lost in thought herself.  “Wait,” I said, looking around the parking area, “how are you getting back home?”  Browning was about a half hour away – by car.  There were no cars at all anywhere around the store, not at this time in the evening after we had closed.
“Oh,” she said causally, “I’ll walk part of the way, and call a friend of mine to pick me up.”  She patted the phone in her pocket.  
I looked around the woods and the gravel lanes leading through the trees. “That’s not too safe, though, is it?”  She smiled and turned towards the road and began walking, without so much as a hug.  
“Don’t worry about me, mister,” she said, looking back at me and blowing me a kiss.  I watched her little form disappear into the darkness around a bend in the road. 

Twelve


The day after Alia and I’s little hangout, me, Ronnie and Katie were scheduled to head to the main lodge for an afternoon park orientation, put on by the rangers.  Larry told us it was mandatory, and that he and Phyllis would run the store without us for a few hours.  But he also warned that we should hurry back to help as soon as the orientation was over.  
“No ‘lollygagging,’” he told us. 
Before we left, Larry pulled me aside.  He walked me back to the gift shop front of the store and stood close to me, looking me in the eye.  His breath reeked and I looked down at his fat, heaving belly to avoid it.  
“Will,” he said in a terse whisper, “did you let an Indian up to your room last night?”  He breathed on me again and I backed off a little.  I looked at him with disgust.
“None of your concern, Larry,”  I said.  
“It is my concern, because I run this place.  And to bring one of them…”
I held up my hand and he stopped, glaring at me.  “I don’t want to hear another word about it, Larry.  You mention her again like that and we are going to have a serious problem.”
	I turned and walked away from him, leaving him standing there in dismay; I could feel his glare on the back of my head as I walked into the kitchen.
	“You bring her back here and you’re fired!” he shouted after me.  
I kept walking.

Ronnie was the only one of the three of us staffers who had a car – an old, beat up Ford Tempo.  The entire summer it was full of junk: clothes, CDs, dirty cups and coffee mugs; and he permanently had the stereo blasting when he was driving.  Never once did I see him pull up or pull out of the store parking lot without it blaring.  
So the three of us packed into Ronnie’s car and drove off for the lodge due south.  Ronnie shoved Led Zeppelin into the deck as we started off, cranked up the volume knob and lit a cigarette, cracking his window and the one behind him a bit to drag the smoke out.  He did all this while he was pulling out of the parking lot.  Katie moved over to the seat behind me in the rear to avoid any 2nd-hand puffs.  For her part she rode in silence the whole way, staring moodily out of the window beside her.  I felt a wall between us that I didn’t understand, and didn’t really want to at that moment.
The Tempo meandered through the lower hills and spurs of the mountains on a winding, asphalt road, which was actually the main road that connected Two Medicine with the rest of the park, and the road that split off and led to Browning as well.  At one point we passed a jammer bus chugging along, chock full of early-season tourists and peering through the windows.   I thought back to my first morning coming to the store in a bus like that, maybe that very bus.  The driver was someone else, I noticed.  As I sat back in the car seat I realized that that bus ride now seemed months ago.  
It took about an hour to drive to the lodge, and once we got there, around 3 o’clock in the afternoon, I navigated for Ronnie, pointing down a side gravel road to the ranger station some distance away from the lodge.  
There were a few other cars there, and some people were filing in through open doors to the station.  The ranger station was a small, square brick building with a couple of official-looking ranger trucks parked beside it.  Radio antennas and other communication aerials stuck out from the roof of the building at different angles; but basically it looked more like a small post office than anything police-related.
Ronnie, Katie and I walked in together, and we were greeted by a young-looking ranger in the park ranger uniform of grey khaki short-sleeved shirt and dark green khaki pants, wearing a gold badge and canvas belt.  “Sanders” was his last name, reading from his name tag.  
“What’s up guys?” he asked, smiling at us as we walked up to the door.  He was short, and had dark, very curly hair, and a puckish, friendly, almost Greek face.  He had very hairy arms and a thick stubble on his face – a bit “hobbit” like.  
“I’m Greg, one of the rangers here,” he said.  “Where are you three working this summer?”  
“Two Medicine,” I said. 
“Ahh!”  He suddenly brightened, his thick eyebrows raised.  “Two Med?  That’s my turf! My wife and I will be seeing a lot of you guys probably – she’s a ranger there too.”   
“Super,” Ronnie said with a frown, then glanced away at the rest of the people in the room.  
I cast Ronnie a side long look as a quick awkwardness crept into the moment; then I looked back to Greg as I nodded at the crowd over his shoulder.
“Where are all these people working?” I asked. 
“Them?  All over the park, but the main lodge up the street mostly; there’s a separate dorm building for all of them here.  The main lodge employs more kids than any other place in the park.  It’s like a little university here – so many young people.”  
He looked around the room.  “This is just a smattering of them actually, those who couldn’t make the 1st orientation a few days ago.”  He looked at his watch.  “Grab a seat,” he said, gesturing towards the front row, where there were a few unclaimed folding chairs.  

We sat down, and the orientation began with an older woman ranger, who looked more like a retiree than an actually park ranger, who began by talking about the park itself, its history and its geography.  She described the layout of the park, talked about the famous “Going-to-the-Sun Road,” which was this long stretch of asphalt carved out of sheer rock in the mountain passes by the Great Northern Railway Company sometime in the 1900s.  
At that time the Great Northern Railway Company was setting up stations to house workers who would be laying tracks in the nearby valley.  The stations ended up becoming lodges soon after the establishment of the park, which was in 1910.  The various stations/lodges grew in size, and eventually became what we had today, several big hotel-like lodges with hundreds of rooms, like the main lodge I had stayed in on the first night, with the Swiss-Alpine theme. 
She finished her talk by describing the most popular destinations for visitors to the park – places I’d never heard of: Lake McDonald Valley, Logan Pass, the St. Mary Valley, The North Fork, Goat Haunt, Many Glacier, and Two Medicine.   Staffers in the audience started looking around, whispering, bored already.
The lady sat down and then Greg stood up had let loose a long blast with this whistle he had been wearing on a string around his neck.  
“Wake up guys!” he said loudly to the room with a smirk.  “Whether you know it or not, the history of the Railway Company is more important than you may think, it made this place what it is – it wouldn’t exist without that effort.  
“But for my talk, I’m going for a more practical theme.  It’s my job to make sure you newbies learn this evening about one thing: how to stay alive in the park, things like avoiding bear attacks, what to do if bitten by a venomous snake, if you’re caught in a sudden snow storm.
“I’m going to teach you how to avoid getting lost and left out in the elements, and how to safely get in and out of rough and steeply elevated terrains.”    
Heads turned to him as he started, and the attention level perked up at the mention of bears and snakes – concrete, specific ideas we could wrap our heads around – things that sounded dangerous, and closer to home, and, therefore, more interesting.
“So,” he continued, pacing slowing in front of our front row, “this region that became Glacier National Park was first inhabited, obviously, by Native Americans – the Plains Indians.  And at the time of the arrival of European explorers, the dominating tribes here were the Blackfoot in the east, and the Flathead in the west.  He gestured over to a map of Glacier Park on the wall to his right.  The Blackfoot are still with us today, not too far – in Browning, but the Flathead have all but disappeared.”
“Their heads were too flat.”  Someone murmured from the back, to a couple of chuckles.  Greg ignored them.
“The Blackfoot were the bison hunters of the Great Plains, fearless, wild, hunting the bison on foot before the Europeans came, hunting with these.”  Greg held up a little bow and arrow set that appeared to have been made recently.  
“And spears.  But after horses were introduced by the Europeans the Blackfoot took over the area in great force.  Their name, by the way, is said to have come from the color of their moccasins, made of leather.  Legend has it they typically dyed or painted the soles of their moccasins black.  Another story, one I like better, is that the young men would have to walk through a large prairie fire before he could take a wife, which in turn colored the bottoms of their moccasins black.  That’s actually how I got my wife, coincidentally.”
A couple of people snickered in the crowd behind me.  I liked Greg’s honest, open, almost childlike way of talking about his park, and his shameless smile as he talked about where he worked.  Greg struck me as the kind of guy who showed all his cards when teaching a new game – to help everyone figure out the game together.  
“… and it’s always ‘Blackfoot,’ even when it’s plural,’” he said.  “It’s not ‘Blackfeet,’ by the way.” 
He walked back over to the map of Glacier Park, pulling it down further from the rolled-up top.  “The thing I like most about Glacier, guys, it that it has almost all its original native plant and animal species that it had when early Europeans explored I it – hundreds of years ago.  When you’re out there hiking, you are in fact seeing land as it was a thousand years ago.  Large mammals such as the grizzly, moose and mountain goat, and wolverine and lynx inhabit the park – you will see some of them before your summer is over.”
 “But I want to specifically talk about the grizzlies tonight.  Again, that is the main point of this safety talk, especially for you newbies.  Each and every year people get mauled by bears in Glacier Park; on average 1 person dies from an attack each year in the park – mainly by female bears with cubs – but we’ll talk more about that in a minute.  Let me first talk about what this animal is.”
He pulled down yet another large poster that unrolled from the wall, which depicted an image of a grizzly bear in profile.  It struck me Greg would have made a good high-school science teacher, unabashedly enthusiastic about the simple wonders of nature – year after year of half-interested students never dulling his glee.  
“The grizzly bear’s Latin name is Ursus Arctos Horribilis.”

Greg went on to describe how the word “grizzly” came from the word “grisly,” which “spoke for itself,” as he said.  “Adult females weigh on average 500 pounds, and adult males average 800.   A record size for a grizzly has actually been recorded at 1,500 pounds, and a large coastal male of this size may stand up to 10 feet tall on its hind legs and be up to 5 feet at the shoulder – a real monster.”  Somebody whistled appreciatively from the back.
“They get that big on the coast because they have all the fish they can eat, most years.  Females around here have 1 to 4 cubs in a birth, usually 2, and, like I said, they are the main problem in the Park as far as attacks are concerned.  I’ve seen a full grown male push a small car on its side, so it’s not to be messed with people… but the attacks are usually females.
“These bears,” he continued, “like almost all animals in nature, will run away from the approach of people, and they try to avoid contact if at all possible.  Basically we stay away from them, and they stay away from us.
“But sometimes you’ll get a bear that is different – that seeks out people, or more specifically, people’s food, people’s stuff, and those kind will not shy away from contact.”
I imagined a large bear pushing down our flimsy screened back door and nosing around in our kitchen – full of food and delicious smells – walking up the staircase to Larry’s room and devouring him in his sleep.  I wondered what I would do if I encountered a bear on a trail deep in the woods. What can you do?  
As if in response to my thoughts, Greg continued, “So, if you go hiking out into the forests and the higher elevations, you need to carry one of these.”  He flipped a leather pouch open on his belt and pulled out a spray can with a large trigger and black nozzle on the end, which he pointed at us. 
“Pepper spray,” he said, “is a hiker’s best friend.  All rangers carry them because shooting a charging bear doesn’t’ stop it; and a bear’s sense of smell is extremely sensitive.  A blast of this stuff will usually send them running – usually.”
He walked over to open door we had come in through and shot a stream of the stuff out into the night.  I hoped there wasn’t some poor strangler coming in towards the door when he launched the red, misty powder out into the darkness.
“Also, we advise that you wear these,” he walked back in front of us and pulled out a leather necklace with two round metal bells hanging on it.  “Bear bells.”  
Some of the people laughed in the chairs, and Greg grinned good-naturedly.  “I know they look stupid, and they sound like Santa is coming down the trail.”  He shook them a couple of times to make his point.  “But you can’t really walk up on a female bear with cubs if you are hiking with one of these around your neck – they’ll be long gone.
“They may be silly, but they will save your life.”  He tossed them over to a table by the door.  “If you don’t wear them, just try to clap a little now and then, or talk out loud to give the grizzlies some heads up.  Just be noisy.”
He continued on for a while about mountain lions (you’d be lucky if you see one, but from a distance), snakes (which were rare too) white mountain goats (liked to lick antifreeze off the roads), and possible hazards like getting lost and being caught in a land slide, but he was soon finishing up.    
He grew somber as he finished though, and he stopped pacing and faced us with a serious gaze.  “You guys are in the most beautiful place the lower 48 has to offer – much less known, less traveled, than the other parks.  The Rocky Mountains up here look different than anywhere else in the county.
“So you are lucky – this place is special.  Take it in, spend time in deep woods and see what there is to see.  Henry David Thoreau said, ‘Heaven is under our feet as well as over our heads.’ And that is nowhere truer than here in Glacier.”
He bowed dramatically, and we all clapped with amused appreciation, and there were even a couple of tongue-in-cheek shouts of “bravo!” and “encore!”  He waived for us to quiet down and then thanked us and told us we were all free to go.  
As people were shuffling out the door, he came over to Ronnie, Katie and I as we waited to get to the exit.  “Listen guys, my wife and I work the station at Two Med, our little daughter’s there too.  We’re a family at Two Med, and we like to take care of our own.  So anything you need you let us know, ok?  You guys have the best spot in Glacier, beautiful area!”  
I smiled and thanked him, and said I planned on it.   Ronnie, for his part, just nodded to him curtly as we left.  

On our way down towards the car, Ronnie said to me, “You know Thoreau also said, ‘The mass of men lead lives of quiet desperation.’ That guy sounds like he’s doing just that, crammed up there in the ranger shack with his little wife and kid.”   He spit at the ground as we walked.
“Why are you so critical of the guy?” I asked.  “He seems decent enough… And I’m sure being a ranger up here is a better fucking job than most people have.”  
Ronnie just grunted something and kept walking.  Then he suddenly turned to me and said, “I never trust a cop, and neither should you.”
“Cop?”  I asked.  “Greg?”  I laughed.  “He’s like a big boy scout.”
“He’s a cop,” Ronnie said, shaking his head, “and just like the bears up here – they stay away from me, and I stay away from them.”
I didn’t know how to respond to that, but I didn’t really want to get into it right then.  We had some time to kill before leaving, so we went down to the main lodge and went inside to look around out of curiosity.  The main room at the lodge that I had stayed in my first night was a huge, cavernous, three-story lobby with enormous whole tree trucks acting as pillars keeping the roof up high above.  
Ronnie wandered off to find someone he said he knew that worked there, and Katie and I idled at the display cases along the wall in the main lobby, which presented taxidermies of stuffed, furry, white mountain goats in one case, a brown bald eagle in another, and other unfortunate specimens posing for the visitors.  I wondered as I looked at the goat if it had in fact licked antifreeze before its unfortunate demise.
I watched Katie as she watched the exhibits, and I tried, yet again, to get a sense of her mood, which was always difficult to say the least, it was like trying to read a map in the dark – she kept so much locked away from her face and eyes.  She hadn’t said a word the entire night.
“Why so quiet?” I finally just asked her.
She glanced at me and then back to the mountain goat in the case.  “I’m agoraphobic – don’t like crowds.  I’d rather be in one of these cases than out with them,” she said, nodding over to the crowd at the check in desk.  
I looked around at the people in the lobby, some were families, arranging their bags and parcels, others were older people milling through the restaurant that was at one end.  It was a crowd, definitely, and not one I wanted to see since it was tarnishing my feeling of being in the wilderness and was redefining what the idea of Glacier Park was to me each minute I spent in that buys commercial hub.  
So I was working with Ronnie, the itinerant playboy, phobic of cops; and Katie, the mysterious ingénue, phobic of… everybody else it seemed.
Yet as I looked around at the big hotel I realized that I already missed Two Medicine, our quiet and remote wilderness home; and I decided we needed to get back sooner than later.  
After a few minutes, Ronnie found Katie and I and said, “Hey guys, there some people hanging out near the dorms, behind the lodge, and they got a bonfire and some booze going.  I say we check it out.  What say you?”
Katie quickly objected, “Larry told us specifically to be back by no later than 5.  He knows when the orientation is over.” She looked at me, as if seeking my assistance.
“Oh, don’t worry about that fat bastard,” Ronnie said.  “He’ll be just fine.  We’ll just tell him I got attacked by a bear or something... What do you say, Will?”  He raised his eyebrows a couple of times at me.
I was a bit torn between a strong desire to resist Larry’s authority and break this feeling of ridiculousness which being under his command brought out in me, and a just as strong desire not to have him in my face when we get back, angrily lecturing us on the “rules of the road” as he was fond of saying, and yet another just as strong desire to not being around this big hotel any longer than I had to.
	“We’ll catch hell, but I don’t really care,” I said, “but this place just bugs me – too garish.  So I say we just go back.  Ronnie, you can hang out here whenever you want.”
I looked at Katie, “If you want to get back, I’ll take you – we’ll catch a jammer.”  
	“If there is one this late,” Ronnie sighed, “look guys, there’s actually this girl out there I need to meet, and you guys are kinda crampin’ my style, you know?  So…”  He spread his hand out like a man next to broken-down Mercedes, reluctantly asking for a ride.  “Can’t you help a brother out?  I’ll make it up to you.” 
Katie looked at me and then back to Ronnie, critically.  
“Come on,” Ronnie pleaded.  “I didn’t come up here just to sit in that log cabin like some kind of hermit – I came to meet some people.  Didn’t you guys?”
Katie rolled her eyes.  “She better be hotter than the last one.”  
Ronnie slapped her on the back.  “That’s the spirit!” 

We walked down a pathway through some trees and past the main lodge to a large clearing near the staff dorms.  There were about fifty people standing or sitting around a large roaring bonfire.  Sparks and embers shot up above the flames high into the dark above our heads; it made the scene look primitive and wild.  The sky was clear and very full of stars – I pictured meteors shooting across the field of stars and decided that it would be quite a sight out here, as Ronnie had mentioned.  
	There was a spot near the fire that the three of us wandered over to.  Ronnie kept craning his neck around, looking for that girl apparently – although it seemed to me that he was in a rush, and more businesslike, tonight than simply looking for another love conquest.   Nearby to the right of us, not too far from the fire, I saw a guy who was furiously playing a 12-string guitar, with most of the people ignoring it around him. 
On the other side of us a little ways to the left was a big, muscle-bound guy in a cowboy hat sitting on the open tailgate of a pickup truck, next to small, blonde girl.  She was laughing hysterically as the guy was saying something.  He guzzled a beer and then tossed the can towards the fire, where it fell short by a few feet.  Somebody from the crowd grumbled about that but the guy ignored it.  He slid his arm around the blonde.  
It was true what Greg had said – the whole scene had the look of a college dorm party, but there were a few post-college age people like me around, and also a strong influence of hippies and “granolas” – outdoor-types – that lent a kind of mottled and confusing atmosphere to the air.
	Ronnie had gotten up and was soon chatting with a couple of people by the fire.  I saw he had gotten a beer somewhere, and Katie was sitting by me with her knees up to her chest, just staring into the flames.   She looked so distant that I got the impression that I shouldn’t disturb her, so I moved a little over to the group by the fire near the twelve-string guitar player for lack of any better option.  
	“We should turn the truck radio down for him,” a girl said to me as I sat down near her blanket.  She nodded over to the guitar.  “He’s being trying to put on a little show and everybody’s ignoring him.”  
I glanced over to the truck with the cowboy, and then back to her.  She looked about twenty-five, or even a bit older, had long, wavy, shockingly bright-red hair, and was sitting cross-legged with a beer bottle in the middle in between her legs.   She had the light skin and freckles of a true redhead, with red-brown light eyebrows and hazel eyes.  She was fairly attractive, but plain, and not as strikingly so as Holly the Redhead had been.  I still reacted with wariness, nonetheless, as one would a red-colored snake that one had been trained to sense was probably dangerous to handle.
	“That guy on the truck?” I asked her.  “I don’t think he’s gonna turn that country music down anytime soon.  He looks like he’d maybe grab the guitar and smash it.”
	She laughed and offered me a beer.  
“Do all of you guys here work at the lodge?” I asked.
   	“Yea,” she said.  “We hang out here about every other night or so.  There’s not a whole lot else to do.  Where do you work?”  
	“Two Medicine.”  
	“Oh!” she said, raising her eyebrows.  “Out there in the boondocks?  It’s beautiful out there.”
	“That it is,” I agreed.  
I took a long sip of beer and looked around at the crowd.  Mostly white and a few Native-American kids hanging around. 
	“I’m Bridget, by the way,” the redhead said, offering a hand.
	“Will, and that’s Katie over there, sitting by herself, and Ronnie…”  I looked around but couldn’t see Ronnie anywhere.  “Well he’s here somewhere.  The three of us run the store; you should come by and see us.  Get yourself a coffee mug, or a keychain…” 
	“I’m actually a full time employee of the Park,” Bridget said, “and I work in the administration and I have a place in town, but my office just happens to be here at the lodge, so I like to hang out here with these goofballs.”  She said tilted her head towards the fire.
	 “Definitely a random assortment,” I said.  “White guys, cowboys, and Indians – guess nothing much has changed – like Greg said.” 
	Bridget laughed and nodded over to the pickup truck.  “Everybody calls him ‘Cowboy,’ so I guess you’re right.” 
	The guy with the guitar, who had long hair and a thick Native-American-style beaded headband on, suddenly stopped playing and asked loudly, to no one in particular, “You guys wanna hear an original?”  
	Many of us who were chatting around him quieted down, out of an awkward politeness more than interest, and Bridget called out over to the truck, “Hey Cowboy!  Turn the radio down for a sec and let him play one.”  
	The big Cowboy looked at the guitar guy for a moment as if considering whether it was worth it or not to get up and toss the guitar into the fire, then he frowned and heaved himself off of the tail gate and stomped over to the driver’s side door and reached in to shut the radio off.  
	The guitar kid smiled nervously at the attention he now had, even though a few groups were still talking among themselves here and there, and the fire was cracking and popping loudly.  He suddenly blurted out, “This one’s called Twelve String Boogie!” and he began to feverishly playing tune that sounded like a blues song sped up to twelve times the speed that it should have been.  
He was bending notes and pounding out chords frantically all over the guitar neck, and after about 30 seconds of it, a few of the kids around the fire resumed chatting over the guitar cacophony.  As a final coup de grace, Cowboy then got up again and switched on his radio again, turning it up even louder now.  The boy kept plowing through the song with determination for a while.
Bridget turned back to me and shook her head, “Definitely a ‘random group.’  It’s like this every year.  Keeps life interesting.”
I watched as Twelve String Boogie finished his song; someone handed him a beer.  
“Keeping life interesting was what brought me here,” I murmured.   
“She okay?” Bridget asked with a furrowed brow, pointing over at Katie.
“Yea, she’s fine,” I said, looking over at her; she was poking around in the fire with a long stick.  “I barely even know her yet, but she’s just shy in crowds.  This isn’t her kinda scene.”  
“Is this your kind of scene?”
“I’d say probably not.”  I looked around for Ronnie and spotted him on the edge of the crowd.
“I think I will come visit you guys at Two Med,” she said.  “I’d like one of those huckleberry shakes you people make.”  
I wondered if she was coming on to me, but it seemed like she was just being chummy.  I didn’t get any warning bells from her tone.  
“You got it,” I said.  “Listen I gotta go talk to Ronnie, who’s my ride.  If I don’t run into you again tonight, I’ll see you soon.”  

I got up and stepped through the crowd and walked over to Ronnie, who was talking to two guys I hadn’t seen before.  They were standing away from the main group by the fire.  The two guys did not look like the college types, they looked like locals from Browning – from the reservation – it was just something you could tell, in their dress: which was shabby and poor, and their faces: angular, Asian, sullen.  Long brown hair completed the image, and one of them wore mirror-finish, aviator sunglasses, even though it was the dead of night.  They both turned and looked at me as I stepped up.
“Ronnie, what’s the plan man?  We heading back soon?” I asked him.  
He glanced over at me and nodded, “Yea.  Hey Will, this is Clayton Red Claw and his brother Jake, they live in Browning.”
“How you doin?” I asked and extended my hand.  
 “Good,” the one who was called ‘Clayton’ grunted, barely glancing at me, shaking my hand in a quick jerk.  The one named Jake wore the sunglasses and didn’t say anything.
The one named Clayton turned back to Ronnie, “All right, dude, we’ll call you next week.”  
“Yea, good deal,” Ronnie said, slapping Clayton on the back.  
The two guys sauntered off, keeping to the edge of the crown on their way out.  Ronnie and I made our way towards Katie.  
“All these chicks here just waiting for you and you find the two roughest dudes here to talk to?” I asked Ronnie. 
He looked at me and chuckled, “The locals are the ones to know.”  We gathered up Katie and headed back to Ronnie’s car.  Looking back as I got into the front seat, the fire still roared and embers spiraled up like lazy fireworks into the smoky dark.  Twelve String Boogie was still playing, a more mellow tune now, slow notes wafting over to us from the haze of the fire.  Bridget was opening another beer with a new group of kids, I saw, and the Cowboy still sat on this throne overlooking it all.  His hat cast a large, flickering shadow behind him into the trees as the music grew quieter and we climbed the hill towards home.  

Thirteen


I worked the rest of the week without seeing Alia again, but she was constantly on my mind.  I had not gotten her number the last time I saw her, which struck me now as a potentially fatal mistake.   But then again, I tried to remind myself, I had come out her for a fresh start, and didn’t need to be tied into some relationship the first month on the job.  Too soon.
But as cool as I tried to be about her, to let things just go and happen on their own, if at all, the rest of the week as I worked the store, sometimes in the front area cash register and sometimes in the back by the kitchen, I would find myself glancing at the outside doors every time someone walked in.  My mind betrayed me as I daydreamed about her, too, imagining me kissing her little neck as she sat next to me on my bed, her smile cocked sideways like she did; and I found myself unconsciously looking at a group of new customers for looking for my little, dark-haired, tan-skinned Alia to walk back in, despite my trying to be cool.  I missed her.
I began to feel really at home in the store over that next week, too. Part of it had been going to the main lodge and seeing how it could have been had I been unlucky enough to get a job someplace else in the park.  Despite Larry’s constant annoyances and the cheesiness of the trinkets and junk we sold, and despite some of the unpleasant tourists that clashed with the rugged beauty of the place, I started to feel like I was home, and it excited me to feel it. 
There was now a simplicity to my purpose that appealed to me, I realized, and I began to think less and less about my past life in Georgia, and less about my future too.  I would wonder sometimes what my friends were up to back home, what few I had had, but that old, cluttered, grey world of my old life began to fade out of focus more and more each time I thought about it over the days.  
	I’d think about Scott mostly.  I wondered if he was still drinking himself to death in Coco Joe’s, sitting in the dim light with Stevie the bartender and that parrot.  Interestingly, I hadn’t thought about Holly hardly at all since I had started working, and especially after running into Alia.  It wasn’t that I didn’t love her (I still did), and miss her face and her voice (I still did), and she still felt a part of me, but she also was so distant to me all of a sudden that she was fading in comparison to all of the newness, and strangeness, the clarity, of my new life.  
	And there definitely was strangeness… mostly in the regulars to the camp sites who came every year, or even lived nearby.  The first such oddball I met was a large, long haired, heavy set white guy who called himself “Thunderbird.”  
He made a point of telling me, the first time I met him when he came into the store one morning to buy supplies, that he was a member of the “tribe” (meaning the Blackfoot) and that they had given him that name – “Thunderbird.”   He said, proudly, that he got that name because when he would get up in the morning and walk out of his tent he would yawn so loudly it sounded like thunder.

Thunderbird was indeed a big, loud, presence; but I kind of doubted he figured in any way into the politics of the tribe on the reservation.  And he lived in Browning, but after a while he seemed more homeless than anything else.   He lived in this ratty old teepee that he would set up when he was in Two Med’s campgrounds, and he drove around on a battered Harley Davidson motorcycle with a separate little trailer hitched to the back.  He would stay for days at a time at Two Med in that teepee, roaring around on his bike and scaring the tourists, looking like a cross between a Hell’s Angel biker and a chubby hippy.  
The Blackfoot tribe in Browning actually had a council of elders, I learned, as all recognized Native American tribes do, and they were notoriously secretive and hesitant to include outsiders or guys – especially guys who claimed to be part Blackfoot but had no proof.  I figured Thunderbird was one of those “wannabe Indians.”  White people were always trying to associate themselves with one tribe or another, Alia would tell me, always trying to worm into the lifestyle like it was a club you could sign up and join.  But, she told me that the saying on the reservation was “Everyone wants to be an Indian, and nobody wants to be an Indian.”  And I would later travel onto Browning and see what that meant – it was a desolate place.
	But anyway, Thunderbird came in one day and introduced himself to me, dumping a bunch of food and camp supplies on the snack bar counter for me to ring up.  He had on long earrings with feathers attached, and braided grey and brown hair.  He looked to be about fifty, and had on a black t-shirt that was too tight for his round belly, and which had a wolf howling at a moon depicted on it in garish neon colors.  He wore old denim jeans.  He looked as if someone had tossed him into a pile of thrift store clothes from ‘70s and ‘80s, and when he emerged fully dressed then draped some Indian jewelry on him to complete the look. 
	“Are you Will?” he asked me at the counter with a big smile and loud voice, the first time I met him.
	“Yea,” I said, taken aback that he knew my name.  
	“Ha! Alia told me she the other day that she met a guy at Two Med named ‘Will,’” he laughed, his eyes sparkling merrily.
	“You know Alia?” I couldn’t believe he could – he seemed like such a clown that I couldn’t image her having anything to do with him.  The very fact he knew her bothered me; she was above that, existed on a higher plane, too pure and beautiful to be in his world!  But then again, Browning was a small town...
	“Sure!  She’s part of my tribe,” Thunderbird said, nodding his head emphatically.  “She been around lately?”  
I began to get the sense that he was somewhat mentally off, but I couldn’t quite detect how, except that he seemed a bit overly-merry.
	“No,” I said, “haven’t seen her.”  I resisted the urge to ask him if she had said anything else about me.  I began ringing up his stuff.
“So where you from, Thunderbird?”   
“Missouri.  But I joined the marines, and I saw combat!” he told me, nodding his head again.  “Yep. Saw combat and even took some grenade shrapnel in the leg.  I’ll show you the scars sometime, all spotted up like a cheetah.  Docs say I still have some metal in me.”
I frowned as I pictured him dropping his pants and showing me some pasty white lumpy thigh.  I tried to ring his stuff up quicker.
“Anyway,” he continued.  “When I got back to the states, the first thing I did was buy a Harley and drive all over hell and back, crisscrossing all over the place, just following the sprits, till I ended up here.”  He waved a hand around the store – meaning Glacier Park.  “And I love this place – Two Medicine – it really saved my life.”
I just nodded and bagged his stuff up for him.
“And the tribe healed me up too – and I don’t mean my scars,” he narrowed his gleaming, watery eyes and said, almost in a whisper.  “They healed some scars, though, my scars up here.” He jabbed a pudgy finger at his temple.  
He held me in such an intense stare, drilling into my eyes, that I had to look down.
“Well that sounds interesting, Thunderbird…” I said casually, hoping to give him a cue to stop.  
But he grew even quieter, as if we were in a conspiracy, “I was in a sweat, I went to a sweat, they sweated it out of me.”  He staring without blinking at me; it was almost like he was chanting it.  
The hair stood up on the back of my neck, and the rest of the store seemed to grow completely quiet.  I just stared at him, as if transfixed, but I really just didn’t know what to say because I had no idea what they hell he was talking about.  Luckily, a big noisy family of campers came up behind him to order some food, and he just nodded at me, smiling, and moved on, not saying another word.  

In the evenings we would close the store at seven.  Ronnie and I, and sometimes Katie, would dump some logs on the fire in the enormous fireplace and sit around, sometimes drinking beer, and talking about the people we were meeting, the places they were from, the weirdness of the store, the things we planned on doing after this job.  
On one of these nights, we got to talking a little late, around ten p.m., and suddenly Larry came booming out his room upstairs.  He glared down at us for a moment, and then shouted, “Keep it down you!  Some of us have to get up in the morning!”  
He slammed his bedroom door shut again, shaking the wall.  We just looked at each other and laughed.  
Most nights Katie stayed in her room and read, or sat in the kitchen and sipped tea.  But Ronnie and I were hanging out almost every night – either building a roaring fire in the store or staying up late playing cards, board games, and sometimes watching a movie on a DVD player Ronnie had in his room.  We always asked Katie to join, but when she did I noticed that she would keep her distance from Ronnie whenever we were together.  She was being careful around him, as if she expected Ronnie to jump on her as she got near his bed.   It occurred to me that he had probably tried humping her in his room or something before I had gotten there.  
Sometimes in those late evenings after we closed, our conversations steered towards where we were from and why we had moved to the park, and I always felt a little uncomfortable talking about my coming to Two Med like I had.  I felt like if it was all brought out into the open and exposed, and if it was all described the way it actually happened, that I would look like some kind of nut.   Both Ronnie and Katie were still in school, Katie in undergrad, and Ronnie was getting an MBA, at least he said he was, until he took a “hiatus” as he said and came out to Montana, so it was more natural that they would have taken this seasonal job, than it was for me.  
I didn’t tell them I hoped to stay on with the park all year round, because it made it sound like I had no place else to go as a second option if the park job didn’t work out.  From the sound of it, working in the winter doing administrative stuff for the park was a long-shot at best, and I didn’t even know if that was possible.  I simply felt foolish, to be honest, having come all this way to this place, even though I was completely sure it was the right thing to do; so I didn’t like talking about it. 
Besides hanging around the store, some nights Ronnie and I and once in a while Katie would hike down the dirt road to the campsites and find a vacant one and set up some chairs.  We’d make a small bonfire and sit around it, enjoying the darkness of the surrounding forest, the fiercely bright stars that were innumerable in the sky.  Invariably at these times, Ronnie would remind all of us again about the Perseid meteor shower’s imminent arrival in August, and how we had to get “out in the clear” and watch it because ‘it would blow our fucking minds!’”  

One particular evening, about the fifth week into the job, Ronnie happened to show me a large Ziploc bag of marijuana he had shoved under his clothes in one of the drawers in his room.  I had never seen a bag of drugs that big, and asked him if he was planning on just smoking it all.
“Well of course I am,” he laughed.  “This baby will last me till the meteor shower, at least.”  He tossed it in his hand, feeling its weight proudly, like a new father holding his newborn. 
When I asked him where he got that, out there in the middle of the national park, he said that those two locals from the night of the bonfire had sold him it.  
“Those guys, Clayton and Jake, can get you anything, Will,” he said with excitement as he shoved the bag back under his shirts.  “Coke, crack, heroin, pills, weed, hookers, guns, you name it!  They live in Browning, and the more I learn about that town the crazier it seems.  Like the Wild West and Vegas all in one.”
I thought of Alia, of course, when he said that.  I wondered if she was into drugs at all – she could be a huge junkie for all I really knew!  Even though I barely knew here, I wondered what her future would be if she stayed in such a desolate place, if she had a future, if she might end up drugged out and living with some old dealer, having a couple of kids that end up in foster care, perpetuating the cycle of poverty and bad decisions that she grew up around and that she suffered with.  
Whenever she came to mind, which was often, I felt a yearning for her.  I missed her; and it started to seem like our canoe date was a one off deal.  I hoped she would visit soon, but I was beginning to doubt I’d see her again.  I even thought of tracking down Thunderbird and seeing if he could give me her number.   
I didn’t mention her to Ronnie at all because I had a sense that he would try to track her down like some big game hunter and then screw her in his room or something, despite our new friendship.  He didn’t seem like the type to respect boundaries.  I don’t if he even knew what boundaries were.  In the first week alone after the bonfire, he had already screwed Bridget, the redhead from the bonfire, in his room.  Since that night, she had become a regular at Two Med, and would sometimes hang out with us by the fire late at night.  He had also slept with some random park employee, a pretty blonde girl from Germany, a few nights before our conversation that night as well, and a skinny Indian girl from Browning.  

For my part, besides our night life at Two Medicine, on my days off I would hike the trails around the lake, and go as far as I could on the trails that led off into the park.  I was the only one in the store who hiked, which I still found unbelievable.  I think Katie was too used to the place, Ronnie too bored, and Larry too old.   
But I felt a special kind of joy in the woods.  I began to learn my way over the hills and into the mountains, began to learn what plants were called and where moose and mountain goats could be seen.  And when I was out among the vast stretches of mountains, I would feel a certainty that I had come to the right place and that I was doing the right thing, like I felt nowhere else.  
From the Two Medicine store, several hiking trails lead west and north.  The day-hikers and campers mostly hung around Two Medicine Lake and would hike the easy trail that encircles it: about seven miles.   I usually stayed higher up, to some of the peaks of nearby mountains (which took all day) or through some passes that led to other lakes and trail further beyond the valley we were in.  There was Running Eagle Falls Trail, which took you over the shoulder of Mount Sinopah and to a waterfall split in two; and the trail to Cobalt Lake, a distant body of blue water that was hid in a small valley.  
 Sometimes I would go off trail, and just meander up into the mountains, always on the lookout for bears who avoided the trails, and I’d take photos of the landscapes with my cheap camera I had bought from the store.  I never hiked with anyone else except with Katie a couple of times, since we all worked different shifts or covered each other when we were off, and I knew no one else in the park.  But I liked being alone on the hikes the best, anyway.  
The views from the trails were often breathtakingly beautiful – like walking into a postcard – especially from the higher elevation points, which gave you a wide panorama of sheer rock mountains and almost dyed-blue lakes, surrounded by thick evergreen forests.   Sometimes I would sit for hours in the sun, listening to the sounds of pigeon-like ptarmigans clucking in the bushes, or watching eagles floating overheard, probably eyeing the ptarmigans.  Sometimes I’d write in a journal I also bought in the store about my days.  Sometimes I would just stare out at the distant mountain peaks and do nothing at all. 

Around Two Medicine Lake three main mountains dominated.  Foremost in front was of course Mount Sinopah, pointed out to me by the jammer bus driver on my first day, rising above the far shore of the lake, perfectly framed from our view out the windows of the store.  To its left was Painted Tepee Mountain, which had a cone-shaped top that got its name.  And to Sinopah’s right was Rising Wolf Mountain, a big, hulking, angry-looking mass of rock jutting up in the air, crowned with snow throughout the warm summer days.   Sinopah was the king, for sure, and it dominated every view.  
On these hikes I would sometimes feel a spiritual-like reverence come over me, while following a trail that wandered between tall cedars and short, scrubby hemlocks, or while high up in the grassy shoulders of the mountains.  The land was dryer and dustier than I expected, and most of the trees were the kind that liked the dry: bushy Douglas firs where it was rockier; tall and spindly lodgepole pines where they could get a deep foothold.  But there hardwoods too, in the shadier, moist areas near the lake, big, lush trees with roots down to the center of the earth – the only thing deeper were the mountains’ roots.  
More than all of that, I loved best to walk through the aspens, tall and naked in their thin white bark, standing meekly and pristine next to the dark and rough pines that surrounded then like predators.  I also sought out the groves of their cousins the birch trees, which were harder to find – strong too, but growing not so straight as the Aspen, yet strikingly beautiful with white-paper bark peeling off in perfect cuts, streaked with black cracks and woodpecker holes. 

One day I started out on the trail, audaciously determined to reach the peak of Mount Sinopah, who top I had been eyeing enviously for days.  Eventually, to my own surprise I reached the top, but only after eight solid hours of non-stop chugging, scrabbling, stumbling and cursing up its side.  
When I finally reached the summit I was awarded with a view of the dark-indigo waters of Two Medicine Lake down below, where Alia and I had glided across in the canoe, and the surrounding forests like a thick carpet of green.  Further on I could see the small, thin, Lower Two Medicine Lake, which our lake fed, and which lay in reservation land near Browning.  And beyond all that?  The eastern prairie sprawled seemingly forever into the horizon till it was lost in the haze of the evening light.
I was late getting back from the peak, because I had seriously and naively underestimated its distance.  By the time I found the lake trail, the one that meandered around the edge of the lake in a lazy circle hidden in the trees, and which ended at our store, it was already ten p.m. and I was exhausted, dirty, scratched by branches and … immensely satisfied.  Another forty-five minutes to my bed, I thought as I trudged down the trail.  
I hiked in the dark, with no flashlight or even my phone’s light to aid me.  Phones didn’t really work up in Glacier anyway, and I hadn’t used mine in weeks, so I had long ago stopped carrying it on hikes.  I could barely see down the trail except for some moonlight palely showing through the trees.  I felt a calm exhaustion and I fell into a rhythm of walking only the shadowy trail.    Suddenly I felt an eerie presence near me, like something was following, and as I walked I heard steps behind me, a slight sound of crunching as feet fell on the path.  I stopped and stood still, listening, and trying to pinpoint how far it was.  As I listened I could tell it was close, and coming closer.  A bear?  I thought of Greg and what he would have thought of my night hiking.
I grew worried as the sound got even closer, and it sounded heavier than a human.  I edged back onto the trees next to the trail, becoming enveloped in branches and perfect darkness.  A dark shape approached.  I saw a light break through the trees, peeking out between branches as the shape now came into view around a bend  in the trail.  I could see a fat, hairy figure, holding an old lantern in its right hand, and something long and silvery in the other.  Bigfoot?
I peer out from the trees and the figure emerged into view in the weak glow of the swinging lantern.  
“Thunderbird?”  I said, now recognizing him with relief.   
He looked over sharply at me, not seeing who called him.  I stepped out and looked at what he was holding – three or four long, lake trout.  
“Will?” he asked.  “What are you doing out here?”
“I could ask you the same thing.  Aren’t you worried about bears with that smelly catch in your hands, out here alone?”
He looked down at the fish confused for a moment, and then back at me, one of his eyes glinted in the reflection of the lantern light.  
“Oh, they won’t bother me,” he said lightly, shrugging and looking around in the dark, as if bears were standing in a circle out there watching us.   “They wouldn’t bother me,” he said again, louder, into the dark.  
I noticed that there were no night sounds anymore as we stood there, no crickets, no wind rustling the branches, no coyote calls.  I felt a chill run up my spine as I watched him stare into the dark.  I noticed he didn’t have a fishing pole.  
Then he turned and smiled brightly to me as if we had just ran into each other on the street.  “Walk back with me!”
He sauntered off again and I caught up with him, his lantern casting swinging shadows before us in the trees.  I pictured a big bear rumbling around a corner and roaring a challenge as it stood on hind legs in that pale lantern light – but none came as Thunderbird predicted.
The whole was back we didn’t say a word; it felt wrong to make a noise.

Fourteen


Alia didn’t come back until the week after, on a Tuesday as a matter of fact, and I was off.  I was spending the morning fishing on the shore near to the store – rather trying to fish.  I used to fish a lot as a kid so I had purchased a rod from the store and had taken up the sport again – hoping to catch some trout like Thunderbird did.  But I had found something out that I hadn’t encountered before in my sojourns as a kid, and that hadn’t been mentioned in any of the articles, websites or other glitzy propaganda about my little valley in Montana (intentionally no doubt), and that was that each summer in Glacier, in the first couple of weeks of June, so right when the park opened, all of the valleys throughout the park were plagued by thick and hungry swarms of mosquitoes.  
They hatched in May, and developed on the wing, voraciously ready to bite in June.  They got so thick at times that they would look like a cloud of smoke around a person’s face; and I would resort to wearing long pants and a hoodie sweatshirt to avoid their swarms, even though it was often warm in the sun, and even though I used repellant that we sold at the store – which didn’t really work on these mosquitoes.  
On that particular Tuesday, however, I was out fishing and wearing my makeshift mosquito uniform when Alia suddenly appeared.  To avoid the flurry of the bloodthirsty swarm I had cinched down my hood of my sweatshirt to where only a hole about the size of a baseball was left open that I could stick my nose out of to breathe and to see a little; and I had pulled my sleeves down over my hands as I gripped the fishing rod and tried to turn the reel.  Thus, there wasn’t one patch of skin exposed, except for my nose on which I had slathered a heavy layer of repellant like a lifeguard with a dab of sunblock.  My system was starting to work when Alia suddenly strode up out of nowhere, walking along the lakeshore to where I was sitting on a log, not far from the store. 
	My body was hunched over the fishing rod, working the reel with awkward jerks.  Alia laughed as she saw me.  “You look like some homeless guy under a bridge,” she said, smiling at me.   
	The surprised grin on my face was concealed by my hood, but I got up and dropped the pole.  I walked over to her without saying a word, and gave her a little hug.   I pulled down the hood and stood up to meet her, brushing the mosquitoes swarming in from my eyes.  
	“I was wondering if you were gonna turn up again,” I said.  She hugged me a second time, the top of her heard only coming up to my chin.  I saw that she was wearing the same little, metal arrowhead earrings again. 
	“I’ve been around, but I’m working a lot” she said as we parted.  “I’ve been trying to save up some money – I need to get a car.  I’m tired of hitching rides.”  
	She had on some kind of mosquito repellant, natural stuff they had in Browning she told me, and it seemed to work perfectly.  Since I didn’t want to wrap myself up like a mummy in my hood again now that she was there, we decided to go into the store and hang out in my room for a bit.  It was the only place I could think to go that was indoors.  It was looking like it was going to rain, anyway.
	“So now you now,” she said to me as we walked, towards the store.  “Here we have two weeks of mosquitoes, then two weeks of black flies, then we’re done.” Our feet make crunching sounds on the pebbles and stones lining the shore.  
“The black flies don’t bite though; they just buzz around, in your face.”
	I didn’t want to stare at her too obviously, so I casually watched her out of the corner of my eye as we walked, watching her little lips move as she spoke.  I suddenly felt such a deep rush of longing as we walked up those stairs to the back porch of the store that almost tripped up the steps.   I pulled her close and hugged her again, smelling her hair, a sweet, flowery fragrance.
	“You’re trouble,” Alia said in a voice muffled in my shirt. 
I looked up at the screen door.  Like last time, I didn’t want to hassle with Larry in some embarrassing encounter with his “no guests” mandate, so I peeked into the kitchen and saw that no one was there.  Alia and I crept, holding hands, over the kitchen floor to the stair case leading up to the rooms when I heard Ronnie’s voice booming out.
“Hey bro!  Who ya got there?”  he bawled.
	He was up on the floor above where it looked down at the kitchen, and he was almost naked, wearing only a small pair of tight white underwear and showing not the slightest bit of self-consciousness or self-constraint – not even as he trotted down the stairs and bee-lined it over to the stairs to shake hands with Alia.
	“Well, well, well, what have we here?” he asked.  “Will?  Maybe I should go get Larry and see what he things about this!”  He winked at me, then turning to Alia and extending a hand, “Hi, I’m Ronnie.  Who are you?”  
Alia was amused, and laughed openly at the spectacle.  
“Nice tighty-whiteys…” she said, shaking his hand.  “I’m Alia.”  She turned and buried her face in my shirt in mock embarrassment.  “I think I just saw his wiener!” she said into my chest. 
	I laughed too, but warily, giving Ronnie a warning look as we walked over to my door.  He followed us over with a big grin on his face.
“Nice to meet you, Alia!” he said as I slammed the door shut in his beaming face.

I could smell a faint sweet perfume rising off of her again, as I closed the door and she walked over to the bed.  
	“So you got any ‘tighty whiteys’ in here, Will?” Alia asked as she opened one of my dresser drawers and playfully poked around in it with her hand.
	“Come sit over here,” I shook my head.  “I want to show you something.”  
Worried now about intrusion at any minute, from Ronnie, Larry, or whomever, I wanted to make the most of any private time I had with her.  That was really the main downside to the living situation at the store – you had very little privacy.  My bedroom door had a 2-inch gap between the floor that transported every sound out in to the hall, and vice versa.  More than one I had heard Ronnie rutting like a hog in his bedroom with some poor girl he had picked up who knows where. 
	I pulled out my acoustic guitar from the beat up case and tuned it as she came over and sat down close to me on the bed, close enough for our shoulders to touch and her thigh to touch mine, close enough for it to have been on purpose to sit so close.  She smiled as I finished tuning the old guitar.
	“You gonna serenade me?” she asked, looking up at me with her big, dark eyes. 
	“I do take requests,” I said a little low-voiced, because I was staring back into her eyes and it made me nervous and full of adrenaline at the same time.  
	I looked down at my guitar neck, staring at the strings, desperate to think of a song I could play that she’d know, or even like.  I was drawing a blank when she slide so close to me our hips were now touching, along with everything else.  She smelled so good.  “Teach me something,” she said quietly.   
	That helped.  I had one sure-fire song in my repertoire to teach someone in a pinch – it was the easiest guitar song to play that was ever written, at least the easiest guitar intro to a song ever written – Silent Lucidity by the band Queensryche.
	I slide the guitar over to her, which seemed a huge instrument as her little arm draped over the front of his to pluck the strings, as she cradled it in her lap.  
	I told her how to play the two little notes at the beginning, and, since she was familiar with the song, she was thrilled when she started playing it.  She laughed openly, obviously delighted at the sound of the song coming from the strings, and she kept playing the two little notes as she looked up at me, throwing her a strand of her dark hair back with a shake of her head and then staring up at me again.  
	I leaned over and kissed her, and it was on the neck that my lips touched.  Her neck was suddenly just there in front of me, so soft and smooth and exposed, with little strands of hair meeting the nape – an area I could not resist.  I kissed her neck up and down a couple of times softly, then moved up to her lips and we kissed, tentatively at first, then deeply, pressing my lips heavily into hers, tasting her, then backing away slightly to let our lips lightly touch, my arms around her back and head.  The guitar slid down off her lap onto the floor.  She caught it with her foot as it almost hit the floor and let it rest softly down, even as we kissed.  
	I pulled her cheek aside and kissed her neck again, both sides, as she pulled her long straight hair back from my way.  The arrowhead earring tickled my nose.  I kissed the little area where the neck meets the shoulder, on her right side – a little spot I had been craving since I had first seen her.  She rubbed my back and then held the back of my head while I kissed her, her hands buried in my hair. 
	We leaned back down into the bed and I began kissing her silently as I lay on her left side, half on top of her, but not wanting to crush her.  I must have told her she was beautiful about a million times.  She whispered that she loved my eyes and the way I looked at her.  I kissed her head and chest and shoulders, her neck and earlobes, that little spot below the earlobes...  
She stopped for a second and smiled, and she said, “I wanted to do this the moment we met… But you seemed so… unapproachable.”
Odd, given that fact that I felt I had stared at her like a vulture when she first walked in the store that day.   
She kissed me and then she rolled onto the top of me.  She sat up, straddling my waist with her prefect, brown thighs gripping me.  My hands found her bottom and I gripped her by her cheeks, my hands digging into her firmness.  But then she pulled my hands off, smiling, and scooted off the bed and walked over to the door.  I thought she was about to leave for a moment, but then she switched off the light, and in a dimness only illuminated by dusk outside the half-closed window she came back to me, sitting back on top of me exactly as before. 
She pulled my hand up and slid it up under her t-shirt.  I felt her small breast, her little firm nipple between my fingers as I squeezed and held her in my hand, and I began slide my other hand under her shirt.
She stared down at me as I caressed both breasts, but I couldn’t see her face in the dim light, just her silhouette.  I felt too self-conscious to speak in such a moment, and I thought she felt the same.  But suddenly she leaned down and kissed me, and then whispered in my ear, “Are you for real?  Can I trust you?”  
“I’m as real as you are, Alia.”    
Our lips were together again, and then a blanket was over us as our clothes and our fears and our doubts were shed.  I entered her hungrily, beneath the covers, smelling her fragrance and I held her so close that it felt like we pressed into one.  My hands explored every inch of her body, all of the parts I had watched, and I kissed her a hundred times. 

Fifteen 


	Somewhere in the middle of the night, I awoke and we were still cuddling, entangled – her face on my chest and our legs intertwined as we held each other.  She was awake; I could feel her eyelids blinking and brushing against my chest.  Crickets chirped outside the window, and I could see a clear, star-heavy night sky outside, through the branches in the window.  
	“Will,” Alia whispered.  
	“Yes?”
	“I just want you to know that you made me so happy when you asked me to spend time with you.  Thank you for hanging out with me.”
	She said it so quietly that it was hard for me to hear her tone of voice as she spoke, but it sounded like she was almost pleading, but I couldn’t be sure. 
	“Being with you,” I said back to her, “is different than it has been with others.  I don’t know what it is, something about you…  I had sworn off trying to find someone to be with when I moved here – at least for a long time.”  I reached up and cradled her head in my hand. 
	I felt the tip of her finger touch me on the lips, and then linger there for a moment.  She pulled it away slowly, and I felt her shudder.    
“You make me feel like I can actually maybe be happy someday, Will, and I’ve never really felt that,” she whispered.  “All I want in life is to be with a person who loves me, despite knowing everything about me, you know?  Someone who misses me when I’m gone?”
	I kissed her on top of her head, and she snuggled up closer to me, holding me tighter.  “I even missed you these last few days.  I wondered if you would come back at all,” I said in a voice heavy with feeling.  
 	“I’ve never told anyone this, Will,” she said.  She repeated my name as if she liked the sound of it on her lips.  “But I want to move… to California.   I want to be an actress.  It’s so stupid and corny that I don’t tell anyone.  But if can just get out there and work somewhere, anywhere, be on the stage, or TV, I wouldn’t want anything else.  Except you.”
She squirmed even closer into my arms.  She reached up with her hand and ran her fingers through my hair, kissing my neck and the underside of my chin.  
	For a time, we just lay there, her head on my chest, cuddled up to me.  I stared up at the dark wood paneling on the ceiling and just breathed in the scent of her hair.  I wondered about her dream of moving to California, and thought it was no crazier than me moving to Two Medicine.  The crazier the dream the better.  
I pulled her on top of me and we kissed again, this time slowly, in no hurry.  As we moved together, now knowing each other better, I whispered in her ear a thousand times that I loved her.

Sixteen


	BAM, BAM, BAM!  I opened my eyes wide as the loud booming sound came from my door, instantly wide awake.  BAM, BAM, BAM, BAM, BAM!  Larry; it had to be Larry.  He was pounding on the door with his big, meaty fist.  
	“WILL!” Larry bellowed, “YOU’RE 30 MINUTES LATE TO WORK!”  
	I looked next to me on the covers where Alia had lain all night.  She was gone.
“GET UP!” Larry shouted, pounding on the door again.  
I was furious at his intrusion, treating me like a kid who overslept the bus to school.  “All right, I got it!”  I shouted.  
I heard him stomping down the hall and back down the stairs to the kitchen.  There was no sign of Alia.  It had not been a dream though, I told myself as I sat up wearily in bed, because I could still smell her fragrance on the pillow.  I then noticed that she had left the necklace that she had been wearing that night on her pillow.  It was a small black string necklace with a little stone arrowhead on it.   
	 As I got dressed, intentionally taking my time just to piss off Larry, but skipping my usual morning shower, I grabbed the necklace on my way towards the door.  Pausing by the mirror, I put it on.  It was small on me and hung pretty close to my neck, like a choker almost.  But it made me feel like last night was more real and that a part of her was still with me, so I wore it.  As I left my room and trotted down the stairs, I wondered how Alia had gotten home – probably had called a friend yet again.  But why had she left so silent and secretly? 
All that day I worked the front store in a haze, ringing up peoples’ selections of souvenirs while barely looking at them, wrapping some of the more fragile things like mugs and glasses in brown paper, and making change robotically.   Larry had left half way through that day to get supplies in Browning, saying he said he wouldn’t be back until late that night, which was welcome as far as I was concerned. 
I kept reliving my night together with Alia in my mind, running little movies of our time together.  It seemed like a fantasy but I could smell her on my skin under my polo shirt, and I could almost taste her still, just almost – so it had to be real.   I imagined her breath on my neck again as I held her close as we slept.  It was a long shift, and the whole day I kept wondering when I would see her again.
When it finally came time to close, I counted down the register and locked the front doors.   Ronnie, who had been working in the back, came up to me.  “How about a bonfire tonight?” he asked, yawning.   “I feel like burning some things.”  He shook a cardboard box he was holding and smiled at me as he rattled the contents.  
I looked warily at the box.  “What you got there buddy?”
“It’s a surprise.”  
We walked back towards the kitchen.  Ronnie looked sideways at me, “So did you fuck her?”
I shook my head. “Even if I did I wouldn’t tell you, dude.”
He laughed at that.  “That’s a yes.”  
I didn’t answer; to explain my night to Ronnie would have cheapened in, devaluing it to the level of some drunken one nighter, of which Ronnie was a master.   I just pointed at the kitchen and nodded for him to go in.  He snorted and marched ahead of me; and we finished up closing down the kitchen without any more talk about Alia.   The necklace danged from my deck as I washed the dishes left from the day’s shift, and I imagined her coming in through the back door with a big smile, giving me a hug.  She didn’t appear, however.  

After we finished I went looking for Katie to invite her along with us to the fire that night.  I tried to make it a point to invite her every time Ronnie and I hung out, because I knew she was lonely and sad, always reading her books and sipping her tea, perpetually alone and moody as a result.   She liked solitude, sure, but also she seemed unhappy alone.  And that night I found her sitting on the back porch of the store, lit by the fading sun light above Rising Wolf’s peak.  She was reading a thick, leather book; and the sunlight made her hair shine, giving her an angelic, otherworldly aura.
“Hey Katie, how was kitchen duty?” I sat down beside her, taking in the vista of Rising Wolf towering over us, backlit by orange and red sunlight streaking across the sky, igniting the long, thin clouds that stretched out to the horizon.
“Peachy,” she said, looking up at me after a moment and then back at her book. “Sorry I didn’t help you guys clean up, but some guy ordered like 20 Huckleberry shakes today and the blender broke in the middle of making them.  I just dumped it all in a bucket and froze it to make ice cream – gave him and his gang of kids the whole bucket to make amends.”
She spoke in a voice that was always a little bored and a little irritated at the same time.   
“Watcha reading?” I asked her, trying to get her on a subject more in her line.
“The Bible.”
I looked down at the book as if she held some rare antique in her hands, or was reading Egyptian hieroglyphics.  I don’t think I had ever seen anyone just sitting around reading a Bible, outside of church – even in church for that matter.  My own religious upbringing had consisted of one yearly church service on Christmas, and even that wasn’t guaranteed.  The Bible in her hands gave the glowing sun halo in her hair an even more spiritual effect.
 “A little light reading?”  I asked.
She smiled slightly, “This book is actually full of intrigue, betrayal, sex, violence, love, death, war, peace… so I’d say that’s a definite ‘no.’”  
She folded a corner of the page and closed the book.  The cover was very worn, like someone had paged through it a million times.  Thinking back to my church days, I had always noticed that a much-used Bible develops a personality of its own.  Handled and careworn like a favorite baseball glove, they took on the shape of the owner.  Katie’s was battered and bruised.
“I could see that,” I said.  “But how often do you read it?”
“Not enough,” she said, getting up and stretching her neck back and forth.  “I grew up in a real religious home, Will, very strict.  My parents are both missionaries, except they always worked in the U.S., teaching Bible classes mostly, leading retreats. 
 “If you want, you can go to church with me this Sunday,” she said with a hesitant voice, looking at me with some embarrassment.
“Church?” I asked.  The idea seemed strange out there in the wilderness, like going to a bowling alley.  “Where? In Browning?”  
She shook her head, “No, there’s a service right here in the campground each Sunday morning.  The park has a pastor come out – it’s just one of the employees from the lodge, some young guy like us – but the park always provides one.”
I tried to picture a group of campers sitting around a young preacher in the middle of the woods, like some new cult leader brain washing his burgeoning flock, deciding who among the crowd he would takes as his wives.  I had no objection to religious people, far from it actually, but the scene left me with a vaguely unsettled feeling, out there in the wild as we were. 
“We’ll see.”  I said.  Then, to change the subject.  “By the way, the reason I came down here is Ronnie and I are going to get a fire going in a bit – thought you’d like to join us.”
She thought for a moment, “Why not?”  She got up walked down the back porch stairs onto the grass, and then looked back at me.  “Will, what do you think of this place now that you been here a little while?”  
I thought about it a minute, trying to examine my feelings and rehashing what I had gone through thus far – I wanted to give an honest answer.  Katie was the type of person who you gave honest answers to because you had the feeling, when you talked to her and she stared at you, that she could tell when you were lying.  And she had no tolerance for phoniness – that was obvious.
She smiled, “If it’s taking that long, it can’t be good.”
“Honestly? I don’t know,” I said, giving up after a moment.  “It’s as beautiful a place as I could imagine, and I love being up there in the mountains, hiking, fishing...”
 “But?” she added.
“But… I’m not sure this is what I came out here for – this job, the gift shop, Larry – it’s all weird… out of place.  I get the kitchen and camp supplies thing we do, but all that crap in the front, and to have such a buffoon as Larry running this place seems a travesty.”  
I looked around at the woods beyond the porch.  “I came here to try to start a new life, really, because my old one wasn’t working out so good for me.  The job at the store was just a way to get up here, but sometimes I wonder if I made the right choice after all.”
She laughed softly.  “Yea, but don’t let the store get you down, Will, that really would be a shame.”  She looked out over the lake at the mountain.  “This place has a special… power, a wonderful, special beauty that you need to see before you leave.”  She nodded back to the store, “The campers, the tourists, Larry – these are all just distractions from what’s really here.”
“And what’s that?” 
She raised her eyebrows at me.  “God,” she said, holding up the Bible too me.  
I thought she was joking but she held a serious expression on her face.  As I watched her for a moment, I could hear steps crunching on the gravel as Ronnie made his way towards the back of the store where we were.
“And the devil, too,” Katie said.  
Ronnie walked up to us nonchalantly.  Again I wondered about the two of them, but I never seemed to have the right moment to ask – either of them, yet.  I certainly could picture Ronnie sneaking into her room at three a.m., with no one else on that whole side of the building, with some excuse about sleep walking or something... his long lanky frame stealing across her room in his tighty whities.  A terrible image…
“What are you two scheming about?” Ronnie asked.  His arms were full of firewood, and behind him walked Bridget, the red head from the big bonfire at the lodge.  She was carrying his cardboard box.
Katie shrugged, and I said ‘hi’ to Bridget and helped them gather some wood that was stacked around the store.  This was not the wood for the huge fireplace in the store – those logs were greedily guarded under lock and key by Larry – this was just wood left around by campers who had moved on, which Ronnie went around and gathered every few days like a scavenging coyote.  

Whenever we had a bonfire at Two Medicine, Ronnie was also the unofficially finder-of-vacant-camp sites in addition to keeping the firewood in steady supply, and this evening he had found a beautiful spot – one right near the lake shore.  Such spots were usually taken and kept for days at a time by campers.  Ronnie had parked his car facing the other way and had lifted the trunk up, facing us, to let the music flow in our direction.  He popped in a mix CD of classic rock, his favorite kind of music, and set up some chairs. 
We piled the wood up high and soon had a roaring little inferno, which we sat around in fold-out camp chairs.  I had brought my guitar and was idly strumming some tune quietly, under the stereo, as we stared into flames and talked.  Ronnie had taken a couple six packs from the store – probably not paying for them – and we all drank them out of the can.  Ronnie had, of course, also brought a couple of newly-rolled joints with him, and he passed it around.  I took a couple of little puffs; Katie declined.
“So, Will,” Bridget said to me, smiling, “Ronald tells me you and Alia are an item.”  
“Well Ronald is full of shit,” I said back to her, looking back down at the flames and strumming my guitar some more.  
I wondered as I stared into the flames why I was so evasive; what did I care if they knew I had fallen for a local?  What did they care?  When I thought about it, I realized it had more to do with the fact that I felt so strongly for her, that it was an almost holy thing that I couldn’t joke about and didn’t want to speak openly about for fear of it being tainted, and like my other, disappointing, past experiences with women.  I had to keep this person separate, treat Alia as a special experience – which she definitely was in my heart – I had no doubt she was. 
	Ronnie blew out a cloud of smoke and sputtered and chocked for a second, then said, “Oh don’t give us that shit Will, Katie and I could hear your bed a-rockin’ last night.”  He winked over at Katie, who rolled her eyes, shaking her head. 
	“I know Alia,” Bridget said, taking the joint from Ronnie’s hand carefully as she spoke.  “Be careful is all I would say.”
	“What the hell do you mean?” I snapped.
	“She’s a little hellion, is what I mean.  She just broke up with the biggest drug dealer in Browning a couple months ago, but before that they lived together a while – and this is one bad dude.”  Bridget tentatively tried to coax a couple of puffs from the disintegrating joint in between her fingers.  Ronnie gave her a sharp look, and nudged her elbow.  She ignored him.
	I knew that Alia had had a rough background, but she seemed so young and innocent to me that I wondered if Bridget was talking about the same person.
	“Alia Reynolds?” I asked.
	“Oh it’s her, William, don’t worry,” Bridget said, smiling at me and winking.  “I saw her up here at the store a week ago, giving you that ‘come hither’ look.”  
“Don’t sweat it bro, just be careful,” Ronnie said, flicking the tiny ember of the joint into the fire.
	“Who’s the biggest drug dealer in Browning?” Katie asked.  We all looked over at her; she was sitting on the ground, hugging her knees.  “Tony Montana?” she asked.
	Ronnie gave a warning look to Bridget, who still ignored him.
	“You met him,” Bridget said, looking at me.  “He was at the lodge bonfire.”
	“He was with me,” Ronnie interrupted.  “That guy Clayton, Will.  But don’t listen to Bridget – Clayton’s a nobody.”
	“Oh, don’t be so sure,” Bridget said, shaking her head.
	“Just fucking drop it!”  Ronnie barked at her.  “He’s fucking trailer trash!”
	Bridget looked over at me, raising her eyebrows in mock surprise, and then down at the fire.  
As if to lighten the mood, Ronnie looked up into the stars, now speaking in a tone of apparent wonder.  “Did you guys know that the Perseid meteor shower is called ‘The Tears of Saint Lawrence,” and comes every year in August? And… did you know that the meteors are actually meteors from the tail of a comet….”  
Katie and I both groaned and told him to shut up, and it had the desired effect – we all relaxed a bit.  I still wondered about Alia, why she had lived with a drug dealer, whether or not Clayton was dangerous, and what she saw in me, and when I would see her again.  Maybe she was avoiding me because I’d be in danger if Clayton found out, but it could have been anything that was keeping her away.  Why hadn’t I gotten at least a phone number?  
I wished she was sitting beside me at the fire – roasting a marshmallow and talking with us.  I’d risk a little danger to lay beside her in my bed that night, I decided.
	Ronnie produced his cardboard box and shook it again for us, a roguish look on his face.  He set the box down and slowly opened it, reaching in for its contents.  We all sat watching him.  Katie looked over at me and shook her head.
	“Viola!” Ronnie said as he revealed a set of huge fireworks.  They were actual mortar tubes with baseball-sized fireworks shells that you light and drop in the tubes.  There were about six of the shells lined up in the plastic holder.  Ronnie held them up for us to see delicately, with fascination, pride and a bit of fear.
	“Jesus! Those look like the real deal,” I said.
	“Not ‘like’ the real deal – these are the real deal,” Ronnie said, as he unwrapped the big tube.  “They’re from Clayton and Jake’s stash, actually.”
He got a bucket out of his car, struggling with the weight, and I saw that it was full of sand.  He jammed the big tube down deep in the sand, to anchor it, and then looked around at us with childlike excitement, “Who wants to light the first one?”  
	We shot off all of the huge firework mortars, one by one.  They flew up to a great height and produced the big, colorful balls of explosions that one sees on July fourth.  They were incredibly close to us though – so close and so loud that I figured the rangers would surely have to show up and arrest us all on the spot.  None did, although a few campers wandered over to watch the show.  I wondered what Larry would make of the spectacle and the deafening noise.
	Each time Ronnie dropped a lit mortar he’d run over to our camp like a kid with a sparkler.  I tried to enjoy the moment, the show, but I couldn’t shake a worried feeling about Alia now, and I hoped she was safe, wherever she was.  And I wished, as I watched the Two Medicine sky explode, that I was going back to my room later and was going to find her lying in bed again.  We would cuddle up, I could hold her firm little body in my hands, and talk as I fell asleep to the smell of her.   

Later that night I lay in bed alone, staring up at the two little bats that had yet to fly out of my window to hunt for the night.  What did they think of the firework cacophony?  Had they noticed Alia and I making love?  I had named them Siegfried and Roy, and had come to think of them as pets, although not the kind of pets that provided any affection or even entertainment.  
As I lay there I heard someone fumbling with the lock outside the kitchen door downstairs, and then the door slammed open and shut again.  I assumed it was Ronnie, coming back from some late night romp with Bridget, but then I heard heavy steps lead across the store over to the front, then the distant creaking of someone walking through the store below, and finally up the wooden steps that led to Larry and Phyllis’s master room on the other end.  I rolled over and looked at the clock and it said three a.m.  
I heard their door close softly, and then I didn’t hear anything more.  I lay back down and imagined Alia’s little steps up my staircase and a soft knock at the door.  No such luck, however.  I was soon asleep in the silence of the early morning.

Seventeen


 	The next morning I was on kitchen duty and we were busy.  Larry was not at work, for the first morning ever since I had been there, and Phyllis said he was in bed sick.  She seemed a little frazzled about it after Katie and Ronnie asked about him, so we all just dropped it, glad in any event not to have him lurking around.  As I got the front doors of the store wedged open to let in the campers, I listed above me where Larry’s room was, but didn’t hear a sound.  He was never sick, never went out at night, never drank, and didn’t have any friends to see.  What had that old bastard gotten into then?   
That day Ronnie and I were sharing kitchen duty.  He was on the register this time and I did the cooking.  I enjoyed us teaming up in the kitchen because we had always a good time joking around and talking.  I had just wrapped up a big order for a family that had just arrived to camp, and was scraping down the grill, when Greg the ranger came walking in the back screen door of the kitchen.
	“Hey Will,” he said as he closed the screen door behind him, “how’s business?”  I noticed he didn’t smile.    
	“Business is booming,” I said, putting down the metal scraper and wiping my hands on my apron.  “I was wondering when you were gonna stop by.  Hungry?”
	He shook his head and walked over and leaned against the big kitchen table, glancing through the door that separated the kitchen from the rest of the store.  He was wearing the park ranger uniform, and set his hat down on the table.  I noticed he carried a gun on his belt. 
	“Yea, Two Med’s campground has been at capacity almost these last three weeks,” he said casually, looking back at me after a moment.  “Gonna be a busy summer.”
	I offered him a soft drink and he shook his head.  “I can’t stay long, thanks.”  
He leaned against our large kitchen table and folded his arms and looked at me. “Listen Will, I actually came here to talk to you about something that happened.”
	“Really?”  I took off my apron and set it down at the table.  I couldn’t image what possible trouble I might have gotten into – the fireworks?  “What’s up, Greg?” 
	“I was told recently that you have been seeing a girl named ‘Alia,’” Greg said, watching me as if searching for some kind of reaction.  
“Do you know her?” he asked. 
	I hesitated a moment, my mind running through various reasons why a park ranger may want to know about my involvement with Alia… Did she do something?  
	“Yeah, I met her, here at the store.  Is she ok?” 
	He waited a moment, and then shook his head and said, “She’s dead.”

His words were like a hard punch in the gut; I stood up from the table and let out a quick breath.  I felt a coldness creep over my chest.  
“She’s dead?” I asked, louder than I intended.
	Greg looked behind him into the store again and then back at me.   “Yes, she’s dead Will.  That’s why I’m here.  Sit down again,” he motioned to the bench.  “When was the last time you saw her?”   He shifted his weight leaning against the table and crossed his arms again.  
	My mind was frozen with shock and I couldn’t answer.  Dead...  I couldn’t believe what he had told me.  I would never see her, or hear her voice again.  I pictured her, for some reason, lying on some dirty street in Browning, in a small, crumpled heap.   I pictured those eyes looking up at me from my side as we lay in bed.  I could feel her necklace, which I had habitually worn ever since, around my neck as I stood there like a statue.
	“Will,” Greg said, reaching out to me and gripping my shoulder lightly.  He now seemed to have an expression of honest concern in his eyes, “You ok buddy?”
	“Yea,” I sat back down again.  “What happened to her, Greg?  What the hell happened?  She was just here yesterday.” 
	“She was found this morning, very early in the woods but not far from the main road that leads here – within the park’s territory.  I can’t tell you much more because it’s an ongoing investigation, but I wanted to check with you, privately.”
	The word ‘privately’ didn’t sound good.  I looked back at Greg.  “How did you even know I knew her; I mean why even think of me?”  
	“I talked to her roommate in Browning this morning, and she said she talked about a Will at Two Medicine – had to be you, of course,” Greg said.  
He cleared his throat.  “So, the last time you saw her was when?”
	“Yesterday,” I said.  “How’d she die, Greg?”
“Can’t tell you; not now.  What time did she come by yesterday.”
“She came by and we chatted while I was working,” I said.  
	 “What time did she leave?”
	A subconscious flash of concern told me that I needed to guard the details of Alia and I’s relationship, as brief as it was.  I looked at Greg’s uniform, his gun, and even though I thought of him as a real friend, I felt some primitive instinct to watch out.   
“Late,” I said.  
Greg studied my face.  I was staring back at him and gripping the rolled-up apron in my hands.  A silence grew between us that was noticeable.  
“You can’t tell me what happened?” I asked.
“No, Will.”
I thought of Ronnie, and how he had seen Alia and me later in the evening, heading up the stairs to my room.  I glanced out the middle kitchen door into the rest of the store – I couldn’t see Katie and Ronnie anywhere.   
	“Late, but I don’t know exactly when.”  I said again.  
“Did she seem upset, like anything was bothering her?” Greg asked.
	“No,” I shrugged, “on the contrary she seemed pretty happy.”
	Greg stared at me for a second more, and then straightened up.  “Did they know Alia?  Ronnie and Katie?”  He nodded towards the store.   
I shook my head.  
Greg sighed and then nodded his head slowly.  “People die up here every summer, Will, but it’s from easily-determinable causes.  Dying from exposure, mauled by bears, you know – stuff like that.   Nature is rough here, so it’s nothing new to find a body.  But,” he said slipping his ranger hat back onto his head, “Alia’s death was not ‘easily determinable.’”
	 “You can’t tell me how she died, but where was she found?” I asked.
	Greg shook his head and got up to leave, “In the park, but near Browning.”  
He nodded again towards the store.  “I’ll talk to the rest of the staff later; I’ve got to go to Browning in person now, to contact her family if I can find anyone.”
	“She didn’t have any family,” I said to him as he walked towards the screen door.  
Then it dawned on me, “You came here just to talk to me about her, before you even tried to find and talk to her family?  Why was seeing me so important?”
	“Because your name came up, and I felt like you needed a warning before the investigation really begins, Will,” Greg said, looking at me with a sorry expression.  “Browning has jurisdiction over this, for now, so you’re going to be questioned most likely.  There’s no local police in Browning, as you may know – we rely on Bureau of Indian Affairs to police the area.  But I wanted to talk to you personally before things heated up and the BIA finds their way here.”  
Greg handed me a card of his, with his personal number scribbled on the back.  “Like I told you,” he said, “at Two Med we look after our own.”
	The phrase “going to be questioned” struck me.  I followed Greg as he walked out of the screen door and headed over the gravel pathway around the store to his truck.
	“What should I do, Greg?” I asked.  “If Indian Affairs comes around, what am I supposed to do?”  Do I need to get a lawyer or something?  The very idea of talking to a lawyer was ludicrous and a gross shock in that wild and remote outdoor landscape.
	“Just be careful, buddy,” he said, unhelpfully, as he got into the truck and slammed the door.  He rolled his window down.  “Call me if you think of anything else, and don’t hesitate to come visit us at the station.”  Then he drove off, leaving me standing there alone.

I watched some campers walking down towards the lake, readying a camera for a shot of Mount Sinopah across the water, resting like a king with the world at his feet.  The family was small: a husband, wife, and a child.  Their voices were a distant, happy, and energetic as they stopped at the lake side and took shots of the mountain and then the store, with me still standing there in front of it dumbfounded like a wooden carving set there for decor.
I looked back at Mount Sinopah behind me and wished I was back on the summit, looking down at the whole valley, untouchable.  
	I walked over to a log that served as a bench near the store and sat down.  Alia dead… I still could not believe it.   I could still smell her.   I touched the little metal arrowhead on her necklace.  A thousand questions shot through my head in a moment: How did she die? Why did she die?  Did she suffer? Was she scared? Am I going to be a suspect?
I looked out over the water.  I had to find out more; I couldn’t simply not know.  Not knowing was far worse that the truth.   I resolved to go see Greg later that night when I was off shift and demand to know what he knew.  I’d tell him in confidence every detail I knew about Alia, with our time together in the proper place, in return.  
	I went back to my shift that afternoon and worked like a zombie – burning the burgers on the grill, dropping frozen lumps of French fries in the fryer absentmindedly, causing an eruption of oil all over the stainless steel fryer.  I was a thousand miles from the Two Medicine Store, staring off into the boiling fryer oil and turning over in my mind the thousand possible scenarios of her death.  I finally gave up after an hour and went and found Phyllis and told her I was sick.  
I avoided everyone on my way back to my room, and just lay in bed staring up at the ceiling.  How could something so grisly, so criminal, so ugly, happen out here in this pristine land?  It seemed like such an urban crime.  Just like Larry’s gross behavior, his Kansas mannerisms, the hokey gift shop crap, Ronnie’s drugs, Katie’ aloof distrust, this criminal investigation, with its companion words: murder, cops, lawyer – none of it belonged in this world that I had believed in, that had sold me on the move in Atlanta, a world that included Alia moving to California, finding happiness, and maybe even being with me – the both of us finally finding happiness, if only for a moment.  But the whole place looked different to me now: the mountains, the store, the customers, my room.
This horrible slap in the face caused me to feel like I barely knew the place now.  Two Medicine was just a remote spot on the map, and what was Browning? A distant, dangerous, crazy neighbor – best to be avoided.  Alia was on her way to escaping from there – but did it catch up with her again?  Or did she die near Two Med?  Was it from someone here that she met her fate?  
A girl I had slept with and had somehow fallen in love with was dead, only a few hours after leaving my bed.  I lay in the same bed that evening and watched the two bats cleaving to each other in a crevice in the wall, motionless, dead to the world and caring nothing for its concerns.  It would be good to be motionless, tucked away in a crevice and grasping Alia, far away from this place and both of us dead to the world.

Eighteen


I worked the next day’s shift in daze again – nothing was important.  A thunderstorm came and it rained heavily outside.  Thunder boomed down the mountains and bowled over us like a sonic tide, shaking the old windows each time.  The store was consequently slow, but whenever a visitor did come, they would rush in drenched, covering their heads with hoods and cardboard from the deluge.  All day I kept looking at the front doors to the store each time some person walked in, expecting to see a badge and uniform of an office with the Bureau of Indian Affairs – the big, bad, BIA from Browning.  I had never met any of them, but I heard they were a pretty aggressive police force from some of the locals that came by the store.  Yet, that day, no such person came through the door.   
	After cooking my last meal of the day for a final customer, we closed down the kitchen, scraping over the grill, dumping the frying grease, and cleaning all the pots and pans.  Ronnie talked a lot, and he seemed uncharacteristically edgy.  I just grunted an agreement him here and there, barely listening, with enough on my mind to not ask him what was wrong; and as soon as we were done I headed up stairs to change.  I intended to be out the door towards the Two Med ranger station as quickly as I could – I had an overwhelming compulsion to find out more from Greg about Alia’s death.  But I couldn’t shake Ronnie.  As I came out of my room, ready to go, he was standing in the hallway, as if waiting for me.  
“Hey Chiefy!” he said.  We had begun to call each other ‘Chiefy’ on a regular basis after watching Jaws together earlier in the week.  “Where ya going?”  He seemed cheerful enough, but also overly watchful, too interested.  
“Just heading down to Greg’s – he invited me for dinner,” I said, inventing a plausible explanation.  
“Oh yea?  I’ll come along.”  Ronnie jogged back into his room and grabbed his wallet and put on his watch, calling from his room.  “I don’t suppose one more mouth to feed is a problem for them.”
“I thought you didn’t like him,” I said to him down the hall, remembering Ronnie’s attitude at the ranger orientation.  
“Nah, he’s alright,” Ronnie shrugged, coming out of his room and heading down the hall with me towards the stairs. 
“What about ‘never trust a cop?’”
He paused, “I’m just keeping an eye on you.  Is that a problem?”
I just shrugged and told Ronnie as we walked that Greg had “mentioned” dinner before but may have forgotten, just to cover me in Ronnie’s eyes since I didn’t really have an invitation and in case Greg and his family had already eaten or something.  The drive in Ronnie’s car to the ranger station took about only a few minutes, and it was on the way towards the main lodge on a road I was familiar with now.  
The Two Medicine ranger station was more a house than station, but served for both since Greg and his wife and his little girl lived there for the duration of the summer.  It was a small, ranch style house with a little playground in the grass, a plastic jungle gym faded in the sun.  Greg’s ranger truck bristling with antennas sat in the driveway.  
	Ronnie kept chattering to me as we drove.  He seemed even tenser than before, taking hungry, rushing drags off his cigarette.  I was finally about to ask him what was wrong with him, when we suddenly came right up on a huge moose just standing in the middle road, barely visible in the dark until the car’s feeble headlights illuminated it.
“Jesus!” Ronnie shouted, and slammed on the brakes.  I wasn’t wearing a seatbelt and was hurled into the dash, cursing as my head bumped the windshield.  The moose, for his part, was spooked and quickly trotted off into the dark as Ronnie and I just sat motionless in the car for a minute.  I looked over at Ronnie and he seemed even more rattled than a moment before.
“Jesus…” he muttered again, shakily.  “This place is gonna be the death of me.” He lit another cigarette, his hands trembling, and then started off again down the road, at a snail’s pace now.  
I reached over and borrowed his cigarette, taking a puff.  We drove on in silence the rest of the way until we got to Greg’s house.  

Greg’s wife answered when I knocked.  She was small, like Greg, and I could see at once that she was at least part Blackfoot.  She was pretty in a plain, unadorned, natural way.  She had a soft, small face, a skinny frame, and was wearing a ranger uniform as if she had just come home from work.    
	“Can I help you?” she asked, obviously at a loss as to who were and what we wanted.  She didn’t seem unfriendly or that surprised, though, and I assumed that from time to time campers and visitors probably stopped by for help, seeing that the house was a ranger station and wanting directions or some help.  
“Yea, hi,” I said, “we work at the Two Medicine store and we wanted to see Greg.”  I added after glancing at Ronnie, “Greg invited me over, but he’s probably forgotten…”  I shrugged as if saying “that’s Greg for you….”  “I’m Will and this is Ronnie,” I nodded over at Ronnie.  
	“Ah, nice to meet you guys, Greg actually was just talking about you,” she said.  She opened the door for us and invited us in.  “I’m Deanna, people just call me ‘Dee.  Come on in!”  
	She led us through the foyer into a small living room with a couple couches and a TV, which was on.  A little girl with a burst of dark curls was stationed in front of the TV sitting on the floor, entranced by the screen.  
	“This is Ophelia,” Dee said with obvious pleasure as she watched her daughter.  “She’s our little mini-ranger.  Say hi to Will and Ronnie, Ophie.”
	The little girl glanced over at us for a second with a blank stare, didn’t say anything, and then returned to her screen.  On the TV some bizarrely dressed dancers were bobbing around a fantasyland scene, singing a song with erratic music blaring and stuffed animals bouncing all over the place.   
	I looked around the house and what I could see was a small, cozy little place with the kind of comfortable shabbiness that young couples, who are into the outdoors and are kind of artsy, and who don’t have much money, usually exhibit in their furniture and décor.  I liked the unpretentious feel of the house; and I felt an honesty in the place. 
	Dee walked us through the living room and into the dining room.  Greg was at the table with a laptop, typing quickly on the keyboard.  He looked up distractedly as we walked in, for a second not seeming to register who we were, then a smile spread across his face as he recognized us. 
	“Hey boys!” Greg said as he shut his laptop.  “What can I do for you?”  
I said, “Well I thought I’d take you up on that offer, and see how you rangers live when you’re off duty.”
Greg stared at me for a second with a questioning look, then he nodded.  “Right…” he said, looking doubtful for a moment.  Then glancing over at Dee he said, “Let’s set up a couple of more plates, babe, and show these boys how the other half lives on the government cheese.”  

He waved us over to the table and sat back in his chair then, stretching his back.  Dee brought us each a beer, which Ronnie chugged, and it wasn’t long until we had a meal before us.  Dee had prepared a roasted chicken with salad and had thrown in some extra rolls and potatoes while she was getting it all ready to add to the menu for the new guests.  Red wine was poured in each of our glasses with candles on the placemats, which Greg set out to “add some flair,” as he said.   Ophelia had been coaxed into sitting at the table in her little kid chair, but she was mostly busy fiddling with a little game tablet she had set next to her plate.  Every once in a while she would steal glances at Ronnie and I, and then at her mom and dad, but soon her little face was peering back down on the tablet’s bright screen.  
As we ate, Greg talked about how he became a ranger, how he and Dee met (which was at someone’s wedding they knew) and about the park.  Ronnie didn’t say a word; he had this moody expression on his face as if he had regretted coming.
“This place is getting more crowded every year, the ‘best kept secret’ is getting out,” he said, quoting the slogan from the advertising. 
“That’s what it was called the first time I ever read about Glacier and Two Med,” I said.  I told them about the magazine article I had read in Atlanta and how that had triggered my decision.  To date I had never told anyone about that magazine article and how it was a catalyst for my change in life, because it sounded so trite and ridiculous; but I trusted Greg and Dee.  Ronnie, I figured, could do no harm with it. 
Greg nodded and laughed at my description of the article, “Sure, this place is paradise, if you come for a few days, but living up here full time takes determination, and grit.”
“It takes commitment,” Dee chimed in as she cut a potato up for Ophelia, who didn’t seem interested in it.  “A few months into a hard winter and you think you’re on the moon.”
Greg looked over at Ronnie, “Ronnie, what made your decision to work here?”  
“It’s a lot better than Detroit,” Ronnie said, and chugged his 2nd beer straight from the bottle, saying nothing further.  He just sat there and slowly guzzled the beer for a few seconds, with us just watching him.  When he was done, he breathed out a sigh, and then went back to eating, not saying another word.  
It was on the verge of becoming awkward, with all of us just staring at him, when Greg suddenly piped up and began to tell us a joke about the rangers in the park.  It was something about rangers that rode horses, and something about horse shit (Ophelia looked up at him when he said that), and when he got to the punch line we all laughed, even Ronnie, and the rest of the dinner conversation picked up after that.  It was the first feeling of family I had in a very long time, as I sat at the table and talked to Greg and Dee; although I had just met the rangers I felt at home with them.   
My association with the idea of family had always been a muddled one, and it mostly centered on my father, who came to mind whenever I thought of “family,” even as distant and formal as he was.  But with this small family in this little ranger house in the middle of the mountains, I felt at ease and happy and like I belonged, in a way I had not felt for a long while.  Even Ronnie dropped his silent reserve and was laughing with Greg about life in the store by the end of the dinner.

When the meal was over, Ronnie said he had to get back and after thanking them for dinner he then made a quick exit.  I didn’t really want him there anyway so I didn’t object to his sudden departure, and Greg said he’d drive me back.  Dee went to give Ophelia a bath, and Greg and I moved out to the back and sat on his back deck on some fold-out chairs.  We leaned back against the wall, staring out into the night and casually sipping beers.  I saw a glimmer of moonlight reflecting a few yards off between some trees.  
Greg noticed me squinting at it and said, “That little river flows from your lake; it goes on for miles until it dumps into another lake – the Lower Two Medicine near Browning.  You can take a boat from the store and just float all the way to my back porch.  Kayakers float by all the time not even knowing ‘the cops’ are watching through the trees.”  
“Cops?” I asked, not understanding his joke.
“Rangers are sometimes called ‘Khaki Cops’ around here,” he said.  He took a gulp of beer.  “Like mall cops I guess.”
The crickets had started up with a scratchy fast whirring sound.  “I actually always wanted to be a cop,” Greg said.  “My dad was a cop in Missoula his entire adult life.  He made it to chief, but he died from lung cancer.  He was one of the last of the great chain smokers – always had a cigarette going, big messy ashtrays everywhere.”  Greg took a sip of his beer.  “He was a tough old bird though, got a lot done for the Missoula PD.
“After a year of college I went and signed up for the academy; I wanted to join the Missoula police force just like the old man, but I flunked out.”    
 “What happened, if I may ask?” 
He either cleared his throat, or laughed, “Flunked out on the written portion – didn’t answer the questions right, believe it or not.”  He tossed his empty bottle into a trash can at the end of the porch.  “I’m dyslexic – for the rangers it doesn’t matter though.  The Khaki Cops don’t care.”  
I glanced over at him.  I wondered if he was getting drunk, but he didn’t sound tipsy, just regretful.  
“I tried to join the army when I was a senior in high school,” I said to him, “but they wouldn’t take me because my spine was too crooked.”  
I didn’t tell him that I’d always been secretly thankful, however, because how I would have fared in the military I couldn’t image – it would have been hell for me, most likely.  I had only gone to the recruiter station in an errant impulse – like so many before me probably had, and impulse that I had always been grateful hadn’t panned out.
Greg nodded, “Well I wanted to be a cop to help people, save lives, protect people from being hurt, like my dad did.  And being a ranger I can still do that.”   He didn’t sound altogether convinced, though, more obstinate that inspired.  

I noticed the night was getting darker, and I saw that the stars had come out innumerable and bright in the time we had been on the porch, even with the moon rising above the distant trees.  In the Two Med sky I could sometimes see the sweeping band of the Milky Way stretching across the dome of the night sky in a delicate and cloudy streak, if it was dark enough.
Greg walked in the house and got a couple more beers, even though I wasn’t done with mine.  He came back and sat back down on the bench.  He didn’t seem like he wanted to go back into the house just yet.
“When my dad retired, he gave me his badge and the medals he had won on the force,” Greg said quietly, looking out into the dark woods in front of us.  A single light hung over his porch which just illuminated the area of grass in front of us a few yards.  Outside that circle it was getting very dark, as if we were the only living souls in the wilderness around, the only light on the porch besides the moon.  “He never said anything, but I know he was disappointed with me that I didn’t become a cop.  The old bird didn’t come to my swearing-in as a ranger.”
“Fathers become disappointed pretty easily, is my analysis,” I said.  “Mine was disappointed in me quite early on; so at least I spared him any big hopes from the get-go.”
Greg laughed quietly and shook his head, “Ophelia can do whatever the hell she likes when she grows up – or nothing at all.” 
I told him I agreed with his philosophy and we sipped our beers.  An owl hooted from far away, echoing faintly over the hills around the river.
“Alia was beaten up horribly,” Greg said suddenly, in a graver voice.  I looked at him and saw that he was looking down at his boots.  He said, “She was clothed, you should know, but she was battered and bruised in a way I haven’t seen before.  She had her purse, her wallet on her still.”
I again pictured a grisly scene and I imagined the fear she must have felt, and the pain, and another flash of vicious angry rose up in me.  
“But who the fuck would just kill her like that?”  I asked. “Does anyone have any suspects – any leads?”  
Greg shook his head slowly.  “The BIA in Browning doesn’t have any leads – I spoke with them today.  The rangers certainly don’t have any leads.”  Then he looked at me, “Will, I don’t think you did it, of course.  But you were known to have been with her on her last night. 
He shifted on the bench, “What I’m saying to you is you need to be careful, that’s all.”
I nodded but said nothing – the whole thing just seemed too bizarre to grasp. 
After a moment I said, “So she was murdered, but not for rape or robbery.”
Greg just shrugged.
“So what are you going to do about it?” I asked him.  
Greg didn’t answer.  The helplessness of the situation angered me.  “She was a good, honest person…” I said to him, quietly.  “Just trying to survive, to get by.  Didn’t have any real family here…”  I spat on the ground after he said this and gripped his bottle with both hands.   “She never had much luck.”
I thought about her last few days on this earth for a moment.  “She lived with this drug dealer guy, supposed to be some bad dude – ‘Clayton’ is his name,” I said.  “She broke up with him, I heard.  So is anyone looking at him?” 
“Who told you about Clayton Red Claw?” Greg asked. 
 “This girl Bridget who’s on staff at the park headquarters; she mentioned something about it.  You know the guy?”
Greg nodded, watching me, “Everyone knows Clayton.”
“Well, is the BIA investigating him?”
“Probably,” Greg said, “but not about this, I think.”
I looked at him questioningly, but he shook his head and said, “I’ve got ideas about him also, Will, as far as Alia’s murder goes, and his brother Jake too – they are never apart.  But the BIA keeps their distance from them, for some reason.  It’s all that drug business in Browning.  People think Clayton and Jake are involved drug dealing all over Northern Montana.  
“But,” Greg said, “the BIA doesn’t tell us rangers anything – they don’t share info about any investigation they have going – drugs or murder.  We’re the Khaki Cops, remember?”  
I shook my head, “So we don’t know if anyone is a suspect, or if anyone gives a shit that she was killed.”  
“People give a shit.  I give a shit,” Greg said, softly, but then I saw his face became more grim, and he said with a rough voice, “She was killed in my park, but what can I do?  She died in my territory, but the rangers are supposed to let the Bureau handle homicide.”
He took a quick sip of his beer, “My father became this big hero cop for a while, after he tracked down two missing girls and freed them from some crazy bastard’s basement they were locked in.  He didn’t even call for backup – just him and his partner went in there and ripped their bindings out of the wall and dragged the girls out.  Arrested the two guys that lived there too.  They had killed women in the past.”
Greg leaned back against the side of the house.  “He was asked by some reporter why he went straight into the house without waiting, and you know what he said?  He said: ‘Because it’s my job.’  Simple as that.”  

Greg picked at the paper label on his beer, then his hand suddenly fell back to his lap and he looked over at me with angry scowl on his face, “I want to indict whoever did this to Alia.  Because if someone can do that to her in my park and just get away with it scott free, then it could just happen again, to the next girl – to Ophelia.”  He swilled the last of his beer down his throat.  “And that would mean this Khaki Cop uniform I wear doesn’t mean shit.”  
I sat for a moment, thinking of Alia laying on the ground, alone and abandoned.  “The uniforms mean something,” I said.
I suddenly felt very exhausted, and I looked at my watch – it was getting late.  Greg caught the signal and took a deep breath, smiling with a sadness in his eyes, as if forcing himself to move on. 
 “Do you remember my orientation talk?” he asked.
“Of course.”
“That Thoreau quote?”  
“I think so.”  
“He’s my favorite writer; and I have an even better one for you… personally.”
Greg took a breath, held it, and then recited:
“I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately, to front only the essential facts of life, and see if I could not learn what it had to teach, and not, when I came to die, discover that I had not lived”   
“From Walden,” he said.  
	“A personal quote?” I asked, “or is that a message for me?”
	“We’ll see,” he answered.  “We better get you back; Larry will have your hide if you are late again.”
I looked at Greg as he got up slowly from his chair.  A complex man, I thought.  Was he a frustrated ranger rent-a-cop, whose talents were sadly unutilized, who has to watch police work from a distance?  Or was he just another hopeless dreamer who never made good on his dreams because he didn’t try hard enough, or didn’t’ keep trying?  Was he a friend to me, or a risk to be avoided?  Would he help Alia?  Could he help?
I found, as I got up to go, that I had a new view of this puckish little ranger, who seemed one minute to be nothing more than a harmless tour guide, the next to be in an emotional jumble, behind an amiable face.  Whatever he was, he clearly was not telling me everything he knew about what was going on with Alia’s death, or everything he knew about me, and that still unsettled me.  What he had told me was almost blurted out in a moment of emotion.  Even if there was some kind of investigation into Alia’s death, I doubted if Greg was going to have anything further to do with it.  
I said my goodbyes to Dee, and gave a little kiss on the cheek to Ophelia in her pajamas when Dee made her walk up to me for a hug; and Greg had me home before midnight.  	 


Nineteen


	News of the murder spread quickly.  While violent death was not unheard of in Glacier Park and Browning as Greg had said, it was rare when not caused by grizzly bear attack or a fall off some cliff along a hiking trail.   I tried to find out about any funeral plans for Alia, and I called the only funeral home in Browning and gave them the info.  But the lady on the phone had already heard about the murder, and said they hadn’t been contacted by anyone regarding funeral services.  There was no newspaper in Browning, and no coroner’s office, the closest for both was in Kalispell – so I couldn’t get any information from that route.  I even called the Blackfoot tribal council, but got nowhere. They wouldn’t talk to me at all about her – a man on the other end with the tribe just stated he couldn’t help.
	Larry, Ronnie and the rest heard about the death shortly after my visit with Greg; and the rangers all over the Park were talking about it to the staff members, warning them to be careful just in case there was still some killer out there still lurking in the mountains or stalking around Browning.  Ronnie said he was shocked, and said something about how Alia must have been in the wrong place at the wrong time.  When Larry heard the gossip, he chalked it up to more “red trouble” in Browning, although she had been killed within the borders of the park between Two Med and Browning’s city limits, so the gossip went.  Katie hadn’t met Alia, but was duly concerned, as a girl who often took long hikes by herself would be.  
	The story of the murder startled the campers who heard of it too, but soon, given the quick turn around on the campsites, and the story quickly was forgotten as new campers and visitors replaced the old.    
	I was told by Greg a few days after I had visited with him that the BIA’s office had “barely looked into it,” and that the only group that seemed truly concerned with finding anything out was the Blackfoot council, in Browning.  He said I probably didn’t need to worry about any questioning now.
	This both depressed and angered me; Alia definitely deserved better and someone definitely deserved to pay for what they did to her.  Greg called me up later told me that the Blackfoot tribe council had held a meeting and had elected a member to both press the BIA’s office into investigating further to find a suspect, and also for that member to report to the council on any updates in any investigation.  But when I heard who they appointed, my hopes immediately fell to the ground. 
“Thunderbird?”  I said to Greg, in shock.  “That weird white guy who hangs out around here?  That guys a joke!” 
Greg said, “There’s more to him than meets the eye, Will – he’s well known around here.  Don’t let his goofy ways fool you.  And yes he’s an elder on the Blackfoot council – they don’t let just anyone serve like that, you should know.”
“Really, I’m glad they’ve taken as much interest as they have,” he continued.  “Usually, the tribe council doesn’t get involved in criminal matters – they have to let the BIA handle things.  The people living there have enough depression and dismay without murders and other crime to think about and get involved in...”
Elder or no, I still couldn’t believe that Thunderbird was the council’s choice to check into Alia’s murder – or that he was even a member of the tribe, much less their man in charge.  Did this so-called “council,” whoever they were, really care about Alia’s murder if that’s who they have pressing the BIA?  Thunderbird seemed more likely to get arrested himself, based on his crazy behavior, if he started hanging around the Browning office.  I gave up on the reservation doing anything about it after that.  As I hung up the phone with him, I realized that now, of anyone I knew in Montana, only Greg seemed to have any interest in talking about Alia’s murder and any authority to help discover who had killed her.

I had the next day off, and this was now a week since Alia had been killed.  I decided to get out deep into the hills, to take the trail let led up to the top of Mount Sinopah, a long and difficult trek that a lot of causal hikers didn’t undertake.  I would have some solitude there, at least, to think about things.  I wanted to be totally alone, and not have to talk to anyone or think about anything – just sit in the sun and soak up the warmth – become just another feature on the mountain – alone and immovable.
	I started around eight a.m., and kept up a brisk pace.  I was in a t-shirt and shorts only, and the day was growing hot.  The mosquitoes were gone, completely, and were now replaced by the black flies that Alia had promised.  They didn’t bite, as she had said, but they did swarm around my face the same way, although they seemed to stay near the water and didn’t go up to high elevation, so I was ok after a few minutes of hiking.  I brought a small pack with some random food for lunch I had grabbed from the store and a large bottle of water, as I planned on being out all day. 
	About two thirds of the way to the top of Mount Sinopah was a tiny mountain lake called “Sky Lake.”  It was found past the top of one of the higher ridges near the summit of Sinopah, so you couldn’t see it from the valley floor when the hike starts.  I at least wanted to make it that far, because I had heard it was a beautiful spot, hidden from view.    
On my way up the trail I crossed through breaks in the green fir and hemlock trees where the woods would clear and the trail meander through wide, grassy fields, dotted with flower patches of vivid shades of dark purple, and bright reds and yellows, heated by the sun into vibrant bursts of color.  I had learned some of their names from campers in the park.  I saw, amongst the thick, dark-green cow parsnip bushes, with their little umbrellas of white flower clusters hidden on top, and huckleberry plants boasting the sought-after vivid blue berries sagging heavy with juice almost to the ground, there were purple lupine flowers rising up in their vertical clusters, like violet spear heads, and also brilliant three-petal trillium flowers looking like white starfish having crawled up the mountain to lay in the sun.  
A hundred other blooms that I didn’t know yet were sprinkled all over these sun-lit meadows I would occasionally cross in between the woods, and sometimes further up where the trees didn’t grow.  I would sit on the trail side, next to patches of stinging nettles that would itch your exposed ankles for the next five minutes only if you walk through them, and just absorb the light and warmth and fragrance of those fields.  The path that led up the mountain was dry and rocky, but on either sides of the trail was a riot of plant life and towering firs that drew one along as if through an ancient trance.  A scurry of rocks and dust said that a fat marmot had just scampered underground; and bees lazily, drunkenly, flew around the flower blossoms in no particular hurry.  
And if one looked down the steep slope below one could see Two Med Lake stretched out in dark blue far down in the bottom of the valley, and at the far end of the lake one could even spot the store, my home, with the parking lot gravel-grey seeming small and fragile, like a toy train-set house or a little wooden matchbox that a small stone could easily crush if thrown far enough.  

Hiking always centered my mind to where it should be.  On the way up I stopped for a small lunch of a Snickers bar and some granola, and I gazed a long time down in the valley and thought, not for the first time, of my previous life back in Georgia.  How strange that old life already seemed, or, rather, how strange to have been so recently in that life, and now just a few weeks later sitting on a mountain, looking down at a new home.  This was the rugged beauty that I had imagined, had hoped for, as I was packing my bags that crazy night in Atlanta.  I also thought of Scott and Holly, and even wondered how the magazine was getting on… in spite of myself.   
	Then the wind blew across the meadow as I repacked my bag on the trail.  I smelled the huckleberry blossoms and sun-dried grass, and I could hear the wind in the distant trees and feel the sun warming my face, and I thought that it would be nice if Alia came walking out of those trees, into the meadow.  I stood for a moment just watching the wind play with the flower blossoms, and then I turned and trudged on up the slope.  
	I finally reached Sky Lake around three p.m.  It was quicker going down so I knew I would be ok on time, as far as getting back was concerned.  There was no way I was going to reach Sinopah’s peak again, of course – not after my leisurely stroll up the mountain after my lunch. 
As I crested the ridge that protected the little lake from view, I looked down the slope towards the small bowl-shaped valley below, of which Sky Lake was the centerpiece.  Above, Sinopah’s peak looked like a huge stone skyscraper, rough and unfinished, brown and cracked and crumbling – yet iron strong.  
Sky Lake was truly what is called an “alpine lake” – deep blue, small, and untouched; and I reasoned it must have gotten its name by the way it reflected the sky is such clarity, with no breeze disturbing its mirror surface most of the time.
I trudged down the rocky trail that led down to the lake.  I passed through patches of trees, but mostly the trail here was grassy and rocky, as the valley got less sun than other parts of the mountain.  As I got closer I saw that the lake was so clear that I could see, even from a short distance, the blurry profile of some spotted-pink lake trout sliding effortlessly along a few feet below the surface, and also some just sitting motionless at certain depths.  I saw a couple of bald eagles perched on tall scraggly pines near the lake as well – they frequented the park in summer – being up here for the trout, I presumed.  Other than another marmot rooting around in the brush and many birds, I didn’t see any other wildlife about. 
I did see a figure walking towards me on the wide trail, however, or rather he was walking but at a wandering angle, sort of meandering over the trail.  It was hard to make out what he was wearing, but as I got closer I noticed he wasn’t wearing anything at all, except for a brown leather or deer-skin loincloth – an actual Tarzan-like loincloth.   That was all he had on – he wasn’t even wearing any shoes.  He stepped along the stones barefoot at a very careful, delicate pace, watching the ground and lightly placing his feet here and there, and making slow progress.   
He had long flowing brown hair, but it was a light brown and he was obviously a white guy – not Blackfoot.  A wild looking leather necklace with little shells laced into it hung around his neck.
“How’s it going?” I called to him as I walked up.  It was plenty warm enough to be almost naked like that, if you wanted to be; but I wondered what he’d do by nightfall, if he didn’t get back to a camp somewhere – the nights were still chilled at this time in the early summer.  And where was his food, or at least some water?
He looked up at me from the rocks he was daintily stepping over, and nodded, smiling warmly, giving me a short wave.  
“Hi,” he said, and looking up the hill to the top of the ridge where I had come.  He asked,  “How far is it to Two Medicine?” 
“About four hours, downhill,” I said, following his gaze to where the trail crested the ridge again.  “Where’d you start from?” I asked.
 “Oh… I’m not sure,” he said, smiling.  “Just been bushwhacking mostly, been out for three days.”  
“Three days, on Sinopah?” I asked, surprised and impressed.  “Bushwhacking” was the hiker’s term for avoiding the trails, striking out in the wilderness to make your own way.  Whacking bushes out of your way as you went, I suppose.
He just nodded and smiled, and I wondered if maybe he was mentally off or something.  I looked him over; he was athletic and well-built, but in a natural kind of way, not in the gym or lifting-weights kind of way.  And the loincloth was weird, of course, but as I mentioned before, in Glacier you met weird people all the time, very eccentric types with odd habits and strange demeanors, those who led a different kind of life – they were drawn to wild places like Glacier and Two Med.  
“Three days….” I marveled, more to myself than to Tarzan.  Then I asked him, “Where’s your camp, your gear?”
He shrugged and pointed a thumb behind him vaguely, “Oh I got a blanket by the lake, slept there last night.  Don’t have anything else, just been living off the land.”
“You must have been freezing…” I said.  
He shook his head and gave another of his shrugs.  “It’s a good blanket.  I just like to keep it pure, man, feel the earth under me.  Connect with nature and she’ll take care of you.”  
Apparently finished with our conversation, he gave me a quick nod and then began stepping along the trail, tenderly walking on the stones again.  I watched him go for a minute, in fascination, and not a little awe, and then I headed down to Sky Lake’s shore.  
As odd as he was, those kinds of brief conversations on the trail with people you suddenly came across were often like that – no names exchanged, some short chit chat, mostly “where you from” and “how ‘bout this weather” exchanged, along with some directions and notes about the trails, but none I met were so exotic as the loincloth guy – not even Thunderbird. 
I was impressed with him, despite the ridiculous, over-doing-it loincloth; and I respected his extreme stripping away of all technology and trappings of modern civilization.   Guys like that sometimes came to bad ends in the wilderness, especially up in the higher elevations, where a sudden thunderstorm of chilling rain and hail can come down the mountain with only a few minutes’ notice, and soak and then freeze you to the core.  Or they’d get lost and end up starving or getting attacked by a moose or grizzly.  Guys like The Loincloth did it their own way, though, and gave a middle finger to all the rules of backcountry hiking and camping (what would Greg make of this guy?), but they also were some of the statistics that made up the deaths in the park each season.
I had liked the guy though – he seemed genuinely friendly and real, even in his outlandishness and obvious image-consciousness.  And I hoped, as I sat by the lake and watched the mirror surface reflect the clouds above in the deep sky, that I’d see him again.     
I didn’t see him on the way down to the valley, however, but he was “bushwhacking,” I reminded myself – not the stamped out, well-traveled hiking trail for him!  So who knew where he had struck off to after gathering his blanket and heading down the slope?  I wished him well, and trudged at a fast pace back home that evening.    


Twenty

  
	A strange atmosphere had for some reason settled into the store the next day.  It was a Wednesday, and I was on gift-shop duty on the register.  Ronnie and Katie worked the kitchen.  We were pretty busy, as the season was now picking up; and I worked non-stop all day ringing up peoples’ gifts, answering questions about the store and Two Med, and restocking the shelves with Larry as things were being bought up and starting to run low.  When Katie was on the grill and Ronnie on the snack shop register, things always got backed up there because Katie was a very slow cooker.  
She took a long time grilling burgers and making tacos, because she had to have everything cooked perfectly, and, I think, because she was scared of making people ill or something.  Ronnie was always patient with her, and never lost his cool – even when the line for food got way backed up.  
Larry, however, would rush back to the snack area and openly scold her for being behind, in front of the customers, rudely, and yell at her to get things moving or he’d “damn well cook everything himself!”  But Katie took his berating with a grain of salt it seemed, in her stoic and quiet way, and just kept up her slow, steady pace of grilling the perfect hamburger patty and blending the perfect Huckleberry shake.  
I always marveled at Katie’s patience with Larry, because she never lost her temper with him that I saw, and had a Phyllis-like, long-suffering patience for his blustering and meanness; and I wondered, yet again, why she would come back to work at this particular place a second season, despite its beauty, after dealing with Larry for one year already.  But she seemed at peace at the store and impervious to Larry; and when Larry wasn’t around, and even sometimes when he was, she seemed at home there too.  Maybe she had had other Larrys in her life and was immune.

That evening Ronnie, Katie and I had another fire in the big fireplace in the store, using about three large tree-trunk logs that Larry watched like a hawk during business hours.  After joking around and laughing too loudly at one point, Larry again stormed out of his room around eleven p.m., screaming at us to “stop this racket or there’d be hell to pay!” and slamming his bedroom door again even louder than any noise we could have made.  We had actually been playing poker, which Ronnie had been trying to convince us to make strip poker, for Katie’s benefit he said, when Larry boomed out of his room.  I glanced up at him and pictured Phyllis cowering in the bed, under the covers, waiting for that hairy old beast to come back into the bed grumbling and swearing.  I felt terrible for her at those times. 
	Katie wouldn’t agree to strip poker however, so Ronnie and I said we would and she could just play “regular.”  I admit I had been eyeing Katie’s tight little body and shapely, heavy breasts under her pajama pants and little t-shirt, with an irresistible hunger.  But we had a good joke with the male-only poker game anyway, until Ronnie actually took off his pants after losing a big hand (with about $50 in the pot on that bet,) and he wasn’t wearing his classic “tighty whiteys” after losing big on a hand.   Katie laughed and Larry shouted something again from his room without opening the door, and we gave up the rest of the game.  We put out the fire after that and trudged upstairs to our respective rooms.
I had peeked into Katie’s room one once when she was gone (she always kept her door closed) and had noticed how much of a home she had made, as only women can.  It was much more intrusive to look into her private room with her pictures of her travels and her friends set up here and there, with her posters and art, with her bed covers she had brought and little reading lamps she had for decorated her room with, than it was to look in Ronnie’s or my rooms, which pretty much still appeared as they did the day we moved in, except for our clothes on the floor here and there, and my guitar and some books.  Men traveled light in this world, not leaving much of a mark from place to place and room to room, I’ve always noticed; but women carry their lives with them everywhere.  They know how to make a home of a place, even with barely anything to work with.  A woman could make a submarine look like a home.

After Katie went upstairs, Ronnie knocked on my door and invited me to drink down in the kitchen with him, apparently not yet ready to call it a night.   He had grabbed a six pack of Miller from the store’s fridge out front, and we sat at the big kitchen table.  
	“So are you still mourning that girl – what was her name, Alia?”  He asked, glancing at me with half closed eyes and taking a long swig of beer.  
	“Yes.” I said.
	“Is that why you wear that necklace twenty-four-seven?”
	I reached up and felt the arrowhead.  “I guess so,” I said, unconsciously resisting his intrusion into this area, as usual.
	He nodded.  “Ranger Greg seems to be very interested, even though it’s out of his jurisdiction.”
	“What do you know about Greg’s jurisdiction?” I asked him, suddenly annoyed with his tiring dislike of Greg, and with his broaching the subject of Alia in this casual way at all.
	“I know he should be stamping out forest fires or something, rather than acting like a big homicide detective,” Ronnie said.
	“Who says he’s been acting like homicide detective?”  I asked.  My voice betrayed my anger.  
	Ronnie noticed it and tried to cool things off a bit by shaking his head dismissively and clinking out beer cans together in a fake toast.  “Sorry man, I don’t mean to stir things up; I know you cared about her.”
	But I wouldn’t let his comments drop – not this time.  “But who said he’s been acting like a detective?  What do you know about it?”  I asked. I knew that I was sounding a little frazzled and manic now, but I had been feeling that nobody anywhere was acting like any kind of detective when it came to her murder, that it was being swept under a rug as far as I knew, and Ronnie’s weird suggestion was just another frustrating joke.  
Ronnie shrugged and pursed his lips together, his small mustache wrinkling up under his nose, “Well, Clayton says he’s been snooping around Browning all week.”
	“Clayton?” I asked. “What does that loser know about anything?”
	Ronnie looked at me for a moment, hiding a smile, “Well he knew Alia – longer than you did.”
	“Clayton probably did the deed himself, that fucking degenerate,” I said, offended by Ronnie’s smile, and not wanting to actually name Alia or the murder out loud – not wanting to expose such a raw wound and hidden pain – not with a guy like Ronnie.
	Ronnie’s half-smile fell when I said that.  He shook his head.  “You better stay away from Clayton – and his brother Jake,” he said, growing seriousness immediately.  “They’re no murderers, at least not that I know of, but they don’t fuck around and they won’t take too kindly if someone’s going around saying they killed Alia.  You could be in trouble with that shit, Will,” he said, sounding actually concerned about my safety.
	“Did Clayton saying anything to you about Alia’s death?” I asked him.
	Ronnie shook his head.  “Of course not,” he said.  “But I rarely talk to him.”
	“What’s really your connection with Clayton and Jake, Ronnie?” 
	“Connection?” he asked, smiling again.  “I’d say the only connection was that I bought some weed off them.  But so does everybody around here.”
	I frowned at him, thinking of Alia living with Clayton in Browning; and then I looked over the screen door and out past the porch light into the darkness.  It was perfectly dark out there, and I couldn’t see any more than what was illuminated by the cone of light from the single lamp above the porch.   Moths flung themselves around erratically on wing around the lamps.  Again, I pictured her little body trampled and beaten, her small arms and legs bloodied, that pretty little face with her smart and emotional eyes shoved down into the mud.  That little body tramped like trash.  It made me sick to picture it. 
Ronnie suddenly let out a long and deep belch that sounded like some monstrous creature roaring, and then her muttered darkly, “That old bastard up stairs…” meaning Larry, of course.  “We oughta teach him a lesson.  Acting like he owns the place…”  I knew Ronnie was trying to change the subject and the mood, trying to cheer me up and move past it; and I tried to shake off the dark feeling that had come over me as he spoke as well.
The idea of Ronnie teaching Larry a “lesson,” whatever that really meant, appealed to me; and Ronnie was certainly the right guy for a job like that – a man who did not just have bad morals, but really had no morals at all – no ethics either way.  
Suddenly Ronnie hopped up from the kitchen bench and walked over to one of the metal kitchen counters, over to where Larry kept a large pitcher made of pottery with a clay lid on it.  In that pitcher was Larry’s prized concoction of sourdough, fermenting for days at room temperature.  Larry was always going on about how his sour dough had won awards in Kansas and about how it was this “secret recipe” that he’d “die,” before giving up, as if any of us wanted it.  
Larry would make pancakes for him and Phyllis on Sunday mornings from this batch.  And now, I watched with fascination as Ronnie hopped up and stood on the metal counter, flipped off the lid of the pitcher, dropped his pants, looked over at me and said, “What do you think, chiefy?” And then peed straight into the sour dough, letting about half the stream pour into the picture and then squeezing back the rest while he jumped down to finish on the back porch, shooting a long stream out into the darkness of the back yard. 
I shook my head, but I appreciated Ronnie’s creativity at coming up with a clever punishment for the old bastard.  I walked over and flipped the clay top back securely on the pitcher, careful not to touch Ronnie’s drops of urine on the edge, and then we shut down the kitchen and went upstairs to sleep.  
Larry made his special pancakes that next Sunday morning and he didn’t say a word or show any signs that he was aware of our foul play – although Ronnie told me he made sure he was on hand to witness Larry and Phyllis’s pancake breakfast; and he told me he watched them carefully as they began to eat.

The next morning, I got a call that changed everything for me in Two Med, from the Bureau of Indian Affair’s office in Browning, so Greg was wrong about them not being interested in me.  The call made a cold, nervous feeling sink into my stomach like a ball of concrete.  Katie had answered the store phone when they called, and she had called over to me from the gift shop register that I had a phone call.  I was stocking the store fridge, packing in eggs and milk and bacon from large, waxed refrigerator boxes; and I asked her who it was, wondering who on earth would be calling me at the store when no one I knew had the store’s number.  I walked over to the phone figuring it was Greg or Dee possibly.
“It’s the police.”  Katie said, looking at me with concern.
I froze in mid stride and just stared back at her as she held the phone.  Larry or Ronnie weren’t within earshot, and there were only a couple of campers milling around in the snack bar area, so nobody heard.
I nodded to her silently, and wiping off my hands on my jeans, I took the phone from her with my heart now beating a hard rhythm against my ribs.  
“This is Will Benton,” I said into the phone, glancing over at Katie who walked over to finish my stocking.   I turned to the other side of the register for some privacy.  “What can I do for you?”
The voice of a large, burley man filled the earpiece of the phone, his mouth sounded too close to the mouthpiece, “Will? This is Detective Olsterman, in Browning.”  The detective had the touch of a southern accent, “en Brownin’…” 
He continued, “I’m with the BIA, and I wanted to talk to you about Alia Reynolds.  I got a statement from somebody that you knew her?”
“Yea, I knew her,” I said.  No point in being evasive, I told myself; I’ve been wanting an investigation, after all, to find out who killed her.  But not an investigation of me.   
“Well why doncha come down to my office this afternoon and we’ll chat – gotta few questions for ya,” he said in a slow drawl. 
“I don’t have a car.” 
“Well we’ll send someone to getcha,” he quickly said back. 
I didn’t like the sound of that, getting into the back of some cop car in front of the store. 
“No, I’ll just borrow my friend’s car.”
We worked out a time for me to be there and I ran it by Larry, telling him the BIA wanted to talk to me about some hiker who had gotten killed, someone I had met.  No point in lying anymore, especially since Katie knew the police had called for me.  Larry seemed agitated at the news, and asked about the hiker and how I was involved, but I just shrugged and said I didn’t really know what it was all about.
 As I got into Ronnie’s car, the coldness and nervousness increased in me as I tried to imagine how the BIA saw me.  What had they been told, and by whom?  Did Clayton say something about me to throw them off his trial?   Am I going to need a lawyer?  The idea still sounded preposterous – that I would ever need legal counsel living in the middle Glacier National Park.

I told myself it was all farfetched, that the BIA was just going through its list of witnesses; and I kept the fear out of my head as I started the car.  No matter what this conversation with the BIA was about, I wasn’t going to let a chance slip by of trying to help find who killed her.  Before I had left, I did call Greg at his office number, though, and left him a message that I was heading to the BIA’s office because they wanted to talk to me.   It seemed like he should know.
As I pulled away from the store, I heard the transmission straining to switch into gear, and I wished I had a more reliable vehicle to drive to Browning in.  But Ronnie’s car was better than walking; and I appreciated his generosity in lending it out whenever Katie and I asked.  Larry had an old blue pickup truck at the store that was in good shape, but it was gone for some reason that day; and I knew he wouldn’t have lent it to me in any event – nor did I really want to drive his vehicle.  
Ronnie’s car as usual struggled manfully up and over the hills on the main road, back and forth over the switchbacks and curves that led out of the mountains and towards Browning.   I ended up making it to the tiny downtown area a little after four p.m.  
The BIA’s building was a small, one-story, flat, aluminum-siding structure next to the county courthouse.  It had a big window in the front, like it had previously been some kind of retail store in the 40’s or a hardware store or something.
I parked out front and went in.  I walked up to a counter where a secretary was filing papers into a large metal file cabinet.  The whole office looked dated and cheap, stuck in the 70’s with old metal desks, Styrofoam coffee cups, and dirty fluorescent lights.  A dusty, beige computer in front of the secretary was the only technology I saw beyond telephones and file cabinets.  There were a couple of men in uniforms in the room, looking like regular cops, but the patches on their sleeves looked different – a big seal with the government’s “Department of Indian Affairs” logo on it.  
The secretary near the door told me to sit and wait after checking out my name with someone on the other end of her phone.  As I sat down in a tiny lobby alone, I felt my nervousness rise, now that I was about to face the meeting itself.  I felt like I should have prepared myself somewhat, arranged a few facts a bit, reviewed things so I could keep them on the killer’s trail.  I wasn’t even sure what I’d say when the interrogation began. 

I hated sitting there waiting to be called back; and I wished I had not come and just talked to the cop on the phone.  I reached up and felt Alia’s metal arrowhead around my neck, almost as a reflex.  I wanted to help the cops, and I was hoping they could shed some light on what happened, but I still felt like I was on enemy territory in that office.  Maybe Ronnie had gotten to me.  
And anyway, what did I know about Alia, and what could I tell them?  Nothing that wouldn’t point back to our sleeping together the night of her death.  A macabre and chilling thought occurred to me – would they have done some sort of test for recent sexual activity?  Of course they would – they already have, I thought.  Maybe the results had just come back, and that’s why they had now called me…  
Eventually I was called back by the secretary, and I was led to a small office in the back.  I was led into the room; and I sat down in a well-worn chair, old and leathery, in front of a big wooden desk with an amazing amount papers stacked here and there on it, in some places jumbled together.  On the desk rested a couple of coffee mugs, two phones, a lot of paperweights and awards.  A little black computer monitor was sitting at the very far side of the desk, as if it was reluctantly placed there merely out of obligation, and shoved aside keep it out of the way.  
Finally a large man in a BIA uniform came in and sat down at the desk, nodding to me.  His badge read “Olsterman.”  Officer Olsterman seemed about 55 or 60, was heavy set, overweight, but tall – probably almost seven feet, I estimated – a huge human being and intimidating.   He had a very round head, like a big egg, and a small face with hard eyes close together making him appear slightly dull witted, but still menacing – like a temperamental giant.  He sported a scraggy, grey/white beard, which made his bald head stand out all the more.  He had on the same uniform the others outside had, but without a tie or gun belt.  
He settled himself in his chair with a sigh, introduced himself and offered me some coffee, and when I declined he said, “Well, we just have a few questions for ya.”  He pointed over to a tape recorder on his desk, “We tape conversations like this, that ok?”
I glanced the machine, not liking the look of it, and said, “Ok.”  
He must have noticed my hesitation, because he showed me a wide smile and said, “It’s no big deal, Mr. Benton.   We been talkin’ to anyone that knew her.”  He switched on the recorder and pressed the red “record” button.  “You did know her, didn’t ya?”
“Yeah, we had just met.  But in knew her, yeah.”  I watched the wheels of the tape recorder turning.  Alarm bells starting going off in my mind – I was probably the only one they knew of that was with her the night of her death, and we had had sex, and whatever I said would be written in stone.  
He asked me when we met, and how and where.  I told him about her coming into the store that day, me taking her on a canoe ride, showing her around the place, and that we had hung out until late in the evening.  I kept it a little vague.  I was struggling between wanting to tell this cop all of it, the sex, my feelings for her, my desire, because I wanted to somehow relate to him what she meant to me, and to get him off his ass to find this killer who had destroyed a precious work of art.  But I was also struggling with the desire to distance myself from the cop and his investigation.  Yet as I spoke, I slowly felt a releasing of my hesitancy and a resigning myself to my fate, whatever fate would bring; it was like he had some subtle cop power to get me to talk into this machine on his desk.  I glanced at its moving wheels again.  It was still a relief to tell what I knew about Alia to this cop, like releasing the pressure in a tire that was overfilled, but I was still cautious, and I decided not to tell him we had had sex.  
Officer Olsterman mostly sat still as a stone as I spoke.  As I talked, he interjected a few brief questions to clarify some facts, but basically he let me ramble.  After I had finished telling him about Greg visiting me at the store and telling me about Alia’s death, he picked up the line of questioning. 
“So you said the last time you saw her was when she left your room late that night, but I don’t think you said when that was exactly,” he said.
Because I had no idea...  But what could I actually say?  Even I thought it strange that I had not heard or felt Alia leave the bed and my room that night, nor had I heard her on the stairs when she left – and I was a very light sleeper.  Somehow, she had snuck out of the place without a sound, as if she had just floated out of the window like a ghost.  
I wondered how I appeared to this cop as I sat before him – a fool, a possible killer, or just a nobody to be crossed off a list?  One thing I was sure of, was that my story sounded too vague; a suspect would be that vague, that incomplete.  
Officer Olsterman’s long years on the job and his cop’s sixth sense noted my uneasiness, smelled it, probably, and he now watched me with a new interest in his eyes.

As I sat before him, I sweated under the reality that one misstatement could mushroom this “fact finding” conversation (as Olsterman had called it at one point) into something much more serious, and divert the police off the proper trail, wherever the proper trail was…
“I don’t really know when she left me,” I said again, shrugging quickly.  “She just left in the night.”  
“You didn’t hear her leave?” he asked again.
“No.”  
He glanced over at some notes on a legal pad beside his arm, then back at me.  “Did you two quarrel before she left?”
	I should my head.  “No.”
	He just sat in silence.  I felt a strain develop in the air.  
“Any reason why she would just leave in the middle of the night like that, Mr. Benton?”  His tone had changed ever so slightly and had a new edge.
“Could have been anything,” I said.  “I really didn’t keep track of time, but she may have left early morning – I don’t know.”   
“Early morning? What were you two doing in your room that night?”  He asked, watching me.
“Playing guitar.”
Why didn’t I hear her leave, goddamn it?  I thought.  Her disappearing like she did cast a different like on the whole night, and a different light on me.  The more we talked, the more I felt like Officer Olsterman’s interest in me was growing – despite my whole intention to avoid that.  And whatever happened to me aside, any attention spent on looking at my involvement was wasting what little powers the small police force in Browning had available to apply to this case.
	Olsterman scribbled something on his pad.  “Did she ever talk to you about anyone who wanted to hurt her?”
“No, nothing like that.”  I heard frustration edging into my voice.  “She had a troubled past, you know, and I was told she recently broke up with this guy Clayton, a drug dealer in town...”  I paused and watched the officer’s face for a reaction, but he didn’t give away anything – just the same passive but steady gaze at me and at his legal pad.    
 “What kind of ‘troubled past’?” he asked.  
I told him about her foster care experience, what little I knew; but I left out the story about the bathtub and I just said she had been abused physically.  It seemed like a violation of her trust in me, somehow, even now, to expose that dark secret she had entrusted to me – at least to a cop I had just met.  
He took a few notes on the legal pad.  He then asked me if I had any kind of criminal record, and asked me about Ronnie and the rest of them at the store, if they knew Alia and similar questions.  I told him they didn’t know her.  The officer made a final couple of notes on the pad as I talked and then he slowly looked at his watch.  
“Well I think that about does it.”  He stretched his beefy arms back over his head, popping some vertebra in his neck and rolling his large head around slowly, and then he reached over and switched off the recorder.  
The whole thing had gotten us nowhere.  What had he gained from anything I had said?   What had I gained?  Now, despite my misgivings and apprehension in coming there at all, now that I was actually there, I didn’t want it to end so briefly without anything of substance being learned by either of us that afternoon.  
“So how’s the investigation going?” I asked him.
The officer shrugged.  “There’s not much to go on.  We don’t have a lot of information at this point.”  
He looked at me with the hint of a smile, or at least I thought I detected one.  “Nobody seems to have heard or seen anything.”   
I waited a moment, searching his face for a sign as to what he may be thinking; but he kept his face a mask of tired, grudging duty.  
“Who found her body?” I asked. 
He shook his head slowly, “I’m sorry – can’t tell you that.”  
“Why not?”  
He paused a moment.  “Because I said so; and because it’s an ongoing investigation.”  He reached down and brought up his coffee mug and took a sip.  
“A ranger in Two Med told me that there was no sign on her of sexual assault.  Is that true?”
The officer sighed for a second, and placed the mug back down and shook his head in exaggerated frustration.  “Greg, I assume.  You need to tell Greg that he should stay in the park and take care of park business – he’s not a part of any investigation.”
I considered that for a second.  “Is there any?” 
“Is there any what?” he asked. 
“Is there any investigation?  I mean, you said yourself you don’t have enough information, so where do you go from here?”  
He looked at me with a face that said I don’t need some young punk questioning how I do my job.  He cocked his big round head sideways a little and said, “What are you trying to say, young man?”  He leveled his gaze at me a little lower, probably an expression he used regularly on young punks who back-talked him.
“I mean she’s been dead for a while and I don’t think the BIA has even been out to Two Med at all to ask around about her – at least not that I’ve heard.  What about the campers and tourists who were around when she died?  They’re long gone now.”  
I felt my face was getting red as I rambled, and I felt a new rush of irritation with the feeling that nothing would probably be accomplished by this meeting.  I wanted to vent all the frustration and impatience that had been pent up in me since I had been told Alia was dead, onto this bald cop.  Someone so good and passionate in my life had been ripped right out of my hands, and it was beginning to look like the cause, and the killer, would remain a mystery.  And I could not take that... I would not take that. 
“It just seems like everyone is just shrugging it off,” I said.  “There’s this clown Thunderbird supposedly elected by the Blackfoot tribe to find out what happened – which is a joke.  At least Greg seems to give a damn – and she was killed in the park.  I mean this wasn’t a bear attack – how many violent murders like this could there be in Two Medicine?  And is anyone looking into this Clayton person – she lived with him for Christ’s sake…”
I stopped and took a deep breath and looked out of Olsterman’s office window, shaking my head, trying to calm down.  Officer Olsterman didn’t say a word, but just stared at me, his mouth a firm frown and his eyelids half-lowered.  

I knew Alia deserved better; she barely had had a chance in life and now barely had a chance in death.  I decided, right then and there, that I would find out what happened to her.  I would recruit Greg, the only person who seemed to care besides myself, and find out what happened no matter what happened.  If it cost me my two-bit job, so what?  If it got me in trouble with some crazy drug dealers?  Whatever.  If I got hurt?  So be it.  Thrown in jail?  Fine.
“You may think I don’t care about this girl, Will,” Olsterman said as if reading my thoughts, “but we take our job seriously, and we do our jobs seriously.  You think this is the only crime we have to investigate?   It’s not – not even the only murder.  But make no mistake we are taking it very seriously.”  
I looked back at the officer; he just seemed more tired than motivated, and his words didn’t convince me.  At this point, I just wanted to get out of his office and go find Greg.  I saw the sun was going down in the distance out past the buildings in town.  I told the officer that I had to get back to the store and I asked if we were finished.   
Olsterman nodded slowly at me, and then picked up a card from his desk and handed it to me.  As I grabbed it he held it for a second before releasing it into my hand, and said, “I have to say this in these situations, of course, but don’t leave town without checking in with me first – we may have some more questions for ya – might need a DNA sample from ya too.”  
I nodded vaguely, and walked out of his office and towards the front door.  His parting request haunted me as I left, but I realized that it was just a part of the whole, ridiculous mess.  I reflected again that I was mostly likely the last person to see Alia alive (in their minds) and that made me either the killer or an important witness, so of course they were going to be keeping an eye on me.  But DNA would only complicate things for me, and it left me with a bad feeling.
All in all though, I thought as I started up Ronnie’s car and backed out of the building, could have been worse…  At least they didn’t arrest me.  

Twenty-One


I called Greg that night, but only got Dee.  She told me Greg would be out of town for a couple of days assisting with some park business on the other side of Glacier, but that she’d give him the message to call me when he got back.  Disappointed, I hung up the phone and hoped I could convince him to look into what happened with me.  
The next few days at the store passed uneventfully, my thoughts about Alia’s murder drowned out at times by the steady pace of the job – up front and in the kitchen cooking up peoples’ meals.  More new faces from the campsites came and went, buying this and that, ordering meals, telling us about themselves, their travels over the park, asking us where we were from, and what it was like to live in the store… asking about the grizzlies, the bald eagles, the lake and mountains, and the ancient log store itself.  
I fell into a routine pretty quickly as we got into late June – up at seven in the morning to shower and eat a small breakfast, usually with Ronnie and Katie even when one of them was off for the day, then to either prep the kitchen with Phyllis who remained a constant presence in the kitchen, or I’d be prepping the gift shop cash register and restocking the stuff on the shelves.  Larry’s truck had been gone a while and Larry told me when I asked about it that it was in the shop; and when the truck was returned it had a new coat of paint.  
After breakfast and restocking each morning, we’d open the main front door and side doors, propping them open with wooden wedges, letting the sunlight and breeze flow in through screens, then ringing up the buys on the registers, or in the back grilling burgers and making shakes in the kitchen.  Ronnie still kept me entertained when we’d be paired up, telling me stories about his feats of debauchery with women in Detroit and in college, and his exploits when it came to consuming spectacular amounts of booze and drugs – of all kinds and varieties, at this party or that festival.      
He had recently ended things with Bridget (although she still came to the store or to the bonfires to hang out with us at times as if nothing had changed) and he had taken up with a new girl, Jamie, a very tiny, black-haired girl who was actually high up in the park administration, I came to find out – a full-timer for the park year round.  She was also very pretty, with green eyes, but she was very serious and had a dead-pan nature that was hard to get around. 
As usual, I don’t know where Ronnie could have met her, or any of his hook ups, but he started bringing Jamie around pretty often, and introduced her to me one night as me and Katie where experimenting, out of sheer curiosity if not boredom, with a bunch of random fruit, cheese, candy, and dairy ingredients tossed into a blender to make a new milkshake we were going to call “The Alpine.”
“What’s up gang?” he called over to us as he came stomping down the stairs to the kitchen, Jamie following down the stairs behind him in more careful steps.   There was a feline quality to her movement – in looking around the room, in stepping down the stairs.  I guessed they had just screwed more likely than not, as Ronnie was not one to waste time in his room doing much else with any female guest.  I scanned Jamie for signs of having been tossed around the sack but I didn’t see anything that gave a clue.
“Jamie, meet the gang.”  He waved a hand in our direction as he opened the kitchen fridge and stuck his head in, and then came out with a Coke.  “By the way,” he said to Jamie, casually, “Will wants to work for the administration this fall.  He wants to stay here the year ‘round, so find him a job.”  He drank a long gulp from his Coke, his small mustache bristling over the edge of the can.
Jamie sat down at the bench by the big kitchen table.  “Is that right?” she asked, folding her legs and hunching over watching me.  
I shrugged.  “Well, I planned on when I first got here that I’d want to stay year round…”
“But then you actually got up here…” she finished my sentence with a knowing smile. 
“No, I still want to stay,” I said, “I’m just not sure what I want to do for a job here in the winter.”  
“What the hell else are you gonna do but work for the park, Chiefy, be a lumberjack like Larry?” Ronnie said.  
“You never know.” 
 “Well let me know if you want to talk to some people, later in the summer, Will,” Jamie said, as Ronnie began dragging to the back door.  
“Come on, sweet cheeks; let’s get some supplies in Browning,” he said as he kicked open the screen door and left.  Outside I heard Ronnie’s junker start up and spit gravel as he drove out of the parking lot.
I walked back over to Katie, as she dumped the icy gelatinous goop she had created into a large glass.  Neither of us was too interested in trying “The Alpine” anymore as we peered at it given its crude, mud-like appearance, so we stuck the whole thing in the freezer to “hopefully make some kind of sorbet,” Katie said optimistically.
As we were cleaning up, which we always did religiously after using the kitchen to avoid hearing Larry’s bitching, Katie looked at me and said out of nowhere, “Were you in love with her?”
I looked back at her.  “Who?” I asked, already knowing who she asked about of course.
She just shook her head ruefully and went back to washing dishes.
“Why do you ask?”  I said after a moment, resuming my drying.
“Because you always wear that necklace, and I saw her wearing it when she came in; and because you haven’t really been the same since she died,” she answered, dumping out the blender pitcher.  “You’re different.”
I had no idea that Katie would have noticed those things, but I should have because of anyone at the store she was the observing type – the type that listened more than spoke, and watched more than interacted.
“How am I different exactly?
“You’re sadder, quieter...” Katie said, turning to me and leading against the counter, scanning me as if looking anew at my symptoms.  She then wiped her hands on her apron, and said, “You seem to be… I don’t know… waiting for something – like you’re not all here in the moment anymore.”  
I thought about that for a moment, and figured she was probably right.  
“I asked Ronnie if he noticed anything different, but he said he didn’t think so,” she continued as I thought it over.
No, I said to myself, only a woman would notice the necklace and the slight change in tone.  
“It’s hard to talk about,” I said, as we finished the last of the dishes. 
“It’s the hard-to-talk-about things that need to be talked about most,” Katie said.  
I said nothing further about it.  I wanted to keep Alia pure, in a different place, not in the here and now where she was dead, cold, gone.  In the other place, she was alive, forever young, and waiting.  We cleaned up and left the kitchen for the morning. 

That night as I lay in bed, looking up at the ceiling, with its old nails sticking out here and there, and Siegfried and Roy now gone from their little sleeping nook, out eating moths and flies in the black sky, I thought about what Katie had said again.  Alia’s death had made me a different person, made me think different – about this place, Two Medicine, about Montana, about myself.  A person who fell in love within a couple days and then had his love ripped from his bed in a brutal death – that will change a man.   But her slaying had changed me another way too, it had crazily given me a new purpose in my home at Glacier Park – to find who killed Alia and have him arrested – that was my one thought.  
I wondered so often, minute to minute, about Alia’s murder – who did it, and why – that I began to ask why I actually cared so much?  I mean, I had found this wonderful, beautiful girl who I really could have fallen in love with – not just a two-day love but a lifetime love; but the entire relationship, the entire time we had known each other, could fit within one week; and we had had sex only once.  I lay in bed, staring out of my window into the night sky, and thought, “We all die eventually, and even though hers was brutal and horrible, and so far unsolved, death was still an experience that happened every day in the world.  So why couldn’t I let it go as a tragedy, like a friend being killed in a car crash by a drunk driver?  Why had it changed me?  
 But I knew the answer.  It was because even though it was true that Alia and I had barely scratched the surface of each other’s souls and sensibilities, in another sense, a truer sense, there was no “surface” at all with us and had never been – we had gone deep down to the bottom of our hearts almost instantly, unconsciously, and we hand branded each other on our skin, in our hearts.  There’s no other way to say it.  I felt it as strongly and painfully as I would an actual brand on the skin.  She had branded me, left something in me, and taken something out of me – all within a week, within a few kisses, and within a few words – with just a few looks from those eyes of hers.  I did love her, I repeated to myself as my eyes closed that evening, and I was going to find out who the hell did that crime to her, and I would die trying if need be.

The first thing I did the next day, which was fortunately my day off, and which was a Friday, was to call up Greg again.
“Hello?” he answered after a few rings.
“Greg?  It’s Will,” I said, as I sat on the edge of my bed.  “Just hear me out for a second.  I want to explain something.  Everyone’s attitudes so far about the murder – Alia’s murder – is that it’s just another reservation incident, another part of living in the slums, and not really worth anybody’s time to really trouble with.  I know that’s how it’s going to be written off – another “Red Alert.”  The BIA cops haven’t lifted a finger after I was down there, the locals in Browning don’t care from what I can tell, and the tribe council isn’t interested either – just another black eye for them and the Blackfoot name.  And, of course, no family or friends have surfaced to even mourn her since she died.”
“Ok…” Greg said, hesitantly, after a moment’s pause.
“Well, you seem to be the only one besides myself showing any kind of feeling about her murder, and it did happen on your turf, as you yourself said...  So what I propose is that we do a little investigating ourselves: ask around, talk to people, get the police reports, and just find out what happened – ourselves...”  There was no response on the other line.  I cleared my throat and plowed onward, “And we start with a visit the reservation to find out more about her last days – visit with her foster parents, her roommates, co-workers… nothing major... you know.”  
I tried to keep my voice level as I spoke with him, fighting back the rushing anxiety I felt as I could almost feel him slipping away from me as I spoke.  “Then we talk to this Clayton guy, see what his deal is…”
Greg butted in, “Browning’s outside my ‘turf,’ Will, so I wouldn’t have any authority there, as you well know.  And you, some amateur, going around stirring things up about a murder case isn’t going to help either.”
“You don’t need authority to ask questions, Greg.  We’re just interested in finding out about her life, as friends of hers that are grieving over what happened – that’s all it has to be to anyone who asks – just a couple friends trying to just get some answers...  And anyway, anything we find we report to Olsterman in Browning; and if he doesn’t’ do anything about it then we go to the cops in Kalispell –simple as that!” I ended with a hopeful lift to my voice, and then expectantly waited for his response.
There was a silence on the other end of the phone, again, and then a tired sigh.  “I understand where you’re coming from, Will.  But I honestly don’t have time to conduct some half-baked investigation that will lead nowhere, probably.  I’ve got real work to do in the park, other matters to deal with, you know.”
“Real work?” I asked, with a regrettable harshness.  “More lectures about bear bells and pepper spray, Greg?  Is checking fishing licenses and ripping parking tickets more important than looking into a murder?” 
Silence on the other end again – this time an ominous silence.  I regretted instantly what I had said, remembering out talk on the porch, and how he had confided in me out of trust and friendship, and I felt embarrassed and sorry now as I threw it back into his face.  
“I’m sorry, man, I just…”
“Don’t be sorry,” he quickly interrupted.  “You’re out of line saying it, and you don’t know the first thing about being a ranger, but… but you’re more right than you’re wrong.”  He cleared his throat and spoke a little quieter.  “To be honest with you Will I haven’t been able to get this case out of my mind, and I’ve actually been asking around about it in the park.”
I heard him move the phone to a different ear, “That’s what I was doing a couple of days ago,” he almost whispered, “I went to Kalispell and the ranger HQ and ran the facts through Records – trying to find a similar past incident – any kind of similarity to other murders.  I also asked Kalispell PD for help in running Alia’s friends and connections through the system.”    
“And?” I asked.
“And zippo.”  He took a deep breath, then said quietly, “I keep thinking about next summer, and the next after that, and what I’ll feel like driving around Two Med as a ranger who let a murder go in his park.  When I see other girls walking down the road, that’s what I’ll think about.  When I look in the mirror, that’s what I think about.”
A pause, and then, “I’m willing to go along with this for a bit, Will, to push back a little,  even if that just means crossing a few people off a list I have in my head.  I’m in.”
I felt a shot of optimisms bolt through my mind at his words, a rush of energy.  Even just the possibility of trying to help Alia with a member of law enforcement (even if it was a ranger) gave me a new hope. 
“Excellent, I’ll be over in an hour.”  I said quickly, hanging up the phone before he could utter another word, before he could protest about needing a few days, about being busy, about taking our time.   I was too driven now, too excited by my new plan to actively do something that nothing was going to delay it – it had already been delayed too long and the trail of her murder was already too cold.  

I borrowed Ronnie’s junker car again, which by now had sort of become everybody’s car, and got to Greg’s ranger station well before an hour.  I rapped on the door and Greg let me in with an incredulous look.  I again explained my plans to him and it took some cajoling.  In the time it had taken to drive over to his station, Greg had already cooled a bit from his decision, and had about a million objections to starting that morning, but I was able to finally convince him to go with me to Browning that day.  But, he said, it would have to be at lunch time, at noon, and only for a short time during his break, and that he had to be back promptly at 1 pm.
“Perfect,” I said cheerily, smiling at him as he shook his head. 
I spent the rest of the morning on his computer, tracking down the names of the men on the Blackfoot council, where and when the council met, and anything regarding contact info for Alia’s foster parents – anything, in fact, that helped tell me what her life was like in Browning up until the day she died.  My plan was to find out from the tribe if they had known of any trouble or danger she was facing from anyone, and what they knew about Alia’s life before her last few days.
I also wanted to talk to her last foster parents, and even with the bastard who had molested her, but I didn’t know if he would still be living in Browning after such a scandal – and he had probably gone to prison anyway.  I knew it was a stretch – looking up her old fosters – but I had so little to actually work with that any specific idea I had gave me encouragement.
As I punched a few letters on the keyboard I remembered Alia telling me that that foster couple had worked at the high school, and there was only one school in Browning, so I just had to find out who the married couple was at the school where one was a teacher and the other a cafeteria lady.  
Finally, at noon, Greg and I drove off in Ronnie’s car – and two more unlikely murder investigators there certainly never were.  Greg said that his ranger truck would attract too much attention and cause the locals to be wary, as they were with any law enforcement, so we drove in the jalopy.  I felt a giddy excitement as I drove into Browning, but Greg just stared sourly out the side window on the drive in.  Nonetheless, despite his moodiness I felt happy for the first time in a while – happy to have a purpose now, to be taking a step towards some kind of answer.  Any answer.  


Twenty-Two


	It was once “Indian country”… as Larry liked to say.  But now Browning was a wasteland of asphalt and grime, garbage, plastic bags, and empty liquor bottles.  An old town, a thin town – drab, empty, store fronts and muddy streets, trashy, weed-filled medians next to cracked, concrete curbs, junk and cars in peoples’ yards, completed the scene.  There was a flatness to the town that contrasted with the souring, snow-tipped peaks you could see off in the distance.  If anything, the distant mountains on the horizon in Glacier just made Browning all the more depressing.  Even the name “Browning” was gloomy.  
I could see why Alia would want to come to my quaint and homey store at Two Med, it was like being on a different planet than Browning – a planet just 15 miles away.  Bars and “cigarette outlets” were plentiful in Browning because the tribe had tax-free situations that brought a lot of profit through those avenues.  This was before casinos became legal, however.  
Greg and I parked in front of the address I had found online where the council met once a week, but as we got out of the car I thought we had gotten the wrong address because the building’s sign read “VFW – Veterans of Foreign Wars – Post 364” and there was nothing about the Blackfoot tribe listed anywhere on the front of the building. 
	I looked at the hand-scrawled address on my notepad that also had the address for where the last two sets of foster parents may be living now, and this was it for the council.  I looked at Greg and he just shrugged.  The building looked more like an old bar than anything else, with tinted windows and, strangely, a couple of neon signs with beer company logos.  Greg looked like he was regretting his choice to come along as he surveyed the bar.  
	As we walked up to the front of the building, I noticed a guy sitting in the doorway, and he somehow looked familiar.  Upon getting closer, I realized with a shock that it was Jake, the brother of Clayton, who I had met briefly at the lodge bonfire.  He still had on the same mirror finish aviators and was sitting motionless, leaning with his back against the door.  His long hair was brushed straight back, and was moving a little in the breeze.  He had on an old sleeveless t-shirt, and faded jeans.  It was actually an iconic image – this Native American against a dilapidated backdrop, in mirror finish glasses, proudly and sternly staring out into the distance, obstinate, an exile, with nothing to do but stare and wait – but for what?  I figured it was just as possible that he was drunk, sitting in front of bar at noon because he had nowhere else to go.  
He didn’t turn his head or even move a muscle as we walked past him and into the door of the meeting place/bar.  Maybe he was passed out cold.
	Greg and I went in and our eyes had to adjust for a second to the dim light inside.  The VFW, at least this part, was just a bar, and there were a few old guys, a younger guy, and a fat older woman sitting at the bar – even at this hour.  I thought of Scotty then, and his theories of day drinking.  He’d be right at home here.  A skinny, older lady with huge, saggy boobs, and with bright yellow dyed hair with dark roots showing was bartending.  There were two old TVs mounted above the bar, the screens facing down towards the bar at an angle, and some video poker machines were set along a far wall.  
One old man was sitting in a slouch in front of one of them, playing each of the machines in turn from his one chair, leaning back lazily to reach across to all three panels, just punching button after button, watching the screens.  Mounted and framed pictures of old veterans in their uniforms – the black-and-white photos faded in the light, ringed the room from wall to wall, as did flags and medals of past military valor hung here and there. 
	Greg had worn his ranger uniform, since he was just on a break, and we had everyone staring at us as we walked up to the bar.  I nodded at the bartender. 
	“Hi, we’re here to find out about talking to the council…” I was trying to sound casual as if it was a totally normal for a stranger and a park ranger to walk into a bar at noon on a weekday and ask to speak to the chief of the Blackfoot tribe.  “I found an address for them – here,” I said, trying to show her the notebook page, “but I have no phone number or anything.” 
	“The council meets here, right?”  Greg butted in.
	The bartender just stared at Greg and me for second, and then jerked her head over to a door that was on the other side of the bar, which led to the rest of the building. 
“They have their meetins’ in there every week,” she said.  “Next one’s next Wednesday night I believe, but they don’t let strangers attend...”  She looked over at one of the older guys at the bar.  “Bill?  You know how these guys can get a holda’ Norm and the rest of them?”
The guy named Bill was eating peanuts out of a bowl, and looked up at us and just shook his head.
The bartender turned back to us and shrugged.  “Bill’s Blackfoot Nation,” was all she said, as if to explain his behavior.  I looked over at “Bill” and he didn’t look Native American at all – more like an out of work truck driver and white as me.
I looked back to the bartender.  “Is Thunderbird here?” I asked doubtfully.
She snorted, and looked over at the others in the bar.  “Thunderbird?  Har har har…” She laughed harshly and then wiped her nose with her wrist.  “No he hasn’t been around here for a while.”
“But he’s on the council?” I asked, but then Greg stepped in.  
“Do you know how we can contact Norm?” he said.  “It’s on Park business and he can probably help us.”
The bartender regarded Greg dubiously, and then said, “He’s in the white pages.”   She walked over to one of the customers at the far end of the bar, and pulled out a beer for him from the freezer below the bar, prying off the top with a bottle opener what was attached to the counter.    
I looked to Greg and he just motioned for me to follow him out.  “Look Will,” he said as we walked towards the car, “tribe business is private here.” 
“I think I got that impression,” I said.  I looked over and saw that Jake was gone from his doorstep perch.
“In fact,” Greg continued, “everything to do with the tribe is private here.  They hate outsiders mixing in their business.”
“So how do we talk to them?” I asked.
“Through your buddy, I think,” he smiled at me, and I guessed his meaning.  
“Thunderbird, right?”  
“Think of him as the ambassador of the council, a kind of Henry Kissinger or Hillary Clinton,” Greg said teasingly. 
“Fine, I’ll talk to him – whatever…”   
“We gotta find him first,” Greg said, surveying the town around us as if he’d spot Thunderbird meandering down the street.
“Well it’s a weekday… Does he have a job somewhere?”
“I think he’s on social security disability,” Greg said. “Or it could be veteran’s benefits, I suppose.”
“Super...” I groaned.  “He could be anywhere.”
“No,” Greg said, with a crafty smile, as a new thought dawned on him.  “I think I know where we can find him.”

We drove over a few miles to the other side of town.  On the way, Greg tried to explain more about the makeup of the Blackfoot Nation.
“You go to a tribe gathering, one of their celebrations – a ‘powwow,’” Greg explained, “and you see all kinds of people: those that “look” Native American in a stereotypical sense – the skin tone, the Asian features, the hair, the stature, the Browning accents…  but others that don’t have any of those traits will always be hanging around too – white guys that dress “Indian” and try to believe they are, try to mix into the tribe.  
“Even though the Blackfoot roll their eyes and resent them trying to latch onto their history and culture, they are always around.  But also, you’ll get true, provable members of the Nation whose lines are so mixed with whites that nobody could ever find out what percentage native they actually are.  
“Mix in with that all the rest: the New Agers, hippies, psychics, holistic healers, artists, junkies, musicians, political groups, radicals, and every kind of fringe scene that attend those gatherings, and you have quite a crowd.  We’ve had trouble with the powwows in the past – when they’ve been in park territory – they can get pretty wild.  These days Native American powwows look more like Woodstock than anything it used to.
“But there’s two sorts of powwows, really,” he said.  “There’s the ones that are held for just the tribe and members of the Blackfoot nation, and then those that are open for tourists – or “Woodstock,” more a theme park than anything else.”
“Which one is coming up?”  I asked.
“The private one.”
Greg shook his head and stared out the side passenger window at the passing buildings and vacant lots.  “Back in the old days at the private tribe powwows – the real ones – the tribes would have traditional, ancient games, planned dances and sweat lodges, religious teachings, historical teachings, crafts for the kids, language workshops, all great stuff – true heritage stuff.  Now it’s so different.”
Alia tried to tell me about it once,” I said.  “It sounds like a crazy scene.” 
Greg nodded  “Another reason why they don’t like outsiders.”  
Almost out of town but still on the main road, but quite a distance from anything else, we drove up to a large parking lot.  Greg directed me to a building in the distance that was next to a large billboard.  The billboard read: “The Candi Store” and below it: “Gentlemen’s Club.”  
I looked at Greg in the passenger seat of the junker when I read that, “You can’t be serious.”
Greg smiled and nodded, “Thunder hangs out here all the time, so I’ve heard.  Anyway that looks like his bike, so we’re good.”
Greg pointed out one of the only vehicles at the place – it was Thunderbird’s beat-up Harley, for sure.
My spirits feel at the depressing sight.  “What a dump.  First a run-down bar, then a strip club… this investigation is off to an encouraging start.”  
“That reminds me,” Greg said, looking at his watch.  “I got to go back to work.  I’ll drive Ronnie’s car back and you can call me when you need a ride, later.”
“You’re leaving now?”  I asked, looking over at the blacked-out windows of the club.  “Will it even do any good talking to him in there?”
Greg undid his seatbelt, and looked at me.  “Will, you wanted to investigate.  Well, here you are…” He gestured over at the strip club.  “Investigations often lead you to places you normally wouldn’t go –that’s how it was for my father.  And things get messy.  Think of it as a cop would – just a place to get some info… and a lap dance.”  
He chuckled as he opened the car door and got out.  He seemed not only a little amused as my predicament, but also a little relieved to be getting out of there.  How would it look for a Glacier Park Ranger to be hanging out at a gentleman’s club on duty?
I stepped out.  A black “POW” flag hung lazily on a pole next to the club; it swayed to and fro in the breeze, the summits of mountains stood behind it far in the distance, catching the last orange-and-red rays of a setting sun.  Somewhere in those mountains was Two Medicine store and my home.  
 “Just a place to get some info...” I muttered as I reluctantly got out.

I wasn’t against going to strip clubs from time to time in the past to be honest, in fact I had been to some in Atlanta that were pretty damn wild, and had had a quite a few rousing times with Scott or some old friends out on a bender – but that was my old life.  Not here, not in Montana, not at the “Candi Store”… not during the day.  And being in Browning I couldn’t imagine what kind of strippers I’d see inside this place...  
As I meandered across the hot gravel parking lot towards the door, I pictured Sky Lake, the flowing meadows baking in the sun, waves of movement as wind brushed over them.  And here I was, walking across a dirty parking lot towards a titty bar in the middle of the day.  My spirit reached the bottom and I felt my investigatory enthusiasm leaking away as I made my way towards my destination.
As I approached the mournful building, I saw that the door was actually two, large, leather-covered doors painted a bright red, under a little awning.  There were only a few cars around the place besides Thunderbird’s bike, and were probably just the employees’ I presumed.   I swung open the door and walked inside.

Inside the doorway to the Candi Store there was a hallway that turned to the right and opened up to a bar area.  It was very dark inside – darker than the VFW bar even.  I walked into the bar room, which was one square room with a bar on my left side against the wall, and a pool table and juke box on the other side.  The usual bar décor was there: neon signs, Budweiser mirror, and the lights were dimmed down low.  At the far end of the room, the wall opened up and a larger room lay beyond with a stage that ran out into the middle of the room, like a model’s runway, and some tables and chairs scattered around.  Music was blaring from the speakers in that dance area.  I saw another bar on the far wall in that room too, and since nobody was at the bar where I was at, I walked through to the back, looking out of the corner of my eyes for any strippers on the stage.  
The stage was empty but I could see some near-nude girls hanging at the bar, with a couple of patrons.  One guy had long hair and was pretty chunky and had to be Thunderbird – the very man himself.  
The two stripper girls noticed me first and looked me up and down as I walked over.  Some young guy was bartending, wearing a black “Candi Store” logo t-shirt with a big lollipop image above the name.  The girls both had on lingerie panties, and one had a lacy bra on, the other was topless and had medium sized boobs that sagged a little, but otherwise weren’t all that bad...  These were the “day shifters,” I reflected, so these schmucks at the bar should be happy with what they got.
I sat down next to the long haired guy and it was indeed Thunderbird; he was busy scratching off some silver ovals on a lottery ticket “scratcher” game with a quarter, and had a big pint of beer in front of him.  
“Hey Thunderbird,” I said, trying to sound causal – no big deal, just dropping in to the Candi Store for a little R&R… 
He looked up at me with a friendly smile, but seemed to not recognize me.  
“It’s Will?  From the Two Med store?”  I said.
His face lit up.  “Ooooo yeah!”  he said.  “Big Will!”  He shook my head heartily and beamed at me, slapping me on the back heavily.  “You come here too?”
	I glanced around the bar for a second.  “Uh, no… first time.  I actually came to talk to you.”
	“What about?” he asked.  
	“Well it’s kind of private, can we talk somewhere?”  I looked around the bar again.  The two strippers had gone back to talking to the bartender, but the topless one was eyeing me and was probably wondering if we wanted some company.
	“Sure!” Thunderbird said, and grabbed his beer and lottery scratcher and slid off the stool. 
	“Tammy!  We’ll be over there,” he said to one of the strippers, the one with the bra, sloshing his beer a bit as he indicated a table in the middle of the room.  Tammy just nodded and went back to her conversation with one of the other guys at the bar.  
	We sat down and he asked me if I wanted a beer.  
	“No, I’m good,” I said.  
	“Well what can I do for you Will?” he asked, setting his elbows down on the table.  
	“It’s about Alia, her murder,” I said.
	His eyebrows rose. “Really!” he said in a whisper, “what about it?”
	He acted almost childlike, with his strange enthusiasm with seeing me, with his dramatic whispering, but I wondered if he was playing some kind of game with me, if he was actually sharper than this and just faking this innocent act for some purpose I couldn’t see.
	I didn’t recall a whole lot about our first meeting at the Two Med store, only that he left me with the impression that he was a little crazy, but not any crazier than a half-dozen other eccentric visitors to the campground I’d already met that summer.  
	“Well,” I started in reluctantly, “I don’t think much is happening to investigate her murder.  I worried nobody’s gonna find out who killed her, But Thunder.  She was found horribly beaten and battered to death, alone, and nothing seems to have come of the BIA’s supposed investigation or the tribe’s – if there was any investigation.”  
	He just looked at me blankly, so I continued.  “That means nobody’s gonna pay for what they did to her.  And, Thunderbird, it means there’s still a murderer out there, and this could happen again to some other poor girl.” I paused for a moment, not sure what to say next.  
“And… she deserves more, you know?  I mean you knew her – don’t you agree?  She was a great person who was savagely murdered, and…”  I faltered.
Thunderbird nodded with a concerned look on his face, but didn’t say anything in return.  His eyes looked like they were tearing up, but it was hard to tell in the dim light.  As the music continued to blare from the speakers, I continued.  “Everyone around here seems to either not give a shit or not want to ignore it – shove it under a rug – which makes me wonder even more who did it.  I couldn’t even find out where her funeral was, or who even found her body.”  
“Sky found her,” Thunderbird said.
I was lost for a second, not sure if “Sky” was a person or what it meant…
“What?” 
“Sky came across her early in the morning.  Sky told the rangers first thing.”  
“Who’s Sky?” I asked.  
“A local girl – a friend of mine,” he answered.  “She lives in Browning; she’s Blackfoot.” 
“She found Alia in the woods?” I asked, wanting him to be perfectly clear.
He nodded, “Uh huh.”  I waited for him to say more, but he didn’t, just kept nodding. 
“What was she doing out there in the middle of the night?” I asked.
“Sky?” he shrugged, “I don’t know.”  He looked as if the question had never occurred to him.  “You should ask her,” he said.
  “Where does she live?”
“She lives with a boy named Clayton,” he said.
My face fell, and I felt a shock at the same time.  “Clayton Red Claw?” I asked, frowning back at him.
Thunderbird’s face grew concerned, mirroring mine almost.  “That’s her necklace, isn’t it?  Alia’s?” he asked.  He was staring at my neck and it made me uncomfortable.
I had never taken the necklace off since I had first put it on the morning after my night with Alia, so I rarely noticed it anymore.  His question surprised me and I reached up and felt the metal arrowhead.  
“Yea, it is.  She gave it to me before… before she left.”
His face became more serious.  “It doesn’t have any power, you know, that necklace.”  
I looked back at him, confused and worried at the same time; his tone concerned me. “I didn’t think it did.”  But then I added, “Except as a reminder of her.” 
He shook his head, “Her spirit is with you; I can tell… it’s troubling you, her spirit is.  She won’t let you rest, will she?”  He voice became lower, more secretive, and he looked honestly concerned as he said this, his eyes staring into mine.  The music of the bar was fading away as I listened to his words.
“She has a strong spirit, that one,” he continued.  “And now it’s with you, and it’s making your spirit upset.”  He nodded and then reached down to this side where he had a fanny pack attached, almost hidden by his big belly and stretched, black t-shirt.  “I’m going to give you something that does have power, Will.  Your spirit needs it – to fix what’s wrong.  Your spirit must put her spirit out – you can’t carry two spirits, Will.”  
He handed me a little ball of black leather string, and tied to it were some beads.  
“Beads are very powerful to native peoples,” Thunderbird said.  “You wear it, and you’ll be at peace.”  He nodded at me with assuredness as he handed me the item.
I stared down at the little beaded leather string he had given me.  “I don’t want to be at peace,” I answered quietly, not even realizing that I was speaking out loud.   “I want her spirit with me.”
Thunderbird shook his head slowly.  “No you don’t.”  
I stared back at him, unable to take eyes off him.  The noise of the bar had faded to nothing.
“You can’t have two,” he said quietly.  “People that have two spirits go crazy.”  
I found myself outside the strip club afterwards, standing outside the leather door and facing the sunset, not sure what had transpired – or even what I had accomplished.   Despite the bizarreness of the interview, however, I felt encouraged by the fact that I had found out who had actually discovered Alia’s body.  
But the conversation with Thunderbird overall left me unsettled, like I had a new problem to content with – some ungraspable problem.  I shook my head and wondered what I had, in fact, really accomplished today.  But I kept the necklace, and wrapped it around my wrist, tying it off tightly.  Just in case.  

Before I left the club Thunderbird had told me that he would drop by the store in the next couple days, to talk more.  I didn’t know if that would achieve anything further, but I didn’t object.  
I called Greg’s office number at his house to see about a ride, but nobody picked up the phone.  I looked back at the club and at the old Harley, but didn’t want to ride with Thunderbird all the way back.  I thought about calling Ronnie at the store where Greg had dropped the car off, but I figured Ronnie would for sure want to go back into the strip club if he came all the way here; and I wasn’t willing to hang out in there with Ronnie and Thunderbird together by any means – that was scene I just couldn’t take at the moment.
So I started walking.  It was walkable, technically, from this side of Browning to Two Med; and as I walked I thought more about what Thunderbird had said.  I looked at the leather on my wrist and felt the beads rolling over my skin.  They had a smooth, cold feel; and it brought me a calm feeling as I felt them rolling over my wrist.  But that could have just been power of suggestion, I told myself.
I had grown up a casual Christian in a Christian household, as I mentioned, and I believed what the Christian faith teaches, at least I tried to hold on to a childhood belief, but religious teachings always came hand-in-hand with doubts for me; constant skepticism and nagging doubts as to whether it all was just fairy tales made up by men over history for various man-made schemes and purposes.   
Nevertheless, I had always been sensitive to and greatly affected by spiritualism of any stripe – as a kid and as an adult.  And this necklace “with power” that Thunderbird had given me was no different and his words to me about “two spirits” at odds with each other had affected me indeed.  But this time it was different; this beaded leather rope was a totem of a spiritual belief that came with a uniquely personal touch – it was specifically and only meant to deal with Alia’s spirit and mine – no soul saving or all-inclusive message for the world’s salvation here.  And that was different – religion to me had never been so personal and so specific as this little band of leather on my wrist.   But I still wasn’t sure of what to make of the whole experience.  
And I for sure didn’t know anything about Alia’s spirit or soul, I wasn’t even sure that kind of thing existed; but I had felt different since she died, hadn’t I?  Not just mourning and loss, I felt… altered.  Katie had sensed it.  Maybe she wouldn’t sense it now that I had my beads on... that would be an interesting test, I mused as I walked down the road. 
I shook my head and told myself I was going crazy.  But as I walked, I pictured Alia’s little spirit walking besides me on the road – a see-through version of the little beautiful girl I had fallen in love with, walking silently next to me.  The image made me feel at peace, to picture us holding hands as we strolled down the desolate highway together.  I imagined what she would have said about the Candi Store, and I smiled at the thought.  
I felt her companionship for a while on that road; and even if it was a fantasy it warmed my heart – just the thought of her presence at my side.

I eventually got a hold of Greg on the phone halfway to Two Med, and he picked me up on the ranger truck.  When I told him about what Thunderbird had said at the strip club, and showed him the necklace, he didn’t just laugh it away like it was ridiculous, as I kind of expected him to; rather, he said, “I told you there’s more to that guy than meets the eye.”  
“He knows more about Alia than he’s telling me, though,” I said, “at least it feels that way.”  I was thinking of that person “Sky,” and what she may have been doing out in the woods.  Thunderbird probably knew, I figured, and was protecting her.
Greg just nodded his head.  “We’ll keep looking, Will; we’ll keep talking, until we find something.”  

Twenty-Three


That evening, Ronnie, his new girl Jamie and I stayed up late watching Jaws (again) and then when that was done, Ronnie got up and popped Rambo right after that.  We were in Ronnie’s room, all of us lying on his bed.  Ronnie smoked weed, as usual, but this time through a glass “one-hitter” pipe, puffing sporadically through both movies, and he and Jamie also sipped Maker’s Mark whiskey straight, throughout the double feature.  Jamie said it was her favorite drink, and Ronnie said he would drink anything, so they were set up fine for the night.  Ronnie perpetually drank and smoked, but this evening he seemed unusually desperate to drown himself in chemicals and liquids.  
For my part, I had about five beers by the time Rambo started, and was feeling pretty buzzy already, when Ronnie handed me his one-hitter.  I was a casual smoker at best, but I took a big drag, and held it in for as long as I could, with Ronnie and Jamie watching me expectantly (Ronnie must have told Jamie I was a lightweight with drugs).  I blew out a thick cloud of smoke like a dragon, sending the cloud up to the wooden-plank roof of Ronnie’s room. 
Jamie clapped and Ronnie chucked, grabbing the one-hitter back from me and called me a “degenerate drug addict,” and then refilled the pipe sloppily for himself from his now-smaller Ziploc bag of drugs.
Just then we heard a knock on the door, and Ronnie, thinking it was Larry or Phyllis, waved his hand around in front of him to try to diffuse the cloud of smoke, but I got up and asked who it was.
Katie, instead of answering, just opened the door and came in, closing the door quickly behind her.  “Hey guys,” she said, a little sheepishly.  “Just wondering what you hooligans are up to.”
“Just lonely, huh?” Ronnie slurred, looking at her with half-closed eyes, scratching his mustache.  “Welcome aboard, we just started Rambo.”  He hopped-up off the bed and grabbed the remote, swaying on his feet as he punched the buttons to rewind the movie to the beginning.
“You don’t have to restart it.” Katie said, walking over and sitting on the end of the bed.  
Ronnie’s room had come with a king size bed – Katie’s bed and mine having only a little twin.  It was fitting though, I thought, given his libido and prowess.  He had no other furniture, so we moved over and made room for Katie on the bed.  Ronnie ripped off his white Def Leppard t-shirt he had on, revealing his vivid, full-shoulder tattoo of a Japanese coy fish that looked so out of place on him, and then he hopped back into the bed, between Jamie and Katie, bouncing us all on the mattress.
“Whoa there, big boy,” Katie said, moving over a bit and lying next to me, almost touching my shoulder with hers.  “This isn’t your fantasy of a foursome finally coming true.”
“Who said anything about a foursome?” Ronnie said, winking at me, “Will, beat it why doncha?”  
I made like I was getting up, as a joke, and Katie grabbed my arm and dragged me back down again.   My head was no swimming in a marijuana dizziness and beer buzz.  
“Don’t even think about it,” she said, and then looked around the bed.  “Now what’s a girl gotta do to get some whiskey around here?”  She reached over and grabbed the bottle of Maker’s Mark as we applauded this new side of Katie.  Jamie reached for a glass but Katie just took a large swig from the bottle.  Even in my haze I realized that she was behaving strangely.  I looked around the room.  Why were we all getting so stoned?
By the time Rambo finished his bloody mayhem at the end of the movie, I was feeling very drunk.  Jamie and Ronnie had gotten under the covers during the movie somehow, and I knew it was time to go and leave them to it.  I also figured I had better rescue Katie from any danger of assault; although she seemed to be able to take care of herself.  She had drowned herself in whiskey and seemed a little crazy-eyed when I looked at her as I was leaving.  
I pulled her up by her arm off Ronnie’s bed, and dragged her towards the door.  As we walked down the hall towards her room, she suddenly looked at me intently and said, “Will, go to church with me Sunday.”  
She swayed a bit and grabbed my hands in hers, holding them both tightly.  Her hands were very warm.  
I felt a stirring and involuntarily thought of her and I together.  Immediately I pushed the thought away.  “Church?” I asked, trying to pick up the thread of the conversation.  
“It’s not really a church,” she said lazily, shaking her head slowly.  “It’s just a church service held in the camp sites here every Sunday.”
She leaned in and gave me a hug.  “Just come with me this Sunday,” she said, giving my hands a final squeeze and then left me out in the hall as she closed her door loudly. 
I stood there for a moment, listening to her opening and shutting some drawers and then landing onto her bed.  I could also hear Ronnie and Jamie moving under their covers.  I turned and walked to my room and shut the door behind me.  Siegfried and Roy were gone too. 

Twenty-Four


The next day I had a viscous hangover – my head hurt and I felt like I had gotten no sleep at all.   I was unfortunately on gift shop duty and I stationed myself at the register, readying my mind to deal with foul Larry.  I was leaning against the counter, trying to hold my body as still as possible, just watching an old couple mill around the coffee mug sections, when I noticed the side door open and a long-haired guy walk in by himself.  As he came further into the store, I saw that it was Clayton Red Claw.  My guard went up instantly and I felt a cold sensation of nervousness grow in my gut. 
He looked around the store for a second as he walked, then he saw me and walked straight towards where I was. 
“Here we go....” I said to myself, wondering what was next.  Clayton had on some kind of work uniform, and upon closer inspection I saw it was a FedEx uniform.  He was a driver? That didn’t fit the image I had of him as a wild, drug-dealing gangster.
“You’re Will, right?” he asked.  He looked only irritated, like he was being inconvenienced to be there, not deadly.
“Yea.”  I said, putting a little force into my voice.  “We met at the bonfire.”   He walked up to the counter, a little too close to me, and said, “I’m Clayton Red Claw.”  He had a mean look, a thin-lipped scowl and a furrowed brow with eyes that looked a little burnt out, with red circles around them.  He had a thin, wiry build, with a hungry look.  I noticed with a start that he was wearing an identical leather string as mine on his wrist. 
He looked around the store and then back at me.  “Have you been asking questions about me and Alia around town?”   
“No.”  Not yet, I thought to myself.
“I want to you to stop asking around about me,” he said, as if not hearing me.  
“Did Thunderbird talk to you?” I asked, my voice sounding a little weaker than I intended.  
“You got something to say about it, you want answers, you come to me – directly,” he said, not blinking once.  He had the right kind of voice, I figured, for this kind of thing – gritty and harsh.  He had a couple pens stuffed into the front shirt pocket of his uniform, which contrasted with his rough mannerism.  
“I just want to know what happened to Alia, Clayton, that’s all.” I said. “I couldn’t care less about what you or anyone else is doing.”  
“You come see me and we’ll talk about it – I’ll write down my address.”  He scribbled it onto a postcard – one of those that were for sale – and flicked it over to me when he was done.  It hit me in the chest and fell spiraling down to the floor.  
He turned to leave.  “And leave Sky out of it too,” he said over his shoulder as he walked out.
“I don’t even know her,” I called over to him as he walked.  But I’d like to…
I picked up the card and shoved it into my pocket, wondering about who had talked to him.  Come and see him?  To Hell with it, I decided that I would.  Whatever happened, it was a step in the right direction… more promising, if not more dangerous, than Indian bars and strip clubs at least.

Larry was gone from work a lot more during work hours these days, which was unusual, but he always had some excuse like picking up “supplies in town” or that he had park business “with the brass,” meaning the administration office down at the main lodge.  But I had asked Jamie before about all these recent supply runs of his, and she said the managers of the various locations like Two Med didn’t ever need to travel to the main office for anything – it’s all trucked in.
	“The park delivers supplies to the various locations like Two Med.”  She had said.
	So I didn’t know what he was up to, but his being gone was a relief.  Phyllis was filling in for him more often, and I enjoyed her soft-spoken and grandmotherly personality.  But the other reason was because lately, when Larry was at work, he had become even more insufferably domineering, tyrannical and unbearable.  He and I had developed a strong antagonism lately, ever since our standoff, and I wasn’t sure where it would end.  I thought about quitting a couple of times, but I wasn’t quite ready to be unemployed in Glacier Park – I needed a backup plan.  
Larry also yelled at Katie for various reasons in a harsh way now.  One thing I was sure about, though, was that Larry was a confirmed and fervent racist, and he was getting worse.  His distrust of any Native Americans that were unlucky enough to wander into our store when he was on duty had increased tenfold lately for some reason. 
The same day Clayton had paid me that little visit, while I was still working at the gift register, a young Blackfoot kid came in with a younger boy, clearly his younger brother as they looked almost identical.  The older boy wanted to buy a poster using his paycheck from the ranch.  This nearby ranch was well known, and a big employer in that part of the state.  Even I had heard of it, and certainly Larry knew about it, and had helped out ranch employees visiting the store before.  
But when the kid came to the counter, Larry happened to be standing by me and he looked at the boy with obvious distrust.  With hard eyes and a scowl he questioned the kid and his brother – unusually brusquely.  The boys looked scared and shy, and the older kid stiffly mumbled answers to Larry’s pushy questions about his job the paycheck the boy was trying to use to pay for his purchases.  It was embarrassing to watch, and I was disturbed at the scene and tried to intervene to help, but Larry ignored me and continued his interrogation.   In the end I just interrupted Larry and told the boys, in the kindest voice I could manage, that they should just go.    
Larry watched them shuffle off and then stormed away without looking at me, and I stood there alone after the scene was finally over.  I imagined the older boy talking happily with his little brother on the way to the store, excited to cash his small paycheck, and buying something for his brother in the store.  Just a stupid poster, nothing important, but Larry treated them like criminals and ruined that day for those kids.   I never saw them in the store again.

Twenty-Five


	Sunday morning came, and I heard a soft knock on my door, and I knew by that fact alone that it wasn’t Larry.  I was half asleep when Katie stuck her face in the door and announced, “Get up sleepy head, it’s churchin’ time!”  She looked at me with an amused smirk.  I rolled over and pressed a pillow over my head, but she just walked up to the bed and jerked the blanket off, flinging it over to the wall.  
	“You promised!” she said, looking worried.  
	“I did no such thing,” I groaned, now lying bare before her in my underwear and socks, like a sick fish exposed on a rock.
	“When you were stoned the other night you said you’d go, so let’s go.”  She walked over to my drawer and pulled out some clothes, throwing them on top of me and then leaving the room.  “You have five minutes,” she ordered.
	I looked at the clock by my bed and it said 6:30 a.m.  What the hell? When did this weird church start exactly?  It was the earliest I had even been up since arriving there.  Larry was always criticizing me and Ronnie that we were missing incredible sunrises by sleeping in, but Ronnie always reminded him that he was missing the vast stretch of stars and the Milky Way panoramas by going to bed so early, and that he was going to miss the Perseid meteor shower to boot.
	I nevertheless dragged myself out of bed, remembering how intently Katie had asked me about going, in the hall, drunkenly.  I splashed some water over my face and got dressed.  
	Katie and I left together and strolled slowly down the gravel path that led from the store towards the campsites.  She was carrying her old, tattered Bible.  It was a brilliant day – white sunlight blanketed everything, and it wasn’t too hot.  It was the perfect kind of warmth from the sun that lights up everything in a clean, bright white, yet doesn’t bake everything to a crisp and ruin it all. 
	It was about 7:30 when we finally arrived at the campsite, which was actually more of a cleared-out meeting spot on the ground than a campsite, because there were wooden benches set up there.  It looked like a place a ranger would give a talk to some kids perhaps, or where there’d be a Boy Scout meeting. 
There was a small group present already, a few families with kids struggling out of their parents’ grasps to run around in the camp area, and parents trying to hold everything together for an awkward young preacher who was standing near the center, about to start.
Katie had told me that the young guy was just another staffer at the lodge, working for the park like us, but that the park looked for people every year from different faiths who would agree to give sermons on Sunday mornings.   This kid looked to be about nineteen years old, and he was dressed strangely – he wore the common tan cargo pants and hiking boots that people in that area often wore, but he had put on a button-down dress shirt and even stranger a blue suit jacket, to add a little decorum to the service apparently.  The jacket stuck out oddly amongst all of us dressed in t-shirts and shorts, but it added a sense of apartness to the young man which kind of fit – in the prophet-among-the-people sort of way.  He had a dark crop of hair, a dark beard kept short, and glasses; and he looked like a studious science student more than an outdoorsman or errant prophet.
He began with a prayer and he definitely sounded nervous.  I figured he was just some kid who’d grown up in the church and was very devout, and picked up the call to preach this summer as an extra job for the park; or maybe he was a seminary student and this was part of the deal for them to graduate – preaching somewhere for the summer.  He seemed to really be taking this service seriously, though, and I admired his trying to do his best – his earnestness was nice to see.  
After the opening prayer and a quick greeting to those of us in the congregation as his eyes flicked around at the group, he went into the sermon, reading a verse from the New Testament.  He then he gave about a 10-minute talk on it, telling us what he thought was important to take away from the words.
“Matthew 5, verses 3 through 11,” he said. “Blessed are the poor in spirit: for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.  Blessed are they that mourn: for they shall be comforted.  Blessed are the meek: for they shall inherit the earth.  Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness: for they shall be filled.  Blessed are the merciful: for they shall obtain mercy.  Blessed are the pure in heart: for they shall see God.  Blessed are the peacemakers: for they shall be called the children of God.  Blessed are they which are persecuted for righteousness’ sake: for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.  Blessed are ye, when men shall revile you, and persecute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely, for my sake.”
He closed the book, keeping a finger in the place where he had read, and looked up to us, his erstwhile congregation, sitting in the sun on the benches, listening respectfully to him.  Growing up going to church once in a while, it felt both strange and normal for me at the same time, sitting there in the middle of such natural splendor and listening to this young, earnest preacher, among strangers on their summer vacations.  Bible preaching always seemed to fit the outdoors, to me, though.  Probably because things mostly happened outdoors in the Bible, as far as I could remember, with Jesus’ traveling around like he did.  There was also John the Baptist, who came “out of the wilderness…” I remembered, as the preacher began his talk.  In the Bible everything happened out in the wilderness…
His voice brought me back into the moment.  “In our faith,” he began, his voice still peppered with a nervous shakiness, and his bespectacled glance flitting from one face to another, “These verses are called “the Beatitudes,” which means “joyful,” or, more accurately, “blissful” in Latin.”  
He paused a moment and then started to pace in front of us, looking down at his scripture and then up at the trees, alternating.  I had the feeling that the pacing was planned as a part of his presentation.  “They are the teachings by Jesus that describe 10 blessings, which are very short, and a little unusual to our modern ears,” he continued. “But they are so full of meaning.”
He stopped and faced us.  “Each Beatitude consists of two parts: the first is the condition and the second is the result.  Poor – rich; meek – dominant; in mourning – comforted; persecuted – honored.  Poor, mourning, persecuted, these conditions were well known to the Jews in Jesus’ time, and were a part of their regular lives and synagogue teachings.  But Jesus teaches here a new way to think about them lowly places.  Those conditions were of suffering and were well known to humble, displaced, and ruled-over people, as the Jews lived under the Roman rule.
“But,” he stabbed a finger at the pages in his hand, “Jesus was also talking about Christianity.  Each of these conditions, these unpleasant states of being, the early Christians were going to experience, soon – from the Jews and the Romans, and everybody else.   By promising that their lowly and painful way of life would soon turn into a victorious one, he gave his followers hope, as it should also give us hope.”
“So,” he resumed after a pause, “the Beatitudes give us a new set of models, Christian models, that focus on a spirit of love and humility – different than what they were used to hearing in Jesus’ time.  These verses show us the highest ideals to strive for, showing us how to live for mercy, humility, and compassion.  Even when we are persecuted.”
He looked at us for a moment, peering at us as debating in his head if he should say more, and then he said, “So let us pray.”
He began his closing prayer, asking God to help us live under those ideals that would lead us to victory.  I looked over at Katie who had her head bowed and eyes closed; she was mouthing some words that were different than the prayer the young preacher was giving.   Katie had sat like a stone the entire talk, as I had seen in a couple sideways glances.
After it was over some of the campers came up and shook the preacher’s hand, and spoke for a few minutes.  I asked Katie if we were free to go, but she didn’t respond and just got up and went over to him to talk.  After she said something to him, he nodded his head vigorously and they talked for a good ten minutes more.  
I sat on the bench while they talked, still a little groggy from the early rising.  I idly kicked at the gravel and dirt with my boots a bit, and watched the campers in the various spots I could see through the trees along the footpath around us.  They milled around, some making breakfast, others packing up, some just arriving and unpacking, ready for a few days in paradise.  I would seem them in the store, soon, I reflected.  A few of them had small trailer campers pulled into the lots, but mostly there were just tents, large and small, colorful domes that peeked through the pine boughs as the wind blew through the trees.

I thought about what the preacher had said – about how the meek shall inherit the earth.  Was did it mean to be meek, really?  And what did it mean to inherit the earth – in this life, or the next?   Phyllis was meek, it seemed; would she dominate over Larry someday?  Would she inherit anything?  Katie was meek, in her own tough and eccentric way… 
 I resolved, if was dragged back here by Katie again some early morning, to ask the preacher what the meek will inherit.   But Katie suddenly kicked my boots as I looked through the trees.  “Let’s go.”  She grabbed my hand and pulled me forward.  
I looked at her out of the corner of my eye as we walked, trying to gauge her mood, which was never easy with her at the best of times, and certainly not at that moment.  She seemed more moodier than when we had set out that morning, despite what I thought was a actually a pleasant little sermon – nothing to get upset about…
“I liked his message,” I said to her, politely testing the waters.  “Short and sweet!”
She didn’t acknowledge that I had spoken, and didn’t say a word at first, and we walked on. But suddenly she said in a sad voice, “I was supposed to be the pastor here this summer, not that guy.  But I canceled after I got here; told the park I wasn’t going to do it.  They just found that guy at the last minute, I think.”
“Oh?” I asked. “I don’t think I could see you preaching the Beatitudes up there, for some reason.”  I smiled at her, but she didn’t smile back, but just stared straight ahead.
As we walked on our boots crunching the gravel; our shadows stood out sharp and black under the white sun that fell in force around us. 
“I just couldn’t act like I was some big Christian, and stand there and preach to people like I was some holy roller or something – like I’m a part of the church,” she said bitterly.
“Are you not a part of it?” 
She snorted. “Well my parents are both pastors, and I grew up in a pretty strict Christian home – a preacher’s kid times two.  I was actually in seminary studying to be a pastor, to go on missions overseas, until last year.”
She paused.  “What happened last year?” I asked. 
“Last summer I did serve the preacher out here, in Two Med.”  She pushed a blonde strand that had come loose from her ponytail back behind her ear.  “I just couldn’t do this anymore – I felt like such a hypocrite.”
I could feel something dark flowing around like lava inside her – just by the way she walked I could see something was affecting her.  We crunched on; there is nothing like just walking to bring out even the most difficult of conversation.  
“My father is this big deal back home,” she said after a few moments of walking.  “But I just got a note from my mom that the family is moving, again.”  Her voice sounded strange, and I looked over at her and saw tears in her eyes.  She wiped them away with her palms.  “My father moved us seventeen times when I was growing up,” she said.
“My father has cheated on my mother seventeen times; and each time he did we have to move because of it – and they are these big shots in the Church community wherever they go.  Nobody knows about it.”  She sniffed back tears and looked at the ground as we walked.
I stepped a little closer and reached for her hand, she glanced over at me and then took my hand.  It was shaking a little and after a moment she started to cry, wiping her tears away again with her other hand as we walked.  She tried to speak again but just made a muffled, gurgle.
“Katie, it’s ok,” I said.  “You’re here now, with us, in this weird place.  It’s a different life.”  
She shook her head and said, “But I’ll eventually go back.  I know I will.  Like last time he did it he said he had finished forever – he swore on the Bible – his hand on the actual Bible.  And now I get a letter from my mom that they are moving – that’s all it said.  I know what it means.  I feel horrible for my little brother, still with them.” 
She sobbed for a moment.  “My father… that fucking pig!  Swore on the Bible, and what good did it do?” She pushed me away suddenly, and bracing the Bible under her arm, wiped the tears from her red eyes with her forearm, like a child does.  “My mom is such a sucker,” she said viciously.
She sniffed, “If that’s what it’s like to be a Christian, then, I don’t want any part of it.”  She held up the tattered book in her hand, stared at it a moment, and then reared back and threw it as far as she could into the woods off to our left.  I heard it crash though some brush and land with a thud in the leaves on the ground.
I looked over to where it had landed, off somewhere in the trees.  I imagined some person finding it out there and seeing it as some sign from above… a direct intervention from God himself!
Katie kept walking and didn’t look back.  “And he’s a fucking drunk,” she said, tears replaced with an angry glare focused straight ahead of us down the trail. “He drinks all the time, but when he drinks heavy he goes bat-shit crazy.  Last time, before I left for Two Med the first time, I was at home one night, like a Friday night, and he comes into the basement where us kids used to hang out and watch TV.    
“He just walks down the stairs and says to me, ‘Are you ready? It’s time to go.’  I could tell he was drunk because his face was red and blotchy, and he was swaying as he stood there. ‘Go where?’ I asked him.   ‘To heaven….’ Is all he said, and then just stared at us kids.  
Katie shook her head at the memory.  “My heart started beating hard like a hammer in my chest – I can still remember the feeling.  I didn’t know what to do; I just sat there frozen.  So scared.  I hate him for making me feel like that.  Then he turns and just walks up the stairs.  He left for like two days after that, and soon after we moved.”
She kicked some gravel as she walked.  “Number seventeen.”
I thought about what that must have been like to see your father, who led your family, who everyone looked up to, betray your mother and yourself and your siblings, and then to spiral into drunken craziness on top of everything else – making them pick up and move all the time as a result.
“Now number eighteen,” I said, sympathetically.  
She looked over at me.  “What’s that you got on your wrist?”  She reached over and held my arm, raising my wrist a bit to inspect the leather and beads.
“Oh, somebody gave me that, some guy who’s into Indian stuff,” I said as vaguely as possible.
“First that thing around your neck, and now this thing on your wrist?” Katie asked.  “You’re hanging out with the Blackfoot, hooking up with a local girl off the reservation, and doing who knows what else.”  She looked at me through scorched eyes with some amusement.  “You’re not the same guy who showed up here straight off the jammer bus with a big suitcase in his hand.”
“No I’m not,” I agreed.   
“Will,” she said.  “I’ve seen some Blackfoot wearing that same string-thing with the beads.  That’s not just some souvenir – not wearing it that way.  Even I know that. They mean something.”  
“I know it’s not just a souvenir,” I said.  “And it does mean something – to me.”  Although what it meant, exactly, I couldn’t have told her.  I just knew that it had a tenuous, but specific, connection to Alia, albeit through Thunderbird, so it was diminished slightly.   Hell, it just felt good to where it, was all I was sure of.    
Katie didn’t ask what it meant to me, thankfully, so I didn’t say any more about it.  When we finally got back to the store, I saw a Bureau of Indian Affairs cop car in the driveway.  I felt a jolt of fear pass through me as I started at it.
 “What’s a cop doing here?” Katie asked me.
I stared at the cop car for a moment.  “Let’s find out.” 

Twenty-Six


	We came in the back door to the kitchen and I saw Officer Olsterman sitting at the big table.  Across the table from him were Larry and Phyllis.  Larry looked angry and flustered, and Phyllis looked scared.
	“What’s going on?” I asked.  Olsterman turned his heavy bulk slowly around on the kitchen bench and regarded Katie and I.  
	“Oh, Mr. Benton,” he said in his thick drawl.  “Glad ya turned up.  Was just chatting you’re your boss, here.”  He nodded his big, balding head towards Larry and Phyllis.  He turned to Larry and said, “You folks can go; and thanks for your time.  Anything turns up, call me.”
	“Thank you, officer,” Larry said, and as he got up from the table he looked at me with a furious expression that could have burned holes into wood.
	I waited for Larry and Phyllis to go and then I sat down where they had been.  Katie asked Olsterman if he needed her and he said, “No,” so she left too.   Alone now, Olsterman turned back to me and his face grew stern, and he looked tired, too. 
	“I came out here all this way, son, for two reasons,” he said, pulling out a handkerchief and blowing his nose in it, and then replacing it back into his shirt pocket.  His radio on his belt squawked with static, and he reached down and turned the volume down.  
	“Even though I am sick.  One, is that I hear that you are running around Browning stirring up trouble about Ms. Reynolds’ murder.  Doing some kind of half-assed investigatin’.”  He looked at me and I just stared back.  After a moment, he continued.  “And two, I need to finish my own investigation, and that means I need to talk about you and Ms. Reynolds the night of her murder.
	“You see, what I still don’t believe is you not remembering when she left,” he said, cocking his head to the side as he regarded me.  “Was she out for hours after leaving you?  Did she get killed only a few minutes after?  How much time between you and her murder?  It doesn’t add up, does it?” he asked, making an attempt to sound reasonable, as if I should agree with him.  
“I see what you mean,” I said, also trying to sound reasonable, if not agreeable, “but I can’t tell you any more than that, sir, because there’s nothing more to tell.”
He ran a hand over his bald head.  “Do you understand that you are the only person we now have that was with her before she died – there’s no one else who has come to light.  You know what that means doncha?” he asked.
I nodded.  “I do.”
He cocked his head again, “You don’t seem too worried about it.”
Was I worried?  After the initial jolt of fear at seeing the cop sitting in the kitchen, natural for anyone like me who had never really run afoul of the law, I was growing more and more disinterested in this officer and his supposed investigation by the minute.  His whole demeanor now reeked of laziness and just “going through the motions.”   Olsterman didn’t want to be at Two Med, it was obvious, and he didn’t want to be talking to me, and he didn’t want to be talking to anyone else, probably, about Alia.  I could see it in his face and it disheartened me.  
“The person who killed her is probably not too worried either, at this point,” I said.
	Olsterman just stared at me for a few seconds, then he shook his head slowly.  “You don’t know the first thing about what’s going on, son.”
	“I’m sure I don’t,” I said, getting up.  “And I’m sure you’re not going to tell me.  So I’m going.  I got stuff to do.”
Olsterman’s mouth fell open slightly in a slacked gape.  “Where you going?” 
	I turned around and said, “Officer, you’re not gonna find anything here that will help you, I promise you that.  And I didn’t hear her leave; believe me or not as you like.  If you want to arrest me, go ahead.  But if you want to help, then look somewhere else.”    
I turned and started walking up the stairs, one creaky board at a time.
	Olsterman seemed stunned for a second, then he shook his head and stood up slowly.  
“You tell Greg that he’s pushing it – I talked to his chief,” he called to me as I walked up to the hall floor.  “You tell him next time he shows up in Browning in uniform acting like a cop like that will be his last day on the job.”
	“I’ll tell him,” I said over my shoulder as I went into my room and shut the door.
	
I couldn’t really define why I had just had enough at that moment; but I had reached my breaking point.  As I lay in the bed and pictured Olsterman’s slack jaw gaping at me as I left, I just felt depressed more than vindicated.  It was an insult, I realized, his slow, obligatory investigating the death of a girl I would never see on this earth again – the person I most wanted to see on this earth again.  This cop made me feel fear, at times, or despair and sadness, and nothing else – so he was a bad business all around.  It offended me and worried me and I couldn’t stand it anymore.  
I would not see him again, I resolved.  I was no lawyer, but I knew I didn’t have to talk to any cop unless I wanted to.  If he wanted to arrest me he would of by now, at least I hope so, I thought to myself.
	I rolled onto my back and looked over at the two little brown cotton balls that were sleeping, my pals on the ceiling, Siegfried and Roy.  What did they think I was, this big animal rolling around below them?  Were they frightened?  Fascinated?   More likely, amused.
Once again, the concept of a criminal court case for murder in this rugged, majestic, untouched wilderness that was “the best kept secret” of the West just seemed absolutely preposterous.  
I was so sick of it all that I hadn’t even asked him who told him I was even in Browning – someone at the VFW probably – someone causing more trouble than good with their phone call to the BIA, sending Olsterman off to Two Med for what was another complete waste of time.  Doesn’t anyone want someone brought to justice for a murder?   
	I had heard the back screen door shut and the officer’s car starting up and leaving, so I went downstairs and grabbed the phone, dialing Greg’s home number, figuring as it was Sunday that he’d be home.  Another frantic call to Greg regarding Alia’s investigation… I thought, as the phone rang.  Does Greg really care about any of this?  
	“Hello?” It was Dee.
	“Oh hey Dee, it’s Will at Two Med.”
	A second’s pause, then “Hi Will. What’s up?”  Her voice seemed slightly reserved – not a good sign.
	“Is Greg there?”  
	Another pause.  “Hold on.”
	After a few moments, he picked up.  “Hey buddy, what’s up?”
	“Greg, that BIA cop Olsterman just came by here, asking me again about Alia and I’s last night together.  He talked to Larry and Phyllis but I don’t know what about.  Larry didn’t look too happy.”
I paused but there was a silence on the other end. 
“Then he warns me about us “stirring things up,” if you can believe it.”  I said, and waited for a response.
“Oh, I can believe it,” Greg said.  “I got a call from my chief this morning Will, telling me the BIA has filed a complaint against me for exceeding my jurisdiction.”
I was speechless for a moment.  “A complaint?  Are you serious?”  
“Deadly.  There’s to be a hearing next week with my chief on it.”  His voice sounded strained.  I could image the conversation Dee must have had with him when she found out.  
“But listen,” he said, a little lower and quieter into the phone.  “I’ve got something to show you.”  I heard the phone muffled a bit like he was changing ears.  “I’ve got the official police report – the scene and her body, the whole thing.  I want you to see something.”

I wasn’t sure I wanted to see photos of the scene, or her body, and I told Greg so.  
“I risked a lot getting it, buddy, so it’s important.  You don’t have to go over every bit of it, but I want you to see something.”  
“How did you get it?” I asked, thinking of Olsterman’s warning.
“Never mind that; I’ll drop by and show you.”  He got off the phone quickly.  We planned on meeting in an hour, before he and Dee were packing up to go on a picnic later that day.  As I hung up the phone I realized there was an urgency to his voice that was ominous.  
When got to the store later and I went out sat in his truck.  He had a manila-colored folder on his lap, it was pretty thin.  
“So that’s it?” I asked.  
Greg nodded.  He looked out his side window as if casually taking in the view.  “Olsterman told my chief that I was going around Browning, taking “statements” of potential witnesses.”  He snorted, “As if there are any.”
“Is your job in jeopardy?” I asked. 
He shook his head and shrugged.  “I don’t know; I have no strikes on my record so this is the first mark against me.”  
He reached down and opened the small folder, putting aside a small stack of papers and pulling out several four-by-five-inch color pictures.  “But this, if they knew I had it, would put my job ‘in jeopardy’ as you say.  I’d be gone for sure.”
He regarded the folder in his hand a moment.  “The chief said I could be charged with obstructing an investigation, and that I’d better lay low.  But I had to see this report, Will, once I found out from a friend of mine with the BIA.  It was the one thing that could at least give us something to go by – there’s no other information to work with.”
I watched Greg’s face – he looked calm enough, but was he losing it?  Helping me track down people who knew Alia was one thing, but taking files?   “I read over this thing 50 times,” he said, holding up the pages of the report.  “Nothing helpful.  But this is what I wanted you to see.”  He held out a photo to me.
I hesitated to look at the picture, but then I let my eyes fall on it.  I expected to see some gory image of blood and skin, something terrible that would forever be burned in my brain, but what I saw was only a dark photo of the ground, a muddy, weedy patch of ground that was shot at night, lit up with a camera flash in stark and garish detail. 
I stared at the photo a moment.  “What am I looking at?” I asked Greg.
He pointed a finger into the center of the photo, over some dark patches.  “These,” he said, “are footprints.  Her footprints, to be exact.”  He indicated the patches again.  “They match the tread of the shoes she was wearing.”
“Where is this area?” I asked him, scanning the photo again and trying to make out her small footprints, which was difficult with the shadows that the weeds and sticks case on the muddy ground.
“It’s in the report – the actual location.  I know the coordinates.” he said.  “I’ll tell you where it is.”  He pulled out another photo and pointed at it.  “But this is another shot around the scene.”  The image was of more ground, shot from higher up, as if someone had stood up and back away and shot the ground again.  The difference was, however, that the ground ended beside a dark, asphalt surface in this picture. 
“It’s by a road?”  
“Yes,” Greg said.  “Her prints are by the road, just a few fees off in the mud.”
“You didn’t say before that she was found by a road.”  
“Because she wasn’t, Will.” he said.  “She was found more than a hundred feet from the road in the woods.  But the important thing to see is that there are no other footprints near where she was found.”  He flipped through both pictures again.  “There’s her prints by the road, then nothing for a hundred feet all the way to her body – as if she just floated out to that spot – nobody else was around.  Around the body, at the road, between her body and the road, nothing.”
“So what does that all mean?” I asked.
He set the folder in his lap and carefully placed the photos in the stack – careful, I noticed, to not let the other photos show.  “You need to find out,” he said.
“‘You,’” I said. “Not ‘we.’”
Greg set the folder in between us and reached out and laid a hand on the steering wheel, looking through the windshield to the forest beyond.  “I’m done, Will.  I got involved in this case and now that I've done this stuff it's really hard for me to go back to do in the Ranger work, I’ll be honest.  But I’ve got my family to think about – I have a living to make.  I have to give an evening program presentation to a bunch of kids tomorrow night; and then I’m leading a hike for them in the morning.”
I pictured him leading a troop of little kids – like some kind of scout leader.  It seemed a tragic waste. 
“But man, I want to know,” he said, looking over at me with intensity, shaking his head.  “Nobody has touched this file, my friend told me, not in a week.  Everyone’s acting like the case is closed at the BIA.  She doesn’t know if anyone is working on it anymore.”
“We got to go to that spot, Greg.  I want to see it.”  	
Greg just nodded, still staring out the windshield.  “I can’t lose my job.”
“We should at least go to that diner in Browning Alia used to work at – see if anyone there has heard anything or knows anything.  You can go to a restaurant in Browning, I assume.  Then, if you want, we could drop by this foster family she had – they’re bound to be home on a Sunday….” I tried to sound reasonable, and I watched him looking ahead of us into the forest through the windshield.  
	 “Will,” Greg said with a sigh, “I already called up there to those foster parents – her last ones – and they didn’t have a clue about her life after she left their place.”  
	“You did?” I asked in surprise.  “Why didn’t you tell me?”
	He paused while I just stared at him.  He looked down at the folder and smiled, “If my chief knew I had borrowed that from the BIA – I’d be fired.  I think I just went crazy for a moment and decided I needed to see it, and I knew Olsterman wouldn’t ever let me get a look at the report.  But I’m starting to think… I can’t jeopardize my job, my family, on this, Will.  I may have already done too much.”  He didn’t sound like himself anymore as he said this – he sounded beaten down, conflicted.  
	“They can’t stop you from doing what you want to do on your time off though,” I said.
	“Dee can,” he said, smiling sadly.  “You don’t know married life, Will; Dee is like a part of me, and for her not to be along with me on this hurts.  I don’t think I can keep it up.  I haven’t told her very much because I don’t want her to get into trouble with me.  But I wanted to show you this, because you gotta keep going.  Somebody put her in that spot, Will, and somehow covered their tracks I think.  We gotta know who.  Who would know how to do that?”
I took a deep breath and let it out slowly.  Thinking I was going to go it solo now, and how I had lost the one feature of this investigation that had any legitimacy – that a member of law enforcement riding along with me – made me feel a bit beaten down, too.  
	“I gotta go Will,” Greg said, starting up the truck.  “We’re taking Ophie to the lake.” 
I got out of the car and looked back at him through the side window.  “So that’s it?” I asked.  “You’re just done?”
	He nodded.  “For now,” he said as he put the car in gear.  “Never tell anyone I stole the report.” 
He started to pull away. “Greg, real quick,” I said hurriedly grasping the door frame before he got too far.  He put on the brakes.  “I’m going to go see Clayton Red Claw.”  
Greg rolled his eyes, looking exasperated.  I held up my hand to stop him.  “I know about his reputation and everything, but it’s where I need to go; he’s a part of this.  But look, if shit goes down I may need to call you – just let you know what’s up, that ok with you?”
“Of course, Will” he said.  “But I’m just a ranger, remember, and that’s in Browning – so you’d need to call the BIA cops too, if you’re in trouble.  Just don’t get yourself in a place you can’t get out, is the best plan for you.”
I thanked him.  “Something I meant to say to you before but didn’t get the chance, Greg.  I was lucky you came along like you did; and I’m thankful for your help.  You helped me get going on this; and now I believe I can find out who did it, because of your help.  If I eventually find out something important, I’ll let you know – if you want.” 
“You better,” he said, a sly smile stealing across his face at me.  Then he drove off and left me standing in the parking lot, feeling like the last man on earth.

Twenty-Seven


I needed a car to get to Browning, so I walked up to Ronnie’s door and knocked loudly as he had his stereo up loud blasting some Rolling Stones.  It was Sympathy for the Devil. 
	Ronnie came to the door shirtless with cigarette dangling from his mouth.  He looked like shit.  His short hair was sticking up all messy, and his room was trashed.  He didn’t look especially pleased to see me.  “Hey Chiefy,” he muttered.  “What can I do you for?” 
I could barely hear him over the Rolling Stones’ blaring “Won’t you guess my name!” A big box fan he recently had stuck in the window sill to keep smoke pouring out the window rumbled behind him.
“How about a late breakfast?” I asked. “I’m buying!”
He regarded me for a moment with dismay, then turned and walked back to his dresser.  I followed into his room, careful to walk around the clothes strewn about.  
“Love what you’ve done with the place,” I said. 
He bent over the dresser and made a loud snorting noise.  I saw a thin, white line of powder disappear up his big, hooked nose.  He then snorted a second line of cocaine and then reared up and brushed his moustache with his hand, snorting some more.  
“Jesus…” I muttered.  “You gotta get rid of this stuff, Ronnie.”
He pulled a t-shirt out of one of the dresser drawers and pulled it on.
“Thanks for the advice, doctor,” he said.  “But you should worry about your own hide.”
“What is that supposed to mean” I asked.  
“Forget it,” he said, waving a hand dismissively and grabbing his keys off the dresser. “I’ll drive.”
We drove out of the parking minutes later.  Ronnie gripped the steering wheel with one hand, his other was propping his head up as he leaned against his door.  He had on dark shades; it was still viciously sunny outside.
	He was initially playing some tunes on the car stereo but then he reached down and switched it off.  This was the first time I had never seen him drive without his music.  
“I’m hungover as fuck,” he said, in the way of an explanation, I assumed. 
“You must be,” I said.  “What’d you do?” 
“Uhhhhh,” he rubbed his hand over his hair back and forth roughly a few times and spit out the window.  “Me and Jamie downed an entire bottle of Mad Dog 20/20 each – and some other stuff.  It was kind of a competition; I think she won...?”  He reached over and pulled out another cigarette, lighting it and tossing the lighter back into the dash console.  
He glanced at me.  “So you wanna tell my why you’re hanging around with rangers and police officers, these days?  Despite my sage advice?”
“I definitely haven’t been ‘hanging around’ with them.”  
“You brought one here today – the bastard wanted to speak to me, but I told him to fuck off…  What the hell did he want here?”    
“Looking into Alia’s murder,” I said.  “But he’s just going through the motions – he doesn’t give a shit.”
 “Why do you give a shit?” Ronnie said, shaking his head.  “You just fucked her once.”  
I set my jaw firmly in place, feeling anger rising in me.  “Ronnie, we’re friends and all but I’m not going to let you disrespect her like that – that can’t happen again.  You didn’t know anything about her.”  
We rode in awkward silence for a moment.  Then Ronnie shrugged, “I didn’t mean to come off like an asshole about it, Chiefy.”  He stared back out the windshield.  “I just don’t get why you care so much.  Cops coming around now… it’s where I live too, you know.” 
“Just don’t say shit about her like that, man,” I said.  
We rode on.  Ronnie turned the music back on, but kept it low.  “Will,” he said after some time, now with a calmer voice, “don’t take this the wrong way, but I just want to say, regardless of why you care so much, that you need to be careful about dealing with the BIA cops, and even in dealing with the rangers.”
He flicked his cigarette out the window. “I’m only saying that because I’ve seen it before – back in Detroit.  You get involved with the cops, even trying to help them, whatever it may be, and then they fuck you – they turn it back on you some way.  Seen it a million times…”  
He raised one hand in the air with that “I’m just saying” gesture.  “I know you cared about Alia, Will, and I know you want to know what happened.  But stirring things up with the cops is just going to make it worse.  Do you see that?”
I thought about Olsterman’s unsettling suggestions about me being the only suspect.  “That’s the second time someone’s told me I’ve been “stirring things up” today,” I said. “But as far as making things worse – what exactly do you think could happen?”  Besides Olsterman getting sick of my bullshit and deciding to arrest me for murder.  
He shrugged.  “Like I told you before: don’t trust a cop.  Partly why I came out here was to get away from all the crime and shit in Detroit – I had some troubles of my own, unfortunately.  Like you said a while back, this place was a ‘reset’ button for me, too, and lately I feel like Detroit is bleeding into Two Med.”
“It’s not Detroit – it’s Browning,” I said.  “What kind of trouble did you have back in Michigan?”
He shrugged vaguely.  “Stupid shit.  But nevertheless, I never trust a cop and neither should you – any kind of cop – even Greg.  They stay away from us, and we stay away from them?  Just like the grizzlies and us.”  
Ronnie glanced over at me.  “Whatever you and Alia had before, whatever you’re trying to do now, just watch out and make sure you don’t make things worse.  And keep the cops out of it.”  
Watch out for what? I wondered.  
“Why do you care so much?” I asked him.  “Nobody’s gonna find your precious stash.”  
He didn’t respond.  “It’s not even about me and her,” I said, my eyes now on the road.  “Your right that we weren’t together very long – not long at all.  But it’s about the fact that she had a shitty life, man, she never had a break her whole life, and she had plans to get out of this town – out of Browning.  She was strong, Ronnie, she really was; and she was smart, and she was kind, beautiful… a person I wish I could have been with.  
“She was beaten to death, and I couldn’t even go to her fucking funeral.”  I reached forward into the console and grabbed his pack of Marlboros and pulled out a cigarette.  Ronnie took no notice.  I lit one and breathed the vapor deep, through my entire body it seemed, like it was a life-saving gas that could finally kill something bad inside.  
“Maybe it doesn’t make any sense… but I got to find out who did it to her,” I said as I breathed out the smoke.
I looked out the passenger window and Ronnie turned up the music.  Neither of us said a word the rest of the trip.

We eventually got to the diner, called “The Sunrise,” and parked out front.  We walked in and were greeted by a long counter where customers could sit, and there were a few tables near the walls as well.  The place was old, outdated, with old fridges and freezers and desert display cases – but I liked the classic and retro feel of the place.  The afternoon sun poured in through the big window in front and created a nice glow.  
We sat at a table near the door and looked over two laminated plastic menus that were shoved between a catsup bottle and mustard jar.  An older woman was stocking things behind the counter, whose job it was to run the register as guests were leaving, it looked to me.  A pretty girl probably in her twenties came over with two glasses of water and set them down.  She had soft brown hair, falling in wavy streams, lit by the sun that clipped the side of her head as she stood in front of us.  She had most of her hair pulled back with a leather string, and she had very large brown eyes that held the light.  A thin figure was hidden by a t-shirt and jeans – no waitress uniforms for The Sunrise, apparently.
 “Hey Ronnie and company,” she said, giving us a casual smile.  “What can I get you?”
Ronnie looked up at her.  “Sky!  Well I’ll be damned…”  He smiled broadly at her, but she regarded him with a strained smile.  
She turned to me.  “And you must be Will.”
“Yeah,” I said. “Are you the Sky that knows Clayton?”  Ronnie looked at the two of us in turn as we spoke.  
“Know him?” she asked, with an amused expression.  “I live with him, so yea I’d say so.”
“Sky’s Clayton’s girlfriend,” Ronnie said.  
Sky studied me for a moment.  “Clayton told me you’ve been asking about Alia.”  
I nodded slightly.  
“What was she to you?” Sky asked.  
 “What do you mean?” I said, caught off guard by her direct manner with me.
	Sky folded her arms, hugging the two menus she was going to drop on the table for us.  Ronnie sipped his coffee and kept watching us both.  
“I mean what I just said, what was she to you?”	
	I couldn’t read the expression on Sky’s face for any clues as to what she was getting at, or to whose side she was on – Clayton’s or mine – but it seemed she didn’t trust me for some reason, or that she was genuinely confused about me, one or the other.  Of course, I considered, she may just be seeing me as some city boy tourist who had a fling with a local Indian and then went on clinging to the memory of that fling after the girl’s grisly death... 
	“She was what I was looking for,” I said, staring back at Sky.  
	As if that was a right answer, Sky reached down and placed a menu in front of Ronnie and I, and said, “Listen, you come by our place tonight, Will, for dinner.  I want some time with you.”
Ronnie looked up at her as she said this, and then at me again.
“You know where we live?” She asked.
	“Yea,” I said, reaching down to feel the crumpled post card that Clayton had scrawled on in my pocket.  I got an invite from your drug dealer boyfriend.   “But,” I said, hesitating, “is Clayton gonna play nice?”  
	“Don’t worry about him,” she said. “He’s harmless.  He’s not the one you should worry about.”  
As she walked away to place the orders Ronnie and I gave her, Ronnie swore under his breath.  “You are gonna get yourself is a shitload of trouble, Chiefy.  You just gonna show up at his place and walk in?  Jake lives there too you know…”  
	Jake – a variable I had not really considered.  He had this mysterious quality to me – a shadowy presence in my mind that I had not figured out in any specific terms yet.  
I shrugged, trying to present an image of carelessness but probably not succeeding.   “Sky found Alia in the woods, Thunderbird told me – it was the only thing helpful he did tell me.  And Clayton dated her – she lived there.  So his place was the center of her world, a hub of her last days.  I want to be there and see it.”  I thought about walking into that house and what I may encounter.  “Or maybe I am just going crazy.”
	 “I think so,” Ronnie nodded said, nodding dolefully.

After we ate, I had Ronnie drive me over to the address that I found for “Gary and Susan.”  I told him that he owed me one favor for the free breakfast I had provided him, and I promised to not involve him in any more “bullshit” as he put it, after one more lecture from him about “minding my own business.”  
When we got to the address we saw that it was an empty, abandoned house – I wasn’t very surprised.  Lots of houses were empty in Browning.  And, anyway, nobody would have stuck around after something like that had happened – after “Gary” had done his work.  Alia’s foster dad being charged with child molestation – it was too small a town.  There was no “For Sale” sign in the yard, but you could tell that nobody was in the little white ranch house.  The grass and weeds were grown high in the front and side yards, the dark windows didn’t have blinds or curtains in them, and there was just emptiness about the place that was distinctive.  
Ronnie sat watching me sourly as I stood on the street next to the weedy driveway, just looking around.  Across the street was a run-down old house with a small front porch; on it I saw a hugely fat woman sitting in an old, metal rocking chair.  She sat there smoking, watching us, and had a small TV on the porch on a stand set in front of her.    A black cat sat near her on the porch, watching me as well.
I walked over to the porch. The woman didn’t shift her gaze, but also didn’t seem surprised at the fact that I was walking up to her house.   
“Hi,” I said.
“Hi,” she said back, in a husky voice.  She reached for her ashtray and flicked out the ash. 
“I was looking for the people that may have lived in that house over there,” I said, pointing a thumb behind me.  
Her eyes shifted past me to the house, and then back at me.  “You lookin’ for Alia?” she asked, with a sideways grin showing around her fat, doughy jowls.  
“No.  I was looking for her foster parents actually, Gary and Susan?” 
She wrinkled up her brow.  “Hell, they ain’t lived there for two years.  What you want with them?”  She took a long drag from her cigarette.  
I looked back at the house.  “… just looking for them.  Sorry to bother you.”  
As I turned and stared to go, she said, “Did you know Alia?”  
I stopped and looked back at her.  “Yes.”  
She reached down to ash her cigarette again.  “Do you know she’s dead?”  
“Yes.”
She looked past me at the house again.  “If you know Gary and Susan you know what happened there, right?”  
“Yes,” I said again, now watching her closely.
“I moved in here right before he got arrested; it was big news in town here of course...  A high school teacher, foster parent, such a respected man…”    She took a big drag from her cigarette.  “Alia must have been ten, eleven then.”
She smiled.  “I remember my first day here, after my son had moved in my stuff.  I was out here on the porch, trying to hang a plant, and here comes this cute little black-haired girl, pony-tails swinging, coming over like she owned the place.”  
She chuckled at the memory, and her big, flowery gown heaved a bit. “She came up and asked me if I needed help moving in, and said if I wanted to I could come over for dinner with them.” 
She looked over at the house again, and her face became grim. “She was probably looking for help...  Tryin’ to get some other adult over there.”
She shook her head slowly.  “I didn’t trust that bastard Gary the first moment I saw him, and he had a sneaky, dirty look to him.  But the whole town thought he was a saint.”  She looked down at the black cat beside her.  “But I knew something was up at that house.”
The big lady let out a big sign, then took another drag at the cigarette.  “I wish I coulda helped her, goddammit I do.  I shoulda run over Gary in my car.  Alia was a real sweet girl, you know.  She left pretty soon after that, but while she was here, whenever I saw her, she’d waive and smile.  Went out and bought me cigarettes and pop sometimes too.”  
I tried picturing Alia as a little girl, innocent, before the shaming of that house. “Did you keep in touch with her?  Did you know her this last year?” 
She shook her head and looked out over her yard.  “No.  She moved more into town and I never saw her again, except a couple of times just around.  I don’t get out much.”  She regarded me again.  “So why are you here exactly?”
I sighed and shook my head and ran a hand though my hair.  “I was hoping to find out what happened to her.” 
“You’re not from Browning.”  She looked at me, studying me a bit.  “Where are you from?”
“Two Medicine.”
“Ha!” she snorted.  “Then you don’t know anything about this here place.”  She snubbed her cigarette out.  “Where you from before that?”
“Georgia.”  
She gave another “Ha!” to that, and then said, “If you were friends, you know she wanted nothing to do with that bastard over there.  She never came around here.”  
I looked back at the house and I couldn’t blame her.  I thanked the woman and started walking towards Ronnie’s car.  
“Come by again sometime if you want,” she called out to me as I walked.  “We don’t get any visitors out here.”

Twenty-Eight


	After Ronnie and I drove back to Two Med I immediately borrowed his car again, giving him thirty bucks for gas to avoid any protest, and drove off towards Clayton’s address.  I rolled the driver’s window down and let the evening breeze blow through the car.  
I settled back in the driver’s seat and I thought about what I had been doing and saying the last few days.  I wondered if I was losing track of things, wasting time, and if and when I was going to “make things worse” as Ronnie warned.  I didn’t feel worse though; I actually felt more a peace, especially at times that I was talking to someone about her death, like I was getting closer to something that would solve it all in my head.
	I thought about Alia’s life some more as I drove – her small, reduced life of just surviving and escaping.  I tried to piece together the parts of her world I had gathered, her foster families, the tribe, the reservation, Thunderbird, the diner, Clayton and Sky, visiting the store, then me.  Me at the cash register, riding in the canoe, sitting on my bed, listening to me sing with a big grin on her face.  I tried to picture me and the store in her mind, with her eyes, how she saw it.  It was too foreign though, I couldn’t see the world like her.  I didn’t grow up in this desolate place on the reservation.  
	I picture for the hundredth time her lifeless body trampled, bloody, battered in the dirt, although I had still never seen it.  I wondered what Greg’s stolen photos actually showed.  I tried to imagine her last moments, of… what?  Fear?  Terror?  Pain?  I hoped so greatly that she was somehow spared the pain.  I shut that idea out of my mind immediately because it stung to think about, too painful for me to consider.  Imagine a loved-one being tortured…  
	I reached down to Ronnie’s pack of Marlboros and got one out, lighting it and tossing the lighter back into the ashtray like he did.  I needed to stop smoking soon or I’d never stop, I thought.  I switched on Ronnie’s stereo and let the songs wash over my mind and a cover my thoughts – cloud over my worries as I drove through the evening sunset to meet Clayton Red Claw and God knows what else.

Clayton’s house was a small one-story, little box at the end of a street, not far from town.  I had yet to see a large house in Browning, in fact – every building seemed small, old, forgotten.  Houses were usually one-story ranch homes, but mobile homes and trailers were just as common as houses.  I drove up to the house, checked the address on my postcard with the number on the mailbox, and parked. 
	I noticed music coming from the main room as I walked up to the door, and it sounded like Steppenwolf’s “Magic Carpet Ride.”  I rang the doorbell and after a minute Sky came to the door.  She was dressed in a very small top and jean shorts, which showed off her lithe, tan legs that ended in flip flops.  It was the same thing Alia had worn.  Tonight, Sky had her straight hair done up in a bun with chop sticks shoved into the mass of dark hair to keep it up.
	“Welcome…” she said. She looked amused.  “Come on in.”  
I walked in and noticed the smell of incense.  She led me into the main room, a living room, which had a couch and some chairs and a lot of wood carvings and glass decorations on shelves.  Young people lived here though – you could tell from how much junk there was here and there: guitar, tennis racket tossed in a corner, a mountain bike in the foyer, old CDs piled on the coffee table – the detritus of a certain era in life.
	“One of Clayton’s friends is a glass blower,” Sky said, watching my eyes.  “He made this.”  She walked over and picked up an elaborately shaped glass marijuana pipe fashioned like a dolphin jumping out of the water.   I couldn’t begin to image how the thing worked to smoke through it.  
As I politely admired it, she gestured over to the couch she sat me down.  The house was old, and the furniture and stuff in the room looked like it came from Goodwill – all mismatched and thrown together.  There were many Blackfoot-looking artifacts and decorations on the walls and shelves, however.  I also noticed a large, plastic, white sign that read “Elect James Red Claw” in big block letters – one of those political signs people stick in their yards.  I was shoved halfway behind a Lazy Boy lounge chair.  I also noticed a huge glass bottle about three feet high with a large amount of coins in it – a note had been taped to it that read “Harley Fund.”  My eye fell upon a gun resting on the coffee table in front of me – a black, automatic pistol.  That made me nervous.
“Hi,” Clayton said curtly as he suddenly walked in, holding two Miller Genuine Draft bottled beers.  He put one in my hand without asking me if I wanted one, and then he sat in one of the recliners.  He reached over and turned down the Steppenwolf on the stereo.  He seemed a little more casual, less stern now that he was in his home turf.
“Let me get right to the point,” he said after taking a swig of beer.  “Look, I know you care about what happened to Alia – you wouldn’t be here otherwise – but there’s a way of doing things in Browning and a way of not doing things.”  
Sky sat in the other recliner and just watched us.  
“And you talking to the rangers and the BIA about it all is not the right way of doing things.”
“How do you know I’ve talked to them?”  I asked.
He sat back in the chair and smiled.  He had a thin face that looked slightly malevolent when he smiled.  His teeth were crooked.  I noticed that he had an almost-Hispanic look when he smiled.  
“You don’t think people talk in a town this small?  He gestured a hand out the big window of the living room to indicate the town.  “Especially if the tribe is involved?” 
“Well,” I said, “as far as the BIA cop goes, he’s always been the one to seek me out – I didn’t invite him around – and he probably thinks I did it anyway.  But I actually do want the cops involved, to find who killed her.  Don’t you?” I asked him, and I looked to Sky too.
“Sure,” Clayton said.  I noticed how she took a subservient posture with him in the room; her usual up-front demeanor was chilled – she was now watchful.  
He took another sip of beer.  “But the right way of doing things is letting the tribe solve it.”  
“Are they solving it?” I asked him.
He ignored the question, and nodded over to the election sign.  “My father was the council leader – the “chief” as you would call it in the old days – and before he died he had this town running its own way – perfectly.”  
I noticed Sky looked down at the beer in her hand contemplatively.
“And,” he continued, “I’m moving up in the tribe and I’m going to pick up where he left off.”
“So your father ran things here?”  I asked, and he looked over at the election sign I had seen and nodded.
“Yea,” he said, “But Council Leader is an elected position.  I’m running next year.”	I shifted on the couch a little and sipped my beer, then asked him again, “The tribe doesn’t seem to be doing anything though.  This Thunderbird guy…”
Clayton interrupted me, “Thunderbird is just a well-known guy, and talks to everyone, so he talks with the BIA and the rest for us – but he’s just a…” Clayton thought about it a moment.
“A distraction.” I said.  
Clayton’s face showed a barely-perceptible smile.  “Yea.  That’s it.”  He settled back into his chair.  “The tribe will find out on its own, though, so don’t be going around and getting the cops involved. That’s what I invited you here to tell you.”
“How would the tribe even get involved; I mean what authority do they have when it comes to murder?” I asked, irritation unintentionally seeping into my voice.
Clayton looked at Sky a moment, then said, “The Blackfoot say ‘never be afraid to talk matters over with those you disagree’ and I wanted to have you here to talk matters over.  You don’t know anything about this place – you don’t know anything about us – and you didn’t really know Alia.”
“I knew her better than you think,” I blurted out, “well enough to know that she deserves better than to have been beaten to death and left in the dirt to die.  And then to be buried and forgotten and people just talk about wanting to find out what happened?  I can’t leave it like that.”
“She was cremated,” Sky said.
I looked back at her and wondered what she was feeling about all of this.  She was clearly a girl with intelligence and guts, and must have her own thoughts about this entire thing.
“You found her out in the woods Sky,” I said.  “What do you think happened to her?”
	Sky didn’t answer, but looked at Clayton.  Clayton seemed, for his part, to suddenly soften at my question.  His brow furrowed and he searched my face as if looking for any insincerity, or ulterior motive hidden there.  “Look Will, I know how you feel – I dated her for two years and she lived here with us.  But you don’t know how things work here.  So let the tribe handle this and stay out of it.”
	“She lived here until she broke up with you,” I said.  
	“No,” Sky cut in.  “She lived here until she was killed.”  
	This was a bit of a shock.  I looked to Clayton.  “You mean she lived here with you two, while you are dating, after your breakup?” 
	“Yep,” he nodded.  “We were close – all of us – we were a family.  The Blackfoot are like that.” 
	This took a moment to process.  I stared down at the carpet, then up at Sky.
	“Can I see her room?”  
	Sky nodded.  “Sure.”

She led me down the hall while Clayton stayed in the other room.  The hall way had three doors – two bedrooms and a bathroom, I guessed – and it was a very narrow space with not much room to stretch out.  Sky led me to the last door on the right and pushed it open.  I walked in and immediately smelled Alia – that subtle, sugary perfume.  I felt like she was just around the corner.  I stopped in the doorway and looked around; and I saw a room that was small, square, and had only bed and a dresser in it, with an old TV in the corner and a small stereo sitting on a shelf.  Posters of Marylyn Manson and Nine Inch Nails were taped to the wall.  
	“We boxed up most of her stuff and gave it to Goodwill already,” Sky said from the doorway, looking in over my shoulder.  “There was no one to send it to, as you probably know.”  
	I walked over to the bed and pictured Alia’s little frame sleeping there.  I thought back to our night together, holding each other like we did as we slept in my bed.  I wondered if her sheets still smelled like her but I resisted the urge to bury my face in them in front of Sky who was still standing in the doorway, watching me.  I walked over to the closet and pulled open the sliding door.  
	“There’s still a few things in there...” Sky said.
	I saw some small shoes on the closet floor and a jacket on a hanger.  A black, long-sleeve Jack Daniels t-shirt was hanging there too, and I ran my hand over the material.  I breathed in through my nose but didn’t detect her fragrance here.  It had been too long, and the clothes had lost her essence, hour by hour.
	I saw a picture in a frame over on the dresser, showing a little, dark-haired girl with a tall, thin woman, smiling in the sun at some farm.  They were standing next to horses, which had their heads down grazing.  I picked up the picture.
“That’s her mom – and Alia,” Sky said.  “I didn’t know what to do with that pic.  She’s got no family to send it to; and I have no idea where her mom is now.  It didn’t feel right to give it to Goodwill, or throw it away.”
“Just keep it,” I said, and I set the picture back onto the dresser.  “Sky,” I said looking over to her, “why were you out in the woods in the middle of the night when you found her?  Why don’t you just tell me?”  
	Sky just looked at me for a moment.  
	“You were looking for her, right?” I asked.  
	“Actually no,” she said after another moment’s pause, “I was looking for Clayton.”
	“What was Clayton doing out there?”  
	“Clayton didn’t kill her, Will, if that’s what you think.” 
	“Then why were you out there looking for him?”  
	She finally stepped from the doorway and walked over towards the dresser.  She reached for the picture and put it into my hand.  “You take this, keep it.”  
I stared at the picture again.
“She was a good person, Will,” Sky said quietly, looking around the room.  “She was just trying to get by, working a shitty job, working the diner – trying to make a life, hoping to get out to L.A. someday.”  
“She told me.”
Sky breathed a sigh and said, “She had this way of… connecting, with people.”  She looked at me.  “She said you and her connected instantly.”
I kept staring at the picture of her as a little girl, wondering if she was happy in that moment, at least.
	“That necklace meant a lot to her,” Sky said, nodding at my necklace.  “It was her ‘lode stone,’ which means it was her connection to the spirit world, in the Blackfoot way.  She got it at one of the powwows – I think after her mom left.”
	Sky looked down to my wrist, at the leather strap wrapped there. “Who gave you that?” 
	“Thunderbird.”
	She nodded, as if that was expected.  “Yeah, he gave her one just like it, long time ago.  He was like an uncle to her – a big, weird uncle.”  Sky smiled to herself.
	“Who killed her, Sky?” I asked, looking up at her. 
	Sky looked at the picture in my hand and shook her head.  “If you can find out, Will, do it – that’s why I brought you here.  I think people have already started to forget about her… So keep that photo and find out what happened; her spirit will be at rest then.”

Sky turned and left the room – leaving me standing alone in the center of Alia’s world.  Was there something here that could actually tell me about her last days?  I looked around the room again and spotted a small spiral notebook.  I walked over and picked it up, it was brand new looking, not used at all.  What was more tragic than a diary never used?
I flipped it open to the first page – nothing.  I flipped through all the pages – blank.  I was about to set the book down when I noticed on the very last page was a girly looking handwriting – loopy characters in pencil with elaborately dotted and crossed “I”s and “T”s.  At the bottom was the signed name “Alia Reynolds.”  
	I glanced out to the hallway, and then turned back to the book and quickly read over the paragraph of lines written on the page.  I felt confused, however, when I got to the end.  It read like a poem, but it was written in the third person, and didn’t seem to apply to Alia in any way.  
It read:
	
When she was a little girl, Alia was spoiled and rich, and had gold and silver poured down onto her bed like a fountain of light.  She bathed in riches and never knew pain or hunger.  

When she was a young woman Alia was spoiled and rich, and had jewels and luxuries handed to her by rich men and women, who wanted a moment of her time.  She bathed in riches and never knew pain or hunger.

When she was an old woman, Alia was spoiled and rich, but gave her gold and silver and jewels and luxuries to her daughter, like a fountain of life from a woman everyone wanted.  She bathed in riches and never knew pain and hunger.    
	
Was this how Alia saw her future, a prediction of success in Hollywood as an actress?  Or was this poetic deception which meant to highlight her poverty and destitution?  Where did her life fit in to this fairy tale?  What was the point?  
	She had signed it like a letter.  But to whom?  
Feeling more uncertain about her life than when I had started, I walked out of the Alia’s room back down the hall to the living room.  Everything came down to one question: Of all the people I had met so far, was there any person in her life that would have killed her, and so viciously?  
I couldn’t think of any likely suspect, beyond Clayton, and he was a mystery now too.  If he lost it because of the break up or something else – he was incredibly calm about it – and Sky was too smart to not figure it out if it was him.  Then there was always the possibility of a random attacker out there...  But the odds of a random attack were slight I felt… And that bit about the lack of footprints?  
Some special care had been put into this killing – which suggested a motive.  I shook my head.  What did I know about crime scenes and motives?  I would more likely just end up in the woods like Alia, I thought to myself.

Although Sky had mentioned “dinner,” it seemed dinner was just going to be drinking beer.  I had a fresh one waiting for me as I sat back down in the living room.  Clayton was fiddling with his phone as I settled back into the couch.  I looked at him and tried to picture him murdering Alia in some violent way, beating her with some kind of blunt instrument – I could imagine it.
	Clayton set the phone down and looked over at me, noticing the picture next to on the couch.  He nodded as if in approval.  “Let me show you another picture.”  He got up to get a large photo off a shelf across the room.  
	I thought he had meant a photo of Alia, but when he returned and showed me the picture, I saw a large, fat man standing at a podium, speaking to a crowd.
	“My father – James Red Claw.”    
	His father had strong Native American features – stronger than Clayton – although with short, salt-and-pepper hair and a cowboy hat.  He had the stockiness, the large brown eyes and round small head of the Blackfoot tribe, though, sure enough.  
 	Sky had sat back down in the recliner as Clayton showed me the picture.  She sighed and said, “Clayton, just tell him about everything,” in a tired voice.
	Clayton looked to her for a long while, just standing there in front of me still holding the picture, then he looked back to me and nodded.  “Ok.”  He sat down heavily in his chair again, and stared at me, still holding the photo.
	“Ok,” he said again, as if resolving finally let some secret out.  “You know I want you to stay away from the cops… because they get things wrong and create more trouble than they solve, right?”  
	I nodded, just thinking of how Ronnie kept saying the exact same thing.  I didn’t mention he may be right since Officer Olsterman seemed to regard me as a suspect now, despite the fact that I had been running around town trying to find out what happened.
	“But,” he continued, “what you don’t know about is Browning.  My father was Browning.”  He reached back, setting the photo on a small table next to him.  “He ran an insurance business in town, had some real estate investments, and he ran the tribe’s finances.”
	“But what you also don’t know,” Clayton continued, “is that he also ran the biggest drug business in Montana – right here out of Browning.  Nobody knew it for a long time, but he controlled all of the meth, coke, weed and other shit coming into Northern Montana from Canada – for years, for many years actually, until he was busted five years ago.  It made big news in this state, especially since he was well known as a business leader and elected official.”
	“Him and his brother, my Uncle Ray, were Army vets, and had connections in Canada with some vet buddies who had connections in Mexico.  So they started bringing stuff in in the 80’s, and soon they were the biggest ones running drugs into this state – the only ones after a while.   My uncle was ratted out by his connections in California after they got busted up there, and he died in prison last year.  My father,” Clayton took big gulp of Miller and continued, “he is serving eighty years for 1st degree murder – he’ll die in prison too.  He’s in Atwater – a prison in California.  He’ll never get out.”  
Clayton looked at the picture of the big man proudly giving a speech before an American Flag draped behind him, a man with two faces.  Did Clayton have two faces?
	Clayton stopped for a moment and surprisingly Sky picked up his thread.  “Clayton’s ancestors go back generations in the tribe; his great-grandfather was a Chief and met with the president in Washington.  But James Red Claw destroyed the family reputation, and they lost everything when the feds arrested him.  The Red Claws lost their homes, their businesses and real estate, and their money.  The whole family has been fucked up over it.”
	Clayton picked up the hand gun that had been resting on the coffee table.  He admired it, and then drew back the slide, exposing the barrel.  “Only me and Jake stuck around here, that’s my brother you met before – with the sunglasses...  We’re all that’s left of the Red Claws.”  
Clayton pulled the magazine out of the gun and then snapped it back in with his palm.  He shoved the gun into the waistband of his jeans, and then pulled a cigarette from a pack and lit it.  “Jake is always leaving his shit out in the open…”  He smirked at me and drew in a lungful of smoke.  I watched him as he blew out through his nose.  “And I am going to build everything back up to where we were – that’s why I’m running for Council this year.  I’ll be the youngest ever elected…  And that’s just the start.”
	He looked at me with a level gaze, and said, “My father lost everything, but most of all – worst of all – was that he lost our name.  The Red Claw family is now looked at like a bunch of criminals.  Everyone thinks we still deal drugs and we are blamed for every fucking bad thing that happens here.”
	“Like Alia’s murder,” Sky asked.
	“And everything else,” Clayton said.  “So, you see why I wanted to talk to you.  You don’t know the history here, but now you know a few of the people, and you know some of the law enforcement.  I’m under suspicion in everything I do, Will, and I want to change that.  It’s got to change – it’s what I was born to do.”
	Not carrying a gun in your waistband would be a good start, I thought to myself.
	He drained the last of his beer and stood up; his t-shirt fell over the gun.  “So I can’t have you thinking I killed Alia, which I know you do.  And I can’t have you getting anyone else thinking I killed her.”  He walked over to me and stuck out his hand, “Make sense?”
	I shook his hand.  “Makes sense,” I said.
	He looked over at Sky and then at me and said, “We gotta turn in soon; I got an early shift tomorrow.”  He offered his me his hand, again, so I shook it again, wondering if he was getting drunk.  Probably best that I was leaving soon.  
“So thanks for coming and hearing me out,” he said. 
	I sensed it was time I was out the door, but there was one more subject I had yet to broach, and I wanted to have something said about it before I left.  
“Is Jake involved?”  
Clayton face was blank but his eyes showed distrust.   I stared back at him, trying to show resolve and that I wasn’t intimidated anymore – although I still was.
“In what?” he asked.
“Jake didn’t kill her,” Sky suddenly said.  “So don’t bother about him.”
I kept my eyes on Clayton, though.  He nodded slowly. “Jake is a different situation.  We don’t see eye to eye on some things, him and I; but he’s my brother and I love him, and I’ll support him no matter what.  But he didn’t kill anybody, so stay away from him Will, because you’d just be wasting your time.”
“Who do you think killed her, then?”  I asked him. 
“Don’t know,” he said after a moment, “maybe you did.”
His face was still blank, but there was now a malevolence in his eyes that was concerning.  Sky stepped over and held one of his hands.  
“Time to go, Will,” she said.  
As I got up to leave, Clayton seemed to suddenly shrug off the tension, and he stepped next to me as I approached the door.  He put a hand on my shoulder, and smiled, but the smile was forced.  “Look, I just wanted to tell you how things are in Browning… Thanks for coming.”
I just nodded and walked out onto the porch.  As Clayton closed the door, I heard him say, “But if you keep dropping my name around town in connection with Alia, we are gonna have a problem.”  The door shut firmly on my back.  
Another pleasant evening in Browning… I mused.  As I got into Ronnie’s car and started to drive back, I realized that I had just as many questions, if not more, now, after meeting Clayton and Sky, than I had before.  Why did Ronnie say he bought his drugs from Clayton and that “you could get anything” from him – if Clayton was keeping his nose clean and trying to get to the leadership of the tribe?  Who is Clayton really?  I still had no idea.  And where is Jake in all this?  And why was Sky out in the woods in the middle of the night?  
As I drove towards Two Medicine, I resolved to find out at least the Sky question before I was done – even if it killed me.  I was sick of being in the dark, and it was getting darker all the time…

Twenty-Nine


	I drove back home with the growing feeling like I was just getting deeper into a mass of questions, instead of getting closer to an answer.   After I got back to the store, I took Alia’s picture from the car with me as I walked up the porch and into the kitchen.  I stared at the little girl’s beaming face in the photo – I could see an Alia in the making – eyes squinted in the sun, holding her mother’s hand, trustingly.  
	I got back into my room without meeting any of the staff, but after getting out of my clothes, I heard a soft knock on my door.  I put on some shorts and went to the door.  It was Katie; she smiled at me sleepily and suddenly pushed her way into the room.  
“What are you up to?” she murmured as she walked over to my bed and sat heavily down on the mattress.  Her face was flushed, her hair was done up but in quick and messy way, and her eyes were watery.  She looked very drunk, but also seemed to have been crying.  
“I came to your room earlier, but you were gone,” she said, slurring the words.  “Where were you?”
“How much have you been drinking?” I asked, even though it was blatantly obvious that it was way too much, whatever the amount.  And it was so out of character for her that I worried that something major had just happened to her.  I left the door open.  

She reached down and pulled a small bottle of whiskey from her pocket – whiskey that we sold from the store.  She was wearing the same small, white shorts she had on when I first arrived, I noticed.  She was also wearing a little white t-shirt, with no bra, and I could see the little, tans caps of her nipples through the material – like she had dressed quickly for a quick undressing…
I watched as she took a drink from the mostly empty bottle.  Her face winced with disgust as she swallowed it down; and then she tossed the bottle over to me and said, “Have a snort.”
I set the bottle down on the dresser, next to the picture of Alia I had gotten.  Katie noticed the picture and got up, putting her hand out on the wall to steady herself.  She walked over and looked carefully at the picture.  
“Is that her?” she asked, reaching for the photo.  I reached over and put set the frame face down on the dresser before she could grab it.  “What’s gotten into you?” I asked.  I grabbed her hand and led her back over to the bed, which was still the only place to sit down that I could offer.
She misinterpreted the gesture, and with a sloppy smile she put her arms around my neck and leaned in to kiss me.  Her hands were warm, and the heat coming off of her flushed face was palpable.  I pulled her arms off of me and gently set her back down.  
“Katie,” I said softly, “this isn’t going to happen.  You’re drunk and I’m pretty sure you don’t really want this from me – not really.”
She looked offended.  “What’s the matter?” she asked, “you only like trailer trash from Browning?”  She got up, but too fast, and leaned over and crashed against the far wall, knocking over the lamp that was by the bed.  
She looked down at the lamp for a moment, and then sat back down on the bed heavily, as if giving up trying to storm out.  She then leaned over and cradled herself, hunching forward and resting on her knees.  I was concerned she might throw up on the floor.  I walked over and set the lamp up right again, and then sat beside her.   I reached over and rubbed her back softly.  Maybe she would just collapse on the bed and go to sleep, I thought, I could sleep in her bed then and be done with this depressing scene. 
   “So tell me why you’re now chugging whiskey and making moves…” I asked her.  “One Ronnie is enough around here.”
She put her face into her hands and began to softly sob.  I could feel her chest heaving; and I just sat there and rubbed her back for a few minutes as she cried.  She soon sat up quickly, as if recovering some dignity, and rubbed her eyes with her hands like she had done on the way back from church.  She sniffed and looked at me angrily.  I stopped rubbing her back.
“You were out in Browning tonight, trying to find out about her, weren’t you?” she asked bitterly.  Before I could answer, she asked, “Why do you fucking care so much about her?”
When I didn’t say anything, she turned her gaze from me with disgust and leaned forward again, rubbing her face in her hands.  Her little blonde bun of hair was shaking as she did so, her body was trembling again.  
“I talked to my mom tonight,” I heard her say, muffled in her hands.  “That fucking bastard has filed for a divorce. A divorce?  After all the shit he did to the family?”  She looked back to me, angry but with a trembling lip.  “Men disgust me.”   
“Jesus, Katie,” I said softly.  “You’re all over the place. You need to get a grip on yourself.”
“Is this where you got a grip on that girl?” She asked, patting the bed with a twisted smile.  She laughed and then got up and walked over to the dresser.  She grabbed the bottle and twisted off the top.  It was like watching someone slowly lose their mind in front of you, stage by stage, one emotion at a time.
“That’ll just make things worse,”  I said as I watched her.  “Why don’t you just lay down and we can talk tomorrow.”
“So you can get a grip on me?”  She downed the rest of the whiskey and walked over to the door and closed it, dropping the empty bottle in my waste basket.  She turned to me and pulled her shirt off.  Her breasts were round, firm, perfect, and she knew how pretty she was.  I saw that she was starting to unbutton her shorts; her eyes were glistening with a watery glaze.  

I walked over, picked up her shirt and handed it to her.  I felt a stirring, being so close to her, being so near her nakedness and warmth, but at this moment I just felt sad for her – knowing how she was going to feel tomorrow.
She paused and took the shirt, watching me for a moment.  Then she laughed and put it back on, and walked over to the bed.  “Figures,” she said, sitting down heavily.  “I know you think I’m crazy, coming in here like this; but I certainly couldn’t go over there,” she pointed towards Ronnie’s room.  
I ran some water in a glass from a pitcher I kept by the bed, and handed it to her.  She took it and drank deeply.  “So I came over here and knocked, but nobody was home.  And I knew you were out there looking for her.” 
She pointed over at the frame I had placed facedown.  “And I thought, ‘that makes perfect sense.’  You are obsessed with this girl you hardly knew, who you just fucked,” she said the work harshly, like she it tasted bad to her, “and then you spend all you time running around trying to find… something… I don’t know what you are trying to find.”  
She shook her head with frustration.  “Men make no sense to me – always chasing the wrong women and fucking things up where they live.  And you of all people should know better.”
I wasn’t sure why she necessarily thought I should know any better, but I took the compliment. 
“Believe it or not I didn’t come to find you to fuck you,” she looked at me and smiled sadly, “I just wanted someone to talk to, to tell you that my dad had finally destroyed my family, once and for all.  But then I saw you were gone, I knew what you were doing, and I thought to myself that it was high time I started fucking… since that’s all anyone does around here.”
“We also make pretty good Huckleberry shakes, here,” I said.
She laughed inadvertently, and then shook her head.  “I’ll probably have to leave Two Med now and go be with my mom.”  She looked over at me again. “Why do men pursue the women they do?
           “Love, sex, envy, a thousand reasons,” I said.  “With Alia, it just happened.  Like it was meant to be, as they say.”
	She folded her arms and stared back down at the floor.  “I went down to the kitchen and grabbed the first bottle of whiskey I could find, and drank it.  Then I got another, and I just drank that.”  
	“Jesus,” I muttered.  She was a light drinker at best.  “You’re gonna feel horrible tomorrow.”
	“And then I took my shirt off in front of you...” she said, pushing her face into her hands, again.  “Oh God,” she groaned. 
	I put my hand on her shoulder, and then rubbed her back some more.  “You couldn’t help it,” I said.  “I’m irresistible.”
	She looked at me and then smiled sadly.  “The thing about you Will, is that you are a dichotomy to me.  You are like a brother to me in one sense, and innocent and good, but in another you’re like this man who is capable of anything, who can turn into a lover, a friend, a brother and a stranger, one minute to the next.” she said.  
	“But mostly, you are a damned good listener.  And it’s a good thing, otherwise I would of punched you in the face tonight for being a man – or fucked you for being a man… Or both… 
	She smiled a little as she looked down at her feet.  “The thing about you is that I always feel like I can tell you anything – like what I just said about fucking you.  And I’ve never told anyone about my dad’s stuff, but I trust you with it.  You just seem to really listen – to think about what I’m saying.  Like you’re analyzing it for me…”  She trailed off, rubbing her face in her hands again.
	I thought about that for a moment.  “When I was a kid,” I said after a moment, “my mom used to take me down to the museum of ‘Old Georgia;’ it was settlor stuff and Indian exhibits.  We’d walk around and see the covered wagons, somebody’s old wedding dress, some Indian arrowheads and carvings...  And it was the carvings that always got me.
	“I would stand and stare at an ancient knife handle, for example, carved from a dogwood branch, something like that.  And I’d be drawn to it; my eyes would focus in the whittling marks, and I remember that I’d be captivated, imagining some Indian’s dirty, sooty hands working over it, so long ago.  As I stared at it I’d wonder what he did that day, what he saw after he got up after working with the knife handle.  I imagined the knife handle bumping against his side as he walked, strapped to his waist.  I couldn’t tear my eyes away.  I kept thinking of all the places that knife had been before ending up in that case in Georgia.
	“My mom would finally look around for me and see me just standing in front of the display case, just staring, motionless, like I was in a trance.”  I looked down at Katie and smiled at the memory.  “She started calling me ‘the professor’ after that.  She said I was always analyzing everything too much.”
	Katie smiled back at me, and she fixed her hair back up in a bun.  “Well I trust you, Professor.  And I’m sorry I called you ‘disgusting’ earlier.” 
	“Don’t apologize,” I said.  “Men can be disgusting.”    
	I watched her for a moment.  “That’s why I ‘care so much,’ as you said – about Alia – because I loved her and I can’t imagine not knowing who did it to her.  I have to know… I have to know.”  
Katie reached over and grabbed my hand.  She squeezed it, her hand still hot and flushed.  “I never told you this, but Ronnie said something about Alia before she was killed, after he saw you with her.  
 I stared at her. `“What did he say?”
“He said she was mixed up in some bad stuff and was probably going to end up dead.  I didn’t think anything of it, just more of his BS I thought, until she did… wind up that way.”   
“Why the hell didn’t you tell me that before?” I asked.  
She shrugged and brushed a strand of blonde hair behind her ear.  “I don’t know…  Maybe I was worried it would start some trouble between you and Ronnie.  I like you guys here; you’re both like my brothers.  Even if Ronnie is trying to sleep with me all the time and I’m making drunken passes at you…”   She smiled at me but I didn’t hear the joke.  My mind was running through all the various possibilities of why Ronnie would have said that.  My thoughts kept returning to Clayton and Jake – Ronnie and Alia and those two where the whole story – I was sure of it.  I just had to put everyone in their proper places that night and it would all come out.  A rush of energy shot through me.  I knew that Ronnie had some things to tell me.
I walked Katie quietly back to her room, and before she slipped into bed she kissed me on the cheek.  “I love you, Will,” she said, “Like a brother – don’t worry.  Find out who killed Alia, for all of us women who have been fucked around by men.”
 Men may be disgusting at time, I thought as I walked back into my room, but women were an enigma, and just as hazardous in their own, secretive, impactful way.  

Thirty


A few more days went by at work as I fell back into the routine of the store once again.  I kept my questions for Ronnie in reserve for the right time when I could question him in private.  I also resolved to visit the diner and keep pressure on Sky until she told me everything she knew about that night.  I hadn’t heard from Greg since out last talk, and I wondered if I ever would again after his last move to get the police file.  I assumed that I was just going to have to carry the torch alone, from now on.
Larry was still grossly hostile towards all of us, continuingly finding fault with our cooking, our stocking, cleaning, or our coming up short or over on the register, even Ronnie got a good share of it now.  None of us knew what was going on with him, but he seemed to be losing his mind.  The vibe of the entire store was seriously off, as Larry created misery wherever he was. For my part, I was unsure how to deal with Ronnie, or what to say, after our talk.  Also, Katie was a little standoffish with everyone in the store since her drunken episode, which still embarrassed her I figured.   Even Phyllis was moody and distant lately, and rarely came downstairs to work in the kitchen anymore.  
One day at lunchtime Thunderbird showed up again.  I was on kitchen duty and Katie was cooking, which normally would mean that we were behind and there’d be a line for food. But this day had been slow, and we were caught up.  
Thunderbird sidled up to the counter with a big grin and said, “Hey Big Will!”  He had on a bright red bandana rolled up into a headband, his long hair flowing down wildly underneath it.  He was otherwise dressed in his usual black t shirt and old shorts.  His thick, hairy calves ended in old and worn leather hiking boots. 
I looked at him and considered that he had the kind of face that always looked like he was smiling, even when he wasn’t.  “Smiling eyes,” one might say. He kind of brought in a sense of endless cheerfulness with him, a kind of buoyancy against a tide of melancholy, which we sorely had been needing in the past few days.
“Hey Thunderbird.” I said, glad to see him  “How you been?”
“Oh just great, Will, just super!  The earth has been smiling on me man, just smiling.”  He said.
“Good.”  I said, not really wanting to get into all the mumbo jumbo with him, but still glad he was there.  “You want something to eat?”  I asked him.
“Nah, man.  Hey I was wondering if you had time to step out in a bit, get outside and do a quick walk about.  I got a few things to tell you.”  He said.
This sounded concerning, and I didn’t really want to get caught up in more of Thunderbird’s spirituality and oddness – I just wasn’t in the mood for it.  But it had been a few days since I had officially done anything in my so-called “investigation,” so I agreed and told him I had a lunch break in an hour.  
“Great!”  He said, and grabbed his small day pack off the counter where he had slung it down.  “I’ll be outside – I got the teepee set up in camp.  Just come and find me!”
He stomped out the door, his long hair flowing in the wind that came through the screen doors.  

When my break came, I went out the front of the store and walked down the gravel road that led through the camps.  I eventually spotted Thunderbird’s teepee, which wasn’t hard because it was taller than other tents and had a bright green pointed top painted on, and I found him sitting in the shade of the tent and talking with some family that had no doubt wandered by.  
He was always talking to someone, it seemed – always engaging someone in conversation.  It was so foreign to me, as someone who often was alone and on my own, to imagine always talking to someone.  But Thunderbird was that way; he needed to be with people, I could see that.  Maybe that was why the council had labeled him their “communicator” – although I still had my doubts about that, and still had a difficult time taking him seriously.  
I still had kept the beaded necklace around my wrist; and I could remember the influence of his statements to me about Alia’s spirit, or at least how it made me feel.  But even the effect of that experience was now wearing a little thin; and all I could really see now was that it had at least started me off on my quest to find her killer, if nothing else.  
So there Thunderbird sat, like a wild, American Buddha, with a fat belly in the shade, gesturing over at the mountains to the family of tourists on their way past his teepee as he spoke.  
When he saw me he wrapped up his conversation and got up heavily from the ground, waving me over.  “Will!  Let’s go buddy.  Let’s take a walk about around the lake.”
I looked over at the lake.  “Ok, but I gotta be back at work in an hour.”
He waved his hand dismissively and started towards the lake path.  Once we got down to the lake, right next to where Alia and I had set off in the canoe, we started trudging along the dry, gravel lake shore path.  We crunched along in silence on for a moment, before he finally spoke.
“So, the council told me that you are in, Will.  You can go to the powwow!” he said.  He said it with a joyful expectation, as if I had been invited to meet the President. 
“They did?” I asked in a lackluster tone.  I was concerned about getting caught up in some weird, spiritual experience with Thunderbird that I may end up regretting.  If he noticed my hesitation, it didn’t change his energy a bit.
“It’s the Blackfoot’s powwow – private!  The Blackfoot Nation gathers in the park every year to honor the spirits and exchange culture.” he said.  “Outsiders are strictly forbidden, Will, but I’ve been telling the council about you and they voted that you can go.”
“Why do you want me to go?” I asked him.
He looked at me with surprise. “So you can settle your spirits.”  He scanned my face.  “I think I can still see her spirit on you, weighing you down.  You still don’t feel right, do you?”  
Had I ever felt right before?  I asked myself.  But I didn’t answer him.
“You can’t carry two spirits.”  He repeating himself from before.  “At least not for long.  It’ll drive you nuts!”  He looked down at my wrist.  “Is that helping?” he asked.  
“I really couldn’t say; what’s it supposed to do?”  I asked him.  
“It’s supposed to calm her down – keep her spirit at peace,” he said.  “It was hers, before it was yours.”  
“She wore it?”  I asked, surprised that he had not told me that before.
He just nodded nonchalantly, and kept walking along the shore with me.  “The council understands that you were with her – the last one with her – before she died.  And so they know you carry her spirit.  We got to let her go – go in peace back to the earth.  We’ll do that at the sweat,” he said.
“The sweat?” I asked.  “As in a sweat lodge?”  
“Uh huh,” he nodded.  “You’re gonna go with us to the sweat; I got permission.”
“Permission from whom?”
“The council,” he said.  “It’s a special honor, Will.”
“Thunderbird,” I said.  “I heard you were the liaison or something for the tribe with the BIA and rangers for the council.”
“Yep,” he nodded emphatically.
“Well, what is going on with her investigation?  Have you heard anything? Do the cops have any suspects?”  
“Oh,” he said breezily, “Officer Olsterman thinks you may have done it.”
I stopped walking and looked at him.  “He told you that?” 
Thunderbird stopped and looked at me with a concerned frown. “I told them you had nothing to do with it, Will, that you had her spirit on you.”
Great.  The idea of Thunderbird talking to cops about me and Alia’s spirit couldn’t do me any good at all.  “Wait…” I said, “when did Olsterman tell you that he thought I did it?”  
Thunderbird waived his hand again, casually.  “Oh, don’t worry about that Will.”  He turned and kept walking, adjusting his day pack on his huge rolling shoulders.  “They aren’t going to do anything – I talked to them.”  
I stood there a moment before answering while Thunderbird walked on.  I looked out across the lake.  The day was beautiful – a long, dark-blue sky was spread over the lake like a smooth sheet of silk, small waves being blown across the water by a breeze underneath.  The mountains reflected in the calmer parts of the water.  Yet again – the ludicrousness of talking about murder suspects, cops, investigations, in such a pristine and wild place struck me.  
However, the fear of being arrested also struck me – and worried me now.  Thunderbird had looked back at me and caught my worried expression as I stared at the lake. 
“Will,” he said with a furrowed brow, “don’t worry.  The BIA can’t solve this anyway – it’s a tribal matter.  We’ll figure it out.”
“When?” I asked.  Better not wait too long, I thought.
He smiled at me.  “Wait until the powwow!  You’ll see what we do there.”
I shook my head in wonder, and caught back up with him on the trail.  “Well, there’s one thing you may have wrong, Thunderbird,” I said, as I resumed walking next to him, “I wasn’t the last one with her before she died – the person who killed her was.”  I looked over to the store and then beyond it to the peak of Rising Wolf.  A dark bank of thunder clouds crept over the summit and began its marching towards the store.  “And Alia’s spirit could be on him then, and, if so, I hope she’s giving him hell.”

We got back to the store soon after that, and I took my leave of Thunderbird, and tried to get back into the swing of things in the kitchen once I’d returned from my break.  Thunderbird had worried me more than encouraged me with his news about the BIA and his getting me an invite to a crazy sweat lodge ceremony; but despite his simpleminded clownishness he was a part of Alia’s life and he could help in that regard, if in no other.
Besides, I thought to myself as I rang up an order for Chef Katie in the kitchen, nobody is what they seem around here anyway.  Not Thunderbird, not Clayton, not Katie, not Larry, not even Greg, whom I hadn’t heard from for days and who had originally seemed so gung-ho to help me out, so driven...  Everyone was a chameleon who only revealed their true sides when faced with trouble – and there was sure plenty of that to go around in this otherwise idyllic paradise.
I switched places that afternoon with Katie so I could cook and just keep to my own thoughts.  She was always glad for any chance to get off the grill, anyway.  After I’d spent a couple of hours cooking burgers, tacos, chicken strips and fries, she stuck her head into the kitchen and said, “You’ve got a call, Will.  Someone from Georgia, they said.”  
Georgia?  The word sounded foreign, spoken by Katie.  The first person I thought of calling me was my father, oddly enough.  I had actually called him and very briefly talked to him a couple of days after arriving in Two Med, just to check in, and then hadn’t heard a thing from him – nor had I particular wanted to.   Probably Scotty, I mused.  Hopefully not in jail or the ER...
I reached for the phone. “Hello?”
“Hey Will…”  It was Holly, that unmistakable light, sweet, angelic voice.  It made my heart seize for a second, and then almost just a quick I felt a clear reluctance to speak to her.
“Holly?”  I said.  “What’s up?  How you doin’?”  
“Oh, I’m good.  I’ve been working like crazy as a teacher’s assistant, and taking a couple classes at night too.  I called the park’s main number and got your location from them.  I just wanted to hear from you… How are you is the question.  How’s that job?  What’s Montana like?”
How could I describe it? I wondered.  I also felt a strong inclination to not describe it –and that I shouldn’t drag that old life of mine into this new one – and even though she was probably the main reason I had finally decided to chuck it all out and move to Montana – the last straw… the breaking point.  I didn’t even want to bring her into my world in Two Med, not even her who had been the love of my life.
“Oh, it’s pretty good,” I said breezily.  “It’s beautiful here – you’d love it.”  I didn’t sound like I had much feeling or conviction, and I knew Holly could hear that in my voice.  She could always detect the slightest feeling in anything I said – she never missed any signals like that.  
“This job is kind of funny,” I continued, as an explanation for my tone.  “Kind of like working in a fast food place and a gift shop at the same time.”
“Really?” she asked.  “I thought you’d be out chopping trees or fighting bears or something.”  
“Ha, yeah…”  There came a lull in the conversation.
“It’s different here,” I said after a moment, still trying to thread together a coherent explanation of my life in Two Med.   “It’s hard to explain…”  I trailed off unsuccessfully.  
“I understand,” she said.  “You’re in a different world now.  I just wanted to see how you were doing, to make sure you were OK.”
“It is really good to hear your voice,” I said, and it was the first time I had said anything with the ring of truth to it, and she could hear it.
“Yours too, Will.”  
  	Another pause.   “When are you coming back?” she asked.  “Are you coming back?  You left so suddenly…”
	“I don’t know,” I said.  “I may work for the park here, over the winter...  Ronnie’s got this connection – Ronnie’s this guy I work with.”
	“Ah.” she said.  “All year, huh?”
	“It’s a possibility…” I said.  I looked down at the leather string and beads on my wrist.  I thought about Alia and everything since. 
“This place…” I began to say on the phone, then stopped.  Better not get into it – it would take an hour to discuss my feeling of “this place.”
	“You sound different,” she said after a moment.  
	“Really?” 
	“Are you ok?” she asked.
	“Sure.” And that was the truth too.  Despite it all, it did feel ok, despite it all, I realized as I spoke with her that I wanted to be in that place more than any other I knew.   “I love it here at times, Holly.  I wake up and it just amazes me that I live out here… in the mountains.  It…. Just feels right to be.”  
	“Good,” she said, sounding a little relieved.  “Well I’m glad I caught you.  I wanted to make sure you were ok.”
	“Yeah, it was good talking to you too,” I said.  Then considering for a second, I asked, “Are you still with Jonathan?”
	A pause.  “Yes.”  
	“Is he good to you?” 
	“Of course he is,” she said.  “But let’s not talk about him, Will.  Let’s not end on that note.  I wanted to hear from you and I knew you wouldn’t call me.”
	“You were right,” I said. “I think, now that you’ve called, that it was a good idea.  I needed to hear from you again – for a proper goodbye, at least.”
	“Then Goodbye, Will,” she said.  “And don’t think I don’t ever want to hear from you – we can still be friends.”
	“I doubt that,” I said, imagining it and not seeing the possibility.  “Never just friends.”
	“Well, if you ever want to talk, give me a call,” she said softly.  “And take care of yourself out there.”
	“Goodbye,” I said.
	“Goodbye Will.”

I hung up and just stood rooted in place by the phone for a minute.  I felt sadness; and I knew after I had hung up that I would probably never talk to her again.  I simply didn’t want to reopen old wounds, and for what?  
How quickly things can change in this world, I thought to myself as I went back to the kitchen and tied my Two Medicine apron back on.  I still had love for her; I could feel it like a cold stone lying dormant inside me as I spoke to her on the phone, slowing warming up and getting close to an awakening.  But the love was of a different kind, now, it was like the love of someone who’s passed away, or so out of reach that they may just as well have passed away.  It was nostalgia, and it was solemn, like a memorial to a past life.
	That was the last time I ever did talk to her.  But I wasn’t done with Georgia, not just yet.  We were getting into mid-summer when I got my call from Holly.   And a short time after that, I got another visitor from the past.

Thirty-One


	I was off on this particular day, but was in the store as it was raining heavily and I didn’t have anywhere else to go.  I was sitting in one of the big rocking chairs that encircled the stone fireplace in the store – where Larry didn’t want customers to “loiter” – and I was whittling a stick into the shape of a bear like I had seen someone do in camp, or trying to – it looked more like a lumpy goat than a grizzly – when I heard someone call out, “Will Benton!”
	I turned to look where the call had come from, and there was Scott himself, smiling at me near the front door, a backpack on his shoulder.  His sandy blonde hair was a bit longer than when I had last seen him, and he seemed, healthier, bolder.  As I stood up, I couldn’t believe what I was seeing – Scott from Georgia, last seen at Coco Joe’s, there, in the store amid the sweatshirts and coffee mugs in Montana, 2000 miles away...  Larry’s bald head poked up from a couple of aisles away and regarded him and me respectively with a suspicious look.
	“Scott!”  I called out to him, smiling, and got up from the chair.  “What the hell are you doing here, man?”  I went up to meet him and we hugged; he laughed and slapped me on the back.  Larry’s bald head slowly ducked back down to whatever he had been doing.  
	“Look at you!” Scott said.  “I thought you’d have a beard down to the floor by now – Grizzly Adams.”  He laughed and looked around the store.  “So this is where you’ve been working?”
	“Yea,” I said, following his gaze.  “This is the place.” I knew how strange it must have looked to him.  “We live upstairs.” 
	“I see, I see.” he said, taking it his surroundings. 
	I felt really pleased to see him, like I’d just found a lost, treasured gift that I didn’t even know I had been missing.  Scott somehow made that new place more real, more legitimate for me when he walked in.  It would have been so different with Holly… if she had shown up it would have completely wrecked the harmony and peace I had found of late.   
“So what’s with the surprise visit?” I asked.  “I don’t here peep from you and then you just walk in here out of the blue?”  
“I didn’t hear a peep outta you!” he said.  “So I had to come make sure you were still alive.”  He explained that he had two weeks to burn and was doing a “mega road trip” across the West, and had decided to make the trip to Glacier. 
	“We got in yesterday and stayed the night at the big lodge down the road.  Brooke’s outside,” he said, meaning his 20-year-old girlfriend. 
	“Ah, you’re still with Brooke, good…  You guys are gonna love the trails around here.  Let me show you around.” 
We retrieved their bags (they had brought the appropriate backpacks to the park); and we retrieved Brooke, who had been taking pictures of the lake, and then I showed them around the store.  
Ronnie saw us and wandered over and said “hi.”  He kept gawking at Brooke, and I got us away from him quickly and went back to the kitchen.   Katie was friendly, at least, and offered them some shakes she was making.  Later on Larry came back to the store, and I introduced them to him, and even that grumpy bastard managed a smile – more tourist dollars to be spent in the store he probably figured.  But that was Scott all around; he just had an energy and positivity that brought a smile to the face.  He was always good company.

They had arranged for a campsite nearby, and had a new tent that they planned on finally breaking in that night.  I couldn’t think of the last time Scott had ever camped, but then again he now looked like he could handle the outdoors better than before.  In fact, he looked a lot different.  His face was unblemished, his ears were clearer, and his overall figure was solid and healthy looking.
	I told him as much as we settled into a table in the snack bar area of the store.  He nodded like he expected the comment.  “I cleaned up, Will,” he said.  “Been completely sober now – 29 days.”
	“And Brooke here’s been my savior,” he continued.  “She got me into yoga and meditation, and it’s allowed me to really reach some strength that I needed, inner strength.”  He looked over at Brooke.
	“He’s really been doing great, Will,” she said, her blue eyes sparkling under her mass of black hair held back with a headband.  “He’s got a new sales job with Verizon, and he’s working out again.”
	“Glad to hear it – very glad.” I said, and I meant it.  Scott’s fate was still a concern for me, whether I was conscious of it from day to day or not. “What do you think finally brought this all on?”  
	“Well,” Scott said, “honestly?  You did.”
I rolled my eyes in disbelief.  
“No, really,” he protested.  “When you up and left and went after this crazy idea – your dream – and left it all behind like you did, at first I thought you had some kind of breakdown…  But when I realized why you did it: you had reached a breaking point, and you had to find a change.  You inspired me to leave my shit behind and start over again, too.  
He took a sip of his shake, and then shook his head.  “It was a big risk for you to come out here – I know you don’t have any safety net to land on… So I decided to go without the safety net too.”  
	I shook my head.  “I don’t know about that.  You had it in you to break those habits man, you didn’t need me moving to Montana to get there.”
	“No, I did,” he said, with a frown.  “I’d tried cleaning up a dozen times before – you know that.  But I think,” he put his hand out and holding Brooke’s, “that when you up and got a new life out here I had to get a new life too – that or just get busy dying.  It’s nothing complicated man; sometimes it’s as simple as following the lead of your best friend.”
	He nodded at me for a moment, with a serious expression on his face.  So, in a way, that’s two times you’ve saved my life.”	

We talked for about an hour there in the snack area, and I made them some sandwiches for their lunch at camp.  I showed them the rooms upstairs on our side; and I took them outside and pointed out the mountains and the various trails you could see around the lake.  I felt an irrational but very personal pride in showing off the rugged beauty that had become the backdrop of my daily life; and I described the terrain with the pride of a land baron looking over his vast acreage.   
They eventually left to set up their campsite after the rain stopped; and after finishing up work I got to their camp site later and found a fire already blazing with some fold-out chairs stationed around it.  Behind the chairs was their rental car and I saw their big tent set up nearby.
	“There he is,” Scott called out when he spotted me.  “Just in time for desert!”  
Scott gestured over to Brooke who was concentrating on a marshmallow stuck onto the end of a coat hanger she carefully held over the fire.  He tossed the bag of marshmallows in my lap after I sat down in one of the chairs.
	“Don’t mind if I do,” I said, untwisting one of the hangers lying by the fire.
	“So I’ve been wondering…” Scott said.  “What’s it actually like living here?  What’s a typical day like?”
	It was a little unsettling listening to him, only because I wasn’t used to his voice being so clear and straightforward.  I had gotten so unconsciously used to hearing just a shadow of that person over the years, always buried under stress, fatigue and chemical inducements over the years.  Now he was a different person.  He was so often, in the past, either drunk or almost there, or on some pills, or snorting coke, that he was always compromised in some way or another, in speaking or even just physically moving about.  Here he was though, in the evening, in front of me, as sober as a man can get.  It was a bit strange, but completely refreshing.
	“Well,” I thought for a moment, “it’s complicated..”
	Scott and Brooke both looked at me, and I waived a hand dismissively, the other hand slowly rotating the marshmallow hanger, getting a nice browning on each side.  “It’s just that it’s a lot to take in.  I mean it’s beautiful up here, of course; but it’s a strange place to live.”
	“I bet,” Scott said, looking out past me at the mountains barely visible in the cloudy moonlight.  “I still can’t believe you actually live out here.”
	“Are you lonely?” Brooke asked.
I thought for a moment.  “Sometimes, yeah.  But I was in Georgia, too.”  I smiled at her and removed the melting marshmallow with two fingers, and then popped it in my mouth.  
“I have met some folks up here.”  I hesitated yet again as I sensed the conversation possibly heading to Alia’s death.   Why did I resist it? To Scott, of all people?   
	“I bet,” Scott said again. 
	“But are the people here nice?” Brooke asked.
“Yea, there’s some good people here…”  Then I figured what the hell?  If I couldn’t tell a guy like Scott about Alia, a guy who I trusted the most in the world, then who could I tell?   
“There was this girl... too.” 
 “Ahh, of course,” he said, grinning, apparently taking my meaning wrong.  “You replaced Holly already?”
“No, nothing like that.  This girl was special, man, and her name was ‘Alia.’”
“Alia.” Scott tried the name on for size, saying it slowly.  “I like that.”
“Was?” Brooke asked, always one to pick up on important details, as women so often can.  “Where’d she go?” 
 “She didn’t go anywhere.  She’s dead.”
They both stared at me for a moment.  
“Dead?”  Scott finally broke the silence.  “You didn’t kill her, did you?” he said, with a smirk.
“No… But the local cop in charge thinks maybe I did, now that you mention it.”  
“What?”  Scott asked, his smile fading.  “The cops think you killed somebody?”
I sighed, it was too much – this is why I avoided talking about it.  “I don’t know, man.” I shook my head. “I really don't know anymore. I’ve been running around since she died trying to find out what happened to her, and all I've learned is that nobody aside from a couple of people know anything more than I do.  Nobody cares.”
I then told them the whole story, from the first time Alia came into the store with her friends to the visit to Clayton’s and my talk with the old neighbor lady.  I found, however, that once I got over the initial hesitancy, it felt good to tell Scott, someone I trusted, the whole tale.  Here was someone who wouldn’t judge Alia because he wasn’t prejudiced against Browning like others.  Here was someone who had known me for years, and someone who could actually see the whole thing from my angle.
 “This whole thing,” Scott said, shaking his head after I was done, “it sounds like it has taken over your life here, buddy.”
“You think so?” I asked.
“I wonder,” Brooke interjected, “what would your life be like if that hadn’t of happened – if she hadn’t had met you?”
I wasn’t sure I could even picture that.  What would it be like if I had never met Alia at all?  Just working the store, hiking around the mountains, hanging out with Ronnie and his steady harem of hook ups, maybe even hooking up with Katie, which would have been a mistake, but, overall just existing and living.  
 “I can't even imagine,” I said.
Scott said he understood, and after I had answered some of his and Brooke’s questions about the murder and what I had found out – which didn’t take long – Scott went on to tell me about things back home.
“You know that magazine you worked for shut down,” he said, causally.
“It did?” I was shocked.
“Yeah, it was taken over by Garrett Publishing; and they moved the operation out to California.”
I assumed Linda and John Jeffries must have been let go then; companies didn’t usually relocated editorial staff – too easily replaced. 
“I guess you got out while the gettin’ was good,” Scott mused.
“How did you know about the magazine folding?” I asked.
Scott and Brooke looked at each other as if sharing a secret. “Well,” he said, “thing is, Brooke and I are moving out to Cali soon… as a matter of fact.” 
 "California?” I asked.  “You are?” 
“To LA, actually, and I saw some news about the magazine opening up there in some trade publications that I’ve been scanning for ad sales jobs.”
  I looked at Brooke.  “What are you gonna do, Brooke, what about school?"
She shrugged. “Just get back into school out there. I’m thinking about transferring into film school, actually.”
Jesus... Scott not in Georgia pretty much changed Georgia for me for good.
As if reading my thoughts, which he had always been able to do even in his boozy past, Scott said, “You’re better out of Atlanta, Will.  The whole scene is a sewer.”
He crunched an empty coke can and tossed it into the fire.  “That’s sort of why we’re out here.  We’re going to visit LA for a few weeks, get acclimated, look for a place to live; and we thought we’d drive out and see you on the way.”
I nodded, staring into the flames, processing it all.  The end of the summer had just taken on a new color, a different shade.  As I sat there I realized that I had always subconsciously knew, worse comes to worse, that I could just return to my old life in Atlanta if I absolutely had to, if I didn't end up getting some job in the winter.  Now moving back seemed impossibility. 
Who would I have there anymore?  
“You know Will,” Scott said, staring into the fire.  “You’re really out here, doing it man, whatever the hell you like – just like the Bandit.”  He smiled at me and then looked over at Brooke. 
“And I think that's why we were able to finish things in Atlanta, it was just time, man.  You leaving was the last straw.  It was past time, really.  I had reached a breaking point, just like you.  I just looked at Brooke and asked her to go, outta nowhere I asked her.  And you know what she said?  She said: ‘No fucking way!’”  He laughed.  “It took some convincing...”
“My parents are still horrified,” Brooke said.
I nodded sagely, and looked at Scott.  “You should of asked her: ‘Haven’t you ever done anything just for the hell of it?’” 
Under the sky which soon cleared of dark clouds and revealed a star-pregnant vault, we sat and laughed and talked and ate marshmallows, and it was the most enjoyable night I had yet experienced in Two Med.

Thirty-Two


After eventually taking leave of Scott and Brook and making plans to see them the next day before they left, I returned to the store around 10 p.m.  I noticed, as I walked up to the rear porch to enter in through the kitchen’s back door, that all the lights inside were still on, which was unusual at that hour. 
I stepped in through the screen door quietly, and was greeted with a weird scene.  Larry was sitting by himself at the big kitchen table, with nothing in front of him but a bottle of Wild Turkey whiskey (which we sold in the store) and a glass, full almost to the brim, with the smooth, brown swill.  He had taken off his glasses and I saw that his face looked much different without them on, partly because his eyes were much smaller without the coke-bottle lenses, and made him look kind of like a large, puffy mole. But it was looked strange too because he was not a frequent drinker, and the whisky had made his face saggy and bright red – as it can to rookies. 
I walked in cautiously, and looked past him into the store to see if anyone else was around – no one was.  “You ok, Larry?”
He looked up at me darkly, seemingly trying to focus his beady eyes on me.  He didn't respond but reached down and put on his big glasses again, and then looked down at his glass, as if silently pondering whether to take another drink.   
I watched him with a concerned curiosity.  Given his increasingly erratic antagonism of late, I wondered if he had finally gone off the deep end, and would maybe try to kill us all in some drunken frenzy.  This remote store was just the kind of setting for something that, wasn’t it? 
I quietly went over to the large fridge to get some water, giving his smoldering and silent presence a wide berth, like you would a sick bear.  
When he suddenly spoke, his voice sounded lower, gravelly, like he hadn't spoken in years and had just picked it up the habit again.  “When I was a lumberjack in Alaska, up in the Yuke’, they used to always give me the toughest jobs to do.”
 He sluggishly took a small sip from his whiskey glass.  It stood by the fridge, holding the handle, watching him.  If it was another lumberjack story, it was certainly sounding different that all the others he has brayed about that summer.  
“I could down a two-foot cedar tree in three cuts.”  He paused, nodded his head slowly three times, as if reliving the vigorous ax-swinging in his mind.  He took another sip of the whiskey.
“Three Cuts,” he murmured.  “That’s what they used to call me.  Used to always give me the roughest jobs, the toughest woods.  We had a competition… who could fell a tree in three cuts…”  
Suddenly he raised his voice, and it was jarring to hear him heave out the ragged, slurred words in the quiet kitchen.  “Three Cuts!’ they used to call me,” he shouted.  “Large truck fouled in the brush?  ‘Three Cuts?!’  Chainsaw fouled fifty feet up in the air in the canopy?  ‘Where’s Three Cuts?!’  Stump won't budge with the backhoe?  Three Cuts!’”  
He raised his head up to the ceiling and uttered his last cry with vehemence, and then his face broke into a tragic and gnarled smile, with tears in his eyes.  He chuckled to himself crazily and took another sip.  I heard his bedroom door open from the other side of the store, and I could hear Phyllis’ hesitant steps down the creaky staircase.   This was what that poor woman had to deal with, I thought.
Larry looked back down at his glass, then at me. “You don't know what life is like.  Not yet…  You don't understand what my life is like.”   
He trailed off as Phyllis came into the kitchen, a stricken look on her face turning into a fresh fear as she saw the half-empty bottle. 
“Oh my dear! What happened?”  She sounded so mournful that it seemed to jar Larry back into the moment, as if arousing the last wisp of take-charge blustering that Larry could muster.  The man-in-charge-from-Kansas reemerged, and roused the drunken man and drunkenly rose to his feet.
“Nothing’s happening,” he grunted.  “Just making sure Will locked up tonight.  Lock up, Will.”  He staggered back and then caught himself in the doorway leading out of the kitchen. Phyllis glanced at me with a worried expression, but didn’t say a word.   
My last view of Larry that evening was his bulky form walking unsteadily with his arm over little Phyllis’ shoulders, as she stepped slowly and awkwardly under his weight towards their room.
	“So much for ‘Three Cuts,’” I whispered to myself.  I switched off the lights and headed to bed.	 

Thirty-Three


The next morning I woke up and went downstairs to get the kitchen prepped for the day’s customers.  After a little while, Scott and Brooke came in and sat at one of the tables for customers in the snack shop area.  They spread out a very European-looking early lunch: a loaf of French bread sliced in small pieces, with grapes, cheese and crackers.   Brooke was drinking a dark red wine and Scott was sipping Coke.  
Ronnie was on cooking duty with me on the cash register, so I was able to sit with them a while as I watched for customers that late morning.  The sun was streaming through the large skylight overhead, stabbing down through the dusty air of the store onto the concrete floor.  As I sat with them at the table, I watched through one of the large windows the clouds roll over the lake and push up against the peak of Mount Sinopah like smoke from a fire.
	Scott and Brooke planned on hiking up one of the higher trails that afternoon, and I decided to go with them.  It wasn’t easy since it left Ronnie on his own, but I asked Phyllis to help me out, explaining that I had friends from out of town, and she agreed.  It still wouldn’t have worked if Larry had been downstairs, but he hadn’t come out of his room that day yet at all, and I knew why.  He was surely feeling the whiskey and hunkering in bed, partly out of shame I was sure.
	Soon, the three of us, Scott, Brooke and I, were crunching along a rocky dirt path up through the trees near the lake.  After some time we eventually climbed into the higher parts of the trail.  As we climbed even higher, the trees began thinning out and the patches of flowers and grass grew thicker in the spread out places, where sunlight reached them more.  We were bathed in heavy, warm sunshine, actually, during our hike, and within an hour we were high enough to see the entire lake, with a miniature store resting at the far end opposite of our side.
	As we stood there and took in the view, Scott looked around and suddenly noticed a patch of brown in the distance behind us, way up in the higher, treeless, rock-strewn sides of the mountain.  
	“Bear!” he called out, just shouting the one word and pointing up at the small brown patch.
	Brooke and I turned around and shielding the sun from our eyes with our hands tried to spot the beast.  I had seen a couple of bears before during the summer there – it wasn’t hard to notice them because a crowd of campers and tourists would inevitably gather down by the lake or by the store and start pointing way up into the hills at a tiny speck of brown.  Some eagle-eyed patron would first spot it, and then slowly a crowd would form to watch the oblivious bear meander around high above.   
	Larry mounted a telescope onto the back porch of the store earlier in the summer, and we used to watch the bears from that too.  The bears I saw were always alone, a single bear now and then and always very, very far off.  I never saw them come down near the store, despite all the food and garbage stowed away near the kitchen.  But even so far, just brown patches on the hillsides, they were grizzlies, and that was special.  
	As I stood there squinting besides Scott, I thought I could detect movement from the brown spot, now probably about thousand feet away.  Often, bear sightings were just rocks or dead pine boughs matching the cinnamon color of the grizzlies and moving in the shimmer of heat; but this looked like the real deal to me.  
	“I’m going up for a closer look,” Scott suddenly announced.  “Who’s with me?”  He fumbled in his pack and brought out a camera, looking at Brooke and me with eyebrows raised.  
	“Are you serious?” Brooke asked, squinting up at the bear. “Is it safe, Will?”
	“No,’ I said.  “But he can get up closer and not really cause any trouble.  It’s so far off it’ll be ok.”  I set my pack down and sat in front of it, resting my feet out in front of me.  “Bears usually high-tail it when they see humans coming, anyhow.” 
	“Some mountain man you are,” Scott said sarcastically, and began tromping up the slope, walking perpendicular from the path.  He stepped around tall grass tufts and the thick huckleberry bushes that dotted the area – “bushwhacking” his way up the slope.
	After a minute of watching him, Brooke sat down beside me and took a deep breath, taking in our view.  The lake was a deep cobalt blue, and a small boat was cutting through the very middle of it, leaving being a perfect, white, V-shaped wake.  	Brooke’s dark hair was lit by the sun and moved in the breeze that brought with it the smell of warmed earth and sugary flowers.  
	She scanned me with a thoughtful expression. “You seem different, Will.”
	“How so?”  
	She nodded and studied me, as if assuring herself.  “You’re more serious, quieter, but somehow… I don’t know…. More steady.”
	I looked back out over the lake, and then across it to the mountains stretching into the hazy distance.  	“Steady...” I mused over the word.  It was an odd term and I wasn’t sure if it fit me.  
	The sun warmed our backs as we heard Scott tramping up the hill behind us.  I turned my head and looked back up the slope and saw him standing next to a boulder, resting his camera on it to steady his shots of the bear, which had already moved off away from us towards the far side of the slope.
	Brooke suddenly reached over and felt the beads wrapped around my wrist.   She didn’t ask about it, and I liked that.  Brooke had always been a thinker rather than a “sayer.”  She viewed the world through her own lenses, I had learned, and she made internal notes as to what she saw.  I liked her because she made sense of things around her before speaking about them. 
	She let her hand drop from her eyes and looked at me.  “Scott wasn’t sure we should come visit you on our drive out to Cali.  He said you might not want us here.”
	“Really?”  I looked back and watched him in the distance.  “Actually I’m really glad he came, and you too – you’re both like family to me.  And family is the one thing missing.”  
	“I know, Scott says you’re his brother.  But I think he was talking about you being out here in the wilderness, and that you may not want us up here ruining it – you know, reminding you of the past – Georgia and everything.”
	“The past can’t ruin this place,” I shook my head.  “It’s too much a place of its own.”  
	I looked at Brooke, trying to put my feeling into words.  “There’s a… uniqueness to this place, Brooke – maybe you see it, a savage beauty… that I’ve never seen elsewhere.  I like the hugeness and… permanence of the mountains, immovable, you know?  And I like the strangeness of living and working in that store – believe it or not.”
		I thought further beyond Two Med, to the oddness of the tourists, to Browning, to the pride and also hopelessness of some of the Blackfoot, to the strip club, VFW and cops.
	“It does seem to be unique.”  Brook said, interrupting my thoughts.  “But what about this Alia girl, Will?  You said you fell for her and she then was killed up here.  Didn’t that change it for you?”
	“Alia?”  I said back to Brooke, at her face hidden in shadow behind the sun.  “She actually defined this place for me.  She made it more real than any…. than any mountain or town.”  
	I pictured Alia walking up to me along the rocky lake shore when I was fishing in a cloud of mosquitoes.  “She was actually all those things combined, now that I think about it – beautiful, strange, sad, proud… and savage and desperate too.”
		 Brooke nodded.  “I told you that you seem different, and now I think maybe it was because of her.  She’s done something to you, I think?”
	I glanced at Brooke for a second but then looked away back over the lake.  “I think so.”
	“You’re mourning her,” Brooke said, with a darker look on her face.  “You’re in mourning, and it’s made you rooted in this place, Will.  I think it’s given you a purpose – a reason to stay here.  You were never rooted before.”
	I looked back at Brooke with a scowl; I felt like she was now intruding into a world in which she didn’t belong – she hadn’t paid the toll to be able to talk about Alia’s effects on this world.”
	But Brooke was undaunted, she was always a brave one.  She just smiled knowingly at me.  “Don’t act like you don’t understand what I mean, Will, I know you do.  Just think about it.  We don’t have to talk about it anymore.  I just wanted to figure out what was different about you.”
	“Of course I’m mourning her, but that hasn’t improved me in any way.”  I said grumpily.  “It just about ruined me.”
	“No, it gave you roots.”  Brooke picked up a small purple blossom of flowers and twirled it thoughtfully under her nose.  “You know about my brother Nick, the one who died?”
	I did, Scott had told me about it.  Nick was a troubled guy, a little older than Brooke.  He had always battled a drug addiction and he was bi-polar; and I had always figured that was what had drew her to Scott initially – he and her brother were a lot alike.  But her brother Nick had simply disappeared from their home one day in Marietta, Georgia, two years ago, and not a word was heard about him for all that time.  Not until one day when police all the way in Athens, Georgia called to say that they had identified a body as being Nick, and that someone had to come down to identify and claim him.  Scott had gone with Brooke to view the body.   
	“Well maybe you know,” she said, her voice sounding a little strained, “that he drowned in a shallow ditch full of water, next to the highway near Athens – not too far from town.  Nothing else around, just his body in this ditch.  Nobody knew anything about the circumstances of why he was there, why he had gone that far, and what he was even doing out there to begin with.
	“The point is,” she said, looking back at me, “is that not knowing is worse than knowing when it’s someone you loved.  A mystery to others becomes a… a haunting fixation to you.  I know, and that’s what I can see on you too, despite the fact that you seem more… rooted.  Something is eating at you too, and I know that feeling, that look.”  
	She suddenly reached over and gave me a hug, leaning into me.  I was surprised, but I put my hand on the back of her head and my arm around her back.  She was warm and smelled sweet, and it actually felt good to have her hold me.  I looked up the slope and saw Scott was heading back down.
	“If you can, you should find her, Will,” Brooke said with urgency as she hugged me.  “Find out what happened to her.  You’re lucky because you’re here, close to it, and you know this world.  I’ll never know what happened to Nick, but you can find out about Alia.”  

I heard Scott crunching through the brush above us.  He was sweating and flushed, but was beaming with pride.  After Brooke and I got up and stretched ourselves, Scott showed us his pictures of the bear, grinning as proudly as if he had shot it and had it mounted in his den as a trophy.  Even with his zoom fully extended, the bear was still the size of a pea, but it was wild, and a Grizzly, and that was special.  
	The rest of the hike was strenuous and it got very hot, but it felt good to sweat in that clean air and pure sunshine – it was a clean sweat.  The flies and bees left us alone at that elevation, right above the tree line, but I could see bees below us down the hill in the sunshine,  buzzing lazily in the patches of flowers.  
	I thought a lot about Brooke’s words as we hiked along; and I hoped in a way that she wasn’t right about me having to find out about what happened to Alia – because even though I wanted to more than anything at that moment, I knew that if I somehow didn’t find out, that I’d be suffering from a “haunted fixation” for the rest of my life.  
	But maybe she had it right.  I wished Brooke was staying longer so I could talk to her more about things, to get her thoughts on my life.  She was a rare treasure and I was a little envious of what Scott had, but I was glad for him all the same.
	Later than afternoon we returned, exhausted but with that special kind of peaceful relaxation from being out in the sun all day.  I saw them to their campsite but didn’t stay long; and despite my thoughts going over and over what Brooke had said, I slept more soundly that night than I had in a very long time.
Thirty-Four


I came by the camp after they had packed up their stuff.  All of their junk was shoved into the car they had, and they were all set to go.  
As I said my goodbyes, Brooke hugged me and kissed me on the cheek, slipping me a knowing expression as she got into the car.   Scott, sporting the beginning of a scruffy beard and looking as healthy and whole as I’ve ever seen him, gave me a big bear hug.  
“This mountain air is doing you good,” I said to him.
He smiled at me broadly.  “Take care of yourself, Will.  Don’t do anything I wouldn’t do.”  
“I don’t know what you would do, anymore.  You’re a new man.” 
He laughed and looked past me at the mountains in the distance.  “Just a new chapter, buddy.”  
“So you’re off to California now?” I asked.
“Yea,” he said.  “By way of Utah, Nevada.  Gonna take our time.”  
“Take care of yourself, Scott,” I said, and with that, he got into his car and drove away from the campsite.

After getting back to the store that night, I had a note from Phyllis that Greg had stopped by and left a message for me to call him.  I stared at the note, feeling Brooke’s words resonating in me about finishing this mission to the end, finding out who killed Alia.  I decided then and there to recruit, all over again, and once and for all, the one person who I knew would help me – the Khaki Kop himself.   Instead of calling him, I would just go and confront him at his house – rejuvenated that energy that was so fleeting within him, but that buoyed me along with him nonetheless. 
I got to Greg's house late that night, around 10 pm.  It didn't look like any lights were on in his house, and I felt like a trespasser walking up to his door.  I remembered he had a back deck and I walked past the front of the house and around the yard to the back.  A single porch light shone down and I saw him sitting at a little black rod-iron table.  As I walked up I saw he was writing on a legal pad, and when he looked up at me he flipped the pad over on its front.   
“Speak of the devil,” he said, regarding me with a studied frown.  
“The devil? That doesn’t sound encouraging.” I sat down at the little table, across from him, and looked down at his pad.  “What you working on?”   
“It can wait.  I need to talk to you.”  He sat back in his chair and crossed his arms.  “I think I know who killed Alia.”
His words hit me like a punch in the face, and my breathing stopped.  “Who?”
“Before I get to that, let me ask you something.  Are you planning on going to the Blackfoot powwow?”
“The powwow?”  It took me a moment to get on track with what he was asking.  “Yea, I guess…”
“Who invited you?”
“Thunderbird, actually.  He said the council approved it or something like that.”  
Greg nodded.  “So Clayton didn't ask you?”
“Clayton? Of course not.”
“You didn't see him recently – at his house?”  Greg looked concerned, and unfolded his arms, leaning forward.  “That house is watched, Will,” he said in a quieter voice, “and it's known that you have been there.” 
“Watched by whom?”  
He didn't answer.  I sat back, looking at him doubtfully, “What has any of this have to do with who killed Alia?”
“There's a lot of people talking about you out there.”  Greg nodded his head in the general direction of Browning.  “And you got some attention of law enforcement too.”
I snorted dismissively.  “Who? Officer Olsterman?”  
“There are more entities than the BIA’s office watching things in Browning, Will,” he said gravely.  “Because of our position, the rangers are advised about certain criminal developments, and, my friend, your name has come up.”  
“Come up how?” I felt a cold sinking fear in my chest.  “Stop speaking so cryptically; just tell me what the fuck is going on, Greg.”
“There's suspicion that a major drug-running deal is going through Browning and that someone at Two Med is involved.  You are suspected as being a part of running the drugs.”
“Out here? At the store?”  I laughed.  “Who is saying all this?  Who is here besides the BIA?”
“DEA.  And not for the first time.  There’s been drug issues in Browning in the past; and there’s been a pipeline of drugs coming through here from Canada for decades.  The BIA is just the boots on the ground for larger entities.
“I don’t get the connection with Two Medicine, though,” Greg continued.  “Who would be helping to transfer drugs around from Two Med?  Ronnie?”  
“Could be,” I said, but internally I felt like it was a definite fact.   
“Jesus,” I said after thinking it over, “I don't hear from you for two weeks and suddenly you pop up with all this out of nowhere?  I didn’t even think you were involved anymore.”
Greg just stared back at me.  I sat thinking for a moment, processing everything he had said.  Watching the house, drugs, murder, cops.   I could not believe it was real.
“Why’d you go see Clayton?”  Greg asked.
“No,” I said, after thinking for a moment.  I looked up at him and shook my head.  “No more questions, Greg.  Stop acting like a fucking cop; and act like my friend.”  I said.
“Tell me who killed her or just leave me out of it and stop freaking me out.”  I said.  “ I don’t care about the rest of that shit.”
“Clayton… or Jake,” Greg said.
“Clayton or Jake?”
“Look Will, a lot gets filtered out by the time things reach the Rangers.  And we were only notified about things because somebody is fingering an employee of Two Med as being involved in drug delivery – that’s the only reason we even know anything about it.”
Greg shook his head at me.  “You cannot repeat any of this to anyone, but Clayton and Jake are supposedly planning, or involved in, a major drug-running trip over Canada’s border.  These kind of over-the-border deliveries attract a lot of attention from federal law enforcement, and I think Clayton and Jake know it, and that somehow Alia got in the way and they got desperate.”
“So you think they killed her because she was going to mess up their big deal?”
“One or both,” Greg nodded. “Yea.”
“Which is why you’re worried about me, now,” I said.
“That and the Two Med connection with Canada… that’s what’s stirring things up so much in Browning lately.  The cops and who knows who else were watching Clayton because of the drugs, and then this grisly murder happens.”
I tried to picture Clayton and Jake beating Alia to death in the woods.  Questions arose immediately, however.  Why was she killed like that if Clayton and Jake were trying to keep a low profile?  And why the lack of footprints and the weird location?   And why like end it like that, leaving a body lying there beaten?   It still didn’t make any sense to me.  
“It has always looked to me more like a sudden act of rage – a ‘crime of passion.’”  I said, sitting back in my chair and running my hands over my face.  “But with the strange placing of the body, the footprints, it looks planned-out.”
I thought back to my visit to Clayton’s house, how he had told me of his campaigns and intentions to clear his family name.  I had believed him; he seemed honest, if not somewhat unfriendly.   Was I suckered?  And if so, was Sky duping me the same?  How is she involved in this?
“I don’t even know what to say,” I said shaking my head.  I looked up at Greg.  “So what do we do now?”  
“We don’t do anything.”  Greg flipped over the legal pad.  He had written a lot on the first page, filling up the entire front side.  
“I was actually writing a statement of everything I know on Clayton, Jake, and even Alia – not much on her, though.”  He stared down at the legal pad and then looked up at me again, as if suddenly remembering something.  “The reason I wanted to talk to you tonight, Will, is make sure you don’t go to the powwow, not now.”
“Why not?”
Greg looked at me dubiously, “Because you are in danger, obviously.  Haven’t you processed yet what I just told you?”
“Clayton?”  I asked.  
“Clayton and Jake are heavily involved in tribal matters; and I’m sure they'll be there this year with all the talk that’s out there.  And they have friends in the tribe, Will, strong friends.”
I sat back and remembered Thunderbird’s insistence that I go, and with a shock I wondered if his whole act had been a farce and if even lovable, harmless, Teddy-bear-like Thunderbird was in on the deal with Clayton and Jake too.  The entire town seemed altered now, even Two Med did, as if I was seeing them through a new lense.  
Greg saw my worried expression, and tried to reassure me.  “Look, Will, you’re safe if you stick around here – the store.  But there’s a lot going on in Browning I don’t know, like I said.  Suffice it to say, Browning is off limits for you right now – a bad place to be caught in.  Between the cops, rangers, Indians and locals, your name, right or wrong, has gotten around in connection with Alia and murder and Clayton and drugs… basically everything that is wrong in Browning…  You’ve got to stay away.  For good.
“In fact,” he continued, “If you really want to play it safe, you should leave Montana, immediately.”
Leave? The thought seemed implausible, even with all that was going on.  And go where?  Atlanta?  Georgia seemed as foreign to me now as Montana had seemed in Georgia that morning in the bar with Scott.  I shook my head, “I still can't believe this is happening.”
“You’re in danger, Will, there’s no denying it.”  Greg looked past me out over the dark lawn that led into the trees.  “Glacier is still a wild place.”
“No,” I said, forcing a decision in my mind after considering for a moment. “That’s what Clayton wants, for me to skip town and take the blame for Alia with me.  Clayton and Jake don't want me arrested; they know I didn’t do it to Alia and that I’m not involved in drug deals.   No… they want me scared, and gone, leaving me looking all the more guilty.” 
I stood up and looked down at Greg.  The unfairness of what had happened to sweet little Alia, the ridiculousness of what was going on now, all burned within me now with a smoldering, stubborn resentment.  “I am going to that fucking powwow, for Alia – because of her; and I’m going to tell Clayton and Jake and anybody else who asks that I loved her, and that she deserved better that she got – I’ll tell anyone who wants to know.  
“I’ll tell the whole fucking tribe that she was a beautiful little girl who was beaten down and left in the dirt for dead… She was a part of their tribe – she was one of them.  And I’m the only one who gives a fuck.”
I turned and walked back towards the path at the side of the house, but Greg called over to me.  “Wait, Will.”  
I turned around and watched him get up from his table.  “Then I’m coming with you.”  
I started to object but he held up a hand and stopped me.  “I may be just a ranger,” he smiled sarcastically, “but the powwow is on park land every year, so it’s in my jurisdiction.  Even my supervisor can’t argue with that.”  
I shrugged, and started walking back.  “Just leave the uniform at home this time, though.”


Thirty-Five


I thought I wouldn’t be able to sleep a wink when I got in bed later that night.  But after staring up at the wooden ceiling for a while and thinking about what Greg had said about Alia’s death, about her killers, about my name being involved with narcotics investigations, I soon felt a heavy fatigue that almost forcibly drifted me into a deep sleep.
The next day was a Friday, and the following day was the big powwow.  My shift on Friday had me at the cash register in the gift area, and Larry, unfortunately, was back, and it made for an awkward few hours with his embarrassment over being drunk in front of me evident enough on his face.   He didn't speak much to anyone, but stood at the counter near me, typing heavily on a laptop keyboard he sometimes used to track the stock and sales.  He would reach back and scratch his bald stubbly head with the easer end of a pencil and then go back to stabbing at the keyboard in heavy strokes.  
We were very busy and so I didn't have much down time to converse with him anyway.  I was ringing people up non-stop, or getting the shelves restocked here and there and answering the random tourist questions.  A huge line had formed at the snack bar due to Katie being the chef, and Larry eventually got back there with Phyllis and to bail her out.   Larry ended up kicking her out and she wandered up to help me at the register.
Katie told me as we worked that there was another bonfire at the main lodge that night, and the she was planning on going – Ronnie had told her about it.  Even she was getting a little restless, apparently.  I thought it odd that Ronnie hadn’t told me about it himself, but she asked me to go and I told her I was down for it.  By the time the store was locked up and closed down, were had planned for all three of us go together.  
Once again Katie and I piled into Ronnie's car and we drove down the road towards the main lodge.  The night was clear and I could see millions of stars already lining the black dome of the sky.  I sat in the front seat and Ronnie drove quickly in the dark; his headlights always seemed too dim for the dark roads and on this night even more so.
He was blasting Van Halen and had it up so loud that we couldn’t have carried on a conversation if we wanted to.  But with the volume turned up a little too loud, Ronnie’s grim demeanor as he drove, a cigarette stuck in his frowning mouth, and Katie’s worried expression as she watched the two of us, a definite sense of coldness had grown in the vehicle into elephantine size by the time we arrived at the lodge.  By the time the car came to a stop, I was glad to get out and get a little fresh little air.  

The lodge still struck me as an odd-looking, out-of-place monstrosity – all lit up like an airport, floor after floor of Swiss-looking windows and awnings that struck out peculiarly from the dark forest surrounding it.  
The staffers already had a large bonfire roaring in the back; and I saw that there were more people around than at the last bonfire.  I spotted Cowboy again sitting on his truck bed and providing the music for the evening from the stereo in the truck’s cab.  I wondered as I watched him how his summer had gone so far, in contrast to mine…  The last bonfire I had gone to at the lodge seemed years ago.  The cowboy had a cute redhead sitting next to him, and after staring for a second I recognized that it was Bridget herself.   She saw Ronnie and I and waived over to us, and then put an arm around Cowboy, sending an obvious signal to Ronnie.   Neither Ronnie nor the Cowboy seemed to notice, however.
Ronnie and I walked with Katie in tow through the margins of the crowd, and we were quickly spotted by Jamie who called us over to a group of people near the fire.  I could feel its heat from thirty feet away, and as we sat down with Jamie the fire blasted out steady warmth that made the air further away seem cold and autumn-like in comparison – even in late summer.
I recognized a frantic scratching and muffled acoustic-guitar notes coming from over to my right, and I saw 12-String Boogie still holding court.  His guitar chords were drowned out by the Cowboy's stereo, once again.  The stereo was blasting Jimmy Buffet.  
I felt a poke in my ribs and Katie pointed at Jamie, who I realized had been just speaking to me.  Ronnie had his arm around Jamie.
“I'm sorry,” I said, “What'd ya say?”  She smiled back at me.  Her black hair was lit up in red highlights in the flame light, and her skin had a warm glow, over her rail-thin arms and neck.  
“Somebody has got something on his mind…” she said.  “But I asked you if you were still thinking of working for the park over the winter.”  
Remembering that she could possibly get me a full-time job, and automatically thought about Greg's warnings to leave Montana, about Clayton and Jake, about Browning, and shrugged, “I don’t know, maybe.”  
“Well if you want to apply for a desk job, call me and I fill out some stuff for you.”
I nodded.  “Thanks. That’s nice of you to even remember I was looking for something.”  
She reached over and held Ronnie’s hand, “No problem.  It’ll be nice to have someone cool to work with over the winter, finally.”  
Ronnie was watching me, and then said, “You couldn't pay me enough to stay here past September.”   He looked past us over the crowd and then suddenly stood up.  “I gotta get a drink.  Anybody want one?”  He stomped off before anyone put in their orders, and I looked at Jamie who just stared over at the fire with a blank expression.   
“Don’t mind him,” Katie piped up from behind me.  “He's been getting more ‘Ronnie-like every day.”  
 	“I don't know how you guys live with him,” Jamie said with a smirk. 
“I don’t even seem him much anymore,” I said without even thinking about it, but suddenly I realized how strange it was that people could avoid each other so successfully in a small, remote log cabin.    
Jamie went off to get us some beers and Katie scooted up next to me and reached over to hold my hand.  
“Will, I never thanked you for being a gentleman that night,” she said. “You know, in your room.  You coulda had your way with me, I suppose.”  
“Maybe we did it…” I smiled at her, “In your state you probably wouldn’t remember either way.”  
She punched my shoulder playfully, and then grew serious.  “You’re a good friend, Will Benton.  You really are.  It’s rare to meet a man you can trust.”

I was wondering how trustworthy I was, when I looked out over the crowd and suddenly recognized Clayton and Jack and my heart stopped involuntarily for a fraction of a second.  I saw Ronnie was with them, talking to Clayton, and I felt a cold sense of dread, remembering Greg’s dire warning.  The three of them stood on the outskirts of the crowd, just like before; and I could barely see them in the dim, flicking fire light.  And it was hard to be sure with his mirror finish glasses but it looked like Jake was staring directly at me.  
Someone suddenly sat down next to me and I turned and saw Sky, of all people.  She was looking over at the three of them too, and then looked back at me.  She glanced at Katie and then then leaned in close to me, her brown hair was up in a bun and she had on a leather necklace like the one around my wrist.  She was wearing a white t shirt that glowed in the fire light as she sat scooted up close.   
“We need to talk Will,” she said in a flat tone.  Her eyes were clear and her gaze was direct, she wasn’t drunk, but she was definitely different.  “You have made yourself some trouble.”
“Yeah,” I said, “I’ve been hearing that a lot lately.”  I leaned forward and picked up a twig, flicking it over into the fire.  “So why do you say that?”
 “Just come with me for a minute,” she said.  Without waiting for an answer she stood up and grabbed my hand, pulling me up.  Katie looked at us with irritation at being left alone but I just shrugged and followed Sky as she dragged me through the crowd, in the opposite direction from the fire and Clayton. 
I looked over at Clayton’s side again but they were lost behind the bonfire, which blocked my view.  Jimmy Buffet had turned into John Denver, and it made me think of my arrival at the store, that early afternoon standing in front of store with a guitar in one hand a suitcase in the other, having no idea about the place at which I had just arrived.  How things have changed, I thought to myself… now I knew way too much.  
Sky led me over to a dark corner of the clearing where there was a smaller, unoccupied fire pit with a couple of wooden benches, far enough from the group to not be seen.  She sat down close to me.
“I wanted to tell you that there are some people in Browning out to get you, some in the tribe.” she said in a quiet tone.   
“Old news,” I said with a frown.
She took out a pack of Marlboro Lights from her back pocket and pulled one out, offering the pack to me.  
“I didn't know you smoke,” I said, as I shook my head to her offer.  “You don’t seem like the type.”  
“When I’m stressed,” she said.
I nodded and looked back over to the fire.  “A lot of that going around.  So what do you have to be stressed about?”
“It’s not Clayton,” she said quickly, blowing a thick cloud of smoke out in front of her.  “I know what that ranger friend of yours thinks – what the cops think; but they’re wrong.”
“How do you know what Greg or the cops think?”   
She smiled at me.  “Because Dee, Greg’s wife, is my cousin.”  
Another surprise…  Then again why did it matter?  Another unexpected connection to Clayton and Jake, but to what end?  I didn't say anything for a moment but looked into Sky’s eyes, trying to see what she was feeling.  Did she really care about me or any of this?  And if so, why?  Why was she out there in the middle of the night? 
“Clayton is not the problem,” she continued.  “Everyone thinks he’s picked up the drug business where his father left off, but nothing could be further from the truth.  He’s working hard to reclaim the family honor.”
I tried to find deception in her tone, in her eyes, but she was a hard read.  “And Jake?” I asked.  “Is he working hard too?”
She looked at me with suspicion.  “Jake is.... going his own way.”  She flicked ash off the end of her cigarette and shook her head, her bun shaking on top of her head.  “He’s complicated.  But Clayton is looking out for you, Will.” She reached for my hand again.  “He told me that some of his father's old drug people, some of the bad crowd around here, is looking to get you – or get rid of you somehow.  They say you are stirring up things because of Alia’s murder.”
“I’ve heard this part already too.  But things don’t seem too stirred to me....”  I picked the cigarette from her hand and took a long drag.  “What I don’t get is why they give a shit about some guy working at a camp store for tourists, wandering around asking a couple of questions in Browning.  How does any of that effect some big drug operation?  I can’t put any of it together…”  
“It’s because some think you have stirred up the cops in Browning, bringing more heat.  Some think you killed a member of the tribe – Alia.”  She shrugged.  “And some think that there’s someone at Two Med working with the cops as an informant…  It’s crazy, Will – it’s Browning, it’s the Blackfoot.”
I took a deep breath and blew it out slowly.  “Did Clayton tell his father’s old buddies they got the wrong guy?”
She nodded and took the cigarette back.  
“So what am I supposed to do with all this helpful information?”  I asked.
“Maybe you should just go…  Move back to.... where are you from again?” 
I didn’t answer, but reached over for her cigarette and took a long drag.  I could taste a sweetness from the lip gloss she wore that rubbed off on the filter.  The smoke filled my lungs, which were unused to the poison, and it made me feel a burning sensation.  She glanced at me as I blew out the smoke, and then took the cigarette back.
Blowing out that heavy smoke I suddenly was tired of the whole place: Clayton, Jake, drugs, cops, all the warnings, all the bullshit.  It really did make me want to pack it all up that night and catch a jammer bus to the train station.  The entire business of working the store and avoiding being killed by Indians and drug dealers all seemed suddenly so outrageous, depressing and... senseless.    I looked at Sky and wondered, yet again, if she could even be trusted.  I needed to know more about her.
“So how did you get the name ‘Sky’?”
She didn’t hesitate in answering.  “The same way you got ‘Will’ – my parents.”
“What’s it mean, though?”  
“It means,’ she said, taking a last drag on the cigarette, “that blue thing above you during the day.”  She crushed out the cigarette under her foot.  
“I actually wrote a poem about it, a long time ago; and I still remember part of it.”  She stared off at the fire in the distance, watching the other staffers milling around.
“I am like the sky: in a way, close, but in a way distant and untouchable.  I am like the sky: always changing but always the same.  I am like the sky: you cannot touch me but I am always here in front of you.  I am like the sky: I can bring death, yet I protect you constantly.  I am like the sky: I don’t exist without you.”
 “A riddle?” I asked.
She shook her head, her bun of hair flopping around on top of her head.  “A poem.”
“Which of those describes you?  Distant and untouchable?  Dangerous or protecting?” I asked.
“Tonight I’m protecting,” she said, looking at me with a frown.  “Tomorrow, I’ll be dangerous.”  She abruptly turned and walked off towards the bonfire.
Had I offended her?  Maybe I had dismissed her warnings too casually; but she could have no idea that I had already been shocked enough into numbness at this point, at least for that night.  

I began to walk back towards the fire to find Katie and Ronnie.  Ronnie… a major concern for me now, and not just because of his association with Clayton.  I knew he had gotten wrapped up in some drug deal and I didn’t know how dangerous he may become.  It seemed crazy to me to suspect someone who had become a good friend so quickly; and I felt like there were two Ronnie’s at Two Med.  
In any event, I had detected a definite, albeit slight, menace coming from him; and I knew he had been drawing away from me, from Katie, and from Two Med.  As I walked back I thought about our early friendship, or so it had seemed; and it made me sad that I now had to be  wary of hanging around with him.  For all his craziness, I still liked him.
	How quickly, in the blink of an eye, can friend become enemies.    
	I gathered up Katie and the told Ronnie we should be heading back.  He had joined Jamie at some point during my little meeting with Sky, and I didn’t see Clayton or Mirror-Finish Jake anywhere.  We eventually got back into his car, and on the drive back Katie piped up from the back seat and asked Ronnie why he seemed so moody.   
      	Ronnie was smoking a cigarette and just shrugged at the question.  After a moment, Katie looked over at me and asked, “So who was that girl you went off with tonight?”
 	I looked at Ronnie; his eyes didn’t move from the road.  Not a good subject at this moment, Katie, I thought.
	“That was Sky,” I said to Ronnie as much as Katie.  “She was just asking about Alia.”
	Ronnie still didn’t look over, but he shook his head.  
Katie caught his gesture.  “Why do you shake your head at that?”    
I looked back at her and gave her a warning expression, which I realized probably confused her all the more.  
“Why can’t you just stay away from them?” Ronnie asked, staring ahead at the road.  “What is this fascination you have with getting involved?”
Katie didn’t say anything and I looked at Ronnie but didn’t answer.
Ronnie spat out the window.  “You have no idea what you’re getting into in Browning, my man.  I’ve already told you – watch your ass.”
	“Well,” I said, feeling a tired anger welling up, “why don’t tell what the fuck is going on, then?  Either tell me what’s going on in Browning that I should stay away from, or shut the fuck up about it.”
	He didn’t respond but just shook his head slowly again. 
	Katie sat back in her seat and looked out her side window and said quietly.  “That name fits her… ‘Sky.’”  
I looked out my own window and tried to figure Ronnie’s involvement in the drugs, and wondered if he know anything about Alia’s death.  To ask him point blank would be useless, I knew.  I couldn’t wait to get out of that car.

When I got back to my room, I saw an envelope on my bed.  I picked it up and saw no addresses written on the front of it.  Opening it I pulled out a one page letter, and something metal fell out.  It was actually two metal things – they were the earrings that Alia wore, the little, metal earrings she had on when I kissed her.  I held them in the palm of my hand, not believing what I was seeing for a moment.  
	I looked at the letter and saw just two words had been written, scrawled in heavy, dark all capitals:  “LEAVE NOW.”
	I set the earrings carefully down on my bedside table, and stared back at the words on the page.  I imagined Jake’s hand etching the characters, in drunken anger and desperation.  He had killed Alia and stolen her earrings, using them now as a muted warning for me to get out of town.  
	I lay in the bed and cupped the earrings again in my hand, imagining them back on her lobes, dangling over the curve of her neck.  I hoped again that she did not suffer fear or pain when she died – but I knew it was likely she had.  I gripped the earrings and felt a resurgence of stubborn determination to go to the powwow and confront my enemies.  

Thirty-Six


Saturday, the day of the infamous powwow, finally arrived, and it dawned cloudy and cold.   Steel grey clouds blanketed the sky and a misty fog lay on the surface of the lake, hiding all but a few feet from the shore.  I worked that morning on the gift shop side but had arranged the afternoon off to go to the event.  By two p.m., when the powwow officially started, I was outside the store, waiting for Greg to swing by and pick me up.  
In addition to not wearing a uniform, I had persuaded him to drive over in his Dee’s minivan, and not use the ranger truck which obviously would be unwelcome among the Blackfoot at their sacred, member’s-only powwow.
 I got into the minivan when Greg pulled up and as we drove off I looked back at the store.
“Mornin,” Greg said, with a subdued tone.  He looked over at the store. “So how are things in there?”
“Things are a bit different in there,” I said.   
I thought it over for a moment.  “When I started there it was like a family, all of us getting along and working and living together.  But now, near the last few weeks of the season, all of us are changed, barely speak to each other… there’s a coldness between us.”
“So, just like a real family…” Greg said, smiling at me.  
“I guess so, now that you mention it.”  
Greg rolled down the window of the van and stuck his elbow out, settling deeper into his seat.  I gave him a sidelong glance.  I wondered again why he was bothering going with me.  Wanting to play the cop?  Or honestly concerned for my welfare?  I knew he thought of me as a friend, and genuinely didn’t want to see me get hurt I was pretty sure, but I remembered also about how he had basically admitted that his getting involved in Alia’s murder was finally a chance to do something important, something real, with a job he was clearly frustrated with.  
Maybe it was all just a way to make up for a career of showing campers and staff his bear bells and pepper spray, and a job that had him ripping parking tickets and checking fishing licenses.  
I thought about the warning letter I had gotten, which I had left on the table beside my bed, and figured I would turn it into Olsterman – maybe they could finger print it.  But then my prints were on it too so what would it prove?  And would they even bother?  What I needed was some real evidence, something that tied Jake to the scene, something inarguable.  But what?
 I decided not to mention it to Greg, not yet at least – he was worried enough as it was.  
In any event, I certainly was feeling nervous as we drove closer to the Gather area, and I was glad, no matter the reasons, that he had in fact decided to come with me, to face whatever it was I was heading towards.   

We drove up to the large clearing where the Blackfoot powwow was being held.  It was a place as large as about three football fields, and metal bleachers had been set up on one side.  The rest of the area was grassy patches with little booths and tents set up.  A large crowd had already gathered, and we parked the minivan among lots of other cars, campers and motorcycles.  The afternoon sun had earlier tried to peek through the cottony-grey blanket of clouds, but without success, and the sun was now hiding in defeat.
	I could hear some chanting and beating drums as we exited the van and walked towards the entrance.  Intermixed in the noise was some rock music playing in the distance.
Greg and I got through the entrance after giving our names to a couple of ladies at an entrance booth.  Mine was on the list thanks to Thunderbird, and Greg’s was on it thanks to Dee.  
As we meandered through the crowds, I occasionally caught people staring at us; a young guy with a Mohawk eyed me warily, an older wrinkled face gazing just long enough to show that we stood out.  I looked for Thunderbird but didn’t see any sign of him.
As Greg and I milled around, at this point with no particular plans or destinations, he explained to me the program of the powwow, gleaned from what he knew of years past and from what Dee had told him.  There were to be traditional dances, he explained, and singing to start things off, the chanting and drums we heard were part of that.  Then there was an equestrian show (a rodeo), then music and food and just hanging around, and then finally more traditional dancing.  
“There’s also a sweat lodge ceremony for a chosen few,” Greg explained.  “It’s a special honor to be included – and they can only fit so many in the little enclosures they use, anyway.  It’s a big deal – very serious and spiritual for them.”
“Ah,” I said, nodding.  “I got invited to the sweat lodge thing by Thunderbird.  He made it seems like it was imperative that I go.”
Greg stopped walking and stared at me.  “Will, only like ten or so people go to a sweat at a time, and they only do it twice during the entire two-day powwow – and this kind of gathering is only once a year.  I’ve never been…  Why did Thunderbird invite you?”  
Greg’s concerned look worried me; but as I thought about it, he just shook his head grimly.  “Never mind – I don’t want to know...” he said.  “Thunderbird just does whatever he wants, I think.  Hopefully it was just his idea.”  
He began walking towards the far end of the field.  I followed him, feeling nervous about the impending ceremony.  Didn’t people die sometimes in those sweat lodges?

We walked over to a large crowd near the bleachers who were watching a group of men singing and drumming.   The singers were all men, in a circle, most of them short and very fat, wearing plain clothes, jeans, sweatshirts and a few sports jerseys and hoodies.  One guy had on a Raiders cap, a couple of them wore cowboy hats too.  They were all beating a fast and steady rhythm in perfect unison on a big animal-hide drum.  They were drumming with thin, small wooden sticks that were wrapped with string and colorful weavings.   A few stick had feathers or beads hung from them and they made a “whooshing” and rattling sound between the drum beats. 
As the monotonous, rhythmic pounding of the drum continued, a man began singing and shouting in a high-pitched screech.  He then was answered by the men in the circle in unison with raspy and loud voices rising up to the same wail.  All of the men stared down at the drum the entire time with expressionless, blank faces.  
While they were singing, a couple of women, who stood off to the side, both carrying toddlers in their arms, shouted some Indian words intermixed into the song.  Their words sounded more like shouts, but it was clear even to me that they were speaking words from the native Blackfoot language.
Like other Native American singing I had heard, this song had a tragic, desperate sound to it.  It was at once fierce and intimidating, and also sad and meek.  It was wild, but also had a compromised sense to it – especially when you viewed the large, fat men who sang it.  They did not seem fierce, more like a conquered, reluctant foe now made docile.  
I walked away from the group and left Greg at the circle, who said he wanted to stick around and talk to a couple of people he knew, but that I should “watch my back.”  I walked on and came to a large clearing where traditional dancers were just beginning an exhibition.  There were about fifteen men in full dress with very vivid and elaborate costumes – so outlandish in fact that it reminded me of the New Orleans Indian dresses of the Mardi Gras parades.  
The dancers were forming a circle which slowly revolved around a center pit with a fire just beginning to burn in the middle.  The day was still cloudy and cold and I could feel the heat reaching me from beyond the ring of dancers.
Around the dancers were a crowd that was sitting, standing, some filming, and others eating on picnic blankets.  Lots of women with children were watching, also lots of teens.  The procession of full dress dancers started moving in a line.   
The drumming and singing came from a stereo this time, not from a live group.  Over the broadcast chanting and signing, the dancers whirled around – each doing a different style.  Some were stomping in a slow circle as they moved, some were spinning frantically.   It was enchanting to watch the circle slowly revolve, a circle made up of whirling vivid shapes and colors.  
As I watched I began to feel drawn in to the spinning mass of energy.  I watched mesmerized as the circle stopped rotating and expanded outward, then with a loud shout from the dancers, began circling even faster and closing in on itself.   
Like staring at a display case with carvings in a museum, I stood entranced, imaged the scene playing out hundreds of years ago, before the intrusion of white man, wild and utterly natural.  The costumes would have been much more sedated, I assumed, toned down to leather and feather, bone and beads.  And the crowd would have been a thin group of Blackfoot, watching with casual, somber expressions.  The meaning of the dance would have been as significant and relevant to the people as eating, sleeping, and dreaming; a specific purpose and message to the dancing would have been known by all in the tribe.  I wondered, as I stood there hundreds of years in the future, what the dancing did mean, what it had been for.  I looked around at the crowd and wondered if these Blackfoot knew anymore, either.  
I gazed at the dancers moving in a rhythmic circle, and I pictured Alia standing next to me, watching her ancestral dancing spinning in dreamlike circles before her eyes.  Again I wondered what my summer would have been like not having met her.  I looked at the leather strap on my wrist.  Two spirits indeed… is she here with me?    I felt a shudder pass through me as the dancers spiraled inward in a perfect circle.
Suddenly the circle broke off and the dancers formed a line that led out of the clearing and off into the crowd, where it eventually dissipated.   No one clapped, the music and singing just continued with the empty circle and the fire burning.  A couple of little children ran out into the clearing gleefully, but their parents quickly waved them back and hushed them.  It was if the circle was sacred, and the clearing was to be used only for solemn, special purposes.  The crowd did not seem to be leaving.  
As I looked around at the crowd I suddenly spotted Jake, sitting in a circle of men some distance away from the clearing.  He was leaning against a large cooler and had a bottle of Jack Daniels in his hand – just a bottle, no glass to drink from.  He was wearing the mirror shades, as always, and sitting perfectly motionless, as always, frozen behind the glasses; you couldn’t tell if he was awake, or even alive, as always…

I was watching him when a big hand suddenly slapped me on the back.  It was Thunderbird.  I felt a wave of relief slide over me to see him.  “Big Will!” he shouted, and then gave me a bear hug.   I hugged him back.  “You came!” he said. 
“Of course I did,” I said, smiling back at him.  “But I was warned to stay away…”
Thunderbird looked concerned, and reached out and put a hand on my shoulder.  “I know, I know, I know, there’s a bad spirit about this place today – there’s something different in the air.”  He looked around at the crowd and up at the sky.  “We have to clear all this up once and for all.  Come on.”
He led me off towards the far end of the powwow, where some tents and teepees had been set up.  I walked past Jake’s area and he was still there, sitting stock still and watching me.  His head moved slowly as I walked past, I kept my eyes on his mirror frames until we passed by him.  
Thunderbird walked me through some people picnicking on the lawn near the teepees and further back towards the rear of the powwow.  A large tent was set up near the back, with two large tree-carvings on either side of the tent entrance – an owl on one end and a bear on the other.  
Thunderbird waved me over to a group sitting under a large picnic-style tent, which was mainly just a roof structure made of nylon fabric and metal poles.  There were about eight men sitting around a table, with lots of food and beer and other drinks spread out before them.  The men were older, very wrinkled and most of them fat.  Large bellies, grey hair, tan wrinkled skin, and button down shirts with bolo ties and cowboy hats were the uniform of the group.  I saw only a couple of young guys sitting around the table, and one was Clayton.  
Clayton saw me and I nodded over to him and he nodded back, his expression was unreadable.  
“Guys, this is Will,” Thunderbird said to the men in general, pushing me slightly in front of him.  “Will Benton.”  
A couple of the men nodded vaguely but most just glanced at me and then went back to their lunch, which consisted mainly of fried chicken and potato salad.  
Thunderbird smiled encouragingly and escorted me over to one man in particular, a heavy-set middle aged man at the far end of the table.  
“This is Floyd Crow, Will,” Thunderbird pointed a stubby finger down at the man.  “He’s on the Blackfoot council.  I told him about you.”
I couldn’t imagine what Thunderbird might have told him.  I smiled very slightly and held out my hand.  The man reached up and shook it, and then back to eating without saying a word.  Floyd Crow was a short man, old, probably about seventy, and had long, thin grey hair over very dark tan skin.  His back was hunched over and he had a broad, portly frame.  He was wearing a western, cowboy type shirt with an open button-down shirt.  Thunderbird turned around and led me over to a spot nearby, where we sat down on the grass.  
“Just hang out for a bit here,” he said, and sat down next to me, folding his arms like Buddha.  
I sat back in the chair and watched the men finish their lunch, wondered if I was intruding and if Thunderbird had just made a social error.  The men’s conversation was low and unintelligible from where I sat.  Clayton’s back was to me now, but I could see that he didn’t contribute to any of the conversation, he just ate in silence.  
I was worried about what Greg might assume from my sudden absence, and I leaned over to Thunderbird.  “I came with Greg, the Ranger, and he’ll be wondering where I am.”  
Thunderbird nodded and stood up.  “I’ll go tell him where you are.”  He sauntered off without another word before I could stop him, leaving me sitting alone on the edge of the council.  I took a deep breath and let it out slowly, looking around the group.  
After a while Floyd Crow stood up heavily from the small table and walked over to me.  He turned to Clayton and waived him over to me.  Clayton nodded and got up, and followed the man over to my spot.
“Will, let’s walk a bit,” Floyd said quietly.  I got up and followed him as he walked away from the edge of the powwow.  He kept a slow pace, with Clayton and I on either side of him.  Clayton said nothing.
“I’m an Elder of the Blackfoot Nation in Montana,” Floyd said in a deep voice, apparently not remembering that Thunderbird has just introduced us earlier.  “I have been told about you, and I wanted to meet you.”
I didn’t know what to say so I just nodded.
“This is Clayton Red Claw, who you already know, I believe.”
I acknowledged Clayton with a nod, and then none of us spoke for a moment as we walked.  One thing I had noticed about the Blackfoot was their habitual silence, their comfortableness with being quiet and not speaking.  It was their natural state it seemed.   I rarely ever heard a loud Indian.
“Have you ever been to a powwow before?”  Floyd asked.   
I told him that I had not.
“Among the many purposes of our coming together at this event, Will, are that we gather together to help each other, in hard times.  We come together, each of us, to offer our skills and whatever abilities we possess… put them to work to help each other, so we may live together peacefully, just as ‘iit-tsi-pah-tah-pii-op’ intended.”
I nodded and glanced at Clayton, who now looked bored and irritable.  
“Thunderbird has told me about you,” Floyd continued.  “He has a certain skill and ability and he uses it to help the tribe – as we all should – and his ability is to see and hear the spirits, to hear what they say to us.”
He looked at Clayton and then at me and smiled.  “Thunderbird may seem… different, but it is not for us to judge why the spirits talk to one and not to another.”  
We got to a gravel path that led along the main road and we walked down it in silence for a minute, crunching the stones and dust underfoot.
“Thunderbird knows, however, that there are some serious problems in our tribe in Browning, and that things are getting worse.  He’s been our eyes and ears in the park and elsewhere.”
At the “Candi Factory?  I wondered to myself.
“He has told the council a great many things, things like this drug business.”  He looked at Clayton.  “Your father kept this tribe in constant turmoil and trouble during his tenure, Clayton, despite what people think.  And with you running for Council Chief you have a lot going against you because of the trouble your father was in.  But I admire what you’re trying to do.”
“I know you do,” Clayton answered.
Floyd looked back down the path we were on and stared at the approaching forest, “But we are hearing things – things that make me worry.  There’s a new tension between the tribe and the police and they say that it is because Canadian drugs are moving through Browning again.”  
I saw a tired kind of sadness in his eyes.  “I have asked Clayton about this, Will, and he swears he is not involved, but he says that someone in Two Medicine Campground is, but he is not sure who.  And there’s only a few of you at Two Medicine.”  Floyd stared at me a moment, as if searching my eyes and my face for some sign.  Floyd’s eyes were wrinkled bags that overhung his pupils, almost hiding his brown eyes from view.  It was like looking at a topographical map of someone’s life, on their skin.  He looked back down at the path and continued to walk.   “This is not a time to be holding secrets back, boys.”
“And we’ve been told about Alia Reynolds, her murder, the resulting investigation,” he continued.  “We all knew Alia, Will.  Thunderbird told us about her final days, and that someone in Two Medicine was with her before she died.”  Floyd stared straight down the path; his manner of speaking was like his manner of walking: plodding, steady, slow, and deliberate.
“And so you see why I wanted you to come to the powwow, Will.”  Floyd Crow looked over at Clayton and then at me.  “Between the two of you young men, there is a lot that could be answered that could help us out in these bad times – a lot you can answer.  You both need to come clean about what you know to help us move beyond these bad times.”
We walked on a moment, stopping when a bald eagle suddenly flew overhead and towards the trees.  Floyd Crow watched it in silence for a moment.  “And then there’s the spirits…” he said.  He then reached over and held my wrist – the one with the beads.  His hand felt dry and rough like sandpaper.  “I don’t see spirits – that’s not my gift.  But I’ve been told you are struggling with a spirit that is not yours, Will, and Thunderbird says you are to attend the sweat this evening.  I think that’s good.  I want Clayton to be there too.”  
Clayton looked up.  “I was going anyway,” he muttered.
“And when you’re done,” Floyd continued, “I want you both to come see me.  I keep an office in the VFW – I’ve heard you’ve been there.”  He reached out and took my hand again.  “I’m glad you’re here,” he said, staring me in the eyes.  “I think it will be good for you.”
He released my hand and began walking back towards the crowds.  “I’m at my office after three on weekdays.  Let’s talk about all this next week.”  
Clayton still hadn’t said a word, but as we approached he reached out a hand and touched the old man on the shoulder.  “I’m going to help get the sweat lodge ready.  I’ll see you later.”  Floyd Crow just nodded and kept walking.  

Clayton walked off alone to a different part of the area I hadn’t been to yet, and I headed over to where I had last seen Greg.  I was tempted to turn around and tell Floyd Crow what I knew, or thought I knew, about Jake being the murderer.  But it seemed premature.
Greg was nowhere to be found, but as I stood on the parameter of the group of native singers shouting and drumming loudly (the same group as before, still going strong) Thunderbird came over out of nowhere.
“Big Will! Did you talk to Floyd Crow?”
“Yep,” I said.  “He mostly talked to me.”
“Good! Good!”  He slapped me on the back.  He waved both of his hands up in front of me frantically.  “Don’t tell me what he said!  That’s between you and him.”  He grabbed my arm and began leading me away.  “Let’s go at get ready for the sweat.”
“Did you find Greg?” I asked, looking around the crowd again.
“Oh he left.  He told me to let you know he was sorry he couldn’t stay, but his daughter was sick.”  
Greg was gone?  
Thunderbird shrugged and then patted me on the shoulder.   “Don’t worry; I’ll get someone to give you a ride home.”
Now it’s just me and Thunderbird...  I followed him over to the area of the powwow that Clayton had walked towards.  It led down a sloping hill at the bottom of which was a dome like structure, made of blankets spread over the top – the sweat lodge itself!  More haphazard thrown-together shelter than a “lodge.”  
A large fire was being tended near the entrance of the lodge by two men with rakes in their hands.  A wheelbarrow and shovel were next to them, as were a pile of round, smooth, dark river stones.  As we walked towards the sweat lodge, the sun dipped behind the top of the hill, and we descended down into a dusky and chilled gloom.  
The blanket-tent-lodge looked extremely small for the ten-or-so people who were supposedly attending, and it was strangely low to the ground.  I figured someone must have dug out the center into the ground to get lower down.  Thunderbird dropped his backpack he had been carrying and pulled out a pair of shorts.  He tossed them into my hands and said, “You’ll need to change; you don’t want to be wearing anything good when you’re in there.”
I looked at his bag, and didn’t see any other clothes.  “What about you?”  
“I don’t wear any clothes in the ceremony – many of us don’t.”  
Us? I thought.  White guys? Weirdo’s?
With that he pulled off his clothes one by one, revealing a huge, hairy mass of a chest and stumpy, hairy legs.  He pulled off his boxers and stood stark naked – like a big, naked garden gnome.  I looked away out of embarrassment, and then saw out of the corner of my eyes that he was stomping off into the direction of the entrance of the tent, where a couple of men were shoveling large, white-hot stones into the enclosure.
I took my shirt off, my pants off, and even my underwear – quickly, while no one was looking – and pulled on the ratty khaki shorts he had given me, thankful that I had them.  They were too big for me but stayed on if I gripped the waist.  
I walked over to the entrance gripping my waistband as the light began to fade into early evening.  The little valley we were in was getting dark, and very quickly the only light was coming from the fire.  I looked around me before I entered the tent with a feeling of apprehension, but also with a new, calm assurance that I was meant to do this.  I pictured Alia watching me go in, shaking her head ruefully, but the ghostly image faded as I felt the heat reach me from the tent entrance.
As soon as I flipped up the flap on the front of the tent I was struck by a cloud of smoke and intense heat.  I smelled an overpowering fragrance of sage and pine needles, and recoiled for a moment with the intensity of it all shocking my senses.  
Then I set my gaze firmly towards the entrance, took a deep breath, and shoved my way in, crouching low and sliding into the darkness.  The inside was just the ground, but with some blankets strewn about.  In the center was a small but deep fire pit, smoldering with stones, some herbs and grasses.  I saw a large plastic bucket and with a ladle next to it.  I could barely see in the dark gloom, but I detected several legs crossed around in a circle as several figures had already started in.  
I didn’t know if I was supposed to sit in any certain place, and I really didn’t want to sit next to a naked, hairy, and sweaty Thunderbird, so I just plopped down near the entrance flap a few feet from the next sitter.  A good spot for a quick getaway. 
The smoke and heat and fumes weren’t as strong inside as I had thought when I first got blasted by the cloud, or maybe I was just getting used to it.  I could see better in a few minutes as well, and could see some faces now staring down somberly into the fire pit, or stretching and breathing heavily to get their bodies acclimated.  
An old, very skinny man with short grey hair in a military-style buzz cut stepped in and carefully tiptoed his way into one of the empty places near the pit.  He got settled and drew the ladle from the bucket and poured water onto the stones, which hissed and spat and steamed up the air in the small space within seconds.  I thought I saw in the bucket that sticks of sage and other herbs were floating around in the water.
“More stones!” the old man croaked to the men outside.  A couple of other figures crouched in almost naked, like the rest of us.  I sat with legs folded like the rest, not yet sweating but getting hot.  I breathed in the steam and smoke and felt the air stinging my eyes and nose.  More stones were shoveled in and carefully dropped into the pit.  More water.  The heat was fierce now, coming in steamy clouds that began to sweat on my skin.  The heat plumes assaulted my chest, my head and my legs.  The popping of stones and the breathing and snorting of the men were the only sounds in the tent.  
A final figure popped in and I saw out of the corner of my eye that it was Clayton.  I realized when I saw him that I had subconsciously been waiting for him – or Jake – and now I wondered if Jake would show.  With his clothes off, I could see Clayton had a lithe and athletic frame and long hair that fit the stereotypical image of a young Indian.   He sat down next to me by the entrance – perhaps blocking it in case I couldn’t take it and tried to run!     

More stones, more water, steam billowing in the dark up into the dome of the tent just inches from our heads.  Breathing became a manual, forced effort.  Everyone had their heads bowed, not out of reverence maybe, but in submission to the steam-smoke.  My thoughts slowed to a animalistic crawl as I just breathed the heat in and out, in and out, in and out, the sage and pine penetrating my head.  Some men coughed and spat, others like me just sat and stared at the ground like wet figurines, and just breathed.  
Clayton looked relaxed but was already covered in sweat, the dim light from the coals reflecting on his dark skin.  He slowly cracked a knuckle in each finger, the sound mixing with the popping rocks.  The heat was almost unbearable for me, now; but others seemed at peace and relaxed, from what I could see through the dripping sweat.
The old man with the buzz cut began to mumble, and then he got louder.  “Oki Ni-kso-ko-wa.  Hello, my relatives.” he said to the group.  No one answered.  
“We are the children of the Great Holy Being, iit-tsi-pah-tah-pii-op, The Source of Life.”  The man ladled more water onto the stones, and then tossed in some dry pine needles onto the stones that hissed and sparked.  A few flames shot up around as the needles were consumed.  “And we gather together of our own free will tonight, because the Creator made us to be free and to live in harmony.
“We call together those who have lived before us, those that are still with us, but no longer live in their bodies.”  He chanted a phrase lowly, over and over, “Kso-ko-wa, kso-ko-wa, kso-ko-wa.”
“We call you home tonight to be our relatives in this place, with Stah-koomi-tapii-akii, Mother Earth, and beyond.”  
I felt lightheaded, dizzy, and I caught myself leaning to one side and then straightened back up, putting a hand down on the ground to steady myself.  I tried to breathe softer, shallower, to lessen the intake of the heat and the steam-smoke, but the light breathing only made me more lightheaded.  I looked at the entrance and thought about getting up and sliding out, my heart started beating in a new panic.  I thought about Alia, however, and pictured her standing outside, waiting for me to finish this; and then I willed myself to make it another five minutes, at least.   
“More stones!”  The grey-haired croaked to the outside. 
I shot him a look of dismay, and then I glanced around the darkness at the other faces.  Most of the men sat motionless, sweat dripping from their noses and running down their faces and chests in little rivulets.  Nobody appeared to be in distress in the way I felt.  Did I look distressed?
More stones shoveled in.  Ladled water poured onto the hissing and popping stones.  Intense searing heat.  Like wrapping yourself in a blanket of boiling, hot steam.   I ran my hands over my face and through my hair, now soaked.  I tried shifting my position a little bit, and inched back towards to the side of the tent behind me, trying to see if closer to the wall it would be cooler, but it made no difference.  It was torture; and I felt like I had to get out or I would die.  I looked to the front flap again, but kept my place.  Clayton hadn’t moved. 

The old man spoke again.  “A mosquito bites you and drinks your blood.  The trout eats the mosquito.  You eat the trout.  Our blood passes through the mosquito, passes through the trout, and returns back to us again, and eventually feeds the ground.  Nothing is lost in the wild.”
What was this old man talking about? I groaned.  I was in agony and felt certain that I was about to pass out.  What would they do when I did?  I guessed they would just drag me out and pour water on my head.   
“Your blood is given back to you.  Your life is returned to you.  Blood is the iit-tsi-pah-tah-pii-op, the Source of Life.  Our blood never leaves this earth, even after death.”
More steam from the ladling.  Just at the moment I gave in, and I was going to just get up and shove Clayton aside, not caring anymore.  
The man’s voice altered slightly, however, and he spoke more strongly.  “They are here.”  
His eyes looked around at us in the gloom.  “They have come.”
I felt a tingling in my skin, and I reached over and felt the leather string with beads as a reflex.  I couldn’t see Thunderbird anywhere in the gloom, but I knew he was on the far end of the tent.  I wondered if the buzz cut man saw my two spirits.  
I wanted to let Alia’s spirit go, I truly did; but I didn’t want to be free of it, of her, at the same time.   Maybe that’s what Thunderbird had been trying to tell me, that I was holding on to her too tightly.  I felt as I sat in the torturing heat and stinging smoke that I wanted her to be free of me, if that’s what would bring her peace.  
Just like the sweat was pouring out of me, I wanted to purge myself of her spirit and give her peace.   
I loved her; and if I could do something to be able to see her again, to hug and kiss her face, I would do it – anything.  But I did not want her spirit on me anymore, not one more second, in this heat, steam, sage and sweat – it wasn’t doing either of us – her or I – any good.  It was upsetting us both.   
I ran a hand down my left arm, sweat streaking off of me, then down my other arm, then my legs, and my chest, and my neck and my back.  I rubbed my skin all over, slick, hot, greasy, sooty and sweaty.  I took a deep breath, and as I did I passed out.  
Or thought I did.  What I felt was a blackness come over my mind, like someone laying a heavy, black blanket over me.  It felt weightless, and floating.  I no longer felt my body.  I couldn’t hear the hissing stones, the old man’s voice, just… a rushing sound, like wind, or a train.
Then in the darkness in my mind I saw two lights, to bright white lights side by side coming incredibly fast at me, rushing up to me and slamming into me so hard that I felt searing pain and shattered bones.  I heard the sound of crunching and rending, metal and bone, and I felt the cold ground catch me as I fell.  I felt the coolness of the grass and mud on one side of my face.  My body was broken, but I was slowly leaving it anyway… I didn’t need that body anymore; and I could feel myself rising from it into the sky.

Thirty-Seven


I woke up to find myself outside the sweat lodge.  It was full night now, and stars were out in the thousands above me.  Crickets chirped and men’s voices in the distance buzzed in my ears.  I looked up and a man who I didn’t recognize squatted down next to me.  He had some clothes in a grocery bag next to him.  I looked down and realized I was completely naked. 
“Ok?” he asked.  His face was difficult to see in the dark, but his voice sounded a little wary.  
“Yea, I think so.”  I looked around.  “How’d I get out here?”  
“We dragged you.”  He nodded over to a group of men standing around.
“Where’s Thunderbird?” I asked.
“He had to go; but gave me these clothes for you.”  He picked up the bag and handed it to me.  He showed me where a hose was running from a nearby water truck which I could use to shower off as best I could – all the dirt, sweat and grime was caked on me.
“Wait a minute,” I said to the man, as he started walking off.  “Did Thunderbird say anything about a ride back for me?  I live in Two Medicine.”  But the man either didn’t hear me or ignored me, and kept walking.  
I stood up and looked around at the clearing, which was a dark expanse now.  Far in the distance I could make out the parking lot, which now only had a couple of cars.  Thunderbird’s motorcycle wasn’t there, nor was Greg’s van.  I looked around, standing there naked in the dark, at where the powwow had been and no one was there.  It was an empty field again, a distant drumming was barely detectable and I could not tell from which direction it came.  Maybe from nowhere, maybe from a spirit world.  The empty field gave me a chilling awareness of my situation.  Greg, and now Thunderbird, were gone.   Me and some straggler around the sweat lodge were the only souls left in the woods – and the stragglers were driving off, I noticed.  
It was probably two hours to walk it back to Two Med.  As I showered off with the hose, using a sliver of bar soap someone had left on the grass, I wondered what I had just experienced in the sweat.  The lights, the pain, the death… it seemed distant and ungraspable now – like a quickly-fading dream.  
With wet hair and my clothes back on, a little damp since I didn’t have a towel to dry off with, I felt better and began to walk.  I breathed in deeply the clean, cool air of the forest on either side of the road leading away from the field.  My lungs, despite having gone through the torture of the steam, smoke and ashes, felt cleaner, stronger – clearer than they had before.  There was a lightheadedness that felt peaceful buzzing in my brain; and I felt a spring in my step as I started down the dark road through the forest.   For having passed out in extreme heat, I felt overall incredibly good – much lighter and cleaner, in fact.
As I walked alone the only light was from the thin moon that had just risen above the tall pines.  Little pools of sliver-blue moonlight spilled out onto the road, and I walked through them like small spotlights on a stage as I went.  

I walked for about an hour, past sounds of animals scuffling away in the dry brush, past crickets whirring, past an owl hooting off in the tree tops.  The night sounds of nature came alive after man had left the area, and no cars came along to quiet them down again.  
Not until a small car came up from behind.  I saw its lights passing through the trees on the road behind me as it winded down the forest road.  I saw the two lights, rushing forwards, getting closer.  Suddenly, the sweat lodge vision became vividly real in front of my eyes.  
My heart raced as I stepped over to the side of the road to let the car pass, but as it came closer it slowed, and eventually stopped about thirty feet from me.  I heard someone pull up the parking brake with a cranking sound.  The two lights had not crashed into me, not yet, but I felt a certain dread coming from that car; and I knew instinctually that those in it meant me no good.  I felt a stab of fear strike my chest, and my heart started beating even harder.  This is it, I thought with dread.  
Four figures emerged slowly from the car, barely visible behind the headlights, but backlit by the moon.  One by one closing the door behind them, the car still running, people stepped out.   I backed away and then looked behind me, nothing anywhere but the dark road stretching away into the black and the darker forest, stretching away into… nothing.   I frantically considered running into the woods; but where would I go?  I knew the people would follow anyway.  
Thunder cracked from a distance over the mountains, and it began to rain.  I looked back at the car; the figures walked slowly towards me in a dark mass.  My heart beat violently; and I squinted at them, trying to shield my eyes in the rain and glare of the headlights.  Then I saw Jake emerge from behind a couple of the figures, like a prowling wolf, silhouetted by the car’s headlights.  Sunglasses on, he must have been blind in the dark.  But then I was lit up like a scared rabbit in the car’s headlights, so he could probably see just fine.  
I could see that the men with Jake were young, and Clayton was not among them.  One kid was very fat and short, another thin with very long hair.  A rough looking bunch – from the powwow no doubt.  Jake mumbled something to them. 
“You know why I’m here.”  Jake called over to me.  It was a statement, not a question.  His voice, now hearing for the first time since that first bonfire introduction, was oddly quiet, but cold, raspy, and cruel sounding. 
“I don’t,” I said in response, shaking my head into the glare of the headlights crisscrossed by raindrops.  “What do you want?”
He didn’t answer, but gestured to the fat guy and one of the others with a nod of his head, and the two came over to me and clutched my arms, holding my biceps tightly like vice grips.  I ran out of breath.  My heart was now thumping, so loud the sound filled my ears.  

Few people ever experience true fear, thankfully, but at that moment I was absolutely afraid; and every atom in my body was pulsing with adrenaline, dismay, and crazed fear.  I suddenly tried to lurch out of their grasp, hoping to turn and run into the woods, but they held me firm; and then Jake stepped up and punched me hard in the stomach.  I doubled over and almost vomited.  I could not catch a breath, and as I gasped for air I thought I would pass out.  What would they do with me now? I wondered desperately.  Passing out a second time in a group of Blackfoot would not turn out well, I figured.
They pulled me over and jerked me off the road, down a small path next to the road that looked like a dried up stream bed.  I was lurched along as our feet cracked through brush and sticks as we pushed through tree branches and shrubs.  I stepped clumsily over some roots, unable to see the ground.  I had no idea where the path led but I pictured my murder happening further off in the woods.  Should I call out?  No one to hear...  Why did Greg AND Thunderbird take off like that?
I heard Jake say something to one of the guys, harsh and low, and the fat guy’s heavy breathing, and our smashing through the undergrowth.  How did Jake even know I was out here?  
Our steps began to become quieter as the rain softened and muddied the ground.  I walked through a spider web, which clung to my face and hair.  I tried to raise a hand to brush it off but the fat guy jerked my arm almost out of its socket, and muttered something I couldn’t make out.  These Blackfoot and their eternal quiet…
For a second time I tripped over a root sticking out of the dirt, but caught myself and ran forward.  I then heard an object whoosh towards me milliseconds before I was hit, and when it did hit me it felt like a large wooden branch smacking me right across my nose and cheek.  I felt a stabling pain through my head and my nose broke.  Blood ran down my face; and I felt like I was cut across my right cheek.  I was hit a second time, this time on the back of the head.  The branch had felt like a bar of iron, and I must have lost a few seconds because I was suddenly looking up from the ground, lying on my side, one arm awkwardly bend behind me.  A searing pain still burned in my face.
The branch came down again from above onto the back of my head.  I raised my free hand up behind my head to try to protect me, but the branch just smacked my arm back onto my broken nose, causing a searing bolt of pain to shoot though my neck.  The bark on the branch was rough and some little sticks were poking out of it, and one of them struck a hole in my cheek.  Someone switched on a flash light that lit up the scene.   
I screamed out for help, spitting through blood-clotted foam, knowing no one would come to aid me in the middle of nowhere.  I was as good as dead.  Stars floated in front of me as I made out the other figures standing next to my body on either side.  I took a quick scan of them through a blurry haze of tears, dirt and sweat.  I recognized no one in the flashlight glow except Jake, impossible not to recognize, standing with his arms hanging at his sides.
He did not have his sunglasses on now.  I wondered with curiosity what his eyes looked like, even in the midst of my fear and impending death.  A foot kicked me in the ribs from my left side, then the branch came down again.  Another kick from the left, I felt a rib crack.  Jake then walked over, reared up a leg and brought a foot down on my crotch.  I screamed in pain.  
I rolled over onto my chest to try to protect myself, but the beating intensified, kicks and now punches onto my back and head – from all of the figures at once.  My face was pressed down against mud by someone, and I frantically gripped at anything I could hold onto to try to raise my face from the much, but I just ended up grabbing a sneaker, which then shook me off. The branch came down on my back and then broke in half.  Hands reached down and spun me onto my back.  Nobody else had spoken yet during the attack. 
In the moonlight I saw the gleam of metal, and I saw that Jake was pulling a long knife from a sheath on his hip.  The others held my hands and head down, and Jake knelt down beside my head.  I could see him better now.  For some reason I couldn’t fathom I had this overwhelming compulsion to see his eyes, finally revealed behind those shades.   I watched his face come close and saw that he was scowling at me, but that his eyes were small, brown, close together, almost comical.  But this goofy face made him scarier, much scarier – like an inbred hillbilly with disfigured features.  With his close, angry eyes and hideous scowl, it was an unexpected face which disturbed me all the more.  He looked nothing like Clayton.  
In his right hand was the long hunting knife and he held it over my neck, hovering, looking doubly dangerous because it was hard to see, except for a thin gleam of reflection in the moonlight.  This is it.  This is how I die.  I smelled alcohol and stale cigarettes like an ashtray along with the stink of sweat coming from his body.
“Tonight you are gonna die.”  Jake said in a whisper.  “
He pressed the knife against the left side of my neck, very hard and cold against my skin.  
“Like you killed Alia?” I said in a croak, wrestling for a second under the grip of the other figures’ hands.   I felt like these were my last words, and that it was fitting that it should be about Alia, out here in the woods.  She and I would die together, at last, I thought.  But I still didn’t know why…    
“Why did you kill her?” I said with a groan as I struggled.  Maybe he would just tell me… “And why are you killing me?”  
“You don’t even know what you did, do you?” he asked, pausing with the knife pressed into my skin. “You should have taken the hint and left; the earrings weren’t enough?  What else did you need, her finger?”
I thought I heard the sound of a car off in the distance by the road.  If only there was a way to get their attention, whoever they were.  Jake pressed his hand down on my face, covering my mouth and nose, preventing me from breathing.  How many ways did he plan to kill me?
“What did I do?” I tried to ask, but it only came out a wet muffle.  
Yet Jake must have heard me, because he pressed the knife against my neck a final time, and said, “You should have asked Ronnie.”  
He pressed the blade down and dragged it across my neck; I could feel it slicing my skin.  I screamed under his hand, and thrashed in the mud.  But suddenly I heard a horrific crashing sound approaching through the trees, like some great beast was approaching us.  Instead of a bear’s roar, a car motor revved and the sounds of branches cracking and snapping and metal popping and bending all rushed into the clearing along with bright headlights suddenly illuminated our group.  I could see Jake clearly now, a look of confusion flashing across his face as he squinted into the light, rain streaking down his cheeks; and then his hand was over his eyes, shielding them as he hopped up and backed away.  I felt blood pouring down my neck, mixed with rain and the mud. 
The others who were holding me released me and stood up quickly.  Someone shouted, “Who the fuck are you?” at the truck, as if it was a creature with a life and voice of its own.  The truck suddenly jerked forward and then ground to a halt not five feet from my head, and the door swung open with a metallic pop of old metal.  I rolled over to my side, protecting my neck from the mud, and squinted in the glare along with my attackers.
A figured jumped out from the car with something big in his hand.  As he stepped near the headlights, I saw, with complete disbelief, that it was Larry, and he was holding a long and heavy axe!  He swung it wide in front of him as his stomped towards the group without any hesitation.  But now I saw that it was a not an axe but a wooden boat oar, and probably the one Alia and I had used in the canoe.  One of the guys was still holding the broken branch, and he suddenly flung it at Larry’s face, but Larry swatted it away with the oar and then suddenly rushed at the boy, with another wide swing. 
“Three Cuts!”  I shouted hysterically in a hoarse, incoherent rasp.  I still couldn’t process what I was seeing – Larry was swinging his axe-oar in the attackers’ faces with all his might.  He did actually look intimidating and dangerous.
The skinny boy stepped behind a small pine tree, trying to dodge the oar, but Larry shouted angrily and swung it with a surprising quickness.  The oar smacked against the trunk, breaking the small tree in half and knocking the boy off his balance.  He stumbled back in the brush.  
Another of the gang rushed Larry and punched him in the face, but Larry took the punch on his jaw without the slightest effect, and then he quickly jammed the oar’s handle into the boy’s stomach.  The boy fell in a crunch, coughing and gasping for breath.  The others then all stepped back, leaving Jake standing over me, still gripping his knife.  
“Who the fuck are you?” Jake asked again.
“I’m from Two Med, and you better beat it.”   Larry said in a rush – out of breath and gasping for air himself.  He looked down at me and then back at Jake.  He readied the oar for another swing as his chest heaved with short breaths.  
Larry slowly advanced towards Jake, stepping over me as Jake backed away.  Jake made a halfhearted jab at Larry’s gut with the knife, but Larry smacked his arm away with a fast swing of the oar, the wooden handle hitting Jake’s arm.  Jake cursed and he cradled his arm.  
The skinny kid that had been behind the tree stepped out and quickly swung a large branch into Larry back.  Larry grunted and swung the oar at the boy’s side, flipping the oar sideways in his hands as he did, so that the wide head of the oar smacked the boy’s shoulder and caused him to stumble back into the darkness.  Jake watched this standing by a tree, and then cursed Larry and turned and began to sprint back through the woods in the general direction of the car.  
Thirty-Eight


Larry looked around him for a moment, his breathing slowing down.  He looked down at me, and then came over to me and knelt down with one knee on the ground, planting the oar handle in the mud and leaning on it as he looked me over.  His face showed sorrow mixed with a worried concern as he looked over my check, nose and then my neck.  
“Jesus Christ, Will,” he muttered, “what did they do to you?”
“How the hell did you know I was out here?”  I asked; my voice sounded weak and strange.
“Shhhh. Better not talk,” he said.  
He dropped the oar and knelt down, and helped me slowly to sit up.  He looked my neck over and told me to hold my hand over the bleeding cut.  He stood up heavily and slowly and trotted off toward the truck.  I saw him reach into the back and haul out a large tackle box.  He trotted back, his belly bouncing up and down in the headlights; and then he opened the tackle box beside me, pulling out the sliding trays.  He poured some water over my neck and face, which stung horribly and drenched my t-shirt in bloody streams, and then he wrapped my neck in a gauzy bandage.
“This’ll have to do until we get to the hospital,” he said.  He helped me stand up, and I swayed on my feet.  
“Probably got a concussion,” he said, looking analytically into my eyes.  Then he patted me on the back lightly and turned me towards the truck. “You’ll be all right though, boy – you’re tough.”
I didn’t feel tough…  I thought I might die as he set me in the passenger seat, my neck was still bleeding through the bandage.  Larry jerked his truck into reverse and backed out of the woods the way he had driven in – through the small trees and brush and mess.  Branches and leaves covered the hood of the truck.  As we backed out into the road, I looked back and saw that Jake’s car was gone, thankfully.  
We drove for a while in the dark, the truck loudly bumping along in the night, past trees, road signs, occasional shacks and sheds, and we were soon into Browning, to the only hospital anywhere around.  
The emergency department of the hospital received me and took me back to a room, laying me on a bed and pulling off my t-shirt and jeans.  In muddy, soaked underwear, I laid back and let them clean my wounds.  I heard Larry tell them that we worked in Two Medicine and that I had foolishly fallen down a steep ravine on a night hike. 
I was given an IV and they put some kind of pain killer in it, which caused me to experience a wonderful calm and weightlessness – like I was floating slightly above my body.  The doctor shot a local anesthetic into my skin on my neck, and then sewed up the cut.  He did the same on my punctured cheek.  I figured I must have looked terrible, and I didn’t want to see the wounds.
As I lay there being worked on, I couldn’t figure how Larry had come out of the night and saved me.  When the doctor finally finished and the nurses were cleaning up and filling out some paperwork, I looked over sluggishly through a drug haze at Larry, who was sitting in the corner of the room near my bed, arms folded and brooding over my pile of bloody clothes by his feet.
“Larry,” I said, hoarsely.  “You need to tell me – what were you doing out there?  I was nowhere near Two Med.  How the hell did you find me?”
He didn’t look up at me, but kept staring at the bloody clothes.  “I saw the car stopped on the side of the road, still running, and I figured someone needed help.”  He shrugged nonchalantly like it was an everyday thing and perfectly reasonable.  “I saw the path next to the car, leading off into the woods and then I saw some people beating a person on the ground.”
I couldn’t make sense of it, even in my narcotic haze it didn’t make any sense.   
“So you decided to just plow through the woods in your truck?”
“I heard you scream,” he said.  “I thought they were killing you.”
“But why were you even out on the road tonight?  Where were you going?”  It hurt to move my jaw, but I was compelled to keep asking.
“What are you?” he asked, sounding irritated, “Sherlock Holmes?  Just be glad I did.” 
“But…”  I sluggishly protested as my mouth now feeling numb from the local anesthetic.
“Just drop it, for now,” he interrupted.  “I’ll explain it all on the ride back.”  He got up and walking out towards the lobby.

The nurses gave me some pills for the pain, antibiotics, and some topical ointment, and also some discharge paperwork warning about the signs of a concussion.  I signed myself out and found Larry in the lobby.  He helped me walk out towards his car, and got me situated in the seat.  
We drove off into the dark, again, this time pointing back towards Two Med.
	Larry switched off the radio after a while, looking over at me for a second.  
	“You ok?” he asked.
	My head was leaning against the window and I was feeling hazy and nauseous – a side effect of the pain killers I figured.  The pain had returned somewhat, but I was ok, and told him so.
	“Thank you for saving my life, Larry,” I said in a muffled croak.  My cheek rested on the window.  The coolness of the glass felt calming on my skin, which was burning hot around the wounds.
	Larry reached up with a large Mason jar in his hands and took a swig of something brown.   
	“Don’t thank me,” he said.  “Thank Ronnie.”
	“Ronnie?”  I turned my head slowly from the window and looked at Larry.  “Thank him why?”
	Larry nodded.  “He told me that you were out at the lodge, and that you were maybe gonna be in trouble with some locals.”  Larry ran a hand over his stubbly head.   “He said some Reds were after you because you went to the powwow.”  
	I thought about what Jake had said before he tried to cut my throat.  “Why would Ronnie tell you?” I asked hoarsely.  “What did he expect you to do?”
	Larry shrugged.  He took another swig and settled back against the rear window.  I could now smell the sugary smell of whiskey coming from the jar – and from him.  I looked at Larry’s face and he looked exhausted.  
He rubbed his nose and held the steering wheel with one hand, the other wrapped around the Mason jar.  “I told Ronnie that that story about the powwow was horseshit,” he said.  “But Ronnie was so damned adamant… I had never seen him worry about anything.”  Another swig, the jar was almost empty.    
	“I looked that young man straight in the eye and told him to tell me straight off what the hell was going on; and he told me that the Reds were out to get you because they thought you killed that girl you brought around – Alia.”   He looked at me for a moment, seeming to gauge my reaction.
	“I figured that was horseshit too,” he resumed, looking back out onto the road. “But Ronnie was so damned adamant… I knew something was up.”  
	Larry finished the jar and dropped in into the floor board, where it rolled back under his seat.  “You’re no killer.” he said, quietly, strangely. 
	“Are you ok?” I asked after a moment.  
	He burped and took a deep breath.  “We here.”  He pulled off the road and drove down the dirt road and into Two Med’s parking lot.  
We parked by the store and all the lights were off inside.  It must have been one or two in the morning, I figured.  Larry’s old truck didn’t have a clock.  Larry walked me across the lawn and up the back stairs to the kitchen and tried to flick on the lights, but the power was out.  I squinted in the dark as he rooted around in one of the kitchen drawers and brought out a candle, lighting it with one of the big wooden matches used to light the fireplace.  As my eyes adjusted to the flame’s light, he carefully sat me down at the table.  
“You look like you need a drink,” he said, walking over to a cabinet and pulling out a bottle of Jack Daniels.  “And so do I.”
	I watched him pour two large glasses halfway up and then drop a couple of ice cubes in each.  He sat down and put the glasses between us.  
	We each took our glasses and paused before sipping.  He leaned his glass over to mine, and clinked them together in a quite toast.
	“Here’s to my last night in Two Med,” he said gruffly.  His eyes looked tear-filled – on the brink of crying.  It was a blotchy and wretched face that shown over the whiskey glass.  His eyes closed as he took a long gulp of whiskey.
	“What are you talking about?” I asked him, sounding just as gruff.  What a pair we made, and what an image, I thought.  One guy banded up like a patched-up, bloody mummy, looking like he’d been in a war, and the other a muddy, teary-eyed ogre – sipping drinks like two comrades in arms.
	Larry didn’t say anything for a long time, and then cleared his throat. “I’m turning myself in tomorrow, because I killed that girl, Alia.”

Thirty-Nine


I stared at him, mute, my glass touching my lips.  I felt my heart stop and turn to lead in my chest.  
	“What?”  I asked him.
	He nodded, tears beginning to stream down his face.  “I killed her, Will.  I did it.”  He said, his face contorted into a hideous crying mess.  
	I was unable to make sense of it as he cried silently for what seemed a few minutes; then he reached back and drained his entire glass.  He then grabbed my glass and held it, as if for support.  The ice cubes spun around and settled in the whiskey.
	“I ran her down,” he said, “in my truck.  That night I had been to see Nancy – she’s this woman who has a place on the outskirts of Browning.  She’s a… a prostitute,” he said, blurting out the word like it was a bullet. 
	I shook my head in disbelief.  “You ran her down?”  
	“I was driving back from seeing Nancy; I been seeing her a lot lately...  I do it on my runs back from Kalispell for supplies.  I was driving late and I must have not seen her – Alia – on the road I mean, not before I knew that I had ran straight over somebody and…”  He stopped, and chocked back a sob.  He put a hand to his awkwardly to his mouth and then wiped away new tears.
“It sounded like I ran over a log, Will.  The ‘thumping – like I ran over a big log.’” 
	A bitter taste filled my mouth as tears now filled my own eyes as I pictured it.  
“You stupid, dirty bastard,” I said quietly, viciously.  “You killed her. And you didn’t even do anything to help her, just left her out there?  You didn’t even tell anyone what happened?”
	He looked shocked and afraid. “How could I?  I got out and saw she was dead.  I mean I… panicked… and.”  He looked down at the glass and raised it to take a sip, but then thought better of it and dropped it back to the table.  
“I dragged her body into the woods, as far as I could go in the dark.  I left her there.  She was dead, though.”  He nodded slowly at his glass.  “She didn’t suffer.”
	“Were you drunk?” I demanded.
	He shook his head. “No. I was sober.  Been drinking a river since then though, yes sir.  I’ve barely eaten, barely slept, barely worked since I did it; but I’ve been drinking.” 
	My mind flashed to the police photos Greg had obtained.  “How did you get her out there without leaving footprints?”
	Larry looked down at his glass.  He wiped his mouth with the back of his hand.  “After I laid her body down in the woods, I could see deep prints of my boots everywhere.  I broke off a branch and swirled it around in the mud and dirt until it was unrecognizable.”
	I shook my head and cursed him under my breath bitterly.  I couldn’t think of what to say.
He suddenly looked back up at me, took a deep breath, and drew himself up with resolve.  “Tomorrow morning I’m going to the BIA and confessing – no two ways about it.  My truck still probably has some evidence of her on it, I’m sure.  It was banged up in the front by the hit, but it was banged up already before in the front so I don’t know what’s there.”
He shook his head mournfully.  “I’m going away for life, and I don’t know what’s gonna happen to Phyllis.  But I gotta finally do what is right.”  He choked out the last words and then slowly sank his head onto his arms on the table, crying in violent sobs, his shoulders heaving.  
	I just sat there and watched him.  I felt cold and dead inside, and knowing who killed her finally had changed nothing in me, not yet.  I wished for a moment that he had never come to get me.   I imagined, one final time, Alia’s little body smashed up in the woods, now seeing her dragged by Larry into some dark recess in the trees.  Her sweet face pressed down in the dirt.
	“I was sober twenty years before all this,” Larry said quietly, looking up slowly staring off into the dark corners of the kitchen, as if looking for something, or someone, else to talk to.  
“Did you know I did a tour in Vietnam when I was seventeen?” he asked me. “Lied about my age.”  
I said nothing but just watched him through teary, stinging eyes.  
“Well, I had a brother, Carl, who I was closer to than any man on earth.  He was the best man I’ve ever known.  He was two years older than me; and he took over for the family at thirteen years old – after my father died.  Carl was mature and a strong man, Will, even at that age.  A man; and he always took care of me and my sister.  I looked up to him like a father.  He’d protect me from bullies, take care of me when I had a stomach ache, and read to me and sissy at night.”  Larry sniffed back tears.
“Years later he sat me down and told me, the day I was to ship off to Vietnam, that if anything ever happened to me over there, that he would go over there and get me… Can you believe that?  He said that.”
“What happened to him?” I asked.  
“Car accident,” Larry let out a bitter laugh, or a cough, it was hard to tell which with his voice so choked with emotion.  
Larry stood up heavily, and dumped his glass into the sink.  He rinsed the glasses out and placed them on a rack to dry.  He turned to go, and on his way out I heard him say, “I wish he was here now.”  He said it in a tender, child-like voice.
	I got up and walked over to the phone, walking very slowly as to not lose my balance.  I dialed Greg’s work number at the main station, which I knew no one would answer at this time, and said into the voicemail:  “This message is for Greg.  This is Will at Two Med.  Greg, give me a call in the morning first thing.”

I tried to sleep that night but could not keep my eyes closed – not even with the hospital meds still working their magic through my system.  I felt more in shock than anything else, not angry, strangely, or bitter.   
The sweat lodge, the attack, Ronnie’s involvement, and, finally, Larry killing Alia, all ran through my mind in a whirl of images.  I was amazed that the man who had killed Alia had been sleeping only yards from my room all this time… had been only a few feet away from me each day, as I wandered the Park and lurked around Browning, talking to neighbors and tribe councilmen and everyone about Alia.  I realized Jake must have simply gotten Alia’s earrings from her room at Clayton’s, and then sent them to me in a blunt attempt to scare me off.
Now two primary questions haunted me the most: why then did Jake attack me?  And how was Ronnie actually involved?  Then a third, new question floated up from the pain and haze of my wounded head: What was going to happen to Larry?
	By the time that daybreak hinted its arrival in the greying sky outside my window, I had resolved to tell Greg what happened, and the BIA as well.  Regardless of anything else, Greg should know, I reasoned.  Siegfried and Roy suddenly flew in through a crack near the window,  startling me; and then they clung to the roof, nestling into the same exact spots they chose every morning.  
	I got up very sore and stiff from the bed.  I hobbled over to the window and witnessed, for the first time, the rising sun lighting up the peaks of the mountains visible from my window.  Thin clouds were set vividly aflame with red-orange and vivid gold.  I pushed open the window further and cold, crisp air flowed past my face; it smelled of water and pine.  Larry had always bitched that nobody else got up to see the sunrises but him, that we all missed it, and he had finally gotten me to see one – the worst way possible.  
	I showered as best I could with my wounds and bandages over my neck and cheek.  I looked at myself in the mirror after the shower and found that I didn’t look as bad as I expected, aside from the long dark bruises along my back and legs and innumerable scratches and scrapes everywhere.  I did actually look like a man who had fallen down a ravine.
	Satisfied that I was presentable enough, I walked stiffly downstairs to the kitchen.  I found a pen and pulled out some paper from a notebook, and sat down at the table.   Nobody was up yet, not even Larry or Phyllis, and I wanted to get my thoughts straight without distraction.  I set out two blank pieces of paper in front of me and put the notebook away.  Two letters to two men.
	I wrote for a minute and re-read my words.   Satisfied with the wording, I folded up the first page.  I wrote “Larry” on the front and set it aside.  
	I wrote a paragraph on the next paper, writing carefully and pausing frequently.   Once finished, I read over the words again.  I walked upstairs and slid the letter under Ronnie’s door.  Then I walked across the dark, empty store and left out of the front doors, near where Larry parked his truck.  I slid his letter under one of his windshield wipers. 

*The two letters are printed at the end of this book, reader.  It is best if you wait to read them until you reach the end. 
Forty


I got the canoe unlocked and put the oar in the boat (the same one Larry had used, which I found in the back of his truck) and shoved off alone onto the glass-smooth lake.  The valley around me was coming alive and I could hear tiny Black-capped Chickadees chirping from all over across the water.  Ducks flew off in the distance across the surface, which reflected Mount Sinopah at the farther end.  A foggy mist lay on the far bank below the summit, obscuring the feet of the mountain.  A moist coolness flowed across the surface and over my face as I paddled over the dark and silent water.  Skimming along perfectly quietly, with hardly any effort, I breathed in the smell of Two Medicine in the early morning, as if the lake was a sleeping life form of its own.  
	I remembered Alia and I’s day on the water, and how she had told me about her family, her past.  I remembered how closely she sat near me in the boat, how I could smell her; I remembered her voice, how she talked.  I played the whole series of events with her and I meeting all over again as I paddled.  
I wished she was in the canoe with me now and that we had the valley to ourselves, for good.
As I got to the south end of the lake I turned the nose of the canoe into the runoff area where the little river began which connected the two lakes.  I scraped over some rocks in the shallow stream before getting to the deeper part, where the river widened and the current slowed.  
I remember seeing the meandering river on the maps when I first looked at Two Med, and recollected the river had a name but I couldn’t remember what.  It was only about twenty feet across at its widest and very shallow in most places – only a foot or two deep.  I didn’t have to paddle as the current slid me past the rocks and roots underwater, quickly and silently.  I passed some camp sites where tents sat encircled with coolers, chairs, clothes hanging to dry and little tables had been set up.  A couple of the camps though were already busy with activity, early-risers cooking on little propane stoves or over newly-lit campfires; the raw aroma of bacon, eggs, toast, cinnamon buns and coffee.  A couple of other sites were packing up to leave.  No one saw me floating by.

After a while I spied Greg’s house in the distance beyond the small pines along the bank, and I paddled over to the edge.  I stepped out into the water and dragged the canoe up the bank to the weeds beyond some trees, grimacing as pain shot through my back and my head pounded with the effort.   I walked carefully through the trees over to Greg’s lawn and then climbed up his back porch steps, resting on a bench that ran the length of the house.  I looked at my watch and it was 6:50.  I didn’t want to wake them by knocking, and I figured Greg would be up soon anyway so I settled back to wait.  I wondered what Larry would do when he got my letter.
	  I eventually heard someone in the kitchen and carefully looked through the sliding glass door, hoping I didn’t see anyone naked or anything like that.  Greg was in a bathrobe making coffee.  I knocked softly on the glass door and he looked up sharply, then recognized me and smiled with a curiosity that grew into alarm when he saw my bandages.  He motioned for me to come in, giving me the “shhh” sign as I slid the door open.
	“Dee’s asleep,” he said in a whisper, and sat me down at the kitchen.  “What the hell happened to you?”
	“That’s what I came to talk to you about.”  
	He nodded, and then said, “Let me get you a cup of coffee and we’ll sit out back.”  
	We were soon planted back on the bench again, with a mug of coffee in our hands.   The morning was coming up bright and clear, the sky overhead was now a light, bird’s egg blue.
	“I was almost killed by Jake after the powwow,” I told him.  “He and some of his friends tracked me down on the road, after the powwow was over, and jumped me.”  
I told him about the sweat lodge, and then how I found myself out on the road.  I told him about the attack and about Larry coming to my rescue.  For some reason, I stopped right at the point of telling him that Larry had accidentally killed Alia.  Something held me back. 
	As I spoke, Greg looked more agitated by the second.  “Jesus Christ.  Look, I’m sorry Will; I got a call in from the station that there was some major trouble in the camp with some drunk kids.  It turned out to be a total false alarm, a prank; and now I think I know who made that call – to get you and I separated.”
“Jake probably, or one of his gang,” I said, resting my head back on the wall behind us.  My neck ached as I stretched back against the house.  “I’m not sure how much Clayton is wrapped up in this – if at all – but Jake has got to be the one running the drug deals that the BIA and feds are focused on.  I don’t know why else he would try to kill me in front of everyone like that.”
Greg shook his head.  “You don’t see it, Will?  He killed Alia, I knew it all along.  And he thinks you’re bringing the heat around Browning, bringing focus to it all.  You got him scared.”
“He didn’t seem very scared.”  I thought about Larry’s confession, and then a new idea occurred to me.  
“What I don’t get,” Greg said, growing more energized as sipped his coffee, “Is that Larry just happened to be driving by and saw you in the woods?”  
	“That’s what he told me.”  I shrugged.
I watched Greg running over the logic (or lack thereof) of my story in his head; and I didn’t want him to start picking apart the details too closely, not yet.  
“What are you going to do?” I asked him. 
He looked at me and thought for a second.  “Arrest Jake.  Call the cops and have them send a car to Rick’s – talk to him too.”  Greg took a thoughtful sip of his coffee.  “Think you can identify the others that attacked you?”
“Maybe, it was pretty dark and rainy most of the time.  But yea, maybe.”
“Larry could, I bet,” Greg said, getting up from the bench.  “I’ll give him a call in a bit and see what he can remember.”
I held onto his sleeve to stop him.  “Best leave him out of it.” 
Greg looked at me.  “Why?”
Is telling half a truth the same as a lie?  “He was out that night doing something he wouldn’t want to have to explain.”  I told Greg that Larry had visited a hooker’s house and that he couldn’t handle that being exposed – that it would ruin Phyllis and destroy their marriage.   
“He’s so distraught over the whole thing, the attack, and everything, that I don’t think he’ll ever go within a mile of Browning again,” I said.  “After what he did for me; I want to protect him.”
“But he’ll need to be a witness against Jake, at least!”  
“I don’t think so, Greg.  If you can just leave him out of this; I would consider it a personal favor to me.”
“But how will you explain things then?  How would you have gotten back to town?”
“It’ll just look like they meant only to rough me up, scare me a little, and then I hitched back with some stranger,” I said.  “Simple as that.”
Greg looked dubious, but was eager to get a call into the BIA and report the attack, so we separated after he asked me a few more questions about the ordeal, basically making me repeat it all again as he scribbled quick notes.
Soon he was at the phone in his kitchen, talking to the ranger station at the main lodge and then putting a call into the BIA in Browning.  His exited chatter made me remember how much he had wanted to be a real cop, and was so on board initially with my amateur investigation; and then how much he had pulled back after facing the resistance at home and at work.  Now he must have felt vindicated.  

Not long after we got ready and he told Dee some bare details on what we were doing, we were tearing off down the road in his truck.  Greg advised that I’d have to come down to the BIA office to make a formal statement, but I had already intended to anyway so I went along with it.  Larry’s involvement was still officially off the record, and the more time went by the more conviction I had as to how to deal with him.  
We got to the BIA office within the hour, and I was soon sitting, once again, in Olsterman’s office, facing his big messy desk with its coffee stained papers and dusty tape recorder.  Greg had left me there to check in with the other rangers at the main lodge and fill them in on the plan for that day.
Olsterman was late arriving and I waited about ten minutes until he eventually walked into this office, shutting the door behind him.  I watched his face as he came in; he looked the same as before – the same big egg-shaped head with a police officer’s hat jammed down onto it, which he took off and hung on a rack as he settled into his chair – the same red face with eyes close together and the stubbly, grey-white beard.  He did not look particularly pleased to see me sitting in his office again.  I wondered suddenly if Larry had already contacted him and confessed.
	“Greg filled me in on the phone.”  He said in his slow drawl as he heavily sat down in his leather desk-chair.  “And it seems like you’re lucky to be alive young man.”
	“I don’t feel too lucky,” I said, stretching my neck a little bit, feeling the tape from the bandage pulling against my skin.
	“Are you willing to make a statement?”  He reached over and pulled the tape recorder closer to him.
	“Of course.”  
	The officer reached over and grabbed his legal pad, and set it in front of me, handing me a pen.  “First we’ll record your verbal statement; then you write it out – make it as detailed as you can.  Start with the beginning, where you were when you got to the powwow, and so on.”  
	I told him the whole story except with Larry carefully removed, and then wrote down the same version, also not mentioning Ronnie in any of it.  As I spoke I remembered that the staff could place Larry with me at the hospital, so I quickly added, to make it fit, that once I got back to the store Larry drove me in to get treatment.  
	I felt squeamish about not reporting everything I knew, but then again I felt like I owned this story and the truth behind it – that I had earned the truth and that I had purchased it at some great costs to my self – with blood.   As for Ronnie, I still didn’t really know how involved he was, and I wanted to know where he fit in before I ratted him out – that’s what the letter to him was for.

I finished the meeting by formally pressing charges against Jake for assault and battery.  I tried to water-down how close he had come to killing me because I felt like the bigger the criminal case got as far as the attack, the more it would be investigated and the my story wouldn’t hold up.  I just wanted Jake finally arrested and the cops to start interrogating him and soon the drugs connection would get out, so I put him out of my life for good.  He was a now a dangerous and unpredictable factor that I wanted to get rid of.   
	After I was done the officer had a deputy give me a ride back to Two Med.  I was apprehensive.  Would Larry be there?  Would Ronnie?  What would I say to either them?  Was it even safe to be back?
	As we turned off into the parking lot of the store I saw that Larry’s truck was still where I had left it that morning.   I had the BIA cop drive me over to the back of the store and let me out – I was feeling the pain and soreness returning after the ER’s meds had finally worn off and I could barely turn my head as I got out of the cop car.  
As I walked towards our back porch I saw Ronnie stock still like a lanky statue, leaning against the railing, a smoking cigarette between the fingers of his hand.  He looked over at me and then the cop car with dismay and then turned his gaze back up to the mountains our side of the lake, as if taking in the air.  The telescope mounted on the railing beside him pointed down at the ground.
	I hobbled up the stairs and sat down on a chair.  Ronnie turned and looked at me, looking over my various wounds, and then shook his head mournfully and stared back out over the valley. 
	“You got my letter?”  I asked. 
	He nodded.  “So they really did it,” he said.  “Jake told me he was going to take you out but I didn’t believe him.  That psycho’s been threatening it for so damn long.”  
	 “You believed him enough to tell Larry to come get me.”  
	“Well if it was going to happen, I knew it was going to happen then after the powwow.” 
I thought back to when I had first met Ronnie, that morning I had arrived fresh from the jammer bus, it felt like years ago.  There was so much about him I had yet to know.  “You got my letter?”  
He nodded, still facing away from me. “When Thunderbird called the store last night to see if you were back from the powwow, and when he said Greg had left you there, I got this feeling... this feeling that Jake was going to make his move.  I didn’t know who else to tell but Larry… of all people – that’s the insane part of all this.”
	He flicked the cigarette out over the grass and turned and leaned against the rail, facing me.  He nodded to where the cop car had been. “So am I going to jail?”	
	I looked at him for a moment.  “There’s a bag of pills from the hospital on the kitchen counter.  Go get it for me please.”  
	He went in and then returned with the bag and a glass of water.  I popped one of the bottles open and swallowed a large, pain pill. 
	“So tell me what you are into with Jake and the rest of them.”  I stopped trying to look at him which craned my neck, and I sat perfectly still so as not to move one battered muscle.
	Ronnie just stood there for a minutes, frowning and thinking.  “That big bag of weed was just the beginning.”  He turned and pulled his cigarettes from his pocket and lit it on, the flame of the lighter illuminating his moustache for a second.  “Clayton and Jake and I had gotten to talking, you know, when I first got her and needed to buy some week.  They told me that they had a connection in Canada that could get me a lot more, a whole lot more, but that they had no market for it, not enough customers, not here in Browning.  I told Clayton I knew a lot of drug people in Detroit and how Detroit was a bottomless pit of all kinds of vices, that folks would buy anything there – which is true.”  
	He took a long drag from his cigarette and blew it out slowly from his nose.  “It was mostly just bullshit talk, and Clayton seemed kind of reluctant to get going after a while.  But Jake came to me here at the store one day and said he had already gotten things off the ground and had a truck coming in from Calgary with two hundred pounds of weed that I was going to have to transport back to Detroit, with one of Jake’s guys going with me to make sure it went smoothly.
	He took a drag off his cigarette.  “I just thought ‘Oh shit, what have I got into?’  The whole thing started getting too crazy, Will, and it became more about Jake and less about me – and Clayton wasn’t even in the picture anymore.”
	“So Clayton wasn’t involved – not in my thing either?”  I asked.
	Ronnie shrugged.  “He kind of was at first, but then he quit it and after insane Jake started running the show.  Jake said he had two hundred and fifty thousand dollars of the family money tied up in the weed deal, and that I was going to have to deliver some funds from Michigan soon to help buy him out or I be dealing with ‘some bad people from the North.’  That was it for me.  I mean I needed money, I have a lot of debts back in Michigan, but not enough to get killed or put in jail over.”
	“So you bailed.”  
	“I tried to, but Jake said he’d be going to Detroit with me within a few days, or that he’d be going to my funeral in Detroit in a few days.  He also told me that he had decided to get you out of the picture at the powwow because you were stirring up the BIA over Alia’s death.”
Ronnie smoked the last grain of tobacco above the filter and then flicked the second cigarette out into the grass.  “I guess now he’s going to get arrested, and maybe that will put a stop to this whole debacle.”  Ronnie seemed resigned to some new fate that involved everyone going to jail.  All of his energy and toughness had evaporated from him – maybe all blown out in a final, defeated cloud of cigarette smoke. 
	“You’ve been so different the past few weeks… I should have figured it out,” I said. “I was blinded by Alia’s dying.”
	“Jake didn’t kill her,” Ronnie said.  “He actually seemed pissed off about it, and Clayton was just as angry as anyone.  But,” he said, “she was involved in the business, Will.  She was running money up to Canada for Jake and Clayton, and bringing back some small-time deliveries.   She had quit it though, after she met you.  That’s what had Jake so pissed off at you; I think he was in love with her.”
	“Why didn’t she tell me any of that?” I wondered out loud.
	“Who knows?” Ronnie said.  “She didn’t want to scare you away, probably.  She had just gotten to know you, probably the first good guy she had ever met who wasn’t Browning trash.  Didn’t want to ruin it.”
	Ronnie took a deep breath.  “It feels good to get this all out, Will, even if I do go to jail for the rest of my life.” He offered the mountains a weak smile.
	“When Jake had his knife to my throat, he said to ask you why,” I said.
	Ronnie frowned, “I think he was going to try to pin your murder on me.”  He shook his head at spit at the porch floor, “He’s seriously mental, Will, and I didn’t know what to do.  I didn’t know who to tell.  I was thinking of just splitting a couple of nights ago.”
	“Why didn’t you?”
	He shook his head.  “Something kept me.”
	“Well I don’t think you’re going to jail.”  I said.
	“Come on man,” Ronnie looked at me, smirking grimly. “I know the sentences for possession with intent to deliver; money laundering; attempted murder if Jake decides to lie about me to the cops.  Twenty years mandatory, easily, even in this wild place.”
	I then told Ronnie about how I had only filed a complaint against Jake for the assault and how I had just hinted to the cops about my suspicions about the drugs.  “That’s all I had,” I said, “Suspicions, in the end.  But I never mentioned your name; and I don’t think anyone else will either.”
	“Why not?”  Ronnie asked.
	“Because Jake’s not going to tie you into some story that will just shed more light on his dealings with the Canadian drug people, across national borders and state lines.  And Clayton, if he is arrested at all, won’t be either for the same reasons.  They have nothing to gain by ratting you out, and you’d do them more harm than good if they dragged you into it.”
	Ronnie nodded slowly but didn’t look too convinced.  “Jake’s not too bright, but we’ll just have to see.  He’ll probably rat out the Canadian gang, with their big shipment coming in soon.  That’ll be interesting...  seeing what they do to that poor bastard.”
	He looked back at me.  “So you going to be okay, no major damage?”
	“I’ll live.”
	“That’s good.  So, the big questions is still out there… who do you think killed Alia?”
	I looked out past the trees and over the surface of the lake; a couple of hawks as they soared low over the water and then flapped heavily up to the top of a pine tree hanging over the surface.  I watched them perch there and imagined the view they had with their keen eye sight, watching me watch them.
	“You might never know,” I said.
	Ronnie shook his head again and turned to go back inside.  I looked up at him, squinting at the bright sky behind his face.  As he passed he paused and reached out and put a hand on my shoulder.  “Well it was good knowing you, Chiefy.”  

I stayed on the porch a while and thought hard about my course of action.   Keeping the truth from Greg seemed right to me, to protect the right people, but remembering Greg’s fervor in trying to solve a real case, finally a real case for the Khaki Kops, and the heat he got for it, after years of unsatisfying work and unhappiness, I felt sorry for him.  Maybe I will tell him, I thought – I just don’t know if he’ll have to do something about it.
I thought about Officer Olsterman too, but I had no loyalties to him and no qualms feeding him just enough to get rid of Jake.  I wondered who Alia would want to know about who killed her… Clayton maybe... Sky too.
	As I thought it over more, I felt strongly that she would want some to know, and some not.  Some to mourn and others to forget.  And as for Larry being charged with murder… well… I smiled to myself: she very well might have wanted him chained up like a beast…  But, no, probably she’d have pity even on him, like I did, pity for a brutish fool, blundering around and knocking things over.   
Pity especially if she had seen Larry show an intimacy and vulnerability that convinced me his guilt should remain a secret.  If he wanted to turn himself in, that was his business; but I wasn’t going to add to the fallout of what he did by destroying his and Phyllis’ lives. 
I got up slowly from my chair, which had grown a bit painful to sit in, and stood at the railing, my face lit up in warmth from the sun that now reached over the mountains, basking the back of the store in a bright glow.   
I took my bag of meds and walked through the kitchen, climbing up the stairs and walking into my room.  I tossed the meds on my bed and then stopped to look around, and I knew it was for the last time.  I had decided – almost instantaneously when I walked into that room – that I couldn’t now just resume life in the store like nothing had happened.  I couldn’t face Larry the same way again, not without everyone else knowing what I knew.  It all just felt… over.  Finished.
Also, in the back of my mind, I felt like it was just possible that some sort of retaliation may be heading my way for what I just told the BIA; and I didn’t want anyone in the store put in danger.  I decided I would ask to crash with Greg for a few days, while I figured out what to do, where to go.  Nobody would know I was there.  And if he couldn’t have me there, well… I would figure something out.  
I would also have to figure out a new job, I reasoned as I sat on the bed, something to keep me in Montana, keep me near this place I felt attached to, yet so apart from.  I longed to live here in those simpler times of early summer, with the sunny hiking trails awaiting and the glistening lake resting nearby.  I had saved a little money from the store job, not having anything to spend my pay on, so I would be okay for a while.
As I looked over the room, the bed, old chest of drawers, the bats on the ceiling, the tattered area rug over hard wood floorboards, the now-familiar wood grain patterns in the door, the big window that stayed open all the time, I knew that I would very much miss that simple little room. 

Forty-One


I sat quietly for a while, looking around at the four walls that had been part of my home for months.  I wouldn’t miss the rest of the store, not really – just my room.  I knew the place so well, the ceiling with its nails sticking out, the old smell of the varnish on the walls, the bush outside the window.  It saddened me to leave it.  
I smoothed out some wrinkles in the covers beside me.  So many thoughts and events had passed over my sleeping body on that small bed.  Alia had lain with me there and left me there.   
I stood up and went down the hall to Katie’s room.  I could hear Ronnie taking a shower in the bathroom.   I knocked on Katie’s door and she answered with wet hair and a towel on.  She looked so fresh and beautiful, hair all tossed around wet and dark.  Her jaw fell open and I forget what I must look like, and I scolded myself for giving her such a shock with no warning.
“Katie, I’m fine,” I said, reaching out and holding her hand.  “Sorry about that.”   
She put her other hand up to my cheek and felt one of the big bumps on my forehead, which had now taken on a bluish hue.  
“What the heck happened, Will?” she asked with a horrified expression.  “You okay?”  
“Yea, Katie, I’m fine – believe me.  But I need to talk to you for a sec.”
She nodded distractedly and led me into her room and sat me on her bed with care, and then went around kicking some clothes strewn about under the bed to tidy up.  She had decorated her room much more than Ronnie or I had, I noticed again, and had made it a separate home, distinct, personal, private.  Photos, art, flowers in small vases and candles placed here and there.  I felt like I was visiting another house altogether – intruding into someone’s home.
“I’m moving out today,” I said.
She gaped again at me and then said, “Whoa, whoa, whoa….” holding up her hand to stop me from speaking further.  “Back up mister.  First, what the hell happened to your face?”
“I got in a fight at the Blackfoot powwow,” I said.  “Technically honest” was still honest, after all.  
“With who?”  She folded her arms and stared down at me.
“Some of the Indians.”
“Why?”  
“They didn’t like that I was there.”  
Standing in front of me like a principal moralizing a student, she shook her head, “This was about Alia wasn’t it?  Whoever did that to you may have done that to her… did you think of that?”
“It did actually,” I said flatly.
She huffed, rolling her eyes.
“I filed a police report against them,” I said, “so I’ll let the BIA take it from there.”
She eyed me with a new suspicion.  “You seem awful calm about all this.”
“It’s the meds,” I said simply.  Still technically true.  
“Listen, Katie,” I patted the bed beside me, “listen to me for a little bit, okay?”  She sat down after hesitating a moment, wanting to interrogate me more.   She sat carefully, folding the towel under her.  She brushed her wet hair aside and looked at me doubtfully.  
“This did have something to do with Alia,” I said, “but not in the way you think.  I found out that she was killed by a hit-and-run driver, not by some of the people I originally expected – she was killed by someone I never expected.  But this someone, Katie, he’s suffered enough, and I’m going to let it go.”
She looked at me stunned for a moment; her eyes searching mine for more information.  
“You know who it is, but you aren’t going to tell the police?” she asked in shock.
I nodded my head.
“But after all that…” she said, shaking her head.
“I’ve forgiven him,” I said, watching her eyes.
After a moment, I continued, “But after the fight I was in, I learned that there is a lot of stuff going on in Browning that I need to avoid, for now.  So, I’m going to lay low for a bit.”
“So you’re going into hiding from them?”  
“No… it’s not like that,” I said.  “I just can’t go back to living here like before, not now, not after last night.”
She still looked at me doubtfully, with a woman’s intuition telling her that she wasn’t getting anything near the whole story.  
“I’ll still drop by and see you before the summer is over, Katie; but I just wanted to see especially you and tell you goodbye.”  I got up from the couch with a wince, and she saw it.  She stared at me with a hard, cold expression now on her face.
“So you’re just going to take off and leave me?” she asked icily.  “Just like that?”
I pulled her up to stand in front of me and I looked her in the eyes and said, “Listen to me.  I’m really glad you came back to this place, Katie, and that you worked here this summer.   You are an incredible girl that I love getting to know, and I feel as close to you as anyone here.   I want to keep being your friend and I really don’t ever want to stop.  Is that ok with you?”  I asked.
Her doubtful frown finally broke and tears welled up in her eyes.  She swallowed, and then laughed with embarrassment.   She wiped the tears away with the heels of her hands like she always did, and then hugged me tightly, and I didn’t make a sound despite the pain that wracked my body when she did so.  It felt good to feel that pain.
Katie made me promise to go to church with her one more time before the summer was out, and told me to call her that night to let her know where I was and that I was safe. 

I packed everything in just a few minutes.  All I left was the tattered Heart of Darkness copy by the bed on the nightstand, which I had never gotten a chance to read. 
	I went and told Ronnie I was leaving, and he didn’t even seem surprised.  He offered to drive me over to Greg’s, but I knew that he was booked to work the front register and was already late, so I’d have to wait until his lunch break if he was going to take me.   
I knew Larry and the rest could handle the store without me, now that the summer was winding down and the tourists and campers were dwindling in number.  But closing the store down on the last day of the season was a major chore I knew – packing up everything for the winter – cleaning the place from top to bottom; and I was sorry I was dumping that on the rest of them.  
	Instead of waiting around till lunch, I walked out of the store alone, just as I had come.  I left out of the back kitchen door, not looking back once at the ancient, log building that had been my home.  
I walked over the gravel and down the path that led to the road, and then walked the quarter mile or so to where it met the main park road.  I figured I would wait for a red jammer bus and hitch a ride, hoping to get it to drop me near Greg’s.    
I stood next to the road, my back to the gravel dirt path that led to the store, facing the thick woods across from me, waiting for a rickety old jammer bus, a backpack hanging on my shoulder (I had finally abandoned the old suitcase), my guitar case, and my precious bag of meds.  

Forty-Two


	Later that morning I was walking up to Greg’s house.  Dee was out in the front yard playing in the grass with Ophie, and she waved as I walked me over, saying something to Ophie.  I came over to them and dropped my things.  She looked up at me warmly and didn’t seem surprised by my rough and beaten appearance.  Ophie barely glanced up and seemed to take no notice as well.
	“Hey Will... sit down in the sun with us,” Dee said.
I sat down slowly, settling into a position with my back to the sunlight.  Dee looked over my things.  “Going somewhere?”  
“Well,” I said, “I wasn’t expecting to just drop this on you, but I was wondering if I could crash here – just for a couple days – until I find a new place.  I was gonna ask Greg first but I’m guessing he’s not here.”
Dee just nodded as if it was a perfectly normal thing to ask.  “Officer Olsterman called this morning, looking for Greg.  I had him tell me the whole thing.  I think he forgets I’m a ranger too, that old fart.”  She smiled, and Ophie held up to her a dandelion; Dee picked it up and twirled it in her hand.  Ophie was stacking plastic Lego bricks together to make a house in the grass.
“I was gonna call over to Two Med and see how you were doing, see if you needed anything,” Dee said.  “Then I see you walking up with your bag and guitar like you live here already.”
I laughed.  “I hope Greg doesn’t think I’m barging in, but I am a good cook – at least as far as the Two Med snack bar menu goes.”
“You hear that Ophie?”  Dee asked the little girl.  Ophie did not indicate she heard anything, but kept on focusing on her little Lego building.  “Will’s gonna make us some Huckleberry shakes!”  
“As many as you can handle,” I said.  “Also, I think I can make it up to him.  I have some news that he will find interesting.”
She looked at me curiously for a moment, but then nodded and looked down at Ophie.  “Well you certainly travel light.  Of course you can stay here – as long as you need.”
She probably knew more about the whole thing that I realized.  I still was wavering on telling Greg about Larry’s accident; and the problem still would be what Greg did with the news.  But I felt as I watched Dee and Ophie playing and thought about Greg’s life, that I had to tell him who killed Alia – I couldn’t just leave him in the dark forever.  He had risked his job at one point, after all.

We hung out on the grass for a while, watching Ophie construct her house and then put a live turtle in it, which she had found in the road days before.  As she played, I told my sanitized versions about the powwow, Jake, and the rest, to Dee as we sat there.  I felt so relaxed, just sitting in the sun with nothing to do for the moment, and in Dee’s calming presence, and nothing pressing down on me, that I couldn’t stop smiling.  I got out my guitar and strummed some chords, letting my mind wander into a thoughtless peace, letting the notes and melody wander over the grass and into the air.  The meds were apparently still doing their work…
The mountains near Two Medicine Lake were still visible from Greg’s house – just the peaks over the trees, though.  I watched them with the familiar eye of a local, and imagined myself on one of the peaks looking down.  I decided I would put my worried aside and wait until the next day to decide where to go, where to work, where to live.  I strummed the chords some more until the sun reached higher and Dee called me out of my reverie to go in and have lunch.  
I ate and we cleaned up, and then I suddenly felt so exhausted that I stumbled into the spare guest room she showed me and laid down on the bed.  Within seconds was in a deep sleep. It had been two days since I had slept, in fact, so it was no surprise that I passed out.  Dee left with Ophie to the grocery store after putting me down, and with the quiet of the house and my new-found peace, I slept as soundly as I had all summer.  
I woke up later on the couch and it was dark outside.  I forgot for a moment where I was as I stretched my sore body.  I looked up expecting for a moment bare wooden planks, but saw a smooth, white ceiling with a big, ceiling fan hanging down over me.   I heard voices and the clinking of dishes coming from the back porch.  I got up stiffly and wandered over to the sliding back door.  Greg was standing at a little barbecue grill and frying sausages and vegetables skewered on kabobs.  
I reached into my bag and pulled out a baseball hat and put it on in an attempt to clean up my appearance somewhat – my hair sticking out in crazy directions, and my t-shirt and shorts wrinkled.  I still, however, looked like a wreck when I stepped out onto the porch. 
	“Hey guys, I apologize for my bedraggled appearance.”  
Greg turned to me and looked analytically at my wounds.  “Jeez, Will, they really did a number on you, huh?”
“Let’s not discuss it, babe,” Dee said, nodding at Ophie.  She asked me to help with setting the table.  Ophie looked at me critically, and I heard her ask Dee in a quiet voice what happened to me.  Dee ignored her.
“You’re right,” Greg said to Dee, nodding and looking back down at his grill filled with sausages.  “Gotta focus on these babies anyway.  Get a beer, Will.”
“No, he’s helping me first,” Dee said, smiling at him.
“Probably not a good idea with the meds, anyway.” I said, realizing however that I had not taken one that day yet.  Then the peace on the front lawn was not drug induced, I mused.
We had a nice dinner and relaxed, enjoyable time.  It was pleasant to eat outside under the deep-indigo, almost-night sky on Greg’s back porch.  The night was coming sooner now at this time of year, but still was late to get dark: around nine p.m.  The bugs had long since disappeared for the year.  I was beginning to feel like my time was coming as well.

After dinner I finally had a chance to talk to Greg alone.  We sat on the porch after Dee and Ophie cleaned up – Dee insisted that I take it easy as their guest, “and slave…” she said, jokingly.
The night had fully arrived, and a thin crescent moon peeked through the pine boughs over the small river.  Larry’s canoe was still jammed up in the weeds, I could see. I guess I should have returned it, but it seemed right to have it here now, with me.  I didn’t think he’d object, not now.
“After hearing about what happened at the powwow,” Greg said, “I wasn’t too surprised that you wanted to move out of the store.”
“I actually miss it,” I said, listening to the crickets whirring loudly from inside the dark forest.  “I didn’t want to leave.”   I reached up and felt the bandage on my neck.  The cut was healing quickly, but it was still painful to move and look around.  “But it didn’t feel right to stay; Jake’s still out there after all.”
“What are your plans, then?” Greg asked.  “What now?”
“Not sure.  But I can’t imagine leaving Glacier, not now.”
“I’ll ask around next few days and see who’s hiring, give you some options.”
“I appreciate that, man.”  I shifted in my seat and looked over at him.  No, I decided, he must know.  “There’s something I want to tell you about, Greg, but because of your job I’m afraid you may do something about it that I don’t want you to.”
Greg looked at me.
“Alia,” I said.
He watched me for a moment, and then looked out through the dark shadows of the trees.  “Dee said something about you having some news…  Well,” he said, smirking, “I’m not a cop, remember?  Just a ranger.”
“Larry killed Alia.”
He looked at me with a shocked expression.  “Larry Martin?  From the store?”
I nodded.
“When did you find this out?”
“Yesterday.”  I then told Greg the whole story, from the moment I got to the powwow to the end, with Larry in his proper place in the tale this time.  Greg didn’t move as I spoke, but I could see an energy behind his eyes that told me he was already putting together what he was going to do with his new information.
“Greg,” I said, when I finished, “you can’t tell anyone about it.  Please… Larry didn’t mean to do it; and the poor bastard is destroyed already – if you saw him you’d know.  He’s a different man now; and destroying his life and Phyllis and everything would make it all worse.”
“I still can’t believe it,” he shook his head slowly.  “You want him to just get off after he ran her down like that and hid the body?  Actually, I should have suspected him, seeing it all in hindsight,” I said.  “He really became a different person after she died, but I just avoided him all summer and I didn’t care what he was doing.”
“Will,” Greg cleared his throat, setting his beer down on the floor, “I know what you mean about destroying Phyllis and all that, but you can’t seriously be thinking that we’re not gonna report this.”
“I am seriously thinking that,” I said
Greg shook his head again.
“I want your word, Greg, as a friend.  And you have been a good friend to me.  I told you this in confidence, because you helped me, and now I want you to let it go.”
Greg grabbed his beer and stood up and walked over to the grass, pouring the rest of his beer out.  “You’re just emotional after the attack, in shock after finding this all out,” he said, watching the foam melt in the grass.
“No, Greg, I’m thinking as clear as I ever have.  He’s not actually some kind of monster like I thought.  If you report it, he’s arrested, his life is over.  I know he’s an asshole, a bastard, but… there’s goodness in him.   And I’m pretty sure Alia wouldn’t want him going to prison.”
Greg looked back at me with a pained expression.  “So this is the end, after all that searching for the killer, trying to solve a murder?”
“It is,” I said flatly.  “And it’s the right thing to do.”
Greg looked down at his lawn again.  “My boss, telling me I was ignoring my job looking into this whole thing… Dee, feeling like I was distant, angry at me.  How am I supposed to go back to all of them like nothing happened?”
I took a gulp of my beer, but didn’t answer him.
Greg sat back down next to me.  He took a deep breath; he sounded defeated.  “How do you know he hasn’t already turned himself in?  He said he was going to, didn’t he?”
I thought of the letter I had left for him on his truck and pictured Larry reading it, standing there beside his truck intending to drive to Kalispell to ruin his life like he ruined another.
“He won’t,” I answered.
Forty-Three


That next day I finally pulled off the bandages and took a long shower.  While I was in the shower, I let the hot water run over my wounds.  It stung, but the pain felt like it was purifying me of something.  I watched the water circle the drain and imagined whatever that bad something was, was washing down and disappearing in the whirlpool, forever gone.  
When I was finished I inspected the cuts on my face, the neck slash, the puncture wounds.  Other than some angry red edges around the wounds, some discoloration and bruising and scabbing, it was looking… not so bad.  Like someone who had tangled with a wild animal.  I wrapped up the worst of the cuts again after and applying some ointment, and taped off the bandages. 
The phone rang and I let it go to the answering machine.  I knew that Dee and Greg were at work and Ophie at day care, and they’d be out all day.  The caller didn’t leave a message, but the phone immediately rang again.  Strange.  I walked into the living room in my towel, and answered it.
It was Ronnie voice on the other end.  “If you think you’re getting out of watching the Perseid meteor shower tonight… you’re dead wrong,” he said.  
“I’m not dead yet,” I responded.  “So it’s tonight?  It’s late August already, huh?  
Even after his incessant chatter about it, I had forgotten all about Ronnie’s big meteor shower – the “Tears of Saint Lawrence.”
“Yea,” Ronnie said, “I’ll pick you up at nine.  I’ll get the beer.”  He said he had to get back to work, and couldn’t’ talk long.
 “Is Larry there?” I asked. 
 “Yea, why?”  
“No reason.” 
I hung up the phone and went to get dressed.  

I spent the first part of the day cleaning Greg and Dee's kitchen, scrubbing the stove top till it gleamed, Windex on the fridge inside, cleaning the shelves, and then I mopped the floor.  This was in part a penance and in part a payment for my stay, but also, I think, a habit of working in the kitchen at the store.  We were forever cleaning that kitchen top to bottom.  I felt like I had to do it, to do something, during the day in the house – I couldn’t just sit idle.     
I made a simple lunch of some bread and peanut butter I found, and then spent the rest of the day down by the stream, cleaning out Larry's canoe, washing all the mud and sand out and turning it over on its face to dry out.  
            Greg and Dee got home later and we grilled out again, and by nine p.m., Ronnie had pulled up in his car, music blaring as of old, smoke pouring out the window.  I got in to the front passenger seat and saw with surprise that Katie was sitting in the back seat.  Just like old times, I thought.  
	Ronnie was playing The Doors as we drove down the road that led towards Browning.  The night was clear, thankfully, and I felt in good spirits, reunited with my strange family, at least for the night.  There was some awkwardness between Ronnie and I still, of course, but it felt good to be back in that car, after everything.
	“You know I kinda miss you guys, already,” I said, looking back at Katie.  “How’s the store without me?”
	“You mean the whole two days you been gone?”  Katie asked, smirking at me.  “The building burnt down and the campers have rioted and looted us out.”
	“Very funny….” 
	“Actually,” she said, “It’s pretty good.  Larry is totally different.  I don’t know what got into him, but he’s actually nice now, kind of...”
	“Yea,” Ronnie chimed in.  “I guess it was you that was bugging him all this time…”  He winked at me and reached down for a fresh cigarette. 
	I shook my head.  “He’s probably just worried you two might up and leave him too, and then he’d be truly screwed.”   
“Don’t smoke yet,” Katie said, as Ronnie stuck a cigarette in his mouth.  “Not till we’re outside.”
	Ronnie stuck it behind his ear.  “Ok, mom.”  We drove over to a small gas station, and turned into the parking lot.  
	“Gotta pick somebody up,” Ronnie said, turning into a parking space next to an old Jeep Wrangler.
	
A girl stepped out of the Jeep, and grabbed a large paper bag from the passenger seat.  She walked over to us and I saw that it was Jamie. 
	“You back with her again?” I asked Ronnie as she walked up.  
	“Something like that.”  
	Jamie got into the back seat next to Katie, and we started off again.  We said our “hellos” and she directed us where to go as we got closer to Browning.
	“So where are we going?” I asked.
	“This lady I know has a farm close to here,” Jaime said.  “And it’s the perfect place to see the meteor shower: private, totally dark – no lights anywhere around.  The lady is actually a friend of Sky’s, that’s how I met her.”
	A concerning thought that Jake may still be out and about, lurking in the darkness still with his misfit gang and viscous intentions.  Would he pop up out of some field in the darkness as the meteors shot overhead?  We soon drove onto a dirt road that offered huge bumps and potholes, which Ronnie carefully steered around, peering into the dark beyond his weak head lights.  We saw a small farmhouse next to a barn and drove towards it.  Getting closer, I spotted  a middle-aged lady standing outside near her front porch, accompanied by two enormous shaggy dogs.  A singe flood light illuminated the front yard, but other than that the property was perfectly dark, as Jamie had described.  
	We drove up and Jamie hopped out; the lady came up and gave her a hug.
	“This is Nancy, guys, this is her place,” Jamie said to us, waving us over.  
	The two dogs were big Saint Bernards, I noticed, and they came up lazily, sniffling at our hands.  They both were drooling an incredible amount of saliva.  
	“Hey guys,” Nancy said, “this is Bootsie and Ranger.  They’re friendly, won’t hurt ya.”
	Nancy looked like she was in her late forties, had nice blonde and brownish hair, large glasses and a kind of soft, comfortable-looking body.  She looked like your friend’s mother from down the street – friendly, approachable, with a slightly sexual allure.  
	“Hi, Bootsie and Ranger,” I said, letting the dogs sniff around my legs. 
	“Nancy breeds St. Bernards,” Jamie told the group.  
	“That and run this farm,” Nancy said. “But these guys are a full time job, for sure.”
	“Easy, Cujo,” Ronnie said, leaning back against his car and lighting his cigarette, keeping his distance.
	“Some veterinarian you’d make,” Katie said to him.  “They’re adorable.” She bent down and gave one of the dogs a big hug around its neck.  She ignored the strings of drool swinging below the dog’s mouth.
	“Adorable and for sale,” Nancy said, smiling.  “Although I doubt you could keep one at Two Medicine.”
	“They’d be so nice to cuddle up with…” Katie said, giving the dog a last hug while the other one sniffed at her feet.
	We packed into the cars again, and Nancy led us down the dirt road again in her truck, the two dogs sitting in the back of the truck bed.  She eventually turned off the road and drove straight up a grassy hill to the top, where she stopped and got out, leaving the truck running.
	“This is a good spot,” Nancy said to us, pointing out a grassy clearing up on the hill.
	“You’re not watching with us?”  Jamie asked, getting out of the car.
	“No, I got work to do.  Besides, I’ve been seeing it for years.”
	We said our goodbyes as she got back into the old truck and bounded down the hill, the dogs trying to stay balanced in the back of the truck.  Katie and I set out the large blanket she had brought, and Jamie and Ronnie got the beer cooler from the back of the car.  Ronnie left the music playing on his car stereo, with his door open to amplify the sound.  
             “What kind of work does Nancy have to do this late at night?”  I asked Jamie.
Jamie looked at Ronnie and they laughed for a second.
“Not farming, that’s for sure,” Ronnie said.
“You see those Christmas lights down there, on her porch?” Jamie asked me, pointing off down in the dark towards the farmhouse.  “When they’re on, she’s open for business.”  
 “Open for what?”  I asked.
“What do you think?” Ronnie asked me, smiling wryly.
“She’s a prostitute?”  Katie stopped and stared at us.
            “Yep,” Ronnie said. 
            I thought back to what Larry had said. This must have been the place he came to.
“Have you been to her?” Katie asked Ronnie, horrified. 
            “Hell no,” he laughed, “I’ve never paid for it in my life.”
            I tried to picture Larry making love with Nancy, and the image was disturbing, gross and ungraspable, like two large potatoes shoved together, one on top of the other…  It made me angry for a moment that he would have hit Alia after coming here, and I had a momentary doubt about what I was doing, letting him go; but I took a deep breath and let the feeling go.
Ronnie snapped me out of my reverie.  “But we’re getting off topic, that’s not why we’re here, to talk about my sex life.”
           “Thank God,” Katie said.

We settled down onto the large blanket spread out on the thick grass.  Ronnie and Jamie had fold out chairs, but Katie and I just lay on our backs on the blanket, a jacked stuffed under my head for a pillow as I carefully sipped a beer.
	The sky above was so clear and the darkness around us so deep and undisturbed, that you could see the ghostly line of an arm of the Milky Way stretching out over us at an angle, southeast to northwest.  Thousands of stars… but no streaking meteors had passed overhead yet.  
	“By the way, Will,” Jamie said over to me from her chair.  “I think I have a job lined up for you for the winter.”
	“Really?”  
	“Yep,” she nodded.  “With the administration in Kalispell.  You’d be working with me.  A lot of PR stuff and some writing – right up your alley, I hear.”
	“Sounds perfect.”  
	“We’ll talk more soon.  Come by the office, and I think you’ll be pleased.”
	“I don’t think I can be too picky at this point, anyway,” I said.  “But thanks a lot; you may have just saved me from going back to Georgia.”  
	“Screw that,” Ronnie said from his chair as he scanned the night sky for his meteors.  “Don’t leave, buddy, stick around and become a Montananite like me.”
	“It’s ‘Montanan’ you retard,” Jamie said, kicking him.  
	Just then a pair of headlights popped over the end of the grassy plain and a small Toyota drove up close to Ronnie’s car.   Jake’s car? 
“That must be Sky,” Jamie said.  “She said she’d probably stop by.”
It was Sky; and she exited the car and came over with a bottle of wine and some plastic cups in her hands.  “Save room for me?” she asked us.  
“Sure,” Ronnie piped up, and stood up to help her with her stuff.  Jamie rolled her eyes and said, “Sky we’ve got a spot for you over by Katie and Will.”
	Sky sat down next to me and Katie and poured herself a glass of wine.
	“How’s it going?” I asked her as she settled in.
	“Ok, overall.”  She offered me a glass of red wine.  It was a large glass and I took a large swig, to feel the effects.  I neck was hurting and I wanted to deaden the pain a bit, and to get lost in the night and the darkness, the music and the shooting stars, in the midst of my strange family.   
	“How’s Clayton?” Jamie asked.  “I heard he got picked up.”
	Ronnie looked over at us. “He got arrested?  When?”
	Sky nodded.  “Last night.  Him and Jake both got picked up.  Not sure on what charges.”  She said, looking for a moment at me.  “We won’t know until they get in front of a judge Monday in Kalispell, probably.”
	“I’m sorry Sky,” Jamie said softly, and reached over to grasp her hand.  Sky reached back and held it for a moment.  “It’s ok.  It wasn’t totally unexpected.  Jake was always threatening to drag Clayton into his shit again.”
	Ronnie stared for a moment at her, and then looked back at the stars again.  
The song “The End” by The Doors came over the stereo then.  The melodic, haunting guitar refrain that begins the song drifted over us like a slow, exotic wind.  The music lent a mystical feel to the night scene: us lying on the blanket, nothing overhead but a giant dome of darkness and lights, nothing around but the old farmhouse in the distance, below in the valley.
	
The Doors tune wafted over the grass to our blanket.  “This is the End, my only friend… the End.”  A streak of light shot across the sky overhead, gold-colored with a small trail of sparks glittering for a fraction of a second behind.  
	“There’s one!”  Ronnie shouted.  “Everyone SHUT UP!” He commanded even though no one had been talking at that moment.
	The song played on as we all kept quiet and stared up into the sky.  Another streak after a couple of minutes, then two others a second later.  Ronnie had told me before, in one of his lectures, that the meteors were the remains of a long-disintegrated comet.  I wondered how far the comet fragments had traveled, and for how long they had been traveling.
	I took a drink of wine and looked back at Sky, the one behind me, not above me.  She wasn’t looking up, but back at me.  We couldn’t see each other’s faces in the growing dark, but our faces met nonetheless and I stared back at her for a moment, then up at the other sky again.
	A silver-colored meteor shot across the expanse.  The meteors all were coming from right to left, more or less, burning off in the same direction.
	Jim Morison sang his wailing verse: “Lost in a Roman…. wilderness of pain.”   The guitar trilled the mystic notes.  I felt the tune lift my mind up and carry it into the sky a ways.
	“The point where the meteors are coming from,” Ronnie said to us, “over from the right, is called ‘The Radiant.’  The meteors come from near where the constellation Perseus is, hence the name.”
	In Greek mythology, I had once read, Perseus was sent to take the head of Medusa – whose face caused all who gazed upon her to turn to stone.  Perseus slew Medusa, and then rescued the princess Andromeda from the kraken by turning it to stone with Medusa's head.
	A lesson in creativity, I considered.  Perseus came up with an idea that no one had considered, and had risked his life to get the job done.  I wondered where the story had come from, what, or who, had originally inspired it to begin with.  The ancient Greeks also believed that women were created as a punishment to man.  I thought back over my summer, and even before, to Holly and others, and realized that all such myths have their origin in truth.   A punishment, and a blessing.  Had I found Alia’s killer, or had he found me?
“Ride the snake, ride the snake…”  The Doors played on from Ronnie’s car.  “To the lake, the ancient lake…”
	 More meteors, more music, more wine.  Saint Lawrence was crying indeed, but, for what, I could not tell.  As I lay there, shooting stars streaking overhead intermittently, I pictured Alia lying beside me, watching with me, holding my hand.  She was wearing her now-eternal outfit – the clothes I had last seen her in: white t-shirt, thin, barely hiding her light-tan skin, little jean shorts, smooth legs ending in bare feet.  Her fragrance lifted and passed over me; her hair brushed against me in the night breeze.  
I took a deep breath, but smelled nothing now, nothing but the grass and smell of dirt far off.  I looked around me in the dim shimmer of moon light, and I decided to let Alia go.  I spun the leather string around my wrist, feeling the beads between my fingers.  I took pulled the leather string off my wrist and placed it next to me on the grass.  Keep her there, I decided, but no longer in my head.  As the music played I let her go, maybe up into the stars.  
The moon had come out now, low over the horizon, and it cast a thin silvery light onto us, barely noticeable.  I looked over at Katie, who lay motionless, blinking slowly up at the sky.  
The song ended and started again.  Ronnie had put it on repeat. 
“So I heard you quit Two Med,” Sky said.  I looked over at her.  
“Unfortunately.” 
“Why?”  
“It’s complicated.”  
“Because you were attacked?”  
I shook my head, glancing at her for a moment to see her expression, which was mute.  
“Because I was saved.”
I expected her to ask what I meant, but she didn’t.  I watched the sky for a moment, but the meteors seemed to be on pause.  
“Why were you out in the woods looking for Clayton that night, Sky?”  I asked her.
“You never get tired of that question, do you?”
“No.”
She paused a moment. A sliver meteor with a sparkling tail shot across the sky so fast that I hardly saw it.  “Clayton was looking for Alia.  He knew she had spent the night at the store, with you, and he was in a rage.   He was still in love with her – I didn’t know what he may do, so I followed him in my car.”
She stopped and didn’t continue, but she had already gotten too far.  
“So how did you find Alia off in the woods?”   
“I was driving real slow towards Two Med, and I saw somebody with a flashlight run off in the woods to a truck and then take off like a madman.”
I listened for her to finish but she stopped again.
“Did you see who it was? Would you recognize the truck again?”
“No,” she said, “it was too dark and they did a u turn and took off the other way.”
“But I saw where he had been, and I turned my car in the road in that direction, and saw the body off in the middle of the trees.  I knew it was her from the clothes, and I…”  
She stopped again.  I heard her breathing change and grow harsher.  “I drove off and called the police after I got back home.  I didn’t even follow the truck – I panicked and fucked everything over.”
I heard her breathing slow down after a moment, and leaned back to watch the sky.  “You told the police all of that?” I asked.
“Yes.”
“Then you did everything you could have.  The truck would have lost you anyway.”
She sighed deeply, and I could hear her pour more wine in her glass. 
“Where are you going to live?” she asked after a minute or two.  Her voice seemed changed, bolder.  “Where are you living now?”
“With a friend.  But I think Jamie may be getting me a job, so I’m going to look for a place tomorrow.”
“Those park jobs don’t start till October though.  What are you going to do till then?”
“I’m up for ideas,” I said, taking a sip of my wine.
Sky didn’t say anything for a while.  The wind picked up, and the moon rose stronger overhead.  The overhead sky was misting up with a thin layer of clouds.
Ronnie stood up and stretched, yawning loudly.  “Well,” he said, “time to pack up, kids.  See you next year.”
As we got up and began to gather our stuff, Sky walked up to me.  “You can work at the diner with me, Will, till you start the park job.”  She gave me a piece of paper with a phone number on it.  “That’s the owner’s number, Susan.  Call her tomorrow and tell her you need a job; tell her I sent you.”
I thanked her and she walked off and said her goodbyes to Jamie and got in her car.  She honked as she drove off.   I was a bit wary about Sky’s sudden warmness towards me, not because of any possible ill will or intent, but more so because I wanted to avoid getting close to any woman for a while – a long while.  But I was surrounded by women in Montana, of all places; and I couldn’t live with Greg forever…
Katie came up to me and said, “Ok, boy, help me with this crap.  I’m tired.”  I helped her pack the things into Ronnie’s trunk. 
So ended the Tears of Saint Lawrence; his weeping done, he could rest at peace in the heavens, at least until next summer.  Ronnie got us back into his car and drove us towards Two Med.  I got dropped off at Greg’s, and then they drove off into the darkness.  I snuck into the house as quietly as possible, since it was about two a.m., and went to sleep in the guest room, thinking of Sky and my new job prospects.

Forty-Four


	The next morning Ronnie and I drove over to Browning and I went in to see Susan at the Sunrise Diner.  I had seen her before, and she had already talked to Sky before we got there, so lining up the job wasn’t difficult.  I had never waited tables before, but being close to the end of the summer she only needed help about for a short while, so she wasn’t looking for any stellar performance.
	Ronnie and I stayed to have breakfast, and Sky dropped by to eat with us.  She told me she had found a nice two-bedroom place that she was moving into, and that I was welcome to check it out and move in, if it fit what I was looking for.   
On the way back to Greg’s, Ronnie congratulated me sarcastically on my “new squeeze” but I told him he had it wrong.  
“She’s not gunning for a new boyfriend,” I told him.  “Just a new roommate.  Clayton and Jake are still in jail, and facing some serious shit.  She wants a dependable roommate now, after all that unrest.”
	 “We’ll see…” Ronnie said.  
He dropped me off at Greg’s and I spent the rest of the day helping Dee and Ophie take up some vegetables they had planted in a small garden on the side of the house.  We were harvesting onions and potatoes, when I heard a loud motorcycle drive up.
  	I walked over to the front of the house and saw Thunderbird setting the bike on its kickstand.  Ophie came running over but then stopped next to me, curious, amazed and afraid all at the same time, I imagined, at the spectacle of Thunderbird in the flesh.  He had on a sleeveless black t-shirt with a red bandana holding back his long flowing grey hair, which added to his wild appearance.   
	“Big Will!” Thunderbird thundered cheerily.  “What’s happening’?”
	I smiled at him welcomingly.  “Thunderbird, this is Ophelia.”  I gestured down to the little girl, and she stared wide eyed up at him like he was some grizzled super hero sprung out of a strange comic book.   She had warmed up to me since I was living at the house.
	“Hey Ophelia!”  Thunderbird said to her, and then he walked over and bent down to her level.  He was wearing jeans and black leather chaps ending in big, gnarled old black leather boots.  He reached out to her and held his hand out for her to shake.  She stood like a statue.
	“She’s kinda shy,” I told him.  
	“Wait!”  He said and went over to his bike.  He reached into one of his saddle bags and drew out a wrinkled, brown paper bag.  He unfolded it and drew out a small dream catcher, a circle with woven string in the middle, with some small feathers hanging below the circle on strings of beads.  
	He came back and bent down and offered it to her.   Dee had walked up and was smiling at him as he held it out.  Ophie bit her lip and looked back at her mom, then reached out and took the catcher out of his hand carefully.  She looked at Thunderbird and then back at the catcher.  
	“She likes it, Thunderbird,” I said.  I reached down and ruffled her curly brown hair.  She walked back over to her mom to show her.  Dee said it was beautiful and thanked him.
	Dee and Ophie went to go hang her catcher in her room, and Thunderbird and I walked over to the back porch.  “I came to talk to you, Will,” he said, “I’m really sorry about what happened.”
	“It’s not your fault.”  I reflexively ran a finger over the scar on my neck, now healed enough to have no bandage.  The puncture wound on my check was almost healed and barely visible.  
	“I shouldn’t have left you there – not without some protection,” he said sadly.
	“Why did you take off like that?”
	He stared down at his boots and crossed his legs, hooking his thumbs through the belt loops on his jeans.  “Floyd Crow asked me to go; he said he needed me to take back the money from the entrance fees and put it in the safe back at the council office.”
	I remembered the grizzled, slow-talking tribe chief who seemed to be so interested in my connection to all that was happening to the tribe.  I hadn’t heard from him since the attack, however.  
“He wanted me to pay him a visit after the powwow,” I said.  “Thunderbird, have they asked you to run the money back like that in years past?”
	“Nope,” Thunderbird said, shaking his head.  “But it’s a big deal; and I was honored.” He wiped his nose with the back of his hand and looked at me.  “Will, I heard about Jake and that stuff he was involved in – everybody knew about it, in the tribe.  
	“But,” he continued, “I wanted you at the powwow so bad, I didn’t worry about all that.  I knew you had to go, because of Alia’s spirit on you.  It was really important that you went to the sweat – the spirits told me!”
	He nodded with a serious expression on his big face as he looked me over.  “And it worked!   She’s at peace, and not struggling with your spirit, I think.”
	“She is at peace,” I said.  “And I’m glad I went, Thunderbird, even with the scars.  Because of all that happened, I can put her to rest.  I would have gone through any amount of trauma, to get that.”
	Thunderbird smiled at me, a big goofy grin spreading across his bearded face.  
	“What’s so funny?” I asked, smiling back at him.
	“I just thought back to when I first met you, at the store, at the snack bar.  You’re a different man now.”  
	I definitely agreed. 	

We chatted a while more, but eventually Thunderbird had to get back to Browning to get some things ready for a big road trip he was taking, which was going to end up on the coast in California.  I figured it would be the last time I would see him in a while, maybe forever, so I shook his hand and thanked him for everything, before he got back on his bike.  He kept smiling as he got his bike situated and cranked it up – and he waved wildly back at me as he took off down the road.  
I realized I missed Thunderbird as he drove off.  I think it was because he was so simple and honest.   The two often go together, unfortunately, as the sophisticated among us often lack honesty.  Also, Thunderbird’s face always told the truth, he didn’t hide anything.   It was refreshing.

Forty-Five


Two days later I moved in with Sky, into a three-bedroom little house with a couple acres of land, a few miles from Browning proper.  It wasn’t the apartment she had originally found because that place didn’t allow pets.  She had, unannounced to me, bought a Saint Bernard puppy from Nancy, and moved him in with us.  
I had so little stuff when I moved in that the house seemed pretty empty, even after I helped Sky move in her stuff.  We had some furniture and a kitchen table, but not much else, so we went thrift storing at the local Salvation Army to get some knick knacks and kitschy décor.
We spent the first couple of evenings hanging out on the little stone back porch the house had, getting a feel for the new place, watching the Saint Bernard, which was named “Maddy.”  It would romp around in the grass, chewing up the rubber dog toys we got in bulk at the Salvation Army, and slobbering over everything.  Nancy had told us that Bernards went through toys like Kleenex. 
I started work at the diner a few days after moving in.  I would work days mostly, which was breakfast and lunch shifts.  Thankfully, the diner didn’t open at the crack of dawn like many I knew did, but instead at eight a.m.  I could shuffle in a little groggy at seven and get things ready.  
A single cook named Buster, who was an old Vietnam vet who still wore a spiky flat top and had old, faded, military-style tattoos, worked the kitchen.  He had to be in his seventies, but he smoked Marlboro Reds almost in a chain, stepping halfway outside the back door and still watching the grills cooking on the inside.  
He never got behind on the orders though – we were never that busy anyway. It was actually an enjoyable job for the most part.  Most of the customers were regulars and took things slow, were in no hurry to eat and leave.  They drank coffee, read the paper, and chatted in a slow, relaxing murmur that I could hear from the kitchen.  The crowd was different, more sedate, than the excited tourists we served at the store.  The sun would stream in the large windows that made up the front of the diner in the mornings, and flood the restaurant with a warm, glowing haze.  

Lunches were a little faster paced, but Buster kept up with burgers, chicken and salads well, and my experience at the snack bar kept things in line too.  My second job in Montana, and I was back in the kitchen!
Sky worked nights, mostly, so I didn’t see very much her after I started working.  But that was okay, as we were able to take care of Maddy in shifts, to prevent her from destroying the rental house.  
There were times, I’ll admit, when I would feel a stirring in me when I looked at Sky, an attraction and desire to touch her, to be close to her – despite my resolve to forego any romances for a long while; but those times were few.  Sky, also, had other friends still in Browning, and family too, so I quite frequently had the house to myself.   
The days settled into a comfortable routine, but the weather started growing colder.   When I was off work, I would borrow Sky’s car and return to Glacier to hike some of the trails I was missing, and also I’d drive to see other parts of the park, although those trips were rare.  I didn’t have a great desire to travel, not anymore; I liked my spot in the world and I felt a peace at where I was.  Just like the others I had met when I first go to Two Med… I mused.
One evening Ronnie and Jamie came over when both Sky and I had off from the diner, and we had a bonfire in our backyard with some food that Ronnie and Jamie brought over.  We played with Maddy and talked about the summer that was behind us, remembering odd moments at the store.  After a while I pulled out my guitar and strummed some chords, leaning back and looking up at the stars.  Ronnie was sitting next to me and had lit up a cigarette.
“Things have quieted down,” he said, blowing a puff of smoke away from me by twisting his mouth to the far side while watching me. “The store closes next week.  I think I gotta plan together for what to do after.” 
“Well,” I said, “there’s a third bedroom here.”  I smiled, but I really wasn’t joking – it would be good to have him there.  But I knew, somehow, that he wouldn’t be staying.  
“No, I’m thinking of going up to Waterton, into Canada, to fight the wildfires.  They’re looking for alotta of people to hire.  Anyway it’ll be good to get away from Browning.” 
The fires had been making big news in Montana the last couple of weeks.  Forest fires were common in that part of the mountains in that part of the year, but the park’s land in Canada, officially called Waterton, was getting out of control with a massively large one.  Some smoke had even made its way in the air down to Glacier.
“They are paying good money, and providing housing and everything,” Ronnie said, flicking ash off his cigarette.
“Yea, I heard.  Dangerous though, too.”  
Ronnie shrugged.  “I’m drawn to danger – what can I say?  You of all people should know that, Chiefy… But why not come up with me?  You can still get back down her for the park job in a couple of months.”
I looked over at Sky, who was talking to Jamie and wrestling with a stick that Maddy had clenched in her teeth, and then I glanced back at the house we rented.  
“I’m not leaving; I really feel this is where I belong.  It feels right to be here doing what I’m doing, and seeing what I’m seeing, meeting the people I’m meeting.  I’ve never felt that before, really.”
I thought about it for a moment, all I had been through.  “I feel like I absolutely belong in this moment now and this place – it’s where I should be.”
Ronnie nodded.  “Then that’s a rare thing, Chiefy.  Enjoy it.” 
We hung out for a long time that night, late into the evening.  When Ronnie and Jamie finally left it was around two a.m.  I helped Sky clean up and get Maddy into the house, and then I collapsed on my bed and slept like a log.

Forty-Six


Katie called and made me swear, one last time, to go with her to church that Sunday.  It was the last time the park was going to have a preacher available for the camper and tourists, what few were left.  So, the next Sunday found me driving Sky’s car up to Two Med to meet Katie at the store.  I pulled outside the store in the gravel parking lot, but didn’t go in.  I didn’t belong in there anymore.
Katie eventually came out and we walked the same trail again that led to the empty camp used the last time for the church service.  She carried a Bible with her this time, and I saw at a glance that it was the same one she had hurled into the woods.  She must have searched it out after her breakdown, I figured.  This day was a little cloudy, not like the sun-drenched morning of our first service.  But the sun peeked out here and there and cheered my somber mood as we got to the pace and sat down on the benches again. 
The young preacher was there again, standing next to the little wooden fence that ran around the edge of the camp site.  Only two other people were there this time, besides Katie and I, an old couple, who seemed more amused at the odd church setting than worshipful.
The young man thanked us for coming, and opened up with a prayer.  After speaking about this being his last time for the services and the closing of the season, he began his short sermon.  
He read from the Bible to start.  It was Lamentations, and he identified it as chapter three, verse thirty-one and thirty-two.  Katie opened her Bible and pointed to the section with her finger, nudging me playfully with her elbow.   
“For men are not cast off by the Lord forever,” the preacher read, “though he brings grief, he will show compassion.”   The young man then spoke very briefly about grief, and how, given enough time, God can turn the grief into a blessing, both in terms of overcoming personal tragedy.  But he also said that we could use that knowledge to help others in grief. He finished and told us that we should all hold hands to pray to close out the service.
We stood and I held Katie’s hand and, awkwardly, the preacher’s in my other hand.  The older couple held hands on the other side of Katie and joined the preacher in the circle.  He asked if anyone would like to pray, and to my surprise, Katie volunteered.
“Lord,” she said in a quiet voice, “we thank you for this place to meet, this beautiful, majestic place that we have been fortunate enough to come to.  We thank you for your creation: the sky, the lake, the mountains and the creatures.  And I thank you for the relationships I’ve made, and the friends I’ve found.  I thank you for helping me.  You are a wonderful father to me, and I thank you for loving me.  You have definitely shown me compassion, after my grief.”
She looked up and then shut her eyes again.  “And I pray for safe travels for the campers here, and for us staffers.  And I hope you bless us with another great summer.”
I looked at her when we had finished, and her eyes were watery.  She then hugged the preacher, who seemed surprise at it, and then for good measure she hugged the old couple too, who told her the prayer was “delightful.”  
Katie and I then walked back in silence for a while.  I felt like I had witnessed some upheaval in her, a flash of her thoughts and emotions that had shown itself in a different light than I had seen before.
“I signed on to work at Two Med again, next summer,” she said as we crunched along the gravel path.   
“Really?  Good,” I said.  “That means I’ll see you next year, if I’m still working then.”
“You better be,” she said, taking my arm in hers.
She sniffed and looked up to the sky, wiping a palm across one eye quickly.   “I called my dad last night.”
“How’d that go?”  
“I told him I forgave him for everything and that I loved him...  I said I could never forget it, but that I loved him and forgave him.”
“Unbelievable…” I said.  
“I signed on to be the preacher next summer, too.”  
“Ahh, so you’ve come to terms with the divorce?” 
She looked at me and then shook her head.  “I’ll never come to terms with it… but I love him and I want to heal my family.”
We walked on a bit.  “What on earth did you father say when you told him all that?”  I asked.
Katie cleared her throat.  “He said ‘I love you, too.’”  She wiped another tear preemptively from her eye. “I think he was more shocked than anything else.”  She laughed.  “He asked me if I was ‘ok,’ like I sounded crazy.”
“You’re not crazy,” I said.  You were the least crazy person in the store, I thought to myself.
“So are you going to preach next summer?”
“I’m still deciding…” she said.  “One epiphany at a time.”
I walked beside her for a while, gravel crunching under my feet.  As the store came in sight, she suddenly turned to me and held my hand.  
“I’m leaving in a couple of days Will, to go back home.  I’m gonna call you sometimes to talk, see how you’re doing.  Ok?”
“I’ll miss you too, Katie,” I said.  “And this is the second time we’ve had to say our goodbyes.”
“I know, and I don’t like it,” she said.  “But I wanted to see you again… you helped me this summer… and you forgiving that hit and run driver for killing her…”  She faltered, and quickly looked over at the store and back at me.  “When I got here I was totally lost.”
“And now you’ve been found,” I said, watching her.
She turned and gave me a little kiss on the cheek and then hugged me, hard.  
I hugged her back and said to her, “So was I.”
	She smiled and let me go, and then turned and walked off towards the store.  She turned back to me as she walked, and called back, “I’m going to call you when I get back home – answer the phone!”

Later, I drove back to my house and thought about her father.  Fathers were difficult; and I think daughters and father share a tenuous bond that is easily tweaked into the wrong direction, like flicking the strand of a spider web and sending all kinds of wrong vibrations through the web.  Katie’s vibrations were way off when I first met her; but now she seemed to be… in tune.  Thunderbird would be proud of my spiritual radar, I smiled to myself. 
Most of all, she seemed to have gotten over making her father’s infidelities personal, which is a common and tragic mistake children make.  Forgiving him was necessary and vital, and I think she was on her way.  On her way, but not totally there, I suspected.  
It takes a long time to truly forgive.

One morning that next week, right at eight a.m., the face I least expected to see walked into the diner.  Larry sat down at a small table by a large window and gave me a little nod.  
I walked over in bewilderment.  “Hello Larry.”  
“How ya doin’ Will?” he said, softly.  I saw him glance over the scar on my neck.  “You doin’ all right?”
“I’m good,” I said, “nothing permanent, except a lovely scar to tell stories about.”
He smiled slightly, and then looked around the diner.  “Years past I would come in here all the time, but last couple summers being as busy as they were, I never had time.”  His voice took on his usual Kansas up and down rhythm he used to chat with customers and discuss the weather.  It was his way of controlling his feeling, this morning, resorting to his practiced rhythms. 
“Katie told me you were working here,” he said.  “We closed down the store yesterday, all packed up for the winter.  So we were ok without ya.”
“Yea,” I said, “sorry about…”  
He interrupted me with a wave of his hand. “No need to say anything, son, I understand.”
I nodded, “Good.”  
I pictured the first day I had walked into the store, seeing Larry hunched over the grill, scrubbing with gusto and dire enthusiasm.  He seemed scarred now too, but internally.  But, I felt, like a scarred veteran healing from a bitter fight, he was stronger now, more solid.  His demons were gone.  It made me sad to think back on that morning, so much ahead of us at that time, me standing there with my suitcase and guitar.  But things had worked out ok in the end, I figured.  
I served him coffee and gave him a menu.  “I don’t suppose you guys have sourdough pancakes,” he said, raising his eyebrows and looking over the menu.  “Though I doubt they could compete with mine.”  
“Uh…. no, they couldn’t,” I said, remembering Ronnie’s contribution to Larry’s pancakes.
He ordered the regular pancakes; and I had Buster give him some extra bacon and sausage, on the house.
After he was done I set the bill down, and said, “So where are you going now that the store’s shut down?  Back to Kalispell?”  
He shook his head and looked out the window at the slow morning sun pouring in warmly from the sky.  
“No, Phyllis and I are taking a long trip, taking an RV out of retirement, and seeing some sites.  Gonna see my son down in Kansas too.  There’s even a lumberjack festival in Clinton, Iowa we might visit.”  He smiled.
“Sounds good,” I said, chuckling at the thought.  “I’ll be working for the park this winter.  So maybe I’ll see you next summer.”
He shook his head.  “I think I’m retiring from the store.  It’s time I retired for good.”  He sipped his coffee.  “I told Katie she should manage the place, if the park lets her.”
I nodded.  “I could see her doing that.  I’ll put in a good word for her, then.”  
We shook hands; again he grasped my hand like he was trying to crush it, just as he did that morning long ago.  I told him to give Phyllis my best.
A thought occurred to me as Larry headed towards the door, and I smiled.  I thought of the meteor streaks I had seen in the sky, the tears falling on the world.  The door’s little bell rang as he walked out.  
“Goodbye, Lawrence,” I called after him.
I never saw or heard from him again, but I hope he is finally happy.

Ronnie left that week for Waterton, and eventually joined a crew of firefighters known as the “Hotshots,” Jamie later told me.  She lost track of him soon after that, though, and many months later she told me that she had heard that Ronnie had died along with a bunch of other Hotshots in one of the wildfires that had spread out of control.
I couldn’t believe it when she told me, and I had hoped that somehow she had gotten wrong information.  Just like Alia had wished her father a different fate, I could not feel certain that Ronnie was dead.  But I never heard otherwise, so for all I know he died up in the wilderness.  It was a strange ending for such a person, but I couldn’t imagine any other ending for Ronnie.  
Who knows, maybe he off on another adventure, driving his jalopy to some new destination, cigarette dangling from his lips, Led Zeppelin blasting out of the windows.
A week before I started the job with the park, I was standing in the kitchen of me and Sky’s place, making coffee on a Saturday morning, when Sky came in from getting the mail, and handed me a letter. It was from Greg.
He wrote, “Will, I was simply going to call you, but Ophie insisted we actually write you a letter, ‘like in olden days,’ she said, so here goes.  She says ‘hi,’ and that she wants you to come back.  I know, she never said anything like that while you were here – but that’s Ophie for you. 
“Dee sends her love too.  I want to come see you in your wild party pad – at least that’s how I imagine that house to be, and I will as soon as possible.  I’ll be a little busy for a few weeks though, because I have applied for a position with the police department in Kalispell, and I hope to be a cop come Spring.  I know, no more Khaki…
“Well maybe you had something to do with it – with your crazy goose chase investigation.  In fact, I know you did.  I think that set me off to give it one last go – give my dream a final shot.  I hope I like being a cop!  If not, I’m sure Dee and I could always move back into the Two Med house and set up shop again.  But I can’t wait to start the job; I’ll be honest with you.  Getting accepted was the best day in a long time – telling my boss was even better!
“Officer Olsterman is retiring, I heard.  Also, Jake got twenty years, and Clayton five.  There are more arrests to be made, I’ve heard, and the tribe is cooperating, trying to clean up the reservation once and for all – I’ll believe it when I see it – but I hope it happens.  A new council has been organized, Floyd Crow was voted out, and I think they are going in the right direction.  Thunderbird is on the council – Ha!   By the way, next year, Will, if you’re still around, don’t go to the powwow, ok?  Ha!
“Well, take care, and good luck with your new job with the park.  I know you’ll do well.
“Love, Greg, Dee and “Ophelia” (she wanted me to write out her whole name – Ha!)”

Forty-Seven


I started the park job in October with little fanfare.  It proved to be interesting, but not as interesting as the store was and my life outside the Two Med job.  Mostly, I helped write copy for advertising and informational materials about the park, something I could do pretty easily, after my old career in Georgia. 
I submitted a piece about Two Medicine, the trails, sites, and cultures, to a couple of magazines, including Backpacker, to see if anyone picked it up – my first foray into freelance writing...  I smiled to myself as I sent off the first article, remembering my days in the Atlanta office, grumbling over my job.  I won’t say my first entries were published, but it began an effort that I kept up and that eventually began to pay.  
Sky turned out to be the best roommate I ever had.  She and I became close, and only time will tell how close we become.
Soon it was winter.  The aspen and cottonwood trees drew back the green from their leaves and stored their nutrients in the trunks and roots, killing off their leaves and readying for the deep freeze.  And the winter came on strong, all of a sudden, and soon I was living in a world of white, cold, wind and night.  
But the place was still home, and it still fit.  “The Bandit” had once again stopped running, his risk taking and wanderlust slated – at least for the moment.   


THE END



*In Larry’s letter, Will wrote:
          “Larry, I have thought all night about what to do with what you have done.  Your brother is no longer around to help you, but I want to do what I can.  I can see that you have suffered for what you did; and I know it was an accident.  I don’t see how you suffering more will help anyone – not her, me, you, and definitely not Phyllis.  She’s suffered enough.  So I don’t think you should do what you are planning to do today.  
Ruining your life for what you did does not seem like justice to me; and I think Alia would agree.  Use this tragedy to get sober, use this to stop your stupid discrimination and racism for the tribe, and use this to make yourself right with Phyllis and your family.  
If you do that, I’m never going to tell anyone.”
The next letter read:
           “Ronnie, I know you have been wrapped up in some business with Jake, and maybe with Clayton.  I don’t really know what it’s about, but I can guess to a great extent; and I think it would be best if you leave Two Med today – before I get back this afternoon.  I hope I’m wrong, but if I’m not, then you understand why I say this, and you understand I’ll really miss you as a friend.”

