
Seventeen Stones
The Gathering
The fourth book of the Stone Series
Paul Telegdi
Dedicated to my family:
A nighttime story of adventure for my son Jared
Example of striving for my other sons, Dan and Jason
Reworked stone-age psychology for my wife Melanie
The romance she wished for, for grandma Jean
Problem-solving for author Paul Telegdi

Copyright © 2014, Paul Telegdi

All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this book or portions thereof in any form whatsoever
Published by Paul Telegdi at Smashwords in January 2015
Foreword
Having survived Y2K back in 2000, I wasn’t so sure if I had it in me to write another book to add to The Stones Series. But I was curious: what happened to Chaiko and Dawn, and the rest of the Standing-Rock Clan? Of course, there were other story lines tempting me, so I promised myself that 17 Stones would be the last of the series. But wouldn’t you know? Yes, you guessed it: there was yet an 18 Stones in me.
If you have read the series in sequence, then you know that Chaiko is reaching out to explore larger slices of his world. He is as curious as observant, filled with burning desire to learn more about everything around him in a larger context. He’s a man apart, but also very much part of the life of his clan. In this book he is tested as never before to face new challenges in The Gathering of all the clans, forced into politicking that, believe it or not, was very much part of the Stone Age. The inspiration for these books was to propose that modern man is not so different from his predecessors. We have wrapped ourselves in the comforts of our culture and the advantages that technology assures us, but take them away and ask again how are we different? We would probably have more regrets over what we have lost, but could we survive on our own?
Please take note that this is not a stand-alone book. You should start with 14 Stones to make any sense of this.

Chapter 1
By noon the sun had finally gained enough strength to dispel the overnight chill that had surprisingly persisted so late into a midsummer day. For the travellers the coolness had been welcome, as the exertions of their march heated them up more than enough. The group moved at a measured pace across the valley floor, crossing and re-crossing the shallow stream that meandered in the same general direction.
All morning they had squinted into the rising sun, but now, the brightness had passed overhead, and they were being led increasingly by their own shadows. They moved in a tight bunch. As always, the women and children were surrounded by a protective cordon of men. In spite of being in friendly territory, their vigilance did not relax. Their leader, Baer, demanded extra caution of them. There could always be mountain lions to guard against or a bad-tempered bear taking offence at their passing, or worse still, a pack of dogs could easily be lurking about in the tall grass looking for a quick kill. This far from their home cave, they could not rely on familiar spirits to warn them of dangers. Baer looked at his brother with narrowed eyes. Perhaps the shaman of the Standing-Rock Clan could sense some malevolence ahead? But Chaiko appeared unperturbed. He carried one of the twins in his arms, Moon, or was it Sun? Baer found it hard to tell them apart, in spite of the fact that one was a boy and the other a girl. Dawn carried the other. Three year old Yael scampered between the parents or allowed himself to be carried but a short distance before he insisted on being put down.
“Be careful,” Dawn called after him, trying to keep all of her three children in view at once, but Chaiko only waved dismissingly, “Let him run. How else will he learn...” He had no time to finish as shouts from the front interrupted him.
A short way ahead Makar was making noises of alarm and they all pressed toward this commotion, but Baer ordered everyone back. Cosh the Chief-Scout had ranged farther ahead, so Tusk was sent to investigate. The rest waited impatiently.
After a brief time Tusk came back and was quickly surrounded by the curious, but he appeared reluctant to report what he had found.
“Well what is it?” Baer demanded of the Chief-Hunter. Tusk made a face. He did not like mysteries, and was at loss to explain this. “It’s a print,” he said finally, shrugging his shoulders.
“A print?” came echoes of astonishment. All this fuss over a print?
“Yes, a print!” Tusk almost spat out the unwilling admission. He abhorred anything unexplained. “A print two strides wide and three long.” Two strides by three? Something that big caught everyone’s attention and there was no holding them back as they all rushed to the spot. On a flat rocky plateau that surrounded a shallow depression filled with mud deposits, they found a clear impression pressed into the soft soil of a print, indeed two strides by three. It appeared to have four toes and the indentation of claws was very clear. The size of the thing took everyone’s breath away. What monster could leave such a print? The size could cover the largest of them, which would be Tusk. A frightening thought. They all looked around apprehensively.
“Just one?” Baer asked and everyone scoured the vicinity but could find no other marks. Not on the lichen encrusted stones, nor on the grass that encroached on the rocks. Tusk shook his head in doubt, but there was no denying the clear imprint in the mud.
“I wish Cosh were here.” Baer scratched his head. If they were up against this giant of a thing, he would like to know more about it. The Chief-Scout was an expert tracker and he could speak at great length about even the faintest of prints. The trouble was that he was somewhere up ahead. It was already a considerable puzzle that he had not warned them. Surely he could not have overlooked it? Baer chewed on his lips. The older he got, it seemed the more cautious he was becoming. He did not like this.
“Perhaps it is a giant bird,” Gill offered not too hopefully. That would explain a single print and nothing else besides. Startled, the rest quickly scanned the sky, fully expecting a monster to sweep down upon them.
“Curious. Most curious,” mused Chaiko, bending over to have a better look.
“Is curious all you can say?” his brother wanted to know. Be a shaman, his tone commanded, and unravel this riddle. His brother looked up at him, unblinking, obviously thinking of various possibilities.
“Do you not find this thing peculiar?” Chaiko asked, his voice strangely unimpressed.
“Yes, I find the size most disturbing!” Baer retorted a little irritated by his brother’s seeming lack of concern.
“Do not look at the size,” Chaiko said with infuriating calm; “Try to see it as any other print.”
Baer tried, but the size overshadowed all other considerations. He had this eerie feeling that something large was lurking about ready to pounce on them. One of the monster creatures that the old tales told about. Why had he not heard of this before? He looked beseechingly at his brother.
“Is it a left foot or a right foot?” Chaiko asked in the same calm tone.
“Left? Right?” Baer was taken aback. Who cares, he thought, then looked anyway, but could not find an inward curve to the toes; instead, the claws pointed straight ahead. Then a few oddities about the print began to occur to him too. He bent down and poked into the soft mud. “You know, for its size, it has to be surprisingly light, barely sinking a fingers’ breadth into the soil.” He poked the imprint with his fingers to measure the depth. The bottom of the print was not all that compacted and the edges did not curve up and away as if to yield to a great weight. “You know, if I rightly look at it...” his voice trailed off as he looked closer at the audacity facing him.
“Is it not curious how a simple distraction of size could mask all other features and so mislead the senses?” Chaiko mused aloud. “Is it not said that the eye does not lie but sees truly? Yet, here the eye hurries to err.” He motioned toward the others, who were still looking anxiously around for some hideous danger threatening them. Makar was expounding on the sheer size of the creature that must have made such a print. “I fear a much smaller creature has made this print, to raise some great mischief.” Chaiko’s tone was amused.
“Surely not Makar? No, not him. It must be Ruba!” the two brothers concluded simultaneously. The youth had been up ahead of them, ranging back and forth across their path searching for edible plants and roots to supplement their food stores. Baer took a deep breath to summon the miscreant, but Chaiko forestalled him. “Be not so quick, brother. It can be argued that the fish that bit on the hook was trying to pull the fisherman into the water. A trick can be turned on itself.” He rubbed his face with relish, the stubble of his beard rasping under his touch.
“By no means.” Baer rose, recovering from the annoyance of being taken in so easily, grimacing ruefully. “People!” he called aloud, “take heed and care. There is great danger near us as this print testifies. Why should we so challenge such danger? Perhaps it is best that we do not go to this Gathering. No, it is most prudent to turn back and go home. Only a fool invites danger onto his head.” An involuntary chorus of dismay was forced from the crowd. Deny them the pleasures and excitement of a Gathering? Surely not! But Baer was adamant. “We must warn Cosh and call him back!” Baer looked around, his eyes alighting on Ruba. “Ruba, you are fleet of foot, go as fast as your legs will carry you and bring Cosh back here at once!” the leader yelled the last words at the vacillating youth who was startled into motion before he realised it. It was soon eating him that his harmless little joke so miscarried, now risking even the rare pleasure of a Gathering. He should not have made the print in the first place, but having made it, he should have confessed, instead of running on some fool’s errand, making his original transgression into more of a sin.
After the youth disappeared behind a screen of bushes, Baer looked at Chaiko and asked, “Now what?”
Chaiko winked back at him, and yelled out loudly, “Ork! Sosa!” Then he continued evenly to his brother, “If anybody knows how to turn one of Ruba’s tricks back on him, then these are the two.” Baer nodded in agreement, then went among the rest to reassure them. Soon as the realisation began to sink in, there were angry voices raised in indignation. They could not believe how easily they had been duped. Only Gill seemed inclined to laugh, relishing the prank.
“I knew it!” Makar was the first to recover. “I knew there was something wrong with the print,” he maintained, “but not what. How could you tell when you could not even take in its size at a single glance? And who would expect Ruba to show so much... originality?”
Tara stabbed the end of her staff into the print and uttered a disdainful, “Hrump. It does not even look like a real print.”
“No, it does not,” validated Chandar, “but that only makes it more strange. The more unreal it appeared the more likely it became.” Tara looked doubtfully at him, and he continued defensively, “Would you have believed a giant squirrel paw print?”
“Hrump,” Tara blew through her nose. Like the others, she, too, was backing away from her own unwitting role in the deception they fell into. It might have been Ruba who made the print but it was each one of them colluding to believe it.
Chaiko looked at the episode more pragmatically. “Do not forget that his father was an artist, who liked to draw animals and had a lively imagination. It should therefore not be surprising that his son should have some talent, too.”
“True. But his father had it under control, whereas it leaks out of Ruba as mischief,” Tanya argued, sounding unusually harsh in condemnation of the youth. Even Dawn raised an eyebrow. But it was understandable. Tanya believed it when her mate, Baer, threatened to call off the Gathering and she had been scared that she would miss her chance at seeing her relatives. A Gathering was a rare event, occurring only once every four years.
Tusk was relieved to have an explanation for the seemingly unexplained, but it also gave a clear target for his irritation. He promised to wring the miscreant’s neck for so fooling them. Rea kicked some dirt into the print and protested that he had not been scared in the least.
Chaiko then waved to everyone, “All right. This is what we will do to teach one so bold as to play with our fears and emotions...” And he drew them all into the conspiracy as he detailed what he had in mind. Ork and Sosa smirked with undisguised pleasure. More and more heads nodded with enthusiasm as the mood of revenge blossomed. Dawn noted how her mate had adroitly turned the shock of the scare into eager anticipation of a payback.
It was tending to late afternoon when Cosh, Ushi and Ruba returned to find not a soul on the rocky plateau. The print was still there, obscenely large, and Cosh puzzled briefly over it then searched for signs of the rest. Ushi was mesmerised by the sight of the print. There were plenty of signs but except for the obvious path leading in, there were no tracks leading away. It seemed that the rest of the clan had disappeared into thin air as had the mythical bird that had left the print.
Ruba was suddenly very worried. He had found the Chief-Scout but had not dared to confess his role in the prank. Instead, he stammered incoherently about a giant bird that landed in their path. Cosh could make no sense of the youth’s confusion as Ruba had tried to weave fiction with fact. They had hurried back, and here at least Cosh had a chance to read the signs. He circled about, his eyes on the ground, drawing conclusions from the faint traces. At times his penetrating gaze would brush over the boy and each time Ruba felt acutely uncomfortable. He should have confessed, it ate at him, but now he was stuck with accounting for the delay and the continued deception. He could find no way out of his dilemma. Where were the people anyway? What could have happened to them?
As Ushi made some expectant noises, wanting an explanation, Cosh finally straightened and turned on the youth. “The nearest I can make out, some big bird landed and made off with them,” the Chief-Scout finally said, his eyes boring into Ruba’s. The youth’s mouth opened and closed... but uttered only an unintelligible squawk. Ushi could not manage even that.
“You must be... mistaken,” Ruba finally stammered out.
“Well either that or... they tried to escape down this hole,” Cosh offered, seemingly satisfied with either explanation.
“What hole?” both Ushi and Ruba wanted to know. Cosh showed them. Near the base of the cliff there was a fresh earthwork with a fair-sized tunnel leading below. There were numerous scuff marks on the mound and in the mouth of the tunnel, but nothing clear or definite. The view down soon disappeared in darkness as the tunnel wound its way through a maze of rocks. “That seems the only way off this plateau. I think it must lead to some other exit. It would be best to send someone down through it to see where it comes out.” Ruba had a sinking feeling that he knew who that someone was going to be. He was not wrong and soon found himself on all fours crawling along the dim constriction.
In the darkness the world closed in on him, and he soon lost all sense of direction and had to feel his way along. There was a dank smell of earth but also a comforting draft as the air flow forced itself around him. That in itself promised another exit, and Ruba took heart. The tunnel was spacious enough to allow easy progress. Good thing it was not a small badger hole, he thought, but then size suddenly became a new, worrisome issue. Just how big was this creature who occupied this place? He fervently hoped it was not a bear. Even a badger was a serious enough threat. He could well envision large, sharp claws driven by a ferocious disposition. And the creature was used to this darkness that remained closed for him. On all fours Ruba scurried along, driven by his mounting apprehension. He sniffed the air nervously, his nose repelled by a musky, pungent smell mixed with the sharp odour of urine and scat. He found himself gagging as his senses reeled. As there was not room enough for him to turn around he drove himself onward into the blackness. Thunder filled his ears and he was surprised that all the booming and reverberations were coming from his heart. Then he reached an inner chamber and suddenly found himself lost in the open space. The tunnel was no longer there to lead him. He fought down the momentary panic... how was he going to find his way out of here? He thought of Cora, which calmed him and helped him think. Follow the flow of air, his mind suggested. And so, frequently turning his head to let his cheeks catch the lightest swirl he proceeded cautiously along the path the air indicated. Soon he was in another tunnel, then found himself crawling upward, very encouraged by that fact. He wondered how the others had managed to push themselves through this constriction. Tusk for example. But Cosh could not be wrong about this. Not about signs and tracks. The tunnel took a turn and suddenly there was a crack of light up ahead. He sped up, his palms sore and his knees scraped raw by his progress on all fours.
Suddenly there was a noise up ahead. A vicious snarl as something leapt at him in the dark. He recoiled and quickly backed up. After a few paces he paused, listening and considering, his heart hammering in his ears. The tunnel was too narrow to turn around and he decided against backing all the way to the main chamber. Seeing how close he was to the surface, he decided to try again to force an exit. He wished he had not left his spear behind, but it had looked as if there was no room for it in the twists and turns of the burrow. Now he was facing an ill-tempered beast with no weapon in hand. He dug into the tunnel walls and worked a fist-sized stone free. It was a crude implement but it was better than nothing. He tried a cautious approach upward. The light spilled into the tunnel, but it blinded him instead of helping him to see. Again the creature attacked, snarling and growling ferociously. In the close confines it sounded as if there were more than one. Ruba gritted his teeth and pressed on, striking out with the rock, hoping to hit the creature. Whatever it was, it yielded a step but then attacked. Again and again it charged in, then retreated to launch a new attack. Ruba had to get out of there and he met each charge with a determined counterattack. Little by little he won ground. Amazingly, the creature did not bite or even rake him with its sharp claws. Each success fed Ruba’s elation; he was winning his way free. Sunshine flooded into the mouth of the tunnel and inexplicably the creature snarled and wheeled away to disappear. Ruba, taking advantage of this opening, scampered after and heaved himself into the open. His eyes were assaulted by the brightness and he could not see. He strained to keep his eyes open but they were filled with tears. He staggered to his feet, waiting for the creature’s next attack. It did not come. Disoriented and confused, he fought the pain to see, but the light overwhelmed the shadows. He rubbed his eyes desperately. He needed to see!
Slowly shapes began to emerge, but they made no sense. Then as details congealed he looked around to face the rest of the clan quietly watching him. They were safe! he rejoiced. Safe from that giant bird of prey. What bird? He had made the bird up, or the print at least. He blinked at them, much confused. In front, the faces of Ork and Sosa with smiles that stretched from ear to ear. And there were Cosh and Ushi. Slowly it dawned on him that he had been had. Obviously, they had dragged him through the tunnel just to punish him. His nose was assaulted by a fresh wave of pungent odour and with dismay he realised that it was all emanating from him. He had picked up the creature’s rank smell as he worked his way through the narrow den. Then he saw Cora regarding him with a serious expression and he blushed, ashamed and wished fervently that he had not earned this reproof.
Laughter erupted then. Belly-shaking laughter. A joke had been repaid, and the account was settled. “We are not really going to go back home and miss the Gathering?” he asked sheepishly.
“No,” Baer said, a big smile widening his face.
“But I do not understand, what happened to the creature I was fighting?” he asked puzzled as there was no sign of it anywhere. Sosa pulled a pole from behind his back. Attached to one end was a marten skin. The boy extended the pole toward Ruba, jabbed at him, shook it and growled. The skin suddenly became alive as it danced threateningly in front of Ruba. He took an involuntary step back, his jaw dropping. A fresh wave of laughter erupted, until all were weak-kneed from mirth.
“Thank you, Ruba.” Chaiko slapped the youth on his back resoundingly. “It has been a long time since we all had such a good laugh. Thank you again.” Ruba nodded still disoriented; he knew that the shaman had meant the gratitude. The shaman knew how restorative good laughter was and he too laughed long and hard until he grew fatigued.
After the hilarity finally passed, the clan made camp on the rocky plateau though it was only late afternoon with still a lot of daylight left to travel. But the laughter had loosened all their tensions, for the moment at least, and also slackened the discipline to keep on moving toward their destination. In any case, they had been travelling for six days straight and had two more left to go; after so much trudging through a slowly changing landscape, people were weary and in the mood to celebrate, and seized upon this opportunity to do so. They talked eagerly to each other, reliving and recounting every nuance of this most recent episode. Contrary to his fears, Ruba thus found himself a celebrity, and quickly expanded to fill the role. He was suddenly very candid about all his feelings and machinations, keeping back only his intention to trash the two renegades Sosa and Ork. Somehow, it did not sit well with them that through their agency, Ruba had grown into the hero of this interlude. The gloating thus turned sour.
Guffawing, Gill pounded Ruba on the back and even praised him, “You, my boy, bear watching.” Ela wrinkled her nose in distaste, but in the present circumstance of Uba’s sudden notoriety, the rank smell somehow added to his stature. It was as when a spirit-dancer donned a mask to become something larger than himself.
“You reek, my friend,” Cosh informed him unnecessarily.
Ruba turned on him and asked, “You knew, didn’t you? How they tricked me. But how?”
“It was all there, in the spoors and tracks. The misdirection at the burrow and all around. How they walked backwards on the path they came on to hide their exit and circled around to the burrow’s far side to wait for you.” Again the Chief-Scout laughed with the rare pleasure of it.
“But how did you know what they were planning?”
“What the signs on the ground did not tell me, you did. Every expression or gesture you made, told me things. It was not hard to put it all together.” Once again the scout was earnest, as he took his calling seriously, though he was pleased with himself. If only everything in life were so obvious, for most often he found himself confused by other people’s emotions.
The clan settled down by the fires into congenial groupings, still relishing the lightened mood. Chaiko found Dawn who with Tanya organised their fire that included Baer, Chaiko and Cosh with their families and their guests Fire-Dancer and Hollow-Tree. Over the winter both had learned clan-language sufficiently to be able to converse fluently. Fire-Dancer was liked by all for her winsome sparkle and lithe grace. Hollow-Tree, who had a propensity for being quiet, became even quieter and more watchful as he measured his culture against that of the clan’s. He was beginning to appreciate that life was more complex and variable than what he had learned to expect. In a way, Eagle-on-High had been right, his eyes were opening and the leader that was in him was growing.
The women made a comfortable grouping. Tanya, Dawn, Ile and Fire-Dancer, to avoid disturbing the men, whispered among themselves and minded each other’s children, keeping them herded together protectively in the middle. There was Yael and Wild-of-Wind, Csama and the twins, Moonbeam-Light-on-Water, and Sundance-on-the-Waves. The two older boys were growing restless and tried to break through the circle of women, but were kept contained.
“You would think they would be overtired from all the walking we did today,” Fire-Dancer quietly observed, looking fondly at her son. Wild-of-Wind had grown considerably over the winter on the rich bison meat. He and Yael would often wrestle in friendly competition where his size quickly gave him an edge. Yael would regard him with his father’s seriousness, brows furrowed, thinking, taking advantage of every opportunity that he discovered. He had learned already that a smaller person had to fight with his head as much as with his muscles.
Both mothers looked on, experiencing the rush of protective feelings, but unable to intervene against the prescribed upbringing for boys. Youths were supposed to roughhouse and harden themselves to pain and hurt. But for mothers, to hold back was a hard duty, as they were unable to mix in until there was a sign of blood.
Nearby, on the other side of the fire, Baer, Chaiko, Tusk, Cosh and Ushi were sitting in a tight cluster, peering at the pelvic bone of a deer incised with the list of waypoints of their journey into the land of the Black-Clam Clan. Attesting to the growing power and influence of Corrigan Lebow, this year the Gathering was to take place on his turf. It was not a very popular decision with all the clans, as the mud flats were not the most suitable location to host such a large event. There were no great migrations of beasts, or a fish-run to feed so large a host as was converging on this place. There were marshes, true, with great varieties of waterfowls, frogs and fishes, but hunting them dispersed the Gathering the aim of which was to come together.
“Two more days for sure.” Cosh was pointing at the signs on the bone, then at the land, “And that ridge line to the east is the last height before the low place of marshes.”
“Not a bad time of year for this,” Ushi added from personal experience. “Any earlier and the insects would have devoured us if we had to wander away from the fires. Or smell the foul ointment they cover themselves with for protection. But in this season, the heat and wind will keep the bugs down. Still...” his voice faltered to indicate his disapproval of the location.
“Still, what Lebow wants, Lebow gets,” Baer completed the unvoiced thought.
Chaiko, who two years previous had faced the man and knew from first hand his unbounded ambition, said in a measured tone, “The Head-Shaman of all the clans should feel the weight of concern for all of us, not just the prestige of it.”
Baer looked quizzically at his brother; now, what did he mean by that? But Chaiko dismissed the question with a wave of his hand. Lebow was yet ahead of them, and now he wanted to think of the present. The well-being of the clan was his responsibility and Baer’s, and he needed to think of them first. He looked at the members one by one, into their moods and dispositions. And though he sensed eddies here and there, he could not discover any major fault in the mood and makeup of his clan that would need his attention. He was aware of the various groupings, of course, for beside the leadership group and their families, there was a younger group unto themselves, comprised of Crow and Lana, Chandar and Tara, Makar and Ido, with perhaps Stow and Ulla included. They were conscious that the future belonged to them, though they made no overt claim to it. There was also an older group of Rea, Gill and Ella. Chaiko’s brows darkened. They had left Ella and Calla behind in the cave, as sadly, the Gathering was beyond their strength. Last winter had been mild, but on the shortest day of the year they buried Kor, the master craftsman and worker of stone. His frail body, twisted by pain in his bones, weighed almost nothing as they laid him into the ground and covered his remains. After that Calla had changed. The once haughty lady had shrunk both physically and in spirit since the passing of her mate. Back home in the cave, she and Emma kept each other company, two ageing women living in the immediate present, the future no longer a consideration for them.
Chaiko was saddened. He had liked and respected Kor, had learned a great deal from watching him and credited the old man with the skill he had acquired as a tool maker and innovator. He missed him as he missed Malek the artist of the clan who died two winters ago saving someone else. The painter had taught him to look beyond the surface at the core of things. He had stressed that perception began from looking at the inside, for often the appearance of things distracted from their reality. He was father to Ruba and Ork and mate of Nebu. Chaiko searched out Nebu and found her in the company of women, working quietly. For a long time after Malek’s death she had been withdrawn and unapproachable even to her children. But time had blunted the edges of her sorrow, though there was still its aura hiding in her eyes and in her quiet loneliness. Sad thoughts for such a nice day, Chaiko concluded. But then he thought of Samar, his teacher and predecessor, though neither knew at the time that Chaiko would evolve into the next shaman of the clan. Samar, buried in a peaceful valley in the hills. Chaiko gave silent thanks to these men, then out of guilt thought of his parents. But again a River of Rocks intruded, effectively cutting his past in two, the far shore very distant and unreal.
Determined, he forced himself to think of his father, a quiet man who had lived a quiet life. He would not have understood his two sons driven to such prominence. Chaiko found that thought strange but illuminating. His mother had been a calm, peaceful person too, though she had a slight brooding quality that Chaiko could never penetrate. She would look long into the distance and Chaiko knew that she was far, far away. Where had she gone then? Chaiko rarely thought of his parents, but then there were so few memories that stood out. Even Baer rarely mentioned them. Casting his mind ahead to the Gathering, he decided to track down some real facts about his parents that were locked in other people’s memories.
Dawn had noted her mate’s mournful countenance and came to sit down beside him. She laid a gentle hand on his stump, in what they both recognized as the most reassuring gesture of tenderness between them, that acknowledged fully his vulnerability but also his strength in overcoming the injury. He smiled at her and said, “I was thinking of my parents, and realized how little I knew them. Perhaps I was too preoccupied with myself and my hurt to look to theirs?” He shrugged his shoulders sadly.
Again she touched his leg and said softly, “There is little we can do about the past, we can only change its memory. But we can teach our children about us so they won’t feel the same as we do about our parents.” Dawn looked toward all three of their children, and as they watched, the past, yielding to the present, receded. She leaned over, kissed him on the forehead and whispered, “Thank you.” Then she left as Moon was making her escape.
He looked after her wondering; his somber mood was gone. He once again settled into himself and continued with his inventory. All in all, they were in good shape. He squinted east where the immediate future was taking them and he felt they were ready. More than just ready, he corrected, they were all eager for the Gathering.
The midsummer day sparkled with the blue glow of a late afternoon sky. Wisps of clouds stood out here and there, providing a clear backdrop to watch the birds wheel in flight. The shaman of the Standing-Rock Clan watched their motion carefully. He knew how much he owed to them in the past. Had they not told him years ago about an impending earthquake? Last year he had commanded an eagle to do his bidding and twice it did. Could he do it again? He searched but could not find an eagle among the birds today. Of course not, the other birds would not be so carefree otherwise.

Chapter 2
By next afternoon they were nearing the last ridgeline before the marsh plain. Here, the line ran straight north and south across their path through eroded hillsides, with yellow chalk stone outcroppings protruding like bones from the scrub pine and hawthorn. They were heading for a gap that the bone map claimed to offer passage. “We are right on time,” Cosh declared pleased, for on the move he was the eyes and ears of the Standing-Rock Clan, path-finding his responsibility. Soon after, the eyes and ears left to scout, taking Stow with him.
Baer was carrying Csama draped over his shoulders, the toddler kicking and struggling energetically in his grasp. Chaiko kept pace beside them, carrying Moon who was quietly hanging on, watching everything around her. Chaiko praised his daughter for how quiet she was, how patient and well behaved. Finally Baer told him to stop as Csama was not any of those things. The shaman swallowed his smile and remained quiet. The women were walking just ahead of them: Tanya, Dawn and Fire-Dancer. Their bodies swayed rhythmically with each step, making the men think of other things besides walking. Ile joined them. Two mature women and the two sisters, about ten years younger, all enjoyed each other’s company in spite of the age difference and worked well together. Tanya was eminently caring and concerned; Ile was in all things practical; Dawn had a serene, calming effect on everyone around her; and her sister added a lively sparkle.
“It seems such a long time since I have seen my relatives,” Tanya said wistfully then her tone became worried. “I hope everyone is still all right.” Her father had died years ago and the last time her mother had looked so frail.
“Shhhh,” Ile tried to reassure her. “No use fretting about things we don’t know beforehand.”
“No. I mustn’t worry.” Tanya sighed but all Gatherings had a bittersweet flavor as people caught up on what had transpired over the past four years. Too often, someone had died or was unable to come because of age or sickness, sometimes a relative or a friend.
The ground was even and hard packed. Recently a group had passed this way just ahead of them, also on the way to the Gathering. Perhaps the Dorgays. The trail was clear, and did not demand Chaiko’s attention. With Moon fallen asleep, Chaiko’s mind dwelt on the days ahead. As shaman he had the right to attend the Council of Shamans. Though he felt nervous at this prospect, he was also excited about asking them some questions, particularly about spirits. Finally he hoped to have some answers from the more experienced members of the shamans’ council.
Strangely, when he had first seen Ruba’s fake print, his sense of reality was briefly overwhelmed by the implausibility of it all. For that instant, when he was unsure, he felt a strong spirit surge, as if he were very close to it. However, as soon as his reason took hold again, the spirit effect faded. Unquestionably, spirits were sensed intuitively, not reasoned. The more one looked at it the less one saw of it. One had to open oneself up, surrender the self to allow the spirit to manifest in the absence of self... or something like that. For now, he was anticipating the opportunity to confirm some of his thoughts. Soon.
Chaiko surmised that he would be tested and have to go through an initiation ceremony. After all, every group required some form of protocol and control over its membership. What would he have to face? He worried about this a bit, but reminded himself that Corrigan had promised to sponsor him.
Beside him Baer grunted and pointed ahead. A short way onward stood Cosh and Stow waiting for them. What did that mean, Chaiko asked himself, immediately alert. The sun was nearing the tree tops to the west but there was still plenty of daylight left. Why then was Cosh pulling up so short? It wasn’t time to make camp yet. A stir went through the travellers as others wondered as well.
They soon reached Cosh who pointed to where a trail from the north intersected the path they were on. Further in the distance to the north, a group of people was approaching.
“Who?” Baer asked.
“Likely the Lesser-Bear-Claw,” Cosh answered. This news was greeted with elation. Everybody well remembered how they had come to their aid against the Tolmecs.
“Laars!” Tusk exclaimed in a rare burst of joy for him. Some of the people had spent a winter among the Lesser-Bear-Claw at the time of the great famine and had grown fond of the man.
Chandar also grew excited as he and Ulla had come to the Standing-Rock clan from the Lesser-Bear. Shouts of greeting already filled the air though the newcomers were yet a long way off. But they too were already waving.
Baer scanned the vicinity quickly. Cosh offered, “There is a fair-sized clearing just a little ways with a trickle of clear water as well.”
“Good. Let’s move onto there and make ready to receive our friends.”
In short order the clan found the meadow and set about to make it as comfortable as possible for both groups. When the Lesser-Bear-Claw arrived there was a fire burning and meat roasting on a spit, filling the air with its delicious aroma.
The two groups rushed each other and melted into one as people enthusiastically greeted one another as long-lost friends, with much smiling and slapping of backs.
“Laars, you bewhiskered walrus, it’s good to see you.” Tusk pounded on the leader of the Lesser-Bear-Claw. Laars had grown some facial hair, looking a little strange but his eyes sparkled with familiarity.
“It’s good to see you too,” Laars responded, then turned to Baer and tried a semblance of protocol. “Greetings to you and your clan. The Lesser-Bear-Claw Clan wishes its brothers of the Standing-Rock health and all comfort. May good luck be your shadow forever. May the paths be made smooth before you.”
“Likewise brother,” Baer answered with a glad smile, clasping both of the man’s hands. “If you need anything my clan can provide, ask and you shall have it. We have not forgotten how bravely you and your people stood with us against the Tolmecs.”
“As would you for us, I am sure.” Laars grinned from ear to ear. “How are your neighbors doing, holding onto the peace we have made?”
“Well enough. Chaiko has tamed them and even taught them a lesson in manners. But we will save that for later to chew on around the fire.”
“Kaito,” Laars called his mate then presented her to Baer and Tanya. A short, round woman she was, her face smooth without wrinkles and when she smiled her eyes nearly disappeared. “And that’s my son over there,” Laars said, pointing to a surprisingly tall man talking to Kray in the crowd.
“Our daughter mated with a Sharp-Owl, and I can hardly wait to see her at the Gathering,” Kaito said, her voice raspy, at odds with her obvious kind though firm personality.
“Yes it will be good to see family again,” Tanya answered.
Big Simm was busily greeting everybody. His massive bulk moved like an avalanche through the crowd, sweeping all conversation aside. He was overjoyed to see everyone. “How are you, Ela?” he asked, remembering fondly how he had eaten at her fire.
“Never better,” she replied, “Gill and I are mated and we are expecting a child soon.” She patted her abdomen significantly, though she did not show yet.
“Well, good for you. Gill is a good sort. Fun to be with. I am happy for you.”
Two steps away, Chandar was presenting Tara to his parents. “This is my mate,” he said proudly. His parents looked with great curiosity at the girl who had finally captured their son’s heart. It had been a failed affair of the heart that had driven him into the wider world. It did not sit entirely comfortably with them that she was a Tolmec, but the girl looked healthy and had an appealing calm grace, though she very rarely smiled. They will soon have occasion to take a second look, Chandar told himself, as soon as they see her walking about armed with weapons just like any man.
“The meat is done,” someone announced loudly. This immediately broke up the conversations, for few things exceeded the importance of food. Baer invited the Lesser-Bear-Claw clan to partake of the meal, which was hastily accepted as everybody quickly got down to the business of eating. The women passed around the meat served with rice flavored by the drippings.
Chaiko gladly accepted his portion, presented on a serving-skin as there were no suitable broadleaf plants around to serve food on. The tantalizing aroma of the meat made his mouth water in anticipation. Food always tasted better after a long day’s march, he noted and took the first bite. The roast had been smoked, the slightly bitter taste at the outside edges enriching its flavor. Quiet prevailed as everybody lost themselves in the very private enjoyment of eating.
Otter-Cry, the Lesser-Bear-Claw shaman was sitting with Chaiko. He was a small, wizened man of indeterminable age, his face etched by a myriad of wrinkles. The man was chewing carefully; obviously his teeth were bothering him and Chaiko winced in sympathy. Few things were as infuriatingly personal as a persistent toothache. Dawn took a piece of half-chewed meat from her mouth and gave it to Yael to work on. The twins, sensing meal time, started to squirm impatiently, so Dawn, turning away shyly, held first one to her breast then the other. Chaiko was finished and took a long drink from the water skin which he passed to his guest. He wiped his mouth with the back of his hand then rubbed his hands with some sand. All around the conversations resumed as they finished, except for Simm and his mate who were still chomping on the remains of a big ham bone. Their faces shone with grease and the pleasure of it.
“All year there have been rumors of conflict over hunting rights to adjoining waters between the Makeyes and the Gull,” Otter-Cry resumed the conversation with Chaiko. “They are planning to bring their dispute to the Council for resolution. Runners came to the Lesser-Bear-Claw from both sides soliciting our support.” Chaiko made a face. Since the Standing-Rock clan was at the western periphery of clan lands and was so few in number, it rarely, if ever, received similar delegations. He was going to change that, somehow. He focused on the man who had sat on the Council of Shamans for many years and was familiar with its workings.
“And how is the Council predisposed to their petition?” Chaiko asked the seemingly idle question. It would be good if he could get some insight into the working of the Council, in preparation for taking a place on it.
Otter-Cry shrugged his thin shoulders. “They rarely ask for the opinion of insignificant clans. It will be as Corrigan Lebow wishes or has been influenced by gifts, titles and promises. He is insatiable.” He squinted at Chaiko and having decided to trust him, continued candidly, “At this point, the Council is Lebow. But it was not always like that. Under Canclaw, everyone’s viewpoint counted and was considered.” He paused, his face set in bitter lines. He picked up a pebble and cast it away in an unconscious gesture of disgust and helplessness. “Presumably they will ask you to sit among them... but they might not. Today it is hard to tell. If Corrigan can find for himself some advantage to include you then your suit is as good as done; if not, he and the Council will ignore you.” Then the man lapsed into silence, his mouth a thin line of disapproval.
Chaiko considered. Corrigan Lebow had promised his support to seat him on Council, but did he keep his promises? It seemed that appealing to Corrigan’s self interest was likely to be the best course, and he marshaled what he could bring to such a bargain. He looked at Otter-Cry and wondered if he could or should make an ally of him. The man seemed so limp and powerless. He decided to wait to test the waters; it would be a misstep if he allied himself prematurely without knowing the full scene. To choose a tree in the middle of a forest is one thing, but later to find it is quite another, he recited the clan saying to himself.
“Spirits...?” Chaiko asked; since he had set himself the task of learning about them, he might as well start asking early.
“Spirits?” the other waved disinterestedly. “My predecessor believed in them. I do not. You will find that few on Council will waste time talking about them. Spirits will do what they will, think not that you will influence them. Even Lefay of the Blackfoot Clan cannot explain them.”
Chaiko was disappointed. His quest was not starting well. He plucked a grass stalk and picked at his teeth absently, cleaning between them. This made the other man uncomfortable, reminding him of his teeth, and he excused himself to search out the medicine woman.
Ushi came over, bringing a portly man whom he introduced as Callocan. “He is a toolmaker of some skill,” he declared, carefully emphasizing “some skill” to make a compliment of it, “and he has made an interesting innovation to Falcon.” Callocan presented a Falcon to the shaman. At a glance Chaiko saw it was not his own workmanship. For one thing, the wood was different, of a grain he did not recognize, it had a much thicker middle and was more tapered at the ends. The wood was likewise burnished with care. Chaiko caressed it, a tender expression growing on his face.
“This is very fine,” Chaiko said. He drew back on the string, testing the pull of the bow, then let go. A pleasant hum filled the air. Pleased, he smiled again, reminded of his original Singing-Stick which had led him to Falcon. That seemed such a long time ago, but really he would have to make a new one for singing. “With a fine song,” he added, giving the weapon back.
The man beamed with pleasure. “It is easy to do something once one has been shown how.”
“True,” Chaiko allowed, “but anything well done and so finely worked will speak praise for itself and its maker.”
“Take a look at this.” Ushi interrupted the pleasantries and gave the shaman a talon. Again Chaiko examined the fine crafting. The stick was well balanced, true and straight, with an effective flint head, sporting feathers at the back of the shaft.
Interested, the shaman played a finger over the edge of feathers attached loosely to the shaft. “And what is this?”
“It helps to stabilize the shaft,” Callocan said, “keeping the point straight ahead by dragging on the back. It then flies truer.”
“It’s true,” Ushi attested, “I’ve tried it.”
“Well done then,” Chaiko praised.
But Callocan blushed and protested, “It was not me. I copied it from a weapon I saw carried by a Makeye. Where he learned it, I do not know.”
“Well done anyway,” Chaiko said sincerely, meaning it, for the man’s work spoke for him. He then turned to Ushi, “Make sure to show it to Kray.” The two went off on the new errand.
Chaiko was suddenly left to himself in midst of all the activity. He looked around for Dawn, and found her consorting with the women as the two clans mixed curiously. The twins were passed around from hand to hand, being much admired. Self-importantly Ulla found herself at the node of both groups, and fully enjoyed the attention. At the main fire Baer and Laars were the centre of an animated group. Restless, Chaiko rose and ambled over to the group Crow was part of. His friend smiled at his approach, made room for him and Lana hurried over to offer some dried fruits, but the rest of the young people were intimidated by his presence. It was strange that although he was the same age as most, he had outgrown them and was no longer regarded as a peer. After all a shaman was a shaman. Chaiko soon moved on. He found Ushi busy talking intently with a pretty woman of Lesser-Bear. Skirting them, he came across Ruba hovering near Cora, who was being studied as a very exotic article by the youth of the other clan. Watch out people, Chaiko smiled to himself, the young girl has the intensity of Tara but also the provoking inquisitiveness that puts everyone near her at risk from her schemes. Further on, he saw Makar reciting some poems to a circle of listeners. Kray and the toolmaker Callocan were exchanging points of technique. To one side Tara was practicing great patience, being demure for the benefit of Chandar’s parents. Beyond them, a collection of people were trading things, boisterously haggling over each item. It seemed that for these two clans the Gathering had already started.
Imperceptibly the darkness deepened and suddenly the whole land was swallowed up in its maw. The moon was not up yet and the fires alone threw off little light. Surprised by the abruptness of nightfall, people scurried about finding places for themselves to sleep. Only at the farthest fire, where the young people congregated free of adult oversight, did the celebration continue.
*****
The path led them through the hills. Used both by humans and animals, it was well enough marked, at times narrowing with steep hills to either side, or opening up into a broader valley that revealed a little world unto itself. On two occasions they had to traverse a spillway of rocks poised precariously over dangerous slopes and each time Chaiko felt a twinge of apprehension grow in his stomach as they crossed these rivers of rocks. He could feel the stones shifting underfoot, groaning with the weight of rock bearing down from above. By the time they had crossed he was sweating profusely and hardly dared to breathe. He did not want to give the frozen river a second chance at him.
They encountered many other sights of interest. They passed a spectacular waterfall, tumbling down from a great height, cascading from ledge to ledge, dividing into streams, recombining, jumping from rock to rock. At the bottom the water smoked as it foamed into a pool and rainbows blossomed in the rising mist, wherever one looked. The roar and the splashing of the falling water swallowed all conversations. The sparkling sight reminded him of Dawn finding shelter behind the waterfall to escape the great fire.
They saw a herd of chamois, their sides flashing in the sun, as they worked their way upslope away from the incursion of humans. They were wonderfully sure-footed and their flight showed amazing agility across even a sheer rock face.
“Look at them jump,” Crow admired, “daring and defying death with each leap... Surely, they must be the bravest of animals.”
“And have great confidence,” mused Chaiko beside him.
“They taste great too, though a rare find,” said Simm, breathless from the last upward incline.
They also saw mountain sheep perched on a high ledge, their strands of wool blown about by the upsweep of a constant wind. These animals were not shy at all, but gazed imperiously at the human procession that had to keep to a narrow path zigzagging around obstacles. Sometimes a spattering of rocks warned them and they looked up to see a mountain sheep do the impossible, jump and land on a single spot, all four hooves sharing one print. Then it would look, this way and that, immune to the yawning abyss below. Ruba’s back shivered with dread at the sight of these sure-footed creatures braving such heights.
One time they were descending a steep slope, looking down into the next valley spread out below them, revealed in its entirety. Chaiko mused how this must be like an eagle’s view, exposing all details, when a shadow flashed by them to drop and strike a hapless rabbit below, then with powerful wingbeats lift the still struggling creature in the air to a cliff perch. A shrill, piercing cry was the victim’s last farewell to this earth, to his life. Here, among the hills, death was as sudden as on the plains or in the mountains. “Death waits for no one,” parroted Chaiko to himself, but it had been a rare experience to glimpse an eagle from above.
Crow had been beside Chaiko most of the way, helping to carry Yael for a spell, or one of the twins. And with Crow was of course Lana, her voice melodious even when speaking. They came to a narrow twist of canyons, amid towering rocks, that played back and amplified every sound. People could not resist yelling into its depth to hear their voices come back to them multiplied. Lana projected a trill into the opening. The sound seemed to hit the far wall, shatter and reverberate as a twinkling of falling ice. She improvised a cadence which echoed like a rainbow of sound. Breathless the people stopped and listened to this duet. Then a smaller voice, perfectly poised and matched joined in this concert. Little Cora was transported into a world of her own, floating on the harmonies that returned. The two of them, Lana and Cora, sang into the opening in the rocks, and people stood entranced by the beauty of the returning sound. Was there ever anything more perfect, more intriguing than this? Only slowly did the procession start up again, and remained silent for a long while for people were reluctant to break the spell that the two girls had woven for them. As for the two singers, they were still filled with the sounds that they would remember all their lives, every nuance, every variation, for it was that awareness of sound that made them singers in the first place.
One time, near midday, they paused in an open place carved out of a hillside by the patience of water and wind. Wearily they rested, their bones and muscles taxed by the constant up and down of the hills. Food was passed around, dried and smoked meats with some fresh vegetables that they gathered during the last stretch.
Between bites Ushi remarked, “Wait till you have some frog legs. There is nothing more tender or succulent. Not like this tough meat we are chewing and chewing all day and dare not swallow. The marshes are full of frogs which the Black-Pearl consider quite a delicacy.”
Makar looked at him askance. “I had some but I would not rave about it.”
They were all leaning against a smooth face of rock that displayed, at regular intervals, striations of different colors. Embedded in one layer were shells of different sizes and shapes. With the tip of his Falcon, Crow dug into the soft stone, carefully working a specimen free of the crumbling rock. Time and time again the shell disintegrated, but finally one survived which he showed to Lana, who ohed and ahed over the perfect little thing.
“This was a shell once,” she mused, “but what is it doing here in the hills? I have never seen shells in the mountains.” She passed the shell to Chaiko who inspected the curiosity. He then looked at the layer that had held it in the rock and the vast number of them sparkling there, embedded.
“As hard as it is to believe, this once must have been the bottom of a lake sometime in the past. For these shells are water creatures that we can still find in our lakes.”
“Lake? Here?” Tusk sounded skeptical, looking around at the surrounding hills. “Surely not?”
“I cannot imagine this many snails climbing rocks and cliffs,” shrugged Chaiko, but the puzzle was eating at him.
The all-knowing Ushi broke in, “Among the Omaani, bones turned to stone are sometimes washed out of the soil from a creature the size of hills. I would not have believed it had I not been shown a skull, with teeth bigger than my thumb and jaws the size to swallow a man whole and easily.” People did not like this description, and with their imagination so excited looked about apprehensively.
But Cosh who remembered the trick recently played on them joined in, “Perhaps Ruba made it out of clay...” The rest was lost in the laughter as the tension melted away.
Then they crested the last rise and saw spread out the marshlands of the Black-Clam clan, or the Black-Pearl as they now insisted on calling themselves at Corrigan’s behest. There were lakes that glinted in the foreground, but the distance was lost in the haze of heat building on the plain. The rich, marshy flatland was entirely ringed by mountains and this giant bowl collected and trapped the heat, with only the seasonal flush of the Sand-Bear River escaping through a narrow defile to the south.
After all the ups and downs that went before, at times over tortuous terrain, this last descent was surprisingly easy along a gentle slope with a well-trodden, broad avenue stamped into the soil to guide them. Within sight of their destination, elation swept through them. Finally! They congratulated each other glad-hearted and slapped each other on the back. The men did, that is; the women just clasped hands or hugged as a sign of their elation. The Gathering was but a day ahead.
Only a few of them had been to the lake lands of the Black-Pearl, so to most this was also a voyage of discovery, and heightened their curiosity. Yes, they proclaimed proudly, this, and as far as the eyes could see, is also clan land. More backslapping. “Let it alone,” Rea growled at his friend Gill, when the other looked to slap him again.
They soon found themselves on open, level ground. It was strange how quickly the transformation occurred. Behind them loomed the hills but the vista ahead shrank to a narrow ribbon of reeds and grass surmounted by a brilliant blue sky. Also welcomed was the soft ground they walked on, so much more pleasant than the hard rocks of the slopes. Flocks of birds were in the air, their sounds coming from near and far, as wings caught a piece of the sun and flashed brightly in the air. Cutting through this noise was a persistent hum of insects. Soon they were fanning themselves to keep these pests away.
As they passed by ponds and waving fields of reeds the immediate vicinity quieted, punctuated by splashes of frogs diving for the safety of water or the rustle in the reeds of birds and animals withdrawing from the advance of the strangers. These were different sounds than the echoes coming back from hillsides and the trickle of rocks falling, and for a while it held their attention. What was that, that loud warble? Was it a bird they knew, bird sounds seeming so familiar but different at the same time. Makar, who liked to pretend to be a bird at times, was quick to try to imitate them and soon had a conversation going with an inquisitive group of birds, no doubt laughing over his misuse of their various expressions. That, however, did not discourage him; he was used to laughter and oft tried evoking it. Ah, what would life be without the likes of Makar, his mate, Ido thought fondly.
A group of Lesser-Bear-Claw girls were chasing a flurry of butterflies and their squeals of delight rang pleasantly in the air, contributing to the festive mood. Not surprisingly, a group of boys had to be pulled from the clutch of mud; they had been gathering a variety of eggs among the reeds. They smelled all rotten from the dank lake bottom and were covered from head to foot with green slime. “Phui! Get away!” Cora waved Ruba off, repulsed by his vile smell, for of course, he had been one of them. All he wanted to do was to collect some eggs to give her. Dejected, he slunk away looking for some fresh water to wash in.
All around them were marshy fields, dangerous enough to swallow an unwary man who strayed from the path, but the way was well-marked and well-travelled. In places, tree trunks and branches were laid across soft spots to give firm footing. On some stretches gravel had been added to firm up the ground.
“When we get there I will visit the Dorgays,” Ork said. “They are famous for their honey and are generous in sharing it. I can hardly wait to have some in my mouth…”
“You can have that honey… I’d rather have the crystal honey the Sharp-Owl bring. It lingers in the mouth and keeps its taste half a day,” Sosa countered, his mouth filling with juices already. “Do you remember the time we traded rock berries with a Killebrew boy, claiming it was magical?”
“Yeah and watched him run for cover to empty his bowels when it didn’t agree with him,” Ork recalled fondly. “Do you remember his name?”
“Deer something. Running-deer. Why?”
“To keep an eye out for him. He might still be angry with us.”
“I doubt it,” Ruba chipped in. “That was four years ago. He won’t remember… I’m surprised you do.”
The boys regarded Ruba with mixed feelings. Until quite recently their mission in life was to irritate and thwart an older brother… but now, he was almost a Hunter, grown beyond their reach. Still habits die hard, and Ork and Sosa exchanged quick looks that bode Ruba no good; some time during this Gathering, they would for sure play some prank on him.
The combined numbers of Lesser-Bear-Claw and Standing-Rock came across an obvious campsite on firm ground, with a bubbling spring of cool water nearby, clear and sweet to drink. Here and there were circles of stones, guarding fire pits. There were even a few trees to provide shade for them to enjoy, a rare commodity in the flat, water-choked land. They called halt and settled down. The bone map indicated that by midday next, they would reach the main Black-Pearl camp.
They started fires and the women set about roasting a deer that the hunters had killed earlier in the day. There was not going to be much to pass around of the delicious meat, but on the move, travelling as they were, every fresh bit was appreciated. The older boys were sent to gather firewood, no small task in a land so devoid of trees and so picked over by previous travelers. Younger children collected bundles of reeds for the luxury of softening the sleeping places.
They had hardly started eating the meat when a flight of birds to the west called attention to that quadrant. A disturbance was approaching. The always responsible Cosh was immediately on his way to investigate. Soon after a crowd of people came into view and kept coming. “The Killebrews!” New excitement swept the camp as everyone jumped to their feet.
When the new arrivals flooded into the place, the campsite, previously so spacious, suddenly became crowded as over three hundred people were compressed into it. Rowan, a tall, muscular man who stood in the middle of the new group, called out loudly, “Greetings to you Lesser-Bear-Claw and Standing-Rock Clan! You are brothers to the Killebrew and all the generations that went before and yet to come. It is good to see you all.”
Laars, who was more senior answered, “Welcome to you, for where the clans gather the Killebrew is there to be recognized. Welcome.”
Baer too, said his piece. “Indeed, be welcome. Share what we have for we are proud to be related to the Killebrew. Welcome friends and kin.”
Rowan was a sub-leader. Tobu, too old to travel such a distance, remained home with those who could not travel. Every clan had the old and infirm who had to be left behind. Calla and Emma could not come this time, if ever, and the last two times, Chaiko had had to stay home.
The groups then mixed, glad shouts ringing throughout the camp as people discovered each other and a new round of backslapping ensued. The women clutched and hugged each other. Laughter and even tears expressed the joy people felt, coming so together. Four years was just too long to wait!
The fires were refreshed, and space was made for the newcomers. Kray came back with a brace of waterfowls he netted by the pond a little way off. Someone else gave a basketful of fish which was soon roasting over the fires. The hubbub of voices swallowed individual conversations and it was becoming hard to hear. “What ...?” Ulla demanded of an old woman she knew, distracted by all the noises around her. Some of the younger kids stared big eyed and open mouthed at all the commotion and people milling about. Where had they all come from? Why, they were almost as numerous as bison on the move!
No one tried to control the event as people found and lost each other in the ebb and flow. Everyone was content, caught up in the exuberance of meeting, exchanging news and stories. To one side the young people mixed among themselves, the boys on one flank, the girls on the other. They traded hungry looks whispering among themselves. “Do not get interested too soon,” the girls reminded themselves, “the real Gathering has not even started yet.” The boys, on the other hand, just waived all caution.
Younger boys soon found each other and organized a stone-throwing contest, all looking forward to the coming games of competition. Already measuring each other up, they walked about with chests puffed up, praising their own prowess in the attempt to intimidate the others.
Shy little girls huddled protectively together, afraid to be trampled by this multitude. A lost child cried, until it was restored to its family.
People were cheerful, full of life, and this was just a foretaste of all the fun that was yet to come.
The leaders sat apart: Baer, Chaiko, Laars, Rowan, Otter-Cry and Ushi.
“This will be a good time with all the clans coming together,” Baer started. “Standing-Rock can show its appreciation for the brotherly help against the Tolmecs.”
“How is that going?” Rowan asked. “Are the Tolmecs holding to the deal we made with them?”
“So far,” Baer answered. “Chaiko visited them last year, and the peace seems to be holding. Early this spring they sent a delegation to negotiate new numbers for hunting bison and it stayed friendly throughout.”
“They had trouble with some people to the west of them that kept them busy,” Ushi said.
“Who are these people to the west?” Rowan asked.
“We only know what the Tolmecs tell us… and that’s not much,” Ushi continued. “But then the Tolmecs are not the welcoming kind and it’s no surprise to us that they would rather fight than talk peace and cooperation.” The hearers frowned at this news, trying to see into the future.
A gust of wind confused the smoke, making them duck to stay out of its swirl. Otter-Cry wasn’t quick enough and got a lungful that set him coughing. Laars pounded the old man to ease him out of the choking.
“You know, we owe Standing-Rock great thanks,” Otter-Cry said when he could talk again. “Ghost-Fire struck the Blackfeet, but thanks to your remedy, no one died.”
“That was Chaiko’s doing,” Ushi informed them with great pride.
“So we heard,” Rowan spoke. “But we also heard that the Lapuris claim credit.”
“It’s true. They gave us the clue—” Chaiko admitted.
“But they never realized it. It was Chaiko who worked it out and made it known so people could survive this dread curse,” Ushi protested, unwilling to share the credit that belonged to Chaiko.
“The main thing is that we have a way of fighting Ghost-Fire,” Baer pronounced. “That’s the most important.” They all nodded.
Darkness came too soon, before anybody was near ready. The fires had shrunk because there was not enough firewood to keep them going and the reeds were too green, smoking more than they burned. In the clear night sky, with the late rising moon, the luminous cloud of stars expanded from horizon to horizon. After such excitement it was difficult for people to settle down. But things were winding down. People dropped out of conversations and sought out sleeping places. For everyone it had been a long day of travelling, often over arduous terrain. The most clever were early in finding the best resting places, so the latecomers had to be satisfied with what was left. The young people still stayed by the fire, hiding in the swirl of smoke. They talked in whispers, but adults still hissed at them to be quiet as they were trying to sleep. Yet by the time the moon rose, even the youthful energy waned and they too succumbed to tiredness from the burned-out excitement.
The wind chased itself playfully through the reeds, bending their stiff stalks, in a hurry to get somewhere. Otherwise only the ever-present chirping of crickets filled the air. Occasionally a bull frog took it into his head that it was a good time to advertise his readiness to court and he filled the air with his loud croaking. Rarely did he get an answer, but that did not seem to discourage him. Then just as abruptly he would stop. The shadow of an owl passed overhead, pausing over so many sleeping forms but confused, flew off toward something more familiar.
A fox prowling on its nightly rounds sniffed suspiciously at all the strange smells. She became excited by a sudden sharp odor, and rolled in it to overlay it with her own, then thought better of following the scent, hurrying off to her den anxious about her two little kits. Someplace danger lurked, but in middle of a mild summer night, amidst the snores of sleepers, no one cared or stirred.
The rest of the night passed uneventfully. The half moon sailed unobstructed across the sky, dragging its reflection through the myriad of lakes that dotted the land of the Black-Pearl Clan.

Chapter 3
The next day the procession was strung out along the path in no apparent order. The clans had mixed freely, with only small children constrained to be near their parents. Young boys ranged far ahead and the scouts were hard pressed to hold them back. Though they were travelling in friendly clan land, it was no reason to become reckless. It did not seem likely that the marshes were home to the more dangerous predators, like bears, wolves or big cats, but out of habit one stayed cautious. Cosh pursed his lips in disapproval, waving a fresh group of boys back. The trouble was that in the holiday mood, the normal rules of prudence did not hold and even adults, intoxicated by the crowd, dared more and certainly the young far outdid them.
In the distance, columns of smoke rose into the air partially obscured by the midmorning haze. They were near and without prompting, everyone lengthened their strides, gradually emerging onto a wider expanse of firm ground that was occupied by the Black-Pearl camp. Ahead, huts built of sod walls and covered with reeds dotted the rise of a gentle hill. As they climbed a slight rise, the surrounding country opened up to them. All around was the open water of the lakes, bound by fields of reed and marshes, overgrown with vegetation. It was easy to understand why the Black-Pearl had built here upon the only substantial rise of land.
As their approach was noted, a steady stream of people flowed out of camp, arraying themselves on open ground to welcome the new arrivals. On both sides there was a fever pitch of excitement in the air. “Hoy, hoy, hoy, hoy...” chanted the camp and the new clans answered back “Hey, hey, hey,” marching to the cadence of the sound.
Then the procession reached the camp and the waiting throng opened to let them in. More people rushed out of the huts, pressed together in the open space. “Lesser-Bear-Claw, Killebrew and Standing-Rock...” the names flew from mouth to mouth and the news of them arrived in the heart of the camp well before they did.
In the middle of the camp was an open space referred to as the “close,” for it was enclosed by a circle of huts used for such assemblies that now descended upon it. Everybody was streaming into this place, as the camp disgorged all of its occupants to join the new influx.
At the center waited the minions of Lebow. The great man himself would not come until everybody was at the rightful places assigned to them, so that he could make a grand entrance. Accordingly people were arranged by the “stables,” so called for the staves of authority they brandished to compel obedience. Stables were thus everywhere—not that there was likely to be any trouble; everyone recognized it was the duty of the host to provide order and organization. Soon everyone was at their places, but still they waited. Like a breeze, whispers passed through the assembled. “The Sharp-Owls are coming from the south. They are almost here, and Corrigan is waiting for them to take a place.”
An impatient shiver ran through the crowd. It was too much, even for Lebow, to keep them waiting like this. They quieted as the feelings of anticipation grew sour because of this ill-mannered gesture if not outright insult. Baer twisted the short beard that he was growing for the occasion. Since he too would take his position among the leaders of the clans, he wanted to look a little older than he really was. Since “old” equaled “wisdom” in the opinion of most, a beard was considered an outward sign of it.
People eventually settled down and sat on the ground, talking quietly. Now and then somebody discovered an acquaintance on the other side and waved in recognition. But it was often not clear for whom such a greeting was intended and often both sides found themselves waving to a forest of replies.
The sun rose and its warmth increased but there was still no sign of Lebow. People now sat listless and bored. It was hardest to keep the young people in line as they chafed at the restraint. Chaiko was playing with Yael, who was absorbing all his energies, keeping him fully occupied. The boy had grown and had developed a wiry strength that time and time again surprised Chaiko. What will it be like in a few short years? he wondered. Dawn passed him the waterbag from which he drank large mouthfuls. Fire-Dancer and Hollow-Tree were close beside her, gaping at the strange getup people from different clans wore. They often made comments in Ekulan, comparing impressions. They were doing what they had been sent to do, learning of the larger world in order to take that knowledge back to the Ekulan.
When a whisper passed through the crowd, everybody craned their necks to see what was in the air. “The Sharp-Owls are almost here. It will not be long now,” the whispers promised. And indeed, shortly thereafter a commotion could be heard approaching, with sounds of drums and reed whistles. People again rose to their feet, stretched and tried to catch a glimpse of the arriving clan. A shout went up, but it was desultory and quickly petered out. The Sharp-Owls took their place in subdued quiet. Then they waited still, in the bright sunlight to the chirping of crickets.
Finally there was a fresh stir as a small procession wound its way to the center place, accompanied by strained silence. Corrigan’s face was hard with displeasure at this cool reception to his personage. A mere murmur followed his progress and unconsciously he hurried his pace to shorten the damage to his reputation. Could this crowd not recognize his munificence? He looked about suspiciously among his followers, seeking someone to fix the blame upon. All of them pulled their necks into their shoulders in expectation of their master’s displeasure.
Chaiko noted that Corrigan had hardly changed since their last meeting. A few gray hairs and maybe a little extra weight. On home ground he walked with more arrogance, more convinced of his worthiness. He finally took his position on a dais of soft furs, and inclined his head to allow the reception to proceed. He addressed his welcoming words to a servant who then shouted them to the world.
“Welcome to the gathering of clans, ye of the Lesser-Bear-Claw from your mountain retreat, ye of Killebrew and Sharp-Owl so far from your hunting grounds. And welcome to Standing-Rock.” The great man took a drink while the rest of the world waited for him.
“Welcome all to the domain of the Black-Pearl Clan, my home and the home of the ibis and the crane that fly high over your lands on their travels. This is the land of the lakes and forests of reeds, pastures of water lilies and acacia trees that grow by the wayside. A land covered with flowers, blessed with abundant fertility. All around you, open to your eyes, nothing is hidden from view. To this land of my ancestors I welcome you.” Corrigan’s mouthpiece repeated faithfully his master’s words but injected a little more enthusiasm into them than his master had. Thus he finished his speech and his master said no more.
Laars stood for his clan and replied, “With gratitude the Lesser-Bear-Claw accepts your kind hospitality,” and as abruptly as he began he sat down giving the occasion the shortest mention that the protocol allowed.
The wily old Tascar stood next and accepted the honor to the Sharp-Owl. It was rumored that he had a list of concerns to bring to the attention of the clans and everybody in the know listened carefully to his speech to gain an indication of his intent.
“Indeed your land is blessed. We crossed the hills and its slopes saw the variety of game, sure-footed mountain goats and sheep, the fleet and graceful chamois bounding from rock to rock. We saw the eagle soar above the clouds and strike down like a lightning bolt. We saw the kingfisher rake its talons through the surface of the lake to hook a fish sunning itself. Yea, we saw the thick-pelted bear in the clearing, picking berries and clawing his mark into the trees. But our eyes were truly filled with wonder at the sight of all the lakes sparkling near and far and reed beds that edge them. The countless flocks of birds that populate the ponds and waterways. Yeah, you are blessed with all abundance, you people of the Black-Pearl.” Most people thought the speech, so full of praises, signaled that Tascar wanted some favors in the right quarters. Ushi gave Chaiko a significant look and then winked at him.
Rowan now stood; being only a sub leader he kept his speech short, accepting gratefully his host’s promised generosity in the name of Tobu and all his people.
Baer clambered to his feet, and to everybody’s surprise, satisfied himself with the shortest of speeches. “We, who live on the edge of clan lands, know and value the hospitality of brother clans. We thank you therefore for your welcome and you shall find all of us of Standing-Rock most willing participants in all the celebrations.”
Corrigan pulled his mouth into a straight line of disapproval, but then he quickly hid his thoughts: a strange speech that did not give either credit or praise to the host. “Welcome,” he said again as he rose and the mouthpiece thundered “Welcome,” right into his master’s ears. “You have my leave to enjoy yourselves,” the great man said and dismissed the assembly. His procession withdrew to a lukewarm spattering of applause. Corrigan could console himself that though he was less than popular, so much more was he feared and obeyed. Who would risk challenging the most powerful man of the clans, the Head-Shaman of the Council of Shamans? Who would dare?
The crowd, thus released, soon melted away, certainly much more quickly than it had formed into the assemblage. It flowed into camp and beyond, freely mingling and discoursing. Chaiko soon found himself separated from friends and kin as people gawked and pointed him out to each other: “He is the one; full of magic it is said; the master of the lebow; he can walk through fire unharmed, it is said.” Ushi found him wandering through camp and guided him to the campsite assigned to the clan. Already, they had erected a flar to keep their provisions cool and safe, buried in a hole in its shade.
The odd shape soon attracted attention and people stopped to look and ask what it was. “It is a flar,” Ushi set about explaining to them. “From the land of the Ekulan where they follow the elk.”
The flar gave a focus for the Standing-Rock Clan, just like a fire gave a heart to a cave. Young and old alike could say, “I am camped in the shadow of a flar,” and everybody soon knew where. At a Gathering, finding people was often quite a challenge, so the flar turned out to be an excellent waypoint.
The rest of the day was spent settling into the campsite, discovering where things were laid out for them. Where to obtain water, where to relieve oneself, where to gather firewood. Most of the time it was a matter of looking for somebody in the crowds since family and friends were often very hard to find.
Chaiko soon lost track of Dawn and the kids. He found out later from Lana that Tanya had taken Dawn to introduce to her family. Still later he heard from Ushi who had seen Dawn watching some jugglers on the other side of the camp with Ido there to help with the little ones. Chaiko could not prevail upon Ushi to show him where, as the trader was hurrying on to an assignation with an old conquest he had met up with again. “She’s older for sure. But nicely ripe and rounded. I could never forgive myself for not tasting her charms so willingly offered and I would not be able to stop wondering about her.”
“Search her out afterward,” Chaiko suggested.
But Ushi would have none of that. “Pick the fruit while it is ripe in the time of its ripening. Do not hesitate, for tomorrow the opportunity could be gone and you would be left only with the sour taste of regret for passing up the chance.” And with that wisdom, he was gone.
The rest of Chaiko’s time passed like that, looking for people he had lost. Baer was gone too, as were most of the Standing-Rock Clan. Losing his people was highly disconcerting for Chaiko, who, like all of his clan, was so used to living within sight of one another, day in and day out. He thought how the brook joined a river, and then flowed into a lake, at each joining losing its individuality. Looking at the multitudes, meandering around constantly, he felt like the brook that could not find itself in the waters of the lake.
Finally he merged into the moving throng, finding this and that to look at. There was no one he knew, but plenty of strangers who were not aware of who he was. Free of the weight of peoples’ expectations, he started to feel like a kid again. His face lost its perpetually intense expression and lit up with curiosity. Everywhere people drifted by, paused, conversed and argued with one another. The sound of voices and laughter filled every corner of the camp. Little clusters formed as people were held for a moment by some novelty, then drifted on.
Chaiko saw a young man who had a fox kit on a string and was showing the animal to everyone. He said he found it in the forest, lost and motherless and adopted it. The fox seemed genuinely fond of the man, rubbing against his legs constantly and would come running every time the man clicked his tongue. The crowd marveled at this oddity, though most disapproved.
“Animals do not belong in camp,” a large woman said scandalized, then shuddered with revulsion when the fox licked the man’s cheek.
“He is looking for food,” he explained, and reached into his furs to take out a piece of dried meat which he put into his mouth to chew. When the meat was somewhat soft, he let the piece hang from his lips and on cue the fox extended itself and delicately took the meat right out of the man’s mouth.
“Uhhjj,” the woman exclaimed and nearly fainted.
An older man started berating him for bringing vermin into the camp and looked ready to club the small creature. The young man grabbed the animal, hid it in the folds of his wrap and scurried off to find a more sympathetic crowd. The curious wandered off, most shaking their heads, not sure of what to think of the display.
Chaiko came upon someone who had a sizeable collection of stones and crystals spread out on a hide and offered to trade with anyone. He had some colorful geodes, smooth faced stones, and even a piece of obsidian. There were also some bright green, yellow and blue rocks which he carefully guarded, because kids sometimes “forgot” to give these items back. Chaiko reminded himself to tell Lana for she too had a passion for “pretty rocks.”
By one of the huts a Black-Pearl woman with a smiling face, flush with generosity as host, pressed a seed cake into his hand. It was tasty and he munched gratefully on it, but immediately forgot all the hunger that the mouthful awoke, distracted by all the goings-on.
At the edge of camp he found a group of men and boys practicing with Falcons, shooting at targets. They talked animatedly about a contest that was going to be organized sometime later on and bragged about their prowess. Intrigued, Chaiko paused to watch. A few had feathers attached to the talons which Chaiko could see helped to stabilize the flight.
“Can you use a l’bow?” a man with one eye beside him asked.
“L’bow?” Chaiko asked. “Yes, I think so. It seems easy enough.”
“Hey Chou,” the man called cheerfully, “lend this man your weapon. He thinks he can use it. Well, let him prove it.”
A round faced man came over and pressed a Falcon into Chaiko’s hands. “Go to it, lad,” he said not unkindly. The others collected about, interested in a bit of fun.
Chaiko felt the weapon. It was of fine quality, made of white-ash, perhaps a little lighter than the ones he made. He looked at all the faces and pretended, “Now let’s see, you hold it like this, fit this stick-thing to it just like this, pull back, right?” and as he spoke he matched his words with action, then release. The talon flew but missed the target by a wide margin. Still Chaiko pretended, “I do not understand, I had the target in full view.”
The rest of them vied with each other to instruct him and he nodded his head seriously at all their helpful hints. The next shot came close enough to the target to evoke delight from all of them. The third shot actually grazed the target. They clapped him on the back and told him he was a good pupil. His next shot missed, as did the next but they were all quick to encourage him.
Finally he gave the Falcon back to its owner and allowed that it was a fine, smart weapon and wanted to know who invented such a thing.
“Corrigan Lebow,” said one but the others booed him down.
“It was some Master of Magic, from the west I think,” others hazarded.
“Well in your hand it certainly is a weapon,” Chaiko praised. “I fear in mine it is just a piece of wood.”
The one eyed man was quick to reassure him, “Never you mind, before you know it you will shoot like the best of them. I wish I had two eyes to improve my aim.”
Chaiko thanked him and moved on before they could discover his true identity. He had wrapped a soft hide about his middle letting it hang almost to the ground to hide his wooden leg, but knew he could not hide it for long. He let a stream of people carry him along, pausing here, looking there, gawking with the rest.
Growing tired of just walking without a purpose, Chaiko sat down on a rock to rest and lifted his face to the sun, enjoying the caressing warmth of its rays. He sighed; he had not felt this relaxed for a long, long time. Before he knew it, other people sat down as well, and soon a sizeable group collected, some looking around expectantly for something to happen. A passer-by addressed Chaiko’s neighbor, “Tandar, what are you doing here?” The other looked a little surprised but said evenly, “Waiting I guess, but don’t ask me for what, I could not tell you.” Then he leaned over to Chaiko and asked, “What are you waiting for?”
Without hesitation he replied, “I am waiting for the singers and the dancers to come. I heard Killebrew women will perform soon and I did not want to miss it. They have such a good reputation.” This statement caused a bit of excitement, for the Killebrew women indeed had the best reputation as dancers. “In fact I will go and see what could be keeping them,” Chaiko offered helpfully as he rose. Before he disappeared among the huts he looked back to see the sizeable crowd growing even more at the expectation of such a performance. He laughed silently to himself; he had acted on an impish impulse which had just slid out of him.
It was near evening when he returned to his campsite to be accosted by his mate with, “Where have you been all day?” Dawn was uncharacteristically short with him, her nerves frazzled by the constant goings on and the unending demands of her children. Unceremoniously plopping the twins into his arms, she muttered, “Here, you take care of them.” Luckily Yael had become so tired from their adventures that he instantly fell asleep. Dawn herself lay down on the furs and stared up at the darkening sky. She, too, was soon asleep, her bosom heaving lightly, her muscles finally relaxing. Watching her face, Chaiko smiled. It had been a busy day for her. In the curiosity of the others, she was once more aware that she was not born of clan. Now she also had her sister, Fire-Dancer to shield from the intrusive interest they aroused.
After a while, he snuggled the children into bed, carefully covering them. In the darkness people were stumbling back, and several times Chaiko had to hiss a warning at a person coming too close, threatening to step on them. The moon rose, with a pale halo around its half size, promising a cold night.
*****
Chaiko awoke into a stiff, cold dawn just as the grey was taking command of the sky. For an instant he was surprised to be out in the open, then he remembered where he was, camping at the Gathering held in the homeland of the Black-Pearl.
It was unusually cold for a summer morning, and his face felt stiff with dew plastering down his hair. He grimaced, the muscles of his face resisting, almost to the point of pain. Briefly, stars were visible then they too dissolved in the rising light. A few birds stirred, complaining about the damp and the cold.
Awkwardly, Chaiko got to his feet, wrapped his furs tightly about himself and went behind a screen of bushes to relieve himself in a spot prepared for that purpose. The smell of urine was already so strong about the place that he wondered what it was going to be like over the coming days with even more people yet to come. He then trailed back, shivering from the cold dew on the grass.
People were stirring, yawning and stretching. One hardy soul, the bite in the air notwithstanding, poured a skinful of water over his naked upper torso. Chaiko shivered at the sight of him. Back at the clan’s campsite, Nebu was struggling to light a fire with dew-soaked reeds. She blew into the smoldering heart of it, but could not coax a flame to take hold. It was too cold and wet even for the fire.
Chaiko checked on his sleeping family. They were still quiet in the warmth of the furs. He peered into Dawn’s face, realizing that he had not looked at her so closely in a while. Her countenance was relaxed, smooth, free of any expression, almost childlike. It reminded him of when they first met and he was filled with a sweet longing. Now they had three children! Time was passing; soon he would wake up an old man. He pushed the moody thought from him. He considered crawling under the covers again, but decided not to relive the shock of rising in the cold dawn. Instead, he went for a brisk walk, clutching his coverings tightly to him.
People were wandering about already, a little lost without their routines. Coming back, he found a man standing at the campsite, gazing open-mouthed at the flar.
“What is that thing?” the man asked.
“A flar,” Chaiko answered with the word Dawn first used to describe the contraption and explained, “Skin on sticks.”
“Skin on sticks? Whatever for?”
“To shelter oneself. Easy to pack, easy to carry and erect... wherever.”
“What clan are you?” the man asked suspiciously.
“Standing-Rock,” Chaiko offered, as the man’s eyes flashed in some recognition.
“Ah, the ones that fought the Tolermexs?”
“Yes, we fought the Tolmecs,” Chaiko affirmed.
“And your shaman grew new legs?”
“No. He carved a leg out of wood.”
“He fashioned l’bow from music?” the man persisted.
“Lebow?” Chaiko was momentarily taken aback, again reminded how Corrigan Lebow had appropriated the name to garner the glory for himself. “We call it Falcon for its deadly accuracy. And it too is made of wood.”
More people were getting up now. Stow, Crow and Ela were stumbling around. Then Tusk rose and flexed his muscles and limbs.
“Ah that must be the man. Their shaman,” the man said, watching with avid curiosity. Chaiko had to smile at that conclusion and supposed that Tusk’s size matched the reputation the stories inspired about the shaman of the Standing-Rock Clan.
“Actually, he is the Chief-Hunter,” Chaiko said, keeping the smile out of his voice. Then noting the disappointment on the man’s face, he quickly added, “The shaman is much taller.”
“Yes no doubt. It is said he’s a Master of Magic,” the man tried once again.
“Yes, he is certainly full of tricks,” Chaiko allowed. There was not going to be any way of fighting a reputation, he realized. The man wandered off, to find something else to gawk it.
Chaiko returned to his sleeping place and found Dawn nursing Sun. The boy, in spite of his tender age, insisted on being fed first. His parents could not figure out how he knew but the baby definitely did and put up a huge fuss when he was not first. He sucked greedily at her breast and Dawn had to forcibly peel him off to save some nourishment for his sister Moon.
Dawn looked up at Chaiko and smiled, her expression faintly apologetic for her abruptness with him the night before. It was not characteristic of her to be nagging or confrontational in their private life; she always strove to be a dutiful and pleasing mate. Chaiko smiled back at her, acknowledging that yesterday had been exhausting for her. He then grabbed Yael who was trying to escape, not at all intimidated by the wetness of the dew. Beside them, Fire-Dancer rose and Hollow-Tree blinked somewhat reluctantly into the world. Wild-of-Wind looked around with the same eagerness as Yael and the two seemed to be exchanging signals. But Chaiko kept a firm hold on his son.
Yesterday, all of the Ekulan—Dawn, Fire-Dancer, Hollow-Tree and Wild-of-Wind — excited a great deal of curiosity wherever they went. Complete strangers accosted them sometimes, asking the most inane questions imaginable. “Is it true that you people eat only vegetables...?” or “Is it true that a man can have more than one mate among your people?” Of course they were disappointed that the answers did not conform to their expectations.
Tara, as the only example of the notorious Tolmecs, drew even greater attention. But in her case at least, it was easy to see that she was indeed different and exotic. For one thing, she carried weapons about openly and walked like a man, not at all deferring to the males as good breeding and manners required a woman to do. People saw that she treated both men and women with respect, but as equals. Many women saw her as haughty, and the men saw her as not feminine enough, yet were also strangely excited by her provocative demeanor. There were already rumors circulating that she was inviting some form of censure. Would it be from one of the Council members, or Societies? There were certainly any number of these, the Society of Mothers among others, influential in their own right, who were certainly predisposed to take issue with such impudent behavior. The Daughters of the Moon and the Children of the Pregnant Fox were also likely to take offence at such behavior. Not to mention the Sisters of the She-Turtle.
There was also a rumor about another stranger, not clan, somewhere from the south among the Dorgay, but no one had actually seen him yet.
Near midday news spread quickly through the camp that the Makeyes were about to arrive. So as not to repeat the fiasco of the day before, no formal assembly was convoked. This created a rush to that side of the camp as people pushed and jostled each other to get a good view of the approaching clan.
Chaiko once again found himself separated from kin and clan by the press of people all seeking a better vantage point. He ended up standing next to a grizzled older man who was whining that he could not see for all the tall people that forced themselves to the front. He looked at Chaiko and asked less than politely, “Who are you?”
“I am Chaiko of the Standing-Rock Clan.”
The man blinked, dredging his memory but it did not appear to have enlightened him. “I am an Omaani myself and do not know much of what goes on this side of the world.”
“I did not know the Omaanis had arrived,” Chaiko commented, thinking of Ushi and how glad he would be to have his kin and clan arriving.
“Omaanis have not. I came with the Turbolds. My daughter mated into that clan and I was visiting her when they all just got up to come here.” Then something must have finally bubbled to the surface of his thoughts for he stammered, “You are... from that cl-clan... that... that had a set to... with some strange...wild people...” The brief illumination seemed to fade with that.
Chaiko nodded encouragingly. “Yes. We fought with the Tolmecs. But it did not come to a full fight, for we kind of settled it.” Then he stopped as the man’s interest seemed to have fizzled out. Chaiko was still enjoying his anonymity in the crowd; no one seemed to have recognized him and subsequently he felt carefree, unencumbered by his duties as shaman. He also had a vague sense how much his office burdened him with care and responsibility.
A stir went through the crowd like wind through grass. “They are coming.” This unleashed a fresh push and shove among the closely packed multitude.
From further to the front came the welcoming chant, “Ma, Ma, Ma, Makeye — Makay. Welcome,” over and over again. The sound swelled as more of the crowd joined in and began to sway to the rhythm. Not a few among the onlookers were waving reeds in greeting. The Makeyes were striking sticks together to make a rhythmic reply of their own as their procession wound through the narrow venue left to them by the spectators. A few Black-Pearl stables tried to push the crowd back, “Make way, yield,” but to little avail. The excitement of the new arrivals infected the crowd with a fever pitch of anticipation. A bevy of boys ran ahead, proclaiming “The Makeyes have arrived! The Makeyes are here!”
Those that were still not in attendance now came running to see and to experience yet another arrival. Thus, cheered on by onlookers, the clans converged for their Gathering, and the hilltop settlement of the Black-Pearl absorbed them all.

Chapter 4
During the night two more clans arrived in a torchlight procession. They had been anxious about missing any of the festivities, so they pushed through the darkness. One was the Omaani, the other some obscure clan from the south, hardly more than a family.
At daybreak several more clans converged from all directions, having marched throughout the night in the pale light of a half moon. From the hilltop the whole plain appeared to be in motion as all the world seemed to be coming here.
Runners could be seen approaching in the distance, at times racing one another for the honor of announcing their imminent arrival ahead of the others. Of course this inspired a flurry of betting among the watchers. “Two skins on the one who is ahead. Must be a Sharong, I tell you!” someone yelled, carried away by the excitement.
“The Sharong will be here by noon,” a breathless runner proclaimed, laboring up the hill. A pack of kids followed him, yelling, “Sharong, Sharong…”
“The clan of Pelican-Sands is just over the hill,” croaked another runner, holding onto his aching sides.
“Welcome, welcome,” came the glad shouts from all sides and a swelling of sound followed the runners into the settlement.
Contrary rumors flew in camp as to who had already gotten there, and who was yet to come. All day people kept coming, as it seemed that the rest of the clans arrived in a continuous stream of people, all mixed together, already celebrating. One man was seen entering repeatedly, waving to the crowd, each time greeting friends and acquaintances. It seemed he so enjoyed the experience that he indulged in it over and over again. Nobody minded, why would they? This was a time for fun and enjoyment.
The camp was full to bursting. The stables were busy assigning places to the new arrivals on the near fields. Time and time again they had to drive people off the close to keep the central space open for the Gathering. Corrigan Lebow stayed away, waiting until all had arrived to show himself in a grand entrance. Stables were everywhere, self-important little people freely using his name to push the clans around and demand compliance. It was lucky that everyone was in such a good mood that they allowed themselves to be so bullied.
Everywhere people were gaping at the crowds they were part of, at the blur of faces in the confusing flow, trying to spot a relative, a friend or an acquaintance. Occasionally, they did find each other and greeted one another with great noisy enthusiasm. The stream would pause and back up for a brief moment, then would meander such encounters. But that was what a Gathering was all about! The clans celebrated being one, renewing their identity.
This seeking among the multitudes led to interesting meetings at times. Individuals would search each other with questioning looks, “Do I know you?” On occasion, perfect strangers greeted one another as long lost friends, misled by a spark of recognition, tricked by a twitch of expression, all the while trying to remember who the other might be. Still, they went through the motions, pounding on one another, rejoicing at being so reunited.
Chaiko fell victim to such a run-in. A young man about his age, accosted him in the press, laughed in his face, and evinced all indications of some prior meeting of significance. He grabbed Chaiko’s shoulders and shook him vigorously. Chaiko had no idea who the youth was.
The other pulled back, disappointment flooding his face. “You don’t remember me, do you?” with a hint of reproach in his voice.
“Not exactly,” Chaiko admitted, but then lied to cover the other’s hurt, “But you do look somewhat familiar.”
“I am Run-in-Fox. Some years ago you and I played badger-tug. I should have won but did not.” A weak memory stirred. Badger-tug was a game between two contestants joined by a cord held only with the teeth. The hands were tied behind the backs and the object was to shake the other loose from the cord. The name came from the fact that people tended to growl at each other, as bad-tempered badgers were wont to do. Chaiko did win such a contest, but that would have been eight years ago! “So you were the one?” he asked, still hesitant.
“Yup. I have not lost a contest since,” Run-in-Fox claimed happily. “How are you? Chaiko, was it not? What clan are you?” The questions gushed out of him.
“Yes, I am, of the Standing-Rock Clan,” he admitted, smiling.
“Oh,” the other’s face fell, closing off, “you are that Chaiko!” He suddenly realized that they were mismatched. The other was a renowned shaman with responsibilities for a whole clan while he, he was just a carefree... Hunter. Right away Chaiko hurried to gloss over their difference with a bright smile. “Now I remember you. After the tug, you and I shared candied pig knuckles and you went off with a red-haired girl?”
“My mate... now,” Run-in-Fox brightened again, “and we have a fine son too.”
“Me too,” Chaiko responded. “We have grown into seasoned men.”
“Everyone has heard of you,” the young man declared, his eyes measuring the distance between their status, taking a step back.
“People talk,” Chaiko said, belittling himself, trying to reclaim the camaraderie the other had shown. But the gap in status was too wide for Run-in-Fox to overlook. A little regretfully Chaiko let the other go, but he was haunted by the strange flashback to the child he was then. There was that gap too... carved out by a River of Rocks.
In the brightness of the afternoon Pelican-Sands arrived. A long procession wound its way through the huts, celebrating. Each person waved a branch or some greenery and was singing lustfully.
“We have come and we are here
 So step aside and let us near
 The sunshine and the sky is clear
 The Pelican Sands is finally here.”

The people roared their welcome and with an age-old chant replied, “Nothing as bright —Nothing so right — As the Pelican Sand in sight.” A wave of sound followed them. Suddenly a piercing cry cut through the noise as a woman dashed into the parade and threw herself into the arms of another. The whole procession paused around them.
“Sisters,” an old woman beside Chaiko explained. “It is sad when sisters are split up and mated into different clans.” Chaiko agreed whole heartedly with that. His mother had to leave her clan to come to Standing-Rock. It reminded him of his intention to look around for some relatives. But how to find any in such a crowd?
The proud procession of Pelican-Sands moved on, engulfing the sisters, absorbing all greetings and adulation. They worked harder than most on their reputation for being fun-loving and people could be assured that with their presence, fun was indeed at hand. “Be more pelican,” was often voiced around the clans to incite someone to more adventure and play. Of course at Pelican-Sands the expression went something like, “Let not the sun shine and you not appreciate it...” Of course only a Pelican-Sands could tell all that went into making them the very prototype of enjoyment.
A fresh stir went through the crowd. “That is Okari!” People pointed out the large man who had at one time held five men on his shoulders and walked with them on top. Less well known was his exploit of swimming across a wide river in midwinter, pushing through ice in the frigid water. Must have been some years ago, Chaiko thought, looking at the man, noting the wear and tear of age and hard living. But the man’s reputation was still intact. Okari smiled and waved back.
Chaiko was soon overwhelmed by all the sights and sounds of the Gathering. The impressions crowded each other, and he felt driven to sort them into something meaningful. He withdrew and hid inside the flar for a little peace and quiet. That was where Dawn later found him, snoring. She poked him with a foot, stirring him awake. Food was to be served soon.
“You missed the entry of the Sarong,” she told him conversationally.
“The Sharong,” he corrected absently, then grabbed Yael who was trying to crawl past him. The boy was noticeably heavier again. “Where did you go?” he asked his mate.
“Oh, everywhere,” she said. “I have to show Fire-Dancer all things clan and explain them to her. I had not realized before the many odd things that the clans do and say.” She frowned fetchingly, her blue eyes sparkling at him. “I could have used your help in that.”
“I got lost. I turned to watch some argument and when I looked around, you and the children were gone. I wandered around looking for you.”
“And found me in the flar no doubt,” she said in a mild tone.
“I got tired of all the comings and goings, the arriving, the greetings, the noise,” he said defensively. She nodded, accepting. As good as he was when alone, he became noticeably distracted in a crowd. She knew how he wanted to hold onto everything he saw and heard.
The day drew to a close. Everyone was tired of the excitement and singly and in groups, returned to their camps, collapsing gratefully on their places. There was a half-hearted attempt to share things, but everyone was too tired to care. The camp settled down into a restless night, overwrought by all the events.
Chaiko woke up with a feeling of well being he had not experienced of late. The constant excitement of the last few days had wound him up to such an extent that he had found it impossible to settle down. When he kept colliding with Dawn who was equally restless, he patted her reassuringly to calm her and she patted him back. The next thing he knew they were embracing and clutching at each other. He was kissing her and she was kissing back hungrily. Then he was on top of her and she was anxious to yield to his demands. His wanting grew and the rhythm of their need for one another took command, seeking release. Then nothing else mattered other than the steep climb of feelings, each layered on the last, building in intensity toward an explosion. He sensed that she was not yet ready and tried to hold back, tried to dam up the sensations, but the more he tried the more the pressure was amplified. He groaned with the effort and she answered him, hurrying to catch up. Then suddenly all sensations discharged vehemently as the tension suddenly imploded. His muscles relaxed and he sagged into her just as she, like a shadow following him, also imploded.
This had not been their usual tender encounter. It was more violent, seeking relief from all of the accumulated tensions of the last days feeding into it. After that they had no more trouble sleeping and both awoke to a contented mood, refreshed and energized. He smiled at her and she smiled back, each gratefully awash in tenderness.
Fire-Dancer, immediately sensing the change, looked from one to the other and hid a secret smile. She cast a quick look at her mate, but Hollow-Tree was stretching, coming to some reluctant terms with the day. He tended to be sluggish in the mornings. “Oh well,” Fire-Dancer sighed, letting the yearning go, “It will have to wait.” Still, she had gained a little joy in the thought of her sister’s pleasure.
Dawn passed around some food which they wolfed down to be ready for the day. Already people were dispersing, in search of more excitement. Baer came and quickly sat down by Chaiko. “Have you been invited by the Council of Shamans?”
“No, not yet,” Chaiko replied, unsure of the protocol.
“They have been meeting already. Go search out Tomakon of the Makeyes. Perhaps he can introduce you. I am off to the Counsel of Leaders myself then to some various societies I am a member of.” He was arranging his bear-claw necklace for this was the time to display any badge of honor and prestige. “Stay out of the societies if you can. Now that you have some status they will all be after you. You can join the Brothers of the Spear; they are a hunting society and almost everyone belongs to it. There is some talk of forming a new Society of L’Bow, it would be a hoot to belong to it. But before you join anything try to find out what they stand for, otherwise you will find yourself in the middle of more nonsense than a body can stand.” He rose, arranged his coverings and hurried away to a meeting.
Ushi, who had heard the last few words, attested, “He’s right. I belong to more groups than I can remember. Brothers of the Spear; the Fellowship of the Moose; Sons of the Wind, that is for travelers and traders; the Circle of Grey Owl, good for people who enjoy arguing and disputing; the Falling-Star league, some mysterious group... I have no idea what they stand for even after belonging to it for years. A friend of mine got me into it. Let’s see, there are even more. I still attend the Meeting of the Boar, and only yesterday saw the headman of the Ancient-Oak, so I suppose I must go to them as well and wave the sacred bough.” He scratched his head, sure that there were more, struggling to remember them. “Oh yes, stay away from the Hide of Ox. All they do is sit in a circle, bellowing at each other, trying to invoke the spirit of some sacred Ox. All I got out of them was a sore throat and a headache.” Then he too rose and was off to visit his relatives or some former sweetheart; he was vague about which.
A delegation of women chosen from some of their societies bypassed the Counsel to petition Corrigan directly that they be allowed to set up a meeting for women only, where women’s issues could be discussed. “Issues?” the great man responded, “women have issues?” Nevertheless, thinking to place them under obligation to him, Corrigan allowed their meeting but on a reduced scale. The women had to be satisfied with that. Privately Corrigan maintained, “The business of women is to take care of their men and then the children. Women might have concerns perhaps, but issues?” His words leaked out and was passed from mouth to mouth.
A society of weavers called Knots-and-Strings also requested Corrigan that they be given a new site as their present location was too close to the conveniences and the smell of it gave the women headaches. As a result their displays and demonstration were poorly attended. “Ladies, I would like to help you, but how can I? All available places have already been assigned and allocated. Surely you do not place your craft above flint-shaping or making of weapons?” Their request was turned down. However, soon after, Knots-and-Strings shared a venue with Baskets-Full at a more favored spot.

People were going every which way, it seemed. Tanya had invited Dawn and Fire-Dancer to go to a meeting of the Sisters of the Moon. All societies were actively recruiting, and even a headwoman’s prestige depended on how many new members she could boast. Chaiko volunteered to hold onto Yael, while Dawn took the twins as it was not a good policy to separate the infants from the source of their nourishment. So off they went, in an excited flurry of giggles and anticipation. Chandar invited Hollow-Tree to be presented to his family at Lesser-Bear-Claw camp in the hope of deflecting some of the attention away from Tara, who was beginning to chafe under all the speculative looks she was attracting. So Chaiko soon found himself alone with his son. “Gathering,” he grumbled to himself aware of the irony.
Because Yael was so restless, Chaiko invited Yael to charge him, which he did with enthusiasm and more power than his size suggested. He would collide with his father and the two would then collapse into a heap. Yael laughed, his cheeks soon rosy from all the fun. Not surprisingly, it was Chaiko who tired of the game first. He then tried tossing Yael into the air and catching him, to his great delight. Again it was Chaiko who first grew tired of the activity. Then he threw a piece of skin over him and let him struggle with it. Chaiko was finding it more difficult to keep his son occupied and he was curious how Dawn managed, day in and day out.
People wandered by, looked curiously at them, but did not break into their solitary play. Finally, all the activity had its affect and Yael quieted down, his cheeks aglow; his eyes grew heavy lidded and he fell asleep. Chaiko, too, slumbered, seated as he was in the sunshine. A voice of someone passing by in idle conversation would briefly rouse him but then he would soon succumb again. He dared not lie down for fear that Yael would wake up and, finding him sleeping, could easily wander off by himself.
It was Otter-Cry, the wizened shaman of the Lesser-Bear-Claw, who shook him awake. Yawning, he looked inquisitively at the man.
“Come, I will introduce you to the Sitting,” he said, meaning the Council of Shamans.
“I can’t,” Chaiko replied; “there is no one here to watch my son.”
The man blinked, seemingly surprised that no one else was around, then said tersely, “Well then bring him along.”
So it came about that Chaiko, with a sleepy son in arms, went to join the shamans who were meeting in a small grove of gnarled trees. Perhaps it was not surprising that they were mostly old men, with a few like Corrigan of middle age. The Head-Shaman, however, was not in attendance. In their presence, Chaiko’s youth felt wildly out of place with a baby in his arms, in front of all these grandfathers who even had grandchildren older than Yael.
The shamans looked at him intently, measuring him, scarcely believing that all the stories they had heard could be from such an unimposing a person as he appeared to be. Chaiko shifted from foot to foot. Some noted his wooden leg and thought maybe some of the stories could be true. Tomakon called out, “Come sit by me, the inventor of Falcon surely deserves the honor.” Gratefully Chaiko made his way over to him and sat down conscious of the stiffness of his wooden leg. Of course, Yael started struggling anew, but in this company Chaiko kept his son close to him.
“Ah, he has grown since I last saw him,” Tomakon said leaning closer to the boy. Strange things happened to the man’s face when he talked or smiled, dissolving into a confusion of wrinkles. Yael, fascinated by this display, could not take his eyes off Tomakon. “He’s a year older now,” Chaiko replied; “since then we have twins, a boy and a girl.”
Twins caught everyone’s ears; a double blessing, a very rare event. They again looked at the youth who claimed to be a shaman. He could father twins? A few blinked, the rest dozed, a bunch of old men sunning themselves. Chaiko suddenly had a sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach. His position tied him to these men, irrevocably perhaps. He did not like such a future. He thought perhaps Baer fared better; leaders tended to be younger and more energetic. How could he find fellowship with such a collection of ossified old men? Now he could understand how Corrigan could so easily raise himself to power. In contrast to these men, he was full of drive, energy and ambition.
“Except for a few stragglers the clans are all here and we soon expect the ceremonies to begin. The horns will call the meeting, maybe by this afternoon. It is hard to guess what Corrigan has in mind,” Tomakon informed his younger companion. “Anyway, don’t let him shake you, you have a right to sit among us and don’t need his blessing to make it official, though no doubt he will try to tell you that his patronage is mandatory. That’s his way. Always looking for some leverage.”
Chaiko merely nodded. He well remembered haggling with Corrigan, hour after hour. Chaiko had given a little, but not all the man wanted in spite of all the persuasions, threats and even blackmail. Yes, the Head-Shaman of all the clans had an ego to match his ambitions.
“Not like Bogan,” Tomakon broke in, surprising Chaiko who was thinking the very same thing.
“Tell me about Bogan,” Chaiko asked one who had been friends with the great shaman.
“What is there to tell that has not already been told many times?” Tomakon replied tiredly, strangely reticent for a person whose reputation was based mostly on the fact that he had been a friend of Bogan. “He was a great man, but every time I try to explain him to people I just make him smaller.” He shook his head apologetically.
Tomakon then tried to introduce the others: Kaladar, Cebu, Tashikey... but in his anxiety to remember Chaiko quickly lost track of the names. Finally he hung onto the last one only, Gamay of Pelican-Sands.
“Is there a formal ceremony to join the Council?” he asked.
“We have never used one before, so I do not think there will be one now. Unless Corrigan wants one for show. It’s enough that none of us challenges your right.” Then he looked at the younger man. “No person in their right mind would want this job, and the constant headache and worry that goes with it. For what? For the dubious honor of being old and wise?” Tomakon swallowed, trying to change the tone of his words. “It was not always like this. In the days of Bogan we were all infused, aglow with the fire he built in us. In those days we enjoyed respect, for we earned it. Today we exist mostly because people fear to live without us, but I tell you...” and he waved his hand dismissingly. He then lapsed into silence, seemingly asleep like the rest.
When Yael started struggling again fitfully, Chaiko rose and excused himself, giving every sign of respect as he took his leave. He was confused by a mixture of feelings. He had been looking forward to this day a long time but was disappointed at what he found, a moldy collection of old men, with not even a sparkle among them. Samar in his most absent mood had more life in him than these. How was he going to sit here with nothing to keep him awake? He had been struggling to keep from yawning the whole time and would become as old as them in no time. “Patience,” he told himself. “Have the patience of a stone.”
Back at the campsite he found that the women had returned and gratefully, he let Yael loose among them. Dawn was all excited, as she had been accepted by the Sisters of the Moon who had listened to her respectfully and with interest as she told them about her previous life among the Ekulan. It seemed that she had been introduced to the path to social success and was taking the first steps. Chaiko wished he had the same enthusiasm to share with her, but his meeting had been anything but that. Fire-Dancer noticed his despondent mood that her sister in her present state had overlooked, and offered him some sweet cakes to take his mind off whatever was bothering him. He smiled at her wanly, trying to enjoy the cake and respond with some glimmer to his mate’s effervescence. It was uncharacteristic of Dawn to react so strongly, but all the excitement had stirred her up, and their lovemaking last night had stripped away some of her inhibitions. As a result she was more spontaneous than Chaiko had seen her for some time. What he did not know was that the sisters had talked at length about parents and families and both had promised not to become the dried up prune their mother turned out to be, unable to take pleasure in anything. After a while Dawn’s excitement warmed even Chaiko up and after pretending at first, he started to enjoy himself again.
In the afternoon a ram-horn sounded in the distance. Heads lifted in surprise and people looked at one another, hearts suddenly racing, all conversations ceasing. The horn was calling them to the Gathering! The horn persisted as a haunting sound, almost mournful, floating over the camp and beyond. Suddenly an echo answered from afar with fresh enthusiasm, then another and another as the clans one by one answered with a summons of their own. From near and far, the air was filled with their calls, the tones sometimes fighting with one another, sometimes strengthening the waves of sound.
People dropped whatever they were doing, drew together into excited clusters and started drifting toward the central meeting place on the close defined by the circle of huts. At the Standing-Rock camp, Stow blew on the mountain sheep horn with great vigor. His face soon turned red with the effort, the sound wobbling as he ran out of breath. As the clan began to move, Kray took over and blew with fresh energy. The horns blared in reply from all over the camp, broadcasting the summons again and again.
Chaiko grabbed up Yael and started to shepherd the rest toward the main camp. Fire-Dancer looked a little apprehensive, for it seemed to her as if suddenly the whole world was moving—which it was. Nearby Tanya was issuing instructions. Take this, don’t take that. Makar was aglow, Ido barely able to hold him back. Crow came with Lana, and took Yael from Chaiko. Dawn, with one twin on her hip, hurried up to Chaiko. In her free hand she held out a new feather cape she had hidden just for this occasion. Her face glowed with the pleasure of his surprise. Chaiko was touched, put the cape on and preened to increase her joy; people turned to look for the new outfit was very eye catching.
From all over the camp people hurried, drifting like a tide through the huts into the close. Already the place was filling up quickly. A phalanx of stables tried to keep order, moving people about, trying to fit each new group in.
The horns still blared, proclaiming the coming convocation, vying with one another for breath and sound. The noise crescendoed as people tried to talk over the uproar. Restlessly the crowd shifted this way and that as the stables attempted yet to straighten lines and keep people in their assigned spots.
The flood of humanity slowed to a trickle of stragglers rushing up, then ceased. It appeared that everybody was present. The horns stopped for a moment causing a sudden eerie silence which transfixed the multitude. A baby cried out, dispelling the strange pause. People whispered, then talked as the sound grew once more.
The horns blew again, one by one joining in, growing in volume reinforced by shouts and clapping as the standards of the clan marched in. Led by Sharp-Owl with a stuffed owl mounted on a cross stick on top of a pole, the rest came: a turtle for the Dorgays; a crow for the Killebrews; stones cradled by a weave of rope attached to a pole for the Standing-Rock; and so on. To the cheers of the multitude the standards took their position near the centre of the close.
Everything now seemed ready for this great event to proceed, so impatiently waited for the past four years. But Corrigan Lebow was still not in evidence, the dais prepared for him still empty. People craned their necks; where could the great personage be? A shiver of impatience passed through the crowd with sounds of murmuring. Someone among the Dorgays whistled a child’s rhyme and others caught up the tune and joined in.
Makar improvised as he intoned in half voice:
“Corrigan tarried as all the clans stood
 to await the pleasure of one man
 and to fill the time with wondering
 What importance could be keeping him?”
Laughter greeted the impudent verse and people repeated the words, passing them on. By the time it reached the other side of the assemblage the verse had changed dramatically.
“Corrigan left them all standing,
 to await his good pleasure,
 all wondering where time went
 as time grew long with each measure.”
Someone started cawing loudly like a crow and it quickly caught on with a deafening sound. Then some started waving their arms like birds, something that was not so easily accomplished in the press. Still it was quite a sight as the sea of people moved, arms flapping. The cawing increased in cadence and urgency.
No doubt the outbreak of noise motivated Corrigan to bestir himself and finally appear to a spattering of applause from his loyal Black-Pearl. The other clans joined in with polite reservation. The great man made his way through the crowd. He paused, to prolong the moment of his glory, but the applause became even more desultory that he had to hurry again to outrace the paltry homage. Finally he reached the dais prepared for him, glowering at his attendants. He threw a few words at his mouthpiece, who shouted an undoubtedly pre-scripted speech into the waiting quiet.
“Once again the Black-Pearl welcomes all the clans to this great and noble Gathering. Corrigan Lebow himself bids you all welcome. It is a great honor to so serve the clans.” Then he paused while fresh words were chewed into his mouth. “You have come a long way to take part and we would like to extend to you all our hospitality...”
And on it went, as all of Corrigan speeches tended to do, trying to elevate everything he touched and did to a new level of the superlative. His time-tested method was simple: blow hot air into it long enough and often enough, then repeat it. He had the firm conviction that people actually wanted to hear his words as eagerly as he was giving them. Thus the back and forth between Corrigan and his announcer dragged on heedlessly. The crowd stirred impatiently.
Finally, Corrigan himself stood up for the final words, “I declare this Gathering open for—” The rest was overwhelmed by the upsurge of sound as the crowd took control, refusing to be denied any longer. An onrush of emotions swept the people surging this way and that. The stables could barely clear a path for Corrigan’s hasty retreat.
The horns started up on their own and their blaring momentarily stifled the noise. Then general chanting broke out, and the assembly started to dance in the confined space. Everybody was in motion; hop, step, skip, jump. Women with children sought safety on one side. A line formed as people linked with each other, clasping hands, and snakelike it wove through the crowd. More and more joined into one twisting ribbon that at times broke, went off on its own, then rejoined.
“The clans are all together! All the clans are here! The people are one!” The age old chant grew and reverberated through the crowd. “No one is alone. No one is forgotten. All are here, all belong. For the People are one! Strong together!”
Caught up in the exuberance, Chaiko was blowing on his bone flute Crier-Bird, which emitted a shrill sound that cut through all the rest. People regarded him and his instrument in surprise but the general flow carried them away before they could really investigate. To Chaiko’s great vexation he was separated from the rest of his people. He had seen Dawn and the mothers to safety, but the rest were gone in the tumult of the celebration. Everywhere he looked was filled with strangers, the eyes briefly meeting, then away, lost in the constant motion of the crowd. To a person used to solitude and a quiet inner life, this was almost nauseating. Face after face swam by giving him a sense of vertigo, and at times he had to shut his eyes so he would not fall down in the midst of this commotion.
All the while the chant rose and fell around him. Chaiko felt both at the same time, of being one and yet separate, conscious of the irony of such a testament. The people were indeed one, but he felt lost in the press.
He thought he saw the tall form of Ushi to the side, but could not catch up to him. He thought he heard Ela’s laughter but could not even see her in the crowd. At times he was fooled by a stranger’s voice sounding familiar. Everybody was so damn close! Past Gatherings tended to be more spread out, not compressed into such a small area. Still, everyone was determined to gain something of the experience to take back home to mull over, for the next four years.
Chaiko grew weary of working through the crowd, his disorientation welling up in him. He headed for the huts, thinking to find some respite from the constant movement, compelling him to move on. He flinched as braying laughter erupted near his ear. Passing a hut, he heard a man and woman arguing in a loud exchange.
“I only wanted to look inside to see how it was...” the man defended himself.
But the woman was not so easily placated. “I do not go into your cave and peek under your covers, now do I?”
“I suppose not,” the man allowed reluctantly.
Chaiko then passed out of hearing, heading for the periphery, hoping to find refuge in the copse of trees. He wanted to sit down with his back against a trunk to protect him from being run over by a constant stream of people. He found every tree already occupied, but coming upon a rock he could rest on, he gratefully lowered himself onto it.
A boy just across noticed his wooden leg and his eyes grew big. “You are... that magician... people are talking about... you know… who grew a leg.”
“What of it?” Chaiko asked; he was in no mood to be sociable.
“Well, if you truly are a magician, can you change... me?” the boy about eleven asked eagerly. “Make me bigger. Make me stronger, with lots of muscles.”
“Probably. But if I were to do that and make you new muscles I would need to take meat from someplace else. Should take it from your head and shrink it a little? Or would you be willing to give up a leg like I did?”
The boy shook his head no, such sacrifices were beyond his need for muscles.
“Good,” said Chaiko gaily, “then I will change you back into who you were before.” He pretended to look the boy over critically. The lad quickly examined himself, his hands feeling if he still had all his parts. To his relief, he appeared intact. But then he decided it was too dangerous to be near so powerful a magician and moved on, looking back as he disappeared into the crowd. Chaiko thus had his tree and he snuggled into it, easing his back into the curve of the trunk. He closed his eyes and shut his mind to the commotion around him. This was all a little too much for a quiet man. He thought of his home cave overlooking a green valley with a peaceful river flowing through it. He tried to focus himself, to fight being swept away by this tumult that was the Gathering.
After a brief rest Chaiko found himself on the move again, wandering, driven by a restlessness induced by the Gathering. Everywhere he looked he saw people animated, enjoying themselves. Why then wasn’t he? He sought to take everything in, to see and hear everything but missing most of it. He was just not used to this level of confusion.
Instinctively he sought out the area reserved for mothers and found Dawn and the children. Tanya and Fire-Dancer were there too, keeping a close eye on the little ones. Dawn looked up at him and gave a wan smile. She felt the same unease that she saw in his eyes, and immediately she was concerned for him, forgetting her own trepidation. “What is the matter?” she almost asked, but she knew already. He had forgotten that he was a shaman. She patted the ground beside her, inviting him and when he sat she passed Sun into his arms. “Look at Yael,” she directed, “see how many friends he has found.” Indeed, Yael was impressed by the number of children he saw. Children were always so aware of other children.
Dawn again looked searchingly at her mate. “Nebu needs you,” she said quietly directing his attention outside himself. “This is her first Gathering since she lost Malek.” Then she added for good measure, “Tara needs to be reassured, she feels hemmed in by this crowd, made unsure by all this strangeness...”
Chaiko nodded, “And the more unsure she becomes the more aggressive she turns,” he said, his mind grasping at the thoughts Dawn was offering. “Yes, she will bear watching. How is she doing with Chandar’s family?”
“By all accounts, she has made a good impression on the parents. But then they were relieved to have him settled. Of course, they want him back but he feels more at home among us. And besides Tara would not leave here.” She regarded him seriously. “She has adopted you.” He frowned; a shaman was supposed to keep all things in balance regarding his clan. Tara, Nebu, who else?
For a time Chaiko thought of what it would be like to be just his age, without the duties and obligations of a shaman. Yet, just being himself was such an unfamiliar feeling that he was lost in its strangeness. As Dawn gently reminded him, he was shaman and the needs of others came first. “He who would be a servant to many is servant to none, but is their master,” he reminded himself with a Boganism. “Yet he who would be master must learn to serve first.” Would he ever understand all this? But he was in the right place to find out, with the entire wisdom of the clans gathered here together. He resolved to find out all he could about... everything. He was again a shaman. His eyes looked absently on the children’s play.
The boys were romping around the safe ground between the mothers. Yael, Csama and Wild-of-Wind were pushing at each other, wrestling. They collapsed into heaps of laughter and chortles. “Sota impo,” Wild-of-Wind yelled in Ekulan, “I win.” He could not understand why words had lost their meanings; except for his parents and a few others, no one understood him. “Sota imola.” Fire-Dancer swept him up in her arms and blew kisses at her little victor.
Then everyone’s attention was caught by a line of dancers dressed in masks and costumes, lavishly adorned by feathers of all kinds. They made a most colorful procession as they moved by, jumping, twirling and swaying from side to side as they wove an intricate pattern through the crowd. “The Dorgays!” Everyone craned their necks trying to hold them in sight. Skin-drums beat out a rhythm on the bottom and wooded sticks added crisp staccato bursts of excitement on top. A horn would linger mournfully above with the sharp sounds of reed whistles piercing through it all. An intoxicating mixture of excitement swept the crowd. Both Fire-Dancer and Dawn jumped to their feet, compelled to dance on the spot. In the constricted space they rocked back and forth, hips undulating, feet moved by the rhythm. Everyone was at least waving their arms and swaying back and forth. An older woman, heated by the beat, was jumping up and down excitedly, the beads around her neck bouncing with her. Even Chaiko had to yell or burst.
The dancers wound by once, returned and then continued on and those who could, joined their procession. The whole camp seemed on the move again! Yes, this was the Gathering, when the clans celebrated and shared these moments. Let the leaders meet to decide, let the shamans deliberate, let the societies meet, but let people dance and sing, for if the head was in the leadership and the wisdom in the shamans, then the heart and soul of the clans were in the songs that pulsed like a heartbeat making them one.
Dawn and Fire-Dancer hugged each other laughing, so glad to be a part of such celebration. Strangers they were to the ways of the clans, yet this they could fully understand. They lived in the rhythm and motion was their lives. Even the smallest of children were enthused; Csama was still jumping up and down to the fading sound of drums as the Dorgays moved on.
After that Chaiko led his family back to their campsite to the very visible flar. Others were there already, sharing out an evening meal. Tomorrow representatives from each clan would go hunting to provide fresh meat for the Gathering.
Chaiko was sitting on his furs keeping Yael from getting away while Dawn nursed one of the twins, Yael watching them enviously. Crow came and sat down; Lana dropped onto her knees by Dawn and played with the baby’s cheeks as she worked the nipple. Moon chortled, milk bubbling out of her. Dawn and Lana smiled at each other, sharing the tenderness.
Crow was content just to sit beside his age mate. The two moved in different circles now, but still felt comfortable with each other. They had sat together all their lives like this. Chaiko looked secretly at Lana, wondering if she was pregnant yet.
“I remember the time,” Chaiko mused, “when you and I were trying to outrun the fire gaining on us. I didn’t have the strength to run anymore, but had to… because you wouldn’t leave me. Both of us were going to die in that fire storm. But then I gave you Bogan’s stone and convinced you to save it for the good of the clan and only then did you leave.”
“I remember too well and I’m still haunted by it. You don’t know how hard it was to leave you and let you face the fire alone. Some nights I wake in sweat, still running, pursued by my guilt. Never again, I promised myself. Never again!” As if to distance himself from the trauma Crow threw a pebble and nearly hit Kray, who squawked as the stone went by his nose.
“Yet, here we are,” Chaiko continued. “Both of us mated to women we love. Both of us with reasons to feel content. Blacky, I’m amazed when I think back where I have come from—from a cripple to a shaman. I can say I’m truly happy, and when I look at you and Lana, my heart swells with joy. You and I, we have done better than well.” He gathered up a handful of sand, and like his mentor, Samar, he let it trickle through his fingers. “In light of that I think, we can both let go of the terror of the past. Replace it with the pride we now feel.” He opened up his hand to show the sand all gone, symbolic of the terror and guilt he wanted to let go.
Crow swallowed hard in the backwash of emotions. He was never going to forgive himself for abandoning his friend in need, he had promised back then, but the shaman was right, as he most often was: they had outgrown the memory and were much more than what they had been back then. What hadn’t changed was the friendship they shared. Crow, too, filled his hand with sand and let it trickle through his fingers, feeling much eased.

The rest of the Standing-Rock clan was returning, faces bright with the excitement of all they had experienced, trading anecdotes. Baer and Tanya came back, with Csama asleep. Ela was hopping and skipping around Gill, teasing him with a feather she had plucked from one of the dancers. Nebu’s face was clouded and her eyes darted shyly about, looking for her place in this world. Tara was twirling her stick as she walked while Chandar talked earnestly to her. She wasn’t in a good mood, irritated that she did not know where her sister was. It was one thing for Cora to run around the home cave unsupervised but quite another to wander off alone here among all these people who did not know her. Tara’s mouth pulled into a grim line, and she went off to look for Cora.
Chaiko did a quick headcount, and found only Ushi missing. What was the trader up to? Promoting himself no doubt, under some girl’s wrap. Though the noise of revelry still came from the close, people settled down quickly after such a full, full day.
The night was bright with stars and all the weather signs promised sunshine for the morrow.

Chapter 5
By and large everyone was pleased with how the Gathering was progressing. Most were untouched by whatever conflicts the leadership were dealing with, interested only in the entertainment around them. At Standing-Rock, people were constantly on the go, determined to enjoy the event that happened once in four years. The only exception was Ruba.
Surrounded by all the gaiety and festivities, Ruba was nonetheless profoundly unhappy. He had eyes only for Cora, but had to hide from her disapproval of his watching her every move. He found himself lurking in the shadows or following her around at a distance. His breath stopped if she caught him looking and she frowned. He could not understand why she was rejecting him so totally. He felt that he must have turned ugly to merit such snubs.
Cora on the other hand was extremely content with the Gathering. She found diversions everywhere and had attracted a lot of interest because of her exotic origins. People animated her to talk just to hear her accent. A group of youths followed her about, more than just a little curious. She flashed them a smile, which wounded Ruba all the more because all he got were frowns.
Ruba didn’t know what to do. He was beginning to think that love and pain were one, and it was normal to hurt like this. He would have liked to ask his father for advice, but he was gone and his mother was halfway absent from the real world. He didn’t want to ask the shaman and reveal what he felt were weaknesses. So he suffered in silence, hiding his feelings behind a stone-like expression.
Ork and Sosa, the erstwhile playmates of not so long ago, were well aware of Ruba’s obsession, and enjoyed the pain he was experiencing. Growing up, it had been their task to make Ruba’s life miserable and were ever on the lookout for ways to use this against him. All because Ruba was older, stronger and for years had lorded over them. It was payback time.

In the morning, Chaiko attended the Council of Shamans and sat through the boring proceedings overseen by Corrigan himself. A string of proclamations proceeded from the sitting as the Head-Shaman made his wishes known. Not once was he opposed. Chaiko again sat beside Tomakon, witnessing this autocratic exercise of power. He wished to protest but being the newest member he felt it was not up to him. The others seemed to find nothing untoward in this. Necessary decisions were made and pronounced with a minimum of fuss. All the same, it did not sit well with Chaiko, even though the great man himself had introduced him.
“Meet Chaiko the shaman of the Standing-Rock Clan,” Corrigan had said, “taking his rightful place among us.” There was no bid to welcome him or to list his accomplishments. Corrigan was not in the habit of lauding anyone but himself. It took a while for it to sink in that the few words so casually spoken bestowed on Chaiko the standing he had so long hoped for. He was now officially recognized as shaman of his clan with a right to sit on this august body. Yet, he was suddenly unsure of the council; it seemed nothing more than a token extension of Corrigan himself, there to witness and applaud his deeds and words. Wait and watch, he told himself, and learn. A journey starts at the beginning, not in the middle.
In the afternoon at his brother’s behest he joined the Brothers of the Spear. The Society was glad to have him, as a new society was being formed, the Circle of l’Bow, which was seen as competition attracting some of the younger hunters. All the societies were vying for membership with good-natured rivalry. The Headman put his hand on Chaiko’s head and proclaimed him a member, inviting him to sit among the ranks of Hunters. So it was that for the second time in one day, with a minimum of ceremony, Chaiko was made a member of a body he had so aspired to. There wasn’t one question about his wooden leg or his abilities as a hunter. Then he sat and listened to the most mundane sort of conversation going on all around him. Again he had expected something different, something vastly superior. The journey looks different at the end than at its beginning, he sighed.
To his surprise he found Tomakon there as well. The old man smiled his strange smile of a thousand lines. “I have been a hunter since before you were born,” and he made a gesture of the good hunting sign. He settled beside the younger man, cocked an eye at him and chortled in amusement, “Not what you expected, no doubt?”
“No,” Chaiko admitted but he kept the depth of his disillusionment hidden; instead he asked, “Why are there so many societies?”
“So that everyone can find one to fit his likes or dislikes. It is good to have a society to belong to, to protect its membership. Sometimes even to speak for you... on your behalf if need be. It is daunting for one man to stand alone against the rest.”
“But why so many?”
“That way, no one society will grow too powerful. The rest act as a counterbalance. It was Bogan’s thinking, to even things out among them by encouraging their proliferation. Besides, having many of them gives everyone a chance to participate, not serving just a few. It also creates quite a bit of competition among them for new members, and that makes them inclusive, instead of overly picky and exclusive,” the old man said, then shrugged his shoulders. Bogan cast such a giant shadow over them all, Chaiko thought. Who was this man? Again he asked the one who would know.
“He was just a man,” Tomakon said. “He laughed, enjoyed a good joke, listened as well as he talked, though he talked more than he listened and at times he could be downright boring.” The old man smiled broadly. “I bet you did not expect to hear that about him?” Then the laugh lines smoothed out as the other became serious again. “What made him special was that he never thought of himself first; he always thought of others. There was rarely a question of self-interest.”
“Not like Corrigan then?” Chaiko hazarded.
“Unlike Corrigan in all respects.” Tomakon gave a short guffaw of appreciation at this comparison.
“Why did he not take a mate?”
“I do not know. He was attractive enough and had a personality that drew people to him. And at times he was even in love.” The old man screwed up his face, recalling those days. “He used to say he was mated already, to the clans, in service to them. With all his duties, a family would come up short and he didn’t think that was fair. But that was later in his life, when he felt he had a mission to complete: to unite the clans and forge them into one people, more than ever before. To see themselves as more than just wayward clouds driven by the wind, lost in nature, at the whim of forces much greater than themselves. He used to say that the spirit in man was more powerful than all those things... He was afraid that we would forget who we were. And then forget him...” The words lost themselves in memory.
“How is the spirit of man so powerful? And how is it manifested?” Chaiko seized upon the thread eagerly. This was the very thing he needed to know!
But the other shrugged yet again. “I thought it was just words then. Never really tried to unlock their meaning. But I was young then. Much too young to understand that wisdom could be hidden in so many or so few words...” There was a depth of regret in the old man’s voice.
As he talked Tomakon sorted through a bunch of plants in his lap. He lifted one with a thin stalk, narrow leaves and a small blue flower. His face lit up with delight. “Spirit Seed.” He folded it into his mouth and chewed. Spirit? Chaiko was immediately attentive. “It’s good if you have a thorny problem to solve. Spirit Seed illuminates your mind so you see things in a different light than usual. Hard to explain. It makes you look where you haven’t looked before. Here, try some.” Tomakon reached over a stalk which Chaiko put in his mouth and chewed, not knowing what to expect. It tasted slightly sour but not unpleasant.
“So?” Chaiko asked.
“Wait a bit. You’ll soon feel it.”
But Chaiko felt nothing. He swallowed the pulp and waited. “I feel nothing,” he finally said.
“Ah, but you can feel the nothing, can’t you?”
“What is he talking about?” Chaiko asked himself, but suddenly became aware that the nothing had size, width, depth and weight. And it wasn’t empty! How was that possible? Nothing was nothing, it had no essential qualities, defined by the very absence of them. Yet, he saw it clearly and could almost touch it. The sensation didn’t last long, and the memory of it lost its keen focus.
“What was that?” Chaiko asked.
“Hard to say. By all accounts people experience its effects differently, depending on what they start with. A thoughtful man becomes more thoughtful. A man of action finds extra focus in what he is doing. Women understand things that have eluded them and so on…” Tomakon shrugged his thin shoulders. “You would have to eat more of it to have the effect last. What did you see?”
“I don’t rightly know. I think for an instant I got a glimpse of Bogan as you described him… just a man… but more. Somehow apart… Does that make any sense to you?”
“Maybe. When Bogan was young, his parents had to leave their clan over a bitter disagreement. They joined another clan, but for a long time Bogan didn’t feel a part of it. He became silent, just listening and watching… and thinking about it. Maybe that’s what you sensed.”
Just like me, Chaiko realized with a jolt of astonishment. As a cripple he had been apart and silent and lived mostly in his thoughts. “What did you call the plant?”
“Spirit Seed,” Tomakon said, searching in his lap, but not finding any more. “It likes the sun, so look for it in open fields. This time of the year it is easy to spot because of its distinctive blue flower. But its seed is most potent, soaked for a half day… but harder to find. Mostly people prize it for the peaceful afterglow, but if you know how to use it, it can help.” They talked some more of other things, but to Chaiko’s frustration, they never got back to Bogan.
After that people came pounding on Chaiko’s back, congratulating him on his election to the society. Chaiko thought wryly what a dubious honor, all societies were so eager to add to their membership that all one needed were two legs to carry one to their meetings, and in his case, only one leg sufficed.
Around the fire that night, Chaiko sketched out his disappointments to his brother. Baer listened and then admitted that he had similar feelings at first. “They are all just men. I fancied them so tall and so wise, and looked up to them. Imagine my disillusionment. But here and there, among all the mundane things that happen, there is something important. Now, I am considered wise and powerful.” Baer laughed, inviting Chaiko to join in. But Baer was wise in a practical sort of way and was powerful for he, like Bogan, thought first of others, and that quality attracted people to him—and held them.
Later on, Dawn was telling Chaiko about her day. The Society of Mothers wanted her to join, but she was not sure for the society had issued some rather harsh words against Tara. Dawn thought that perhaps the Feathers of the Crane was a more appropriate association for her. They espoused cooperation and harmony and sought to do no harm.
“What was that?” Chaiko interrupted abruptly.
“Cooperation and harmony,” Dawn repeated. Why don’t men listen when a woman talks?
“Not that. About Tara.”
“Oh. Tara got into trouble.”
“How?”
“Apparently she went looking for Cora and found her accosted by a whole group of boys. They were joking with her and making fun of her speech. Nothing sinister, just boys having fun. But you know Cora. She got hot and by the time Tara arrived her little sister was hissing and spitting at the boys while they were just laughing at her. Especially one. Connah, a Dorgay boy. Then one of them pinched her and she squealed,” Dawn stopped to take a breath and to organize her tale as she felt that she was not doing a good enough job of it.
“Well?”
“Well, Tara stepped in. Connah blustered and words were exchanged that could not be taken back. Then things got more serious. No woman can talk to a man like that, the boy said, and took a step forward but was facing the end of Tara’s stick. Still he persisted, in front of all his comrades he had to, I guess, and Tara gave him a smart rap on his knuckles. When he charged at her, she hit him between the legs, stopping him cold. Then she held off the rest with her stick.”
“Oh-oh.”
“Yes. Oh-oh. And now everyone is up in arms about it. A woman striking a man? What next? they all ask.”
“But what has the Society of Mothers to do with this?” Chaiko queried.
“Apparently quite a lot. They hold that women should be women and should therefore not behave like men. Where would we be if we were to forget tenderness, gentleness and kindness? Should we, too, swagger about, boastfully beating our chests like the rest of male kind? No, women are women and should act and behave differently from men. Tara did not and thus invited their censure.”
“How are the men’s groups reacting to this?” Chaiko asked, concern pinching his voice.
“They? They laugh about it. It serves the boy right for misjudging Tara’s staff for a digging stick. Most figure that he got what he deserved. But even among them some feel uneasy about a woman going about armed with a weapon, and daring to level it against a man.”
“Well, it will pass,” Chaiko said dismissingly, but then thought that Tara would likely be upset; first for letting herself be so provoked, second because of all the censure the episode invited. She had seen her sister threatened and reacted accordingly.
But in this prediction Chaiko was proven wrong; the matter did not pass, but quickly grew out of proportion. Later that same night, a Sharp-Owl chief grew tired of the unending women’s talk invading his campsite. Send them away, he demanded angrily of his mate. In the midst of her female friends and companions, the woman loudly refused for all to see and hear. He turned red and then struck her, but she still refused. The women closed around her and stared down the angry man. This caused a fresh wave of protest to wash over the whole encampment. What was the world coming to? they all asked. Suddenly a private confrontation between Tara and a Dorgay boy became the intense focus of all their attention and the conflict escalated into a camp-wide male-female split. But still, up until this point, the conflict would have easily lapsed into insignificance, had it not been for some unfortunate words by none other than the great man Corrigan. It was most unfortunate that he was overheard saying to one of his minions, “The women are upset? They feel disaffected? Bah. Do I listen to flies buzzing in the summer heat and argue issues with them? Let the women buzz all they like; we have real concerns to attend to. Go buzz your complaints into ears that will listen.” Within minutes his words were all over camp, spreading faster than grass fire driven by the wind. Soon it was the main conversation piece among all the campsites, as they chewed over every aspect of it.
The women were in an uproar. You can ignore a woman, take advantage of her all her life, by all means take her for granted and never thank her, but do not insult her in her face and in front of her kind. No more, their protest swelled, as they stood together, linking hands, resolved; no more! But Tara confused the issue.
The men tended to be charitable toward Tara, feeling she had little choice but to protect her sister. But most women ventured differing opinions. “What do you men know about being a woman? We have listened to you telling us about who and what we are and said nothing. To you a woman is a mere convenience, to be used as it suits you. Women are women because Mother Nature made them different, softer, gentler, to make grace and comfort known. How will a mother succour her children? Through harshness of anger or through tenderness? How will she teach them to be human? Through punishment or encouragement? Was not mother’s milk made sweet, not bitter? So that the child will learn sweetness first. Life teaches bitterness soon enough.”
There was no ready answer to that. The men all had mothers and they had looked to them for comfort. Some expected their mates to continue where their mothers had left off, taking care of them and asking little in return.
Everyone agreed that Tara was different. The men, on the surface at least, not being mated to her, seemed inclined to live with her difference. Let that be Chandar’s concern, to teach her different if he was of a mind to. But the women could not leave it as merely a private affair. In the emotionally charged context they saw in her a dangerous attempt to redefine them. What if the men started expecting them all to act in this exotic manner. Arm women? Make them into hunters? Make them learn to fight and shed blood? No! It was time to let men know what women were really about. Hardworking and courageous, certainly, but silent and patient no longer!
So it was that Tara was held up as the very antithesis of womanly virtues and ideals; she was seen as arrogant, brash and without consideration of others. Gentleness and tenderness was the women’s battle cry.
Not so, Tara’s proponents claimed, lining up in her defence; do not vilify her for the shortcomings of your stature. A mother does not eat her daughters to appease her own needs for approval. We are not cannibals, was their bandied-about slogan.
Throughout the day the controversy grew and raged back and forth. All of the sudden, people were not interested in other topics, nor attended performances that were being offered. Why should they when much more interesting events were unfolding? It was indeed a rare event that everyone was talking of the same thing and every word that was spoken was so narrowly aimed. Even Ela expressed misgivings about women acting like men, but was quick to point out that Tara was raised a Tolmec. Most women were inclined to the same opinion, but still the outrage of the women was not placated. In fact, so vocal was the indignation that society after society was compelled to issue some opinion on the matter. More and more this issue split the camp. Thus it was that the Society of Mothers, which so harshly condemned Tara’s behaviour, formed one nucleus of protest, while the Sisters of the Moon offered a more supportive and sympathetic viewpoint, largely due to Tanya’s influence. We agree that women are not men, nor should they be, the Sisters proclaimed, but women must include the likes of Tara and give them leave to be themselves.
By the afternoon things had reached such a boiling point that the whole camp was split into for and against groups. Everyone was challenged to declare themselves, including the men. Women were finally demanding the attention they felt they deserved. Vociferous gangs of them accosted men and women alike and demanded that they declare themselves. The men protested that this was none of their affair, but they were bullied and set upon so reluctantly, the men chose one or the other position. Corrigan was beside himself with fury at this development. He preferred to make his own controversies rather than be caught up in them. Vainly did he try to defuse the situation and channel it into what he felt was a more relevant direction.
Tanya with the Standing-Rock women in support resigned from the Society of Mothers, declaring that instead of supporting one of their own, they were turning on her. The mothers replied that Tara was not a mother and did not even act like a prospective one at that. Furthermore, it was their sacred duty to uphold the ideals of motherhood in particular and womanhood in general. This new escalation led to mass resignations as the societies broke into for and against sides, disgorging half their membership. The Sisters of the Moon became the focus for the minority view. One by one, the men’s groups reluctantly toed one line or the other. The prestigious Brothers of the Spear pussyfooted around the question, but their mates would not let them stay out of the issue. With voices raised men and women argued with each other. Neighbor against neighbor. Friend against friend. Mate with mate. No one had seen the like of this.
The Council of Shamans refused to be drawn into the fray though Corrigan tried to stir them up to support his view; but for once, they did not. Thus it came about that Corrigan ordered the horn to be blown. This was an unprecedented event, for the horns were used only for the opening and closing ceremonies, and the other horns replied questioning. Still after a short time people collected on the close, but they regrouped into two camps, on one side The Society of Mothers, on the other The Sisters of the Moon. The two halves then glowered at each other. The stables stood undecided between them. Corrigan chewed on his lips. This was not reflecting well on him. How could such a small issue suddenly grow into such a big storm? True the young Dorgay’s family was well connected, of an illustrious line that went as far back as any in clan memory and were vocal in their indignation. But how had such a small, insignificant episode become so emotionally charged as to totally hijack all high-minded political aims and objectives? The women, for once, demanded to be heard, on both sides of the issue. They did not let their mates sweep aside their opinions and feelings. Not this time. This had become suddenly a vital, core issue that needed to be resolved.
Tara found herself at the centre of this maelstrom, and was truly sorry to be the cause of it, but instinctively knew this was not about her any more. It was an awakening of the women; feeling the power of their collective objection, they dared to raise their voices in protest. While they were divided in their views of the matter, they stood united on being heard.
“Let men be men, Bogan had said, and women be women!” Corrigan thundered from his raised place and his mouthpiece echoed his words even louder. “Is it womanly to march about accosting one another demanding alliances? My mother would not have done so! And she was a lady. A mother of mothers.” Corrigan, in trying to shame them, was loudly booed and hissed down by both sides.
“This time we will not be silenced,” a woman shouted from the near side. Corrigan frowned and turned to find the voice. The stables stirred uneasily.
“Do you have something to say?” Corrigan demanded, using his most intimidating voice and threatening posture.
“You bet I have... as we all have. We have nursed you and fed you. Listened to you and comforted you. And we asked for nothing and made no fuss. We quietly did as we were told. But not this time! And if your mother were here today she would stand with us!” The voice rang boldly in the hushed expectation.
“Who is that?” people asked each other in whispers.
“Keko of Pelican-Sands.”
“She speaks well,” said a woman. “And loud,” added her mate less charitably.
“Well I say it is enough!” Corrigan shouted down the multitude, willing it to quiet. “Enough words have been wasted. Enough time has been lost. It is time to get on with the Gathering.”
“Not yet!” a clear voice rose from the crowd and the headwoman of the Society of Mothers pushed herself to the fore to face the livid Corrigan in open defiance.
“No. Not nearly yet,” yelled Tanya from the midst of the Sisters of the Moon. “It will be up to us women to decide what a woman is. We are tired of your definitions.” On these points both sides could agree.
For a moment Corrigan was lost for words. To face such humiliation in front of all the clans to witness. Who dared such colossal impudence? Who was conspiring against him so? He was struck speechless.
Meanwhile the women squared off in their respective groups, set to do battle for the soul of women and the ideals of womanhood. A few of the more reflective among them wondered how had it come to this? Surely not because one woman dared to be different? This confrontation, set this way, served no one’s interest! Not the women’s, of either persuasion. And certainly not the men’s. To have their mates so riled up, swarming like an angry hive... who was going to prepare food for the family?
Chaiko was profoundly disturbed by these developments. He was much too aware of his own culpability in this matter. After all he was the one who had given a Falcon to Tara, and leave to be self-reliant and independent. He saw in her the model of an emerging new woman. Now he felt his vision was being rejected by the women themselves. It was only right for them to decide for themselves what they wanted to be, but surely not this way; women lined up against women?
Dawn, standing beside Chaiko whispered in his ear, “They both want the same things— recognition for women. One would do it with Tara, the other without. We must stop them.” Fire-Dancer clung to her sister, feeling all the fierce, naked emotions raging around her. This could never happen among the Ekulan, she thought despairingly, wishing to be back home. The tense silence grew in its intensity, awaiting the outbreak of the storm that was surely coming.
“People!” Chaiko yelled, advancing into the open space, once again placing himself in-between. He lifted both his arms, spreading his feather cape wide. The strange sight of him arrested both sides, which focused their attention on him. “I, Chaiko, Shaman of the Standing-Rock Clan, herewith petition the Society of Mothers to become a member unto perpetuity.” His words were like a thunderclap in the silence, freezing every thought. “I make the same application to the Sisters of the Moon that I would gladly and wholeheartedly be their sister...”
That finally got a response from the crowd as a murmur of surprise welled up. “You are not a mother... or a sister...” came in incredulous voices from all sides.
“Exactly!” agreed Chaiko with their protest. “Still I make my application, so accept me then not as a man but as a human being.” He waited for his words to sink in the renewed quiet. “Bogan told us, whether we be men or women, we should be our best. The societies were charged to guard the best. In homage to my mother, I would gladly join the Society of Mothers and protect therefore mother’s rights. To honor my sisters I would be pleased to join The Sisters of The Moon and support their aims. For that is what the societies were meant to do! Not to exclude men or women but to enshrine their rights. Accept me therefore, I ask most respectfully of you.”
Chaiko’s words put a large hole into the conflict.
“If I am the best shaman I can be, then no fault lies with me. Same with you. Be the best mother according to your ability and no one will reproach you. Be the best father and you shall escape rebuke and people will praise you. You were born a man and a woman without your asking, but you live by your choices and determinations every day. Your role, whether male or female, was preordained, but how you fulfill it is up to every one of you, of us. What parent shall ask is this my daughter and take no joy in her? Who among you will turn from your child because he is not a girl or she not a boy? Will you love them less when they have grown up? So I ask that you take me into your societies. I ask most sincerely and will count it a great honor.”
Ushi, who by now knew his shaman well, interjected into the shocked silence, “Me too. Take me too. I want to be a mother and a sister of the moon.”
Then by some mysterious transference there was a sudden rush as man after man clamored to be accepted into the society of women. To serve and protect women’s rights! At some level, they recognized, this was a most honorable way of ending the present crisis that threatened to split the camp and spoil the entire Gathering. Men, knowing by instinct when mutual posturing had reached a critical point, when crossing it would be irreversible, now hurried to head off that crisis. Did not the women realize this? Take me, take me, the men therefore shouted. The women regarded them with some skepticism; were they mocking them? But the sincerity was unmistakable. Even Tusk, who had little use for women otherwise, begged to be accepted. And Rea, would wonders never cease?
Tanya, too, recognizing the way out of the impasse that Chaiko had offered, turned to him and proclaimed in a loud voice, “I welcome you, Shaman, into the Sisterhood of the Moon. We sisters recognize a good woman and a good man and henceforth make no distinction between them. Good will always be good, no matter what form it takes.” She turned toward the crowd around the Society of Mothers and included them. “We truly have no quarrel with you. We shall stand by our sister Tara and her right to be different as we will respect your difference of opinion. If our words wounded any one of you, I... we apologize and beg forgiveness of you.”
The Society of Mothers was also quick to seize upon the moment and make their peace. The two groups mingled, hesitantly at first, then more freely, glad to be one again. How could it have happened? It was unbelievable how close the thing had come to an open breach that could have torn apart the clans. Tacitly, it was understood that Tara was free to be herself, and in her freedom they all had gained a little victory and deliverance no matter on which side of the conflict they stood. The men too looked at the women with a new-won regard. It was not to say that the imbalance between the sexes was rectified, for perhaps it could never be entirely, but a new measure of awareness was achieved.
Baer’s head was spinning. Just as quickly as this conflict had arisen, it was suddenly over. A few well-chosen words had turned anger away and tamed wildly racing hearts set on such a destructive course. He was very glad it was over, as most were. Indeed by evening everybody threw themselves into the festivities with renewed vigor.
Only Corrigan remained bitterly unsatisfied, for it was not his action that had solved the emergency. It had been that upstart boy of the Standing-Rock Clan. “I knew he was trouble the moment I laid eyes on him,” Corrigan muttered, striding up and down the short confines of his hut as two of his attendants scurried to keep out of his way. They knew by experience that in his present mood he would likely kick out at them. “The ungrateful wretch is not to be trusted,” he spat and indeed the great man delivered swift kicks to reward his slow moving servants.
By nightfall the episode seemed to have been forgotten. Well, not entirely. In the flickering firelight Tanya and Lana came over to the shaman and again Tanya thanked him. “I do not understand how we could have reached such a fever pitch, so quickly. And us women against women, acting no better than men.”
If given a chance, men can behave well, with kindness and generosity. And on occasions, women too will act out of character; Chaiko drew his conclusions but kept them to himself. Enough sensibilities had already been offended for one day. The real culprit had been Corrigan. His selfish attitude had tainted this Gathering from the start. He should have allowed the women’s request for a meeting on their own to discuss women’s issues, not rejecting it out of hand, as if women were of no account. Chaiko seethed with indignation. Careful, he warned himself, do not let your dislike of the man run away with you. He then sought out Ushi and thanked him. His contribution, just at the right time, had started the tide running the other way.
“I knew what you were doing,” the trader admitted unabashed; “I just gave the rest a little push and they came cascading after.” Then as the shaman left, Ushi called after him, “Good night sister,” choking on his laughter.
Chaiko just smiled, well pleased. A catastrophe had been averted, but in these moments of victory, the cripple reminded him how quickly life could turn from one moment of happiness to suffering and bitterness. Noting his expression, Dawn read his mood and helped him take off his wooden leg. He luxuriated in the feel of her hands working his stump; he relaxed. Then her fingers searched higher and the two of them disappeared under the covers careful not to awaken any of their children.
The moon painted the landscape in its silver light, dewdrops sparkling on the grass. A raccoon circled the camp sniffing excitedly at a refuse pile it had found. It dug through rubbish till it found a delicious collection of bones. It chewed on the remaining scraps, worrying the bone, washing it between its paws. The raccoon took its time, unhurriedly examining every piece, and left only when it was sure nothing else could be found.

Chapter 6
The next day Chaiko met his and Baer’s only male relative that they knew of, a young man living with the far-off Dakars. His name was Tarue and he looked nothing like either of the two brothers. Where Baer was large Tarue was small, carrying his girth not around his shoulders but about his waist. He did not have the quick intelligent look of the brothers, his face glazed over by a bored expression. Chaiko was vaguely disappointed. Here was his father’s brother’s son, their only relative on the male side, who was not at all interested in seeing Chaiko in spite of the rarity of the event.
“How is your family?” Chaiko asked him politely.
The other merely shrugged as neither the question nor any associated feelings seemed to have touched him. “They stayed behind, not caring to exert themselves over such a long distance. I sometimes ask myself if they weren’t right. Do you think it was worth it, to come all this way and for what?” To Chaiko, nothing about the man seemed familiar.
“For the pleasure of it, surely. For meeting all the other clans and to remind ourselves that we are one people.”
Tarue flicked a hand in dismissal. “We have our language to do that,” he said in his first halfway intelligent utterance, “and our customs.”
“True enough,” Chaiko agreed with him, not wishing to get into an argument, and swallowed the objections that rose to his lips. Instead he asked, “How is life among the Dakars? We hear so little of them.”
“Same as everywhere else, I expect.” Tarue shrugged his shoulders again in what must surely be a very familiar gesture to those who knew him. “We hunt, we eat and we sleep. For the rest, we listen to our leaders, obey their orders and heed our shaman’s wise advice.” Was there just a hint of sarcasm in the voice?
“Do you have children?” Chaiko asked, then thinking himself perhaps too inquisitive quickly added, “I have three.”
“Yes, me too.” Tarue sighed heavily. “Two boys and a girl.” There was not even a hint of pride in the voice, just weariness as if children were a burden to the soul instead of a blessing. Chaiko squirmed uncomfortably. There was a strange, distant quality to the man that Chaiko found impossible to penetrate. He seemed not at all interested in his lineage, or any topic beyond the most commonplace. All questions seemed to be an imposition, all replies a profound effort of will. After a few more desultory exchanges, Chaiko escaped, infected by the man’s total lack of joy in living. He wished he could scratch, but could find no itch to apply himself to.
Chaiko reported to Baer on the meeting, confessing his dissatisfaction. “I guess I expected too much. Perhaps I thought I would recognize in him a part of myself. But he was uninterested and uninteresting. I had to extract every word from him and those that I got tasted bitter.”
“Father said little of that side of the family, but then he rarely even mentioned his brother. They had some early falling out and went their separate ways.” Baer scratched his chin, the stubble rustling sharply under his fingers. Time to use a sharp clam shell, he decided.
“I do not remember father talking of family at all. In fact, I always found him a very quiet man.”
“He was,” Baer confirmed. “It is a miracle that you and I grew up so talkative. We certainly did not learn it from him.”
“But the strange thing was that mother rarely talked as well.”
“Yes. Living with father must have changed her. He surely prized his quiet and solitude.” The two brothers looked at each other wondering what had they inherited from their parents.
“It is said that a fruit falls not far from the tree that bore it, and the tree itself is reflected in the fruit it casts into the world, but I am hard pressed to see you and I in our parents...” Chaiko expressed rare doubts.
“Father was very proud of us,” Baer said looking into the past, his face screwed up with the effort. “You should have seen him, beaming for all the world to see when you, hardly more than five, brought back a rabbit you hit with a throwing stick he gave you. He said you should have been named Falcon for the sureness of your aim.” The brothers looked at each other in amazement at the dredged up memory.
“I do not remember that,” Chaiko mused but they both knew that Falcon was his favorite symbol. He remembered his mother better and felt the fierce love in her hugs and smiling looks. Often she acted as if there was some great secret hidden in her and she was constantly searching them for some signs of it. At times, when they achieved something of worth, she would confirm, “I knew you had it in you.”
A puzzle, Chaiko searched his memory, but the River of Rocks still barred free passage to the past. Frustrated, he shook his head. He had to get rid of that obstruction somehow.
“I will ask the old people who knew them,” Baer said rising. Lana was coming toward them with Crow in tow. She smiled at them brightly, near the three men she loved so dearly. Chaiko looked at her intently; he had no trouble recognizing both her parents in her. He chewed his lips, lost in the riddle.
A short time later Dawn found him still deep in contemplation. She did not want to disturb him but she had been invited to a special meeting of the Sisters and she needed to leave the children with him. Lana offered to take one of the twins, Ido the other. Thus only Yael needed oversight.
“Have a good time,” Chaiko called after her, remembering almost too late that they were honoring his mate, naming her a First-Sister to share leadership in the Society. It was Tanya’s doing, of course, and so it was right that leaders looked to those who would help them. Chaiko played with his son, at times looking at him, searching for the parts of himself that he had given to his son. It was such a great mystery how the parent was replicated in the children and in what measure. The shape of Yael’s head was his, but the eyes and mouth were Dawn’s.
Time and time again Yael ran off inciting his father to chase him and he chortled in delight at being caught. At times Chaiko found the getting up a little tiresome with the inflexible wooden leg under him, but he could not resist his son’s enjoyment of the game.
It was afternoon when Dawn returned, a newly appointed First-Sister. Her face was radiant for she was enough of her mother’s child to appreciate the honor given her. Fire-Dancer danced her delight at her sister’s elevation. Suddenly the campsite was again full as people flooded back in. By all accounts the controversy had faded away and people were anxious more than ever to enjoy themselves. Chaiko saw Ela laugh gaily and even Nebu smile beyond her.
“Dawn,” Chaiko called to his mate and she came running. “Please invite Nebu.” She looked surprised at him but right away recognized the shaman’s face that he donned for some official act, a calm, serene mask that gave nothing away. She ran to comply and returned shortly conducting an alarmed Nebu before the shaman.
“Come sit.” Chaiko made a gesture for the woman to sit across from him. He smiled to reassure her and she sat down cautiously. “Ruba has grown into a strong, young lad. A credit to his parents.” Relief washed across Nebu’s face; she was ready to talk about her son but Chaiko did not pause there. “Ork has grown too. Tall and straight as a willow he is.” Nebu nodded warily again; this was coming much too fast and she feared his probing eyes. Chaiko sensed her reluctance and tried to approach a different way. “You know I often think of your man. Sometimes I find comfort in thinking he is at the back of the cave, working on that painting of his.” She nodded, sometimes she felt him there too. “I miss him,” Chaiko admitted; “He saw things the way a shaman sees them, the essence of things rather than just their shape.” She started glowing at the thought of him. No one mentioned Malek around her, to spare her feelings... but she needed to talk. “He was a quiet man, a thoughtful man and he taught us all the meaning of courage and sacrifice. What greater gift can a person give than his life to save a friend? I think of him and remember him...” Chaiko’s voice was peaceful and proud regarding the man he called friend. As he spoke she started to cry, soundless sobs shaking her frame. Dawn who had been keeping an eye on them, gently pushed people away to give them privacy to release all the stored up grief. Before long Chaiko too was wiping his eyes and Nebu covered her face with a soft skin as the shaman’s words washed through her. Wave upon wave of pain rose up in her but this time she did not push it away. The shaman led her a step at a time. He knew how to bury one’s hurts and injuries, just as he had learned how to uncover them—to let them heal. “It is right to feel the sorrow for a mate so lost. It is right to feel the anger at him having been so taken...” Nebu wiped away her tears but a fresh flow wet her cheeks. “You know, in Ruba and Ork I often see a shadow of him. It’s hoped that they grow into what their father was, an honored member of us all.” Even in this discussion it puzzled him that he and Baer had so little of their parents to show. “And we all miss him.”
“It is still very hard to believe he is gone. He is so close still... in memory,” Nebu said between great racking sobs. “Sometimes, I turn around and expect him to be there...” an admission of a very private, protected thought. “And sometimes I hear his voice in my head. I am not crazy, am I?”
“No, not at all. Everyone of us carries a piece of him inside. You were closer to him than anyone else and carry the largest part.” There was quiet after that and he tried not to break it. For the present this was enough. After a while she gathered herself and rose. He did not try to stop her. He uttered a silent blessing for her healing and peace of mind, and remained still a long while.

Over the next two days the tensions subsided as the flow of the Gathering resumed with at least a semblance of normalcy. Two organizations had gained much from the encounter, the Society of Mothers and the Sisters of the Moon. Women joined them in droves, choosing one or the other. Except for Chaiko, the men did not really join them, nor were they expected to do so. It was enough that they had made the gesture of recognition and support at the time of the crisis, allowing everyone to save face and back out of the conflict without any loss of pride and self-esteem.
The women themselves were glad that the incident finally lapsed into memory. Even at the height of raging passions they had felt very uncomfortable with all the aggressive impulses they had uncovered. We are not men to behave like them, they repeated to themselves. Gentleness, breathe in, tenderness, breathe out. Grace and kindness was their strength.
As for Tara, the confrontation had made her even more entrenched in her deportment. No man, and certainly no woman, was going to dictate to her how she was to behave. It became thus Cora’s task to temper her sister’s sometimes uncompromising stance. The younger girl would point out to Tara that she was not being a good model for her to follow. “Would you like for me to behave like that?” Cora would ask, having grown thoughtful in this process, and Tara had to relent and soften her position. Chandar, who loved her in all her moods, was hard put to understand what the fuss was about. He had a mate that he could be proud of, who would continue to challenge him and she, because of his total acceptance of her, never disobeyed him or withheld respect due him. It seemed such a contradiction to see such an apparently headstrong woman become almost self-effacing in her mate’s presence. Who could understand that?
The only smoldering of resentment that remained was nursed by Corrigan. He continued to fume and harbor rancor which he focused on Chaiko, for, from a pragmatic viewpoint, he could not very well exact revenge on the whole population. No, he needed them for their adulation. But the upstart Chaiko needed to be shown his place. Corrigan rubbed his hands with gleeful anticipation. But anger is best served cold, he reminded himself, or was it hate to be so served? No matter, the intent was to prepare and be ready. Thus it was that in the daily meeting of the Council of Shamans he hid his feelings and if anything, he was honey sweet to Chaiko. He even asked for his opinions and seemed to consider them. This was so much out of character for the man that Tomakon, who knew the Head-Shaman for a long time, felt compelled to warn Chaiko. “Watch out, when Corrigan is this nice there is surely some price to pay.” But nothing happened, then or the next time, so Chaiko relaxed.
Back at his reed fire Chaiko complained to Dawn, “The Council seems like such a sham. They should dispense with it and confer all power on Corrigan and let him rule by decree as he is in fact doing.”
Dawn, knowing how deeply her mate felt about duty and responsibility, sympathized. “It must be very hard for you to sit there and just listen, observing matter after matter pass without due consideration.”
“Right. He does not even think about the issues, just makes a snap decision and then a pronouncement with a casual wave of his hand,” the frustration bubbled out of Chaiko. “It is not right. But what can I do about it? I have been on the Council for only a handful of days, surely it should not be up to me?”
“What does Tomakon say about this?” Dawn asked, steering Chaiko away from the resentment he was feeling.
“He does not show concern about it.” Chaiko shrugged. “He says, ‘Let the moose run uphill if he will and carry its burdens so I can sit in the shade and take my ease.’”
“What does that mean?” Dawn asked puzzled, her face crimped prettily as she paused in mid motion.
“I do not know but can only guess. He holds that Corrigan is doing all the work and saving the Council the monotony of humdrum cases. In a way he is right, it keeps Corrigan busy and out of our hair. But what is our responsibility? I do not know what to say.”
“You will think of something when the time comes. You always do,” Dawn said quietly but with such complete assurance that Chaiko had to swallow the rest of his dissatisfaction. Then Yael was all over him and he had little time for anything else.
Ushi came by with a companion, breaking into this domestic interlude. “Guess what?” he almost shouted in great excitement at the shaman.
Chaiko did not like guessing games but in this case he did not have to. The youth was the spitting image of Ushi in all respects, even in movement and mannerisms. “You found your son?”
“Yes,” Ushi replied somewhat deflated, “but how did you know?” Obviously, he was oblivious to the striking resemblance.
“Just a lucky guess,” the shaman replied.
“And guess what’s more?” he asked but then could not wait to blurt out his news. “My mate took another man and I am free of her!”
Chaiko, who had listened for years to Ushi’s description of her, now asked with a hint of sarcasm, “This is the soft-spoken one?”
“Exactly,” and Ushi laughed until he was rolling on the ground. The youth beside him started laughing too, though he had no idea of why. Finally, Ushi recovered enough to say, “She can make water remember and stone forget, so sharp is her tongue. It moves her rather than the other way around.”
“Well, congratulations then! You must be a happy man,” Chaiko said genuinely pleased for his friend.
“Well I am...” Ushi acknowledged but there was a shadow in his voice.
“And this is a problem?” Chaiko prompted.
“Well yes,” Ushi blurted out again. “Hardly am I free and trying to enjoy myself, when my current girlfriend seizes upon my sudden availability and wants me as her mate. Imagine that! Hardly am I single, some woman wants me tied down.” His face was wrinkled in consternation. “I had not realized it but it was convenient to be mated already, after all.” He then added hurriedly, “as long as she and I were very, very far apart.”
Chaiko asked the youth his name and age. Tamel, and he was seventeen.
“Seventeen? Do you have a mate then?” Chaiko asked. The quick way the youth shook his head said a lot about his mother; it seemed unlikely that he would be in a hurry to find a mate, just like his father. Dawn came and offered some sweet fruit and the water skin. Ushi declined, consumed as he was with his present predicament, but his son ate his father’s portion too. They left soon after, Ushi and his spitting image, separated only by a generation.

After the recent encounter Cora remained close to the camp. She had realized how much trouble Tara got into on account of her. If these new people discarded them, where would they go? Not back to the Tolmecs surely? So she sat about pensively, her natural mischievous spirit subdued. She watched people come and go, envious of Tay and Sosa for the intact family around them.
Ruba had tried everything to attract her attention but she ignored him. He had kept at it, having to learn patience by suppressing his yearnings for her. Then, reminding himself how long it had taken Makar to win Ido’s heart helped his own restless heart grow quiet and steady. He decided to sit placidly aside and wait for her to grow and catch up with him. In the meantime he dreamed how he would fight for her, as Crow had for Lana taking on the Tolmecs all by himself to rescue his love. Ruba despaired of declaring himself to her. How would he do that? Chaiko had taught him many things, but nothing vital and useful like how to win a girl one was interested in.
Thus it was that when Cora would look up, Ruba would be there, quietly biding his time. Cora was not yet interested in boys, and she had no female age-mate she could dream with about the future. At times she was filled with unexplained longings, more from seeing Tara and Chandar together, but not the sight of Ruba pining away.
Ork and Sosa had no such inhibitions. To them she was not an object of desire but simply a playmate, and they engaged her in their various misadventures. Once, the three of them hunted the fields capturing a large bagful of grasshoppers. Then in the early half-light of dawn, they buried the bag and its contents in the earth, leaving only a hole into which they stuck the ceremonial wand of the Flight-of-Ducks, a society of elderly women interested in aches and pains and herbal remedies. They were known experts in constipation, gout and infestations of warts.
The three miscreants watched eagerly as the head-woman plucked the wand from the ground to brandish it about ceremoniously, thereby unleashing a stream of grasshoppers that came shooting out of the hole with a popping sound. Pop, pop, pop. One landed in an old lady’s hair and she ran about screaming, flailing at her head. Another landed in someone’s wrap, causing a dance with more energy than the woman had expended in years, her body jiggling, her tone warbling through its entire range. Like a geyser the grasshoppers kept erupting from the hole exploding among the startled women, scattering the stately meeting of the Flock, all taking alarmed flight. The three culprits had to stuff the corners of their wraps into their mouths to keep themselves from howling.
They then successfully repeated this trick using large hairy caterpillars to disrupt a staid meeting of the noble Brotherhood-of-Moose. It was almost obscene how the fat caterpillars just kept emerging from the hole, one after the other, crawling this way and that, the meeting retreating before their slow progress. Yes, it was fun to be young, with the whole world their playground. Tay begged to be taken along, but she was too young as Ruba had become too old.
After eating some boiled eggs and a pulpy salad, Chaiko treated his wooden leg with some flax seed oil. He examined critically the wood which was showing a number of nicks from heavy use of late. There was a split developing but it was not yet bad enough for him to switch to the spare leg. But this was a signal to find some wood for a new spare, no small task seeing that there was no handy forest in the vicinity. Where was he going to get the right wood? Dawn suggested some of the traders might have something he could use. Accordingly Chaiko went wandering through the moving throng, on the lookout for some wood among the displayed wares. There were many likewise interested, for along this line of traders with their skins spread out and wares displayed, some of the best crafts of the clans could be found. He saw furs, finely cured skins, baskets, flint implements, rope, footwear, spears, and clam shell razors. Multicolored beads of all sizes, bear claw necklaces and the flashing nacre of shells. There were also many roots, dried herbs and seeds for healing and seasoning. Then everywhere talismans of all sorts, for good luck and protection, to ward off evil spirits and to cure all kinds of diseases, or so they claimed.
Chaiko found the many aspects of trading highly interesting for it represented the best that the clans could provide. He stopped in front of a trader who had a variety of weapons spread out for viewing. Among them Chaiko’s eye was caught by a handsome Falcon. The trader, observing his interest pressed it into his hands. “Note the smooth feel, smoother than finely washed clay still wet and slippery. See the care and workmanship. A master craftsman made that, I assure you.” Chaiko, running his hands up and down the weapon, had to agree with the man. Expertly he hooked the string over one end and strung it. The curve was strong and well proportioned. He plucked the string and the Falcon hummed with a promise of power. Chaiko was reminded of the first, Singing-Stick, the father of all Falcons. He struck the string and listened to the familiar hum; all hums sounded familiar to him, but this one especially so. He strummed it again and listened for the pure note to fade.
“Yes I tell you, this is a very fine weapon and I can tell by the way you handle it that you are an expert in using it. Look, it fits you as if made for you.” Indeed the Falcon exactly fit his hands and reach. Chaiko raised it and drew the string back, testing the pull of the curved wood: it was strong, without any shiver in the wood to cause uneven strain. Chaiko relaxed the wood and it straightened politely without the harsh snap of Falcons of less pedigree.
“This is indeed a very well mannered and trained weapon. Any idea who made it?” Chaiko asked the man, curiously.
The other shook his head. “I acquired the piece from a Sharp-Owl who had gotten it from a Dorgay. The first owner claimed it was made by a real craftsman who was also a practitioner of magic, and he instilled good hunting magic into the piece. He was loath to let go of it, but he needed to accumulate a gift to thank the family of his son’s prospective mate.”
“All weapons have magic, or so people claim,” Chaiko said deprecatingly. “But this was turned out by a real master, of that there can be no doubt.”
“True enough, but this one really has magic. Can you not feel it?”
Chaiko tried it again and had to agree with the man that it certainly had quality and something else. It was more than workmanship, his caressing hands could feel it, it was perfectly balanced with strength, ease of pull, steadiness, all perfectly matched. It was as good a Falcon as he had ever held, or ever made. Minutely examining the wood again, its burnished sheen, he saw a faint indication of the maker’s mark, obscured by oils and resin residue. Intrigued, Chaiko spat on his fingers and rubbed the spot then peered at the mark and straightened laughing.
“What is the matter?” the trader asked concerned, accepting back his merchandise. “Is there something amiss with l’bow?”
“No, not at all. It was made by a craftsman of the Standing-Rock Clan. Though people ascribe magical powers to him, he has none. He is a credible master of his craft and you have a fine sample of his workmanship.”
“What’s his name, sir?”
“He is named Chaiko, and the falcon claw is his mark.” Chaiko was still chuckling as he let the flow of people carry him along. Imagine that, one of his weapons had come all this way to greet its creator!
Chaiko paused again and found another trader hawking his wares. Chaiko saw a Falcon among his collection but though it was well-made, he recognized it as not his. He chuckled again. His eyes were arrested by a club of hard hickory wood. It was a little gnarled, but extremely tough and about the right length. He measured it again visually and saw that he could easily convert it into a spare leg. Ahead of him was a couple, the woman haggling with the trader over a piece of chamois. The trader was shaking his head, “No, no. I could not let it go for such a paltry exchange. Feel its softness, its suppleness, the way it caresses the skin. Try it.”
The woman did, caressing her cheek with the soft piece. A dreamy expression awoke in her eyes, then they closed with pleasure. The trader had sprinkled a lily-of-the-valley fragrance that even Chaiko could sense, heightening the experience even more. “All right, seven beads, and a length of rope,” the woman said decisively. Beside her the man shook his head horrified; “All that for just a piece of skin?” The woman extended the skin toward him as proof but hastily the man backed away from it, not wanting to fall under the same enchantment that had gotten his mate. “Just pay the man,” she said and he reluctantly did, laboriously counting out seven beads and then the length of rope. They had paid four highland antelope hides for the beads and a set of moose antlers for the rope. The only consolation was that they had less to carry on the way home. But such frivolity, he was shaking his head. The trader looked dejected as well, making it known that he had been forced to trade his merchandise way below its value. Then he smiled as he turned toward his next customer, sizing up Chaiko with a quick sweep. His eyes narrowed; this was not an ordinary customer, for this man was watching him, the eyes not greedily fixed on a piece of merchandise.
“What can I offer you, Sir?”
“That club would interest me,” Chaiko said to the trader’s surprise. A club was a brutish weapon unless one was a Dorgay, but this man was not attired in their style.
“A good choice,” the man hurried to agree with his customer, hefting the club in his hand, measuring its substantial weight. “It will crush a bear skull with ease, I assure you,” but privately he thought that only a fool or a Dorgay would attack a bear with a club. “I could let you have it cheaply. What have you to trade?” The man craned his neck eagerly. No matter how many trades he had made, there was this instant where it was just possible that the customer would have something unique to trade.
Chaiko reached under his wrap and pulled out three eagle feathers to present to the trader whose face fell at the sight of them. He shook his head regretfully. “I am afraid, Sir, that these would not be enough for such a fine war-club. Not nearly enough.”
Chaiko did not put the feathers away but held them unwavering in front of the trader. “I could tell you these are magic feathers but they are not. But they are marvellous nonetheless. Look at their construction, have you seen anything more perfect? Feel this hair-like piece, so delicate yet so strong. Look and wonder. How can this fragile looking thing hold up the great eagle and carry him so high in the sky, above the clouds, beyond our view?” Still the man shook his head; he was not a novice at this.
“Now I am not giving you the feathers in exchange, for that would be cheating you. I am giving you the sense of wonder at their construction.”
“But they are only feathers,” the trader protested but he was intrigued.
“To you perhaps these are just feathers of little value. But to the eagle they are his life. Without these he would be unable to climb into the heights, unable to swoop down to hunt his prey, unable to live.” The man looked more intently at the feathers as Chaiko continued. “Just imagine this cutting through the air, the flow of air over this gentle curve and look; in spite of these minuscule gaps the wing can still hold the air beneath its extension.” The man carefully took the feathers in his hand and ran a finger along their serrated edges. “These feathers not only tell you about the bird but also about the air. Air flows in a smooth motion and accommodates all things passing through it with just a modicum of resistance. These feathers are in the shape of the wind, curved to pass over an obstruction. In these feathers is hidden the magic and the mystery of flight. Perhaps you and I can unlock the secret of it? Would that be not worth something?”
“Surely to a man interested in a club, feathers are of little value. But for one looking for feathers ... he would gladly trade a war club for them,” Chaiko said, reminding the man that value was often a matter of intent.
The trader still hesitated for a heartbeat, but his imagination had been excited, yes the feathers had gained much in value. Finally before he could change his mind, he gave the club to Chaiko, “Here take it.” But Chaiko gave the club back. “Only if you are sure, will I take possession of it.”
This time the trader was sure: “Yes my friend you have shown me a great lesson and have earned it.”
“What lesson was that?” It was now Chaiko’s turn to be intrigued.
“That there is often greater value in things we cannot see.” The trader carefully put the feathers away. This man had had something unique to trade after all.
“What is it?” Dawn asked, puzzled, when Chaiko got back to camp. “We do not need a war-club.”
“But I need a spare leg,” he said pointing to the split developing in the one he wore.
“How much was it?” Dawn wanted to know.
“Three eagle feathers,” his eyes sparkled, “and a little imagination.”
“That’s cheap.”
“Inspiration is never cheap. He got value for value,” and with that Chaiko closed the matter.

With Fire-Dancer spending so much time with her sister, Hollow-Tree found himself at the shaman’s rather a lot. He liked Chaiko but was also overawed by him, thinking him out of reach. So he looked for something to occupy himself. Ushi, who spoke his language, was rarely available because of his many exploits. Chandar and Tara were busy with his relatives. That left only Kray and Stow whom he could easily call upon. Stow advised him to join one of the societies and promoted the Society of the Sacred Ox of which he was a member.
Hollow-Tree, thinking the Ekulan to be a superior race, had deigned to learn clan language; although he had absorbed quite a few words without trying, he was not secure enough in his own linguistic abilities to tackle such a tricky topic as an obvious superstition. He therefore was reluctant to investigate the venue that Stow was obviously eager to share with him. He had this peculiar itch in the back of his neck that had reliably warned him in the past. “Oh, that is nice,” he said noncommittally.
This time he let Stow drag him off to a meeting of the Sacred Ox. To his horror he found himself sitting in the middle of a crowd of bleating devotees. He had no idea why they were doing this, but felt compelled himself to join in. Before he could make up his mind, to his great consternation, he was bleating too. But then he out-bleated the rest.
“What was that all about?” he asked Stow afterward in a tired, strained voice.
“It is to share togetherness,” Stow enthused, “to evoke the spirit of the Sacred Ox, and to be one with him.”
Kray sympathised with Hollow-Tree, shaking his head disapprovingly at his friend’s experience, but then he took Hollow-Tree to join the Sacred-Oak, where they sat about waving the sacred bough and making strange utterances. Hollow-Tree once again found himself participating. Afterwards Kray asked him, “Now was that not refreshing?”
“Very,” Hollow-Tree quickly agreed, but determined never to attend anything “sacred” ever again.
“What is wrong with your voice?” Fire-Dancer asked.
“Never mind,” he croaked. But when she asked again, he replied, “It has gone sacred.”

Chapter 7
Next morning Baer sat glumly around the campfire chewing on a piece of dried fish. The rest, Chaiko, Tusk, Cosh and Ushi regarded him warily. It was hard to tell which among them felt the most downcast. The low morale was firmly centred on food.
“We need some fresh meat,” Baer said; “my stomach rebels at one more bite of this dried out thing.” He regarded the piece suspiciously and was reluctant to put it back into his mouth.
“Well there are plenty of fresh fish and waterfowls to be had,” Cosh said helpfully.
“Fish?” Tusk spat aside in distaste, “I’m starting to grow scales.” He scratched his skin irritably. “Bison would be nice.”
“That I can’t serve you,” Cosh said, thinking of back home, of the bison pushing through the chest high grass. “But there are lots of snails and fish eggs,” he added, trying to work some enthusiasm into his voice.
“Sturgeon here?” Ushi perked up, looking toward the lakes.
“Not sturgeon but large white fish full of roe. Then there are crabs and crayfish, clams and frogs.”
Tusk spat again, accurately hitting a cattail near the edge of their camp.
“And don’t forget all the eggs,” said Cosh, but all he could think of was a succulent roast of bison flank, deliciously dripping with flavor.
“Well you go and get us something fresh,” Baer fixed baleful eyes on Cosh. “Just don’t tell us what it is, and we won’t ask.” Then he put an arm on Tusk to restrain him from spitting again. The hunter was working on quite a volume of saliva, which he then had to swallow. Ushi winced because the wads had been flying by him and he was afraid that he would be the victim of some lateral splatter.
Chaiko looked at his brother and asked straight-out, “What is eating you?”
“This Gathering is not going right, that’s all,” Baer said dissatisfied. “Corrigan is posturing like a vain peacock and the Council of Leaders has now taken it into its collective head to elect a Chief. As if one spoiled brat weren’t enough. Two of them would be constantly fighting for supremacy. I don’t like it.”
“Uhhmm,” Chaiko murmured not knowing what to say. The problem of Corrigan suddenly doubled.
“Maybe you would get elected Chief,” Tusk offered a happy solution.
But Baer just shook his head. “I don’t want the position. Besides, a Chief would need to be more central so other clans could communicate with him easily throughout the year. Standing-Rock is too far off at the edge of things.” He then looked at Chaiko waiting for him to respond.
Chaiko did not let himself be hurried, chewing on a tough strip of meat as he struggled with the problem. “You know we might not have much choice. Depends who would come into question. We certainly would not want another Corrigan. So it might have to be you.”
Baer’s face darkened. “We were fine until now. I do not see why we have to change. This way all the clans are equal, one leader, one vote. A Chief would unbalance the whole council.”
“Hhhumm,” Chaiko thought. “Wisdom is knowing which battle to fight; hunting is selecting the right prey; choosing is selecting from the right alternatives. Let’s wait to see how things unfold first.”
Ushi said wistfully, “Would it not be something if Baer were to be Chief and Chaiko here the Head-Shaman?”
“That would be terrible,” said both brothers simultaneously, shocked to the core.
“We might not have a choice there either,” Ushi said turning Chaiko’s own words against the brothers.
For a while there was a deep quiet as they all considered the possibility. Both brothers shook their heads no. Still it lightened their moods as such an improbability pushed the present preoccupation with food into the background.
Nearby the Standing-Rock women were considerably more cheerful than their men. Tanya, Ile, Dawn and Fire-Dancer sat on skins, keeping the children safe within their circle. Ile was conscious that she had no infant of her own, but with Dawn’s twins, there was more than enough to go around. Yael and Wild-of-Wind were quite a handful by themselves.
Tanya was preparing for the day and as Head-Woman of the Sisters-of-the-Moon, she was thinking of an upcoming ceremony. She smiled, content that two of her First-Sisters were beside her to help. The Sisters-of-the-Moon was an old society and the original reason for its inception had been lost. All Tanya was sure of was that it had little or nothing to do with the moon. It was just a name. She had been struggling to give it a new focus, but most members were only conscious of who belonged and who did not. An applicant had to bring something for the society’s consideration. With Tanya it had been rank; as a clan head-woman she was welcome. Ile was also an asset, because of Cosh’s reputation as a scout and tracker. Dawn as a mate of a shaman, as well as being from an exotic background, more than sufficed.
Tanya chuckled and the others turned to her curiously. “I was thinking we should form a new society.”
“Not another society!” Ile groaned.
“What kind of society?” Dawn asked frowning. It seemed to her that the clans were overrun with societies as it was.
“I don’t know,” Tanya said starting to laugh, then burst out with, “Welcome to the grand Society-of-Pleasure.” The others, guessing her meaning, looked taken aback for an instant then joined in her laughter. The naughty thought grew in gaiety and they were struck helpless, shaking.
“You mean of... Prolonged Pleasure... surely?” Ile struggled to get out between fits.
“But of course! The longer the better…” and they rolled helpless with a fresh wave of hilarity.
“Don’t the men have some secret society, the Longest-Club or such?” Ile asked, still giggling.
“Yes, I heard it rumored, but Baer won’t admit to anything of the sort,” Tanya replied, her voice a little breathless. Who would be in such a group, and who not? they secretly asked themselves.
Fire-Dancer did not understand the subtlety of words but recognized the giggling. Dawn had to translate for her sister, but she could not appreciate the humor of it as the Ekulan were very open in this respect. “Girth is more important than length anyway,” she said in Ekulan to her sister.
When things settled down again, Ile asked innocently, “We would have to invite males, would we not? To this new society of ours?”
The rest chorused “But of course!” That started the laughter up again. With the women so distracted, Yael took the opportunity to make a dash for freedom. Dawn had to run to chase him down. Csama also made a rush in the other direction and so would have Wild-of-Wind but his mother grabbed him just in time.
The morning was well advanced and people started to drift toward the close, looking for something to hold their interest. A great many things were going on at once, and it was sometimes difficult to figure out where to go next. Most often the thing one really wanted, one missed and only found out about it later from some smug friends.
As always, there were some races being organized by the lake. Today a foot race of medium distance was announced and a large crowd collected as two premier runners, a Sharp-Owl and a Blackfoot, were to vie with each other. People were seen to carry possessions of all sorts, a good indication that heavy betting was likely, a good way to add to the excitement.
Chaiko went as Crow was running, as well as Makar, the two representing the Standing-Rock Clan in this competition. When he got there, the crowd was already sizeable and to one side the contestants gathered, sizing up each other. Fleet-Fox the Blackfoot looked every inch a runner, having long sinuous limbs with spring in every stride. He was said to possess an awesome sprint at the end and able to overtake opponents with ease. Sundown the Sharp-Owl, however, did not look like a runner at all, being short of stature, barrel-chested, and with solid legs that made him look more like a wrestler, which he in fact also pursued with a fair degree of success. He was reputed to have amazing stamina and would stick with his opponents like a leech, sucking confidence and strength from them. This was indeed going to be good race. The betting was already furious, but risky. The two had never run against each other, so there were no existing results to help the bettors. One had to wager on one’s intuition and the evidence of one’s eyes. Sharp eyes examined each of the runners, looking for flaws in the play of muscles or in the bravado of their stance. Both were of course posturing, but the popular choice favored the Blackfoot on account of his looks. Some found comfort in his name Fleet-Fox, enough to wager on him. The rest of the field was ignored. Why waste a wager on nonentities?
Chaiko went up to Crow and patted him affectionately. His friend reflected back a tight smile and Chaiko knew he was intending to win. The shaman took a tell-mark from his neck and placed it around Crow’s, saying, “This will help you.” Crow took the piece and looked with great reverence at the unremarkable stone. It had been Bogan’s, that came to Chaiko through his mother, and having worn it before, Crow had great confidence in the powers it was supposed to have.
“Thank you,” Crow said, his voice full of emotion, and the spring in his step increased.
The stables started to push the crowd back with cross-staves extended to make room for the runners, and a marshal lined up the racers. Taragon, a racer of past repute, addressed them all. “This is a race once around the lake. The first one to touch that tree will be declared the winner. May the fastest man win.” A tense stir passed through the spectators and racers, as every muscle tensed, waiting to be released. “Get ready — go!”
The cry “Go!” unleashed the runners as they all sprinted forward, arms and legs flailing, trying to find some running room. The crowd surged to a better vantage point, their yelling growing to a deafening roar. A few steps out a runner went down. He was obviously tripped and the rest ran through him. He staggered to his feet and made his way to the tree, collapsing under it. “Lame-Duck,” someone said, twisting the man’s name, Tame-Buck. The rest were long gone, disappearing into a cane field, with Fleet-Fox in the lead.
A fresh, frantic round of betting ensued. “Fleet-Fox to win;” a man was waving a sable pelt but found no takers. “I give two to one on Fleet-Fox,” got some interested, but then incited a new argument as to what two-to-one really meant.
A third of the way around the lake there was an open section where all eyes were now riveted awaiting the runners. At the moment the runners were hidden by dense cane fields and waving reeds; only the eruption of birds into the air marked the runners’ progress. “They are past the Old-Willow,” a man called out excitedly. Some years back he had run the course and was well versed in its twists and turns. It was sad to have to grow old.
A flight of geese suddenly rose into the air in great noisy alarm and everybody’s breath froze in anticipation of the runners breaking into open view.
“It is Fleet-Fox in the lead!” the jubilant cry went up.
“There is Sundown right behind!” answered a chorus. Indeed the two runners were within an arm’s length of each another, exchanging furious blows, for running here required the use of fists as well as legs. Even at this distance it could be seen that Fleet-Fox was bleeding from his nose and that bruises covered the other’s cheeks. “What a race!” someone called out enthusiastically, for the injuries proved that both runners wanted badly to win.
“Look, Crow is third,” Chaiko cried out, pointing out the obvious to Lana beside him. She squealed in delight, grabbed onto Ido and jumped up and down in unfettered excitement. Crow was running well, with a loose easy stride, arms pumping slightly. “He’s got a good rhythm going,” Chaiko observed. He thought back how a few short years ago, he and Crow had run the race of their lives against the Great-Fire bearing down on them. “Hold on, just one more step,” he whispered to his friend, willing him on, just as he had then.
Still fighting, the leaders disappeared again, and the rest passed in review. “Look, there is Makar,” Lana pointed out and she and Ido waved across the waters.
“He cannot run,” Ido said, giggling behind her hands, “but he wanted to take part to experience how it felt, so he can make a poem about it. He wanted to taste the strain of effort and the exhilaration.” The two girls hung onto each other with the excitement surging around them.
“Fox to win! Fox to win!” A man was brandishing an item to wager, but found no takers. The crowd started drifting to a higher spot to see the runners rounding the far corner. The tension was high. Chaiko found Baer, Tusk, Cosh and the rest of the Standing-Rock males beyond.
“They have rounded Mossy-Rock and are on the Path-of-Snails,” a spotter jammed into the crotch of a tree yelled from above. Kids were hanging from the lower branches like ripe fruit. The crowd jostled again trying to wedge itself into the best view. The press was intense and Chaiko and the girls stayed well clear of it. Thus they were last to see the runners emerge into the open. Still ahead was Fleet-Fox with Sundown just a step behind, both running strong. Astonishingly Crow was just a stone’s throw behind them. The noise of the crowd again swelled to deafening, as the runners approached.
Within sight of the finish, Fleet-Fox suddenly broke into his famous sprint, but Sundown had anticipated the attempt for he made a leap onto the other’s back and wrapped his arms around the man’s head.
“Foul! Foul!” yelled those that bet on Fleet-Fox to win.
“There are no rules! No disqualification!” their opponents gleefully replied. That Sharp-Owl was sure a canny competitor.
Fleet-Fox stumbled then fell doing a neat shoulder roll, divesting himself of his opponent. He was up in a flash and running, but Sundown was again right behind him step for step. Crow was nearer, gaining a few strides because of their tumble. People were jumping up and down, willing their champions on, inciting them, meanwhile pummeling each other. A young man who bet everything on the race wet himself in this great excitement but was unaware of it.
The rest of the field broke into view but they were out of the running. First was Fleet-Fox, Sundown then Crow, just a few steps behind. The three faces were contorted into painful grimaces, the arms pumping desperately, trying to squeeze just a little more from the exhausted leg muscles. The fabled kick of the Blackfoot could not free him from the other two. Sundown, his face awash in perspiration, gritted his teeth to hold back the pain that was racking him. Crow was gasping for air, fighting for his life but hung on with grim determination. He too was remembering the fire, when his life was in peril. Still the tree of pain was far ahead.
The crowd roared its excitement, swayed and rushed to arrange itself close to the tree. Vainly did the stables try to hold them all back. An old woman was crying, having bet on the present leader, but could not see the race because of her tears. She was begging her neighbors to tell her who was winning. Like a wind scattering of wayward leaves, she was none too gently swept aside.
And then the pounding footfall of the runners was felt, for surely it could not have been heard above the roar of the crowd. And then there arrived Fleet-Fox, whose hand extended toward the tree, touched it then collapsed, his momentum still rolling him forward. Then Sundown, flecks of foam dribbling from his mouth, touched and collapsed, his chest heaving with desperate need for air. Just two steps behind was Crow, touching, then falling and sliding along on the grass. He rolled onto his back and the air whistled in and out of him. The crowd surged in, touching and patting them, while the stables tried to drive them back, resorting to liberal use of their staves. But in their delirium, the crowd did not care. Chaiko and Lana could not get near Crow.
The rest of the race was by and large ignored. Runners arrived and collapsed, some unable even to reach the tree for the great press around it. Makar lay on the ground thrashing from side to side, struggling for air. Ido was over him, concerned. He tried to smile up at her and fought past his dried out throat, “I... sure... have... some... things... to... write... about...” His chest heaved painfully, pain piercing his sides, his legs muscles twitching spasmodically. “Shhh. Don’t talk. Breathe,” Ido admonished him, finding it painful to take a breath herself.
The stables finally restored some order to the proceedings, forcing the crowd back from the racers. Taragon the race marshal announced in a pleased voice, “Well, people, you have been witnesses to a great race. The best I ever saw.” Then he pointed to the winner and intoned, “The winner is the incomparable Fleet-Fox proving once again that he is as fleet of foot as he is a fox in running the race. I shall not forget how he rolled to get rid of a weight on his back. Congratulations to you.” Then he waited for the enthusiastic applause to run its course. His pronouncement made the result official and the winners went in search of losers to collect on their bets. There were a few disputes as to what was wagered, but on the whole the payout was accomplished smoothly, for honoring one’s bets was considered a great virtue. Betting, perhaps not, but keeping your word, definitely.
Then Taragon continued. “All throughout the race, the Blackfoot led, but his shadow was Sundown from beginning to end. At no point did he let his opponent get away, but like a leech he stuck and in the end was only a step behind. Well done.” The crowd applauded good-naturedly. It had been a good race. Both runners were bruised, showing that they had given everything to win. Wait till the next time, the supporters of Sundown let it be known.
“Then coming third is a young man we have not heard of before, but we shall not soon forget. He was a step or two behind second, just four steps behind first. A better showing in this race we could not have asked for. Let me introduce to you all, Crow of the Standing-Rock Clan.” The applause was fresh and without self-interest for no one had bet on Crow, except for a few of the Standing-Rock Clan. The crowd then surged in again and there was a great deal of back slapping. First place shook hands with the second, admiring each other’s injuries. “I thought I had you,” said Sundown. “So did I,” replied the first. “But wait till the next time,” the Sharp-Owl promised. Then they both turned to Crow and mustered him head to foot; obviously in the coming years they would also have to deal with him.
“Excuse me people,” Taragon shouted for their attention and reluctantly, the crowd turned to him. “We have an objection to the results. Tame-Buck claims he was first to touch the tree so the honor of the race belongs to him.”
For a heartbeat the crowd was flabbergasted but then found its voice, swelling ominously. What, where, who was this Tame-Buck? He was the runner who had been tripped and crawled back to the tree and touched it first. According to the rules set, once the race had been started the first to touch the tree was to be the winner. They looked in amazement at the man who was grinning impishly back at them. Those who had lost found his reasoning compelling, whereas the winners, not surprisingly, found his claim a travesty against the spirit of the race.
A large man, a stable, strode into the open and called out loudly as he brandished his staff of office, “Let me be the one to give him his prize first,” and he looked wildly around for the claimant. “Me too,” yelled a few others, while the rest broke into laughter settling the issue of the claim. All agreed it had been a great race that would be rerun in the coming years. Satisfied, the crowd dispersed to the marshal’s and the stables’ great relief, as in past years issues of the outcome had resulted in outbreaks of fighting and mayhem.
The crowd spread its satisfaction throughout the entire camp. It boisterously celebrated the outcome, embellishing on the epic struggle of the race. Those who had unhappily ignored the event, now clamored for details of the great happening. “You should have been there!” the witnesses gloated. Winners boasted about their winnings; losers boasted about their losses. Either way there was prestige to be garnered.
The Standing-Rock spectators accompanied their champion back to their campsite. Exhausted, Crow valiantly tried to hide his limp, but time and time again he stumbled and Baer and Cosh had to steady him. Lana cooed solicitously in his ear, “We are almost there, dear.” With great relief he finally sank onto his furs, drank, then trembling with cold and fatigue, crawled under his covers. Drained as he was, he could not fall asleep. Soon as he closed his eyes he felt as if he were running again, his iron will unable to let go. Tiredly he opened his eyes to dispel the feeling. Lana tried to caress his eyes closed, and he shook her attempt off, but finally he fell asleep, the open eyes closing only slowly. Lana watched over him.
For the first time she was aware how favored she was. A daughter of the leader of a clan, related to its shaman, and mated to someone whose name was suddenly known to everyone. If she had longed after prestige and recognition, she was now certainly basking in their glow. In her own right she was a member of the Circle-of-Songbirds and had achieved renown with the beauty of her voice. She and Cora had joined the society and were instantly recognized for their talents. They were both given the rank of Lark with only the rank of Thrush held in more esteem, but to achieve that they would need years of service yet. The world was opening for Lana, just as she had dreamed of as a young girl. She and Ido had spent many days planning and daydreaming of just such a thing. Now they were both happily mated, with nothing to regret, but a lot to be thankful for. Lana was struck with a desire for a child.
She had indulged her passion for rocks, finding a very beautiful onyx, for which she traded a large turquoise and a favorite agate. She was reluctant to let go of the agate but the onyx was a real prize, a rare combination of red and black layers alternating with white. The stone was a little rough but she would polish it up with fine sand at home. Chaiko had taught her to look at the promise within things. Crow did not object to her acquisition, though Tanya tried to encourage her to find a “lighter” hobby. She already had too large a collection, according to her mother. Lana shook her head; how could she explain, the drive to possess got into one’s blood, it became a hunger. She pulled the stone from her folds and gazed lovingly at it. Sure, it needed some work, but she could improve it as she had her voice, searching till it sounded right to her ears. Her eyes would tell her when the stone was just right. Such was her appetite for quality, in all things, including her man. She gazed lovingly at him, trying to smooth out the frown of concentration on his face. “Poor thing. He is still running!” The stone, which she knew to be Bogan’s, was still around his neck.
The two comrades Rea and Gill were discussing, sharing the honor of Crow’s good showing. “I knew he could do it,” Rea offered, for him a rare tribute, as he was more inclined by temperament to take joy in the opposite.
Gill smiled in agreement. “He did surprisingly well. I bet no one really expected this of him.”
Rea muttered, “I did,” but not too loudly, for it was quite one thing to make such a claim before the fact, quite another, as he was doing, afterwards: one was in such a case arguing uphill. But then he switched topics altogether. “I was talking with a man from Pelican-Sands and he said that the neighboring clan had among them a person who claimed to have belonged to the Standing-Rock Clan. I asked for a name but he could not tell me one. Then he disappeared in the crowd and I...” he tailed off, looking searchingly at his friend and rival of many years.
“Well...? Spit it out man!” Gill prompted him. From long experience he knew that Rea was holding something back, probably to bargain with. But not this time.
“Afterwards it occurred to me that he could have been talking of... Tael perhaps?”
“Ela’s Tael? Her former mate?” Gill was suddenly very attentive. “Well I guess he has to find himself a place somewhere...? What clan did you say he was at?”
“I did not say. A neighbor of Pelican-Sands is all I was told.” Rea shrugged his shoulders.
“Who are their neighbors?” Gill rummaged in his memory, but Pelican-Sands was a far away concept. His eyes searched out Ela standing and talking with some other woman. “How will she take this piece of news?” he had to wonder. Aloud he said to Rea, “I will go to my friends among the Lesser-Bear-Claw and see what they know. Until then you keep quiet about this, you hear?” The other nodded reluctantly, but knew better than to press this issue. Gill went off to where the Lesser-Bear-Claw had their camp.
Ruba was very excited by the race and even more about Crow’s good showing. He ran around the lake along the same path, imagining himself running in coming years and winning. If he were to come first, then Cora would have to recognize what a fine person he really was. The trouble was he had doubts about it himself. Ever since his father died he had felt some pressure to take charge but did not know how. His mother had cloaked herself in sad denial and withdrawn from him. She could not help him to fill the hole his father’s death had left in the family. This made Ruba uncertain. Even though he grew in size, his spirit remained vulnerable. But people looking at him and his radiant good health did not suspect the underlying uncertainty. Chaiko did, and was waiting for Ruba to come to terms with it. But it was paralyzing him. He did not know who he was and this confused him. Enough that he remained aside, waiting, waiting for something. Recognition? Acceptance? He did not know, he just felt a lack within himself.
He ran harder, to outpace his doubts, ragged breath pumping in and out of his lungs, feet slapping down hard into the soft muck of the path. Yes, this was simple. Be the fastest, get there first. A clear, simple goal. Yes, this he could do. If only life were as simple.
Frogs jumped into the water with fat splashes as he flashed by and startled birds took to the air. A couple of Black-Pearl men fishing on the bank looked curiously after him, wondering what could be chasing him. One asked the other, “Did the boy not know that the race has already been run and won?” They both laughed and the sound echoed across the waters mixed in with the calls of the birds wheeling in the air.

Chapter 8
The mood was very elated that night around the campfire as the Standing-Rock Clan celebrated Crow’s good showing in the race. It was a matter of great pride that one of them had done so well in full view of all the clans. Chaiko thought that Crow’s name would be better known by the morrow than his or Baer’s.
It was too bad that they did not have the right foods to celebrate with, and properly commemorate such a great result. They were eating the fruits of the marshes, fish and more fish, unhappily nothing more substantial. In midst of the meal, Lana pretended to be a young girl again and begged Chaiko to tell them a story. “Oh please tell us a story, please, please... please,” and her mouth pouted prettily.
At her pretension, Chaiko’s heart was flooded with sweet sadness for those days gone; gladness and joy mixed with the bitterness of a cripple. Quickly he shut those feelings away. “Maybe after the meal,” he said and went back to picking through a mess of frog legs. The taste was actually not too bad, but the consistency left him unsatisfied. There was nothing to chew on; the tender lumps of flesh fell apart and melted in his mouth. With nothing to resist his bite, he was mostly swallowing.
Across the fire Tusk screwed up his face with grim determination, forcing himself to consume some snails, the curls of flesh looking oddly small in his big fingers. He popped one into his mouth, chewed once then swallowed. In his heart he was dreaming of bison meat, no doubt.
With the same reluctance Ork and Sosa wolfed down some slimy fish roe, trying not to taste it, and were very glad to be finished with such an uncomfortable meal. It was a great wonder to them that the Black-Pearl grew to be full size like the rest, on such wishy-washy food. They jumped up and ran around chanting, “Chaiko is going to tell a story. A story he will tell. Be quick about it if you would listen to it.” They galloped this way and that, making sure everybody heard. In a very short time a sizeable crowd collected to hear a story told. After all, this was why people came to a Gathering, to see one another, to learn something and to hear something new to remember.
With the corner of his wrap, Chaiko wiped his mouth of the frog-grease and ran his fingers through his hair. He was amazed to see such a multitude that collected to hear him. There was a noisy delegation of Dorgays up front with some Blackfoot beyond. What could he give this crowd? A teaching story perhaps? A moral or a riddle? He took a big breath as people quieted, waiting for his words.
“In an ancient forest of moss-covered trees lived a grey-owl. He was a large bird with a wingspan wider than my outstretched arms and his shadow glided silently over the glades of the forest, hunting small creatures like mice on the ground or bats at night in mid-air. Every day the owl would land on a pebble beach and bathe in the river. Not like you and me of course, but with outstretched wings he would splash water on himself which he would then shake vigorously off his feathers. Nearby, beneath the roots of the tree lived a porcupine and daily he would be amazed at the fastidiousness of this bird. One day the porcupine decided to ask the owl a question or two.
“‘Sir, why do you wash every day?’ the porcupine asked and the owl blinked big-eyed at him, his neck swiveling in the small creature’s direction. ‘Why, to keep my feathers from being plugged up with dirt, of course,’ the owl replied. ‘Ah just so. I wish I had feathers, for then I could fly like you and not have to walk and scurry about on the ground. I do not suppose you would have a few to spare?’ the porcupine asked with such longing in his voice that it touched the owl’s heart with this request. ‘I have a few cast-off feathers from molting in my nest that I would gladly give to you in exchange for a few of your quills.’
“The porcupine was amazed. ‘My quills you would want? Whatever for?’ The owl looked up into the sky where danger often lurked and replied in the thoughtful manner of owls, ‘To protect myself against the great eagle who rules the sky.’ Then the owl looked into the bushes under the trees, ‘And to guard against a mountain lion that prowls in the shadows.’ Thus it came about that the fellow creatures made their exchange, each greatly satisfied.” Chaiko paused to clean his teeth with a stalk of grass, thinking about the strange aftertaste of frogs. His audience stirred and he continued.
“A few days later the porcupine again saw the owl bathing but saw no sign of the quills. ‘I see you do not have the quills with you. Have you vanquished the eagle and chased off the mountain lion?’ The owl turned and hooted its displeasure. ‘No I did not do either, because I could find no place to keep the quills except in my claws and I had better need of them, to hunt and hold onto my perch. Thus I had to leave the quills at home. And you? Have you then learned to fly?’ The porcupine sadly replied, ‘Alas I did not. No matter how quick or how hard I flapped the feathers my body remained on the ground.’ After this, the owl and porcupine became friends for life.” Chaiko looked around to see all the faces watching him with questions in their eyes. “Now can anybody tell me what we could learn from all this?”
Quiet descended on the crowd. The grownups who had been on the receiving end of many such teaching-tales and riddles knew their answers were likely to be wrong, so dared not hazard a guess with so many people watching and listening. Only Ruba, who was somewhat familiar with his teacher’s trend of thoughts, risked, “We each have abilities...” then his voice faded into uncertainty.
“Exactly. We all have unique abilities and attributes. Yet what is good for one is not necessarily an advantage to another. Picture for yourself, how would a mouse look with moose antlers?” People started laughing at the odd image.
“Does the owl have a name?” Tay wanted to know.
“Yes, and I am glad you have thought to ask that. He is called Feathers by his friends.”
“And what do his enemies call him?” a mocking voice asked from the back, sounding suspiciously like Gill, but in the darkness it was hard to tell.
“His enemies call him Sharp-Claw,” Chaiko retorted readily.
“I like Feathers better,” Tay volunteered.
“Then you must be one of his friends,” Chaiko rewarded the girl.
“Is that it? Is that the end of the story?” Lana asked, knowing full well it was not.
“But of course not,” and Chaiko set forth again, “The two became friends for life. An odd sort of friendship it was. Feathers and..., oh by the way, the porcupine was named Spike if you have not guessed already. Feathers and Spike got into the habit of spending part of the day exchanging experiences. Feathers talked of the air and the sky and what it was like to fly into a cloud and to look from so high down upon the earth and see a mouse moving. Spike talked about what it was like living under ground crunching upon worms and beetles and succulent roots, and how to tell up from down in the darkness. Each found the other’s story and life fascinating.
“One day Spike asked Feathers to take him up in the sky and show him. The owl was surprised, ‘Now you know I cannot hold you as you are covered with quills from head to foot.’ But Spike pointed out, ‘But I can hold onto you.’ So the owl rose into the air with Spike holding onto his feet. And holding on very tightly I might add. The bird climbed with powerful wing beats and the ground dropped away below and the porcupine looked amazed and open-mouthed at the world he had not even suspected. But when they entered the milky whiteness of a cloud, Spike lost all sense of bearing and became very dizzy and in the process momentarily loosened his hold and lo, he fell off the owl’s feet. Feathers screamed in alarm and dove after his falling friend. Spike did what every porcupine does when scared; he rolled himself into a tight, tight, nervous ball. Down came Spike, down came Feathers whistling through the air. More than once the owl tried to grab his friend but his talons would not close over the sharp bundle of quills that was Spike. Still, by flying underneath and using his feathers, the owl could slow their fall and steer them both in the direction of a big pine tree. Spike hit the first set of branches, rolled off onto the next and the next and then finally onto a soft cushion of pine needles on the ground. Feathers landed beside the ball that was his friend and worried over it. ‘Is it over?’ a timorous voice asked, ‘is the falling over yet?’ The owl was very glad, for his friend finally opened up again, though it took him a long while before he could stop shaking.” Chaiko looked around, his eyes challenging. “Now what possibly could we learn from that?”
“If you find yourself so high, it is best not to let go,” Stow responded and evoked several laughs. Ulla hid her face in his shoulder.
“True it is good to hang onto your lifeline. What else?” The grownups tried to avoid his eyes. “Surely it was interesting to see how different creatures live in different worlds that they rarely get a glimpse of. It is true with us as well. Sometimes on the hunt we try to see and think like the thing we stalk and hunt. Do we not?” The hunters all nodded. “We learn the nature of things. Does Tay look for an apple under the walnut tree? Or search under water for walnuts? Would she not look under the tree that bore it? Seems likely to me.”
“There is one more lesson left,” Sosa cried eagerly waving his hands. Chaiko smiled at him and nodded. “How to help a friend in need,” he said and they all remembered how when Sosa was lost, the whole Standing-Rock Clan went to help him.
“Yes it is true. We do not always know what to do in a situation, but we try our best to do the things we can. Feathers could not grab Spike and save him, but he could slow his friend’s fall and guide him toward the pine tree that could slow him even more. And so instead of hitting the ground hard and fast, Spike made a softer landing and survived without injuries. All because Feathers used his head as well as his strength.” Chaiko’s eyes paused on Tusk who blinked back at him. “Is there something left to uncover?” Chaiko mused, while all around him people looked at each other, shrugging. “Yes, the story shows how we all have surprising abilities that can turn unexpectedly to our advantage. Look how Spike curled into a ball, so instead of hitting and splattering flat on the ground, he rolled and rolled lessening the force of impact.” Yes that was also obvious, people agreed, once it was pointed out to them.
“Is that it?” Lana prompted again.
“By no means,” replied Chaiko smoothly. “One day Feathers found a snake coiled on the beach just where the owl liked to bathe. Being a wise and cautious bird, he did not want to bother the snake who was an irritable sort, not afraid of any living thing as he himself was deadly poisonous. ‘Hiisss,’ the snake hissed in irritation as he coiled and recoiled, its head swaying back and forth threateningly toward the bird. Owl replied, ‘I mean you no disrespect, but this is where I bathe every day.’ And Spike who also appeared said as well, ‘It is true. He bathes here every day, not missing a single day.’ The snake’s head swiveled from one to the other, ‘Henceesforthss find sssomewheres elsse to bathe ssssss.” And the coils drew tighter, the head swayed back ready to strike. The mouth opened showing a set of wicked looking fangs. HSSSSSs!” Chaiko’s audience jumped and a few shivered. It was too dark to listen to stories like these, someone muttered; who knows what lurks in the darkness.
“Well the owl was of a peaceful nature when not hungry so he went and found himself a place further down the river to bathe. Next day he tried again but found the snake there again hissing invectives at him. Day after day, till the owl grew tired of it, for no place was as good as this. He would have to do something and soon. The next day the snake was there again and Feathers and Spike tried to reason with him but the snake would have none of it. ‘Hiissss. This is my spot now and you bessst not get too clossse to it.’ The owl protested, ‘I do not want to have it all, just to share it,’ but the snake would have none of it. Hiississ… hiiss...” again Chaiko’s audience recoiled.
“Well now it is a little known fact that the feathers of a bird are tough and thick and underneath there is a layer of down to protect the roots and even a snake’s fangs cannot penetrate the full thickness especially if the bird ruffles its feathers up which our friend owl now did. He spread his wings wide to confuse the snake, then high-stepped toward the slithering, twisting creature hissing at him angrily. The owl pounced and seized the snake firmly in its claws and jumped into the air with it, swooping up into the sky. Vainly did the snake strike because its fangs could not penetrate the ruffle of feathers. The fearful venom dripped off the feathers, harmlessly. At a great height the owl let the snake fall, and twisting in mid-air it fell to hit on the rocks below. The owl was there, a claw pinning the squirming neck and a few strokes of the beak rendering the snake even more helpless.
“Now everybody knows it is hard to kill a snake, and even half dead it will squirm and worm its way to escape but the owl held on. He then offered his friend the porcupine the opportunity to make a meal of it. ‘But it is poisonous,’ Spike protested, but the owl instructed him, ‘All the poison is in his head, so chew on his tail instead.’ So it was that the porcupine ate a strange meal backward, from tail on up, leaving only the head. It was a surprisingly tasty meal the porcupine thought as he spit out some bones.” Chaiko paused as he burped up a surprising aftertaste of frogs in his mouth. “You can still see the bleached and yellow bones on the pebble beach by the river bank of the Ancient Forest of trees to remind all creatures to not be arrogant, for who and whatever you are there is always somebody or something bigger than you, faster than you, deadlier than you. But perhaps I missed something in my tale and you could point it out to me.” Chaiko waited and in time various thoughts and lessons were extracted from the story told. Tay was asleep. At the mention of a snake she had covered her ears, snuggled deeper in her mother’s lap and before long was fast asleep. So were a few of the others and some visitors drifted away back to their campsites, but most stayed to listen to further adventures of Feathers and Spike and drew new lessons from each tale. Lana’s eyes were shining, fondly remembering listening to him tell tale after tale, making them up as he went. Every shaman was a teacher, as it was his duty to make his people think and use their heads.
People were hungry to learn, hungry for something to excite them and there were few things they liked better than riddles and brain teasers. Their lives were filled with physical exertions from morning to night, but there were some eager times when the shaman taught, telling stories from a long oral tradition, letting them look beyond the everyday toil.
The stars were bright in the vault above and the moon was tending toward the morning sky when the crowd finally melted away. Chaiko was still exhilarated from the challenge of thinking as he talked, having his mouth catch up to his thoughts. Baer came over and placed his hands on his brother’s shoulders thanking him. “What for?” Chaiko asked surprised. Baer could not put it into words all the things that he was thankful for, all the things the Standing-Rock Clan owed its shaman.
They hid in the smoke swirling round the fire pit, as the insects were buzzing aggressively about, looking for someone to feed on. Chaiko used a bison tail to fend off the most daring of them. The two brothers, the leader and the shaman of the clan, discussed the problems of today and the plans they had for the future.
“You know,” Baer mentioned, “we should go back to our old cave and recover our possessions.” He was speaking of the cave they were born in, which they had to abandon when they escaped the great drought.
“Yes, that would be good,” Chaiko agreed with him. “I once made a Singing-Stick with such pure tones... I have never made a better one since. I would certainly like to have that back. Perhaps you remember it?”
But Baer just shook his head. “No, but in those days I worried about the heat, about the absence of the bison and the danger of fire. I had my head full of things, looking for a way out.” He looked up at the stars. “It seems so long ago now, but it was only three, four years ago.” He looked at his brother and said wonderingly, “You were not even a shaman then! How we ever got along without you, I will never understand.” There was gentle teasing in his voice and Chaiko hit him playfully, as he used to do as a child, daring to hit an older brother indulging him. They both thought back to their childhood.
For a while they sat in silence until Chaiko made an unconscious gesture of denial. “What?” Baer asked, attracted by the sudden motion.
“I was thinking of father, how if he were alive today, would he not have to look up to us, on you as leader of the clan, and me as shaman?”
“Yes, and he would be proud of it!”
“But don’t you find it strange that the sons would lead a father who never led?”
“Father was a quiet man who was content to be led.”
Still it did not sit well with Chaiko that there was so little he recognized in his father and mother. He started quoting Bogan: “The nature of man is passed from generation to generation and thus the parents are recognised in their children. For as the blessing cites, the seed of him shall flourish in the womb in which it was received, to reflect all those qualities that the parents themselves received from their parents. That is why we honor the line of generations, to remember the gift of all our qualities, on which our own accomplishments are built.” Chaiko paused, took a deep breath and continued, “It is easier to recognise what a child owes a parent, for his inheritance sits on his face and in his mannerisms; less easy to perceive the parent from the child. For as water must flow downhill, time flows from the past through the present into the future— never the other way, except in dreams.” Chaiko turned to his brother and asked, “So why is it then, that we, you and I, are so unlike our parents?”
Baer whose head was already spinning, his brows knit with the effort of holding onto every word, asked, “What are you aiming at?”
Chaiko did not quite know—but all these thoughts somehow resonated with how he felt. He had an odd presentience, a threshold feel of recognition, some dawning realisation, just out of reach.
“We must deal with Corrigan somehow,” Chaiko changed the topic abruptly. Baer’s head spun once more, but he was much more comfortable with this subject. “Corrigan is his own worst enemy and should fall from the weight of all his self-indulgence and conceits.”
“Perhaps, but in so falling he might make it hard for the rest who got used to following his whims unquestioningly. They might have to think again.”
“You might be overstating that,” Baer replied. “I have not met a man who actually admitted liking Corrigan, though a lot of people like to hide in his shadow.”
“Yes, he has grown big... bloated with his own self-importance.”
“People hold onto him because there is no one else of equal stature to turn to,” Baer pondered.
“Someone like Bogan...” Chaiko said softly.
“Yes, like Bogan,” his brother affirmed.
The fire collapsed sending a shower of sparks into the air. They were surrounded by the quiet of the clan sleeping in the peacefulness of night. There was only the incessant buzz of insects, thankfully kept at bay by the smoke. For a long time they did not speak but enjoyed each other’s company without being interrupted, just listening to the various shades of silence of the night.

Chapter 9
Not surprisingly, in the next morning Crow refused to get up. Lana reminded him gently that today was to be the Spider-War, a much looked forward to event of the Gathering, so with great groaning, Crow forced himself upright. All around people were getting ready, hurrying to find a good spot to oversee the spectacle.
A spider web of ropes was laid out on the open ground and each clan was given a rope to pull against the rest. This year there were nine radiating ropes allowing for nine teams to test their strength and endurance. Ten men were allowed on each team and the clans, of course, fielded their strongest men. Smaller clans were allowed to join forces to form a combined team. From the Standing-Rock clan only Tusk was participating to add his size and strength to the Lesser-Bear-Claw and the Makeyes combined. Big Simm was put at the very end of this line, thinking that nothing much short of an earthquake could move him.
Amidst great shouting of instructions and encouragement, the teams took their places along the ropes assigned to them. The idea was to pull the whole crowd to one side of a circle, with that side, comprised most often of two or three teams, then declared the winner. The circle of huts defined the boundary line with the onlookers wedged tightly in-between. The whole central open space was to be the arena of this epic struggle. Most often the battle would be over in short order, but there were some legendary accounts of contests lasting for days. Hard to imagine nowadays; have we grown softer? some asked. The more skeptical made accusations of fixing and bribery. This year there were rumors rife that Corrigan had arranged his Black-Pearl team to win. To this end, it was claimed, he had made two giants into honorary members of his clan, just for the expressed purpose of winning this contest and basking in the glory. Not so, Corrigan vociferously disclaimed, the big men had asked to be accepted into the clan. But of course, the skeptics replied, with the inducement offered, who would not be eager to accept? Free food, free women and no work. Would you be able to refuse all that?
Whatever the truth of the matter was, the Black-Pearl team looked formidable, as the team to beat. They strutted to their position and were already boasting of certain victory. The men were stretching and limbering up their muscles. Some were spitting on their palms and others were rubbing their hands with sand according to tried and true strategies.
Everybody who could come, of course, was there. But only a few in front could see well. The real disadvantage of holding a Gathering in such a restricted space once again became obvious. It was dangerous for women and children to let themselves into the press. And even men had to use their elbows to guarantee a space for themselves.
Of course, at this prestigious event, Corrigan had to put in an appearance. The stables were hard pressed to safeguard space for him as the crowd surged to get a better view of the contest. A few criers took upon themselves to inform those at the back of what was transpiring. “Nothing yet. The men are still stretching and the marshal is not even present. Corrigan has arrived with his retinue so the start cannot be far off. We all know how he hates to be kept waiting, don’t we?” A chorus of boos answered him.
Taragon fought his way through the crowd to centre stage. “Here he comes,” the criers announced. “Who is it?” the crowd who could not see cried back. “The marshal Taragon!” A surge went through the crowd, two huts collapsed and the space immediately flooded with people. “Oh my hut! My poor hut! You destroyed it!” a woman cried looking at the shambles with half an eye, the other still trying to see what was happening with the contest.
At a gracious sign from Corrigan, Taragon began to charge the contestants. “Now we all know why we are here...” and the men on the ropes and the crowd roared back. “We all know how this is played!” Taragon continued. “The first to breach the circle of huts wins. There are no other rules, except to wait for my signal to start.” He then pulled a gossamer-thin weave of cloth, and showed it all around. “I shall throw this in the air and when it hits the ground, you are free to pull. Understand?” Everyone roared, what could be more simple?
“Well then, pick up your ropes!” The men did so. People craned their necks and two more huts collapsed. “Grab your ropes well...” Every man took good hold and dug in his feet, muscles tensed and ready. “When this cloth hits the ground you pull!” Taragon wrapped the weave around a stone and threw it up in the air. The weight of stone carried the cloth high, then the stone went one way, the weave another; tantalizingly it hung in the air shimmering in a light breeze. The crowd held its breath. Someone yelped in sudden pain; the stone had come down and found him. The inconsequential weave still floated in the air, teasing the multitude.
A man on the rope swore, “Someone should have pissed on the damn thing to make it heavier. We will be here all day!” A murmur went through the lines, and the crowd in the back demanded to know if the thing had started yet. “No,” replied the criers, “we are still waiting for the signal to hit the ground.” Why do people talk in riddles, the back rows complained; what was going on?
Nothing much. The weave folded in on itself, nose-dived to tense everyone’s muscles then it opened up to swoop into the air again. A fresh groan went up and people asked again if the contest had started yet. “No,” a crier replied but gave no explanations.
A gust of wind suddenly grabbed the signal and swept it higher and higher into the air. “Can you still see it?” a man anxiously queried a team-mate who he hoped had better sight than he. But soon the signal disappeared from view altogether. The men on the ropes swore, Corrigan swore, the crowd swore, the grand marshal swore; his delicate symbol of the fragility of vainglory was gone with the wind.
“That is it!” said Soran, a big man on the rope. “I am going to say Hey and you are going to reply Ho. Then I am going to say Hey again and on the next Ho we are all going to pull!”
“HEY!” he called and everyone roared back, “HO!” Two more huts collapsed.
“HEY!” he called again and the roar came back “HOOOooooooooaerrrrggrrrhhh!” The ropes snapped taut, heels were dug in and the spider web vibrated with the strain as all the men pulled as hard as they could. No one needed to ask if the thing had started yet for the sound of effort was resonating through the air. More huts fell as the crowd surged in excitement. A babble of sound grew as each tried to out shout the others in encouraging their teams.
The spider web was suspended by the strain, vibrating but not moving an inch. Sweat started popping out on brows, as the exertion continued and the veins on the arms rose clear purple. The men panted in rapid, shallow breaths, not daring the luxury of deep inhalation. The pull was constant holding them all on the spot.
“What is happening?” the unseeing crowd cried.
“Nothing,” said one crier.
But another was more effusive. “Everybody is pulling. The muscles are popping out all over the place. The faces are ugly and grimacing. Some are already turning red. The rope is sure to break soon from the strain. The faces are glistening with sweat, water running in rivulets down the bodies. The feet are trembling and slipping on the grass. Look Toru has already dug himself a little trench with his feet and he will soon be up to his knees in it. Jessu is lying back almost flat, his whole weight holding back the rope. That fat guy on the end of the Makeyes and Lesser-Bear, surely no one is going to budge him a hair. Look Black-Pearl is trying to work in rhythm, giving little jerks that send shivers along the whole web...”
“Still nothing,” the other said, and a few that could not see but could hear both criers wondered if the two were looking at the same view. But both were essentially right. There were lots of small events yet the sum-total still came to nothing.
The sun rose higher and became unbearable. The men panted, and their thirst grew. The web still had not moved. The crowd was quiet now, waiting for the first sign of change. Even the back stopped trying to push forward. Corrigan was seen yawning several times and a strange lassitude settled on the onlookers.
For the men on the ropes the strain had grown unbearable, and the pain of cramps excruciating. Chaiko, who with Baer had a good view over one of the collapsed huts, could see Tusk straining, his back muscles quivering with the effort. He knew that Tusk would rather die than give in. Single-minded Tusk, it was his great strength and weakness. If they could only somehow temper his strength with the wisdom of knowing when to bend and absorb things instead of rigidly hanging on.
Earlier a man had accosted Chaiko and said in all seriousness, “You know last night about the snake and the owl? Another lesson was that one can eat... eh, handle a poisonous thing like a snake if... one is careful...” Chaiko nodded at him encouragingly. As a teacher he almost never said no. Last night all the faces had been a blur of curiosity in the firelight; he could not make out their individuality and he could not recall seeing the man there. But in the present context, perhaps the snake was really Corrigan? Careful, he told himself, the Head-Shaman was just as poisonous.
Chaiko saw a slight shift in the team as at a command from Oslu, the appointed leader, one of them secretly took a rest, pretending only to pull. Wise strategy, Chaiko approved. Again Black-Pearl tried to work some rhythm into the pull, and the Lesser-Bear and the Makeyes all had to resist. Next to them on the right was the team of Blackfoot and Pelican-Sands, on the left Dorgay was grunting rhythmically in response. Opposite were the Black-Pearl, Sharp-Owl and the Omaanis mixed with a lesser clan. The web vibrated but did not move. The effort eased as they all prepared to resist the next attempt. Again someone rested among the Makeyes and the Lesser-Bear. Simm on the end held steady, I am not moving, his posture said… does a mountain move… not likely.
Nothing much happened for quite a while. All the teams eased the tension somewhat, resting, saving their energies, carefully watching each other so as not to be surprised by a sudden effort. Torma swore, a bird had blessed him from above and he had to wipe the muck off his cheek. His comrades laughed, but the opposing side took instant advantage of their momentary distraction and pulled with all their might. The teams on either side of them joined in the effort and the web swayed in their direction one step, two, then stalled again. The spectators on the side lines jumped to their feet shouting encouragement, fuelling a fresh effort. But it all came to naught and the final result was only about a short step won for all the expended energy.
A little while later a back and forth tug was initiated on a different axis. The wily Oslu, noting the pull going to the side from him, directed everyone on his team to swing the effort from side to side, to destabilize that axis. Indeed the lines surged back and forth, as everybody desperately dug in their heels and pulled for all they were worth. It turned out to be a very near thing, as the oscillation almost got away from them. It had taken everybody’s effort to stabilize the net again. By silent, mutual consent, they all eased the tension, to be able to recover a little but remained watchful. This was not true co-operation but a sense of male pride that they all wanted to look good to their families and friends watching from the sidelines.
Several times they all had to scramble to hold on as someone initiated a quick attempt to take the others by surprise. But to no avail. The web moved a foot or two but not enough to justify the effort. It was now midday and they had been at this all morning. Chaiko could sense a shift of mood take hold. He could detect that the lesser spirits taking stock were slowly falling away. They were tired, aching and very, very thirsty. They wanted to be somewhere else. Imperceptibly they eased their weight off the ropes. Still the next attempt failed, the web stretched and moved a step or two but not near enough.
Some of the spectators drifted away, as boredom set in. They could of course, but not the ones on the ropes. It did not matter if one was dying of thirst or oh so badly needed to relieve oneself, it was truly like a spider’s web; as long as the web stood they were stuck to it.
Then, well past midday, in the midst of a renewed effort, a couple of women ran into the ranks and with feathers started tickling the straining Omaanis. They of course swore and wished the women to various less favored places to do some rather unlikely things to their persons, but it was hard to argue with the feathers and the web began to oscillate this way and that. Maximum effort was required by all to bring the sway to a halt. The stables managed to chase the women off and the contest continued. By now the web was quite off centre, favoring the Black-Pearl. Was this a machination by Corrigan? Rumors once again flew.
Just when balance seemed to have been restored, the women with the feathers reappeared and ran into the web. The men on the ropes protested loudly but the crowd cheered them on, let’s resolve this now, don’t be such a lazy bunch, pull! came at them variously. This time the women attacked the Dorgays and the line gave in that direction. A fresh spasm followed, legs scrambling for foothold, hands slipping on ropes soaked in sweat. “Water,” more than a few were groaning with the sustained effort.
A Black-Pearl on the line was taunting the rest, “Think of a nice cool stream. Water bubbling over rocks, refreshingly cool, to slake any man’s thirst. Cool, clear water.”
“What are you doing?” his teammate asked irritably.
“I am tempting them to give up... you know chuck it all and go for a drink.”
“If you do not want me to kick you, you idiot, then you better shut up,” the teammate next to him in line advised.
Again Oslu suggested a new strategy and passed it down the line. If it did not work, at least the whole thing would be over. They whispered back and forth, arguing. The problem was that both Tusk and Simm had to be convinced, as both preferred strength and endurance over a clever ruse, but finally they, too, agreed. The Makeyes and the Lesser-Bear induced a new effort, and the web again vibrated with tension. When the opposing pull was at its strongest, Oslu and the rest suddenly gave way and the opposing side went sprawling backward onto the dirt. The line of Black-Pearl, Sharp-Owls and the Omaanis lay scattered on the ground, victims of their own strength. The line was then pulled the other way and the fallen men were dragged ignominiously through the dirt into the center of the circle again, regaining lost ground. By then the innermost huts on that side were all crushed and swept aside as the web with its harvest of men collided with the crowd that surged against it.
Unbelievably, it was all over. In just two blinks of an eye, the matter was settled and a half day’s effort suddenly decided. Amidst great groaning, winners and losers alike let go and dropped to the ground. Painfully, finger by finger, each had to pry their hands off the ropes. The web lay slack on the ground.
“Water! Water!” the men pleaded and women ran among them splashing water over their heads as they greedily tried to drink. Others staggered about trying to work some life into their limbs. One man was screaming in agony as his mate tried to straighten him out. Simm was grinning from ear to ear, hands on hips, his great belly shaking with laughter. “I said the mountain would not move, but I did not promise not to have a few landslides.”
Taragon advanced into the centre of this vortex of fallen humanity and pronounced in a loud voice, “This Gathering proudly makes known that the teams of Blackfoot and Pelican-Sands, with the team of Makeyes and the Lesser-Bear-Claws and the team of Dorgays are declared winners of the Spider-Wars.” A loud cheer greeted the victors. Corrigan Lebow was nowhere to be seen. He had withdrawn at the first sign of the ignoble defeat of his Black-Pearls.
From all over the camp people were running, much disappointed to have missed the grand finale. “I was only gone a minute,” a woman tearfully protested. Her man was among the losers and she was not there to console him.
The crowd slowly dispersed, leaving behind it total devastation of the inner ring of huts around the close. Half the huts had collapsed and quite the few of the rest leaned crookedly. The owners looked in dismay at the ruins, trying to salvage their possessions. A woman cried inconsolably; her rare pottery had been trampled underfoot into shards. People pitched in to help, to right and erect the huts and to pick things up. A semblance of peace and quiet returned. Where the contest had been, the ground was torn and trampled in many, many places, the soil weeping a darkish spill of dirt.
Of course around the smoking campfires the battle was refought over and over again. “If we only this, if we only that,” could be heard all over camp. Only by the fires of the victors was there smug satisfaction. The Standing-Rock clan proudly shared in the victory through Tusk’s involvement. He confessed he did not really believe the trick would work, of upsetting their opponents’ balance, but it did, and he had to give Oslu full credit for the ploy.
Chaiko said quietly, “Strength is good, strength with a smart head is better.” Tusk looked at his shaman, knowing full well that the lesson was meant for him. He nodded but shrugged his shoulders at the same time. From him it meant, you do what you do but let me do what I can do.
That evening there were many sore limbs that grew stiffer overnight. By morning there was such a chorus of complaints and groaning that the whole camp resounded with it. Winners and vanquished alike whined as they tried to move seized joints and aching, wooden muscles.
Corrigan Lebow did not show up for the Council of Shamans. It was widely rumored that the great man was sulking, things not having gone as he had planned. Yesterday’s loss of a coveted title was the latest blow to his ego and the glory he had hoped to glean from holding this Gathering on his home turf was slipping from his grasp. He was left only with the duties and responsibilities of being the host, too much work for too little luster.
His absence allowed the Council an undisturbed sitting; the shamans conversed freely without the oppressive feeling that they were being overheard. Even so they remained quiet in their talk, feeling the shadow of the man over their meeting.
Chaiko asked Tomakon, “How could such a self-serving man have risen to such prominence?”
The other paused only briefly. “He was not always so arrogant and headstrong as you see him today. There was a time when he was actually considerate and helpful to others. He founded the Society of Badgers, renowned for their assistance to the needy, and he was a very active member. We all thought he was an excellent choice for shaman and then later for the Head-Shaman position. At that time, it was difficult to find a harder working person than him, always so ready to help.”
“So what happened to him to change all that?” Chaiko asked incredulously.
“Hard to say, but it did not happen overnight. He had always been persistent and opposition seemed to fuel his fire. The more he was opposed, the more it fanned the flames of his ambition. I think over time he ran out of opposition and ended up having no one to fight but himself. His ambition is consuming him. What other goal can he find than to seek glory for himself?”
“Sounds like he lost his sense of calling,” Chaiko mused. “That is very sad.”
“Yes that would be even tragic,” Tomakon nodded, “but I don’t think he ever had a calling in a real sense. Sure he was helpful at first, but gratitude was not enough to fulfill him. He had only ambition and as it turned out it was not enough, not nearly enough. Not for him and not for us.”
Chaiko was silent a long time, his eyes absently on his surroundings but not seeing anything. Then he sighed. “Is there any way to reclaim such a life?”
Tomakon shrugged noncommittally. Was he, too, beyond caring? “I have seen a snake change his skin year after year, a bear change his lair winter after winter, but never a man so set in his ways as Corrigan.”
Chaiko cleared his throat but said no more on the matter. A little later he went over to Shaman Lefay of the Blackfoot Clan and introduced himself, but the man waved him back. “I know who you are. Seems that all I hear is Chaiko this and Chaiko that. And full of magic, people claim of you.” His eyes on Chaiko burned with some inner brilliance that pierced the younger man. “What do you know of magic?”
“Nothing,” Chaiko replied instantly.
“And of spirits?”
“Even less.”
“Well that is a start anyway, for then you do not have to unlearn anything.” Lefay nodded and stuck out his lower lip, a sign of approbation as Chaiko was to learn later, but at the moment of this first meeting it struck him as singularly odd.
“Will you teach me then?” Chaiko asked, unable to keep the eagerness out of his voice.
“Me?” the older man asked, his face crinkling humorously. “I was hoping perhaps you would teach me.”
Chaiko was crestfallen. His face showed it all, his utter disappointment that no matter where he turned he could find nothing substantive to grab hold of. He felt like a teething baby wishing to chew on something solid, but still forced to drink liquids. Lefay, seeing his face, relented a little. “Come my young friend, between the two of us maybe we can come up with a few useful things. Though I know much less than people give me credit for.” Chaiko knew that feeling well.
A little later, Otter-Cry the Lesser-Bear-Claw shaman smiled at him from afar and in a loud voice congratulated the Standing-Rock Clan on their showing in the Spider-Wars the day before. Chaiko suppressed a smile; the man was obviously fishing for compliments so he obliged him and praised his clan’s effort in the contest voluminously. He watched amazed as the man preened himself with pleasure over the tribute. I hope that I am not so obvious in seeking recognition and approval, but then he shook it off, never!
After the meeting Chaiko wove his way through crowds of people compressed into the tight layout of this Gathering. It seemed that one activity overlapped another. For example, the stone throw of the boys was set back to back with a rope weaving contest for the girls. The crowd reaction on the boys’ side was definitely more vocal as cheer after cheer greeted a good throw. On the other side the girls were twisting and braiding ropes furiously; the first to reach a prescribed length would be declared the winner. In their haste the ropes would often became tangled and result in frantic efforts to separate them. High-pitched, excited screams filled the air; “Hurry, hurry!”
Past them, a more docile group of elder women browsed through piles of skins, some as rare as sable and some from very far away. There were heaps of thongs of various thickness and suppleness as well as cords of all kinds. It seemed incongruous to place them so close to the young people’s events, as the shouting must have disrupted the older women’s long winded exchanges. Gossip was the real commodity here. Who did what and with whom. “Have you heard...?” Chaiko picked out the phrase several times as he passed them.
A group of boys chasing one of their own, all yelling, nearly swept him off his feet on the narrow path. Then for a good part of the last stretch he had to listen to a mother berating her young son, “You cannot simply do it... in full view of people... We are not at home now!” The boy, having confirmed what was bothering his mother, promptly squatted down on the path. This, of course, elicited a fresh torrent of admonition. Chaiko winced at her tone and made a detour around the boy’s contribution to the place’s decor.
He was not in a good mood when he arrived back in camp, finding only a few of his clan there. Dawn and the children were gone. Lana, who was nursing the still stiff Crow, mumbled something to him through a big smile.
“A new society?” Chaiko asked, both his eyebrows raised. “We need fewer societies not more. And what is this society about?”
Lana’s voice was choked by giggles. “Society of Treasure?” Chaiko repeated to himself, “Now what could that mean?”
He sat down on his furs and tried to sort his thoughts as there was so much to think about. Most pressing was Corrigan’s domination of the Council. There had to be a diplomatic way for the Council to reassert control. A roar came from over the fields of cane screening the camp, intruding on his concentration again. He frowned, let go of his thoughts and decided to try his luck fishing. Tusk might object to it, but Chaiko had always liked the tender white meat of cooked fish. Grubs he deplored and frog legs he was not sure about. In his pack he found his fishing line, and grabbed an extra hook. On a clear patch of ground by the fire he drew the sign of a fish to let Dawn know where he was going. Then he set out, taking long strides to burn off the irritation that had dogged him all morning.
The air was balmy but freshened by a light breeze off the water. Near the lake he had to shorten his step as his wooden leg sank into the spongy soil. He walked along the water’s edge, crossed a narrow spit of land, and circled two more lily choked ponds to find a larger body of open water inviting him. It was a short way to a willow trailing its branches in the water.
There, to his surprise, he found an old man looking inquiringly up at him from under the tree. Obviously he was attracted by the shade as had been Chaiko.
“How’s fishing?” Chaiko asked politely.
The man nodded happily and drew a line from the water on which dangled six or seven fish, strung through the gills. His smile was toothless, his eyes vulnerable. Chaiko recognised the look of a devalued person past his prime, past his productivity, whom few took seriously. The man’s face looked almost apprehensive, or was it a trick of light? Chaiko guessed that he had no living relative to care for him. The unobtrusive posture told him so.
“May I share this place with you?” Chaiko queried, always a shaman, quick to feel the pain and need of others. The cripple within needed company sometimes.
“Sure,” the old man responded, moving over to share the favored spot. Chaiko unwound his line, hooked a worm for bait and cast it into a dark shadow of the water, thinking there might be a deeper hole there. He leaned back against the tree and looked sideways at his companion.
“My name is Chaiko. Of the Standing-Rock Clan.”
“I know. I recognized your... leg,” the man pointed. Chaiko just nodded.
“This is a nice spot,” he said easily. “Where are you from?”
The old man looked briefly taken aback; he was not used to encountering interest from others since most people overlooked him altogether. “I am a Black-Clam.” Then he stammered, “I mean Black-Pearl... but I was born in Pelican-Sands.” His face took on a faraway look.
“It is a long way to Pelican-Sands,” Chaiko prompted but the man just nodded as he tugged on his line to entice a fish to strike.
For a while they fished quietly side by side. The noise of the camp did not reach this far and only insects and the swelling and waning sound of crickets could be heard, with the occasional sharp cry of a bird.
The man spat and noisily cleared his throat. “Excuse me,” he apologised, with his fist striking his chest to loosen it. Gently he cleared his throat again.
Chaiko caught a large catfish that, served with watercress, would make an excellent meal. The old man waded in the water to help him land it. Proudly he strung the still-moving fish through the gills and held it up for Chaiko to admire with his empty, toothless smile. No wonder you like fish, Chaiko thought, you cannot chew anything else. The man self-consciously closed his mouth and his chin disappeared.
“What do I call you?” Chaiko asked warmly.
The man blinked, then with mouth contorted, said, “‘Saasha.”
Given his difficulty pronouncing it, the shaman had to guess, “Saasha?”
The man’s eyes flickered, “Yes.” Close enough.
“Well Saasha, I guess in your long life you have landed many such?”
The man nodded. “‘Sturgeon even.”
Chaiko looked him over more closely, trying to see behind the wrinkles, behind the watery eyes. Why did old age hide so much? The man must have many, many memories. Chaiko started digging in earnest then, posing question after question. Hesitantly at first, Saasha answered and soon his few words grew into a sentence and the sentences into an outpouring of words. Chaiko listened to a life unfolding in his ears. They each caught another fish; Chaiko pulled on a struggling pike which he then clubbed senseless. They settled back and Saasha resumed the story of his life. Chaiko listened, growing sad that so much life experience was trapped in this man and would be lost with him. He thought of Malek the painter. Perhaps he could have documented this person’s life, somehow, with his colors and ideas.
“You knew Bogan?” he asked abruptly, catching the shaman’s name in the flow of reminiscences. Instantly, the man’s past and his intersected. “What can you tell me of him?” Chaiko urged, pursuing his longing to know more about the great man.
Saasha paused, his face closed, and Chaiko was immediately contrite. “I do not mean to interrupt you, but Bogan is like a part... of my family. Bogan this and Bogan that.., I have heard all my life.”
The man nodded in understanding, and resumed talking. When he was a young man, he had accompanied Bogan on a long trip that visited clan after clan, to build support or discuss some important issue of the day. Which, he could not recall, there had been so many. What he did remember well was Bogan. “You know, he was just a man. A real flesh and life man. He ate, he drank, defecated, even spat... just like us, like you and me. But inside his head he was different. He saw things differently, thought about things differently. Yet when he spoke, he always made things clear and bright as day.” The faraway look grew and erased all the worry lines from his face.
“There was one time I remember, among the Omaani we were, and because of his great reputation a case was brought before him to judge. I remember it well. A man dug a pit in the forest, making it wide and deep, thinking to trap something big in it to feed his family. He toiled and labored all day, and the sweat washed him and his muscles grew heavy with fatigue, but still he worked in expectation of success. Cunningly he hid it, covering it with branches and reeds and tufts of grass. The next day he went with great expectation for it was on a well worn animal path. He found the cover broken but the pit... empty! But there was blood and signs of butchering. Someone had stolen a fat buck that was his by rights. He tracked the animal to a hidden place where he found a family feasting on his kill.
“He went before the elders of his clan and demanded justice. The thief was dragged before the assembly of the whole clan and accused. He was a sorry man. He could scarcely walk from being lame all of his days, his limbs were wasted, his ribs showing, for he was no stranger to hunger and neither was his family.
“By clan code, he was guilty of theft and owed restitution, but the best parts of the carcass were already eaten by his hungry family. He was not hunter enough to ever replace the loss himself. Thus the elders were at a loss how to find justice. For the evidence clearly spoke against him, but they did not want to condemn such a disadvantaged person and banish him from the clan as the code required. So they were greatly relieved to dump the problem in Bogan’s lap and were curious how so great a man would solve this.
“It did not take Bogan long to decide; he addressed them all, ‘It is true that the deer was stolen and belongs by rights to the man who dug the pit, for the reward should favor the one who toiled to gain it. But it is also true that you should not suffer your neighbor to hunger as this man and his family had. So he also had a right to the meat by dint of his need. Now it seems to me he had already eaten his portion, so what is left, its owner can claim.’ Then he dragged the remains to the man whose pit it was. ‘I award you the carcass, the head, the tail, and all the feet. Go take it and be thankful that you are whole and can hunt and trap at will without limping. Tomorrow your trap will fill again. So let your anger go my friend. And remember those who hunger and always share your bounty.’
“He then turned to the lame man. ‘Hunger sometimes makes us forget we are men. And when the family goes hungry, there is no code that can prevent a man from feeding his family, by whatever means. Go then, you are free of any guilt. Your great need has justified your act as it filled your stomach.’
“Then Bogan turned on the rest. ‘Are you not clan together? Are you not one? How is it that when one of you hurts you will not succour him? How is it that the eyes see need but turn blind to it? Will you wait until you too feel the hunger? Who will help you then?’ So he shamed them that the guilt of the man was really theirs for they had not helped where help was needed.” Saasha smiled as he had years ago, a smile of triumph.
“How did the Omaanis accepted his judgement?” Chaiko asked.
“How could they argue against it? The man’s children stood in front of them. Bellies distended, on spider legs, ribs all showing. Big eyes still full of hunger even though they had just eaten themselves full. Some just recognised the truth of what Bogan said, while the shallow turned their eyes away from it as they were wont to do. But I like to think that in all the years, the man was never hungry again.”
Chaiko nodded and quoted Bogan, “Sharing makes you people.” It was exciting to learn of the actual event that had produced that moral. Very often only the saying survived, shrunk down to a terse statement, the rest lost as too complicated to tell or to remember. Yet to properly understand the context, what was said needed to be known.
Saasha recounted more such episodes, his voice growing strong with pride as he recalled the days of his life when he too was strong and vital. Chaiko listened mesmerized. He felt close to Saasha; they were now linked by Bogan. The afternoon was whiled away most enjoyably for both of them. The shadows lengthened and the hum of insects grew in the air. Finally the old man said, looking at the stand of the sun, “I must go now...”
They gathered up their fish, each with nearly a dozen. Chaiko worried about the weight the old man had to carry, but the other reassured him, “For a short distance this old body can still carry a load.”
They walked back in comfortable silence, Chaiko full with what he had learned and Saasha with the pride of having been listened to... then their paths diverged. They shook hands in the fashion of men who knew each other, said their goodbyes, then went their separate ways. Saasha looked back at him one more time and mumbled, “Yes, I know of you, Chaiko of the Standing-Rock Clan... more than you realize...”

Chapter 10
The festivities continued unabated. Everybody was looking around curiously, always coming upon something interesting. There were activities for all interests and age groups. And when a suitable entertainment could not be found, people tended to make up their own.
A group of young men, all about twelve to fourteen, got tired of wrestling with one another on a grassy meadow by the lake. All of them showed bruises where they had been hit or grabbed vigorously and slammed to the ground. They were tired and sweaty from their exertions but the competitive spirit was still strong. A Blackfoot had just come back from the cane field, having relieved himself. He made a great show of how much better he felt for it. A Dorgay looked him over with open disdain and said he could piss farther than any Blackfoot on any day. The Blackfoot then said too bad that he had just emptied his bladder, otherwise he would gladly accommodate him or any Dorgay.
“Let not an empty bladder hold us back,” the Dorgay said taking a swig from a water-skin, and spitting a focused jet of water into the distance. “I could pee about twice as far as I can spit.”
The Blackfoot took a long drink from the bag and he too spit a long stream of water a very creditable distance. Then everyone was clamoring to join in the contest, and one after the other each took turns at spitting.
A Sharp-Owl boy came by and regarded the activity for a while before he hazarded to ask a Pelican-Sands youth what were they all doing.
“It is a pissing contest,” came the reply, and the youth then broke into hoots of laughter at the boy’s astonishment. Finally, after several heats, the Dorgay who had started it all was given the honor of being the Pissing-Chief.
The girls went about their tests of skills with a little more decorum. There was a braiding contest to test who could braid a twist of grass the fastest, and a weaving contest for design and strength. Testing for strength was easy; a weave was suspended and rocks were piled on until the weave finally broke to spill its rocks. The one that could hold the most weight was considered the winner. An Omaani girl took top honors in that contest.
Judging designs woven into grass weave was a trickier proposition. There were a great many submissions, as every girl hoped to win some prize. But the judges themselves got into disagreements about the finer points of design and relative aesthetic qualities. Discussion often became heated and it was not uncommon that stately matrons of reputation ended up in a hair-pulling contest. Who claimed that girls’ and women’s events were less competitive? They involved less sweat perhaps, but were no less driven by ambition.
For the younger boys there was a stone throwing competition, rock climbing, pole climbing, jumping for height or distance. The favorite of course was a deep pit of mud that had to be crossed as the jumping off point was placed successively further and further away till all except the winner had landed in the smelly muck. This always drew a huge crowd as it was very funny to eventually see every boy come a hair short, totter on the brink with arms desperately flailing away, then fall full length back into the ooze. The hapless victim would then flounder about and sheepishly clamber out with his exterior like his reputation covered with mud. Roars would follow each jump which then changed to applause or laughter, depending.
Chaiko was looking for the new l’bow event supposedly to be held beyond the basket weaving place. So far he had found many baskets, but there was no venue to shoot a Falcon anywhere. He looked around undecided, and could see nobody who would likely know where things were. Just then Ushi passed by, arguing with a comely young woman. “What are you doing here shaman?” Ushi called out, a little too cheerfully perhaps. Chaiko threw a quick glance at the girl and found her very pretty, especially her rosy cheeks and the definition of her mouth, but they had obviously been arguing.
“I am looking for the Falcon shooting contest.”
Ushi chortled loudly. “That is beyond the grass weaving place on the other side of the camp.” And then he gave the shaman more detailed directions.
Chaiko hurried off, annoyed that he had not listened more closely this morning when Cosh gave him directions. Sure there was a difference between basket weaving and grass weaving, but the mind could be easily distracted from one to the other.
He found the place exactly as stated beside the grass weavers. Unaccountably, he still felt slighted as if it had been deliberately intended to mislead him. This thought was so strange that it immediately aroused his curiosity. Where had it come from? With some difficulty, he was able to lead it back to the vague unease he had felt all along about Corrigan and being a guest in his home territory. He did not trust the man, but did not know what to do about it. He shook the feeling off; he was here to see a contest.
Surveying the field, he found to his surprise that almost all the contestants were young men. The older generation seemed not to be represented at all. Was it that the younger men had made Falcon, or l’bow, their weapon of choice? Certainly the older generation embraced change less enthusiastically than the young, but still he had expected greater participation from all hunters, regardless of age. Or was it the competition itself? The young men sought it out to prove themselves and achieve a reputation. Older hunters did not need to; their reputations had already been made. This also bore some thinking about.
The contest had already started, the rules doubtless explained beforehand. Talon after talon was loosed, sent on its way toward a target of deer skin filled with sand, marked with a red spot. Already the skin was in tatters near the mark, weeping sand with each hit. Soon a new target would have to be erected. The accuracy he was observing was amazing. Talon after talon hit the target, spilling more sand.
Chaiko watched them all, as one by one they pulled and released in a single smooth motion. It seemed to him that there was no thought behind it, no wishing the talon on its way. Instead was just a narrow focus of intent, the rest appearing almost casual, even offhand. Perhaps they never thought of missing, they were so full of confidence. Chaiko envied them such ease, to them it all seemed so understood, so beyond questioning. Chaiko, the creator of the thing, was still full of questions, still puzzled by the weapon’s mystery. But to these young men it was already part of their world, wood bent to obey, talon commanded to fly, to seek and find its target.
Perhaps he had his answer in their attitude. The older generation was still beset by doubts; to them the weapon was still an instrument of mystery, perhaps even of magic, not quite trustworthy yet. Should he devise some incantation to counteract this superstition, to help ease the doubters into a mastery of such a weapon? But, he concluded, Falcon belonged to those committed to use it, as these young men in front of him.
Quite a number of rounds had been shot, and the targets had to be renewed a few times. A favorite emerged: Archer, a Sharp-Owl, was clearly in the lead, with a Dorgay, Arro, not that far behind. The rest were good, but did not have the consistency of these two. Chaiko was glad he did not have to shoot against this field. He hated to think what a low rank he would achieve.
The contest ended, with Archer first, Arro second and a Black-Pearl third. The rest surrounded the top three and congratulated them wholeheartedly. Each vowed to be the best the next time, four years hence. Archer, as the victor, accepted a decorated quiver painted in rare scarlet, full of talons and brandished it high in the air, hooting the cry of exuberance as the Sharp-Owls were prone to do. Second and third got talons in less decorated quivers.
“There is none better than Archer,” Arro declared graciously. “Hence we should name the best, Archer, in honor of his skill.”
The contestants were slow to disperse, sensing that though they belonged to different clans, they were closer to each other in the sense of comradeship and purpose than to their neighbors back home. They were thus loath to scatter. They lovingly examined each other’s weapons and talked passionately about their qualities. Chaiko walked among them and recognized a few that he had made. It was then that a Lesser-Bear-Claw recognized him and started whispering to the others who he was. The whole lot of them then started following Chaiko around till he had to turn to acknowledge them.
“Master,” one said, “tell us how you discovered the secret of the curved wood.”
Chaiko thought, then passed on a lesson Baer had taught him long ago: “When you look at a star, look not directly at it but beside it. And then you will see it twinkling.” He smiled at them all. “So it was with Falcon, I mean l’bow: I was looking beside it, working on something else, when I first saw it and realized its power.” He left it at that, but it was enough of an explanation to satisfy them as they too needed to retain some mystery. Certainly that day another legend was added about the shaman of the Standing-Rock Clan. Many who listened to him took the feeling of awe back home with them and wove it into their descriptions of the man who invented l’bow.
Then Chaiko added, “I might have made the first l’bow, and was the first to send a talon on its way, but today you have proven your mastery of the weapon and now it belongs to you. Some day they will still talk of Archer and Arro, and will remember their names long after they have forgotten me.”
There was a stirring of protest among them, but the shaman’s praise felt good, nonetheless. After that they dispersed for they could think of nothing greater of value to say or to share.
Chaiko too, drifted on, finding himself next in the midst of an argument. Two men were bartering but could not agree on the exchange. Both undervalued the other’s offering and both wanted Chaiko, a likely passer-by to arbitrate.
“Look, Sir, at this fine staff, solid and hard all through its length. Note how well it fits the hand and how well it is balanced. Just the right weight, well fit to any man’s stride.”
Chaiko examined the staff, made of a slow-growth, dense wood that he could not even nick with his fingernails. The heft of the rod felt good in his hands. “A fine piece indeed,” he pronounced and gave the staff back to its owner.
The man complained, “He wants to trade for such an item of quality a moth-eaten travelling bag...”
“It is not moth-eaten!” the other protested vehemently. “The holes are there to ventilate the bag to keep mould from rooting there. Here sir, see and assure for yourself what fine quality workmanship it has...” He gave the bag to Chaiko. The bag was indeed of good workmanship, with neat, tidy laces, tight all around, all the pieces matched and fitted to one another.
“A fine bag, Sir,” Chaiko replied, “of superior quality.” He gave the bag back.
“But he only wants to offer his staff. Something he probably found cast off in the woods, whereas this bag was the work of my mate’s mother.”
“And the staff was given to me by my mate’s parents and I am only willing to trade it because my son gave me a new one, better suited to my stride as I grow old. But I will not let it go for some chewed over skin...” The other man could only open and close his mouth in indignation.
Chaiko looked from one to the other, realizing that both wanted the other’s item, but were afraid of being taken advantage of. He rubbed his chin in pretence of great deliberation while the others looked at him hopefully.
“I’ll tell you what,” Chaiko started, “I will give you this necklace of boar tusks and bear claws, of great value to me as they nearly cost my life, for you to hold for your staff.” He then effected the exchange, turned to the other man and likewise offered his flute. “This flute once stopped a war and is of great value to one who knows how to blow it. Hold it for surety for your travelling bag.” Again he made the exchange.
Then he smoothly turned to the first man, offering him the bag in exchange for the necklace. Without much thinking the items again changed hands. Chaiko then traded his flute back for the walking staff with the other man, and praised them both for what an astute trade they had made. So Chaiko had his own stuff back, while the other two went their way with new items of value, satisfied that they must have made a good deal, for the exchange was much too complicated to think about for very long.
Chaiko puzzled through the transaction himself, thinking how useful it would be to have some agreed upon item of value to balance out trades. It was often hard to find things of equal value. In this case it had not been value that was the stumbling block, but the feelings associated with the items themselves. Both felt fond of the old items, somehow as trusted companions, while not having any feelings or relationship yet with the new.
Chaiko found himself blocked by a crowd of onlookers watching a man juggling six sticks in the air. His hand was an impossible blur of motion as he plucked the sticks out of the air and tossed them up again. The sticks seemed to have a life of their own as they obediently arched through the air.
Someone touched his shoulder and on turning, he found Ushi there with a downcast expression on his face. “She wants me to be her mate and won’t settle for anything less, no matter how much I talk or reason.” He made a face. “She is withholding her favors until I agree...”
“My advice to you is to find yourself a good woman to mate so you won’t grow old alone,” Chaiko replied, turning back to the juggling act.
Ushi muttered, “They are all good and that is the trouble... One is just as good as the last... or the next.”
Another person joined the first and the sticks flew between them, making a strange whirring sound through the air. A girl tossed another one into the flow and there were six then seven and eight sticks flying through the air. An amazing performance, all agreed.
Later that day, the Council of Shamans was a tense, uncomfortable affair. Corrigan was still furious at the continued perversion of his aim toward unanimous adulation. Instead of basking in the glory of this grand event, and accepting homage from the assembled, it seemed more and more that he was becoming the butt of all their ridicule and criticism. He was irritable and short, much to the detriment of a personal grievance case involving a man laying a complaint against his leadership. The Council was the final arbiter of all such disputes, but this day was the wrong day to seek justice from it. Corrigan interrupted the man halfway through and curtly dismissed the case. “Stop whining,” he told the man and berated him for taking up the Council’s time with such trivialities.
The next petition also received a short hearing. “Frivolous,” Corrigan shouted the petitioner down, “Dismissed!” And the next case suffered even worse, drawing Corrigan’s ire, evoking a long tirade on justice. It seemed that Corrigan was venting all his pent-up fury and frustration on these individuals. Seeing his mood, the next three supplicants quickly withdrew their suits. The Council stirred, restless. They had not been consulted once.
The last case before them, however, could not be lightly postponed. It concerned a dispute between two neighboring clans sharing the same resources. The Dakars were complaining that the Sharongs were overfishing to such an extent that the pools joined by the river were nearly empty of fish.
“Not long ago a man needed only to drop a line into the water and hardly was there time enough for a thought to pass ere the fish were nibbling on the line fighting over the bait. Fish after fish were pulled from the water and a man would be done fishing before the shadows took but half a step. He would have enough fish for his entire family, enough even to share with his friends.” Then his tone changed to sadness. “Now, a man fishes all day, and pulls but a few fish from the waters. Often not even enough to feed the family. One recites his whole generations over and over, waiting for a few paltry fish. And why?” his voice turned into an accusation. “Up and down the rivers and creeks there are Sharong nets pulling all the fish from the waters. They dredge the mud of the pools and only a few fish escape their nets. Big fish, small fish they take, depleting the stocks. What will we fish tomorrow? What will we fish next year?”
Corrigan held up his hands imperiously. He didn’t like the man’s pathos. “Let’s hear now from the other side.”
The Sharong stood, a balding man with a sincere face. “What my neighbor says is sadly true. We fish the river, streams and pools. Dipping our nets in every water for our needs are great and our people are hungry.” He looked around at the Council, a proud man forced to plead his case this way. “A blight has fallen on our land and its shadow stalks our forests and fields. Our animals are dying of some dread disease. Mucus fills their eyes and they stagger about half-blind and their tongues swell and they suffocate. We find their spoiled carcasses everywhere. No wounds on them, for it is an evil spirit that hunts them down to death and other animals that eat of their flesh also die of the same disease. The wolves, the fox die in their lair, and even the vultures fall out of the sky. There is a stink of pestilence in the forest air, and we dare not go in there.” The man paused, shuddering with revulsion at the memory.
“We dare not hunt, we dare not eat flesh of any kind. So we fish, because we are hungry. We pull fish from the waters, because our people are hungry. We catch fish because our children are hungry and our old people have not eaten for days. We fish because we must.” The man looked around, daring anyone to challenge his people’s need.
Corrigan held up his hand again. “I have heard enough to render a judgement.”
Words of protest rose to Chaiko’s mouth but before he could utter them Tomakon said in a calm, clear voice, “But I have not. Our esteemed Head-Shaman is a very astute man, but I have grown slow in my old age and would hear more of this matter.” The rest of the Council murmured its assent.
Corrigan’s eyes narrowed as he turned on the old man. Briefly they traded looks, Tomakon’s eyes calm but determined, Corrigan’s blazing with displeasure. But then Corrigan’s expression changed to one of relish; it was good to see some life yet in this dead body of a Council, so he could stomp on it once more and teach it its place. Things were a bit too boring without some opposition. He looked at each face, counting from their cast the number for and against. He smiled thinly, and hissed toward Tomakon, “As you wish then, proceed.”
Tomakon asked the Dakar what he had to add. The man said with quiet dignity, “We are aware of our brother’s difficulty, and fear that the blight might spread to our lands. We are thus watching all river crossings not to allow any animal to cross. We left a contingent behind for just such a purpose.”
“And what have you done to help your brothers?” Tomakon probed.
“We have given them meat from our stores, both smoked and salted. And we have given them daily fresh meat, as much as we could spare. We have done this now for two moons and shall do as long as the need exists and we are able to meet it.”
“It seems that you have done well,” Tomakon said to the Dakar, then he turned to the other, his eyebrows questioning.
“It is true, just as he said. They have been more than generous and we are grateful to them. Unfortunately, it is not nearly enough and hunger grows daily in our bellies but we do not like to ask for more. Begged food has a bitter taste. We are a proud clan and are reluctant to accept what we have not earned. But we also cannot watch our children suffer, our womenfolk grow weak, and our old people waste away. So we fish, even if it is the last fish. We must fish to feed the hunger that will not go away.”
So it went back and forth, a description of a growing tragedy that had brought a strong, proud people to its knees. Questions were raised and the answers came back, uncomfortable. Corrigan, seeing which way the wind was blowing, roused himself and rose to take command of this sitting. He spoke with clear determination, “Are we not one people? To share bad times as well as the good? If my brother is hungry I am hungry too! Thus Bogan taught us, and commanded us to share, so share we shall!” It was rare to hear Corrigan speak of Bogan. “Sharing is an act of many hands. So, in the name of this great Council, I call upon all the clans to share of their bounty. As long as I have things to eat, my brother shall not go hungry!” His face glowed with passion, and to his own surprise, he felt some stirrings within himself too. He turned to the Sharong and admonished him, “This thing has come upon your land, you did not invite it to devastate your land, nor have you been lazy or guilty by some great transgression to earn this curse. You must not be too proud now to accept the help that is offered. You must be generous and allow us to do what we must.” Then he turned to the crowd and proclaimed with a ringing voice, “All clans are ordered to organize relief according to their ability. Consult with the Sharong and ask what you might give to ease their suffering. So it is said today in your ears, so it may be done tomorrow.” Corrigan sat down, overcome by his own oratory. The rest nodded in approval; this time he had read the mood of the Council and people right. The delegations withdrew and the Council was dismissed.
“Now that is how Corrigan used to be,” Tomakon said to Chaiko as the two lingered afterwards, “before too much self-importance distracted him.” Chaiko nodded, happy enough to give every benefit of doubt to the man. “Still,” Tomakon continued warningly, “never trust a poisonous snake, especially one that tries to disguise itself as a harmless worm.”
“Why do you say this to me?” Chaiko asked puzzled; “You were the one who jumped in his face today.”
“Yes,” admitted the other readily, “but only to forestall you from jumping.” He laughed, “You might have landed on him, whereas I only jumped into his view.” Then he turned serious again, “Be careful, I saw him counting faces. He never forgets or forgives a slight.”
Chaiko nodded; he remembered dealing with the man who was relentless, but could be withstood as long as one stood firm. “We might have other problems, bigger even than Corrigan.”
“Bigger?” Tomakon sounded sceptical.
“This blight that is eating Sharong might cross the river and infect other lands. What must we do to stem such an invasion?” He shuddered, remembering the sickness that had swept through the Ekulan. “Last year, I experienced an outbreak the likes of which I never want to see again...”
“Yes, so we heard. A terrible disease that over the years has decimated our numbers. It was great news to hear that you found a cure for it and made it known to all the clans. That might be the greatest thing you have done or will ever do, and generations after you will owe you their lives.” Tomakon gazed into the distance, perhaps looking into the past. “We should be thanking you today and daily, I suppose... but you will find human memory to be short, and gratitude, alas, even shorter.”
“I did not do it for gratitude,” Chaiko said gruffly, for the topic stirred up within him the utter helplessness he had felt at the time.
“No, I suppose not,” Tomakon said, getting up wearily. “Someday you must tell me all about it, but not today, for today I am tired.” He turned back once and said, “But I knew you had it in you.” Then went on his way, leaving Chaiko rooted on the spot. Those were the very same words his mother had used.
Chaiko was thoughtful when he arrived at his site. He had seen more than he expected and the day had been full. Dawn brought him some dried fruit and a few green nuts to eat. Seeing him preoccupied, she made sympathetic and encouraging sounds. Responding to her concerned looks, he said, “I witnessed a snake show some heart yet must remind myself that it is still a snake.” Her face clouded with sudden worry at these words. He laughed, “I know, I know. Have the harmony of a duck...” and he laughed harder. She did not know whether to laugh with him or be angry at him for making fun of her duck, a very brave and constant animal, yet harmless in fitting into its world. Like the good mate she was, she chose to smile, glad enough that the worry was gone from his eyes.

Chapter 11
Despondent over his general lack of progress in all areas he had set for himself, particularly in learning about spirit power, Chaiko found himself in a foul mood. He tried hard not to expose his family to his annoyance over even minor things and mishaps, but was only partially successful. Dawn grew careful around him and kept the kids away. But most of all, Chaiko was tired of looking at all the faces of the teeming crowds he was constantly surrounded with. Everywhere he looked there were people and his eyes recoiled from one strange face to another. Ushi suggested they try hunting, just the two of them and earned a grateful look from Dawn.
“It will be good to stretch our legs,” the trader said with a humorous twinkle in his eyes. The shaman looked at him with an over-controlled blank expression that warned Ushi not to push too far.
“I have to help Dawn with the children,” Chaiko procrastinated.
“Go, go,” Dawn urged him, so reluctantly Chaiko found himself in the company of Ushi heading north out of camp. They followed a well trodden path that led them past waving cane fields and vegetation choked ponds. The ground was soft in places and the wooden leg sank quite a few times into its spongy consistency. They startled a few birds into flight, that exploded out of cover with heavy, noisy wing beats. A pair of small birds turned and attacked them vociferously until they passed the vicinity of their nest. There was always something rustling in the grass or cane, when making one’s cautious way in the dense undergrowth.
“Where to?” Chaiko asked moodily.
Ushi shrugged his shoulders. “We could try for a small hill to the north. We are sure to find rabbits there and if we are lucky maybe even a deer.”
“Ah yes, rabbits,” Chaiko sighed without much enthusiasm; he had had his fill of rabbits already. In the present circumstance they were only a short step above fish.
“What is with you?” Ushi finally asked. “It is a beautiful morning and you are more sour than bitter-herb.”
“It’s just that... Well that’s the way it is!” Chaiko was greatly dissatisfied with himself.
After a long walk along a twisting path that skirted many ponds and marshes, they finally reached the place Ushi had in mind. It was a small grassy knoll bored full of holes. Everywhere there were mounds of yellow earth, giving evidence of extensive tunnels of a rabbit warren below. Chaiko and Ushi unslung their Falcons, notched talons and stalked the hill, keeping out of sight behind a curtain of broom-grass. The hill was empty. An eagle was cruising high above, wheeling in graceful, effortless flight, its outline clear in a sparkling blue sky.
“Well that was a good idea,” Chaiko observed dryly. Ushi gave him one of his blank stares. Then they looked around for something else to do. From the slight rise of the hill there was a profusion of reed fields, and dense, green bushes with haphazard water channels snaking through at every opportunity. The water glinted grey, almost greasy. There were no trees around at all and the horizon disappeared behind waving expanses of cane and tough marsh grasses. Large dragonflies whirred by them, one chasing another. Swarms of humming insects formed dancing clouds in the air. The two humans waved and slapped their way through the worst of them. Chaiko swallowed something, and the unintended meal did nothing to improve his mood. Ushi got one up his nose, which drove him nearly crazy and finally ended up at the back of his throat. He hacked and was able to spit the invader out. He drank a generous mouthful from his waterbag.
A bird chattered nearby and the shrill complaint of a harrier hawk announced its displeasure at missing a small rodent somewhere further off. From the distance the wind brought to them the unmistakable sounds of some boys fishing, calling to each other and laughing, just far enough away for the words to be indistinct. Chaiko and Ushi followed the path drifting in that direction. You have to admire these Black-Pearls, Chaiko thought, to subsist on such a heavy diet of fish. They came upon a nest among a tuft of grass but found only broken shell fragments and down pasted solid with birdlime. As they passed by a pond, frogs jumped into the water with loud splashes. But neither had any desire for more frog legs. A host of water bugs were skimming back and forth on the surface of the water, drawing lines that intersected one another. A fish with mouth agape broke the surface and swallowed quite a few in one gulp. It then flashed away, its quick turn raising a cloud of mud from the bottom. A fetid odor wafted up into the air.
The sound of the boys was closer now, just over the next line of cattails. Ushi, coming to a fork in the path, took the one away from the sounds. A shimmering cloud of butterflies passed them and the purposeful hum of honeybees. A bird bore by them through the air chasing some insect. It landed on a cattail, adroitly balancing on a steep perch. It threw its head back and shook it from side to side to work a large winged insect past its throat. It chirped briefly, cleaned its feathers with a few nervous flicks, then jumped into the air and was away.
The sun was becoming hot, burdening the air with heavy humidity that became very uncomfortable; it was hard to breathe in the sweltering heat. There was no shade near, just a few clusters of low-slung bushes. They moved on.
Chaiko found some moose prints crossing their path, that must have been from some time ago as the impressions were full of water. They listened but could hear only the boys still, sounding carefree and boisterous. To the side, a flight of ducks lifted into the air after a laborious takeoff run across the water. Some bird complained loudly at some unseen cause.
Ushi turned, cocked an eye at Chaiko and asked, “Well? What do you want to do?” But Chaiko did not want to do anything much, so they drifted on, trying to escape the tumult of the Gathering.
Ushi found a dry spot on a hillock covered with thick grass and sank down onto it, gazing at the few striations of clouds barely moving in the depth of the sky. The eagle still soared lazily above, its wingspread gracefully side slipping into a new course. It was so easy to get lost in the endless blue, the eye finding little to focus on. Chaiko sat down and chewed mindlessly on a stalk of grass. Perhaps this was what he needed, quiet and solitude away from the many interruptions of people. Suddenly Ushi clawed himself into the air, slapping at himself and swearing, “By lightning and thunder!”
Chaiko rose in alarm. “What is it?”
“Ants! Full of damned ants!” Ushi beat at himself trying to sweep off the crawling insects. “Ouch!” He had the misfortune of lying down on top of their nest and the insects did not take kindly to his intrusion. “Ouch! Ouch! Ouch!” Chaiko was amused, not sure if the trader was hurt from the bites or the slapping he did to himself. Finally, Ushi quieted, though he had the unpleasant feeling that the ants were still swarming under his wrap. He repeatedly checked his covering fearing to find a cluster of them near his... sensitive parts. His friend’s discomfort brought a lightening to Chaiko’s mood, though he tried to hide it, sensing it was not the time to show any amusement.
“What is that?” Ushi asked unexpectedly.
“What is what?” Chaiko asked perplexed.
“Listen!” Ushi snapped and Chaiko did but heard only the boys calling to each other. Then it coursed through him like lightening that the carefree tone was gone; there was alarm and danger in the sounds that reached them. Something was seriously wrong!
“Run!” Chaiko ordered and the two of them started running as fast as they could toward the sounds of alarm. Chaiko’s wooden leg slipped several times, but he pushed himself on, trying to keep up with Ushi. The sounds were still indistinct but colored with desperation. Chaiko forced himself to take larger strides, risking skidding on the slippery soil. “Help! Help!” spurred them on. Chaiko’s lungs were gasping for air but he still forced himself on. “Help!” came from up ahead.
They burst through the last line of grass to find three boys on shore waving at a group of three in the water and further off, two more boys. There was much yelling back and forth.
“What is it??!” Ushi demanded.
A boy pointed to the water and said, “Sadar! Sadar!”
“Sadar?” Ushi then remembered the Black-Pearl name for quicksand!
“They are stuck and sinking!” The boy pointed again at the five boys stuck in the water. “Please help them!”
Ushi ran to the edge and cautiously took a half step into the dirty water. Immediately his leg sank ankle deep into the muck underneath and he had not even put his full weight on it yet. “By thundering hooves! They are trapped!” Ushi called to Chaiko, aghast.
Chaiko could see that for himself. All five boys were stuck, clear up to their stomachs and settling deeper. They were waving their arms frantically and calling for help, their eyes pleading with those on shore. “Help! Please help!” For an instant the shaman felt a resentful flash that life had once again put him to such a test. Then he cleared his mind.
“Stay calm!” he ordered, his voice commanding but without any fear. “I am shaman of Standing-Rock Clan and I order you to keep very still! Now!” The boys ceased their struggling but their eyes were wide with terror at the thing pulling at them from below. It was very hard not to struggle, not to resist the pull of the cold and slimy embrace, barely covered by water. The odor of the stirred up bottom was near nauseating. “We will get you out somehow. But stay absolutely still and let us do the work!” Chaiko looked about, his mind searching at lightning speed, but found almost nothing to help him. There were no trees around, just grasses and reeds. Ushi looked helplessly at him; he could think of nothing either. Chaiko frowned with concentration, lashing his mind for some answers. There were the five of them on shore; five of them in the water. Three closer and two further off. There was only cane near about.
Chaiko turned to Ushi. “Give me your wrap!” he ordered and ripped off his own. “All of you get undressed!” Soon he had five wraps and loincloths with which to make some kind of rope, but still much, much too short. “Get some bundles of reeds!” he yelled at the three naked boys standing around helplessly. “Now! I need it now! Move!” They ran off to pluck some reeds from their soft perch in the mud.
Chaiko turned to Ushi commanding, “Hold this tight!” thrusting a corner of a loincloth to hold taut while he held onto the other end. Then he fished a small flint from a pouch around his neck and made a circular, spiral cut, making one length out of the piece about four times the original length. Between them, they cut the other wraps and loincloths and tied the pieces together to make a reasonable length. It would still be too short, but it gave them a farther reach. Chaiko tied a stone to one end and did a practice throw and was pleased with the result. All the while he spoke reassuringly, encouraging the boys trapped in the water. Their situation was indeed desperate. In just a short time they had sunk even more, the surface now past their upper abdomen. The boys’ eyes were yellow with terror. Chaiko knew with a sinking feeling of certainty that they could not save them all. He looked from the three to the two and made a final decision: they would try to save the nearer three, because their chance of success was higher than for the two farther out. He hated the terrible arithmetic of this choice forced upon him, but there was a good chance they could lose all. Be a leader! he commanded himself and hardened his heart for the task.
The three boys returned with armfuls of reeds they threw upon shore. “More! Get more!” Chaiko said trying to smile at them encouragingly but achieving only a stiff grimace. To Ushi he said, “Use the long leaves and make tight bundles of them!” They set about and tied bundle after bundle, while the boys brought more.
There was the sound of crying from the trapped boys but Chaiko concentrated on what he could do and tied another bundle. Ushi said, “We are not going to make it,” in a quiet matter-of-fact tone, forcing any emotion out of his voice. “We will not be able to save them all.”
Chaiko nodded, not looking up, and replied, “We will save the three,” his voice was wooden too.
They had fair number of bundles piled on shore. Chaiko checked on the boys. Most were up to mid chest. One of the two farther out was already up to his neck, silently rocking his head from side to side, tears coursing down his face. The rest were sobbing, not daring to risk any movement.
One boy on shore lost his nerve. “You have to save them!” he cried and pleaded with Chaiko, “That is my friend out there.” He pointed to the one farthest out.
“We will do what we can,” Chaiko said with forced calmness. “You do your part and get some more reeds and make bundles.” Mesmerized by the drama the boy did not move, staring desperately at his friend. “NOW!” Chaiko yelled and the three boys ran off again.
Chaiko and Ushi then took the bundles, laid them on the water and stepped on them to push them firmly onto the mud bottom. They laid more next to them, then two crosswise. The shaman gingerly tested the footing: it yielded but a lot slower and gave them some time before the bundles would be swallowed entirely. Chaiko took in his hand the coil of the rope he had made.
“Ushi, I will go out on this and get as close to them as I can,” he said almost conversationally.
“You can’t!” Ushi protested. “The whole thing will sink and you with it!”
“Not until we get some of them out.”
“There w-will not b-be enough time!” Ushi stammered in his urgency. Chaiko’s safety was his responsibility.
“Then you have to keep adding to it to give me more time, won’t you?” Chaiko stated flatly. Ushi saw his face and knowing better than to waste time arguing, he simply nodded, his heart very heavy.
“Bring more cane,” Ushi commanded the boys, “Hurry!” Then he turned to Chaiko and said, “Let me do it then. Let me go out there!”
Chaiko shook his head and said simply, “You are heavier than me.”
Chaiko waded into the water and crawled onto the bundles they had laid. The reed pack yielded a little under his weight but held him out of the sucking mud. Carefully he moved out to the end, then he threw the rope they had made to the nearest boy. He missed the first grab and his movement caused him to sink a little more. His breath froze and he nearly refused to move for the second cast that landed near him. Then he grasped the rope in a tight grip, hanging on for life. Chaiko pulled the rope taut, then started to pull the weight of the boy, carefully increasing his pull gradually not to overload the bridge beneath him. As it was, the reeds settled deeper into the muck. From behind Ushi set a new bundle for Chaiko in a desperate race against the inexorable sucking of the bottomless mud.
“Chaiko,” Ushi called, pleading with him and also warning him.
“Get more reeds,” Chaiko hissed at him through gritted teeth; he was not going to let go and neither was the boy. It is not going to work, it crossed his mind, but then he banished the thought. “Make it work!” and he pulled harder, feeling the reeds settle under him and the watery surface lap at him mid-thigh.
“More reeds!” Ushi yelled almost beside himself, and the three boys kept racing back and forth with armfuls of the stalks, driven by their terror. In desperate haste Ushi made bundles and cast them for Chaiko to push into the mud to give him more buoyancy and gain a few more minutes. “More reeds!”
Ever so slowly the boy started to pull out of the muck, the mud releasing him most reluctantly. Chaiko’s face was contorted with effort, but the others could not help him; as it was he was holding the very end of the rope. The other boys trapped in the mud were yelling encouragement at the rescue effort; they could not be rescued until the boy on the rope was free. As the mud finally let go, the panic-stricken boy tried to stand and run to shore but the mud started claiming him again.
“Lie on the water, damn you! Don’t stand up! I will pull you to safety.” Perhaps the word safety reached the boy for he quieted and Chaiko pulled him toward the shore. Tired, he tossed his free end to Ushi who pulled the boy out of the water the rest of the way onto shore, where he lay panting and trembling with fear and exhaustion.
Chaiko looked at the others. They had all settled in a little deeper. How much time did he have? He calculated and it did not look good. One boy was up to his neck, his eyes terror-filled. Chaiko looked at him with great sadness and compassion. There was not a thing he could do. Helpless he spread his hands to the boy, who saw the gestures and mouthed to him, please save my brother. Which was his brother? Chaiko despaired, not the one farther out, there was nothing he could do for him either; he was too far away, unreachable in the short time they had left.
“Pass me the rope!” he yelled to Ushi, who instantly complied. Chaiko swung the rope, let go of one end and the weight of stone carried it to the next boy. The boy glommed onto it and soon Chaiko was again straining to pull him out of the mud. But the bottom resisted and would not let the boy go, who was being stretched between the desperate pull and the clammy cold restraint that encased his lower body. Nearly exhausted the boy lost his grip on the rope, nearly pitching Chaiko backward into the water. The shaman steadied himself; he too was now half under water. He jammed a reed bundle under himself and stretched out again. He coiled the rope and threw it again near the boy. He sent an urgent good-wish and marshaled his strength. Damn, you are a shaman, do this! The boy reached out and took hold of the rope with feeble hands. Chaiko wished at him again, narrowing all his concentration.
“Your mother will die of sadness if you die here.” He forced his mind to paint pictures of the consequences and aimed them at the boy, “Your father will lose all his joy unless you help me save you. Wrap the rope around your hand, I will do the rest!” The boy roused himself and wrapped the hand as instructed. And Chaiko pulled and pulled until his joints cracked. He did not have much strength left. But it was just enough to start the boy imperceptibly moving toward the shore. Bearing the weight of both of them and good quantities of mud, Chaiko was also settling deeper and he could feel the clammy touch of the muck on the bottom. The layers of reeds had disappeared under his weight. Ushi threw two more bundles in front of him which Chaiko somehow wedged under himself. He steadied just enough to pull the boy within reach. He cast the rope back for Ushi to fish out the second boy. Half crawling, Chaiko worked himself back on shore and together they laid fresh bundles, trampling them into the mud.
The situation on the water had worsened. The red-haired boy had his head tilted back and the water was lapping around his lips. They watched helpless but there was absolutely nothing they could do. Frantic, one of the boys almost charged into the muck and Ushi had to forcibly restrain him.
The end came mercifully swiftly; the water flooded his mouth and the air exploded out of it as he desperately tried to cough the water out of his lungs. The surface closed over him, bubbling with escaping air. A hand appeared briefly, to sink back and the water smoothed out, calm again. Evil calm.
They had all watched this horrible drama, uttering protests of great distress but they could do nothing to stop it. The three remaining boys were yelling anew, their terror increased by the horror of their friend and playmate gone.
Chaiko recovered, and yelled at the boys on shore, “More reeds! NOW!” Tired as they all were, the boys ran, Ushi with them. Two of the rescued boys forced themselves up to help. Chaiko laid a new layer of reeds, as he crabbed out to the end. The reeds yielded beneath him and he was partially in the water again. Only the nearest boy’s head was above water, and a bit of his shoulders. There was resignation on his face as if he had already given up. The boy farther out was in about the same situation but his eyes blazed with anger.
Chaiko looked at the angry boy, knowing he would not be able to get to him in time. “Son, I wish I could help you but I can’t. You are going to die and your friend here will die with you unless I can get him to help me. I need you to help me save him. Do you understand?” Chaiko was beyond pity as he watched with a focused intensity while the boy digested the words. The anger receded, replaced by the momentary confusion of pain and despair that hardened into determination.
“What is it you want from me, shaman?” The voice was deadly flat.
“You know him. Talk him into taking the rope I throw him and have him wrap it around his arm. He will listen to you.” Chaiko was all business, his wish-thoughts strong and aimed. Take the rope!
The boy gathered himself, and as the last act of his short life, he focused on his friend. “Kayto, listen to me. Take the rope and wrap your hand in it. The man will pull you to safety.” The boy turned his head toward the sound but his face remained slack, uncomprehending. Chaiko threw the rope and although it landed within easy reach of the boy, he made no move for it. It lay on the surface, not yet waterlogged.
“Kayto! Listen to me! Take the rope! Wrap it around your hand! Do this for me!” There was so much urgency in the plea… but Kayto just blinked, confused.
“Talk to him. Tell him something you two shared,” Chaiko instructed.
“Kayto remember how we went picking blueberries and were surprised by a bear. Remember how we ran away as he chased after us and pretty near caught us. Remember how good it felt afterwards? To laugh with great relief? To dare to live after that?” His voice broke there, but he quickly gathered himself. “Kayto I am dying here. I need you to do this thing for me. Please save yourself. All you need to do is to reach out and grab the rope. Please!”
The arm moved a little, then tentatively it reached out for the rope, but paused not knowing what to do with it.
“Wrap it around your hand, Kayto. Wrap it around your hand!” Slowly the boy did as he was told.
Casting off all caution, Chaiko pulled with all his strength. The reeds swayed dangerously beneath him. The boy groaned as he was stretched in this horrible tug of war. The bundles settled deeper under Chaiko and water lapped at him, but still he pulled. “More reeds!” Ushi was piling all they had and he was crying for more reeds. It seemed that because the boy wasn’t fighting it, the mud let go much more easily. A good thing, for Chaiko was settling deeper in the water, and only his head was above it now. He pulled, every muscle of his body straining with the effort. Agonizingly slowly the boy was pulled free, and Chaiko hurried it, pulling even as his mouth sank beneath the surface. He filled his lungs before his nose was covered completely, leaving only his eyes above to see the boy coming nearer. On one breath he desperately hauled in the boy and with his lungs bursting, passed him back. Then Ushi was beside him, adding more reeds underfoot, helping to pull. It was a race, a dangerous race. The three of them could easily perish within reach of the shore. Ushi then threw the rope to the boys on shore and they pulled their friend to safety the rest of the way. Ushi seized Chaiko by the hair and lifted his head out of the water. Chaiko sputtered, trying to draw in air and at the same time cough up the water he had swallowed. Ushi threw himself toward shore, dragging the shaman after him. There was just enough buoyancy left in the reeds to help them reach shore.
Safe on firm ground, they turned to look at the last boy still in the water, chin now resting on the surface. “What’s his name?” Chaiko asked softly.
“Boyar,” one of the boys said, his voice trembling.
“Thank you Boyar. You did a very brave thing. Kayto will remember and every time I think of courage I will think of you.” The boy simply nodded; what was there left to say? Not enough time for anything. A cloud passed across his face, sadness and regret perhaps. In his short life, what could he have to be regretful about? Chaiko, overcome with emotions, asked himself stupidly. For the life he did not have! Filled with grief they watched as Boyar settled into the murky water.
Naked and dirty the seven of them cried. Chaiko was beating his chest with his fist, grieving to lose so much courage. Great sobs racked him as he berated himself, I should have been able to save them all. You who think yourself so smart and wise, why did you not save them all? He collapsed and buried his head in his arms, inconsolable. You chose three to save and you chose two to die! But who gave you the right to make such choices? Poor Boyar! Poor... he did not even know the other boy’s name. His whole frame shook as convulsion after convulsion hit him. His whole insides were churned up, quaking. “No!” This will not end here! No! Not like this! But how could he stop it? There had to be a way. Bogan help me! his soul cried, his eyes desperately roving over the shore but finding only reeds. Well, then reeds it will have to be, the thought came into his mind.
“Quick, Ushi, make bundles again! Hurry!” Ushi looked at him uncomprehending. They did not have the time to build a bridge all the way out there, could Chaiko not see that? But Chaiko kicked him with the wooden leg. “Damn it! Do as I say!” To the boys he yelled, “More reeds!” Feverishly he made a tight bundle, secured with cane fronds. Why had he not thought of this sooner? It might just work.
Chaiko picked up the bundle, went out on the reed bridge as far as he dared then threw the bundle to Boyar. “Hold onto it!” The boy reached out carefully, grabbed the bundle and held it tight. Ushi passed him a new bundle and this too Chaiko threw out to the boy. Then another and Boyar had three to hold onto.
“I think that will hold him up a while. At least keep him from sinking further.”
Ushi tested the buoyancy of the reeds; they were green but still had quite a lift. But now what? The boy could not pull himself from the mud without some assistance.
“More reeds!” Chaiko yelled. “More reeds!”
Exhausted as they were the six boys obeyed, running naked to pluck more. Chaiko made more tight batches of reeds, then tied the bundles together. “We will make a raft,” he explained to Ushi. The trader had to think about it, visualize a raft big enough to take a person out, big enough to bear the weight of the boy and the resistance of the mud. It might work; for the first time he had a glimmer of hope. Leave it to the shaman to come up with these ideas when needed.
On the water, Boyar was calm. He had been so ready to die, but now, he too saw a slim chance. He held onto the reed bundles firmly and gingerly he moved his legs to work some space for them. The mud resisted all his efforts. Still he pulled himself up, the reeds sinking lower in the water giving him more lift. Patiently he worked at it, carefully pushing down on the reeds, pulling up with his legs. Painfully slowly, the mud yielded to his stubborn tugs, a finger width at a time to a whole hand breath. Boyar looked up and saw this strange contraption of reeds right next to him and the shaman atop reaching for him.
Chaiko dangled the rope, then fumbling underwater looped it around the boy’s chest, awkwardly getting around the bundles the boy held onto. Then Chaiko pulled, the raft swaying under him. The more they pulled the more the mud resisted, and at times Boyar slipped back half the distance so laboriously won. Both were tiring fast. Then another raft joined them and Ushi was there, lending fresh strength to the effort. “Pull,” Chaiko called and they all worked together winning another finger width. Unbelievably the boy came out of the water, a little at a time, the determination of the men fighting the intent that lurked below. “You shall not have him!” Chaiko aimed an exulting thought at the murkiness. “You shall not have him indeed.” It still took some time to wrestle Boyar free of the muck, to pull him onto the rafts and lay him panting and retching from the spent effort. The shaman and the trader then paddled with their hands to shore, keeping the rafts close together.
They were overrun by the boys on shore who grabbed Boyar and carried him away from the bog. They caressed him, unmindful of the foul smelling slime that still coated him.
Chaiko collapsed on shore. Tired, exhausted, spent, the reaction swept over him. His body shook and his limbs trembled. Convulsive sobs welled up and he could not catch his breath. Why did you not think of this sooner? You could have saved the other boy. And you call yourself a shaman??!
Ushi who knew what was troubling Chaiko, put an arm around him and tried to comfort him. “You did your best. Your very best. There was nothing else that could have been done.”
“But there w-was… and we h-have just proven it.”
“You did what you had to. Told us what to do. Made the hard decisions a leader must.” Then he shook the shaman harshly, his voice turning hard. “Don’t you realize what a miracle you have achieved, saving the four?”
“I will always remember the one I lost,” Chaiko said tiredly, “though I will be greatly thankful for the ones we saved.” He looked at a smooth spot on the water, hiding so much treachery under its calm surface. A young life gone.
The others were too busy celebrating the victory just won, to be sharing this grief. One of them ran back to camp to summon help.
In time some men arrived, and were told of the tragedy. They supported and led the group of naked boys and men back, shielding them from curious eyes. The news of this calamity soon flashed through the camp, and tearful women rose to watch the sad procession and morose men stood in awkward silence. Someplace in camp, the anguished cry of stricken parents rent the air, and Chaiko could hear their cry all night.
In the darkness, when he no longer had to be manly, Dawn held him, cradled his head in her lap and rocked him back and forth, humming a sad, sad melody.

Chapter 12
The next day Chaiko wanted to know nothing of the world, nothing of the morning sunshine, nothing of the Gathering. He felt cast down by the events of the day before, lethargic, as if he too was held by the grip of the mud. He could not reconcile himself to the loss of the red-headed boy, holding himself responsible. If he had been quicker to come up with a solution, then maybe the boy would still be alive. They should have started with him first, given him a bundle of reeds to hold him up, long enough for them to effect a rescue. No one needed to die, if he would have been quicker... He hid himself in the flar, closing the flaps tightly to shut out the rest of the world. Baer came to talk to him, but Chaiko refused to listen to him. Ushi was also unsuccessful in luring the shaman out of his retreat, or even to join him, although he tried hard to talk his way into sharing the darkness. Only Dawn was allowed in but she resisted hurrying him as she knew that he needed to find a new balance that would accept the tragedy. He needed to forgive himself.
Chaiko was in turmoil. He would have liked to turn away, to shut his mind to all the recriminations, but remembering how the River of Rocks had closed off his life, he revisited the events of the day before with brutal, merciless honesty. He walked through it, step by step, searching for all the things they could have done. Each time, he found his thinking sluggish and his belief surrendering prematurely to the inevitable. He was a shaman! He, more than anyone, should have known that belief preceded success, yet he had given up... and let the boy slip away. There was a solution, as events proved, but he was too quick to accept what fate presented him with and only roused himself in the last moment, to resist and save the last boy. He shuddered to think how close that had been. He had almost given up there as well.
Still, he had not been negligent or cowardly. At times, he had risked everything to save all he could. And they had rescued four of the boys. Thus he tried to balance the success against the failure, but alas, found that the failure weighed on him even more heavily. He was guilty of the death of one boy, whom he never knew but who would henceforth exist in his mind forever to caution him... to warn him, never to give up.
Dawn came into the flar to check on him, listening to his breathing in the darkness. His breath came with a soft regularity, leading her to guess that the worst of his self-scrutiny was behind him. She matched her breathing with his and waited sympathetically. The sounds from outside had become strangely distant and unreal.
It was later still, when the silence had swallowed up even their breathing that she spoke in soft tones, “Each day we take care but trouble still finds us. We act and react, and do what we must with whatever aid we have at hand. Sometimes we win and sometimes we lose and we carry the memory of that into the future. Yet we can’t let the past hold the future ransom. We must let go of... failures and successes even, for the future must begin again, each time anew, with fresh hopes and aspirations...” Her words filled the quiet and the darkness, the meaning perhaps less important than the tone; calm, consoling, accepting. Then there was again just quiet.
Chaiko started to put his life together again from a new perspective that now included the boy’s death. He still felt a sense of responsibility but the burden of guilt was gone. Enough, so he could put it aside to fill some later solitude; the present he needed for this Gathering. More than ever he needed to know about spirits and their world. If anybody would know, then these shamans here would and he could not let the opportunity slip away. Later, he would think of the death and other things. Later, he promised himself.
He left the flar, blinking in the sunshine of the afternoon. He accepted some food from Dawn and chewed dutifully without tasting it. Ushi, seeing the shaman outside, came over to sit beside him in silence. Every once in a while he threw a sideways glance at him, measuring him. He knew him well enough to know that the other needed time to assimilate experiences, to weigh and balance things out. Chaiko sighed heavily and Ushi knew that the shaman was ready to face the world again.
“Ushi, you did well and I thank you. We could not have saved the boys without your efforts. They owe their lives to you.”
“Yes, I know,” Ushi said in a matter-of-fact voice, then added in a more sarcastic vein, “I am a hero.” That caught Chaiko’s attention as Ushi had intended. There are other people in the world than just you, the tone implied, not everyone is so invested in your qualms of conscience. Wake up! Do not waste your time! Chaiko marveled at how easy it was for his friend to turn his back on tragedy, just to accept things as they were and refuse the burden of them. Ushi summed it all up, “We lost one but saved four.”
“Yes, we saved four,” Chaiko repeated woodenly, drawing the trader’s eyes on him again. “Oh, I am all right. I just need to get used to things.” A silence followed before he added, “I suppose they will be burying the boy today.”
“They did so already early this morning,” Ushi informed him. “There was no body to bury, so they buried some of his things. It was the year of his Becoming and he was learning to make baskets.” He nodded toward the other side of the fire where a fine wicker basket lay on the coverings. “The parents sent it to the shaman who tried to save their son’s life ...”
“Yes, we tried,” Chaiko said heavily, his mouth drawn into a grim line. Again he had to wonder how much of his successes were driven by a fear of failure. Ah, well, that was another thing altogether... Then he shook himself, putting the matter from his mind, saving it to ponder on some night in the future when it wouldn’t be overwhelmed by a sense of failure. There was still a Gathering to attend to. Ushi left him thus.
Dawn and Fire-Dancer were off to a rabbit skinning contest, if he had understood it right. In retrospect, it surprised him that Dawn showed interest in such a grisly sounding event, but then, he had been busy with his own thoughts and did not pay close attention to what she had told him. After some more consideration, he decided to search out Lefay, the shaman of the Blackfoot clan, and see what he could learn from him. The man was a little too quick to deny any special knowledge of spiritual things. How was it then that everybody else considered him to be such an expert?
Lefay proved harder to locate than expected. Chaiko found the Blackfoot encampment without much trouble but the shaman was not there. He was judging some contest of jumping and tumbling, but on the other side of camp. That event turned out to be hard to find, and by the time he did, it was over and the people had already dispersed. One person thought that Lefay intended to attend a dancing exhibition at the Dorgays. So off Chaiko went again, at times struggling against the flow of the crowd. He found the event at last, the dancers completing elaborate figures to the heartbeat of drums. Bedecked with colorful feathers and dyed skins, outfitted with rattles of all kinds, they made a spirited display of motion merged with sound. It was a delight to the eye and a challenge for the ears to follow the ever complex rhythms. Again Chaiko did not find Lefay in the throng but stayed to watch a while, for the Dorgays took special pride in their presentation and were much sought after. When the music finally stopped and the flash of color subsided, life seemed just a little more ordinary. Chaiko resumed his search, asking here and asking there. People were eager to give him directions, any directions he suspected, after another fruitless search. He was almost ready to give up when he found Lefay eating a melon. He greeted him and sat down opposite him. Lefay looked at him searchingly, sighed then resumed eating the unripe melon. He rubbed his hand on his wrap and tossed the rind into the bushes. “How goes it with you, Standing-Rock?”
“Not so well,” Chaiko admitted. “We lost a Blackfoot boy in quicksand.”
“Yes, so I heard,” the other acknowledged. “A sad thing. A tragic thing. But I heard you saved four.”
“Yes, four,” Chaiko allowed, then his tone turned purposeful. “I would like to learn more spiritual wisdom at this Gathering.”
“Well then you have searched out the wrong man, for I am blind even to what I do not know,” Lefay said flatly, again disclaiming any knowledge and ability.
But this time Chaiko was not going to be put off so easily. “If the sun says to the moon, I am not light, will the moon believe it?”
Lefay laughed, pleased. “The moon might, if it is vain enough to claim all the luminescence to be his.”
“I am vain only in my ignorance, so enlighten me.”
“It seems you will not let an old man rest and enjoy his day. Very well then, ask your questions shaman and we will both see what comes out for answers.”
“Tell me of spirits,” Chaiko pounced, eager now that he could finally ask.
“I can tell you nothing for I do not understand them.”
“Then you do not believe in spirits?” Chaiko asked, already feeling deeply let down.
“I did not say that. I do believe in spirits, but I cannot explain them to you. Sometimes it is just a feeling. Of knowing that something else is behind the things I see or observe. But I can’t prove it even to myself, much less to anyone else. So you see, I do not know as much as you appear to hope. I am sorry to disappoint you.”
“I do not like to depend on feelings,” Chaiko said cautiously. “Feelings have a way of misleading one.”
“True,” Lefay nodded, “if you let your desires lead you, you might arrive at the wrong conclusion. But if you close your eyes and let your feelings lead you, you might discover something hidden to your eyes and ears.”
Chaiko shook his head, it sounded like double-talk to him. But Lefay persisted. “To see something you must first believe what your eyes are telling you is true and there in front of you. After a while you cease even to question it, for your eyes never lie, now do they?” The man’s eyes glowed with pleasure. “It’s the same way with your feelings. You have to believe you feel what you feel to become aware of it. It’s a matter of training, I guess, and sometimes too much thinking just gets in the way.” Chaiko made a face that spurred Lefay on. “How do you explain color to a man who is blind from birth? How do you explain sound to the deaf? Perhaps by intuition.”
Chaiko again shook his head but Lefay was quick to reassure him. “Ah, you are not yet ready to try your feelings, but keep my words in mind when you do.”
“What did Bogan say about spirits?” Chaiko searched for something more solid.
“I did not hear him talk about spirits in the same sense. He talked of the spirit of men, but as some inner, driving quality. He talked about the spirit of animals the same way, as some inner depth. And even of trees and rocks. All things having energy, a purpose and a destiny. But I think he held that man had more control over it than the rest... But now you ask too much of me, you would do better to ask Tomakon, he knows more stories about the man than I.”
“Well then tell me one that you do know.”
“This teaching he gave me long ago and I have locked it in my memory. Today I pass it onto you.” Lefay closed his eyes and collected himself. “A man lived in a cave with a great hunter and he ate well for there was always meat to be had. And the man repeated to himself each day, ‘Why should I hunt when there is one so much better than me, I would just get in his way?’ And he did not hunt but ate his fill. Then one day the great hunter died, and soon after so did the man for he had forgotten to hunt, forgotten how to feed himself.” Lefay opened his eyes and they shined with a strange brilliance.
“What does this teaching mean?” Chaiko asked. But instead of answering Lefay closed his eyes again and continued.
“A man lived in a cave with a very wise man who answered all of the questions people asked him. Grateful, the people brought him gifts of food, furs and many comforts. And the man who lived with him told himself, ‘What need do I have to learn, for there is so much wisdom here, no one will ask me any questions.’ And he too ate his fill. Then one day the wise man died and the man soon after, of ignorance. He had refused to learn.” Lefay stayed quiet, listening with his eyes closed.
Chaiko waited a good while in the hope that the man would explain the teachings, but Lefay did not. Instead he smiled and asked self-satisfied, “Were those not great teachings?”
“Perhaps they could be if you would care to explain them,” Chaiko returned and would have been vexed but he was familiar with the teaching technique. How often had he likewise challenged his pupils to find their own answers? The wily old fox was baiting him, in a manner of speaking. It seemed unlikely that Lefay would volunteer anymore, so Chaiko rose and excused himself, thanking the shaman for his time.
“Anytime, anytime,” Lefay mumbled back, sniffing at another melon, hoping this one would be ripe.
Chaiko sought and found Tomakon under his favorite tree, sprawled on some furs dozing in the late afternoon sun. Chaiko stood over him blocking the warm rays until the man became aware of him.
“Lo, it’s you,” he said less than articulately as he pulled himself erect. “Na, sit then. Don’t make me break my neck staring up at you.” Chaiko sat and made himself comfortable, tucking his wooden leg under him. “What would you have of me?” the old man asked.
“All my life I heard stories about Bogan. What he thought, what he said, and what he did. And it came to feel as if he were a member of my own family. I know him at least as well as my parents.” Chaiko was twisting his lips with his fingers, the gesture not lost on Tomakon.
“Most of us feel that way about him,” the old shaman said from behind his many wrinkles.
“No doubt. Yet, the more I hear of him, the less real he sounds.” Tomakon nodded in understanding. “Tell me one of his teachings then. One he taught, not one people tell about him.”
Tomakon nodded, his lips pursed oddly over his shrunken jaws. “This teaching he gave me as I am now giving it to you. There once lived a man in a cave with a very wise man and a great hunter. And because the man was so wise, many came to seek his advice, bringing gifts to repay his wisdom. And because the man was a great hunter there was never a lack of meat by his fire. And the man with him asked himself, “Why would I hunt and what would I need to learn, when there is one so much better than me, who will always surpass me in all the things I would try? So I will eat my fill and I will enjoy the finest of things. So it was for many years. Then one day the great man died. And the man who had lived with him, died soon thereafter. I think he died of ignorance first then of hunger.” Tomakon then stopped speaking and looked satisfied with himself.
“Would you care to explain it?” Chaiko asked, a frown on his face.
“The teaching is in the story itself; tell it to yourself until it becomes clear. So it was given to me. I will be pleased to hear what you make of it.”
Chaiko was, however, in no mood for a guessing game. On the way back to his campsite he observed to himself, “Now was that not peculiar, that on one day I should hear the same story twice out of different mouths?” The strangeness of that fact pushed the story into the background of his thoughts. He brooded and brooded over the strange coincidence.
A little later at his campsite, Chaiko was still very much puzzled; he stirred the ashes of a reluctant fire with a stick, looking for some answers in the rising smoke. Ushi erupted on this scene and with self-assured familiarity, let himself down beside the shaman. Chaiko did not look up from his absorption so that Ushi had to clear his throat rather rudely before the shaman finally acknowledged him with a frown. Then Ushi pretended to be engrossed with his thoughts, but still the shaman did not prompt him. In a rather short time Ushi burst out, “This being free... it demands that I now do something. It’s as if I am again responsible for my own future. As long as I was mated, that was my future, no matter how distant I stayed from it. But now that I am free...”
Chaiko nodded. “Yes, all of a sudden you have lost your nest, for it is sure you are no longer welcome there. And now, you feel the pressure of having to build a new one.” Then Chaiko passed on to him the teaching he was told and asked what he thought of it. Ushi was a little taken aback by the sudden shift of subject. In any case the story sounded like a murky theoretical formulation, much less interesting than his personal reflections. He tried to bring the focus back on himself. “What does it have to do with me?” He demanded, his eyebrows reaching new heights.
“Most likely nothing,” Chaiko admitted; “It was a teaching of Bogan.”
“I see,” Ushi replied, but he did not and his eyebrows remained knitted. His shaman was truly an enigmatic person. Crow joined them, folding himself into a comfortable posture. Ushi looked at him and as was his habit, immediately engaged the new arrival by telling him the teaching he had just heard. “So what do you make of it?”
“A hunter is one who hunts, but he who eats only... what is he?” Crow, too, puzzled.
Chaiko mused aloud, “I guess a man who eats well all the time forgets the taste of hunger and then loses even the fear of it. Yet, it is that fear that drives a hunter, for much as he stalks his prey, hunger stalks him, never far from mind. So if one day the well-fed man wakes up to hunger in his belly, he will not know what it is and what to do about it...”
Both Ushi and Crow were looking at him, both wondering why he would make such an issue over a simple story? Ushi soon lost interest altogether and went back to worrying about the unexpected pitfalls that his new freedom presented. He grew increasingly restless, finally jumped up and was gone as quickly as he had arrived.
Crow sat awhile by Chaiko in companionable silence. Yael discovered him and was soon climbing all over the young man. Crow tossed the infant into the air, catching him and they both laughed. Dawn was struck by what a good father Crow would make someday, always so ready to play. Her mate, on the other hand, again seemed preoccupied. She could see he was having problems with digesting this Gathering. She went over to him and placed a gentle arm on his shoulders. His eyes struggled back into focus and he gave her a guilty smile. “Where are the twins?” he asked to forestall any reproach on her part. As if she would.
“They are with Fire-Dancer,” she replied.
“Well then where is your sister?”
“With her mate,” Dawn said evenly.
“And where is Hollow-Tree?” Chaiko was getting piqued over her not volunteering any information.
“They went to a Meeting of the Sacred-Ox,” she said, her eyes twinkling.
Chaiko was taken aback. He knew that statement was untrue. Hollow-Tree swore he would not go near them again. Ever since she had been reunited with her sister, Dawn had showed more humor, but it was so overlaid with her natural calm that it left others off balance. No one had expected it from her.
Chaiko told her the teaching and waited to see what she would say. “If he ate all the time he must have been very fat by the end. Maybe that is why he could not hunt anymore. Simm is getting that way now.” Chaiko shrugged. There could be lots of reasons, of course, but the most critical for him seemed that the moral of the teaching was overvalued. It had neither true complexity nor any significant merit. Why was it then so proudly ascribed to Bogan? And with such great care to communicate it to him? He had the uneasy feeling that there was some hidden intricacy that eluded him. He chewed furiously on a grass stalk and did not even notice that he was alone again.
The afternoon shadows lengthened. The cane fields were waving in the wind which, to everyone’s great relief, blew the insects away. Heavy traffic of many feet trampled down the grass and in more and more places the ground showed through. In the present dryness a fine dust blew free of the exposed soil. The confined place was not standing up well to the people’s overuse. There was also the annoying smell from the conveniences that followed one everywhere. Even the most enthusiastic supporters had to admit that there were drawbacks to this place. All the same, most people tried to overlook minor discomforts, and to make the most of an event that took place only every four years.

Returning from a recipe exchange organized by the Sisters of the Moon, Dawn was surprised to find Chaiko still preoccupied. Frowning, she settled the exhausted twins down and to her great relief Yael also wormed himself voluntarily under the covers. Dawn dared to relax, enjoying this rare moment of respite, but her eyes fell on Chaiko still brooding over the fire. He was drawing figures in the ash, a bad sign of total immersion within himself. Dawn sighed; she would have to go in there to find him... and bring him back... but gently.
From far away, Chaiko heard an arrhythmic clicking that did not belong to the background noise. He struggled to an awareness of where he was and looked irritably around. What was clicking? He found Dawn bent over a design she had created on the ground. A line of pebbles on the right, a line to the left. Her hands flew between them like a bird, the stones clicking between her fingers. Intrigued, Chaiko drew near, awkwardly lurching forward with the stiffness of his muscles impeding him, but he hardly felt it. What could she be making?
Then he saw and recognized her design instantly. A line of rocks to the west, a line of rocks to the east, a river to the north, a campfire in the middle and by it two white pebbles. This was the re-enactment of when they had first met, and could not speak each other’s tongue, yet with this same design they had communicated, and made their first joint decision.
From the fire, a path lead to the west, toward her people, the Ekulan. A second path angled to the east toward his people, the People of Standing-Rock Clan. His heart started beating fast again, and he remembered what he had felt then, when she chose to stay with him instead of going back to her own people. Instantly he was aware how much of what he was now he owed to her. She not only gave a focus to his life but her love had healed him. A bubble of tension burst inside and he started to cry silently, tears rolling down his face, and he could not tell if it was pain or relief he felt. Dawn watched him with big round eyes, her lips trembling. Yet she dared not reach out to him, knowing how vulnerable he was at such times and how quickly he could retreat from any tenderness.
Chaiko froze as he realized how powerful a symbol she had used for... for what? He looked around himself suddenly, apprehensive. Dawn said almost apologetically, “You seemed so far away... so unreachable...”
Was he? “I was ...?” he stopped abruptly, as he really did not know where he had been. Thinking, sure, but to what end? “I do not know. This Gathering is not what I expected. I had hoped for so much more...” His hands languished in an awkward, lost gesture. “I had thought that perhaps here I could find myself, know and understand what is expected of me as shaman so that I can serve my people well. Instead,” his hands flew in a wide angry arc toward the camp, “I find this. This and this!” He remained quiet a time, but the impatience vibrated like a drawn Falcon aching to be released. “A man so full of self-interest, so convoluted that his need is father to more needs, generations of them and the sun does not set on them... but none can be satisfied. What do you feed a man who in spite of all you give him thinks he is still hungry? And the rest? Where I expected knowledge I find only sad complacency. Where I expected wisdom I find only indolence. Where I have expected power and nobility I find only sham and baseborn conceit... Still, I thought there was Bogan, maybe I could solve the riddle of him and find through him what I need to know... but wherever I turn, I find only the shadow of the man and no substance. Where...? Do I look under a rock? In a back crevice of a cave? Behind some water fall?” Then he remembered how, fleeing the fire, Dawn had hidden behind a waterfall, and again he was able to surface and be aware of her again. His face was streaked with tears, and he was scared that he had frightened her by such undisciplined ranting.
She regarded him evenly to be sure that he had steadied himself then she said in a quiet voice, “You are Chaiko and you have no need to prove yourself. You are shaman of the Standing-Rock Clan and those who know you, value you and respect you. What more can a man ask? For friends, you have many. For admirers, many would gladly follow you and your name and deeds are widely spoken of among the clans. You are shaman and Master of Falcon,” she said with cutting intensity, knowing that was how he liked best to refer to himself.
“So what if you find ignorance? Teach them! If you find indolence, reproach them. Where you find deceit, rebuke them. Did not Bogan say that a man who comes upon a need that he could fill but does nothing, is guilty of great neglect and impoverishes himself, for in what shall his soul find greater joy than in helping others? What greater need is there than to bring light into darkness? For the fear that hides in darkness has sharper teeth than hunger and its terrors are more chilling than winter freeze. Learn where you can and teach what you have learned!”
Chaiko smiled at her in admiration. “Where did you learn so much about Bogan?”
She blushed at his tone and quickly looked down, once again a perfect Ekulan. “From you, of course!”
“And from you I learn love and caring, and sadly I do you a great injustice by not acknowledging it often enough. People look to me to be light, but without your love, I would be lost in darkness myself. I thank you.”
She had to look away from him, so intense was the pleasure evoked by his praise. But he was right, he did not confess it often enough. Even now, they had to flee into the safety of everyday, and tone down the soaring emotions.
Chaiko looked to the far mountains in the distance, forming a resolution. “Yes I will learn, and I will teach. But so much of what I want to know is hid in darkness and I can see nothing of it. How will I teach that?”
“With patience!” she said firmly but then softened her voice. “You at least are aware of the darkness. Others don’t even know they are lost and don’t know therefore how to save themselves.”
Again Chaiko looked at her with appreciation. “And who has taught you all this?”
Dawn looked up and said with reluctant pride in her voice, “My people say that there is only one truth, but because our hearts are small we see only a little bit of it. We often therefore mistake the shadows for light.” She inclined her head in a sign of respect for the wisdom she had inherited.
Chaiko was once more taken aback. The words sounded strange in his ears but there was a ring of wisdom to them. Real wisdom? Then he remembered the Eku, the wise man of her people, who in spite of his great age was hungry to learn, and he knew that the wisdom she spoke was real. He made a note to fish for what else she could recall.
He gazed into the fire, among the flames as if they were somehow a spirit gate. It was an irrational feeling and he reprimanded himself for it. But there had to be an answer that would satisfy him. He thought back on Bogan’s teachings he had heard and wondered if he was actually the useless man who lived with the wise man, living off the other’s reputation and gain. Maybe the wise man was Bogan himself, and the rest were just coasting on his wisdom, and without him were bereft of it.
“Dawn,” Chaiko called across the fire. “The next time the women go into the fields for fruit and roots, see if you can find some Spirit Seed for me.”
“Spirit Seed? I never heard of it.”
“Neither did I until Tomakon gave me a sample. He said it grew in the open meadows, has tiny, blue flowers and long thin leaves.”
“I’ll ask the women, maybe they know about it… If anyone would, then Emma most likely.”
Chaiko nodded. What had Tomakon said? It was like lightening, a flash of recognition that faded back into normalcy. Maybe that’s what he needed, a brief understanding that answered his questions.
It took some time before Chaiko realized how much lighter he felt. He smiled gratefully at his mate, his eyes praising her so that she had to look away again. The two of them carefully erased the design on the ground; it was of a very private nature that neither wanted to give away. They quietly settled down beside their children, holding each other’s hands.
Near them, Lana and Cora sang a soft melody, their voices flowing smoothly like a pure mountain stream tumbling down a hillside finding echoes and overtones that sent shivers of delight through the listeners. Perfectly blended, the voices sometimes chased each other, sometimes came together in a flawless match of sound. How could two voices sound so distinct yet become so much part of one another? People returning from various activities quietly slipped into their places not wanting to disturb the duet of the two girls in the gathering dusk. It seemed that even the crickets and other insects remained mute in respect of the beauty of their song.
It was Dawn who was crying now. She knew that Lana had seen Chaiko upset and this little concert was to console him, to turn his confusion and anger away. He heard only the beauty of the voices and got lost in them, but Dawn understood every little nuance of help offered and the pleading to find solace. Through her tears, she wondered how a sung word could so outshine a spoken word.
“My heart hears in the distance
 the beating of another heart,
 How can it not reply
 in softly sung resonance?
 Reply, my heart, full of longing
 To find comfort and peace,
 trusting in love that offers
 heart beats to my heart...”
Most people fell asleep with the song in their ears and woke later to a clear night of bright stars, still remembering the tune of the song. The moonlight danced on the shiver awakened by breeze over the water. The large round face of the moon was scattered into fragments to slowly coalesce again before the next puff of wind. An owl was skimming over the surface, dragging a claw through the water hoping to snag a fish sleeping near the top. With powerful wing beats it rose in the air, to turn and make another pass.

Chapter 13
The new day found Chaiko much refreshed. His outburst had eased him; Dawn’s encouragement had erased some of his doubts; the girls’ singing had reminded him that life was also enjoyment of beauty. In the stillness of a star studded sky, they had made love. Gently and tenderly. Dawn’s design had reawakened in both a sweet longing for the time there was just the two of them in the middle of a great plain. Now as they looked at each other, they burst into smiles. Chaiko reminded himself to show more honor to her, for where could a man find such a treasure?
Dawn was nursing Sun who, in his eagerness, tended to be rough with her nipples. Some days it turned into a real tug-of-war between them, but this morning she was fully relaxed and did not resist him. Her milk flowed freely and he made happy, greedy sounds as he drew comfort from her. In short order he was full and burping. She could then feed Moon who was so much more gentle and considerate.
“I am a First-Sister you know,” Dawn said somewhat tentatively, as she always did when speaking of herself. “And I was asked to talk at the recipe exchange of the Sisters of the Moon.” She flushed as she said this. Strangely, when she danced she was not self-conscious at all, losing herself fully in the performance. “I told them how you and I herded some bison nearly into our cave for the butchering, saving us much time and distance in lugging the cutup meat for storage.”
“And what did they say?” Chaiko asked interested.
“One said that she would not think of soiling her place with so much offal from the slaughtering. The rest seemed to agree with her.”
“Hmmm,” Chaiko’s chest resonated with disapproval. “Peculiar.”
“Then I told them about Tanya’s and my garden. Of growing things and caring for them... instead of just gathering. Again only a few seemed to understand. Why do people not see what is set before them so clearly?”
“Most people are incapable of learning what was not chewed into their mouths. But take heart, just like you planted your seed into the ground, so will your ideas germinate and take root. When your ideas ripen in their lives and they have ideas of their own, by such fruits you will recognize that they have learned... Look how people have learned to make Falcon. Some have surpassed me, making them better with innovations of their own.”
“Yes, patience,” Dawn nodded, restating the virtue of that quality.
On the way to the Council of Shamans Chaiko was hailed from the crowd. He turned to see a Dorgay in the flow, making gestures of respect, from heart-to-mouth. “A few years ago I stood with you against the Tolmecs. I was witness when you walked into the gap between the swarms set to do battle. I saw fire-magic fly through the air at your command. You made the Tolmecs yield and leave the field. I have not seen such power since.” A few in the crowd paused to listen as the rest rushed on. Again he made heart-to-mouth homage.
Chaiko answered, “Why then, I thank you Dorgay. It was a hard time for us and your presence was most appreciated. Standing-Rock will not forget the help it received from brother clans in those troubled days.” And he returned the man’s gesture; from my heart to my mouth in truth and sincerity. The crowd then swallowed up both of them.
A little later Chaiko saw Tarue in the press and waved to him but the man only returned a sour look. What was eating him? Was he not at all glad to see a living relative?
Chaiko found the shamans in their customary huddle, standing about like some weather weary birds turned into the winds of time. Tomakon had kept a place beside himself for the shaman of the Standing-Rock Clan. It seemed that he considered their newest member to be under his tutelage. But so it should be, to pass wisdom from the old to the young. Chaiko had barely time to greet the old man and wave to Lefay, before Corrigan swept in and claimed all their attention. He had gotten wind that the leaders of the clans were arguing about selecting a Chief. Corrigan was against any such idea of course. He saw no need and ranted vehemently against the plan. “What need do they have for a Head? Surely not for thinking? Let them bicker then maybe they will stumble into wisdom. It is preposterous! If they lack wisdom, let them ask! I will set them straight...” The big man strode up and down, agitated by such an affront to his authority. At the very least they should have consulted him and asked for his blessing!
The Council reserved its thoughts on that or any other subject. When a thunderstorm passed overhead it was not the time to contemplate standing against lightning that was looking for a place to land. Chaiko felt regret again; other people were enjoying themselves, celebrating, while the shamans were listening to biting venom oozing from the Head-Shaman. But like all things this too passed, finally, and Corrigan stormed away leaving behind an oppressive gloom. Chaiko’s stomach was tied in knots and it took conscious effort to repress all the bile churned up by the great man.
For some time no one talked, satisfied with the peace of silence. Then each sought out his favorite crony to share what remained of the meeting.
Tomakon asked Chaiko what he had made of Bogan’s teaching. “It was rather obvious,” Chaiko replied.
“Obvious is good if it teaches something of value. What have you learned?” Tomakon insisted.
“That the man grew lazy living with such a great hunter and when the hunter died, he no longer knew how to take care of himself. Was there something more?” Chaiko asked, still a little vexed with the simplicity of the story.
“There is always something more,” Tomakon said in a tone that implied Chaiko had missed the point altogether.
“That being full is a poor teacher, and being hungry is better?” Chaiko asked with irony but Tomakon shook his head and said, “Even a simple story has many lessons to offer. Study it!” But Chaiko was irked too much to do so; why was Tomakon playing with him thus?
“Well then, tell me another story, to reinforce the first,” Chaiko demanded.
“Very well, I will find one for you to fit the other.” Tomakon nodded, hiding his amusement behind his many, many wrinkles. “This is as Bogan told me. There lived a man again with a very famous man of great reputation and ability. But the man was deeply unhappy, knowing that he could never reach the measure the great man. Noting his sadness and the cause of it the great man told this story: ‘There was on the bright horizon a small tree growing in the shadow of a great tree, and the great tree held the winds at bay and the anger of the sky above. The young tree boasted to the world his great good luck for having such a protector. The years passed and both trees grew older. Then one day lightning struck the great tree and it came crashing to the ground. From then on the young tree had no one to guard him. The winds blew unchecked and the tree did not have the strength in its branches to resist it. The rain pelted down and washed the roots free, having only shallow hold on the soil... And so the young tree toppled and perished. It would have been better if the young tree had grown sturdy on its own and not have been so overshadowed by its protector.’ Then the great man sent the man away to harden him and to find his own way.”
Chaiko indeed saw a certain theme emerge but could not prevail on Tomakon to expound on it. “The words were given to your ears, let they be like worms eating into wood, find meaning in your mind.” With that odd encouragement Chaiko had to be satisfied.
Chaiko was about to leave, but then turned back. “Why is it that no one knows of Spirit Seed and its effects?”
“It’s a secret that shamans keep to themselves. It… it bends the mind so to speak, much too dangerous for the uninitiated. Hope you didn’t give it away?” Tomakon frowned anxiously.
“I asked the women to look for it, that’s all.”
“Good. Hopefully they won’t find it and in time will forget about it.” Then Tomakon made a gesture, equivalent to “Let it be so.”
“Can you get me some?”
“Why?” the other asked, focusing on Chaiko’s face. “If you ingest it, you will find more questions than answers. It’s a bright flash, but is it the spirit world, or just a shadow of it? No shaman I talked to was ever certain.”
Preoccupied Chaiko left, chewing on a new puzzle. Next, he sought out Lefay, likewise to question him. The shaman saw him coming and smiled cheerfully. “Here comes the shaman who would learn, instead of teaching his ignorance.”
“I would learn but you refuse to teach me,” Chaiko said jesting. “You talk to me in riddles, cloaking great simplicity in implied mystery.”
“Yes, that way my wisdom cannot be challenged. If I were to explain it to you, you would surely find fault with it and uncover my ignorance. No, no. We shall stay with puzzles instead.”
“Good then, tell me another.”
“Now?” Lefay was reluctant. He was watching some young girls practicing dance steps and did not like to mix his pleasures.
“Now, let not the sun go down on my ignorance,” Chaiko returned lightly.
Lefay chortled. “You are a strange shaman you are. Most would rather speak than listen and teach rather than learn.” He screwed up his face briefly and started to speak in his teaching voice, “There was in the great mountains to the west, a cliff that overlooked a fertile valley. It felt naked, its rock face exposed, like the bones of the earth. It looked at the deep bottom lands and the lush vegetation that grew there and wished it had such a mantle of green. A little way below a bush grew out of a crack in the stone wall and reached for the light of the sky. The cliff hovered over the bush protecting it from cascades of rocks unleashed by slides and the weather. Time passed and the cliff gloried in the little green it protected. But one day a violent earthquake shook the world, and the earth danced and the sky trembled. The cliff shivered then swayed, finally crashing down below. The bush somehow survived the quake, but not for long, for the next avalanche of rocks swept it away. This story have I told to your ears.”
Chaiko was thunderstruck. Again the same teaching. With different words, but the same meaning. This had to be more than just blind coincidence.
“Do you and Tomakon talk often?” Chaiko asked when he recovered somewhat from his astonishment.
“Frequently,” the other answered. “We are members of the same Council.”
“About me even?”
“Especially about you, now that you sit among us,” Lefay said with that lightly mocking grin of his.
The shamans slowly dispersed, one by one drifting away to some much needed pleasures. Chaiko wandered among the people pausing here or there, to take in different points of interest. His mind was again preoccupied. Gone was the lightness of the morning, though he kept his sense of balance without reverting to his brooding. But like water flowing downhill, he soon found himself back at his campsite, and spotted his brother already there. Baer was visibly agitated and soon confirmed that the Leaders were hotly debating the issue of choosing a Chief. Turbold and Solenex seemed the most likely aspirants, each with a coterie of loyal proponents. Passionate arguments raged back and forth, but both sides split about even with no consensus likely at present. Baer had argued against it, voicing that together they were stronger than any one of them would be alone.
“Maybe so,” Lessu had objected, “if we would all pull together instead of each going their separate ways; just like in the Spider-Wars, the more people that pull, the less the web moves. This way the Chief would decide and the rest of us could just follow.” The others had nodded in some agreement; “It would save so much time and put an end to the constant bickering where nothing gets done.” People then lobbied hard for their chosen candidate, but still the sides remained about even.
As was usual, any conflict of the higher ups soon spilled over into the general population. The various arguments were loudly debated with each adding his own twist of opinion. This threatened to usurp all other topics of conversation and the women rolled their eyes, exasperated with their men. “We should have accepted you into the motherhood or sisterhood when you asked, and maybe then the Chief could have been a woman.”
A woman Chief? The idea was preposterous! The factions found unity in a common stand against such an irreverent suggestion. But instead of backing down as they had done all their lives, the women embarked on a campaign of their own, canvassing support for a Head-Woman. Primed by the former uproar so recently negotiated, the women seized upon this ambition with renewed zeal. The two power brokers among them, the Society of Mothers and the Sisters of the Moon, were careful to approach one another, and engaged in an equally passionate debate. They soon discarded the idea of one person; that was a man’s model, let them stick to it. The women agreed to elect a Council of Women that would not ask permission of any man. Three was the number they settled on. Two would have promoted conflict by setting one against the other too often, but three allowed for a majority and a minority opinion to be expressed. Not surprisingly, Tanya was considered as a likely candidate to this council.
This had not occurred instantaneously. It had been brewing under the surface and people were only now becoming aware of it.
The men were thus looking for a Chief, the women for three of their own. The older people were not used to this sudden upwelling of consciousness and shook their heads gloomily, “What is this world coming to?”
Among the Standing-Rock Clan, the issue also came to a head. “Why is it that we are so willing to stampede one way then change course to go down some other path? This is the most contentious Gathering I have been to,” Baer complained in a plaintive voice to Chaiko, Ushi and Cosh. “We are looking for a Leader of Men and now Leaders of Women? Everyone is bickering, everyone is on edge.” Of course he could not carp too much; after all, the women were considering Tanya for the honor.
Chaiko looked at his brother both with sympathy and slight sarcasm. “A leader complaining about the following?” He was more concerned that the men were concentrating power in the hands of one man, who could easily turn into another Corrigan. Also he was concerned that the women were defining themselves again in opposition to the men. He applauded their overall aim but suspected that it was also in reaction for being left out of the mainstream. Chaiko did not want the tension between men and women to grow again. He chewed his lips in consternation.
Ushi seeing this consoled him. “Look it is only for a short time, once every four years. We then go home and it matters not who the Chief is.”
But Chaiko shook his head. “No, here is where we define ourselves as people, as Clan, different from the Tolmecs and different from the Ekulan. That awareness we take home with us. A Chief could make himself be heard, anywhere, anytime. You’re mistaken if you think it’s only for the Gatherings.” He took a smoldering branch from the fire and waved it around, washing himself with smoke to discourage the insects pestering him. “The trouble is we have a Head-Shaman who doesn’t listen to people and who has awakened this need for a Chief and Head-Women to even out the imbalance.”
They lapsed into silence, the smoke swirling around them. The day was uncomfortable with humidity and they all fanned themselves with broadleaves to get the air to move past their sweltering faces. Dawn came back to camp, struggling with both twins. Fire-Dancer was towing both boys, Wild-of-Wind and Yael, who were reluctant to return because they had wanted to stay to watch the frog jumping contest. Chaiko hurried over to his mate to relieve her of Sun. The boy immediately sensed the changed circumstances and stopped his complaining. Already he had learned that his father paid little attention to it.
Dawn was full of the latest gossip regarding the Council of Women. “There are only five women who really come into consideration. Tanya is sure to be elected. She is a mother of two and the head-woman of her clan, used to leading, yet gracious and gentle at all times. What I do not understand is that cow-eyed choice, Umbata. The girl has no wisdom, she’s brash and inconsiderate. Perhaps it is because she is this way, and thrives on conflict, that she is considered at all. Sadly, the sharpest elbow often wins. But do we need all this drama and commotion? And why? To compete with the men?”
Chaiko was concerned too, over the very same point. How could he defuse a potentially destructive situation? He could not interfere with women’s issues but maybe he could deflect some of the antagonism that was creeping back into the relationship between the sexes. It was a puzzle, but at least worthy of his consideration.
Ruba found to his surprise that he was summoned by the shaman. What could the man want with him? Hopefully not some onerous task? But the shaman was always interesting though at times uncomfortable to be near. He presented himself at Chaiko’s fire.
“How goes it with you Ruba?” the shaman asked, his look piercing the young man through and through. Ruba had this uncomfortable wish to hide; what could he say? He was still suspicious of the shaman’s motives. People rarely called him for his own good, just when they wanted something. But what?
“You will become a hunter soon.” Ruba shrugged as Chaiko stated the obvious. It was not a sign of disrespect, for he sensed a mutual affinity and even liked the shaman, but he was not born yesterday and knew that sooner or later some request would be forthcoming. The two regarded each other knowingly, both relishing the moment of suspense of unspoken words.
Finally, Chaiko yielded, “Nah good. You know of course where all the boys your age congregate?”
“One of two likely places.” Ruba wondered where this was leading. “One, on the meadow by the lake, where we wrestle or play some other game. Two, on the other side of camp, by the Old-Willow to muster the fresh crop of girls...” His feet shuffled a little awkwardly before the shaman.
“And why are you not there? At one of those places?” Chaiko asked with good-natured briskness.
“I would be but you called me...” the boy defended himself.
“Good, then listen well and do exactly as I ask...” Chaiko then went on to explain to the frowning boy what he wanted. Shortly the frown cleared and even some enthusiasm crept into his face. By the time he left he was smiling with glee. He hurried on his way, eager to do the shaman’s bidding. Chaiko, what are you up to? Ushi asked himself, having caught the last part of this exchange.
Laars the Lesser-Bear-Claw leader was visiting with Baer and Tusk. Afterwards he came over to Chaiko and requested a formal audience with the shaman of the Standing-Rock Clan. Chaiko bade him sit. Dawn offered a few dried sweet fruits and then discreetly withdrew as did the others.
“It is a nice day for the Gathering,” Chaiko started in a formal, roundabout way.
“Yes, it is a nice day for many things,” Laars replied according to protocol, but his answer indicated that his concern was not with the Gathering.
“Yes, the sun smiles on us all,” Chaiko nodded, trying to look as sagacious as his tender age allowed.
“Yet there are clouds on the horizon.” Trouble, but how much trouble?
“Indeed, my eyes cannot make out whether they are storm clouds or not,” Chaiko formalized in the same unhurried almost disinterested tone.
“There might be a few rumbles in them but no lightning storm,” Laars mimicked the tone. So not too-too much, in other words.
“Would a bird need to fly around them or dare he risk flying through them, do you think?”
“A strong bird would venture to fly through them, I expect,” Laars said nodding in the direction of some very hypothetical clouds. So then some negotiations would be appropriate.
“Well then, if a storm approaches we would best get ahead of it and find shelter, don’t you think?”
“Indeed.” The man took a deep breath and was obviously choosing his words carefully. “You might not know it, but I am a relative of Chandar on the maternal side and I come at his parents’ wishes.” He paused to allow Chaiko to adjust to this news. “It has come to our attention that you paid a bride-gift to Tara’s father. We would like to recompense your cost and trouble.”
Chaiko considered carefully. This was not a trivial matter indeed and he must proceed most carefully not to cause any offence. According to protocol, it should have been handled a long time ago and they were thus already in the shadow of an insult. “The formalities were performed according to Tolmec customs, very different from our own. They sell their women there. They demanded a bride-price for her and haggled over it as over a common trade item. Loud and in the open, praising her beyond measure, devaluing loudly the offer made for her. Imagine that! There were no civil courtesies, no discreet offers of a gift of thankfulness to the parents of the girl. It was an exchange of ownership, from the father onto me.”
“Unbelievable that such barbaric customs are still practiced by people! But then the Tolmecs have a very uncivil reputation,” Laars commented, truly horrified.
“Indeed.” Chaiko bit his tongue; one problem at a time. “But you can see that the price they demanded, and I paid, could not be equated to a gift.”
“No, no. I understand completely,” Laars hurried to reassure. “A price can never be a gift. Out of the question!”
Good! One difficulty thus negotiated. “So I hope you can see my dilemma. I could not broach this subject for it had been contaminated by such crass conduct. But there are other considerations weighing on the matter.”
Laars raised an eyebrow, unsure how he could contribute at this point, but had to trust that the shaman would find some acceptable solution to the formalities.
“We of Standing-Rock have grown very fond of Chandar and are very glad to have him at our hearths, sharing in his company. He is selfless and modest. He once saved one of our boys from a stampede and Sosa will now grow into a man because of Chandar. We owe him our thanks. Another time he dared the land of the enemy to rescue our beloved Lana. Her voice is a gift to all the clans that we can all enjoy because of Chandar’s brave heart. We find ourselves in his debt again.” He paused to let the gratitude sink in. Laars inclined his head graciously but with stiff formality. Something more would be required.
“In fact, we adopted Chandar into our clan, not to take from you, much more to add to us. Makar is his brother and we all claim kinship with him.” This was his most telling argument and he waited a little tensely to see how Laars would greet it.
“Such kinship we can recognize,” Laars said, again very circumspect, “as long as it does not pre-empt our precedence of claim.” The eyebrows rose.
“Not at all. We seek not to deprive the Lesser-Bear-Claws of this claim, nor to lessen Chandar’s stature, we wish only to add to them. We welcome all of you as brothers, remembering how you gave our clan shelter after the Great-Fire burnt our home and left us starving in the aftermath.”
Laars nodded wisely. “That leaves only the bride-gift to consider.”
Chaiko thought carefully. This point continued to be tricky. A bride gift should have been given, for without it, the whole transaction could be considered an abduction and thus null and void. “Chandar has many brothers and sisters among the Standing-Rock who provided the bride-gift in full. Each was glad to do so. Each was honored to do so.” Laars inclined his head at each telling point, but both knew it was not enough to satisfy the strict protocol. Chaiko continued daring to stretch the custom. “All things considered, it is we of Standing-Rock who remain indebted to you, for Chandar adds to us daily. It is thus we who owe you.”
“Surely that cannot be right!” Laars said almost horrified. It was so much easier to count first-spear, second-spear and third-spear, when sharing out the kill than such a balancing act that went with mating across clan boundaries.
“But it stands to reason,” Chaiko insisted; “Bogan said, let he who gains provide recompense from whence the gain arose. We owe you many gifts for Chandar then.”
Laars shook off an incipient headache. They both knew the saying by heart, but now they stumbled through it again in this novel context. Laars kept shaking his head, “You cannot out-gift me,” he said in an aggrieved tone; he had almost said outwit me.
But Chaiko insisted, for if he could prove his indebtedness, the unintended insult would be cancelled out. “How can you expect me to argue against Bogan?”
He could not of course and neither could Laars, who now had a pounding headache. Accordingly they agreed to cancel the debt on both sides, content that the protocol had been satisfied. Laars wondered how he was going to explain all this back home, but then decided to let them argue with Bogan if they could. He rose and left after the profusion of courtesies the formality demanded.
Chaiko looked after the departing leader and wondered about the power that they all ascribed to Bogan and how necessary at times it was. They needed the protocol too, but he had wished it were not so inflexible. So you could bend it to your will? he asked himself sardonically.
Again it had been a full day, with unexpected surprises wherever he turned. But he felt once more centered and in balance within himself. Silently he again thanked Dawn.

Chapter 14
The next morning the story got around to all the campfires that the boys were choosing one of their own to be a Head-Boy. There seemed to be an intense competition between a Makeye, a Pelican-Sands and a Black-Pearl. The Makeye was named Fogat, famous already for running down an antelope in an open field, jumping on its back and breaking its neck. He was fast by all accounts and in this race he had a clear lead. It was, however, rumored that Corrigan had his minions secretly gaining support for a Black-Pearl youth. Certainly the Head-Shaman coveted every honor and had reacted swiftly.
By midmorning, fresh news swept through the entire Gathering like wildfire. The girls were likewise electing a Head-Girl! Had anybody ever heard such nonsense!? Boys and girls electing each other as if they had equal rights with adults??! At this fresh news, the indulgence of the morning that had greeted the boys’ efforts was suddenly overwhelmed by an upsurge of indignation regarding both efforts, which were now seen as a mocking parody of the adults’ attempts. What was the world coming to?
The women tried to pin the girls down without much success. Then they tried to change the format to be more like their own, to elect a Council of Girls, or a Triumvirate, but unbelievably the girls held out and refused to accommodate their mothers. So it came about that covering their faces, the girls ran through the camp chanting, “Girl, girl, girl, Head-Girl!”
Not surprisingly boys were likewise soon running about yelling, “Boys to the fore!” The stables were soon in full pursuit of them but the boys were quick and melted into the crowd, making a saucy game of it.
“What are they yelling?” an irate father asked his son.
“Boys to the fore!” his son promptly replied; the authority in the voice should have told the father something.
“Boys to the what?” the father queried, still peeved by the obvious flaunting of authority. “What does that mean?”
“I don’t know,” the son admitted sheepishly, but it was a great rallying cry.
“What is this world coming to?” The father sadly shook his head.
By the lake at their usual haunt, the commotion was the loudest and even very young boys came to join in the continuous protest. “Boys to the fore! Boys to the fore!”
Twice the stables invaded the place, their staves swinging but had to retreat ignobly under a deluge of smelly lake-bottom mud slung at them. Some clumps were embedded with leeches who did not waste such an opportunity. Slimy wads of algae proved to be equally effective at holding off a further incursion of the stables. It was the most exhilarating time the boys had ever experienced.
“Boys! Boys!” the mass of them chanted in the face of their antagonists, fuming at a safe distance. At times a line of girls appeared on the ridgeline, their faces covered, waving reeds and chanting their battle cry, “Girls! Girls!” The young people were in perfect agreement in this, and demonstrated solidarity with each others’ efforts. Mares, a stable, could not stand the constant taunting and made an ill fated charge toward the girls to discipline them. This riled up the boys and they swarmed the stables driving them from the field. The victors held the high ground in triumph. “Boys! Boys! Girls! Girls!” echoed all around the camp hill.
This commotion set the whole camp in a fresh uproar. All events for that day were in disarray as people hurriedly packed their stuff securely. Families huddled close together in the safety of their camp, afraid to range abroad. What was happening? Rumors flew that the stables were variously massacred or that some of the boys were badly beaten and bleeding. In a few cases, there was some truth in this hearsay. An odd boy was trapped on a wrong spot and beaten but never badly and the stables were repeatedly repelled wherever they made an effort to reassert their control.
By midday the disturbance subsided as people rejoined their families to eat. Parents warned their children to desist and on the whole they were obeyed. But it had been exciting even for the adults, who had a glimpse of chaos so close to the surface, so easily provoked.
All morning, Chaiko had been holding his breath. Through Ruba he had instigated the turbulence of the morning, but found to his dismay that his ruse worked too well. All he had intended was to have the boys and girls demonstrate to their elders how childish the grownups were in their constant posturing. Chaiko wanted to defuse a situation that was escalating again between the men and the women. “Don’t fight fire with fire,” he admonished himself. He was surprised how enthusiastically the young people had gone on the rampage.
By late afternoon calm had returned with no further incidents reported. The more thoughtful began to draw similarities between the young and the grownups, often not to the adults’ credit. After considerable internal discussion that got quite heated at times, the men issued a proclamation that the women had every right to their council and the boys and girls were free to choose their own. The women likewise issued a similar announcement that respected the right of all to choose.
Both of these concessions resulted in an impromptu celebration by the young as they paraded through camp, girls and boys freely mixed. There was much laughter in the relaxed atmosphere. Still the old just shook their heads in disapproval. They had never been part of a Gathering like this!
All in all, Chaiko had succeeded, though in retrospect the risks were unacceptable. But all sides were talking respectfully with one another. Only Corrigan again felt deprived; he was unsure how, but it did not reflect favorably upon him that for a time he had lost control and the camp was at the whim of unruly elements. He set his hounds sniffing all over camp to find the main culprits, vaguely suspecting that upstart Chaiko again. Rubbing his hands in glee, he hoped fervently to be proven right. He would gladly crush the miserable miscreant.
It was early evening before Chaiko went to get his teaching for the day as he had promised himself. He found Tomakon untouched by the uproar of the day. He readily told a story: “There was once a man who so enjoyed the feel of the sun on his face that he constantly turned toward it like the flowers in the fields. He loved the tender caress of its warm touch so soft on his skin and he admired the blazing beauty of the sun. Was there anything more glorious? Surely not! The trouble was that after admiring so much perfection the rest of the world seemed cold and drab. So all the more the man sought out the sun to admire the beauty of its glow. Little by little the man lost sight of the real world and he became blind to its charms, believing there was but one truth and that was hidden in the sun. His reverence had eventually blinded him, and in his memory even the sun lost its lustre. The rest of his life was dark and cheerless.”
Chaiko hurried over to Lefay to see what teaching he would receive. Lefay obliged him readily. “There was an eagle who was enticed by the wide freedom of the sky and it flew ever higher. Above the clouds it flew into regions even above the wind and still the eagle flew nearer and nearer the sun. The warmth increased on his expanded wings until it grew too warm. Only then the eagle sought to turn away, but was blinded by the great brightness surrounding it. Confused, it did not know up from down anymore, and thinking itself flying away from the sun, instead flew straight into it and was burned up in its fire.” Lefay then added quietly, “So it is with great fame, it blinds those too near it, and burns those who seek it too closely.”
Chaiko blinked trying to decide whether he had heard the same story twice again. There were certain amazing similarities. “And this Bogan taught you?”
“Yes. Just as you heard it from me, so he told me,” Lefay attested.
“Then why do you not teach it to everyone?” Chaiko probed.
“Bogan said teach only those who beseech you to be taught. Otherwise it is like pouring water onto sand, it can’t hold it but straightaway loses it.” Lefay shrugged. “Instead I tell them, ‘An eye closed can’t see, an ear not listening will not hear and a mind not thinking will not be enlightened.’ Such is the wisdom we teach the rest. Such sayings we chew into their mouths that they can quote them to one another, so that Bogan will be remembered.” Lefay turned his palm the other way. “But I speak to those who have ears, let them think, as my teacher taught me. Teach yourself.”
“Teach myself? Be my own teacher?”
“Exactly. And that was the essence of all of Bogan’s teachings. Look, see, think and in time the answers will come to you.” Chaiko shook his head; he was too often full of doubt to be sure of anything. Lefay smiled sympathetically. “My young friend, you don’t have to see all the trees to know that you are in the forest.” After that cryptic statement he said no more and Chaiko had to leave, again unsatisfied. Did that mean that a person didn’t have to know everything all at once... or ever?
Back at camp, Ushi looked at Chaiko intently and wagged a finger at him in reproach. His co-conspirator, Ruba, smiled a half-suppressed smile of triumph, his eyes much-knowing. The rest seemed oblivious to his involvement in the events of the last days and Chaiko had no intention of enlightening them.
Near evening, Ruba came to Chaiko. In spite of the elation of the day the young man was unusually downcast. The excitement had stirred up all his emotions, good and bad, even those dark fears that had been haunting him. Perhaps he also feared some retribution for his guilty participation. For some time now, he had been feeling the loss of both parents; his father had drowned, and his mother Nebu was still lost in her grief for him. His younger brother Ork had become a stranger, still pursuing childish things. Ruba poured out to the shaman. “I have grown smaller instead of larger. I am less than a beetle crawling in the grass wondering about the horizon. I am like a fish that finds water irritating. I am like a bird without feathers. Like a fox stripped of his cunning...”
Chaiko listened to the young man sympathetically. Chaiko had also lost his parents early, having to grow up without them, but then he had had an older brother to shelter him. Finally, Ruba ran out of complaints and lapsed into an expectant silence. Sure, waiting for me to be wise and fix things, Chaiko thought a little sourly to himself, yet aware of how much he wanted to help Ruba.
“Have you noticed,” the shaman said, “how a wounded fruit tries to ripen earlier than the rest, to ensure maturity of its seed before spoiling? You were wounded too, and had to grow up fast on your own, but take heart, you are hardier for your loss, stronger, for you must now lead yourself. as there is no one to lead you. I know you feel like a shadow that has lost its object and you feel ... exposed, but you are no less for it. The things that happened to you, you did not have a hand in...” After the shaman gave these reassuring words, Ruba left in a lighter mood, relieved of his brooding, much like Chaiko had been just a few days before.
Chaiko was left pondering about Ruba. He thought of Bogan. How would he have handled the situation? Probably by teaching some riddle to distract Ruba! Unfair, he admonished himself. Bogan would have first listened as Chaiko had done. Then he would have taken each of Ruba’s complaints and would have turned them, one by one, into an advantage. What had the boy said? A fox stripped of its cunning? A fox lives by his wits, making use of every opportunity. Being stripped of cunning would teach the fox sincerity, for doesn’t some pretence underlie cunning? And hides the self in deception? But would he want a more sincere Ruba? Was not Ruba sincere enough already? Safer perhaps to do what he had done; talk about misfortune and how misfortune makes one stronger... forcing the unfortunate to grow up hardier, because of being... unprotected. Chaiko’s mind flashed lightning fast to the teaching of the great tree protecting the young tree. Was that about Ruba? Could not be, for Chaiko was sure that Ruba would survive. Still it put into a new context that an overprotected person was not taught to survive but to become dependent. It was such dependence that Chaiko himself had fought all his life, even though he, the cripple, had every excuse for it. He chewed and chewed on this. More it seemed to him that the teaching fit him more than Ruba. Later he told Dawn about the teaching of the trees, and his thoughts about it.
After listening and considering, Dawn said, “We women tell ourselves not to hold our children too tight, for one day they will have to grow up to be persons of their own. We all want to protect our children and shield them from any harm. The temptation we have to resist is to overprotect them. Bogan was trying to teach you that.”
Exactly! Chaiko thought in a sudden flash of realisation. The feeling he had in studying Bogan’s teachings was that Bogan was trying to teach him, Chaiko, the shaman of the Standing-Rock Clan, something of value hidden in something common. It was as if Bogan was trying to reach out to him across time. But that is impossible! Chaiko thought, shivers flashing up and down his spine. Quite impossible! Yet the more he went over the teachings the more he felt that they applied to him personally. But he could find no proof, just feelings. He clutched Bogan’s tellmark, his mind in a turmoil. You can’t trust feelings, he reprimanded himself, and tried to throw the feelings away... at least, shut them out of his mind.
It took him a while to find a more satisfactory explanation. To have any value at all, all teaching ought to evoke the feeling that it was meant personally... or else, why teach at all? The learner must lead all teaching back to himself, if for no other reason than to test its validity. Slogans and pithy sayings, although valuable as anchors of knowledge and moral reminders were not enough by themselves, though people often used them as if they were. How often was Bogan quoted without understanding? Only to gain an advantage? The sayings were a reminder of an underlying principle, not edicts onto themselves.
Soon Chaiko found himself brooding again. He felt the weight of the morning fully on him. He had acted covertly, manipulating events, directing them at his will. Just what gave you the right to do that? he asked himself over and over again. Was he sincerely trying to defuse a charged-up situation? Look how nearly it turned into chaos. Was sincerity alone enough to justify what he did? Then what was the difference between himself and Corrigan? Was not Corrigan in his younger days sincere too? He, most certainly, did not want to turn into another Corrigan!
“Do even in darkness what you would in light, so that you will not be ashamed, but walk in the lightness of a clear conscience,” he murmured another of Bogan’s maxims. He resolved that in as much as he could, he would act in a straightforward manner, not be duplicitous, not hide from his left hand what his right hand was doing. Do not obscure the truth!
Before nightfall Tomakon stopped by and gave Chaiko a handful of plants. “Best to soak it in water for a while and then drink it quickly. In a count of two hands, you will see... what you will see,” Tomakon said mysteriously. The Spirit Seed! Chaiko’s heart picked up speed. Maybe the way to the elusive spirit world.
As darkness stole into the landscape and people settled down for the night, Chaiko shredded the plant and soaked it in a wooden bowl. He sniffed at it, but couldn’t recognize the faint odor. Then he tilted his head back and gulped it down in two swallows. It had almost no taste, but a tingling that flowed down into his stomach. Then he waited, counting out two hands. He didn’t know what to expect, but was surprised to feel nothing. After all the build up, he had expected more than this.
Chaiko then thought of what Dawn had said. “There is only one truth,” then added, and we all must walk in its light. But how can only one truth hold everything together? Could just one really be enough? He looked at the darkness of the sky above. At the whole sky, with luminescent clouds of stars extending from one horizon to the other, and he began to appreciate the wisdom of the saying. For if the whole sky was the truth, then each shining star was part of it, yet each distinct and separate. If you look to one star alone, you lose the sky. It was the sky that proved the stars, not the other way around, as truth must be reflected in everything! A star alone is lost, without reference. Yet the eyes could not behold the whole sky and the mind the entire size of it. The scope of his thoughts took his breath away, dizzying him with their speed. He was highly excited. Was this part of the spirit world or was this real? Had he somehow passed through the Rainbow-Gate of all knowledge?
Like old times, he thought, he was up by the fire while the rest were sleeping soundly all around him. But the mental storm raged on and he dared not miss a heartbeat of it. He struggled to hold onto it all. However the harder he tried, the harder it was to keep things together. What had seemed so clear a thought before, was dissolving into the chill of the night. He felt a coldness embrace him.
It was the Spirit Seed! Chaiko realized, a barrage of illumination. Each distinct and concise, uncontaminated. But how to weave it all together into a comprehensive whole, that could be put into words and be communicated?
When light crept into the world he was still up and struggling with the detail of everything he had thought and sensed. The wonderful clarity was gone. The all encompassing quality was gone, shrunk to ordinary proportions again. He fought against this transience, driven by his customary desperation, but he had to believe that it was all now a part of him, and was underneath and behind every other thought.
Dawn stirred, then sat bolt upright as she realized that he was still up. His face shone with an unusual radiance, but she could see the tiredness beneath. Reading some great significance in his posture and wondering where his thoughts had taken him, she hurried over to him.
“It was beautiful ...” he told her, “a storm of ideas... truth... honor... light... all part of one another...” Suddenly he had grown quite inarticulate. How could he explain the whole world? For one night it had been very clear: each star sharp and clear, yet he had never lost the sense of the whole sky, and it had not evaporated into nothing. Reluctantly he closed his eyes, loath to let go, loath to sink back into the doubt of ignorance.
Throughout the day people came by looking for him. They were surprised to find him sleeping, but Dawn refused to wake him.
“How can a body sleep so much?” Ushi complained after checking for the third time.
“He was up all night,” Dawn told him simply and the trader nodded, yes, he knew this habit of the shaman to use the quiet of the night to do his thinking.
Tomakon also came by. Probably wanting to tell another of Bogan’s teachings, Dawn thought. It is strange how learning obligates one to teach, to pass along and keep the learning alive. That was the blessing and the curse of it. It was all so fragile, so hard to win, and so easily lost. “A raindrop can only fall once, for it can’t fall upward against the weight of itself,” she whispered, Ekulan wisdom she had learned as a child.
When finally Chaiko did awaken into the cast of mid afternoon shadows hiding from the shimmering skies, Dawn gave him food, Yael climbed all over him and people came to claim his attention. He found it hard to attend to them; his thoughts returned to the night to recapture that wonderful clarity, but he could not find the thread to lead him back there.
Ruba brought a catfish he had caught, doubtless grateful for yesterday’s attention. Dawn thanked him and Chaiko nodded pleasantly at him. Yes, the shaman thought, I will be father to the fatherless, just as Bogan would have been. Dawn and Fire-Dancer fussed over the fish. Cleaned it, seasoned it with dill and lemon grass, and wrapped it in a tight bundle of cane leaves, which they soaked for a time. They placed it on a bed of pebbles in a shallow pit, which they covered with more pebbles and then with fire. In no time the fish was done, the meat tender and steaming, falling off the spines. But Chaiko could find no taste in his tender portion.
Baer came too, sat down and looked his brother over. There was a shine in Chaiko’s face that disturbed the leader of the Standing-Rock Clan. Talking with the spirits, Baer guessed, shamans were supposed to do that, but his brother? The eyes of the shaman seemed to look through him and Baer kept turning around to see what the shaman could be looking at.
“If it was a foot race, I would say Turbold is a short step ahead, having enlisted the support of most of the eastern clans. We too, must choose sides, but which side?” Baer puzzled.
To Chaiko, who had experienced the whole cosmos, this question seemed so minuscule. He sighed and tried to concentrate. “There are seasons to the actions of men, and probably it is time to find out what a Chief could bring to the clans.”
“Yes, but which side?”
“Does it matter?” Chaiko said wearily. “Let’s make a western choice then and vote with our neighbors.” Baer nodded; there was logic in that, but he also wanted to make the “right” choice. He said so, and gave reasons, comparing one side with the other. He left grumbling under his breath when he noted that Chaiko was not really listening.
Ushi presented himself again and talked earnestly at Chaiko who just nodded mechanically. “How am I free to make choices when the choice is so limited? Among Standing-Rock there are so few unattached females to begin with, fewer still that look halfway alluring. The best ones are taken already...” He spoke himself free at length and then left, thanking the shaman profusely for such a good talk. He had not noticed that the shaman had not contributed a single word throughout.
Lefay then showed up. “I missed you at the Council. As did Tomakon and even Corrigan noticed your absence. He likes to keep an eye on all of us, presuming, I suppose, that we are all plotting against him.”
Chaiko thought that Lefay could appreciate the vastness of his experience and he tried to express it, but could not find the right words. Each word that came to mind was inadequate, often heading in the wrong direction. After an inarticulate attempt he gave up. Had he really glimpsed the whole of their world and the full meaning of life? And for a brief time, understood it all?
As Lefay looked at him strangely, Chaiko struggled back to reality. He again was making sense though he was saying nothing of significance. Their whole lives were made up of such trivialities; each breath feather light, a necessity and not inconsequential. Such was the pulse beat of life.
“My young friend, believe me I understand,” Lefay finally said before leaving. “Spirit Seed has that effect. But don’t trust it entirely. You might experience the feeling of clarity and wisdom but not their true essence. You have to first test it and prove it for yourself.”
Chaiko was confused. Had he seen truth or felt only its emotion shadow? How was he to test the difference?
It was not until nightfall that Chaiko gained back his perspective. Life was the focus, significant or not; thoughts were the illusion, they remained trapped in the mind, so rarely communicated. He shook off the lassitude and his mood swung the other way. Suddenly he was not only wide awake, he craved excitement. Enough sitting around, it was time to do something! Dawn was just settling down to sleep when her mate abruptly appeared and wanted her to get up.
“Sure,” she said, “you have slept all day.”
“Come. I know just the place where we could be alone. As we were on the plain,” he whispered in a voice that promised many things. Her heartbeat quickened. She got up, crawled to her sister, nudged her awake and asked her to watch the children. Fire-Dancer rose to an elbow and looked puzzled after Dawn and Chaiko as they disappeared into the moonlit landscape. Where were they going at this time of night? She yawned and settled down again; she would ask about it tomorrow.
It was easy to see, for the full moon filled the night with a silver blue light. There was a touch of dew on the grass and their feet soon got wet crossing the meadow, following the path along the lake shore. Fireflies winked in the distance like sparks dancing in the balmy air. The path took them through a field of cane, the stalks rustling gently above their heads. Something small scurried off underfoot and a few halftones of complaint sounded as they startled a sleeping creature nearby. They passed a lake then another. Where is he taking me? Dawn was beginning to wonder: still, a good mate does not ask, but follows.
“Here it is.” Chaiko pointed to an old willow perched just on the lakeshore, half its crown above the water, the other half over land. Chaiko pushed aside the cascade of trailing branches and led her underneath its shadow. There was some soft grass beneath the tree, not hardened by the sun. The restless motion of the branches kept the insects away. It was magical: the air was silken smooth; the surface of the lake shivered with delight at the soft caress of wind; the moon gleamed on the water.
There were the usual small sounds of insects and the rustlings of foliage. Occasionally a fish would jump into the air and land with a silver froth of splash, with gentle ripples radiating out from this center.
Dawn was peering through the curtain of switches hanging from the tree, forming such a perfect secret hideaway. “How did you come upon this place?” she asked.
“Fishing,” he replied, remembering the old man Saasha and the stories he told about Bogan. “This is a nice spot. You would not think it, but on a sunny day the fish like to collect in the shadows under this old willow.” He walked to the edge and dipped his hands into the water. It felt only a little cooler than the air and tender as a soft touch. “Let us go swimming!” he burst out impulsively.
“Now?” Dawn asked, somehow shocked.
“Yes, now,” and Chaiko was already undoing his wooden leg. He then cast off his skins and naked, he slipped into the water.
“But, but...” she stammered, because the proposal seemed so indecent.
“Come. The water is fine,” he coaxed. Dawn wanted to protest but knew that in the darkness, there was nobody around to spy on them. Still somewhat reluctantly she slipped out of her wrap and quickly ran into the water, hiding herself. It seemed such a long time since he had seen her naked, almost three children ago. She was again shy, but feeling deliciously aware of the flow of water embracing her. Then she saw him approaching imperceptibly slowly but with that intent of a hunter on the stalk. In the darkness she blushed and backed away from him. He laughed delightedly, a sound so free of concern, just desire coloring the tone. He advanced toward her just a little bit. Such a harmless little bit.
Dawn backed through the sheltering circumference of branches trailing into the water and quickly swam a few strokes under the open skies. The moon was so large and bright that only a few of the brightest stars were visible in the moon’s neighborhood. A few tatters of clouds seemed suspended in the sky.
She was swimming with long, graceful strokes pulling herself through the water. Chaiko was just behind, thrashing somewhat to compensate for the missing leg. They were like two otters playing in the water under a benign moon highlighting the silver foam in their wake. He could not catch her, of course, until she pretended to grow weary and made it a closer chase, risking at times to allow him within reach. Eventually he got her with a bold lunge, his hands closed about her waist and then there was no escape. He pulled her half onto shore and the weight of him pinned her to the smooth clay. But she was not resisting him anymore. Her mouth sought out his, her arms tightened around him, holding him close and wanting him closer still. The urgency held them together, bodies pressing into each other. The waves spread across the surface, from bodies heaving, limbs flailing; wave after wave coursed out across the lake.
Afterwards there was again quiet, their breathing light and relaxed. Chaiko could see every detail of the land, and did not care what lay beyond. For the moment he was not concerned with what tomorrow might bring. He smiled a very wide, silly smile. Dawn was looking searchingly at him. “Are you happy?” she asked.
“Happy?” he tasted the world. “Who has time to be happy?” he asked more of himself than of her, a little shocked at how it came out. “I should be happy,” he tried to make amends, “I have the loveliest of mates, three strong children, a family and a clan to belong to. Yes, I should be happy for I am amply blessed. It is just that I never think like that.” Why not? he asked himself. “I think when I stopped being bitter, and gave up my pain and hurt, I stopped counting happiness as well. Is that not strange?”
“No. You had much to be bitter about, but you broke free of that. That is behind you now. But your children will not understand your pain. Not yet, anyway. And so you must teach them to... count happiness.”
Chaiko cast a pebble into the water, and watched the ripple expand into a growing circle. “You are right. The children know me only as father. They do not know of the cripple that was.” He cast another stone into the water. “But let’s not talk of such earnest things. Let’s just enjoy this gift of a perfect night.”
“Yes,” she agreed, but thought to herself that no night could be entirely perfect when such issues had not been resolved and laid to rest. But men think like that, with just a corner of their minds. They are to be pitied for the narrow view, but envied for the freedom it provides. An orchestra of crickets rose in volume, and a baritone frog broke in occasionally. They lay thus, half on a slip of clay, their legs still in the water.
The night was full of a rare magic; the air was mild and personal, the gentlest of caresses as it flowed over their bodies. The light danced and sparkled on the water, drawing boldly with silver froth and dark shadows. A gentle smell drifted in the air from the cane fields, giving back the sun they had soaked up all day.
She turned to him and regarded his face etched in the moonlight. He was relaxed, she knew, he always was after their sex play. She said softly, “I love you.”
He looked at her and smiled back. “I love you very much. I hope you know how much.”
A nighthawk was cruising above the lake, searching for a telltale ripple of a fish breaking the surface. The bird was confused by wave after wave crossing the lake and being reflected by the far shore. The bird stalled in the air, slipped to the side, then let the air catch under its wings in a smooth glide, tracking the waves back to their source. Half on shore, two figures were still locked in a tight embrace and new waves continued to radiate out from them. The hawk swooped by them then with determined wing beats, turned south to search out another lake, for this one was already claimed by the strange figures on shore.

Chapter 15
Ruba sat off to the side observing the camp, trying to catch a glimpse of Cora. With each breath he pined for her, aching just to be near her, but the girl studiously ignored him, at times visibly rebuffing even his casual glances.
People bustled about doing morning chores, getting ready for another exciting day. There were some races planned for midmorning and storytelling for the afternoon, capped off with dancing and singing in the cool of the evening and then visiting around the campfires. Everyone was conscious that half the Gathering was now over and this fed their sense of urgency to get as much as they could from this rare event. Four years was a long time to wait to meet friends again.
Ruba had seen Cora talk with a Blackfoot boy, and he was much afraid that his chosen girl would find some other attachment. He felt desperate. He thought of going to the shaman to ask for his advice, but thought better of it, for asking also obligated him to follow through on the advice given whether he liked it or not, and he was not sure he could risk his own desires on someone else’s counsel, even from someone as wise as he held Chaiko to be. But then how was he to help himself?
He saw Lana walk out of camp with the water bag in her hand, obviously intending to get some water. Ruba ran to his place, grabbed the water bag but had to empty it because his mother had already been to the stream. Intercepting Lana, he offered to fill her water bag too. Lana looked at him in some surprise as it was not his habit to be so helpful, but then accepted his offer. Ruba went off happily to fill both bags. There was a constant line-up of people there waiting patiently to fill their bags, careful not to disturb the clear water. The line was short this morning and he was soon back on his way, pleased to provide any service for the one person beside Tara that Cora truly loved. He gave the bag to Lana who again looked appraisingly at him, and thanked him nicely. Crow looked up to see the gangly youth standing awkwardly around, uncertain what to do next. Crow invited him to sit which the boy did with unusual alacrity.
“Are you racing today?” Ruba asked Crow who was rubbing some ointment onto his leg.
“No,” Crow replied and changed to his other leg. “One race for me was enough.”
“And now you are famous for it,” Ruba mused, his face thoughtful.
“Not really,” Crow declined, “not like Chaiko or Tusk. After all I came in only third.”
“But no one expected it of you,” Ruba insisted. “You were a surprise.”
“Well, I guess maybe.”
“No, no. You were a huge surprise! And that is why people remember your name now.” Ruba was thinking hard. “Yesterday I introduced myself to a Pelican-Sands boy; he could name Chaiko, then you as from Standing-Rock Clan, then no one else.”
“Really?” Crow asked not all that much impressed.
“You think I could run in today’s foot race?” Ruba asked suddenly. “And come in at least third?”
Crow was taken aback. The boy seemed so hungry for fame! “It is a long race, almost as long as the one I ran,” Crow said, not intending to be dubious, and trying to inflect a little more enthusiasm into his tone. “You could do well, for you have long legs and an easy glide.”
“People used to call me legs, for I am still all legs,” Ruba said, excited by the idea.
“Running is only in part a matter of legs,” Crow said carefully; “most of running takes place in the heart. You have to find a reason to run. And to keep running when your muscles are burning and lungs are bursting. Running alone is not enough. You have to have something else on the inside.”
“I do,” Ruba said with such conviction that Crow couldn’t doubt him.
“Then, go! Be in the race,” Crow said, but then advised, “Do not be too quick to use up your strength. Remember to save some for the last.” The boy nodded and was off. Crow had to call after him, “Don’t run yet! Save your strength!”
“What did he want?” Lana asked her mate as they both looked after the departing boy.
“Chasing his dream I expect,” Crow said but then shrugged for he did not know what dreams Ruba had.
“Uh-oh,” Lana voiced, as she was a little more observant in this area than Crow; she had more of an idea what motivated Ruba. “Good, let’s us go and see the race then.” Crow was intending to anyway but was surprised by Lana’s sudden interest.
“We have time,” he said checking the position of the sun.
At Chaiko and Dawn’s fire everybody was preparing for another day at the Gathering and all were cheerful. Fire-Dancer mustered her sister inquisitively: just where had they gone last night? What they did she did not need to ask. Both had a languid quality about them that revealed that they had thoroughly enjoyed themselves. The couple exchanged looks and secret smiles and Fire-Dancer realized just how very much in love they still were. How lucky her sister was!
Yael and Wild-of-Wind were wrestling and tumbling about, making a mess of the covers. More than once the mothers had to separate them and calm them down, but as soon as their backs were turned the two would be at it again, shrieking with excitement. Dawn just tried to keep them away from the placid twins, who were sleepy, full of milk.
Baer passed by calling out to Chaiko, “Turbold is in the lead but we are supporting Solenex with our neighbors. I hope that we have your approval.” Chaiko just nodded and his brother hurried away.
Shortly after Tanya came by, announcing, “We are going to the foot race. Ruba is running. Come yell and cheer for him. He is going to need it as there are good runners in that field.”
“It would be nice to see him run,” Dawn said with her usual composure.
“True, but it would be nicer still to see him win,” Tanya said; she always had to hide her competitive nature.
Ile was skeptical of the boy’s chances. “Surely you don’t expect him to win?”
“No, but placing well would be enough,” Lana said very quietly. Dawn looked at her; now what did she know?
The race started on time. There was a large field taking part, as this was an open race allowing anyone to compete. There was not much betting going on, as those who still had something left to risk could find few takers. The favorite was Selan, an Omaani, and Ushi warned everyone not to bet against him. As far as second or third places were concerned, it could be almost anybody.
The signal was given with a loud, “Go! Go! Gone!” And the field was off, flailing out with elbows to gain a little running room. There was a congestion around the first bend where someone tripped and a whole bunch piled on top of him. There were loud curses ringing through the air and mothers had to cover their children’s ears. It got sorted out after a while but quite a few hopefuls had lost their chance right there.
The Standing-Rock Clan stood near the finish line at the centre of the close, surrounded by a sizeable crowd. A lot of people had friends or family running in the race, anxiously awaiting the runners’ turn into the final stretch. They all strained to follow the progress of the cheering around the camp as the race reached each point. They tried to guess who could be in the lead, but the roar was too indistinct. Finally a visible disturbance touched the crowd waiting around the last bend: the runners were coming! The sound increased as the tide of the race approached, and people were now hurrying to try to peer ahead.
“Can you see anything?” came from all sides as they craned their necks.
“Not yet,” came back from those with a more favored view.
The tension was about to snap, when a fresh commotion surged into view.
“Who is it?”
“It’s Selan!” Ushi called out joyously, cheering his clansman on. “I used to run against his father.”
“Who is second?” was demanded, for somebody was running just behind.
“I don’t know.”
“It’s Toma!” somebody called out proudly and the crowd around him started to cheer.
“Who is third?”
“Nobody yet,” as there seemed quite a gap following first and second.
A new wave burst through and a fresh group fought its way through the crowd.
“It’s Ruba! Ruba is third!” Crow yelled, and the Standing-Rock crowd started to scream in excitement. “Ruba! Run Ruba! Run!” Ruba was laboring with a youth right behind him. “Who is that?” But no one knew.
First Selan and second Toma crossed the finish line; the crowd surged around them and the two collapsed into the arms of their supporters. Third place was still undecided. Ruba was still leading, but his face was screwed up in pain as his heart commanded his body to obey. The boy behind him was lighter built and still had a bounce to his stride. Tay was jumping up and down in her excitement and Ela was stuffing a corner of her wrap into her mouth to keep from screaming. The overtones had to be coming from Lana. Even Cora seemed caught up in the frenzy of the race. With the finish line just ahead both runners attempted the utmost, but Ruba’s body could give him no more. Ruba held the boy off till the last few steps, when the boy went by him in a surprise surge. Gasping Ruba closed his eyes not to see the boy cross just ahead of him. He felt terribly ashamed. He had lost the third spot, right in front of the girl he tried to impress. His sides hurt and his leg muscles quivered and his toes cramped up. He collapsed and tried to straighten the hard lump of muscles that held him in such agony. The Standing-Rock Clan pulled him to safety, just as more runners arrived to collapse into the hands of friends and family.
“Well done,” Crow praised Ruba. “You fought all the way and did not give up.”
“Good showing,” Baer congratulated the boy who was still gasping for breath. He looked about beseechingly, but Cora had turned away from him. His heart sank and he wanted to disappear.
“Good going, well done.” Chaiko reached out an arm to steady the boy. Cosh and Tusk grabbed Ruba on either side and carried him away from the press where he could collapse on the grass, his chest still heaving for air. They came by one and all congratulating him, all except one—the one for whom he had done all this.
It took a while for Ruba to catch his breath, and quiet his hammering heart. When he stood up, he nearly keeled over; others were quick to grab him. A fresh spasm of cramps hit his legs, which jerked obscenely. Crow had Ork ran back to camp for a carrying skin, into which they tumbled Ruba and conveyed him home. Nebu received him with concern and quickly stuck him into his furs. Someone gave him a water skin and he nearly choked trying to drink from it. Nebu then shooed people away; let the boy rest. Ruba was in despair. All had been for nothing. If she could have just smiled at him, everything would have been all right, but she had not, and turned away, rejecting him yet again. The good thing was that his body was too tired and escaped into sleep.
The rest talked eagerly about what a good race it had been and that no one had expected Ruba to do so well. “The boy has heart,” Crow summed it up.
“Yes he has,” Lana agreed quietly, convinced that she was looking at it. Cora looked back at her, her face innocent. She was still so young.
In the afternoon Chaiko attended the sitting of the Council. For some reason Corrigan appeared unusually subdued. Perhaps the man was tired, Chaiko mused; it was being rumored that the Head-Shaman was breaking in a new girl to warm his covers at night. But Corrigan looked more tired than satiated.
In the quiet some of the others ventured an opinion. Baku was recommending that the Council explore an active role in the ongoing contest for a Chief. “Why should we not express an interest in the proceedings? Whoever becomes a Chief, we will have to deal with. Someone puffed up with his own importance...”
That last seemed to penetrate Corrigan’s lassitude. “If the Leaders think they need a Chief, why should we stand in their way? We certainly do not invite them to meddle in our affairs.” His tone was harsh with sarcasm.
“No, of course not,” Baku hurriedly backtracked but the others sat up stunned. This was such a reversal of the Head-Shaman’s position that everyone was caught by surprise. Chaiko exchanged a quick look with Tomakon. Both clambered to their feet, both slowly, Tomakon because of age and Chaiko because of his wooden leg. Still Chaiko was first to get out the words. “It seems we have only two serious contenders. Turbold has the support of the east and Solinex that of the west. About even by all the talk that’s going around.” Chaiko swept the assembled with his eyes, counting support. Like a fisherman he gave a tug on the line to entice the fish to bite. Would it then? “The question is, whom should we support? In the morning I tend to lean toward Turbold, but by afternoon I tend to switch to Solinex,” he said trying a little humor.
“Perhaps you should look more to the north,” Corrigan said, his voice awash with sarcasm again. The fish had bit on the lure! Chaiko thought feverishly. Corrigan must have made some kind of deal with... perhaps Taeko of the Nedra? A shrewd choice. He could steal support from both east and west, perhaps making it a three-way logjam. Whichever way things went, Corrigan held the balance of power and could tip it any way he chose.
Chaiko smiled as if gratified, deliberately misunderstanding. “A great choice, Laars of Lesser-Bear-Claw is a wise...”
Corrigan exploded out of his seat, “Who said anything of Laars??! I meant Taeko of the Nedra...” then he controlled himself and quickly hid behind a bland smile.
“Taeko is a worthy man, too,” Chaiko hastened to correct himself. He knew little of the man, except that he had obviously made some unholy accommodation with the Head-Shaman. That bespoke ambition, and a willingness to subjugate himself to Corrigan’s will. Chaiko then shrugged his shoulders and, with a great reluctance creeping into his voice, added, “There could only be one minor objection to such a meritorious choice...” Everyone leaned forward, anxious to catch his next words.
“Spit it out man or swallow it!” Corrigan glowered at Chaiko.
“It is only that he is left-handed,” Chaiko said almost apologetically. The utterance took everyone aback. Yes, of course, but what was the significance there? Only the superstition that luck was on the right side. No one claimed that a left-handed man was unlucky; they only acted like it was a fact. Corrigan was furious. He did not want to have his protégé devalued in any way.
“Well Standing-Rock you had better sit before you stick your other foot in your mouth, and find it is made of wood too.” There was a twitter at this, but Chaiko was pleased, he had taken a little wind out of the great man’s plans. Beside it was always good to know what an opponent was up to. He smiled at Tomakon who smiled back, stretching the loose flap of his lower lip all the way to his nose, giving a very disconcerting look to his face.
Corrigan then dismissed the meeting before any more damage could occur. The shamans drifted away. Lefay caught up with Chaiko and asked, “Do you really care who is going to be Chief?”
“No, not much. I just don’t want him under Corrigan’s influence, indebted to our Head-Shaman.”
“Good point,” Lefay nodded thoughtfully.
Chaiko hurried back to let Baer know of this latest development, but his brother was not back yet from his pursuits. Chaiko sat by his fire, lost in thought.
Nebu approached, to Chaiko’s surprise, and made a gesture of supplication. When Chaiko motioned to her, she sat down across from him. Her face was pinched and concerned; there was no need here for any protocol.
“My boy...” she hesitated, “is hurting.”
“Ruba?” the shaman asked, his eyebrows raised.
“Yes...” then she looked away. “He used to be such a mischievous boy, full of jokes and spirit. Yet all that went out of him.” Her eyes filled with tears. “He has no father...” she could not say more.
“He has many fathers,” Chaiko corrected her very gently.
“Yes. Of course. I thank you,” she said wiping her eyes with her covering then clearing her throat. “But he might not know that. He feels alone and lacks...” she was searching for words.
“Confidence?” Chaiko suggested.
“Yes, confidence.” She looked up, forcing her eyes to stay on him. “He is full of doubt and dares not hope.”
That was well put, he thought, looking closely at her. She was trying to be a mother again. How could he help? “Yes he carries his loss inside. He then sees your pain and takes some of it on himself as well...”
Her eyes panicked, seeking a way out, somewhere to hide from the shaman’s gaze. He looked away to give her time to compose herself. But that turned out to be a mistake, for when he looked up her eyes were empty. “Thank you,” she mumbled then backed away from his presence.
Chaiko was unhappy with himself. Her situation was very fragile and he should have been more tactful. He took a deep breath and released the blame. He would have to be more circumspect the next time. Nebu, Nebu and Ruba; he chased the thoughts around for some time.
Baer returned and Chaiko told him of what had happened in Council, but the news had already preceded him. He, Chaiko, and a Dorgay named Lelat discussed the new situation. “It seems that we now have a three-way race. Turbold, Solinex, and now this Taeko. Not much good is spoken of the man, but nothing bad either,” Bear summarised.
Lelat, who was sucking sweetness from some flower blossoms, contributed, “It does change the picture considerably though. Before it looked as if Turbold could take Solinex, but with Taeko eroding some of the eastern support, it looks as if Solinex has a chance. We do not yet know how solid Taeko’s support is and how far south it reaches, but if Black-Pearl actively backs him then he might take it all.”
Lelat left shortly thereafter and Baer asked his brother, “What do you really think?”
Chaiko paused, shaking his head. “I don’t like this type of politics. It requires too much posturing. But if you ask me, I will tell you. I think you should join this race.”
“Me??!” Baer was genuinely surprised.
“Yes, it would split the existing support and dilute Corrigan’s strength. We might pick up some help from the people who fought with us against the Tolmecs. They certainly know you. Anyway, it would put us in position to have some influence in the coming events.”
“I do not wish this,” Baer said distancing himself from the ambition.
“I know, but we all must do what we can.”
“Yes, that is the problem,” Baer muttered, but did not go into detail. The two brothers sat in silence, thinking furiously. Baer was thinking as a leader, counting heads and alliances. Chaiko was comparing moral strength and principles. Both were chewing on grass stalks, making short work of them. Tanya and Dawn saw them thus and marvelled that the two brothers were so much alike.
Finally Baer stood, threw the grass stalk away, and declared, “I will ask around and see just how much strength I can collect around me. So we will see.”
“Yes, we will,” Chaiko replied and threw his stalk away.
As the shaman continued to sit by his fire and contemplate, Ido approached him. The girl had changed considerably over the past year. She had gained some weight and her face had smoothed out, losing the perpetual frown she had worn in the shadow of Lana. She looked content. Being mated with Makar had gained her a lot of attention as he certainly liked to be in the center of everyone’s regard. He loved her, adored her and admired her, and made up rhymes in her honor. He was irrepressible and even Ile had grown fond of him, though he was the exact opposite of her temperament; he was long on the fanciful, short on the practical.
Chaiko waited patiently as the girl first gave him some aromatic roots as a present to her shaman. He thanked her. Then she gave him a palm sized piece of obsidian. His eyes widened; what did the girl want from him? This was a serious present, in expectation of a serious plea of sorts.
“This is very nice piece of black ice,” he said giving it back to her, “but you keep it until I have earned it.” He recalled how Ido had been afraid of him for a long time and decided to go very cautiously. It was enough already that he had scared Nebu away.
Ido looked mildly uncomfortable. Chaiko searched among his belongings. Recently someone had given him a bag of shells from the lakes. They were thick and jet black on the outside, the dark color not fading even when dry. On the inside the light glinted with the nacre sheen. Chaiko gave her the bag, knowing how she liked to make necklace beads from the shells. She smiled at him, thankful for the gesture.
She took a deep breath. “I have been mated nearly a year now and though Makar is eager to do his duty by me, night after night he tries, still I am not blessed and remain childless. I come to you to implore you to use your powers and make me receptive.”
He was going to say this was not his speciality, but he swallowed it. He needed to build the girl’s confidence, not rob it. “You have consulted Emma about this of course?” The girl nodded yes. “Have you seen someone here?”
“Yes, the best. They gave me some herbs and things to eat and drink, but they have not helped.”
“Hhhmmmm. It is sometimes just a question of time. Both of you are young.” Chaiko racked his brains, searching for something useful to say to the girl. “And you have tried?”
“Yes. Sometimes twice in the same night,” she said blushing.
“And he does not grow tired in this?”
“Oh no, he is filled with so much duty. He... rests in between.”
“That’s good. And do you enjoy ah... his attentions?”
“Yes,” she blushed again furiously, her hands kneading the edge of her wrap; “It’s rather nice.”
Only nice? he almost asked. “Hmm, this needs time,” he said, then seeing her disappointment he quickly added, “I must find just the right ingredients for a potion to fix this. Come see me tomorrow and I will have it ready and tell you exactly what you must do.” First, I must ask Dawn, he told himself.
As soon as she left he asked Dawn. She blinked at him in surprise. What could he be expected to know of women things? But people brought their problems to their shaman, not to her.
“Do you suppose they are doing it wrong?” Chaiko asked. She looked questioningly at him. He shrugged his shoulders, he had been asked. “Makar used to like pretending that he is a bird. Do you know how birds do it?”
“Yes of course,” Dawn said with just a hint of indignation.
“No doubt,” he nodded then had to smile. “Like a duck.” He surprised her into a blush. He laughed aloud at her reaction and she started to get angry at him. “Shhh, shhh,” he pacified her. “I need some answers to give her tomorrow, so help me.”
“I will talk with her quietly and see if I can find out if they do... things right.” And she left to do just that.
Chaiko thought he would need some potion. Perhaps Tanya could help him with that. You promised to be straight and now you are being devious again, resorting to tricks; he paused to think about that self-accusation. But he had to build the girl’s confidence, in him and in whatever remedy he suggested. Her belief has to work for her not against her. Was that enough of a justification? He hoped so.
Dawn returned humming and immediately set about tidying and arranging things. “Well?” he finally prompted.
“They are more than right,” Dawn said with a faraway look in her eyes.
“How is one more than right?” Chaiko wanted to know.
“You have to use your imagination more,” she said. For a long time he chewed on that answer but he was determined he was not going to ask her any more questions on this subject.
But she staggered him with her next question. “Have you seen lizards...?”
“What?”
“Lizards? Basking in the sun? You know they get their energy from the sun and get quite frisky...”
“What?” he stammered, confused. What did lizards have to do with anything?

Chapter 16
Chaiko was up early, out prowling the venue where traders were just setting up their displays. The early excitement of the Gathering was burned out and they went about their tasks with routine determination. Most of their better wares were already sold. The previous day Chaiko had been approached by a one-legged man from Pelican-Sands who had asked for his help. Tikki had looked at Chaiko’s leg with great hunger in his eyes, seeing in it his own freedom of movement. Chaiko promised to help and this morning he was looking for suitable wood, perhaps another war club to convert. He found just the thing—a smasher that women used to pound grain into pulp. The wood was hard and dense and with a little care, would last a long time. The trader, however, did not want to accept the string of shells Chaiko offered.
Chaiko had to return to camp and found it deserted except for Tusk who was staring morosely into the curls of smoke from the main fire. What could be eating at him? Chaiko asked himself, but then went to see if he could find something in his possessions to trade. While searching, he found a few honeycombs and he took about half, knowing that Dawn would not be pleased if he took more. It tasted so delicious that he was sorely tempted to take more but desisted. He found a length of tightly wound rope of good quality hemp and also several copies of Crier-Bird, suitable for trade. He was about to leave but was arrested by Tusk’s demeanor. In all this time, the big man had not stirred. Chaiko went over and let himself down across from him. Tusk looked up and arched an eyebrow, puzzled at the shaman’s intrusion.
“It is good that I find you here,” Chaiko started in a roundabout way. “If Baer is indeed seeking the election to be Chief, he will need both of our help.” Tusk nodded but not a flicker of expression crossed his face. Deciding to come straight to the point, Chaiko asked outright, “What is bothering you? You look so... sad.”
“Do I?” Tusk asked, his face sour; sad was not his favorite word. Morose, bad tempered he could live with but sad? “Well I suppose I am.” But then he seemed at a loss to explain further.
“Is it this place?” Chaiko was trying to help him.
Tusk shrugged his shoulders and Chaiko’s alarm signals went off again. He did not know where the trouble was, but his attention was alerted, as if by a flight of birds suddenly taking to the air. “You are... disappointed?” Chaiko tried to refine his question but Tusk only shrugged again. Chaiko thought hard about the big man’s situation, realizing that Tusk was and had been alone. “Is it a woman...?”
“No...” Tusk shook his head, but then said, “Well yes, in a way.” Now Chaiko was really puzzled. “It is that I am now a grown man... but have so little to show for it.” Tusk struggled to put his feelings into words. Chaiko wanted to help him; words rose to his lips, but he bit them back. Listening is the beginning of understanding and compassion, he cautioned himself; let the man talk.
“You have a mate, have children. In them your future is assured. Me, I am alone.” Tusk’s face twisted into a grimace. “No different than Rea.”
“There are women out there who would be interested...” Chaiko began cautiously but Tusk waved him off.
“No. No. I could never understand them. They say one thing but mean another. They hide their feelings behind smiles and hide their eyes so you can’t read their intent.” Tusk was shaking his head from side to side. “If it were only a matter of speed, I could chase them down and catch them without any problem. If it were a matter of strength, I could do that too.” But again he shook his head, discouraged. “I do not have the honeyed words of Makar to attract them, or the gentleness of soul to keep them.” He lapsed into a dejected silence. Chaiko was astounded by these revelations of self, more words than he had ever heard from Tusk.
“Tell me about your mother,” Chaiko said gently.
Tusk’s head came up startled and he asked, “Why?”
“We first learn about women from our mothers,” Chaiko hurriedly explained, then stopped so as not to overstress the point.
“My mother was a quiet sort, said little and asked for less. A mouse really,” Tusk conceded. “My father, on the other hand, was a demanding type. He knew only one way to live and he lived it.” That was as far as Tusk could take it.
“So you learned to respect strength and prize a straightforward view. Preferring directness without nuances, without subtlety. You grew strong and gained people’s respect,” Chaiko offered, but kept silent his other thoughts; you feared the softness of tenderness, the vulnerability of being in love... could only trust strength. No wonder there was no place for a woman in your life. But was that really it? “The weakness of strength is that it often does not touch the heart.”
Tusk nodded as if he understood. He looked up at the shaman, his eyes full of pain. “I was always big for my age, but was not always strong. I had to learn that! A half day north of the old cave there is a spill of rocks. As I grew up I went there choosing larger and larger boulders to lift, training great strength in my arms and back. Each year the stones I chose grew heavier. Until I reached a certain size and then I could lift nothing bigger. Year after year, I go there to lift that stone to test my strength.” Tusk looked into the distance, struggling with inner conflicts. When he next spoke his voice was strangely strained. “This year... I could not lift that rock... though I tried... over and over again...”
It suddenly became very clear to Chaiko what this was all about. Tusk who prided himself on his strength, suddenly found it deserting him. “All of us reach that point in our lives...”
“Yes! But you have done something with your life,” Tusk interrupted with the pent-up emotion bursting from him. “So have the others. Makar even. Gill also. I... I have gloried in my strength, as if that were enough.” He shook his head again. “How shall I earn respect any other way?” To Chaiko, questions were everyday things, but he could see that for Tusk, a question rarely surfaced; he did not hurry to answer it.
“There are other ways,” he said softly. “To fill your needs, first look to fill someone else’s.”
“How?” Tusk asked hungrily but Chaiko let the statement and the question hang in the air. After a while he looked at Tusk challengingly. “If it is a woman you want...” but Tusk shook his head no. “All right, but if you want to make a difference... then teach those who want to be taught, mentor those who need guidance, show the way to those who desire direction. Be a father to the fatherless!”
With his eyes closed Tusk thought hard, then asked tentatively, “Ruba?”
Chaiko nodded. “Let him be the difference then...” Yes, the son becomes the father’s strength, as the new generation learns from the one that went before. “Your life is also in the lives you have touched... in the memories you have left behind. Blessed is the man who can count his blessings, but more so if he can share them, for then are his blessing multiplied...” Chaiko recited an age-old saying, “Power is the strength of muscles; but generosity is the strength of the spirit.”
Then both sat quietly—the smoke wafting gently between them. Tusk struggled through what he had just heard and Chaiko bit his lips painfully to keep himself from saying more; he feared he might have said too much already. Whichever was the case, Tusk’s face slowly cleared, and when he rose and walked away his steps were full of energy again. Like the old Tusk, Chaiko was pleased to note. There was so much a shaman had to attend to, but it was nice to see when it was successful.
Chaiko hurried back to the trader and made the trade though he had to pay a steep price for the wood. All the same it was worth it. The wood was hard and strong, difficult to work, but would last forever. He hummed as he carefully burned a hollow onto the thicker end. He also shortened it but left enough to measure against Tikki for a final fitting. His fingers caressed the wood, enjoying the feel. Was there anything more satisfying than working wood, bringing purpose and design to a mute piece? Anything more sensual? Well, yes there was... but wood came a close second.
Later in the morning people flooded back into camp with the fresh news that Ruba was going to wrestle. They looked at each other unbelieving. Was the boy trying to kill himself? So soon after running yesterday, today he wanted to wrestle? There was a huge Dorgay boy whom nobody was able to beat for years. Ruba was going to wrestle him?
“Jump off a cliff, rather. It would surely be safer than taking on Moro,” his brother Ork advised him.
“Do you see any cliffs near about?” Ruba returned calmly. “So I guess I will have to fight Moro after all.”
“What does the boy have to prove?” Baer grumbled to Chaiko.
“That he is worthy,” Chaiko said instantly, remembering the feeling of that all too well.
“Then go tell him he is worthy,” Baer said gruffly.
“I would, but he does not want to hear it from me,” was all Chaiko would say on the matter.
“Moro will break him like a rotten twig,” Cosh stated dryly, summing up the boy’s chances.
People tried to dissuade Ruba, but the more they tried, the more stubborn he became. Lana pleaded with him too, “There must be another way.”
“He will kill you!” Ido said, brutally short.
“Then I will die.” Ruba dismissed all objections fatalistically. It was preferable to die than to live with the shame anyway. Maybe then Cora would take notice. But then it would be too late. Tears sprang into his eyes and he had to turn away to hide them.
The close was filled with a great throng of people, predominantly males as most of the women stayed away from such a cruel sport. But a delegation of Standing-Rock women came, tense and worried about Ruba. The men, too, stood about glumly appraising the boy’s chances. Ushi prophesied, “If Moro trips over his own feet, goes down and knocks the wind out of himself, hits his head on a rock, swallows his tongue in the mishap, maybe then... Ruba has a chance to pin him.”
Moro was indeed an impressive specimen for his age. He was big, strong, and amazingly quick for his size. He was also a cunning fighter who knew how to turn every opportunity to his advantage. It was a pleasure to see him dispatch his opponents, seemingly effortlessly. Pleasure indeed, if his opponent were not a friend.
Moro had beaten four challengers already and was having difficulty finding someone new. One by one, he had trapped them in his long arms and held them so cleverly that there was nothing they could do but submit. “No! No!” the last one had cried, Moro’s fingers deep in the muscles of his belly, increasing the pressure until the pain was threatening to tear the victim apart. “I yield! I yieeeld!” the hapless youth had howled in great pain.
Moro strutted around in the centre of the close, beating his oiled chest. “Will no one face me? Are you all cowards? Will no one dare measure strength with me?” And he strode up and down, slamming his feet into the ground and occasionally punching his open palm with a loud slap. Next year, he would have to fight the men, but this year he was still accounted a boy.
“Not one among you is man enough?” Moro yelled at the crowd tauntingly. The boys his age looked away, ashamed, avoiding his eyes. After all, they weren’t crazy.
“Will no one stand against me?” and Moro spit toward the crowd. A murmur swept through them. This was more than arrogant.
“I will,” a clear voice came from the edge of the crowd. People looked in surprise at Ruba standing there. He wore only a skin loincloth and his body was glistening with oil. Yes, he had come to fight, but was obviously crazy to test himself against the very, very best. “Who’s he?” the crowd wanted to know.
“Some fool from Standing-Rock,” came the terse reply, without pride, without bragging, just heavy with worry.
“Standing-Rock? Again?” came an echo from the crowd.
“Didn’t he come third in the foot race?” someone asked.
“Fourth,” someone else corrected.
Tusk strode over to Ruba, his face full of concern. “Are you sure you want to do this?”
“I’m more than sure,” Ruba said, his face set in a stubborn expression.
“He’ll hurt you,” Tusk said, laying a hand on the boy’s shoulder.
“I’m used to hurting,” Ruba said soberly.
“Well then…” Tusk hesitated; what could he say? “Remember, courage is not only in winning but in facing your fears.” Ruba nodded, turning to face his opponent.
Moro smiled, hugely pleased to find someone to feed his appetite for attention. “Well then come and try your best.”
The two closed. Ruba was of a fair size but next to Moro he was a shrimp. The other outweighed him, outreached him, and towered over him. People clucked regretfully at such a mismatch and the disaster that was sure to follow.
Moro hit his chest. “Well come on little man, do your best. Here is where I am weakest,” he taunted, patting his ample gut. Face set, Ruba moved in. His arm lashed out and wrapped around Moro, who allowed it, then Ruba tried to leverage the big boy off balance. Moro refused to move, an evil grin on his face. With a quick motion Ruba got behind Moro and wrapped his arms around him and tried to throw him. Moro just laughed, a pleased, nasty sound; for a moment he could do nothing, weakened by his own hilarity over the puny attempts of his opponent. Then things happened very quickly. Moro stomped hard on Ruba’s instep and swung an elbow back to catch Ruba in the midriff. Gasping for breath Ruba went down backwards with the big boy over him. Ruba slowly grew motionless under the weight of the bigger youth.
“Bah!” Moro exclaimed. “Is there nobody in this whole crowd who can give me a fight?” he almost pleaded. He got off Ruba and strode toward the crowd. “Will no one face me then?”
“Not until we’re finished,” a quiet voice said behind him and Moro spun around to see Ruba on his feet again.
“Ah you want another lesson?” Moro asked with a wicked grin. He closed, seized Ruba by the arm, and with a deft sweep of his leg, threw Ruba flat onto the ground. Quick as a flash he was on him again. Ruba did not fight him as there was nothing much he could do anyway, pinned as he was. Moro slapped him open-palmed on the chest then got up again. “Bah! Why do they not grow real men at Standing-Rock?” A stir went through that delegation, but a boy was a boy, even when he was insulting. Again he walked away from his prostrate opponent.
“Where so fast Dorgay? Should we not finish first?”
Moro spun around to find Ruba standing again. With one jump the Dorgay was there and tossed Ruba a good four lengths along the ground. This time he really trampled on him. “Stay down you fool before I kill you,” he hissed just a finger’s width from the other’s face.
“Do your worst Dorgay,” Ruba hissed back at him.
Furious, Moro locked his leg around Ruba and pulled him backwards putting unbelievable strain on his abdomen. The pain was so excruciating that Ruba could hardly breathe. He gurgled with the pain, but endured it.
“Yield!” Moro demanded through grinding teeth and increased the pressure. Ruba thought he would surely break in two, but he absorbed all the punishment.
“Yield damn you!” and Moro clutched at him anew causing a fresh spasm of pain to radiate through Ruba’s body. “Yield!” Moro was livid.
“Is that... the… best you... can do?” Ruba forced out, breathless. Moro’s eyes turned yellow, and he gathered his strength and earnestly bore down. This rat was begging for it and deserved all of it and more, Moro panted through clenched teeth. A flow of froth bubbled out of Ruba’s mouth but he refused to yield. Something cracked, something creaked, but Ruba, in spite of his agony, was past caring. He was unable to move, unable defend himself, all he could do was to endure. “Is... that... all?” the question came as a dry rattle from his chest. Moro’s eyes were wild with confusion, what else could he do? Short of killing him? Again he gathered his strength, but a touch on his shoulder interrupted him. Surprised he looked up to see Taragon, the marshal, looking down at him, shaking his head. “You won. Let that be enough!”
Moro got up, dissatisfied. If he had won, why did he feel like such a loser? A murmur swept the crowd. Moro turned to see Ruba incredibly stagger to his feet and face him. It was obvious from the hanging arms that they were useless. “We are... not... done yet,” he said almost calmly.
But Taragon spoke, “Yes you are! And you have lost! That is my decision! Obey it!” His voice whipped out the command. There was no withstanding that. Ruba’s head dropped in acceptance. The crowd grew very quiet, and Moro stalked off furious; no one was looking at him, no one was admiring him.
Crow walked over to Ruba and was about to admonish him, but Ruba muttered under his breath, “Hold me up, damn it! Don’t let me fall!” Crow stood close to him, nearly the same height, holding him up but hiding the effort it took. There was a light trickle of blood from Ruba’s nose, and his face was rigid, but he held himself together through many painful steps as they walked, the crowd opening respectfully in front of him.
Crow signaled Stow with his eyes and the two of them guided Ruba back to their camp, pretending all the while to the rest of the world that nothing was amiss. Thus only Crow knew how much will power it took for Ruba to get back without a word of complaint. They stuck him under his covers, and Crow went back to his fire, shaking his head. There was something in Ruba’s heart after all: the boy was full of some driving spirit.
As Nebu worried over him, Ruba could only think that he had lost yet again. Even though he had not really expected to win, he was so driven to prove his worth that he had not considered losing either. By some strange mental twist, if he thought at all, he had expected to be somewhere in the middle. It was thus a bitter loss. He covered his head in shame and would have cried except the rigid willpower still had hold of him.
Again people talked about Ruba, the whole day overshadowed by the endurance he showed. Ork admitted freely, almost with reverence, that his older brother had courage after all. The rest knew not what to make of it. What had driven the boy to challenge such a punishing opponent? The few, who suspected, did not share their thoughts on the matter. Chaiko muttered darkly to himself, “Something better give soon or that boy will surely kill himself to prove his manhood.” But he knew there was another reason.
Tusk went to look at Ruba. The youth was totally exhausted and helped by his melancholy, had escaped into sleep. Nebu looked up apprehensively at the big man, but he made a gesture of quiet as he left, nodding his head.
Chandar suspected Ruba’s motives and felt for him, remembering how hard he, himself, had to work to win Tara. He also saw, close up, Cora’s disregard of the boy. Though Ruba never made overt advances toward her, she was nonetheless much too aware of his interest; she would frown and pointedly turn away, hoping to discourage him. When that failed, she resorted to avoiding him, and when, inadvertently, they met, she was rude, even hissing at him to stay away. If he only could or would…

The afternoon was spent drifting from one speaker to the next on Speakers’ Field, pausing and listening. Some speakers told many stories of great variety, others specialized in just one, which they told over and over again to whoever would listen. A listener thus could hear just about anything, an amusing tale, old lore, clan teachings, questions of morals dissected, history explained, brave tales of courage, of cowardice and treachery, of self-sacrifice. Very popular was one that explored people’s ancestry and lineage. For some reason the line of Turtle was considered above the line of Dove, the Fox was to be celebrated and the Owl was greatly wished for. No one could explain how these preferences were established. Why? And by whom?
There were of course many tales of Bogan and many teaching tales attributed to him. Chaiko soon grew satiated and moved on, promising himself to return. A group of children were being taught some of Bogan’s sayings, word by word until they could all repeat them smoothly, with conviction. Chaiko smiled a half grimace, sure that most of them did not understand, sure that some would never understand the words they so readily parroted. “Teach only those who beseech you...” the shaman muttered to himself. Yes, one can force compliance but not the desire to learn, the insistence to know.
Then Chaiko came upon an old man who sat talking to himself as if he were addressing a great audience, yet nobody was there. Chaiko paused and listened. The man talked, non-stop, without much emphasis. His tale made no sense, rambling on, not having a head or tail, just a run of words strung together. Chaiko frowned. Was the man really serious or was it some kind of a joke? He could not credit his ears, for easily it was the most boring story he had ever heard, if it could be considered a story at all. There did not seem to be any characters in it, just people who walked in and out of the narrative. He could not suppress a yawn. He had never yawned in someone’s face before and he hurried away before a second yawn could overtake him.
“You are a magician, aren’t you?” A young boy accosted him, his eyes great with wonder.
“No I am not,” Chaiko said, wishing he could squash such reports about him once and for all. The boy’s mother grabbed him by the arm and dragged him away. There was real fear on the woman’s face as she looked back at the shaman. It quite spoiled Chaiko’s mood to be so accosted again. A magician lived by black arts, forcing and manipulating events to suit himself. Sometimes he wished he truly had the power, but he could not even solve the spirit riddle.
He drifted from one speaker to another, pausing here and listening there. By the end his head was buzzing with all the tales he had heard, but strangely, it was the story that made no sense he remembered the most. Now why would that be? he asked himself.
Chaiko ran across a few of his people, Ushi for one, but the trader did not stop, too preoccupied with something. A little later he saw Cosh and Ile in the crowd and they waved to him. The couple paused to listen to a teaching story that Chaiko had already heard, a somewhat mediocre affair hardly worth the time it took. But Cosh and Ile listened politely until the end, not like some others, before moving on. Ela and Gill were listening to an entertaining story, Ela with her fingers in her mouth, looking absolutely captivated. Why were people in stories so much happier than common folk, or sadder even, or braver... why?
Then meeting Tomakon, Chaiko gladly grabbed the old man and drew him aside to find a place for them to sit. “I have heard so many stories about Bogan, some full of contradictions, others outright fantastic and unbelievable. Set me straight, for the more I hear about the man the less I understand him.”
“Don’t listen to the popular stories bandied about. People tell them without any regard for the truth. Ask us old folks who actually knew him.” Tomakon’s head bobbed up and down, his wizened face humorous.
“Just what kind of man was he, really?” Chaiko asked, as he had countless times that day. “Some claim he was a womanizer while others say he was an aesthetic who abjured all indulgences.”
“He was neither. Though at times he fell in love and the rare time he even made love to a woman, he felt the burden of his fame and reputation and did not want the weight of it crushing them. So he quickly moved on. For their protection, you understand.” Tomakon looked back across time, his face growing solemn with all the memories he was carrying. “You cannot understand how it was. He was a very special person, not for what he had supposedly accomplished, but for what he was. He was totally selfless. He never even thought of himself. He was generous with everything he had, especially with his time and attention. Anybody could go and talk with him; the young, the old, men, women, the famous, or even a nobody. It did not matter to him. He would listen to anyone, anytime.” Tomakon’s made a gesture with his hand which expressed both wonder and disapproval of such habits. “I told him he had to be more selective with his time, but he replied that his people owned his time and he couldn’t withhold it from them.” Tomakon spat into the grass again in disapproval. “But that freedom came at a terrible cost to him.” The old man’s mouth turned down in sorrow and for a moment he could not speak.
“Why terrible?” Chaiko prompted when the old man could speak again.
“Because he never took a mate, that is why! He never settled down! He never raised a family.” Tomakon’s hands were waving again in agitation. “For a while it was rumored that he had children no one knew about, but nobody ever came forward claiming to be his issue. Some of us have waited, hoping for it in vain.”
“But why did he not take a mate? Surely women were attracted to him?” Chaiko asked deeply puzzled.
“That they were. There were nights when we, who were with him, had to chase a woman from under his covers, so he could sleep. At odd times there were not one but two. Women threw themselves at him. He had some allure that drew them and they wanted to serve him. Not just women but men too. I can well understand why, because I followed him for nearly ten years. And to this day I do not understand entirely the attraction. Because he cared? Or because he was unique?” Then he remembered Chaiko’s question and returned to it. “He once told me the reason he could not raise a family was that though he could demand all kinds of self-sacrifice from himself, he could not from his family if he were to have any. That was him, never thinking of himself, always of others.” He lapsed into silence, lost in thought. “Anyway, that is why he could always see the larger, broader issues. His self never got in the way to obscure his view.” He waved again this time angry at himself. “But I am not doing justice to him. He was still, for all his strength and wisdom, just a man. Just the same as you or I.” He would not add any more than that, and for some reason he was quite out of sorts. He rose, in his anger, not mindful of the stiffness of his joints and bones. The crowd quickly swallowed him.
Chaiko sat on the spot trying to digest this new picture of Bogan. Just like you and me? he repeated. With doubts? With confusion? With questions to ask? Hardly seemed possible. Selfless? What did that really mean? For a time he was so lost in his thoughts that he noticed not one single thing around him. He awoke to reality only when Hollow-Tree shook him by the arm to get his attention. Dawn had sent them out looking for Chaiko. “Excuse me Eku, but your mate thought you might be lost,” Hollow-Tree said in Ekulan.
“I was,” the shaman replied wearily also in Ekulan. For the first time he accepted a hand offered to pull him up. A selfless man would give others an opportunity to help him, he had concluded.
Back at camp Chaiko worked on the wood for Tikki, his hands moving to the rhythm of his thoughts. Dawn saw him pause often to stare off into the distance looking for answers there. Fire-Dancer had given the two infants skin-covered drums and both were loudly beating them. The drums were not in tune and eventually Lana came over, distracted the two boys and quietly spirited the instruments away. She then took the drums to Kray, for resetting the tension of the skins to sound more harmonious.
Yael crawled over to Chaiko and watched him smoothing the wood by rubbing it with a skinful of coarse sand. He tried to imitate his father, reaching his little hands for the skin. Chaiko took another piece of wood and skin and gave it to him, showing how it was done. Yael rubbed with great energy surprising Chaiko with how long he stayed with it. Dawn saw father and son working together, and gladness flooded her heart.

Ela was beside herself. “I tell you I saw him! I did not imagine it!” She was on the verge of hysteria. “He was thinner and his hair was unkempt, but it was Tael.”
“I believe you. Someone said they thought they saw him in the crowd.” Gill said soothingly, trying to calm her down.
“And you did not tell me?” Ela was shocked by this negligence.
“They could not be certain, as they did not get as good a look at him as you,” Gill defended himself then tried to deflect her attention. “Did he see you?”
“I don’t think so,” Ela hazarded, “but he must know I am here! And by now he must know about you! About us!”
“It’s all right. He abandoned you and thus by his actions, gave up all rights to you.”
“No, you do not understand!” Ela insisted. “He never makes mistakes. He never does the wrong thing. Everything bad that has happened is someone else’s fault and he is the victim in it. He did nothing, everything was done to him. That is how he thinks.” Ela was wringing her hands with worry. “He would think I still belonged to him. He could never imagine that I would choose you over him.”
“And did you choose me? Over him?” Gill was not afraid of Tael but of this he was not sure.
“Yes I did. Forever!” she hurried to him, pressed her body into his and deluged him with a flood of kisses. Under normal circumstances this would have ended very quickly under covers, but today he was distracted and so was she by Tael’s nearness. Still they did go into the flar and closed the flaps just to shut out the rest of the world.
Rea had unwittingly overheard the exchange and was upset by it. He took his spear and stood by to guard his friends’ privacy, from Tael if need be... or just anybody.
Chaiko and Dawn had conferred long to come up with a strategy to help Ido. Tanya had provided them with a potion and inquisitively Chaiko sniffed at it. He recoiled as the pungent odor assailed his nose. “Phew! That is most vile! I hope it tastes better than it smells.”
“Actually, it doesn’t,” Tanya calmly admitted. “But whoever tastes it will think that it is incredibly powerful. Full of spirit power.” Good point, Chaiko had to admit.
Ido was indeed satisfied with the clay jar of the potion. She twisted her face away from the pungent odor that assailed her nose. “This is a lot better than the weak slurp old KiKi gave me. This will work!”
“That it will!” Chaiko affirmed with as much confidence as he could squeeze into his voice, “but you must do exactly as I tell you.” Ido nodded eagerly. “First, after your issue of blood, you must not be intimate for a full moon. Do you understand?” Yes, Ido nodded, no more intimacy. “Then when the moon has passed he still can’t touch you, though you can touch him. Do you understand?”
“He can’t touch me, but I can touch him, right?”
“That’s right. Then when you make love, you must bind his eyes so he can’t see you. Stuff his ears so he can’t hear you. And on no account is he allowed to lay a hand on you. This is most important, do you understand? Otherwise the magic in the potion won’t work.” She nodded enthusiastically. It seemed to him that the more difficulties he placed in her way the better she liked it. He added a few more just for good measure: “Douse him with water if he shows himself to be overly excited. Make him drink a little of the potion same as you, every day. Should you run out, ask for some more. Come to think of it, he is bigger than you, give him a double dose.”
Ido was highly pleased with this course of action. “Now this will surely work!” she said full of confidence as she departed to inform her mate about the cure.
Dawn, who had been at hand, now asked Chaiko, “Why can he not touch her? Why is that necessary?”
“This time he must remain passive and she must do all the work for both of them. Since the other way had not worked, perhaps by reversing it, this will. She will have to find her own excitement. The prior abstinence is to increase their appetite.”
“That could work,” Dawn said only half dubious.
Toward nightfall a loud exclamation broke the quiet settling of the camp. “A MOON!!?” and little later, “AN ENTIRE MOON!!?” There followed loud whisperings and after a long while, finally, the sounds of surrender. But that did not last long either. “AARRGGHHHHH!” Makar was seen running about in camp, hacking and spitting as he tried to outrun the nausea that was burning its way towards his stomach. What a vile concoction! He was last seen heading for the stream as fast as his feet could carry him.
Dawn turned toward Chaiko and commented, “Your plan is set in motion, but I am not sure Makar will last out the month.”
“Perhaps not,” Chaiko agreed, “but we had best make the next batch a little milder.”

Chapter 17
Next morning Ruba woke with a groan. He could scarcely move as every part of his body hurt. Black and blue marks covered his skin and he could hardly force his legs to carry him to the morning convenience. Even the flow of his urine hurt. Moro had been merciless, but Ruba could take a little pride that he had not submitted. He might have been outfought but his head had remained master of his body, ignoring the pain. This morning the bravado was gone, but his stubbornness kept him from crying out. He crawled back under the covers.
Chaiko peered down on him, then squatted beside him awkwardly. “You know, you will have to find some better way of reaching what you want. Getting yourself all marked up will not make you any more desirable.” Ruba said nothing. He neither confirmed nor denied Chaiko’s words. He thought it was safer that way. Thus after clearing his throat several times significantly, the shaman left.
Tusk came as well and gave Ruba one of his prized spears with the words, “Courage needs to be rewarded.”
Ruba caressed the wood shaft reverently but not understanding the gesture, protested, “But I lost...”
“You proved your courage by standing up to that bully,” Tusk insisted. “That took guts, though... I’m not sure how much brains. He’s twice your size.” Tusk tapped his forehead significantly. “You could not have won in any case.”
Ruba blinked up at the big man. What could he say? That Moro had turned into something other than human... into every refusal that Cora gave him, into every rejection and every humiliation. Maybe he could not win that fight either but... he would endure.
In the morning meeting Baer had announced that he would challenge for the leadership. Not that he wanted to be a Chief, far from it, but he wanted to restore a healthier balance to the contest. A four way race was much harder to control and manipulate.
In Council meeting Corrigan was again furious. He ranted at the assembled, “Some people think it is their right to interfere with the smooth and effective workings of leadership. Some people think they could do a better job of it even than their betters. In their arrogant imaginings they think they know more, they can do better, and are more suitable than those who have earned people’s trust through long service.” Corrigan strode up and down in front of them, highly agitated by this latest effrontery. “Does a beetle ask the sky not to rain? And think you the sky will harken to it? Let the beetle do its duty, roll that ball of excrement into its nest and leave well enough alone those things beyond its puny comprehension...” It was a fine, impassioned performance.
“Hear! Hear!” Chaiko applauded along with some of the rest. Let Corrigan make what he will of it. Tomakon grabbed Chaiko by the elbow and whispered, “Methinks someone spoiled the Head-Shaman’s peace of mind.”
“No, I fear the worst, it has actually challenged him. I think he relishes the fight and is aching for more. No, I think we should play our game not his.”
“How so?” Tomakon asked, but Chaiko merely cocked his eyebrows. The old man mused, “You know Bogan would have stayed above all this petty bickering.”
“I know it, but I am not Bogan,” and Chaiko smiled. “A cripple has seen the underside of men and knows what vileness crawls around in the darkness. Turn over any rock and you will see it, too.” Tomakon made big eyes at him, asking, who is teaching who here? Chaiko, seeing the look, added, “A snake remains a snake. You cautioned me about that, or have you forgotten?”
“No and I repeat it. Corrigan may look at times like a fool, or even a spoiled child wanting to have his way, but he’s dangerous. Do not forget he has concentrated a lot of power in his hands. It is only bad that he uses it for self-aggrandisement, and has forgotten all other aims.”
“What could he do to me?” Chaiko thought it wise to ask.
“He could not bar you from Council, but he could make your sitting a most miserable experience. He would challenge you at every turn and undermine all your thoughts and ideas. He would mock you, hound you. The man is relentless. But that is not the worst, for he must do that in front of us all. It is what he does in darkness that worries me. He would start a lying whisper campaign against you to ruin your reputation. Then he would try to stir up your foes against you, bribe your allies, turn your friends and threaten even your family. He would not stop until he has humiliated you, debased you and then made a pet of you to praise his glory.”
“Can he do all that?” Chaiko asked a little sceptically.
“Believe it, for I have seen him do it repeatedly. Our Head-Shaman is a dark person and has no conscience. He knows only to serve himself.”
On the way back to camp he was followed by a gang of boys who whispered to each other, “There goes the magician. Don’t let him look at you for he will turn you into a warthog.” Then they ran away, a little proud to have dared to cross the magician’s path, and a whole lot scared.
Chaiko thought of Tomakon’s warning. Had the whisper campaign started already? Of late, people were accusing him of being a magician. His brows furled and his mouth pulled into a grim line.
On his return to camp Chaiko called on Makar who looked a little worse for wear over a sleepless night. The shaman felt guilty for the man’s predicament. Perhaps he had overdone the cure.
Chaiko came straight to the point. “I need a verse to ridicule someone. I would not throw a stone on my own but I will certainly return one thrown at me.”
“Who?” Makar asked hungrily. “About whom?” Chaiko told him and Makar’s eyes blazed up with intrigue. They discussed it at length, then Makar promised to have something ready for him on the next day.
Chaiko returned to working the wood, which was now trimmed to the proper length, and the cup refined. Tikki had been ecstatic. After the fitting he returned with an armful of quality furs, some shells and colored feathers, wanting to pay Chaiko, but the shaman refused.
“I remember how it felt before and the freedom that this leg gave me.” Chaiko tapped his own wooden leg. “For a small thing perhaps I would accept a small payment. But this... is like giving your life back. I could not place any price on it, nor would I accept any.” Tikki looked disappointed, his eyes pleading to show his gratitude. “Find a need among your own people, an old person or an orphaned young, surely Pelican-Sands has a few, and be kind to them, help them.” When Tikki looked confused, Chaiko elaborated. “I do this for you because in my own life, I have been given to and I am now paying back my obligation by helping you.” He thought of Baer and Samar. Still Tikki looked dissatisfied. “Friend, I have no more need of furs but the thought of you helping someone... warms my heart.”
Tikki hobbled off on his crutches, thinking soon to be free of them. He left thoughtful and fired up to find a need great enough to pay off such a huge debt.
Tired of the congestion of people, Chandar took Tara and Cora for an outing. They had started early and by midmorning they were in the hills that lay to the northwest. It was refreshing not to look up and be confronted by people everywhere. It was equally restoring to leave the pervasive smell of overcrowding behind. Aside from the hill camp of the Black-Pearl, the land was flat and uninteresting to people used to hills and mountains. It was thus a relief to be hemmed in by up-slopes, wondering what lay beyond the next crest.
Chandar was in a good mood because the mountains around them reminded him of his former home. Tara shared his mood, joking with him occasionally.
“Watch out Cora,” Tara warned, “he will go bear hunting and leave us here.”
“Ah bear,” he said, matching her playful tone. “You have not lived until you have eaten bear meat. The drippings are especially tasty and the bear gall is a great restorative. Yumm.” And he caressed his stomach appreciatively.
“Look out now,” Tara whispered loudly, “he is going to tell us what a great medicine bear droppings are.”
“Bear droppings?” Cora wrinkled her nose in distaste.
“Yes, it has wonderful medicinal properties,” Chandar assured her.
“Uh, how is it taken?” Cora wanted to know.
“Why you ingest it,” Chandar said innocently. Cora shuddered violently. Tara’s laughter came echoing back faintly from the hills. By a small pond they paused to enjoy a meal. The food tasted delicious in the fresh air after the long morning’s walk. Chandar lay back, his head resting on Tara’s lap and he was soon asleep. The brook murmured cheerily nearby and a light wind played in the foliage.
Left out by this couple’s mutual obsession with themselves, Cora became restless and went for a stroll along the brook, picking some yellow flowers. She wandered further off, attracted by some strawberries on a sun drenched slope. The berries were quite small but filled the mouth with a burst of tangy flavor. She picked as many as she could find, then a sprig or two of mint to freshen her mouth. On a nearby bush a songbird burst into a trill and an echo came sweetly back. Intrigued, Cora listened to the duet of the bird singing with its own echo. Cora could not resist joining in, but it startled the bird into quiet. Then it was Cora singing a duet with herself. She moved about looking for the source of echo. She came upon a shallow cliff face, with a crevice near the centre of it, and a stone facade that curved outward like outstretched arms. She threw a sound at the cliff and delighted at the lively echo that came back, slowly fading away. She found that directly in front of the crevice the echo was the purest. But it was strange that the echo that came back did not sound like her own voice, coming back just a little different. Fascinated she sang into the split and listened to the sound that rebounded, clear and distinct, familiar and beautiful yet strangely different.
Cora was very impressed; for the first time she could really hear herself sing, but it was as if she were listening to someone else. She heard how pure her voice was, how smoothly it slid up and down her range, or stopped on one tone, ringing clear, the sound amplified by the crevice. She was mesmerized. Tone after tone she sang into the split rock face, listening critically to the sound that returned. At times she was so full of the beauty of the sound that she wanted to cry, not from sadness but from an overflow of elation. How can sweetness be so sweet? Or beauty more beautiful?
She did a cascade of tones, and the echo came back slightly off timing. She slowed her voice down and the echo returned, harmonizing with herself. It was as if she and Lana were singing a duet. She played up and down with the tone, mesmerized by what came back. How can rock sing? It was beyond her understanding. Although this wasn’t the first time, on this occasion she was the only source.
Time flew by but she was not aware of it, being so totally engrossed in the enjoyment of this experience. Finally, Tara and Chandar found her by the sound of her singing and they too were enchanted by the singing rock. But of course they grew tired of this activity sooner than Cora. In the end they almost had to drag the girl away. As she was leaving, she threw back a trill and listened to the changing echo that followed her. They were well out of sight of the rock but still it answered her. Chandar hoped she was not going to do that all the way back to camp. But they crossed a ridge and the echo became silent. Regretfully, Cora gave a deep sigh, already longing for such a loyal, obedient companion.
The trip back was uneventful. For Cora it passed as in a dream, while she puzzled the secret of the echo. Where had the sound come from? Why did it sound different?
On their return, Cora ran to Lana and told her all about the Singing Rock, “You will have to come and hear it,” and declared with great confidence, “You will love it.”
Lana smiled indulgently, well understanding the enthusiasm of the girl for anything musical; after all singing was such an important part of her own life. “I will love to hear it, and we shall soon,” she promised. Cora beamed in response. She was almost twelve, her passions yet unfettered.
Most people returned for the evening meal but it was a dismal affair. All of them were sick of fish yet again, but in the land of Black-Pearl the abundance of fish was probably the only way to feed such a large Gathering. People were tired of frog delicacies, gamy birds, eels, and shell fish. Eggs were sparse, and red meat even rarer.
“This morning I looked and there were fish scales growing on my stomach,” Makar lamented.
Cosh made a pained face, eating cooked prawns that were very rubbery. He chewed and chewed but could not bite through the all-too resilient muscle. His jaws were getting tired and he had not eaten much yet. Disgusted, he spat the lump out, wiped his hands on the grass and complained. “If I have to eat another clam, crab or crayfish I will have to regurgitate the lot. Nor frog legs, nor fish eggs, nor tough and stringy pelican. My stomach can’t take much more of this. Everything tastes of the swamp and smells like it. All my furs reek of algae, and my fingernails are full of mud.”
“We need some bison meat!” Tusk exploded, chucking his pinch of oyster back into the swamp. Cosh’s description had taken away his appetite.
“There are no bison here,” Baer said, then he looked at Chandar at a near fire and called to him. “When you were out today in the hills, did you see some deer perhaps?”
“No, but plenty of rabbits, beetles and grubs.” They all groaned, the impoverished diet of starvation.
“I hear tell there are moose in the swamps to the north,” Cosh contributed. Yes, moose would be just the thing!
“We would have to ask permission of Black-Pearl,” Baer said quietly; “It is their land.” They groaned again, for that meant asking Corrigan. With Baer running against the Black-Pearl interest, the chances were slim to none that they would be allowed to hunt.
“Just no more fish,” Cosh pleaded.
“You did not complain among the Makeyes,” Tusk said still chewing on the same piece of prawn.
“That was not fish, that was salmon and sturgeon,” Cosh threw back and they all nodded in agreement.
“And plenty of turtles,” Kray recalled at the next fire.
“I don’t know, I enjoyed onagers the best,” called Gill from a fire further still. Obviously the whole camp was discussing the food situation.
“Well let’s not get our hopes up people,” Baer called out aloud, “I will ask, but it will be up to them.”
“We should host a Gathering,” Cosh grumbled. “With bison to eat for dinner, antelope for lunch and quail for breakfast.” Their mouths filled with juices at this suggestion, then they returned to eating their fish.
“We could look for some rhubarb,” Tanya said, recalling a time in the hills when they were forced to eat that bitter vegetable for they had not much else to put into their stomachs. Cosh groaned again. Now they had enough to fill their stomachs but were concerned about taste and appetite.
“Grubs are good, especially with dill and fresh onion,” Ile suggested impishly with a smirk. There was a fresh chorus of groans.
“Meanwhile... Meanwhile, let us go fishing,” Baer cut through the laments. “Stow, Rea and Makar. You go to Catfish Pond.” Feeding such a multitude that came together for a Gathering was a considerable problem. The clans had brought some of their prepared meats, smoked, dried or salted, but those were long gone and now by tradition the host clan had to provide some fresh food supplements. That was why in most instances this coming together was hosted by a clan with a seasonal supply of food. The Makeyes had the river to fish with a run of salmon and a windfall of sturgeon to provide some food. The Dorgays had the migrating herd of onagers and buffalo. Pelican Sands could provide the seasonal pass over of geese and ducks and other waterfowl, though their season was later and a little too close to winter.
Chaiko wondered how long it would take Black-Pearl to recover from the demands this Gathering had placed on it. The rivers and ponds were fished intensively, the nests robbed of eggs, and the bushland scoured for deer. Around the different camps the grass was worn down in many places, with bare pathways joining the many bald spots. The autumn rains would turn it into mud and erode the exposed soil. Yes, sadly, the land would long remember this Gathering. It had not been a good choice, but it was Corrigan’s ambition that had gotten them all here.
“And with the smell that’s around, everywhere, it is a good thing that I can’t smell anymore,” Ido said.
“Put a little bag of lavender around your neck, that will mask some of the smell,” her mother Ile suggested.
“Or pinch your nose as Rea does every time you go by the amenities,” Tanya joked. Indeed they were becoming a problem. With so many people, it was impossible to keep the places fresh, with straw and some aromatic pine to absorb some of the smells.
“The place is full to overflowing,” Lana complained, “and there is never enough broadleaf to clean oneself.”
“You must take your own,” Tanya advised her daughter.
That was also part of any gathering, with problems of overcrowding, sanitation, water and food supply a constant headache for the host clan. The locals were grumbling that their efforts were not being appreciated, and the visitors were complaining that the services were shoddy or non-existent. Chaiko tried to imagine what a Gathering would look like back at home. Certainly they would have more open space, more fresh water, fewer insects, and even in a normal year an abundant supply of bison meat. But Standing-Rock was so far off to the periphery that some of the eastern clans would have to cross the entire extent of clan lands. No, that was why the central clans had the honor and prestige of hosting a Gathering, and the responsibility as well.
After the meal, people left to visit their neighbors and friends or receive their visits. The fires were freshened and covered with greenery to provide a smoke screen against the expected influx of insects that buzzed about, especially with the setting of the sun.
This night Laars came to confer with Baer and he brought with him Otter-Cry to talk with Chaiko. Otter-Cry was rather an unperceptive man, who stumbled through life on a limited set of rigid principles, had few interests or ambitions, and was apt to repeat a few well-rehearsed topics that Chaiko had already heard. Before he could launch into one of those, Chaiko asked the man what he thought of the evolving contest for Chief. Not surprisingly, considering the source, he got a very conservative viewpoint. “Why do we need a Chief anyway? We have the Head-Shaman to be the ultimate arbiter of any conflict; why would we need another? A creature with two heads, each apt to bite the other, yet bite itself in the process, don’t you think?” Chaiko had heard of this objection and analogy already, straight from Corrigan’s mouth. Otter-Cry was merely parroting the prevailing view of the Council which Corrigan hammered into their heads.
“We need a Chief to balance out the power of the Head-Shaman,” Chaiko started, but seeing the defensive flicker in the man’s eyes, gave up his effort, for the man was a lost cause who did not wish to be drawn into any controversy. He would always take the safest route of the herd.
“You are a magician, are you not?” Otter-Cry surprised him.
“No, I’m not!” Chaiko rebuffed the suggestion with enough emphasis to rock the other back on his heels.
“So I have heard,” the shaman of Lesser-Bear-Claw mumbled.
“From whom??!” Chaiko wanted to know.
“Just being talked around. By everybody. You know how it goes.” Yes Chaiko knew. Words said in whispers, behind a person’s back, besmirching a reputation. A magician was feared, for he dabbled in the black arts and was believed to be malevolent. Chaiko decided he’d best find out what else was in the wind.
“I can understand that people like to talk about each other,” he said easily, his voice suddenly personal and intimate; “we would not be human otherwise. I suppose I should own up to things, but being a magician is not one of my accomplishments, though I should be pleased that people ascribe such powers to me.” Chaiko laughed as if satisfied. “What else do they say about me?”
“Just that you are crippled in the head as well as of foot.” Chaiko forced a gay laugh at this insult, encouraging Otter-Cry, who continued eagerly, “And that you are mated to a foreigner and owe loyalties elsewhere.” It was astonishingly easy to entice the man to reveal what he knew, so anxious was he to be taken seriously. But it was sobering to hear the pettiness of the whisper campaign, attacking on every point, and on every front, portraying even Chaiko’s strengths as weaknesses and liabilities. “Twins he has; that proves he dabbles in the black arts. Careful he does not turn you into something less than human. Or he might have cast a spell on you already. Do you feel sick, weak or unsatisfied? I tell you it is he the source of it.” Such were the whisperings passed from mouth to ear.
“He is a magician indeed. How else has he risen so high? Does it not strike you as strange to hear he has such a high reputation at so young an age? Surely acquired not as a common man struggling to achieve? See how easily things come to him and fall in his lap? Do you think it fair? Like a leech he sucks strength and luck from the rest of us. Through magic, how else?” Otter-Cry believed all the lies but it did not stop him from wanting to ingratiate himself with a person of such power. He fawned and grovelled and was afraid at the same time. The fear shone in his eyes.
“I... I have no opinion; I’m only repeating to you what people are saying,” Otter-Cry distanced himself from this rumor mongering.
It was a relief when Laars finally left and took his shaman with him. It was a good thing for Lesser-Bear-Claw that Laars was such a wise and circumspect leader, for he had little help from Otter-Cry. The shaman was instead shallow, insensitive, unimaginative and worst of all, devoid of humor. Chaiko shook himself free of him, feeling contaminated by the poison he had heard. Disgusted by the general state of man, he escaped from the sad realities into the calm world of thoughts and ideas. But soon he was struggling with imponderables. He was not any nearer to any conclusions about the spirit world. He had no direct evidence of it. None. Yet people insisted upon talking about spirits in the most familiar terms, not the least concerned that there was only a vague “feel” to it. There had to be some way of proving or disproving spirits. He focused his mind on the problem. But how?
There was a tale about a creature with a long neck that grazes on tops of trees. Was there really such a beast or not? If he could find one, that would prove its existence. But to disprove it, he would have to search the whole world and even then could only say that he had not found one. Thus it was perhaps easier to prove something than to disprove it. Could he find one spirit and thus prove that they existed? How would he go about it?
He was well aware of the great temptation to look where things were visible; one looked for things in daylight not in the dark wherein they were lost. Could he reasonably expect to find spirit things in the physical world? For if spirits were like owls who flew only at night, never seen in the light of day, then looking for spirits in the daylight would surely miss them.
People persistently claimed there were spirits; why then had Bogan never taught about them? All he said was to let the spirit world take care of itself; he, Bogan had enough trouble with the physical world. A very pragmatic view that was nonetheless not enough for Chaiko. What about dreams where the two worlds seemed to overlap, the physical and the spiritual? How was it that he could fly in his dreams, yet still stumble around in the real world? And why could he feel pain in his dreams and yet wake up and not be wounded? And why could he see his parents in his dreams when they were long dead?
Chaiko considered chewing some Spirit Seed to open that part of his mind that was usually silent, but remembering the last time, he desisted. It had been a unique experience, vivid and evoking, but it refused to be ordered into any useable conclusion.

The stars were fixing the night skies with their hard points of light and the moon sailed in and out of the clouds. People had returned and settled down. Dawn and the children were sleeping already, Yael even snoring.
Notwithstanding the lateness, Ushi joined the shaman and the two of them looked at the night sky tracking the occasional shooting star that drew a bright but brief line from east to west. A sudden gust of wind left them with the unpleasant odour of overcrowded humanity.
“Phew!” Ushi fanned the bad air away from his nose. “It will be time to go home soon. I think we have worn out our welcome here.”
“Yes. Quite possibly,” the shaman agreed. “What will you do about her?” ... who was it now? “Keta?”
“She wants me to make a mate of her and is at me day and night. She will not lie with me for pleasure, she will not embrace me or kiss me even until then, she promises and threatens. I don’t understand, I was good enough for her when I was still mated, why does she want to change me now?”
“Women sometimes think it is their duty to improve their man. After all, it is the man who carries the prestige of their union, but it is the woman who must care for it and maintain it. But if she is such a bother, why not leave her then?”
“Because... though she complains and argues with me all the time, she keeps me from growing bored with her. Sure she knows how to please a man, better than most I might add, but she is really good at keeping us from becoming stagnant. She keeps me off balance and guessing all the time. I never know what she will come up with next.”
“Hmmm. I can see that you have all the necessary ingredients for a successful relationship. She will nag you in and out of her covers and lead you around by your nose. Truly a perfect mate.”
“Laugh all you want, but I tell you I am never bored with her, she doesn’t give me time enough.”
“Have you thought what you could be doing with your time, instead of wasting it with such trivialities?”
“What is there more worthwhile? To become a Chief or a shaman?” This time he was taking turns at being sarcastic.
“No, for those you have to feel called to serve,” Chaiko said quietly.
“Yes, like Corrigan I suppose?”
“At one time Corrigan was different. He has forgotten his reasons, that is all. You will do what you will do, but it would be best if you found a good woman to care for you and love you rather than lead you by the nose.”
Ushi grunted but said no more. A line glowed in the sky, fleetingly. Just like a thought, Chaiko conjectured; it held the attention for a brief moment then faded from consciousness. Where did thoughts go afterwards? Sometimes surely into memory. What was memory anyway? What made some people curious and exploring and others just bored with life? Where was the truth of these things and the truth that held all other truths?
He picked up the wood beside him, his hands searching out its familiar feel. Absently, he rubbed fine sand along its length, his mind elsewhere. In the stars, searching for truths and lies. People held that all things bespoke of truth, small or big. But does not a little truth already imply it is a lie? Truth cannot be subdivided... and if so there was only one truth. But where? Chaiko looked at the star-filled sky, wondering. Surely not in that cold distance? Cold or not, the stars twinkled invitingly as the summer night was full of the small sounds of silence.

Chapter 18
“Where is that girl?” Tara demanded in ill humor when she could not find Cora the next morning. She went to Lana but she had not seen her either. Quite concerned she searched the camp but could not find her sister nor anybody who had seen her. Last night Cora had gone to sleep, this morning she was nowhere to be seen. “Where is she?” Tara fumed.
“I think I know,” Chandar said quietly.
“Where then?” his mate turned on him not too kindly.
“At Singing-Rock,” he replied unperturbed.
“But of course,” she said with explosive relief, but it was short-lived and quickly turned to anger. “What could that girl be thinking to go off on her own without even telling anybody?”
“I suspect she guessed you would say no,” her mate answered reasonably. Tara bit her lips in agitation. She wanted to rush off to drag the miscreant back but Chandar would have none of it. “First we eat,” he said commanding her, “so feed me.” Tara remembered that it was she who had insisted that he be a hard task master, so she swallowed her anger and served him some food. He made a show of unhurriedly eating it.
Chandar accepted Crow’s offer of help and Makar came along too, recalling the rescue mission they had shared not all that long ago. Ruba came stiff-legged and attempted to join them but Chandar gave him a long look and refused. A little later they all set out and it took all of Tara’s willpower to stay behind the men as Chandar had commanded her.
Soon they came across Cora’s tracks heading west into the hills. A brisk march of long-legged strides made good time. Driven by her anxiety Tara easily kept up with them and would have hurried even faster but Chandar set the pace. As they pushed into the hills, Cora’s path was clearly visible. Long before they could see her they heard her song, the duet she sang with the cliff.
Cora was not at all glad to see them. She hastily erased the guilty expression from her face and replaced it with an unrepentant look, to face her sister’s fury. She did not want to hear about going back right away and bargained to stay a little longer. Tara fumed but nothing she said made much of an impression on her little sister’s resolve. No one mixed in; this was obviously a family matter. Crow shifted his weight from one foot to the other, and Makar, as always, was searching for the heroic in the context.
“Let her stay a while yet, since we are here already,” Chandar decided finally. Cora then shooed them away so she could sing uninhibitedly. The men talked of the coming race between Turbold and Solenex. Tara cast stones into the pond, still half angry, half wanting to laugh with the relief of finding her sister safe. The songs came at them and were repeated in the echo.
On the way back, the two girls talked animatedly in Tolmec which only Chandar could understand, although the accompanying gestures were easy enough to read. The big sister was berating the little sister, though Cora knew how to defend herself and did so spiritedly. Crow frowned at the sound of their talk, still having a few unpleasant associations with that language.
Crossing a flat sandy place, Crow took Makar aside and showed him smudge marks on the ground. Someone had taken some pains to erase the tracks. “Who?” Makar queried. “Ruba, most likely,” said Crow. “Now what do you suppose he is doing here, following us?” Makar merely shrugged his shoulders.
They were soon back at camp where Cora was greeted enthusiastically. When Baer had found out she was missing, he too had sent out Tusk to scout, but he soon returned to report that the earlier group was already following Cora’s tracks.
Ruba was seen later coming into camp, walking with a slight limp. He crawled under his covers to sleep some more, as Nebu fussed over him. She sensed that something was bothering her son, and struggled to stay in contact with him and reality. She did not disappear into that buffered world she had created for herself, where there were no thoughts or memories to haunt her.
Cora again went to Lana and reported to her. “You will have to hear this place! It’s really the first time I have heard myself without... without the sound from the inside confusing the sound from the outside. You will not believe how different you sound from what you think. Your ears have been lying to you... I tell you it’s amazing.”
“Well then I will have to see this place myself,” Lana promised. The girl was young, but she could sing and Lana respected her musical intuition. When it came to singing there was little difference between them. In interpretation, perhaps, how much of her life experience and emotions the girl was able to inject into her tones, but not in the production of the sounds or her judgment of them.
People were not surprised when the next morning Cora was again found to be missing. Cosh confirmed that she had taken the path to the hills to Singing Rock. Lana castigated herself, “I should have gone with her. She invited me. Cora is mesmerized with the place... that sings back to her.”
Baer grumbled, “It appears that she cannot stay away from it.” He quickly did a head count, scanning the camp with his eyes. “Well then let her be. We know she knows the way there and the way back.”
Tara wanted to protest; vexed she chewed on her lips but remained quiet. One did not question a leader, not among the Tolmecs, not even among the Standing-Rock Clan. “She will be all right,” Chandar reassured her.
A little later, Chaiko asked his brother, “Do you think it’s all right for a girl not yet twelve to be out on her own?”
“No,” Baer said shaking his head almost complacently, “but have you not noticed that Ruba is also gone?”

Cora was facing Singing Rock throwing her voice into the fissure. Time and time again the sound came back to her, true and clear. She tested it repeatedly, but the sound remained clean. She changed her position and listened how that affected the sound. If she stood to one side, the echo seemed to emphasize the bottom of her range whereas the other way highlighted more of the top. It was absolutely fascinating. She knew she was in trouble and that they would likely come again to drag her back, but she did not care. She just had to study this, get to the bottom of this mystery. She sent a slow vibrato and the echo returned wobbling. She laughed out loud, it sounded so comical. She had never found singing to be funny before. A large white bird suddenly left its nest squawking its protest. Cora watched it wheel in a large circle and settle on a rock farther along the cliff. Perhaps it did not like the vibrato, she guessed; she sent a slow vibrato at the bird and it turned its back to her. She laughed.
Cora changed her position slightly to test the sound once more. The echo returned but there was a strange low note on the bottom to it. Now that had not been in her voice! She tried again and the sound was back, as if underlined by some low harmonics. “Tra la-la la-lah,” she sang and the sound returned with a low harmonics split off, adding to her sound. She became extremely excited by this new discovery. How was it possible? To her it sounded as if the fissure was answering her. She went as low as she could, till her voice cracked and stalled, but the split went even lower, remaining well under her tone. She was glad that the sound remained harmonic, a true tone, not irritatingly off the note, as Ido almost always was. Cora shuddered; sometimes it took all her willpower not to cover her ears when people sang false. Then she just had to escape. Sometimes when the wind whistled false, it would nearly drive her out of her mind; she had to plug her ears and suffer with a headache. It was thus a great delight to find Singing Rock remaining so true. She sang again and again and the Rock returned her voice underlined with a faint but rich baritone. It must be a male, she thought fondly and she went and patted the rock.
“You are a fine rock, you are,” she whispered into the darkness of the crack and “are-re,” the echo replied. “You can sing as well as speak.” “Eeek” came back with a suggestion of a faint undertone.
“Speak then,” she yelled and obediently the rock responded. “Sing then.” For the first time in her life, Core felt truly listened to. That was it. The fissure was a giant ear that heard everything and repeated everything back to her with perfect recall. A great tenderness swept over her. She hugged the rock and whispered huskily, “I love you.” The rock whispered back, “love you.” A tingle coursed through her body and she was surprised how delicious it all felt.
“I love you,” she said again in mid voice and the crack echoed “I love you.” There was a very distinct rumbling undertone to the words.
“I love you;” this time she shaped the sound and projected it fully into the fissure. “I love you,” the echo came back more boldly, resonating with a baritone underside to her words.
“Do you love me?” she smiled into the crack. “You love me,” sounded much less a question, the bottom breaking into a low rumble.
It was amazing! Cora could not get enough of it. She whispered her secrets and Singing Rock promptly whispered them back.
It was near evening when she returned to camp, very tired and hungry but extremely happy. Tara started to scold her, but Cora pleaded, “Please do not ruin a perfect day. Please.” There was so much entreaty in her voice that Tara instantly relented.
Cora then ran to Lana. “You will not believe me! The echo answered me back!”
Lana’s laugh rang out. “But that is what an echo is! An answer.”
“No, no. You do not understand. It replied with sounds I did not make.”
“Really?” Lana was puzzled. Regarding singing and voices, she trusted the girl’s ear. Her tones were always perfect, her intuition about music unfailing. “I will have to hear this.”

Chaiko was thoughtful. On the way to Council he was preceded by a group of boys, insolently yelling, “Make way for the great magician! Show him great respect or he will change your face into an ear, and your ear into a nose so you can hear what you can’t smell.” This twittering marked Chaiko’s progress all the way to the sitting. There, he remained carefully quiet, sensing Corrigan wanting to pounce on anything he would say, and out of some perverse satisfaction took pains even to agree with the man, to frustrate him further. Thus Corrigan had to rage and rail against a shadow opponent who refused to come out and fight.
Back in camp, Tael’s surfacing was brought to Chaiko’s attention. He had been seen several times and there was talk that the miscreant was spreading rumors.
“What kind of rumors?” Chaiko asked.
“That Standing-Rock has been corrupted. That Baer is a tyrant and that you are a jealous conniver. And that he was forced out of the clan.” Ushi supplied a few more details. Chaiko knitted his eyebrows together but all he said was, “Well we shall soon see.”
The shaman settled down with his family, thinking he would not go anywhere that day, so as not to invite more maltreatment, but the difficulties followed him home. Dawn complained that she and her sister had been followed with words flung at them, like “foreigners” and “strangers,” and that Hollow-Tree was even told to go home as he was not welcome here.
“Pay them no heed,” Chaiko advised her; “it is part of the intimidation that Corrigan unleashes to gain leverage. It will soon cease when the issue of a Chief is decided.”
“When will that be?” Dawn asked; it obviously couldn’t come soon enough for her. She did not want her children put at risk in any way during this back and forth tug-of-war.
“The Council of Leaders will decide as soon as one side thinks they have an advantage.”
“Can Baer win this?” Dawn asked wistfully, thinking that his election would make Tanya the head head-woman.
“Not likely,” Chaiko said, less than encouraging. “He is running more to keep the process honest.”
“Oh, why do men bother to do the things they do anyway?” Running a race not to win just did not make any sense to Dawn.
“There is a pretty even split. A three way tie among Turbold, Solinex and Taeko. In the background Corrigan is manipulating events and switching his support as it suits him, to buy himself a Chief. With Baer running, we can counter his machinations by pitting our support against his. We can thus nullify whatever he does and guarantee a more honest race. Understand?”
Of course she understood! The Ekulan invented this kind of subtlety, but understanding this was not necessarily the same as understanding why the men would bother with such a game. She just wanted her family safe and not exposed.
Later on Nebu came again with concerns for her son. This time Chaiko was careful to remain tactful and not frighten her into flight. He listened to her worries without interrupting. He found it encouraging that Nebu was finally coming out of her isolation, her instincts as a mother making her reach out for her son’s sake. Chaiko was determined to salvage her as well through this opportunity.
Then Makar came to report on his progress composing. He looked a little out of sorts, and Chaiko surmised he knew the reason why, but the young man soon warmed to his subject as he presented his work:
“The man thinks himself so astute
 Beyond clever and shrewd
 All things he would rule
 In praise of himself
 Keen he is, as seen he is
 Yet his smile is bitter bile
 His mind is full of guile
 His anger burns like fire
 Forgiveness is not in him…”

Chaiko thought it over carefully, then said, “Good work, it is what we want, to turn Corrigan against himself by showing off his quirks for everyone to see. But I think we should be less obvious, with a little more subtlety. Let him use innuendo and lies, let us use gentle humor. Make it rhyme so it flows from the tongue easily.”
“Yes, yes,” the young man nodded, he knew just the thing, and hurried away. Chaiko was left looking after him, realizing the man was only a year younger than he. Sometimes Chaiko, the shaman of the Standing-Rock Clan, felt very old, almost ancient. He turned to watch Dawn playing with the children and the weight of years dropped from him little by little. Seeing his father free and looking his way, Yael tackled him and the two wrestled beside the fire. Father and son, with the son triumphantly on top declaring it to all the world.
Later still in the evening Chaiko asked Ruba why he was so hoarse and where had he been all day? Ruba grumbled something indistinct, but did not repeat it.
Tusk then seized upon the boy. Not knowing what else to do for him, Tusk asked him to run an errand. Ruba, who greatly admired the Chief-Hunter, was glad to be of service. He ran to the Sharong and collected a set of bone plates that Tusk had won betting on a grasshopper jumping contest. Ruba gave the plates to Tusk explaining, “These are made from moose antlers, smoothed and polished so flat.”
Tusk had no idea what to do with them. There were holes in each to be hung around the neck, he suspected. If it wasn’t for the bet... “You have no idea how far grasshoppers can jump,” he mused, flipping the plates in his hand. “You know, if...” he stopped himself abruptly from saying “if your father were alive today.” Instead he gave the plates to Ruba, saying, “Here, draw something on them.”
Horrified by the suggestion Ruba tried to return the plates, “I don’t know how...”
But Tusk would have none of it. “Yes you do! You are your father’s son. You grew up with him, watched him work. Those memories are still inside you. Let them teach you!” Then he warmed to the project even more. “I want you to draw an aurochs, with a spear in his chest, dying. Yes. That is what I want.” He had a very faraway look, peering into his past. “That is what made me a hunter.”
Ruba dared not refuse Tusk, but could not think of any way to start. The blank pieces of bone mocked him. Among his possessions he found a small shard of flint, but his hands paused undecided over the bone. He was afraid of its wide expanse, so filled with emptiness. Where should he begin? He started to draw but each time drew back, afraid to commit himself to the line. Desperately he thought of his father. What would Malek do with the bone? The assignment? The words came into his mind; feel the pain of the beast, its despair, its loss of hope, the death growing in him... The image took shape in his mind and his hands twitched and the flint bit into the bone, the first bold line dividing its face. After that the form emerged quickly as line after line elaborated each detail. The spear, the mouth bleating out its pain, the forelegs collapsing. The great beast dying from the bite of the spear. Ruba was filled with a great sorrow at the pain of the aurochs, the life ebbing from him. The flint incised that pain in the surrender of the backbone sagging, the head lying down onto the ground, robbed of power and strength. Then it was suddenly over and Ruba peered astonished at the thing he had created. The beast was now in the bone, good as any Malek had created. Ruba could not believe his eyes. Where had it come from? It could not have been him. He hid the plate in his covers, thinking it a trick of the fading light.
Near the end of the day came the tortured sound “Arrgghh!” of Makar taking his cure. Obviously he had not fully reconciled himself to the strong medicine. Unaccountably, people quickly accepted this addition to their daily routines to signal it was time to settle down for the night. Only a few knew that Makar had some long nights yet ahead of him, denied the comfort and pleasure of his mate. Chaiko hoped he was right in imposing such an onerous burden on Makar, but his reasoning seemed to be sound. He wanted them both to be very hungry for one another, and he expected that after a full moon’s abstinence their passions would be inflamed beyond endurance. Makar would be driven to be more than just generous and she would be more greedy to receive and perhaps, conceive. Of course only time would tell if the shaman was right in this. But at the very least Makar would be happy that he did not have to take the vile concoction any longer.

Chapter 19
Out of darkness a golden radiance flooded the land. Not all at once, of course, but by degrees. Shade by slow shade the darkness withdrew, fleeing from the emerging light. The noises of birds encouraged the sun.
Ruba awoke, painfully aware of the light. He rubbed his eyes, yawned... then remembered. Feverishly, he rummaged in his covers until he found the bone. He dared not look at it first. What if it all had been a dream?
He had to force himself to peek and was astonished. In the daylight the drawing on the bone looked even better than he remembered. It was nearly as good as anything his father had done, even if on a much smaller scale.
He took a cold charcoal bit from the fire, crumbled it up between his fingers and sprinkled it over the bone, using it to rub and polish the bone. Each line suddenly stood out in stark relief, with the charcoal in the lines lending strength to every suggestion of detail. The animal was succumbing, surrendering to death; his parting agony was piteous. How had he done that? He shook his head asking again, where did the image come from?
A little later he showed it to Tusk whose mouth dropped open in astonishment. “That is how it was... exactly,” the big man marveled and tilted the bone plate a little, making the figure seem to move. “This is mine,” Tusk said, claiming the piece, “but the rest of the plates are yours to use as you wish.”
Ruba had a momentary pang of jealousy; letting the drawing go was proving painful. “I will make another,” he promised, but still longed after the piece. It was his first attempt, but he was aware suddenly that there would be a second and third and so on. He had found a calling! The handful of blank bones suddenly took on great value. Yes, another. Should he make one for Cora? Something not so grisly or sad.
Going to the spring for water Cora and Ruba met face to face, very nearly colliding with each other. “Stay away from me,” Cora spat out in disdain, every bit as fierce as her older sister. Ruba backed away from her hastily, blushing furiously. He had been so close to her that she had filled his nose with her scent.
Cora rushed back to camp, angry because lately she had been feeling his eyes on her all the time. Wherever she went, there he was, watching her. Sometimes, under his gaze, she felt as if she were exposed and naked, and she had to hurry to hide. It made her skin crawl. But the worst was that there were times when she thought she felt him, only to find out later he had been somewhere else. She could not even trust her own senses anymore. What did he want of her? Whatever it was she was not interested!
Toward midmorning Cora, Lana and Crow left to visit the famous Singing Rock. “Wait till you hear it,” Cora promised repeatedly. She could hardly contain herself at times, wanting to race ahead. Then finally they were there and Cora possessively took charge of the place. She positioned the other two carefully to face the fissure and then sang into it. The sound came back amazingly clear and pure.
“Sounds just like you,” Lana said.
“You try it,” Cora said motioning to her. Lana tried a tentative note and listened to the reply hesitate right back. Then she tried a little stronger. The echo responded obediently, but did not sound to her like her own voice. The inflection was the same, the intonation even, but the quality of the sound was strange to her ears. She frowned. It was not what she knew her voice to be. She tested again and again, and became caught up in the same compulsion that had already claimed Cora.
“See? See?” Cora asked large eyed, her voice glowing with excitement.
“It is very strange. It is my voice, but not exactly,” Lana said, frowning again into the crevice. She looked at Cora and asked, “Does my voice really sound like that?”
“Yes,” Cora cried, nodding earnestly, “you sound just like that.”
Lana looked shocked and deeply disturbed. “Lana, are you all right?” Cora asked.
“That means,” Lana said tremulously, “that everyone else can hear me the way I sound except me.” Her face was white. “My ears have been lying to me.”
“No, no. You have a beautiful voice,” Cora hurried to reassure her friend. “It is just that you hear the sound from both inside and outside at the same time. It makes it sound richer, I think.” She then turned herself toward the crevice and sang an intricate run, sliding up and down, careful always to keep in harmony with the echo.
“That is incredible,” Lana said as excited as her young friend. Then both girls sang, making a trio of sound, careful to use the echo delay to add to the sound. Run after run they sang and Singing Rock promptly responded. Both girls were in raptures, glowing with sound, filled with its warmth. At times the beauty of the tones they layered simply took their breath away. They looked at each other and burst out in girlish giggles from the sheer pleasure.
“Now listen to this,” Cora beckoned, “stand right there and do not move.” She then sang into the split. The sound came back wonderfully pure. Cora sang again and again, her face growing pinched.
“What is it?’ Lana asked growing concerned.
“It’s not there,” Cora said in abject disappointment.
“What is not there?” Lana was puzzled, everything seemed there to her.
“No, you do not understand! The crevice sang back to me.”
“Of course. It’s an echo...” What was bothering the girl?
“No!” Cora said vehemently, “I sang and he replied with sounds I did not make!”
“He?” Lana was taken totally aback.
“Yes.” Cora blushed deep red, but determined, she set forth. “There was a deep sound on the bottom. I cannot even go that low.”
Lana frowned, “Are you sure?”
“Of course I am sure! I would know the difference!” Lana had to accept that assertion. Both girls tried sound after sound, but only their echoes came back. Cora was dejected, having so looked forward to sharing this oddity with her friend.
“It is a beautiful place, and so full of beautiful sound. Thank you for showing this to me.” Lana tried to cheer the girl up, but Cora remained inconsolable. All her pleasure was suddenly gone, and she frowned darkly. What was she doing wrong? She tried for a time again but could not evoke the sounds she had hoped for.
She was quiet all the way back. Lana hugged her and tried to comfort her. “It’s all right.”
“No. It’s not all right,” Cora said in a petulant voice. “I know I heard it and I know it was there. It makes no sense for it to be there one day but not another.”
“What was there?” Lana asked carefully.
“There was another presence there. With a steady, rich baritone timbre.” Cora closed her eyes better to recall the experience. “And it was full of goodness. Pure enough to break one’s heart. And so full of caring.”
“You heard all that just from the sound?”
“I have very good ears,” Cora said with such self-assured pride that there was no room left for doubt. Lana just hugged her friend and tried to share her grief.
Arriving back to camp, Cora saw Ruba by his fire, working on a bone plate. Still feeling her earlier disappointment, she transferred it into anger at him. “Look at him, pretending not to be watching me. Yet soon as I turn my back I feel his prying eyes on me. It makes my stomach hurt and I can never relax, always searching for where he is… when that’s the last thing I want to do.”
But this time she was wrong. With a bit of flint Ruba was engraving the bone with a picture of a thrush in flight, as a gift intended for her. It gave him great pleasure to see the bird emerge line by line. He imagined Cora looking at it with sheer delight, and he warmed with satisfaction. He was unaware of anything else around him, just the plate and the next incised line. This time he rubbed the plate with red ochre to see the design jump out in sharp contrast. He polished the plate, imagining her appreciation, and he felt fulfilled.

Arriving at the sitting of the Council, Chaiko was intercepted by Tomakon, warning him to be careful as something was brewing. They took their places conscious of many sideways glances thrown in their direction but also of much avoidance of eye contact. Chaiko sniffed the air, as if that would tell him anything, but the tension was palpable. Lefay came over and sat down beside them, signaling which side of the issue he was on. Chaiko took time to laugh outright to send a signal, too.
Corrigan arrived with his retinue and they quickly arranged themselves, obviously eager to get started. Corrigan himself seemed charged with anticipation yet took time to be especially gracious. A minor matter was quickly dispensed with and an aura of waiting for something impending took hold of them all. Corrigan enjoyed the suspense that every eye was upon him awaiting his pleasure. Chaiko brazenly returned the Head-Shaman’s smile, teeth for teeth. Finally Corrigan stood, and started. “It is our duty at times to determine what justice is. We sit, confer and deliberate until we can say with some certainty to our fellow man, ‘This is justice, observe it’ and ‘This is not justice, so abjure it.’” The Head-Shaman paused theatrically. “We thus have an awesome responsibility, for we must be justice to others. A high calling and a noble calling, requiring above all integrity from each one of us so entrusted. And each of us must respond and safeguard it.” He looked with great pride at the assembled, then his voice turned sorrowful. “But on rare occasions this trust is betrayed by someone in authority, taking advantage of his power for his own gain.” There was a horrified murmur that followed this announcement in a well-choreographed response.
“Who? Who is it? Who would dare such a thing?” the chorus of voices demanded on cue.
But Corrigan was not yet ready to reveal the guilty party, for as long as he remained unnamed, the accused could not defend himself but must wait as the accusation mounted against him. A cunning ploy, Chaiko granted the man.
“Who indeed? Certainly not an honest man! No upright man would steal the reputation of another, separate him from his family, force him from his home to cast him adrift in an unfriendly world. Certainly no shaman!”
“Tell us his name! Reveal him to us!” the voices yelled, bristling with indignation.
“Now you know me as an honest man...” Corrigan paused and the well-rehearsed chorus replied with “Yea!”
“You know me as a just man,” likewise assured with fresh yeas. “So I tell you honestly that I can find little justice in this evil perversion that one of us allowed himself.” He stabbed his finger at Chaiko and his voice became hard as a whip. “I accuse you, acting shaman of the Standing-Rock Clan, of stealing an invention of another man, claiming it as your own, then driving this poor wretch from his home and family and making an outcast of him.” There was a great show of horrified revulsion. “You have destroyed this man, Tael, utterly! Harmed his reputation beyond repair.” Corrigan looked about pleadingly. “Separate me rather from my own shadow, but spare my reputation and honor.” There was great quiet and Corrigan spat at the accused, “What say you to these charges?”
Slowly Chaiko rose, drawing all eyes on him. He looked levelly at them all, then up at the sky, including it with a dignified gesture of his hand. “As you can see, it is a beautiful day. So I can stand here all day and claim it is dark but it cannot make you blind to the brightness that is.” He turned and faced Corrigan and said in an even tone, “Just because someone claims that injustice was done, likewise, does not make it true. An accusation is not evidence. A charge is not proof.” He let the import of the words sink in then continued, “I will answer all charges. I did not steal the idea. Indeed I made Falcon with my own hands from my own ideas, no one else’s. I have made many more since, which you call l’bow. You will find my mark of a falcon’s claw incised in many of them. I did not drive Tael away; he stole away in the middle of the night, abandoning his mate. We later heard that he claimed that he had invented l’bow so we corrected that falsehood, and so declared we to all the clans that he lies. He stands accused by the lies from his own mouth.” Chaiko then hardened his voice and turned fully on Corrigan. “Let him who would accuse, prove his case!”
“Nay, rather prove your innocence!” Corrigan barked back.
“I shall if you bring my accuser to face me! Let him hold a gourd high in his hand at twenty, nay, thirty paces. Falcon will speak for me thus: I shall shoot talon after talon at the gourd and will not harm him for Falcon obeys me, recognizing its creator. I command the talons, they know my voice. For the things well made know their maker.”
“A trick, a trick,” the chorus protested, then died out.
“If you do not let Falcon be my witness, then call the mate he abandoned, and let her testify.”
“Tael is not on trial, you are!” Corrigan interrupted harshly.
“And you, Corrigan, will you be my accuser and sit in judgment over me at the same time? A man who has opened his mouth to accuse has already made his judgment; his heart is filled with condemnation so he cannot deliberate in good conscience the innocence or guilt of any man. That is the code as taught!”
“Good, then, I will accuse but not be a judge,” Corrigan threw back venomously, not pleased to be so robbed of power. “Tordar, you sit as judge!” Tordar nodded, his mouth a thin line. He was an old crony of Corrigan.
Still Chaiko had the burden of proving his innocence. But how? “If truth be true at all it must be true throughout. There are no shades of truth, only the overall brightness of it which will pierce the darkness and rebuke the shadows.” The shamans stirred uneasily; these were high words for one so young. But Chaiko was burning with passion; in a moment of need, the words simply came to him. “You see truth cannot be divided! Truth cannot be compromised!” He took a big step back to signal a coming contrast. “Falsehood, on the other hand, mixes truth with error and lies and misdirection: all tricks to make you accept the falsehood as true. But only a naive man, an unlearned man, is taken in by it, for though a good liar can perhaps make you think that a lie is true, he still cannot change truth into a lie, for truth is witness of itself. As the sun bears witness of itself, its light blazing, its heat warm, every man can see it and feel it on his skin, so is truth, self-evident!
“Let’s talk of falsehood then. A pool of pure water from a mountain stream is pure indeed, but add a drop of blood to it, and the two will mix and the water is no longer pure. So it is with truth and lies. He who lies in small matters will lie in big ones. You will not find me lying big or small. But Tael’s life is a lie from beginning to end. Everyone who knows him can bear witness to it. Ask them.” Chaiko again turned to the shamans and addressed the last to Tordar directly, “The truth I speak will exonerate me. The lies Tael speaks will condemn him! Judge me then in the light of it.” Chaiko sat down, finished.
Tomakon patted him on the arm, congratulating him on a fine speech and Lefay whispered loud enough to be overheard, “That is telling them, just so! An honest person is exact about the truth; a liar is only interested in the efficacy of his lies.”
Tordar then turned to Corrigan and said, “It seems that we had best look for this Tael, hear the words from his mouth and measure for ourselves what is and is not true.”
Corrigan did not appear to be pleased with this development, but in his haste to accuse, he had given control over to someone else. He sent someone scurrying to fetch his witness. The rest tried to unravel Chaiko’s speech. “He is right about truth, that it must be true in all of its parts...”
Tomakon was curious too, “Where do you get these ideas of yours?”
Chaiko turned to him and replied, “By thinking, mostly at night. It is obvious though, to everybody, no?”
“Not to everybody,” both shamans murmured, shaking their heads; it was clear to very, very few. “And when do you sleep?”
“Between thoughts,” Chaiko replied with a grin.
After a substantial wait, Corrigan’s man finally returned and whispered something to his master. It was not good news, but for whom?
“It seems that Tael cannot be located in this crowd,” Corrigan had to admit. A stir of dissatisfaction went through the assembled. “But that should not hold up the proceeding any, as eventually he will be found.”
Tordar leaned forward and said decidedly, “In this the accused is correct, accusation alone is no evidence. You must find your witness or withdraw your charge.” Corrigan nodded and again sent his servant to search for Tael.
Corrigan then repeated, “It is charged that Chaiko has abused his power. As a consequence, it is alleged, Tael had to flee for his own safety into other lands. Far from abandoning his mate and child, he was forced out of home and clan. Tael therefore asks that his mate be returned to him, to be reinstated in their union, and that restitution be made for his dead child.” There was a quiet that greeted these words.
“Your request is so noted. But again, we must hear this from Tael himself,” Tordar repeated without yielding.
“I further request that if these accusations be proven true, Chaiko be stripped of his position as shaman so he has no further opportunity to repeat his offence.”
“Noted.”
The word of the proceeding had leaked into the general Gathering and soon a large crowd collected nearby to hear all the details. There was nothing in the whole camp that could compete with the drama of this. A shaman on trial! No one had ever heard of a shaman stripped of his status. A Standing-Rock contingent with Dawn and Baer to the fore stood in a compact huddle. The crowd grumbled its displeasure and a few were very vocal. Archer, the best l’bowman of all, proclaimed loudly, “I have seen this Tael and he does not know which end of l’bow is which. He lies, then lies about his lies, whereas every l’bow testifies of Chaiko, for it fits his hand, for it is in his hand the idea was born. There can be no doubt of that.”
Chaiko smiled reassuringly at his family. They all waited, some patiently, some less so; time seemed suspended. The crowd grew and tidbits of information mixed with a lot of conjecture, all hotly debated. Several times Tordar asked, “Where is your witness?” And Corrigan answered, “He will be here soon.”
More time passed, and some more, then finally the errand-boy returned and whispered anxiously into Corrigan’s ears. The Head-Shaman turned livid with anger, spun on his heels and left the Council, disdaining even an explanation. It remained to the errand-boy to inform all assembled that, by all accounts, Tael had fled.
“In light of Tael’s further flight this proceeding is terminated. The accusation is expunged and all presumption of guilt is lifted from the one accused,” Turbold pronounced and the shamans quickly dispersed, but the crowd remained hugely disappointed over being deprived of such riveting entertainment.
Tomakon and Lefay pounded on Chaiko’s back vigorously, but Chaiko himself was disappointed. He would have liked to show what a liar Tael really was. As it was, in spite of the facts, nothing had been proven, so some of the accusations would still stick to him. He said, “Corrigan will not let it stay that way.” Glumly the others nodded in agreement. Chaiko went to join his family and they all went home.
Baer congratulated him warmly as did others, touching him, grasping his hand, patting his back. As they withdrew toward camp, Baer mentioned that he thought that the election of a Chief was likely to come fairly soon. The race was too close to predict, as people switched support back and forth, and the leaders freely stole votes from each other. Baer was only sure it was not going to be himself. But even as he spoke, a messenger arrived summoning him to Council.
“Why did Tael run?” Dawn asked her mate when they were alone with just their children. Dawn was still worried, remembering all too well the ugly mood that Chaiko faced in the Council.
“A liar can’t confront the truth as lying does not add courage to a man but robs him of it. He hides behind the lies and is afraid of being discovered, yet he can’t help himself but lie again. Besides, a liar grows to believe that everyone else lies, and can’t believe a straight word, in himself or in others.” But Chaiko was also much disconcerted by this recent experience. Why was it that he had to defend the truth nearly by himself? The lies were obvious to all, yet Corrigan, notwithstanding, exploited the circumstances to get at Chaiko. That Chaiko had again withstood his attacks, must have doubtless inflamed the Head-Shaman against him all the more. Good, then let us fight it out, Chaiko decided. It is you or me, then.
Later on he was still considering his choices; he had not been intending to say anything to Dawn so as not to burden her further, but then decided against that; it would be best to warn her that Corrigan could be capable of almost anything and consequently, they both needed to take some precautions. He talked at length with Dawn, sketching out the problem of their situation. Her face became composed and calm; he recognised it as the mask she used to try to hide from him how upset she really was.
“The good thing is that we can depend on our friends,” Chaiko said. “We also have allies on both Councils. We are not alone in this. Corrigan has been heavy handed for years and there is a great deal of opposition to him under the surface. But we need to show them some assurance of success before they will be willing to rise against him. I think Corrigan himself should be careful for he could loose an avalanche of protest that could easily swamp him.” His face had grown stone hard, remembering the River of Rocks that had severed his leg.
Later, Dawn tried to deflect Fire-Dancer’s questions, but her very reluctance aroused her sister’s suspicions and Fire-Dancer picked and picked until she had the whole story. “It seems the leadership here is also full of conspiracies, just like among the Ekulan. If it is not one thing, it is sure to be something else.” But then she quickly recovered and tried to be sensitive. “Don’t worry, Chaiko can handle it. I have not met a person half as effective in everything as your mate.”
“Really?” Dawn asked, pleased in spite of her worries.
The sun stood high when a shadow fell on the shaman. Tikki was there, looking at him shyly. “Perhaps this is not the right time...” the man began, but Chaiko seized upon him, needing some distraction from the storm of thoughts raging within. “No. Please stay! This is exactly the right time.” He bade Tikki to sit, then minutely examined the man’s stump. Chaiko stuffed the cup-end with extra moss. The fit was excellent, perhaps needing just a little more adjustment as the stump would strengthen from use, from once again supporting the weight of the man. Chaiko tied the rest of the bindings and stood up to help him to his feet.
Tikki stood, uncertainly, weaving about, and Chaiko had to hold firmly to steady him. The man was missing the leg at mid-thigh, without the knee to give him some flexibility. The wooden leg remained straight under him, unbending. He wobbled, then moved around a little, Chaiko still holding onto him. They practised taking a few steps this way then that, but in his eagerness Tikki often staggered. Several times he trod on Chaiko’s good leg with his wood, not realising the pain he caused the shaman. Finally Chaiko let him go, but had to jump to break his fall as he stumbled, the two legs under him working against each other. Finally Chaiko bade him just to stand, but even that proved difficult. Tikki’s body had gotten used to the solid support of his crutches.
By the end of the session, Tikki ached all over but could stand erect—unaided. There he stood with a big smile on his face, holding up his hands to show that they were free at last. Chaiko returned his smile but then told him, enough for one day— they would practice again some other day.
Tikki left smiling, reconciled that he would have to learn to walk all over again. Chaiko collapsed gratefully by the fire. He was stiff too, perhaps out of sympathy. Seeing his father free, Yael crawled into his lap and claimed him. “You see, my son,” Chaiko said to the squirming boy, “A shaman has to be many things to his people but above all else he must be a teacher and an... example. You will see.” Yael jumped in his arms and his head hit his father on the nose, filling his eyes with tears, stopping any further flow of wisdom from him.
Chaiko looked at his son more closely. The boy had put on weight and spoke now in short sentences. But the most noticeable aspect was his curiosity, his eagerness to explore and not be afraid to try anything. Twice he burned himself taking a flaming twig from the fire and drawing patterns in the darkness of night. He regarded the twins with amused interest and tried to play with them. When he was a bit rough, Chaiko had to step in to distract him with something else. Yael was eager to learn and Chaiko spend more time with him, playing, increasing his dexterity. When Yael fell asleep, Chaiko checked on his weapons. At this point he didn’t trust Corrigan not to try something underhanded. Not an outright attack, but it was prudent to be prepared... for anything. He checked his Falcon and his stock of talons. On quick inspection, they seemed all right. On checking his spear, however, he noted with some irritation that the flint head had shattered. When did that happen? The blunted tip was quite useless. He went and found Kray, and asked him to fix it.
“No problem...” Kray said examining the shattered tip. “It looks as if someone smashed this on purpose.” Corrigan’s name flashed through the shaman’s thoughts; more of his conniving! Returning to his fire, Chaiko examined his Falcon more closely. He wasn’t surprised when he found the string halfway cut through: at first draw it would surely fail. Someone had sneaked in here and done this! What else would Corrigan dare to undertake to make sure that he won at all costs? Chaiko frowned deeply as he changed the string and carefully checked all his talons.

Baer returned from a hastily convened Council of Leaders, his mouth set in a grim line. “We had a round of votes in Council. Of the eleven votes needed to win, Turbold received six votes, Solinex five and Taeko also five. I got four.”
“That is good!” Chaiko exulted. “The sides are nearly even and we hold a good balance of power.”
Baer flicked his hand dismissingly. “But don’t you see? Five didn’t vote... they are still up for grabs. We then had a second round. Turbold now at seven, Solinex still five, but Taeko climbed to six and I dropped to three. That is how we left it until tomorrow.”
“Oh,” that was disappointing. “How secure are your three votes?”
“The three I have are sure. Laars swears he is behind me and he holds another firmly in hand.”
“Then we should stay put and see what the next vote brings. Eleven votes are needed to win, and presently it is all pretty even,” Chaiko calculated, feeling some resurgence of confidence. This thing was not over yet.
“All right, but stay by me!” Baer said urgently. “We can expect the parties to descend upon us like flies on honey trying to buy our votes.”
“I can’t, but I give you Ushi. He has a very fine nose for such things and loves to mix and deal. He should really go back to trading.”
Baer shrugged. “I just don’t like all this back and forth tugging. Perhaps we would be better off with a Chief and save ourselves this nit-picking.”
“Uhum,” Chaiko muttered sympathetically. He too preferred choosing a clear course and staying with it. All this reacting was disconcerting and kept one constantly on edge. Chaiko already had been in one fight today; he was not up to the cat and mouse game of bargaining for votes, offering instead Ushi for that purpose. The shaman then withdrew into himself, went over the events of the morning and reviewing his speech, thinking of what else he should have said. He again came to the conclusion that Corrigan and he were locked in a fight, and that this time neither would let go.
Before turning in for the night Ushi came and wearily sat down beside the shaman to report on the various negotiations.
“Everybody came. Once, twice, some three times. Begging, pleading, cajoling, promising... all wanting our votes. Forward and back we went and even sideways. It has been a while since my ears have welcomed so many words into its shell and my tongue has shaped so many words and said farewell to them.
“I am sorry if the others gave you so many problems,” Chaiko said sympathetically.
“The others?” Ushi said in mock surprise, “The others were no problem! Baer was the difficulty!”
“Baer?”
“Oh yes! He just wanted to stay solid with his vote and it took me a long time to convince him that we must adjust and adapt depending on which way the votes swing.” Ushi was again growing excited by the intricacy of the balancing strategy. “For example we have to watch Chisan, Corrigan’s man: whichever way he goes, we have to swing the other way to maintain the balance. The word is that the Head-Shaman is quite willing to switch his support away from Taeko if he can get the proper concessions. The rest are scrambling, looking for ways to put together eleven votes. I know that Turbold and Solinex have made a deal to keep Taeko out at any cost, and both of them would gobble us up, if they could. There are only four running but there are at least twelve separate deals made, all depending. And there are still people who haven’t committed themselves. They are sitting it out until something firms up. If for example...”
“Spare me the details. How does it look for tomorrow?”
“It is hard to know for sure, but my nose tells me that the morning vote will be a cautious testing of the waters so to speak, likely to be the same as the last. The vote following, who knows?” Ushi shrugged. It seemed to Chaiko that in spite of his protestations Ushi was set to talk at length, probably enjoying the attention this opportunity provided and was very much in his element. But Chaiko was not. In the end he had to tell the trader to go, rest and be fresh and clearheaded for the morning rounds. Reluctantly Ushi went, dragging his feet. Chaiko smiled after him; the trader was a most useful man to have around, adept at so many things, curious at all times and a busybody with a nose into everything. Omaani’s loss was Standing-Rock’s gain.
Darkness had swallowed the world. A few fires were flickering, more for smoke than for light. Chaiko wearily slipped under the bison pelt, snuggling into the warmth that his mate had collected around her. Sensing his movement, the children stirred on the other side. Moon gave a whimper and Chaiko patted her lightly. He lowered his head and closed his eyes but his thoughts would not let him sleep. They chased one another, and when he put one away, a dozen other would pop into his head. Weary as he was after such an eventful day, his mind was still bubbling with chance thoughts surfacing out of the chaos. Reluctantly, he started sorting them to bring some order into this confusion and immediately fell asleep.

Chapter 20
People woke with the thought of the election in their minds. Quickly they rose to find out the latest gossip. Men and women gathered in groups, discussing possibilities. The attention of the whole camp was riveted on the one question for the day, who was going to be the Chief? All other matters were forgotten for the present. There were plenty of opinions, sweeping from idealism through pragmatism and onto cynicism; everyone had a viewpoint and a great desire to share it in an unprecedented outpouring of interest.
One by one the leaders made their way to the Council, accompanied by a procession, followed by every eye in camp. Near the sitting a huge crowd had collected threatening to overwhelm the meeting itself. Corrigan, who was not happy to have so many witnesses overlooking his actions, commanded the stables to push the crowd back. A shoving match ensued, the crowd yielding only a little.
Chaiko remained back at camp with his family. “Aren’t you coming?’ someone asked. The shaman observed wryly that doubtless the meeting would go ahead without him. He sat at the campfire, staring into the smoke, his mind wandering. At times he could hear waves of sound reaching him and wondered briefly how the voting was going and in whose favor. Had it been right for Baer to join the contest? And what had they really hoped to gain from it?
The twins were crawling over him. Sun was looking for a breast to latch onto, but had to satisfy himself with a nose instead. Moon was content just to stay in the crook of his arm. He rocked her gently and that put her to sleep momentarily. Sun got a handful of hair and pulled with surprising strength. He put Moon down and scooped Sun up, bouncing him in the air. Squealing with excitement, Sun wanted more. “I can see that you’re going to be an adventurer. That is if Moon will let you out of her sight.” It was interesting how the twins stuck together. At the very least they had to hear each other. When separated, both got very restless and unhappy.
Dawn came and scooped the two up, intending to take them to Fire-Dancer. Yael was already with Wild-of-Wind. The women were spinning rope and Dawn wanted to help. “There is some smoked meat in the carryall and some mushrooms. That should hold you until tonight,” Dawn said, going off. Chaiko watched her go, wondering how she managed it so gracefully with an infant on either hip.
Tikki arrived for his practice session bright and early, eager to gain the freedom of mastery. Chaiko examined the man’s stump, found a few sore spots, rubbed some grease onto them, and packed the cup with extra moss. He strapped on the wood, tying it more securely, then pulled him to his feet.
At first Tikki was even more clumsy than the day before. In his zeal, he overcorrected and was staggering about from one side to the other.
“Relax!” Chaiko instructed him, “don’t try so hard.” But it was like telling a blind man not to look, for he was like a blind man, seeing with his hopes. Stopping, he swayed unsteadily, not finding his balance point. Finally, Chaiko had to order him just to stand still. “You move about as if you were still on crutches. Straighten up! Hold your weight further back.” The man tried as best he could to obey but his instincts got in the way. Still, after a time, he became smoother in his movements, thought he tended to overcompensate. He also got tired easily and had to rest often, finding that getting down, or up, was even more difficult.
Dawn returned with the children and put them down for a nap. The twins dropped off quickly, but Yael was still restless. He poked Sun, who woke and cried loudly. That woke Moon and she joined in. Dawn had trouble quieting them and was gently remonstrating with Yael.
When they settled, Dawn pulled out some footwear, repairing a tear in one of the skins. They would need quite a few for the way back. Everyone had to have at least three pairs ready. She chewed on a new piece she was working, to make it especially soft for an inner lining. From time to time she glanced up at her mate busy with the one legged man, noting how Chaiko’s own limp seemed more pronounced. Was it from empathy? she wondered, glad, however, for his zeal to help others. Tikki finally left and Chaiko sat down by the fire again.
On the nearby covers, Fire-Dancer and Hollow-Tree were rolling about, tickling one another, their laughter turning hungry. They should go into the flar, Dawn thought with some severity. She then looked at Chaiko who did not look interested in anything other than what he was mulling over in his head. Too bad, she thought, for with everyone else gone, they had a rare chance at privacy. Then she thought back to the night by the lake, a wave of sensuality washing over her, the footwear momentarily forgotten.
Midmorning, Stow arrived running, quite out of breath. “Ushi... sent me... the morning vote... the same... as the last... no change...” So, just as Ushi had predicted, everyone was playing it very cautiously. Then Stow ran back, not wanting to miss a moment of the excitement.
Near midday Kray returned with Yaya and Tay. He had had enough of standing around, trying to see and having to be satisfied with a few words of what was happening in Council. “The second vote is in,” Kray reported to Chaiko, “and it is just the same as the last, except people have started to switch their votes. But still it came out the same.” The man shook his head. “Hard to see what all the fuss is about.”
“Yes, hard indeed,” Chaiko agreed with him.
Yaya stayed a while reporting to Dawn what the women were gossiping about in the waiting crowd. “It is said that Turbold has lost all interest in his mate on account of this... finding more excitement in the election I suppose.” Yaya’s head nodded knowingly. “Solinex, apparently, is not much better, and has not lain with his woman since this all started.” She paused and fidgeted. “Taeko, on the other hand, does nothing else. Some say he is burning up his nervousness with his woman. But nobody hears her complaining. Baer, on the other hand,” she began then suddenly remembered that she was talking to a close friend of Tanya’s, and changed her tune a bit, “well, you know his self-control.” She giggled. “Would it not be exciting if Baer were to become our Chief?” Dawn shook her head. “Not likely.” Tay in the meantime was playing with Yael who was intent on pulling her long hair.
It seemed only a short time later that Makar appeared with the result of the next vote. “Baer got two votes,” he panted, “but that is because they had to give a vote to Solinex to keep him strong against the others. What a race! The Council is voting right and left, switching votes back and forth. It is hard to see how it is all going to end.”
Mid-afternoon Ushi himself came to report. “They are voting, but every which way. Some are changing votes constantly, trying to find someone to carry it and win. So there seems to be no order or purpose left in their voting. They all just want to go home. Corrigan is furious by all accounts and kicked a stable out of his hut. But our three votes are holding steady, this time we did not have to give up one to balance the others. The latest count is Turbold seven, Solinex six, Taeko four and Baer three. Far short of the eleven to win.” He, too, hurried back so as not to miss anything.
Next Gill and Ela came back tired of the whole thing. “All we do is stand around with nothing really to see. We speak of the same things over and over again, in the same tired circle. At rare times we hear that someone switched his vote, but that is all. I’ve had enough! The stables are keeping everyone back and you have to be somebody to get past them. I just wish they would make up their minds and be done with it.”
“How was the last vote?” Chaiko had to ask the disappointed man.
“Turbold six, Solinex six, Taeko four and Baer four.”
“Baer four?”
“Yes. Pelican Sands voted for him, tired of the others.” But Gill waved his hand, disillusioned, “The votes are all over. It appears that Turbold’s six the last time voted for Solinex this time, but still Turbold picked up six votes swinging his way. At this rate, we will never have a decision.”
Ela recounted for Dawn exactly the same gossip that Yaya had brought back, with little variation. Perhaps she gave a little more credit to Baer. “Tanya would make the best mate for a Chief. Much better than that mate of Solinex. She is such a know it all and gives herself airs and all that. No one likes her at all.”
Chaiko decided it was time that he himself go and take a look. If the voting was so erratic, it could come to a sudden finish and he wanted to be there for the final voting.
Just as he arrived on the scene, a chant of “Baer, Baer” sounded and by tracking it to the source, he found a delegation of Standing-Rock yelling enthusiastically their support.
Chaiko grabbed Ushi, “Stop them! They could stampede the vote the other way!”
Ushi tried, but to no avail, “Too late!”
Chaiko then started yelling as loud as he could, “Turbold, Turbold!” Ushi joined in and soon the entire crowd picked up the chant, but each yelled their support for their favorite. The roar of them all rattled the very air. The stables stirred nervously but were undecided as to what to do. Still the restlessness of the crowd motivated the voters and when the next vote came down matters had changed dramatically. Turbold seven, Baer six, Solinex five and Taeko two.
At the news, fresh chants broke out. Chaiko yelled as loud as he could, “Turbold, Turbold, he is not too old, Turbold to the fore!” Laughter broke out and the crowd picked it up quickly. Then of course, “Baer! Baer! He is our bear, vote for him for he will care!” turned into another crowd pleaser. Taeko was ignored and no one could come up with anything for Solinex, but they felt the man deserved it, for having such an awkward name.
Again responding to the restlessness of the crowd, the next results came very quickly. Suddenly Baer had shot to the front with eight votes, Turbold held six, Solinex was still in the race with five and Taeko trailed with just one.
The crowd had barely time to absorb these changes of fortune when already the news was being flashed that they were voting again. “This could mean one of two things,” Ushi wisecracked, “the hounds can smell blood...”
“And the other thing?” Chaiko asked.
“That we have won,” and a smile split Ushi’s face.
“Not yet,” Chaiko muttered, shaking his head. Not yet!
Then the results were being announced, “12! 5! 3!”
“For whom!!?” the crowd roared back.
Then Taragon, the grand marshal, signaled for silence and proclaimed into the waiting impatience, “Announcing the new Chief of all the clans! BAER of Standing-Rock...!!!” A tremendous roar drowned out the rest of his words.
The crowd surged, suddenly not knowing what to do with itself. It had been such an exciting finish, worth every moment of the wait. The Standing-Rock started to chant, “Baer! Baer! He will care, I will vote for him anywhere!” The crowd gladly took the chant up, and broke into an exuberant dance. Not really knowing why, everyone was happy, shedding the tension in a burst of enthusiasm. Even those who supported the losing candidates were suddenly swept up in the exuberance. This was history in the making. The election of the first Chief of all the clans!
Flanked by Ile and Dawn, Tanya smiled broadly at all the well-wishers. Baer himself was nowhere to be seen, lost in a crowd congratulating him, pounding on his back and shoulders. He quickly lost all sensitivity in those body parts.
Chaiko was more concerned about extricating his family from the crush. He found his children in the care of Fire-Dancer, with Hollow-Tree using his elbows freely to provide for them some breathing room. The three of them and the children fought their way through the throng and retired to the safety of the camp. Fire-Dancer was crying, not knowing why, perhaps just from the release of all the tension and emotions.

These momentous events notwithstanding, Cora was very quiet and kept to herself. That afternoon she had disappeared but returned well before dark. Her sad demeanor remained and Lana looked sympathetically after her. Obviously the echo within an echo had not come back. But in these hectic moments the disappointment of one young girl were quickly overlooked.
It was late when the Standing-Rock delegation returned, in twos or threes, Baer last with Cosh and Tusk holding the crowds back. Baer sank gratefully down on his place, exhausted from being pressed and jostled from one end of the camp to the other. He gave Chaiko a tired smile and said, “Who would have thought?”
“It was certainly unexpected, brother,” Chaiko said thoughtfully. “You played it well though. The reluctant candidate, unlike the others trying to elbow their way to victory.”
“You know well that I didn’t want the honor. I ran only to balance the process and make our views known. Couldn’t let Corrigan steal the election.”
“And you succeeded. Congratulations,” Chaiko reached over a hand and patted his brother. “Now we can expect a reaction from Corrigan. But I worry less about him than those who have vested interest in supporting him.”
“Yes, so it goes. You fix one hole in the footwear only to find another,” Baer said tiredly, getting up stiffly. He ambled over to his fire.
Chaiko sat and observed the activity swirling around him. The fact that his brother was elected Chief, surprising as it was, had sunk in and he was elated. He knew it had changed their lives, but how and to what extent, he did not know yet. The fact was that the many of the clans were often ruled by old men, who were too cautious to embrace anything new. It was high time to reinvigorate the leadership and Baer’s election had done that.
The unexpected victory had animated Ushi even more than his usual gregarious self. He regaled everyone who cared to listen with an analysis of the election, Baer’s success and of course the role that he, Ushi, had played in it. People listened to him gladly, soaking up the exhilaration in his voice. Chaiko smiled at this; yes, the trader was certainly in his element. Then a peal of laughter drew his attention elsewhere, to Nebu, her expression glowing and alive, laughing for the first time since her mate’s death! She was talking with Yaya, their heads together enjoying the exchange.
Chaiko looked for Ruba and found him to one side looking at, who else? Cora. He appeared quietly intent. Cora, on the other hand, was subdued and definitely not a part of the ongoing celebration.
Throughout, a steady stream of visitors made their way to Baer and congratulated him. When Laars came Baer stood and the two leaders shook hands warmly. It was Laars’ steadiness throughout the voting that was the foundation of Baer’s victory and they both knew it. Laars was greatly gratified by the result, though neither had foreseen it. It was strategic manoeuvring on their part, and they were even more surprised than any of the others. The two leaders conferred in private, no doubt concocting a mutual agenda.
Tanya was overwhelmed: she was the mate of the new Chief, which elevated her to the rank of First Woman of the clans. The up and down of the day, from hope to discouragement to victory, had left her confused and breathless. People congratulated her and she accepted gracefully enough but inside she was numb. She wondered at herself; I should be feeling more than this, much more. She went about offering refreshments, dried fruits and drinks to the visitors. Lana was beside her, helping, her face beaming with joy and pride for her parents. Ido too was going from person to person, happily talking away. It had been some time since there was so much joy in the Standing-Rock Clan to go around.
The fires burned much later into the night than usual, as people wanted to prolong the day knowing that such moments of enjoyment came so rarely and pass by so quickly. It was thus late into the night when Baer came to sit with Chaiko. It was interesting that even last year Chaiko would have had to go to him, not the other way around. The balance of power in the relationship had shifted and neither knew what this Chief thing meant.
“I still can’t quite believe it,” admitted Baer outright.
“I thought it could happen, but only as an outside chance,” Chaiko observed almost to himself.
“What does it mean?”
“I do not know, but I know that Corrigan won’t like it.”
“Today, I do not care what he would or wouldn’t like. But maybe tomorrow.”
“Corrigan is my problem anyway,” Chaiko said in a dangerously flat voice.
Baer pricked up his ears. “What are you thinking?”
“I am remembering what Bogan prophesied about us, that we would both be leaders, and now here you are, the Chief of Leaders of all the clans.”
“I had nearly forgotten that,” Baer said, surprised at himself.
“But then, in his lifetime Bogan said a lot of things to a lot of people. I am sure not all of them came true.”
For a while both watched the sparks fly from the fire and wink out in the darkness. Finally Baer roused himself and said wearily, “It has been a long day. This morning I was concerned to win a few battles but not the entire thing. I go to sleep tonight taking the burden of all the clans with me. I lost a little more time from myself and my family.”
“Hhmmm,” Chaiko murmured sympathetically as he watched his brother retreat to his place. He looked around at the darkness of the landscape, the moon sailing in and out of the clouds, casting an uncertain light over the land. The water was smooth, reflecting the sky coldly. There was no wind to disturb the surface or sway the reed beds and the foliage on shore.
It had been indeed a long day, even for the shaman, but he was reluctant to settle down to sleep. He was reminded of the nights he stayed awake on watch, guarding his clan. He had been an undervalued cripple then; today he was a shaman, the youngest in clan memory, brother to the Chief of all the clans.
He wondered if this obligated him in some way to aim toward the position of the Head-Shaman. He knew only that he and the present Head-Shaman were on a certain collision course. “Know your friends, but never take your eyes off your enemies,” an Ekulan saying went, which seemed appropriate to this occasion. He closed his eyes as a shadow passed across the moon and when the moon re-emerged, the shaman of the Standing-Rock Clan was asleep.

Chapter 21
The sun rose behind a spread of clouds that obscured the eastern half of the sky. The colors were especially vibrant, gold melting into orange and underlined with a crimson background glow. In rare spots the light spilled through a hole in the cloud cover and shafts of sunlight penetrated the layers of vapors and gloom that swirled over the waters and the more distant cane fields. Birds greeted the sun with an enthusiastic chorus, the sky everywhere alive with their flights.
The Standing-Rock Clan woke to the new reality that the Chief of all the clans was one of their own. This was a great honor for the clan, and if someone did not know before about one of the smallest of the clans, now he had to. Cosh called a cheerful greeting to Tusk, conscious of a new pride. Tanya woke, stretched and hurriedly got up, wondering what was expected of her. She was the mother of Standing-Rock, but surely, not of all the clans? She didn’t know who to ask.
By midmorning it was all over camp that Corrigan was white with fury over the election results. The new Chief owed him nothing, no obligation and in fact had been elected over the Head-Shaman’s most active opposition. And that upstart Chaiko was shaman and brother to him! A hapless servant made the mistake of trying to console his master with the ill-chosen words, “We should have...” At that point Corrigan kicked him through the reed wall of the hut, yelling apoplectically after him, “I should have done that years ago!!!”
Corrigan had cause then to remember that years before, he had visited Standing-Rock and had dealt with this Chaiko and was able to extract from him only minor concessions after the most arduous effort. He recalled remarking to himself that the young man would become a problem for a Head-Shaman, but he had expected that to be for a successor, not himself. Who would have thought that he could accumulate such a formidable reputation in so short a time? Who were these brothers and what should he do about them?
It was widely reported that, subsequently, he kicked over the entire hut and left it in shambles. Chaiko hummed and hawed at the news. “This does not bode well for us,” he confided to Ushi.
“No indeed. We can expect some underhanded reprisal from him, but what? It would be most useful to know.” Ushi looked searchingly at Chaiko and continued cautiously, “I do not suppose that you would consider sending spies into his camp?”
“No,” said Chaiko cheerfully but definitely. “You see, I try to be an honest man, an upright man as much as I can. All in the open.”
“I was afraid of that. How do you expect to win against him? For you can bet he will be devious as can be.”
“I am betting on it,” Chaiko said in an unfalteringly cheerful tone. Ushi gave him an uncomprehending look and Chaiko let him see a glimpse into his thoughts. “Now who in our clan do you suppose would make the best spy to report on our intent to the Head-Shaman?”
“A spy for Corrigan? You mean one of us??!” Ushi asked, horrified. Chaiko affirmed it and Ushi jumped in vehemently, “No one! No Standing-Rock man, woman or child would betray our plans and secrets! And especially not to Corrigan!”
“Ah, then you underestimate Corrigan,” Chaiko said mysteriously. “He is firmly convinced he can talk just about anyone into one of his schemes. Well why don’t we make it a little easier for him, and give him one of us and then feed Corrigan information that we would like him to believe?”
“But who?” Ushi asked wondering, then he broke into a pleased smile. “That is perfectly devious,” he said approvingly. “But I thought you wanted to play by some noble rules...”
“Oh but I do, and will. However I would not want to deprive him of his favorite devices.”
“Who do you have in mind then?” Ushi asked again.
“I thought of Rea. He already has the reputation of being disaffected.”
“Excellent choice!” Ushi applauded.
“Good! Go and convince him then. The details I leave in your capable hands.” Chaiko smiled at his henchman who jumped eagerly to do his errand. “Send me Makar.”
Makar presented himself shortly to the shaman. “You sent for me?”
“Yes, I did.” Chaiko gestured for him to sit. “How is your poem on Corrigan?”
“But we have won?!? Surely we do not need it now?” Makar asked, puzzled.
“We need it more than ever. In fact we have hardly begun to fight. But remember, he has to be recognizable.”
“Yes, yes” muttered the poet as he hurried away. It was too bad that people did not understand his art, how arduous it was, or appreciate his efforts to produce it.

Cora still seemed despondent. Concerned, Tara interrogated her. “All this moping about for an echo?” the big sister asked, disbelieving, callously sweeping away any girlish sensibilities. Tara left shaking her head and muttering. Cora hung her head, tears filling her eyes.
Why did not people understand? There was something beyond words, a host of feelings made up of pure intuition that defied all reasoning. Cora knew, as her whole soul knew, that the sound hiding in the echo was caring, understanding, tenderness itself... without shadows, without prejudices. It was all those things, held together by hope. There was no face, no other personality associated with the pureness of the tone, nothing to distract or overlay the essence of it. Cora herself had questioned if sound alone could convey all that? Perhaps not to any ordinary person, but to Cora who resonated to those qualities, it was as clear as the moon reflected on the night waters. Whenever her mind reasoned and found doubt, something in her soul returned to her conviction that the sound was indeed all she thought it was. If she had to trust in something, why not in that? Let a hunter trust in his spear, a baby in her mother’s love, Cora would trust that there was love awaiting her somewhere behind those echoes.
Later, Lana came, and, thinking to cheer Cora up, asked if she wanted to visit Singing-Rock again. Sadly, Cora shook her head, not trusting herself to speak.
In her despondent mood Cora felt intruded upon by the gaiety of the crowd that overflowed the camp. The happier people appeared around her, the sadder she felt. She could not control her mood. Even if it was only a trick of Singing-Rock, the feelings evoked were very real for her as she vibrated in response. She tried to remember every nuance, every expression. Was there not also a smell associated with it? she asked with a sudden beat of her heart. She tried hard to remember exactly, but her memory of smells was less discriminating than that of sounds and eluded her. Everyday trivialities were already nibbling at the memory as she tried to safeguard it. In her present mood the crowds displeased her, their revelries assailed her, and their insensitivity appalled her. She flew from camp, taking long strides, running past the lake, past boys fishing, past waving fields of cane, just running to escape the brash loudness of people who could not understand a yearning heart.
Eventually Cora grew tired, her heart beating furiously in her chest. She stopped beside a small clear pond and rested on the lush grass. She turned over on her back and watched the restless motion of clouds streaming to the east. The quiet, natural sounds felt so good to her ears. She did not always have to hide from them, protecting her oversensitive ears. That was another thing people did not understand about her, how sounds bothered her. Just as some beautiful sound could melt her instantly, other sounds made her furious in an explosion of temper. It had been worst among the Tolmecs, and half her childhood was spent hiding from ugly noises. It was much better among the clan, but sometimes Sosa with his impulsivity would startle her into a rage and she would be beating up on the surprised boy before she was even fully aware of it. “Sorry, sorry,” she would have to mumble to him, “but don’t be so loud!”
Birds wheeled in the sky, their calls coming from a great height and distance. Something warbled nearby from the bushes and she turned her head to see, but could not penetrate the dense foliage. A crane suddenly took to the air with wide spread wings beating loudly at the air. She turned, wondering what had startled the bird.
Slowly her breathing quieted and her heart stopped racing. The sweat had cooled on her skin, leaving it uncomfortably itchy. She rose and waded into the pond, splashing the refreshing liquid over herself. She thought of undressing but she felt exposed in the open, with too many places for prying eyes to hide in the surrounding bushes. She stood waist-deep in the water, the bottom silken smooth with sand. She dipped herself under, wrap and all. The water was pleasantly soothing and comforting, and she felt the current of her own motion tugging at her gently. She rose, the water running off her, then dripping from her hair. She dipped herself again. With the water embracing her, soothing her, for the first time in days she started to feel good. She burst out in a trill, surprising several water birds into flight and she laughed. Yes, they were sensitive to sound too. She aimed a cascade of notes at the line of trees on the far side and listened for a faint echo that came back. Reminded of Singing Rock, she felt instantly mournful. She sent a low moan racing across the water and listened for its return, even more doleful but faint. Again she sang and listened, singing a sad duet with herself. As always, the singing captured all her attention and she grew oblivious to her surroundings, the sound growing in her consciousness. She sang again and again. The tones raced out over the water like waves and rebounded from opposite shore lined with trees.
Then abruptly, she was shocked into silence, for suddenly there was a low note, barely audible, coming back at her! As she listened, at the threshold of hearing, the sound quickly faded. As she sang and again, the echo returned with a low note hiding on the bottom. How was this possible? Confusion flooded her: her heart raced and her breathing became very shallow. A feathery feeling grew in her stomach. Get a hold of yourself! But she sang and listened. Her fine ears filtered out each sound, locating it with a slight turn of her head. Her heart thumped and she had to force it to quiet so that she could hear better. She cocked her head again, sang, then dissected the echo. There was no question about it, the sound came from behind her, from behind a line of bushes. She turned, faced them and sent a focused sound into the dense green. An echo returned, the bottom a little off because it was not synchronized with her position. She advanced slowly toward it, sending out a new sound, honing in on the echo. She was a step or two from shore when the bottom remained silent. The next echo also returned empty, but Cora had a pretty good idea of its location.
She fixed her eyes on the likely spot and commanded, “You might as well show yourself, I know you are there.” Silence greeted her words. “Do you want me to come in there to find you and uncover you myself? Are you not ashamed of spying on me?”
The bush shook, but nobody was visible, “I was not...” answered an indistinct mumble.
“Show yourself!” Cora ordered, her voice cutting like her sister’s.
The shrub moved and a figure emerged from behind it.
“It is you!” she said, somehow not really surprised.
“Yes,” Ruba said, hanging his head.
“It was you all along!” she accused him. “At Singing-Rock, too?”
“Y-yes...” Ruba admitted, his face pale.
“Why are you spying on me?” she snapped, her voice dangerously calm.
“I was not spying on you... I was afraid because you were out alone,” he replied, excruciatingly uncomfortable under her intense gaze.
“If you were only protecting me, why did you not show yourself?”
“I was... afraid,” he said reluctantly.
“Afraid?” she was genuinely astonished. Then her eyes narrowed. “Were you afraid of Moro?”
“No!”
“But you were afraid of little me?” There was mocking edge in her voice. “Why??!”
“I do not know.” Her eyes bore into his and he dared not look away. Perhaps if he had tried to justify himself some way, any way, she would have dismissed him instantly. But he had said simply “I do not know,” and not knowing she understood only too well. Her face relaxed into kinder lines. The two regarded each other, testing the tension between them.
“You have a beautiful voice,” she said finally, her looks relenting, her voice softening.
“I do not!” he recoiled, shocked in his turn.
“You do, even if you do not know it,” she said kindly enough, at the same time pityingly. “It wants to sing and... you will have to let it.” Ruba looked at her, his mouth agape. He had not expected this. Almost anything else but not this! She continued, “You know you can tell a lot from a singing voice. We can teach our speaking voices to lie and to deceive, but most people do not think to hide deceit in their singing voice.”
“And what did my singing voice... tell you?” he asked breathlessly.
“Humm,” she temporized mysteriously, swaying her body from side to side, in the very grown up gesture of a woman who knew she was in total control of the situation. “Your voice told me a lot... but most importantly it said that... you are really a good person.” She smiled at his amazed reaction. “Not always nice... but always good.”
She stepped out of the water and walked slowly up to him, her face suddenly smiling brightly, like a flower opening up to the touch of the sun, exposing all its vulnerability. At the sight of her, so close to him, happiness flooded Ruba. She laid a gentle arm on him. “Let us go home,” she said gently.
People were astonished to see them arrive back together, looking so comfortable with each other. Cora’s dislike of Ruba was common knowledge, so this sudden togetherness was a giant surprise. Lana was dying of curiosity to find out how this rapprochement had taken place. Cora smiled and gave only a cryptic statement, “He is my echo and I will be his shadow.”
Ruba was in a dream, desperate not to awaken. Please let it be real. He had to do something to hold onto it. From under his bedding he drew forth a bone plate and handed it to her. It was a depiction of a thrush in full flight upward, the wings spread, every feather incised in great detail. Cora couldn’t believe how real the bird looked.
“You did this?” she asked in astonishment. When she tilted the bone, the bird seemed to move too.
“Yes… for you,” he said, hardly daring to breathe.
“It’s beautiful… and so real.”
He gave her another plate, showing a deer grazing in a meadow, again very real and detailed. Then one more, of a fish swimming against the current. “All for you…”
Cora was overwhelmed. She didn’t know how long it had taken to do each one, but knew it had to be long. And it was all for her. She looked into his anxious eyes and smiled sweetly at him. She knew without a doubt that he would give her the whole world… everything he could. “Thank you Ruba,” she said, then her voice deserted her, not knowing how to put into words what she felt. But her eyes told him, and the dream deepened for him.

Later in the afternoon, a fresh surprise startled the entire camp. With the speed of a grassfire driven by the wind the news swept the camp that quietly and without any fanfare, the women had elected their Council of Women. Keila, Lulu and Tanya. Could this be right or appropriate? Tanya was already the mate of the Chief. She did not need any additional prestige or position. Could she fulfill both her roles? Tanya was much taken aback and was inclined to refuse the honor, but a delegation of women convinced her it was her duty to accept and that she should think how much she could accomplish for the women of the clans. Lana was the most enthusiastic in support of this petition. With a great deal of reluctance, Tanya finally accepted.
The women celebrated quietly throughout the camp in a markedly dignified fashion, proud that they had thus installed their council quietly and efficiently without making a great commotion as the men had done. You see, they pointed out unnecessarily, there was the men’s way of doing things and then there was the women’s.
There was much wagging of heads again and plenty of “what is this world coming to?” Generally it was expected that Corrigan would have another fit at this news but he surprised everyone by sending the Council of Women a personal emissary to congratulate them for their well organized election, unlike the men’s, which he claimed was marred by many irregularities. The women felt flattered by this recognition.
At about the same time, criticism began to circulate that the women, by so closely following upon the men’s election, were trying to make a mockery of the men’s results. Suddenly the women’s actions were seen as some intended insult. See how much better we can manage our affairs? Indignation soon turned to resentment.
Chaiko observed to Ushi, “I suspect the Head-Shaman’s touch in this. He is playing both sides against the middle. How did you do with Rea?”
“Famously. It took a little while to make him understand what was wanted of him, but once he understood, he was eager to get started. He is going to make himself available... that is, approachable.”
“Don’t let him make it too easy. Corrigan has a fine nose for conspiracy. Make the man work for it, then he is more likely to swallow it...” Ushi was looking a little strangely at the shaman, so that Chaiko had to laugh. “I apologize, I know you are knowledgeable in this and that I can trust your finesse.” Ushi merely nodded, neither accepting nor rejecting the apology.
In the late afternoon finally, after the long disruption of the elections, the Gathering resumed its normal activities. A dance, singing and various displays were organized in the close and people gladly attended these diversions. The crowd was in a good mood, feeling that it had won something substantial at Corrigan’s expense, adding to their enjoyment of the situation.
To distract himself from the coming confrontation, Chaiko took a walk across the whole camp, crossing and recrossing the commons. He paused to watch a few activities, but he was so consumed with thoughts of Corrigan that he hardly noticed what was going on around him. From time to time, however, he was aware that people watched him as he passed. In this Gathering he was becoming more and more an object of interest and he didn’t like it. He had come to learn, not to be a spectacle. He tried to ignore the looks, but they found him everywhere.
Chaiko stood and watched the ongoing spectacle of dancers competing for a prize, when he again felt eyes on him. Irritated he turned and looked about but could not find anyone. The feeling, however, persisted and he searched the crowd again. He found an elderly woman who was studiously ignoring him, but then peeked and quickly looked away again. Her hair was thick silver, her back slightly stooped. Because her manner felt somehow different, Chaiko walked up to her and asked gently, “Do I know you?”
She covered her mouth with a bony hand and muttered a little cowed, “No-o-o.” But her eyes seemed to deny this. “I knew your mother,” she finally admitted.
“Oh, are you a Makeye then?” he asked courteously, instantly alert.
“I was,” she said, her head bobbing up and down, still a little restrained. She made up her mind then and it gushed out of her. “My name is Naome and your mother and I grew up together. For a time we were very close then she was sent to Standing-Rock, mated to your father. A year later I went to Pelican-Sands. After that we met only at the Gatherings but we were never so close again.” Her eyes twinkled in the manner of old people recalling better times. There was such visibly sweet sadness in her demeanor that Chaiko wanted to give something back to her for being his mother’s friend.
“What was my mother like growing up?” he asked. “It is hard for me to imagine that.”
Naome smiled, closed-lipped to hide missing teeth. “She was beautiful in a quiet way. She had a glow about her that caught many eyes. You would be surprised just who. But then suddenly she went so far away and for me it was a great loss.” Again Chaiko had the feeling that the woman could have said more but did not. “I was very sad when I could not find her at the last Gathering and heard she had passed away.” Tears sprang into her eyes and a few drops coursed down her cheeks along wrinkle lines. Chaiko watched her sympathetically, thinking that his mother would look much like her today. He felt saddened, moved by Naome’s still grieving for her childhood friend. She wiped her eyes then forced a smile onto her face.
“I watched you and Baer at Gatherings, from afar. I watched you grow up, looking for your mother in you. I was very sorry to hear about the mishap with your leg. But then, you and Baer have grown into such important men.” She looked at him still somewhat shyly but with a peculiar possessiveness, as if somehow she had a claim on him. “Your mother would be very proud of you.”
“I could have grown up a Makeye.” Chaiko was intrigued by that thought. “Why did she choose to go so far from her home, I wonder?”
“She never told me,” Naome admitted, still sad over that fact. “She just left and Baer was born soon after. He was her whole life, then you, of course.”
“Well thank you Naome of Pelican Sands for telling me about my mother,” Chaiko voiced his gratitude, reluctant to end the conversation, conscious that four years from now he might not find her again.
Later that day Chaiko talked with Baer. “Did our parents ever tell you how they met?”
“Yes at the Gathering before I was born. Father was collecting firewood and mother was picking mushrooms. They happened to come to the same tree that had many cast-off branches and lots of mushrooms around it. They talked to each other. Father said that was the first time he had really talked with an eligible woman. She did not say much to him at that time, only that her life was much too hectic and envied the quiet existence he described. Well soon after she was sharing his life. That is how he told it.”
“And what did she say?” Chaiko queried.
“She? I don’t think she ever described it or her childhood in any sort of detail. Just the bare essentials. By the time I was old enough her family was already gone and I never got to meet them.”
“I never heard her talk of anything. I just assumed we had no family at all. Not on her side or father’s. I only heard of Tarue much later. She seemed very reticent, almost as if she was hiding something.”
“You know I noticed that too. As if she had a secret that she would not share with anybody,” Baer mused, trying to recall faded memory traces.
“I saw her oft times just sitting by herself with a faraway look on her face and I wondered where she went. When I asked, she just gently shook her head and claimed to be thinking of something at hand.”
“Yes. Same here,” Baer confirmed. “She was evasive that way. At the time I thought she was daydreaming. I guess we will never find out now,” Baer added sadly. 	

At the nearby fire Cora was showing Lana the bone plates Ruba had given her. “Aren’t these beautiful? I never suspected he could do such things.”
“Well his father was an artist, so it shouldn’t come as a total surprise,” Lana said, examining each plate. “But these are wonderful. Malek was a master of capturing things with a few strokes, but Ruba is painstakingly detailed. Look how the deer is almost ready to jump from this bone. It’s so real.”
“I can’t understand how I did not recognize his quality. He has a wonderful voice and sings beautifully. He can make art like this and I know… he loves me.”
“He has for a long time,” Lana said.
“I have been so angry at him, wanting him to stop following me around. He said he was protecting me… but I thought it different…”
“He couldn’t help himself. As soon as you arrived, he had no other thought but you.” She looked closely at Cora. “How do you feel about him?”
“Confused… I have been trying to hide from him such a long time that those feelings are still there… but I trust his singing voice, so full of wanting me… so full of… everything.” She pointed to the bone plates in her lap. “And now this... each of these drawings is proof that he feels keenly, sees true the nature of things… and with the same eyes he sees me… and chooses me.” Cora was listening to some inner voice, trying to find the right words. “Does that make any sense to you?”
“Very much so. Crow was like that. He knew before I ever knew.”
For a while they sat in silence, thinking of what life had brought them. Finally Cora stirred, took a bone plate and handed it to Lana. “Please take this as a token of my friendship. Just like your mom, Ile and Dawn, we’re friends for life.”
Lana looked at the beautiful depiction of a dragonfly highlighted in a mix of colors and tried to give it back. “It’s much too valuable—”
“Your friendship is more valuable to me than any piece of art no matter how precious, Lana of the Standing-Rock Clan. My sister and I came to be a part of your people and now we too are clan. She has Chandar, you have Crow and now I have Ruba.” Cora was surprised how good it felt to admit it and commit to it. Lana smiled, sharing in Cora’s happiness.
“You’re both young yet,” Lana said softly. “Are you sure you are ready?”
“Oh, we will wait yet and grow up a little more. But now, we have a promise of a future waiting, don’t you think?”
“Yes, assuredly,” Lana replied.

The following day on returning to their camp, Standing-Rock found it ransacked. Bedding was turned over and scattered, packs opened and the contents strewn about, and the flar was askew. Inside everything was messed up, and the precious food supply of smoked deer thrown onto the ground. “What happened here?” Baer demanded angrily. But no one had seen anything. Cosh found a few prints that were soon lost in the constant flow of people.
Baer wanted to complain but Chaiko prevailed upon Baer not to react yet: “It is doubtless Corrigan’s harassment strategy. I presume he wants us to complain. So—let us not.” It went against Baer’s nature not to do so, but he listened to Chaiko’s advice.
Chaiko waved Cosh over and asked, “Do you know who did this?”
The chief scout nodded, “I think so.”
“Well then, take Tusk and tell the offender not to do it again,” Chaiko said. Looking at Baer, who nodded his approval, Cosh left with a smile on his face.
“I thought you did not want to complain,” Baer stated to his brother.
Chaiko looked up innocently and said, “I don’t. That is only to let the culprits know not to do it again. I hope Tusk won’t break any arms though.”
“Hhmm.” Baer made the sound in the back of his throat somewhat skeptically, then turned on his heels and left.
“I never said I was Bogan,” Chaiko muttered after him. Then suddenly the implication of comparing himself with the great shaman struck him as presumptuous and ludicrous. Presumptuous, for how could he even dare to think in those terms; ludicrous as he was comparing a lifetime of service with one that was merely beginning. After all, Chaiko might very well turn out to be another Corrigan, serving himself rather than others. He knew already that he could not be as selfless as Bogan, nor did he intend to be, ever. He would protect his family and take full joy in them. Unlike Bogan!
But before he cast away the thought entirely, he allowed himself a little satisfaction that he did not feel overawed by the comparison. He was beginning to sense a closing of the gap between himself and the man Bogan must have been. He thought of the teaching of the little tree and the big tree, and all at once did not feel so overshadowed.

Chapter 22
The Council meeting of the Shamans was tense from the beginning. Chaiko sat at his usual spot with Tomakon, clearly segregated, as the other shamans avoided their customary places not to be near him. Lefay crossed over with an obvious show of support, Otter-Cry as well. Given Laars’ backing of Baer it was useless for Otter-Cry to pretend any neutrality. The Pelican-Sands shaman arrived, saw how things were shaping up, and also joined the tight protective cluster about Chaiko, another spillover from the election of a Chief. The surprise came when Teneki, the shaman of Sharp-Owl, after one look to size up the situation, also cast his lot with the new opposition. Chaiko weighed their prospects, six to stand against fourteen, certainly better than he had expected. But then there was a lot of resistance hiding under the facade of things that could swing his way if he could show some success.
Corrigan arrived, with a greater flourish than usual. There was an energetic bounce in his step as if he were very much looking forward to this sitting. It had been some time since he had something of the like to chew on. He smiled wolfishly and drooled in his eagerness to start, his appetite fully awakened. Those who had known him for a long time shivered, but Chaiko smiled back, baring his teeth. Well then let wolf eat wolf, he thought, and found himself clutching Bogan’s tellmark.
Corrigan dispensed with all other items before them, and recognized Shaman Bolgar who had some grave concerns to present to the Council. He stood, a tall dried out looking man, given to posturing. “It has come to my ears that one of us has the reputation of practicing black arts. A shaman is supposed to protect against magic and black arts, not pursue them. I name Chaiko of Standing-Rock and accuse him of these strange and peculiar activities.” Other hands shot into the air to be recognized.
Chaiko exchanged looks. Corrigan has learned; this time someone else will accuse so he can retain and exercise judgment. Chaiko lifted a hand but was ignored in favor of Remi the Omaani. “I have likewise heard such rumors and heartily condemn them. Shamans are spiritual protectors of the people not exploiters of them through the black arts. We have all heard how a man’s will is robbed and a woman made servile by the practice of magic. We should condemn such, unequivocally!”
After two more accusations of like nature Chaiko was given an opportunity to respond. “I have not, nor have I ever practiced black arts of any sort.” He then looked at each of his accusers and continued, “I must certainly commend, however, the great courage you have shown. Because if I were truly a magician, I certainly would not like these accusations leveled against me, and I would perhaps be inclined to retaliate, say by drying up your testicles into small shrunken seeds or perhaps by swelling them up into great hanging gourds... Who knows, those things would not be beyond the abilities of a magician of such repute as you have claimed. It is therefore a good thing that I am not such a practitioner.” A dread shiver went through his listeners. His disclaimers notwithstanding, his accusers surreptitiously felt their nether parts in question and at least one was convinced they were shrinking while another that they were swelling. Both left in a hurry to investigate in private. Chaiko went on evenly, “Perhaps if these honorable men could be more specific, I could answer in kind.” But no one seemed overly concerned with specifics at this point. Thus, to his great vexation, Corrigan was left with little to judge. The meeting quickly dissolved after that aborted attempt, but Corrigan called a second meeting for that afternoon.
Chaiko, Tomakon and Lefay stood around discussing the situation. Both older shamans warned that Corrigan was hatching other plots and cautioned Chaiko to be careful. “Nothing is more dangerous than a wounded animal,” they both emphasized. Chaiko replied, “If we give him nothing to bite, frustrated, he will need to bite himself...” but then realized how flippant his answer sounded and quickly apologized. He needed these men, more than ever.
Throughout the day more harassment of the Standing-Rock Clan became evident. The portion of meat delivered was of a tough and inferior quality. No combustibles for the fire were provided. The conveniences which had been daily covered with a layer of grasses to keep the smell and insects under control, were left unattended. These arguably minor services, were normally the host’s responsibility as they had control of the land and its resources. A new garbage dump was created in their vicinity, attracting more insects and spreading a sour smell that was already strong. Baer wanted to complain again, but Chaiko advised, “Not yet.”
Baer reported that in the Council of Leaders were quite a few sour faces, led by Taeko. There were many whispers that Baer had stolen the election with the help of his magician brother who had cast spells and magic to ensnare the votes. But the coalition that had elected Baer held and nothing came into the open. Still it had soured the sitting. “It will take time to establish my position as Chief,” Baer said matter-of-factly; “Not that I ever wanted it.”
“Better you than a Corrigan’s puppet,” Cosh summed up the prevailing sentiment.
The afternoon meeting of the shamans was again very tense. Chaiko was the only one who seemed relaxed, but it was a conscious effort of will. Lefay fidgeted beside him and even Tomakon seemed unsettled, plucking at the edge of his wrap. Corrigan arrived; on his face was an evil grin of anticipation. The hushed conversations ceased, as they all looked expectantly at the big man. They did not have to wait long as Bogus stood up and, pointedly looking in Chaiko’s direction, launched into an indictment of sorts. “It has come to the attention of this Council that there are some strangers in our camp, of whose presence we were not informed, as would be fitting even by normal courtesies. But oh no! No one requested permission of us that they may attend. No one even mentioned them.” Bogus paused dramatically for effect and allowed the murmur to subside. He had been named after Bogan, like many others, but to his misfortune, his agemates had turned his name into a joke.
“How can we keep control and security if we do not know such vital facts as the presence of outsiders in our lands? How can we guard our very heartland if foreigners are allowed to come and go? Unnamed and undisclosed! Hidden in secrecy. Covered by a conspiracy of silence!” Bogus postured, his whole body vibrating with indignation. He then turned on Chaiko again. “Would it surprise you that it was Chaiko who brought these people into our midst? So that we unwittingly host such uninvited guests?”
“How many?” Corrigan asked, making sure no one missed the point.
“His mate is one. And the sister of his mate is another and her mate. Then there are two girls, sisters from the dreaded horde of Tolmecs who so recently menaced our lands and devastated our neighbors.” His voice changed in pitch and loudness. “Such people he embraces and brings into our lands. They are our enemies, sent here to spy out our strength and resolve. In the guise of helpless women they are sent to look harmless and innocent. With babes in their arms they come, yet their intent is to spy, to learn our weaknesses which their people hope later to exploit. To learn of our strength so that they can better nullify them.” Bogus pointed at Chaiko and screeched his next words. “And such he brings among us!”
“Shaman Chaiko is this true?” Corrigan asked in a dangerous voice.
“It is true that my mate is of the Ekulan people to the northwest of our land. And her sister, mate and child are visiting us for a time to learn of our ways so that they can take that knowledge back to their people. And the Standing-Rock Clan gladly learns of their ways for we share the mountain range to the west. I have been to their land and found them to be honorable people with customs like ours and a way of life following the elk and c’riboo.” His hands spoke of mountains and rivers and herds of elk heading north. “And it is true we have adopted two Tolmec women into our clan and taught them our ways. They are no longer Tolmec but clan.”
Corrigan again asked in threatening tones, “Are these the same Tolmecs who paint their faces and bodies and send war parties to terrorize their neighbors?”
“The same. But we have made peace with them!” Chaiko threw back.
“And they promised to keep the peace no doubt. And they will keep it until some dark night when they will attack and slaughter you in your sleep. But luckily, the rest of us are not so gullible as to believe our enemies!”
“There is peace between our peoples and they are bound by a solemn oath of peace,” Chaiko reaffirmed.
“And what surety do you have of that? Promises are words and will not stop stabbing spears or turn aside war clubs. Again I ask you what bond you have to assure the peace you claim?”
“I am their Spirit Guide and they owe me obedience.”
“I thought you were our shaman!” Corrigan said in mock surprise. “Do you serve Standing-Rock or do you serve them... our enemies?” he insinuated.
“I serve both, but in different capacities,” Chaiko replied calmly; “My home is Standing-Rock and I am a shaman of that clan. I am also a member of this Council and my generation goes as far back as any here. No, I did not forget who I am! And I teach the Tolmecs the ways of peace.” He looked around boldly, his posture very straight and erect. “I am not a spy and my mate is not a spy. She is the mother of my children. The two Tolmecs, Tara and Cora are adopted into my clan. They are not spies.” He looked around and challenged them, “But send for them and ask them yourselves.”
“Sure! The best spies are spies who do not look it, but look like something else, harmless until they turn on you, choke you in your sleep or perhaps poison you with bad food. Until then they look like adoring mates, loving mothers and kindly sisters and even, loyal brothers.”
“I bow to the Head-Shaman’s experience as it regards spies. Doubtless he is more familiar with their activities than I. But in matters of the heart I am a better judge than he, for he has hardened his heart in... shall we say, in the service of his people?”
“Do you dare...??!” Corrigan burst out in indignation, but had to swallow the rest for he did not want to be on the defensive. He had expected a little more vocal support from the other shamans, but it appeared not to be as forthcoming as it had been in the past on such occasions. Must he do everything by himself? What does this Chaiko have, a second sight, to block every move against him? He most definitely did not want to summon the women in front of this Council. He had seen the girls and his accusations could not compete with their comely modesty and charms, especially not with these old men. “Good then! We shall all remember that you have vouched for them. Let henceforth any of their misconduct be on your head and on your hand, for we shall not forget that it was you who brought them into our lands.” With those words he stomped out of their presence.
“Well done!” Tomakon said to Chaiko in an undertone, not wanting to appear to be gloating.
“But it is not over yet,” Lefay warned also in a low voice.
“No, it is not,” agreed Chaiko, complacently.
A wizened shaman walked over to them, touched Chaiko approvingly and said with a toothless mumble, “Argued just like your father.” Chaiko looked up at him in surprise, as the man nodded and went shuffling on his way.
“Who was that?” Chaiko asked Tomakon.
“Sansoy, one of the old school.”
“Old school?” Chaiko asked again puzzled.
“Yes. He was a peer of Bogan though often they found themselves arguing on opposing sides. Not a bad man but very traditional minded.”
“Traditions are good,” Chaiko repeated automatically, then blushed as he caught himself saying such a trite thing. They all laughed. “I need more of your lessons,” Chaiko petitioned them.
“And you shall have them,” Tomakon replied, still chuckling.
“Oh I do not know,” Lefay quipped. “I am learning huge amounts just watching you.” They laughed again, but there was a certain strain in the sound.
Chaiko returned to his camp and finding Dawn out, he sat down and stared with a morose, vacant expression into space. At times he broke into a violent gesture, obviously arguing with himself. Baer returned too, but seeing his brother so occupied, even forbidding, wisely left him alone. After a while, Dawn returned with the children and Fire-Dancer. Chaiko surfaced long enough from his absorption to notice and quickly muster them. His eyes narrowed when he recognized trouble from Dawn’s posture and expression. “What is it?” he asked somewhat curtly of her.
“We were followed all day.” Dawn hugged Moon to herself protectively.
Instantly alert, Chaiko commanded, “Tell me about it!” She did. They had gone for a walk to see what they could find to interest them. It was while watching the clay-workers make their wares that they first noticed two sinister men keeping pace with them, step for step. Wherever they went, the two would follow at a distance, sometimes joined by a third. They were brazen about this stalking, doing nothing to disguise their intention. Dawn wanted to return home right away, but Hollow-Tree insisted they go on, and if the two were to come any closer he would take care of them. Thus they went from place to place with their uninvited retinue following. Dawn could not remember seeing a single thing of interest after that, she was so worried about her children. She kept Yael very close to her all the time. Finally they came home, and their shadows followed them within sight of camp.
Chaiko’s face grew white, his lips drawn into a grim line, his brows dark and brooding. “From now on, until I tell you, you do not leave camp. I will make sure that someone will be here to guard you at all times, and your sister and the children, all the children, will stay here with you. Understand?”
“Yes,” said Dawn, touching her mouth then her heart, meaning, “The order from your mouth I will lock into my heart,” the ultimate gesture of commitment. Then he released her, and resumed his ruminations. He argued with himself. How was he going to get at Corrigan? The man was unassailable; he had the power and prestige and the sworn obedience of all who served him. People feared him or respected him. The shamans were intimidated by him. Though they might cheer Chaiko in the quiet of their hearts, no one was going to help him any, except for the few who had already declared themselves.
Who was Chaiko anyway? They would think him a spiteful young upstart, ambitions and jealous, who would elbow his way to the top. No, he could not touch Corrigan, could not hit him, for the stables would be on him instantly and would give Corrigan a chance at sweet revenge. In fact Chaiko could not be an aggressor at all. But then how? How could he fight the man who was slippery as an eel...? Could he reverse the situation somehow? Let Corrigan be the aggressor and Chaiko absorb all of his attacks and deflect them? Could he do that? He had to, for he had to win the people to his side and show up Corrigan for the bully he was, even if that fact was an open secret, obvious to everyone. Step by step, he thought through what he would do, measuring, calculating every nuance.
At long last, he struck his palm with his fist and closed his fingers over it. Whatever he decided was locked in with that gesture.
“Ushi!” Chaiko yelled not even bothering to look around for him. Ushi was not near, but Ork and Sosa ran to get him.
“Sit!” the shaman ordered when the trader’s shadow fell on him. “It is time we go to war!” Ushi had not seen the shaman in such white fury before. He nodded his head. “Corrigan has gone too far. He has made this personal, way beyond politics. I will not let him intimidate me or my family! I will not look over my shoulder for him! I will not feel the itch on my back, waiting for him to pounce!” At each staccato phrase, Ushi nodded. He remembered the time among Ekulan, how the Tolmec enemy, Hook-Nose, met his horrible end for daring to threaten Chaiko’s family. Chaiko who was not afraid for himself, but for his family. Ushi looked apprehensively at the shaman’s frozen face, the mouth curved down into a merciless sneer.
“Will we have to kill him then?” he asked, hardly daring to breathe as he awaited the answer.
“No!” spat out Chaiko, “we must do worse.” Worse? Ushi wondered, what could be worse?
Chaiko sat up straighter, and struggled to bring himself under better control. He closed his eyes and took some deep breaths. Slowly the tension went out of his face, replaced by a glow of zeal. His voice was reasonable but commanding. It left no room for questions.
“You will go to Rea and tell him what he must tell Corrigan. As I tell you, so will you tell him, and have him repeat it until he has it exactly.” Then he told him in all detail, starting with, ‘This will Chaiko do on the morrow...’” Ushi nodded and repeated the message word for word until Chaiko was satisfied. He dared only one question, “Are you sure?” but even to that Chaiko gave no answer but the command, “Do as I have asked! No more, no less! But send me Makar first.”
When Makar arrived the shaman was deep in thought and showed an obvious reluctance to come out of it. He looked at Makar with narrowed eyes and came straight to the point. “What have you got?”
Makar recited, finding his words both inane and insipid.
“We know he can rant and he can rave,
 Corrigan the mighty, Corrigan the brave,
 People run from him and people hide,
 Such is the anger of his swollen pride
 But does Corrigan know the Corrigan inside?”

Chaiko thought a while and said simply, “That will do. Now I need something softer and perhaps more humorous.”
Makar was deflated by the lack of praise or even comment, but offered, “I have this.”
“Have you ever thought or wondered
 Maybe paused or sometimes pondered
 Why has Corrigan ten toes?
 the way he struts and strikes a pose?
 he must have ten at least on each foot!”

“That will do too,” Chaiko responded, then added by way of explanation, “Corrigan is full of ambition but for himself only. He finds all opposition a personal affront and I am afraid I have gotten in his way. He means to destroy me. But have no fear, I will do something about that. Your poems are like weapons that I shall hurl at him. I need your barbs.” Then Chaiko gave a strained smile that did not sit well on his face. Makar forgot for the moment his artistic sensibilities, reading something heroic in front of him, but like Ushi, he did not dare to ask. “Send Chandar to me.”
When Chandar came he had already been forewarned by Makar about the shaman’s strange disposition. Without much preamble Chaiko started in, “Tomorrow I need to ask a lot of you and you must do as I ask, exactly.” Then he disclosed what he expected of Chandar. That young man, however, shook his head several times throughout. “No? You dare refuse me?” Chaiko asked, projecting all his will to bend the young man to do his bidding. “I will then ask Tara to do what I have asked of you. You know she will do it too! Is that what you want?”
Chandar shook his head no, and reluctantly agreed to do just as the shaman asked. “Look, I have carefully thought this through and you must play your part, just as I have asked of you. You must do this blind, but trust me, all the effects are calculated and measured to a hair’s breadth. Now come with me, and do as I ask of you.” Chaiko led the young man to his brother’s fire where Baer, Laars, Tusk and Cosh were already conferring.
Laars looked at Chaiko narrowly and said, “Corrigan means to have your balls.”
Chaiko nodded agreeably, his face a mask, but addressed his comment to Baer. “I want to have the women stay in camp with the children over the next few days. And we need a standing guard on duty.” Baer had already heard about the women being followed and readily agreed.
“What are we going to do about Corrigan?” Baer wanted to know.
“We — nothing! I will take care of Corrigan or at least sorely test him,” Chaiko said almost evenly, his voice devoid of any emotions.
“How? You know how powerful he is! He has the Council of Shamans in his hand and can stir up any amount of trouble in my Council so I can’t help you any. He has no scruples, that man, he will stab you in the back if he can get away with it. He is dangerous and unpredictable.”
“Yes, I know,” Chaiko said calmly, his eyes now brilliantly in focus. “But fear not brother, I shall fight my own fight, not his.”
“How?” Laars leaned forward, anxious. He had tied his future to these two and thus had much at stake. The revenge of Corrigan would be terrible.
“We must all learn our limitations. You see, as a cripple I learned that early.” Then the shaman turned to his young companion and said in a reassuring voice, “Remember that you have promised to obey me. Obey me now.” Chandar nodded and Chaiko turned to Tusk and said to him, “Chandar wants to challenge you to a wrestling match.”
“He what?” Tusk, the strongest member of the clan was thunderstruck at such a foolhardy request. Baer looked concerned and Laars just shook his head, pityingly.
Chandar looked stunned and whispered to Chaiko, “I have agreed to do as you ask and I shall not renege on that, but I fear I will not be successful here.”
Chaiko grabbed both arms and squeezed them painfully. “Have less fear and remember all you have learned. Speed instead of strength, agility instead of power.”
The two combatants stripped to bare their upper bodies. The contrast was dramatic. Chandar had a long-muscled, lean look about him while everything about Tusk bespoke of power. All who saw the mismatch shook their heads ruefully. Tara appeared, her stick singing in her hands, nervously. When she found out what it was all about and who had ordered it, she reluctantly stood back.
Chaiko gave the go ahead. The two faced each other warily and circled once to the left. Tusk, wanting to end this charade, rushed in to grab his opponent and crush him into insensibility. Doubtless he would have succeeded except his opponent was no longer where he had been. Instead Tusk felt his legs being swept from under him and he was falling to the ground. He hit the hard-packed earth, bounced, then rolled over to get up, but he was held in a cunning hold that paralyzed his arms and increased the pressure on him every time he tried to disengage. He gritted his teeth, bore the pain and in a superhuman effort of his great strength, he flung Chandar from him. Cautiously he moved in, but every time he just about had hold of the other, Chandar would disappear and it was Tusk who found himself in a very compromised position, unable to use his great strength to advantage. Time and time again he was made helpless by a boy who weighed only about half of his weight. Finally, Chandar had him in a combination of head lock and arm hold which Tusk could not seem to shake. He groaned with all the effort but the more he strained, the more difficult he made it on himself. Chaiko strode over to them, tapped them both and separated them. Their chests were heaving as they struggled for air.
Chaiko turned to Tusk and said in a quiet voice, “I am sorry, but all of us need to learn our limits.” Tusk merely nodded his head, his face still red from the effort. “Thank you, you have done well,” Chaiko said to Chandar, releasing him from his command for the time being. Chandar gave a half-bow and he and Tara left, whispering in Tolmec.
Chaiko turned to the others and said, “I will not fight Corrigan where he is strong; I will fight him where he is weak. Just as Chandar has done, avoiding Tusk’s power, going after where he was the weakest, in speed and agility. Thus I will use Corrigan’s own strength against him.” More he would not say though all tried to get it out of him.
Dawn was deeply worried. Her mate was going up against the most powerful man of the clans and for what? she asked. It made no sense. “Must you do this?” she asked, her face pleading.
“I must,” he replied simply, his face peaceful. She recognized that he had thought it through, had made all his plans, and was confident and comfortable with them.
“But why?” broke through her great resistance from within.
“Because,” his voice became hard instantly, “because he has so corrupted his office to serve only himself. He is making a mockery of us all. Because he has forgotten all his principles and teachings and considers them weaknesses. Because he is laughing at us all and thinks that nagging is enough. Because.... because, because... How many reasons do you need?” and his voice trembled with the fury of his feelings.
“Just one that makes sense to a mother like me and to a mate of the shaman of my clan,” she returned in an equally intense voice.
“Then because by his example he is teaching our children that he is the best thing our people can hope for. I can’t abide that lie. He is the worst, not the best!”
She cradled his face in her hand, kissed his forehead and said, “Yes, teacher.”
He looked a little suspiciously at her. For all her deferring to him, she could be very stubborn on matters of principle herself.
She replied, “When you do battle tomorrow in whatever form it takes, I will be with you in thought and in spirit. Be strong.”
“Thank you,” he said, finding nothing more appropriate to add. Only later, when darkness covered the sky and they were both under the covers, he remembered something he could have added: “I love you.” She stirred in his arms. “What?” she mumbled, but she was already half asleep.

Chapter 23
During the night, Chaiko was awakened several times by restless thoughts of the coming confrontation. He forced himself back to sleep and in the morning felt sufficiently rested to meet the challenges of the coming day. There was a sense of elation within and his heart beat just a little more resolutely in his chest.
Standing-Rock was up, having heard some rumors circulating last night about a coming face off between Corrigan and Chaiko. Now the fires buzzed with suppressed discussions of Chaiko’s chances. Many measuring looks were thrown toward the shaman and if the issue had not been so near and intimate to them, there would have been an intense betting activity.
Chaiko sat by himself, as Dawn had moved to Tanya’s to give Chaiko time to prepare himself without distraction.
The shaman waved Ushi to him and asked, “Did Rea deliver his message?”
“Yes. Just as you ordered, word for word. The big man interrogated him himself.”
“And?”
“And... everything went smoothly. Rea said he gave a simpering performance of being overawed in the great man’s presence, and stammered through his report. He thought it was accepted as served...”
“But you don’t?” Chaiko queried.
“I can’t help thinking that Corrigan can see through it,” Ushi admitted somewhat reluctantly, not wanting to detract from Chaiko’s confidence.
“He does have a fine nose for things. But I think in this instance his overconfidence will overpower his caution. He thinks himself capable of everything, equal to any challenge. That we will use against him and feed him exactly what he expects and hopes to hear. Let his desires lead his plans. Any other thoughts and reservations?”
“Why did we have to tell him everything? Why did you tip your hand through Rea?”
“A fisherman uses a lure that the fish can’t resist. Besides I want Corrigan to be ready for his part. By now, I expect he has thought through what he would like to do; all I will need to do is push him further in that direction.” Chaiko’s eyes flickered as shadows passed through them and he chortled mirthlessly. Ushi had never seen him so cold-bloodedly calculating before. “Have you instructed Ruba?”
“Oh yes. Last night. And he went and did as you asked and taught the children a couple of new songs. I expect they will be singing them shortly, spreading it through camp.” This time, he too, chuckled. The whole thing might not work but still there would be many amused looks and guffaws at Corrigan’s expense.
“Do you have an amorous adventure awaiting you or are you free to attend the Council with me?”
“But the Council is a closed meeting,” Ushi protested.
“Not today. At least I would be very surprised if it were.”
Chandar presented himself. Chaiko looked at him and smiled perhaps a little too brightly. “Well here is my co-conspirator. And how did you sleep last night?”
“Poorly,” the answer came back tersely.
“Have no fear, we shall laugh over this... tomorrow,” Chaiko promised them, but looking at their drawn faces, he knew neither felt much like laughing about this... now or ever.
A stir went through the small camp; it was time to go and Dawn hurried over to hold onto him. He returned the pressure of her embrace but his senses were already someplace else. His face was calm, but as unyielding as polished stone. He did not smile at her or anybody else that came to see him off. The small procession passed through camp, all eyes on them. An ominous quiet preceded and followed them. At one point a bunch of kids came running, chanting “...he must have ten at least on each foot...”
The children’s faces were alight with mischief. They knew they were doing something naughty, even forbidden but that made it all the more exciting. The children disappeared among the huts. They twice came upon similar groups, yelling cheerfully at the top of their lungs. “...But does Corrigan know the Corrigan inside?”
They arrived at the Council place and the stables let them pass without challenging Ushi and Chandar, just as Chaiko had predicted. Chaiko sat down at his place, the other two just behind him. Tomakon reached over and patted him for greeting. “I suppose you know what this is all about?” Chaiko nodded at Tomakon and Lefay and looked around. Everyone else seemed to be studiously avoiding his eyes. Well within earshot a large crowd collected just as he had prophesied. Corrigan obviously wanted everyone to witness Chaiko’s humiliation. Then the great man arrived, and the meeting was suddenly charged; now something was bound to happen soon.
The resonant voice of Corrigan then filled the expectant waiting, going straight to the point of the matter. “Tordar you be the judge of this for I have a complaint to raise against Chaiko of Standing-Rock. He mocks me openly and sullies my reputation. He teaches children to sing verses that make fun of me, ridicule my accomplishments, and belittle my stature. I charge that he does this knowingly and willingly to undermine my reputation. More than most, a shaman lives by his reputation, and he thus does me grievous injury.”
Tordar stirred uneasily. By now everyone had heard the children singing. “This is a serious accusation. A man has only the good name of his lineage and his reputation. To besmirch either one goes against good conduct and ethical bearing. But to use it to political ends is an outrage. How do you answer to these charges leveled against you, Chaiko of Standing-Rock?” An expectant hush fell over the place, all eyes fixed on the shaman of the Standing-Rock Clan. But he remained composed as if the matter were trivial.
“In the course of a day I do many things, some of which I forget. Would the Head-Shaman kindly refresh my memory as to what exactly he is charging? He makes so many accusations.”
Corrigan reacted to these casual words as if slapped in the face. He turned red and spittle formed in his mouth in his eagerness to get the words out. “He goes about spreading malicious and spiteful songs about me and teaches them to children to mock me...”
“Could the Head-Shaman be somewhat more specific? How am I to answer that I indeed perpetrated the indignities I am charged with, if I do not know the specifics. Could the Head-Shaman refresh my memory?”
Corrigan’s face was now white with fury. “He has children singing about me all over camp. Here is one, ‘We know he can rant and rave ... Corrigan the mighty, Corrigan the brave... something... something people hide... Such is the anger of his swollen pride, but does Corrigan know the Corrigan inside...’“ By the end, flecks of froth were expelled from his mouth by the vehemence of his indignation.
Chaiko nodded, affirming, “Yes I made that up. But surely that seems so harmless to me. I do not understand why the shaman gets so angry over such gentle humor...”
“Gentle humor?!” Corrigan exploded, “How about this?! ... Have, have you thought or wondered, and... pondered why Corrigan has ten toes... on either feet...“
A twitter swept through the listening crowd that was hanging onto every word of this spectacle. Makar was beaming from ear to ear, to have his work exposed in such a context. Even some of the shamans had to hide a smile behind their hands. Corrigan suddenly stilled, realizing that he had been maneuvered into mocking himself. His mouth opened in protest then closed as his face took on a sharp look.
“Yes that was… is mine too,” Chaiko admitted in an ingenuous tone, “though I thought I had written it better than the shaman recited it. But then I forget, I have written so many.”
“So many!?” even Tordar was taken aback by this incriminating admission. “Just how many?”
“I do not rightly know, and some are quite innocent as they go. Let’s see, here is one... “Look beyond that line of trees... there Corrigan goes daily... to see what he had to eat... thinking thus that he does not smell... his gift stays ever so sweet...’ Yes that was one of mine too.” The crowd laughed outright at this. Makar wondered where the words had come from because he had not written this.
Chaiko pretended to dig around in his memory. “Another? ‘Corrigan was at one time a good man... who lost his way someplace... between wanting and his needing... adulation and admiration... someplace between liver and spleen… he learned only to serve himself...’”
“That is enough!” Corrigan interrupted. “He is mocking the whole Council while trying to destroy my reputation. But if that were all, perhaps we could still be lenient, however he also has disrespected fundamental traditions of our lives and flaunts his disregard in our faces.”
“What traditions are those?” Tordar asked, his eyebrows drawn into stern lines.
“He gave women weapons allowed only to men, breaking the taboo that prohibits women to touch weapons of any sort, perverting their use. Where would we be if we discarded the wisdom of ages learned by our forefathers through hard experience? Are the rules to be cast aside? And if one rule, what of the others?” Corrigan filled his voice with great indignation. “What arrogance to decide on his own, to callously disregard cherished principles of Hunters’ Lore? Women and weapons?? Where is the sense in that? And who did he gave l’bow to? To the one who was mostly likely sent to spy on us!” Corrigan thundered. “And what next? I have to ask. He is turning our world upside down. Now we have a Chief and Lady Chiefs, when we have need of neither. All because of his insidious influence.” Corrigan strode around, pointing an accusing finger at Chaiko. “Look at him. Hardly even a man. And yet he wants to teach his betters new rules and principles, and rearrange our lives. Teach wisdom to the already wise? Ridiculous!” He paused to take a breath, still posturing. “Surely we do not need to hear more of this! Out of his mouth he admits his guilt. Condemn him!”
“Condemn him to what?” even Tordar was a little lost in this. “We have no rules to govern this. True, the Council has foreseen the need to protect people’s reputations but has never had to impose a consequence.”
“Banish him!” Corrigan hissed through his teeth.
“Surely not for this?” Tordar asked, then turned to Chaiko. “What possessed you to do these things?”
A deep silence waited for Chaiko’s answer. Indeed, what had possessed the shaman to so taunt the most powerful person of the clans and then so flaunt it in his face? Then admit to it? Intensely curious, they all awaited his answer.
“We shaman tend to think of ourselves seriously and carry around heavy thoughts,” Chaiko said in conversational tones, “Often too seriously. As if we were something very special, way above common folk. We can do no wrong we think, and with the years grow more arrogant.” There were murmurs of assent from the crowd, especially from Black-Pearl. “When I get that way sometimes, my head swells, and full of pride, I recite such a song to remind myself that I am a servant to my people.” Heads nodded approvingly, ‘well spoken’ the silence said, hanging onto his every word.
“I make up verses about everybody, even myself. Here is one about myself. ‘One foot is wooden... the other made of indecision... I walk on them both indifferently so... For one is wobbly... and the other is stiff... that is why I limp...’” Good-natured laughter greeted his words and he laughed with them. “I then shrink to normal size, human like the rest of us.” He looked around, quite at ease.
Chaiko turned back to Tordar and addressed him directly. “I am sorry if the Head-Shaman took offence at my harmless poetry. I use it to remind myself that we are all servants no matter how high we are exalted. Flattery makes one blind, humor makes us human again.” Again there was a general nodding of heads, yes, he speaks the truth.
“As for giving weapons to women, I think it’s high time that they are able to protect themselves if they must. We learned that in confronting the Tolmecs. Every reasonable man should want his mate, mother or sister — or any woman of the clans — to have the means to defend themselves. I make no apologies on that regard. Yes I gave a weapon to a woman and will continue to do so because it is the right thing to do.”
Tordar nodded, accepting his words. “The issue regarding women and weapons must wait for further deliberation and we will not rush it here.” He made a gesture, to put the issue aside. “Regarding offences to a reputation is our current concern, and according to the code of the clans I must find you guilty as charged for besmirching a person’s character, no matter how it was intended. I am, however, at a loss as to what penalty to impose. We have no thoughts on this.” He looked from accuser to the accused, then settled on Corrigan. “What would satisfy your sense of justice?”
Corrigan thought hard, his thoughts finally focused. He was aware of the trap here and sought to deflect it. If he were to ask for some heavy penalty as he wished, the crowd would then hold him accountable for it and blame him. “The accused claims he is a just man, let him then set his own punishment.” There was a note of triumph in the Head-Shaman’s voice for he had turned the trap on the trapper. Ushi drew a sharp breath; it was amazing how Chaiko had foreseen all this! The man was simply uncanny. But then he shuddered for he knew what was coming as planned.
Chaiko thought a while for effect, knowing full well what he needed now to do. “We the clan have no consequence for such a situation as this, but the Tolmecs have. I call Chandar here to tell us more about this. He has been to their land and is mated to one. He would know such things.”
Chandar advanced reluctantly to stand beside Chaiko. The shaman had explained carefully the night before what he needed. He had said, “Corrigan has tried to intimidate me and has threatened my whole family. I wish to hit him and punish him, but I can’t. So I will do the next best thing and hit myself. In the present circumstance that will serve me better than hitting out at him. What I need is a moral victory. So you will do as I ask, knowing that you are helping me.” Chaiko smiled at the young man and asked in a ringing voice, “The Tolmecs have rules that covers this, do they not?”
“Yes. Such infractions are punished most severely!”
“In that case do it! For so Corrigan insists!” Chaiko commanded. Chandar, who had been hardening himself all night for this, swung his staff with a two-handed grip and slashed at Chaiko, hitting him with a resounding force that sent the shaman to the ground. A horrified murmur ran through the crowd and cries of protest. Chaiko staggered to his feet. Chandar bit his lips. Chaiko had instructed him to hit cleanly and with force. “You must hit hard and make it look good. Don’t waste my pain. Imagine you are hitting Corrigan, for in a very real sense you will be.”
Chaiko straightened, his lips compressed, fighting the pain. “As Corrigan demands it, again!” he commanded. And instantly the staff whistled through the air and hit Chaiko squarely across the back throwing him onto the ground. A heart-rending cry came from the crowd, and Baer and Crow held a struggling Dawn back. The crowd murmured angrily. Corrigan blinked confused. What was happening here? Chaiko was being punished but why was it that Corrigan was feeling the weight of the blows? People were not used to public violence like this and the shock of it drove all other meanings from the situation. They understood only that Chaiko was being punished at Corrigan’s insistence; each blow became an indictment against the Head-Shaman, denouncing him. “You are cruel to demand such punishment for a few words rhymed in jest!”
“Again! So Corrigan may be satisfied,” mercilessly hissed the command from Chaiko’s mouth. The staff landed again with a powerful whup across his back. Chandar had not held back but concentrated on landing his blows as flat as he could, to spread the impact over as large an area as possible. Chaiko dropped to the ground again, and with his wooded leg refusing to bend, he rolled over. This time more cries of pain shot through the crowd. And even Corrigan winced as the blow landed. The crowd started to stir restlessly, muttering a morose angry sound, their sympathies swayed by Chaiko’s suffering. Chaiko staggered to his feet again, and set himself. “No! No!” the crowd yelled, “Stop!” Chaiko looked at Chandar through pain filled eyes, trying to remind him, no matter how I will feel, Corrigan will hurt more than I. “Again!” and the staff was on its way to land a devastating blow that picked Chaiko off his feet and pitched him forward to collapse like a discarded piece of fur. Corrigan turned his head away, feeling again as if he had been hit. This time Chaiko groaned as he tried to move. The crowd surged forward with angry, pain-filed yells. “No! Halt! Corrigan stop this!” Corrigan looked dazed, still not comprehending what was happening before him. Instinctively he understood that with each blow, Chaiko was growing stronger and he, the Head-Shaman was bleeding strength; the crowd was turning against him. This was not what he wanted! Not at all! Unable to think of anything he could do, he watched fascinated as Chaiko struggled to his feet and steadied himself. The crowd became deadly quiet, listening for the command they all knew would be coming. Chandar’s fingers turned white on the staff and he hardened his heart; Tara had told him he must do this for Chaiko’s sake. In some strange way she had understood from the first what and why Chaiko was doing this. “You might not beat a bully with your fist, but you might beat him with your courage and fortitude.”
“For so Corrigan wishes, again!” the command came, a little unsteady but still determined, and the staff began its merciless motion through the air.
“STOP!” rang from Tordar with authority. Chandar twisted with a desperate jerk and just about ruining himself, deflected the staff. The crowd had surged forward again, the men yelling in protest, the women crying in anguish. Chaiko’s knees buckled and he dropped to all fours, not understanding why he did not feel the implosion of pain. Tordar said again more quietly this time “Stop! And don’t move. I am sure you have been punished enough!” Then he shook his head decidedly, “This rule we do not need among the clan. Go Chaiko, you have paid your penalty.” Then he turned to Corrigan and asked acidly, “Or think you differently?”
Corrigan shook his head, still trying to comprehend what had happened. He had come to seek revenge for Chaiko’s impertinent stand. He had accused him and the man had been found in the wrong. But Chaiko had somehow turned the accusations into laughter that mocked him even worse. These people would never again listen to him the same way, in spite of all his power and position, but would always remember the insults in the verses. When it was time to be punished, Chaiko had taken his punishment with great fortitude, and each blow diminished Corrigan’s power and prestige until little was left. Corrigan knew with dread certainty in his heart that these people would never respect him again. They would never admire him, never even fear him. The laughter had done that. These people would never obey him in either small or large things. The blows had done that. And all because a cripple had stood up to him. A groan escaped his lips. As if his soul had been ripped out of his body, he sagged and with floundering steps he stumbled away. People ducked out of his way as if he had some horrible sickness on him, hissing, “Shame… for shame! Hide yourself!”
The crowd flooded around Chaiko, many hands lifted him and bore him to a seat against a young tree. Dawn pressed a water bag into his trembling hands. Chaiko smiled, his ordeal over, his enemy retreating in disrepute. Elation filled him, instantly healing his pain. He struggled to his feet, not understanding at all why he felt so weak. Taking Chandar’s staff to support himself, he motioned everyone back, making them understand that he would yet speak. The first sound was a croak and he took a drink before trying again. Dawn knelt by him to be near at hand.
“Friends, power can be a very dangerous thing. Those with ambition are drawn to it and make it their own, jealously guarding it for themselves. But it corrupts those who can’t remember why that power was given to them: it was given to them so they could serve their people. Corrigan forgot that a long time ago. He forgot that we gave him the power in trust only, not as a personal possession for him to keep and profit from.” He straightened, looked around at his hushed audience and smiled wanly at Baer. “But what we gave, we can take back. I recommend that we strip him of power and position!” There was a huge approving roar. “I suggest we choose a new Head-Shaman who still remembers who the people are and how to serve them.” At these words an enthusiastic chant went up, “Chaiko! Chaiko! Chaiko!”
But Chaiko waved for silence and the shouting slowly subsided. “I thank you for the honor my friends, but it is not myself I meant. I am too young and green for such a heavy responsibility. Maybe in the years to come but not today. I propose Tomakon for Head-Shaman. He has the wisdom of his years which he learned from following Bogan himself.”
Pandemonium broke out at his words as the crowd readily agreed, for Tomakon was a popular choice. They surrounded the old shaman and congratulated him, conducted him to Corrigan’s vacated place and gladly set him on it. The old man was happy enough to accommodate the wishes of the crowd, though he himself was not hungry for the post. But it meant ousting Corrigan and he was all for getting rid of that tyrant.
A little later Chaiko limped home, refusing all help, allowing only Dawn to support him. She clung to him at times, trembling with an overflow of emotions. “Why did you?” she thought but dared not ask. She dared not reprimand him either for so risking himself. But the threat of the morning that had hung over them and all the clans was gone, like storm clouds dissipated, leaving a clear sky. They were almost home, and she was crying quietly. “What is the matter with you?” he asked a little put out by her tears, for they seemed to reproach him. “I did what I had to!”
“I know,” she whispered, “I know.” And she knew it would always be like that. They reached their fire and Chaiko eased himself down. Then reaching beneath his wrap he undid the extra skins he wore underneath. The sly fox, she rejoiced, had at least worn extra layers to soften the blows. But that was her Chaiko, always thinking, always just a step or two ahead of everyone else.

Chapter 24
Whenever Chaiko had demanded a lot from his body, the next day his body refused to obey, no matter what his mind insisted. This day his body hurt, less from the blows themselves than from the spasmodic tightening that anticipated the blows. He yawned and nearly cried out at the jolt of agony in his jaws.
All the rest of the clan came to visit him, one by one, wondering how he had done it all. Tomakon was the new Head-Shaman and Corrigan was sulking somewhere, licking his wounds but no one cared. No one was going to obey him anymore, that was for certain.
Baer, seated with Ushi and Cosh, wondered, “How do you come up with these, these... solutions as you call them?” How indeed could the terror of yesterday be rendered so harmless today?
“By knowing the situation and what each person brings to it,” Chaiko replied somewhat unenthusiastically, still feeling very tired. He shifted slightly, and as pain shot through his right side, he flinched just a little but Cosh saw even that slight reaction.
“Was it worth it?” Cosh asked. “Was the result worth all the pain?”
“The pain was cheap for what it accomplished. We have plucked Corrigan, feather by feather, first by laughter, then blow by blow, till he looked obscenely naked, devoid of prestige, devoid of the protection of his position, deprived even of confidence. All that for a few strokes. Yes it was worth it.”
“Why didn’t you hit him instead?” Tusk asked, as he would have.
“I admit that I would have preferred it that way,” Chaiko smiled somewhat ruefully. “But the way it went, with each stroke I gained the crowd’s sympathy whereas Corrigan lost some of it. Ask yourself, in the situation, who looked like the victim? And who the aggressor? He was, of course, guilty of my pain.” He looked at them questioningly; why did they not see it? It was so obvious to him. “I think he also misunderstood his power. He thought he had raised himself by his own efforts but he had merely pushed himself to the fore, into everybody’s view and attention. The rest, prestige and power, was conferred upon him. People were aware of his excesses, but chose to overlook them because they need leadership and he looked and acted like one. But when I showed them the cost of it, they withdrew their support and Corrigan came crashing down.”
“I just don’t understand how he ended up on top of the heap in the first place,” Ushi puzzled.
“Because there was no one else with his drive and energy. Because he worked hard for it and the excesses came by degrees, not all at once. Because people saw in him what they thought they wanted for themselves, power and respect.”
“Are you saying that we made this... monster?” Baer asked.
“In a way yes. We allowed him to define what we thought we all wanted. Power and prestige, and of course, obedience.”
“To have fallen from such a height,” Ushi mused then turned to Chaiko. “I think now I understand what you meant by saying a fate worse than death.”
Cosh looked pensive. “Sometimes you see a herd walking away from a lead bull who has lost the herd’s respect. It is sad, but necessary.”
“I would still have struck him one,” Tusk muttered, still unsatisfied.
Baer rose; he had a Council meeting to attend. He helped Chaiko to his feet, as he was invited to this sitting. They made a slow procession to the other side of the camp, with Chaiko hiding his pain as best as he could.
The Leaders settled in their customary semicircle with their Chief in the place of honor at the centre. As always Titomar stood to conduct the proceedings. His flair for dramatics could turn even a dull sitting into entertainment. He spoke, his voice pleasantly sonorous and personal.
“Welcome again honorable members to the sitting of this Council. Welcome to our most honorable Chief.” The speaker included them all in his flourish and bowed with a show of deference to Baer. “Today, out of courtesy, we have Shaman Lefay of the Blackfoot and Shaman Chaiko of Standing-Rock in our presence, to give us the benefit of their wisdom. Out of courtesy again, we have the ladies of the Council of Women, namely Ladies Keila, Lulu and Tanya to present some of their concerns to this Council for its consideration. This council will be most eager and ready to hear their interests and cares and any pleadings. So please members lend them your ears.” He then turned to the three women and addressed them directly. “Welcome ladies to our sitting where the leaders ponder and deliberate the actions of the clans. I must remark that it is somewhat unusual to have women speak their concerns directly, instead of having their men speak for them.” There was a murmur of assent from all around; it was highly unusual. The three women looked uncomfortable too.
“It is the very reason we are here, to bring the unfairness of it all to your attention. Man speaks, Woman Listens, is an old custom and a bad custom. Women should be allowed to speak their minds freely, not be silenced by such archaic mores,” Keila said more boldly than was customary and Tanya nodded her assent.
“Man Speaks, Woman Listens, If She Would Speak, Let Her Man Speak For Her!” Titomar quoted the rule in question, then shrugging his shoulders and spreading his arms, said in a wonder-filled voice, “What could be wrong with that?”
“Wrong? It is unfair! It silences all women,” Lulu shot back. “What man knows a woman’s heart? And even if he is willing, can he find the words to say it? And if he is unwilling, will he even try?”
“The rule is there so that a family speaks with but one voice. Otherwise a different voice could make a liar of the first. Is that what you want? To make liars of us all? The rule is there for women’s own protection. When her man speaks for her, other men will listen. When her man speaks for her, others may be angry with him, not with her.” Again a murmur of assent followed upon his words. “So is right and proper.”
“But this takes the words from her mouth and casts them aside to be ignored,” Keila protested. “It is a long way from a woman’s heart to a man’s mouth. How will he know what to say? And even knowing it, would he put the right tone to it?”
“But women do not know their minds anyway, filled with children’s things and women’s things. What care do they have of the clans? Words gush from their mouths like water, but though I hear the babbling brook nearby I do not listen to it.” Again a chorus of ayes affirmed his words.
Keila bit her lips in vexation, but Tanya leaned forward and said deliberately, “You do not understand the bind this rule puts us women in. In the strict sense of this rule, we, the Council of Women, cannot listen to a woman talk and address us, but would have to listen to her man state her concerns to us. That is hugely unfair. Sometimes a woman is forced to ask her son to speak for her; would any man allow the same for himself?” “
“Can we not make an exception in their case and let the Council of Women be exempt from the rule?” Baer asked in a conciliatory tone.
“With all due respect, exemptions are the shortcut to more exemptions,” Sefoy interjected out of order. “We might as well do away with the rule altogether right now and save us the trouble and bother of doing it later when all the exemptions will crush us like a gathering avalanche!” There was a sudden stir among the members and quite a few nays were shouted into the proceedings.
“Perhaps then we had best ask wisdom to see how it would apply,” Totomar declared and turned toward the shamans present.
Lefay responded, “When a man speaks, we hold him responsible for his words and he must stand behind them. But do we hold a pregnant woman likewise responsible? Or a nursing mother? No we do not. For she eats for two and speaks for two, sometimes with the mood and voice of a child. But because we hold them not responsible, we hold all women not responsible for their words. Hence the Rule. Men Talk, Women Listen. Not to burden them, but to unburden them.”
“Yes, so it is. We expect a man to defend his words, with his fists if he has to. Should we then expect women to have to fight likewise, I ask of you? We men do not want to fight our women, for they are our mates and daughters, sisters and mothers. How could we fight them?” A chorus of horrified no’s sounded from the Council. Totomar turned to the women and asked in a puzzled voice, “Do you wish to fight with us? Contest us? Surely not!”
“No we do not want to wrestle or fight you. We ask for justice from the council, and wisdom. We women can stand behind our own words and justify them ourselves. We ask for no exemption,” Tanya said with great dignity.
“But how do you expect to defend your words? As we men have to?” Then to soften his intensity he tried a little humor. “With a stew perhaps? May the best stew win, let it be the new rule.” There was a twitter at his witticism, but it overlaid the tension rather than eliminated it. This was a vital and critical concern.
“But don’t you see that even among you men, such a rule makes liars out of the weak and winners out of the strong?” Tanya observed.
“I note, honorable lady, that your mate is strong and thus you surely must have right on your side,” Totomar insinuated. “Or think you us men incapable of justice?”
“No. But we women like a say in it. What is just and what is unjust. This rule is unjust!” Tanya said, determined not to be shaken from her course.
“Your honor,” Totomar turned to Baer, “It is the role of this Council and the shamans to determine what is just, not the freedom of just anyone to decide for themselves.” Everybody leaned forward with great interest to see which way the new Chief would decide, for his mate or the accepted rule of custom?
Baer considered a while, as was his habit, and was slow to speak. “I know that rules were made to make it easier for all of us to live together. Thus the rules were made to serve us, not we to serve the rule. Any rule that does not serve us well, or is unjust must then be changed. I find this rule ignores our women, nay, insults them. Therefore I suggest we change it.” He looked around, every measure a Chief. “Let the new rule be: Whosoever Would Speak, Let Them Speak the Truth and Stand Behind Their Words... or else eat them!” There was again a spattering of laughter but opinions were still divided, as indicated by many shaking of heads. “In any case, the new rule would stand as a trial, to see if it is workable or not. Any rule stands or falls by its practice, so let’s put it to test!”
Totomar was unconvinced, and muttered to those nearby, “I find it hard to understand why any person who does not need to be so burdened would voluntarily put himself under any rule. I, certainly would gladly relinquish the responsibility of minding my words.” Those who heard him exchanged amused glances; Totomar watch his tongue? He was a babbling brook personified, but as such, was quite useful in some circumstances. One could catch a quick nap to the sonorous rise and fall of his voice during a sitting.
On the whole Chaiko thought that Baer’s decision was wise, for it gave people a chance to get used to the idea and at the same time test the new rule if it was indeed workable. There were of course many such rules that could use similar review, not a few of them having to do with women.
The three women, having won this concession, asked for no more, realizing that any additional pressure at this time would be counterproductive. They recognized that Baer had bent as much as he could to accommodate their request, and had no more room to maneuver. He succeeded in keeping a foot in each camp, but found that as with any political decision, he lost a few supporters but in this case at least, gained a whole lot more.
Chaiko was also privy to the conversation that took place at Baer’s fire a little later that day. “Do they not realize that we have feelings too?” Tanya was striding back and forth. “That we know about justice as much as they and a whole lot more about injustice?” Indignantly she kept up her pacing, and the sand flew from her sharp turns. The eyes of the two brothers met but their faces remained carefully neutral. It was understood that the fire was burning quite hot and needed no additional fuel. Let water find the down slope, let the anger evaporate. Chaiko mused to himself silently, “Men talk, Women listen, But When Women Talk Mate Better Be Still.”
Once Tanya indignantly stalked off and left the two brothers alone, Baer confided to Chaiko, “I am not sure being mated Chief to Chief is such a good idea. Besides now as Chief, people will blame me for all the shortcomings the new rule will run into.”
The news of the Council’s deliberations quickly made the rounds of the all clans and was variously received. Throughout that first day especially, there were quite a few “You are not the mouth of me anymore!” as well as many mournful expressions from the detractors, who had sure proof that their world was unraveling in front of their eyes. What next? they moaned, women will all want to be hunters like that foreigner Tara! Luckily though, the majority of men or women were interested only in things that seemed a little closer to their hearts: food, children and some entertainment.
“This means we can’t gossip anymore,” a horrified woman was overheard saying. “No!” said supporters of the new rule. “It means you can’t spread any malicious gossip anymore!” To which the reply was, as expected, “All my gossip is true! I have not a malicious bone in my body!”

In the aftermath Chaiko thought about his parents with a deep sense of something left unfinished. In particular the silence of his mother concerned him. Wouldn’t his father speak for her? What or that, which had remained unspoken, yet keenly felt by himself and Baer. The parents had died early and Chaiko never had a chance to get to know them as an adult. His memories were mostly of isolated childhood incidents to which he could not attach much significance. They were both self-effacing people, father by nature and mother seemingly by choice. Chaiko had to wonder if they were somehow hiding themselves even from their children.
Father was always quiet and peaceful, in most instances, kind and concerned. He was never autocratic and never ordered them about. He was greatly proud of his sons and his eyes would shine with joy as he beamed at them.
Mother loved them fiercely, with a fervor that she was at times reluctant to share even with her mate. It was understood that they were hers. She was much more demonstrative, hugging them at times almost desperately to her, as if they were her salvation. Was the world she had chosen just a little too peaceful, a little too staid?
Chaiko, himself now a parent, understanding how parents felt about their children, still puzzled over his relationship with his parents. As a father, he wanted to teach his children everything he knew, to better prepare them for the world in which they would find themselves. His parents never did that. They had watched him and Baer, as if waiting for something to happen, something to emerge. There was a peculiar distant quality to it, the meaning of which somehow eluded Chaiko, but it pestered him, and in some corner of his mind he was always aware of it.
When his accident happened, all his attention was focused on himself, his grief and pain, and he somehow lost the thread that was only now beginning to make sense. He regretted it now, of course, and he tried to find his way back to that prescience.
It was with these thoughts that while walking through the crowd, he noticed Tarue in conversation with another man. Just the man, Chaiko thought, they could perhaps compare family history. He went to Tarue, who looked up and frowned deeply on seeing him approach.
“Tarue,” Chaiko called to him cheerily, “how goes it?”
“What do you want?” he said sourly, his brows knotted in considerable distaste.
What was wrong with the man? Chaiko wondered but aloud he said only, “I was afraid I would not see you again before the Gathering breaks up.”
“Why would you want to?” he asked rudely almost to the point of insult. His demeanor clearly said I have no use for you.
“Well we are family,” Chaiko said taken aback. His father’s brother’s son.
“We are not!” the other snapped out emphatically. “I am my mother’s son, but my real father was not your father’s brother. Thus we share nothing, you and I. We are family in name only but not of the same blood line.” Tarue spat on the ground pointedly. “Father could not father a child; it was not in him. His seed pod was empty. My mother had to look elsewhere.” The eyes narrowed more and his face blazed with hate. “I have no reason in the world to claim kinship with you! I have no use for your kind at all. You and your brother sit on the backs of people telling them what they must do and how and why. Well your opinions are not welcome with me. I make no friends with parasites!” The face was contorted, dark and ugly. Tarue spun on his heels, leaving Chaiko flabbergasted and with heart hammering.
Later still, Chaiko related this encounter to Baer. Baer scratched his head. “I have heard it told variously that our male line was suspect for of six brothers, the only issue was us and Tarue.” He screwed up his face in concentration. “Now we find out there is only you and me? I do not know what to think.”
“Neither do I,” Chaiko muttered highly unsettled.
Chaiko sought out Tomakon’s opinion on the matter. But the old man only hummed and hawed, strangely reticent to entertain possibilities. Lefay seemed even less interested in helping. Was he making too much of this? Chaiko wondered, shaking his head, but it ate at his guts like hunger, with a need to know insistently growing.
Chaiko had noted that events sometimes occur quite spontaneously, events of some significance that uncover themselves just at the right time to answer some need. Still he was often not ready for it when it happened and could only figure out the significance afterwards. He was standing at the edge of a crowd, too deeply engrossed in his thoughts to really notice what was happening around him when he was accosted by a young woman about his age. Her eyes were big with excitement as she pointed a shaking hand at Chaiko and stammered, “You!! I have found you! Finally found you!”
Chaiko was taken aback. He had never seen this woman but there she was in front of him, claiming some connection. “Who are you?” he asked reasonably.
“I am Leah,” she said breathlessly, “and you were given to me!”
“Given?” Chaiko was struck speechless with astonishment.
“Yes! Given!” she declared with great certainty, her face shining. “I have been looking for you all my life.”
“Pardon me?” was all Chaiko could think to say and took an involuntary step back. But she followed. She was on the small side but she radiated strength and energy, fairly vibrating with obvious excitement.
“I have found you!” Then the sparkle began to fade from her eyes and her mouth turned down in dismay. “But it is too late now...” she started to cry.
Chaiko took one more step back and stammered, “I don’t know you...” but again she followed him. She took something from around her neck and waved it in his face. “See? See? This will prove it.”
“Prove what?” he asked, stepping back again trying to look at whatever she was brandishing. She pressed it into his hands. It was a stone on a leather thong, oddly familiar... just like his! Bogan’s tell mark! He blinked at it uncomprehendingly.
“We were intended for one another!” Leah called out triumphantly.
“Intended?” Would he ever be able to figure this out?
“Yes, intended. I was supposed to mate the one who wore that!” and she pointed to the tell mark around Chaiko’s neck.
“Mate-e?!” Chaiko was totally confused.
“Yes! Bogan himself gave that to my mother to give to me. I was to mate the man who wore the matching half. You are that matching half.”
Chaiko mated the stones and they fit perfectly. There could be no question that the stone was once one. He looked at it befuddled, his thoughts stumbling over each other. Bogan’s stone? Bogan gave this stone to the girl? As a token of intention? That they should be mated? If it was so predestined, why did it not happen? Why was his life intersecting with Bogan again?
“You said it was... too late? Too late for what?” Chaiko remembered the one way out she gave.
“I was supposed to mate you. So it was told to me. But I did not know who or where you were. I only had the stone and I was looking and looking. Last Gathering I looked but I could not find you all these years. Finally I thought you did not exist anymore. And then I... I found someone. I was mated with him. So it is too late, you see?” Tears were still streaming down her face.
“Yes, it is really too late for that. For I also have a mate already,” he said looking at the “mated” stone. He frowned in a deep concentration. Had Bogan really expected him to mate this girl? It was the second time that Bogan has pointed to him, indirectly. Tomakon had said something years before that Bogan knew of them, of Chaiko and Baer. But how did he know?
“I was not at the last Gathering,” he said thinking aloud, “for I was hurt and injured.” He showed the girl his wooden leg. Leah looked, her sobs stopping momentarily, but then she resumed her crying. She was a good looking young woman, healthy and strong. There was a certain intensity about her, a vibrant personality, no doubt. Even as sad as she was, she had a vivacious sparkle. Immediately he felt attracted to her. From such a brief look, she would have been a good choice for him, he realized... if it were not for Dawn. But she must have been a very young girl when Bogan... this made so little sense. “If you are mated... happily, why are you so sad?”
“Yes, I am happy with my man. And now, I would not have it any other way. He is wonderful to me.” She stilled her crying. “But you must understand. All my life I had been looking for you, wondering who you were and what you looked like. I was looking for you in every stranger. All I knew was that you had a stone just like mine. And that it had been Bogan’s wish. I do not know or understand why, but it had been his wish. I thought it was my destiny as promised to me by Bogan.” Her face clouded. “My mother wished it, having known the great man... but then she died, and her dream and mine with her. I thought you must be dead and I would never find you. So when Salle... my man... came along... I grabbed onto him.” She made a motion of holding on with both her hands. “But I still watched every stranger, afraid almost that I would find you...” she looked at the ground and then up at him again, her eyes brilliant with a strange light. “And here you are. To remind me of a promise my mother made to Bogan himself. I believed in that promise.” She did not ask where were you, but her eyes did.
It took a while for the two of them to sort things out. It seemed that shortly before his death Bogan had given Leah’s mother the stone with the instruction that Leah, then just an infant, should mate with whomever wore the other half. More was not said or understood.
“Why me?” Chaiko wondered. The stone had been given to his mother, and she gave it to him without telling him why. Was this a prophecy of sorts? That the two stones should eventually find each other? But both he and Leah were just infants when this all took place. What was the meaning of this? Had Bogan seen something special in the mothers and sensed it in their children? Must have, for why else had he gone to all this trouble? Had he gone to the last Gathering, Leah would have found him and doubtless be mated with him now. Who could resist such a prophecy? The River of Rocks rumbled in the past yet again. But the future that River closed to him gave him another. It gave him Dawn and three wonderful children.
He handed her stone back to her. “Here, this belongs to you. A piece of Bogan.”
But she pressed it into his hand, “It was my stone of promise, but the promise failed. It was really intended for you.” She sashayed coyly as if to show him what he had missed. His heart beat just a little quicker at her little play and intrigued he looked into her eyes, sensing the liveliness and joy that lay underneath. If Bogan saw that quality in the mother than perhaps he could understand Bogan’s choice. But why did it have to be him? the question came at him again.
Leah looked Chaiko over again with an openly calculating look. Her voice was steady again and melodious. “I am happy with the choice I made. I do not regret it. But it is very nice to have met you and now I can stop wondering who was intended for me. I think we would have been good for each other.” She again swayed from side to side, her mouth generously provocative. “But we both had to make other choices.” She regarded him pensively, considering, and he could see she was an intelligent girl. “Bogan’s stone you should keep. It was really intended for you, I think. I was just the present that went along with it. Give it to your mate. Good bye Chaiko of Standing-Rock. I will see you again and own just a little piece of you as I live out the promise I have chosen.” She turned, not waiting for his reply, and skipped away with an exuberant energy that must have pleased Bogan himself.
“Leah!” Chaiko called after her. She turned and looked at him archly as he said, “You would make a very, very fine present for anyone... both on the inside and the outside.” She again gave a generous, uninhibited laugh and disappeared in the crowd.
Chaiko looked after her still dazed by how quickly the past and the present linked up. He looked at the mated-stone, disturbed. His mother, her mother, Bogan and the two of them. It made so little sense. To his surprise he found himself at his campsite, not knowing how he had gotten there. Out of habit he sat by the fire and mused. Dawn and the children were not there; only a few people were about. He soon got deep into his thoughts again.
Bogan, Bogan. Just who were you? What kind of a man? Why did you make such promises? You were a poor prophet if you could not foresee it would fail. Why did you choose me? There was some pressure in his head and he recognized from experience that something was impending, some conclusion or recognition slowly emerging. He was impatient to bring it to light. But it hovered in the background, like a stalled storm that waits to unleash its fury on the countryside. The whole world waited hushed for the storm to break.
Laughter, strange but compellingly familiar, pulled him from his preoccupation. He looked up and noted in some surprise that more people were present, and fires were being fed. Then he had another shock, for the source of the laughter was Nebu herself. Her face glowed and there was a pleasing flush to her skin. Nebu laughing? When had he heard it last? He looked around with intense curiosity but found nothing to account for it. He shook his head; today had been such a strange day. He watched Nebu. She was not the same woman he knew. There was a lightness to her movements, a buoyancy that must be coming from the inside. Ork came with some firewood that he dropped by the fire. When Nebu beamed at him and called something cheerfully to him, he flipped something sunny back. Chaiko shook himself: where had this transformation come from?
Chaiko heard her laughter again but saw only Ushi bringing an armful of wood to her. Ushi said something, and her responding laughter rang with sheer pleasure. Why was she so happy? It was kind of Ushi to cheer her so. Then Ushi wrapped an arm possessively around her waist and pulled her to him; she yielded readily, melting into him. In the fluid familiarity of the movement Chaiko realized that they had slept together and had some understanding between them. Quite a lot of understanding it would appear. But Nebu and Ushi? Could anything good come of another dalliance by the trader? Nebu needed reliability not the frivolity of a predator moth. He frowned. It was true that he had commended Nebu to Ushi, thinking of solving two problems, but now that it was happening right before his eyes, he suddenly had second thoughts. Ushi must have sensed Chaiko’s disapproval for he came over to the shaman. “It is not what you think,” he protested before he even sat down. “She is a wonderful woman. Soft, tender yet passionate. Understanding too. I have never met a woman who knew so quickly what I thought or wished for. She knows it even before I do. Now is that not a surprise? It was to me! Even after you aimed me at her.”
There was a deep sense of wonder in his voice, but still Chaiko regarded him suspiciously. The trader turned more serious then. “I am mindful of what you told me, that I needed to make a nest. And I have been looking with that intent. I was looking far but I should have looked closer, I suppose, for in front of my very eyes was the woman I needed.” He was silent for a moment, pensive. “With all other women I eventually lost interest, but Nebu is so companionable that I feel comfortable with the idea of spending my whole life with her. She is very considerate of my feelings and reads my wishes, as I said, before I am aware of them. It is time I traded the brief thrill of lying with a woman with sharing my entire life with one.” He looked at the shaman searchingly, for approval no doubt, but found some well earned skepticism there. “I know, I know what you are thinking. Will it last? I ask myself, but tell myself that I am determined that it will… this time.”
“Make sure that you do!” Chaiko commanded in the full imperative. “Nebu is not a toy for you. She is a deep feeling woman.” Ushi nodded in agreement and Chaiko eased up. “Well then go and play. She has lot of catching up to do.” A big grin spread across the trader’s face; he would give her all the catching up she needed and more. Ushi rose and as he returned to Nebu, she looked searchingly at him, some misgivings melting from her face, her mouth brightening with undisguised joy. Chaiko was warmed by the sight of them. If the union worked out, two of his worries were solved. But will it work? One can but try, he said to himself wearily.
Nearby laughter again intruded upon Chaiko. He glanced in its direction and saw Cora laughing and teasing Ruba. They had become very friendly very suddenly, Chaiko thought, and his heart rejoiced. Ruba and Cora also settled, taken care of. Now if he could only learn something about spirits, this Gathering would be a huge success. Cora laughed again, the sound ringing with rich overtones that cut through everything else.
When Ruba and Cora were alone, he gave her another bone plate, anxiously awaiting her reaction. Cora’s eyes widened in surprise as she beheld the exquisitely rendered two birds in flight. The delicate lines were filled with red ochre. Both birds had their wings spread, flying in perfect symmetry, the smaller bird leading the way, upward to the left.
When she found her voice, she whispered in Tolmec, “Oh, this is so beautiful!” Then she switched into clan, “But should not the male bird be leading?” He had not thought of that aspect. It had been a subconscious expression of his feelings.
“I do not know. Lately I have been following more than leading.”
Yes, she could see that; he had shadowed her, then echoed her, not even realizing what a beautiful voice he had. And now this! A perfect composition of an accomplished artist. And he was in love with her, her heart trilled.
Ruba did not tell her that he had also thought of the shaman who had taught him to see, and of Tusk who believed he could draw and create. In the work and the working of it, Ruba, for the first time in his life, felt close to his father. He understood what his father had felt and the need that drove him to express. A tenderness for his father welled up in him and sympathy for the underlying frustration that hid behind every artist’s work. Cora sensed the shift in him, perhaps from his tone.

Dawn, Fire-Dancer and Hollow-Tree came back to camp with the children, then bustled about the campfire, preparing a meal.
“People are getting tired of camping,” Dawn said conversationally. “There is little food left, mostly of poor quality. Firewood is so hard to find and everywhere there is garbage overflowing, stinking up the air.” She cast a sideways look at Chaiko, recognizing a peculiar look about him and asked concerned, “What is the matter?”
“There is nothing the matter,” he stated flatly but then motioned her close. “Here, this is for you,” and he hung a talisman around her neck. Intrigued she looked at the piece of stone, just like his, somehow. Where had this tell-mark come from? She peered at Bogan’s tell-mark around his neck. Her face was a question in itself.
“We are mated as these stones are mated,” he said with strange huskiness in his voice; then pulling her close, he showed her how the stones fit perfectly together. “Just like you and me,” he said, his face calm, hiding great emotion. Dawn looked at the stone and at him, back and forth and did not know what to say. There was a lump in her throat that no words could pass by. Inside she was melting, resistance and reservation letting go, one by one. There was no need for words, for it was one of those rare instances when words would just get in the way. It was rare for Chaiko to give her such moments so she treasured them all the more. They sat in silence a long while, neither wanting to let go. But then Yael ran to his mother and claimed her attention. Chaiko slipped back into his thoughts, searching and sorting through his memories. Had he not been here before?
The mated stones were where they belonged, one his and one Dawn’s, but only if they had been meant for him. The stones of promise? But what if they had really been intended for Leah? Chaiko and Leah had thus become Chaiko or Leah. One or the other, but not both. The stones came through the mothers; did that have any significance?
Dawn saw Chaiko struggling with something very deep. He was truly wrestling with some thoughts for his posture was tense and occasionally a sound would escape his lips or some violent gesture would follow. What was causing her mate such concern? Where had this stone come from? From Bogan too? Suddenly she saw Chaiko jump up as if a lightning bolt had hit him. For a moment he stood stock still than he ran toward the main compound. What did that mean? Dawn called to Ushi, pointing after Chaiko. She was tied down by the children but Ushi quickly followed the shaman, having observed such uncharacteristic behavior.
Chaiko was a whirlwind that passed through the camp. He arrived at Tomakon’s campsite, forced himself into Tomakon’s circle and grabbed the older man, drawing him aside. Chaiko’s eyes were fierce, blazing with emotion. “Why did you not tell me that... Bogan was my father??!”

Chapter 25
Tomakon blinked and took a step back from an angry Chaiko. “Because I did not know. Not for certain. He never told us. Though I was sure it might be you.”
“But... but why?!” Chaiko could hardly take a breath for he felt as if his whole comfortable world had fallen on him and was crushing him. “Why did he disown me??!” There was so much pain in this voice that the elder shaman winced as if he had been struck. “Why did he cast me away like some unwanted thing?”
“He did not cast you away!” Tomakon said, stung. “He loved you so! He did it because he loved you and wanted above else to protect you!”
“Love? You call that love?” Chaiko staggered back, his wooden leg very unsteady under him.
“Oh yes! I would call it love,” said Tomakon. “He yearned to be a father. To hold his son, just like any normal man. To teach you. To watch you grow. To see you smile at him. To laugh. Or just to play with you and talk with you. He wanted that very badly.”
“But then why??”
“He sacrificed all that to protect you and your mother,” Tomakon said, his voice growing husky defending his friend, remembering Bogan’s dreams and fears.
“To protect me? From what?”
“From the burden of his name and reputation. From the great load he shouldered. From all the expectations placed on him.” Tomakon reached out an arm, grabbed Chaiko’s shoulder, drew him aside to a small tree and sat him down. Tomakon’s voice became soft and comforting; he was performing a last service for his friend. A service that he had despaired over, the last few years, afraid he would die before he could do it.
“Your father was a selfless man, I think you know that by now. He was asked and he gave without questions or reservations. He had very little time for himself, most of which he spent thinking about things, much like you. Sometimes he lay with a woman but rarely, very rarely. As he grew older, he grew lonelier even in the crowds around him, reaching out for him, always wanting something from him. He longed for a family and he grew to envy the common man who could mate and have children without any other consideration. For who gave to him? Really. Who?” Tomakon looked into the distance, across time, filled with great sadness for the man who had been his friend, who had given his life in the service of others. Heartbeat by heartbeat, day upon day, year after year. A whole lifetime spent denying oneself the comfort of a mate and a growing family. His eyes misted with longing for Bogan.
Tomakon pulled himself back into the present. “He knew your mother as a young woman. I remember her well myself. Pretty, vibrant, full of life. Now I can understand why he chose her to carry his seed. Because of her heart, her vitality and intelligence. They must have stolen a few moments together. I was never sure for he never said it outright. He implied that a son would come someday to claim his heritage and that I must help him then. I thought it might be you when I first met you, but I wasn’t sure. You know, you look nothing like him except for that glow you get in your eyes. The way you look behind the words and behind things at their shadows, searching for meaning. And you had Bogan’s stone. That, too, testified of you.”
“But still that does not explain why,” Chaiko lamented, so anxious to hear a reason to connect to his pain over such discovery. Bogan his father??!
“You had to be there to understand. Wherever he went people followed, begged him for things, to bring some comfort to their darkness, answers to life’s many questions. There is such a great, yawning need out there! And he did his best to find them answers. Solve problems. Teach. Lead by example. He struggled against injustice. He taught compassion. Demonstrated love and caring for one another. To find answers he could not find for himself. He was expected to be all things and people demanded this of him.” Tomakon himself had always been bowed by the weight of all these demands and responsibilities.
“He was selfless and denied people nothing. But he could not ask the same of his family. He was filled with a sense of mission, to bring unity and a sense of humanity to all these people he called his own but... but it was his zeal that carried the weight of such a burden that would have crushed any other man.” Tomakon paused and peered somewhat anxiously in Chaiko’s face; was he reaching him, through the shock of this revelation? What answer could satisfy the hunger that had grown through years of wondering?
“Remember the teaching of the small tree growing in the shadow of the big tree?” Tomakon tried a different tack. “The small tree was well protected by the big tree, living in its weather shadow till the day the big tree died but the young tree could not survive for it had not grown hard and strong. Your father... Bogan was afraid that living in the shadow of his reputation would likewise spoil you, so that once he was gone you would not prosper and prevail. Like the man living with the great hunter would find no reason to hunt. Like the man living with the wise man would not learn to hunger and quest for knowledge. For such was the curse of his bright reputation, it would burn someone who got too close or searched intensively after it.”
“But... but...” Chaiko wanted to protest, his emotions at war with his reason. His intelligence had to agree with Tomakon’s arguments but his feelings never would.
“Bogan trusted in his heritage that was in your blood, inside of you. He trusted that you would find yourself if given your own space and your own time... not his. He gave you room to grow and not be suffocated by his reputation. He did not want you to give up, paralyzed by what he was, and he did not want you to run after the fame that claimed him. As much as he wanted to be a mate to your mother and a father to you, he gave that all up to give you an honest chance at an independent life. That is what I call love, my friend!” Chaiko just shook his head, denying these facts. A child needs parents!
“You cannot understand the crushing weight of expectation that was focused on your father. He did not want that for you or your mother. That is why, I think, they decided to do what they did. She had Baer and then you, off in the quiet of Standing-Rock, with a mate who could not have any children.”
Baer?!! Yes, what about Baer? He had to be Bogan’s son as well, of course! Chaiko had been so overwhelmed by the discovery that he had forgotten about his own brother. After all Baer did not have a tell-mark from Bogan. With great difficulty he focused his mind on what the old shaman was saying.
“...They saw each other only at Gatherings, I guess, though Bogan travelled across the whole of the land. There was an eight years’ difference between you and Baer. They must have met secretly at Gatherings. But I knew nothing of that. There were always people around Bogan. Men, women and children. Always. That was how it was.”
“But did he not say anything to you about... children?” Chaiko’s voice was trembling.
“No. Not directly. He said that somebody might come forth with a claim, and I... we were to ease you into a knowledge of him... I think he deliberately kept it vague for us, so we could not go and find you. Trusting that you would find us. That is why he gave us teachings to give to you. To explain why he had not revealed himself to you or Baer. He said it was up to you to claim him but he could not claim you without changing you, transforming both of you. He wanted you two to be your own men, not just sons of Bogan...”
“Near the end of his life he found Leah’s mother and seeing all her admirable qualities, he chose Leah for you as mate if your paths would cross. He gave Leah the stone he carried around his neck in the hope it would get back to you.” Tomakon then shut his mouth, his eyes anxiously searching Chaiko’s face.
Chaiko was quiet, very still. No thoughts, no emotions swirled to the surface. He forced each of the words into his awareness, understood them, but stunned as he was he could not react to them. He returned the old shaman’s inquiring gaze blankly. Finally, sighing, Chaiko stood up, compelled into movement by the emptiness he felt. As always, if answers eluded him, he would go in search of them.
“Chaiko,” Tomakon called after him. Chaiko turned back to look. “You know a snail was a favorite symbol of his. Being so perfect and self contained. I think he thought of your mother and the two of you as his home. I think that is why he named you Chaiko.” Tomakon was guessing. It was a reasonable and a kind guess.
Chaiko still felt empty when he arrived back at his campsite. He went to Baer, sat down and just looked at his brother. Baer grew uncomfortable at his intensity. “What?” the Chief of all the clans asked, expecting from his brother’s demeanor something uncomfortable and unusual. That impression deepened when Chaiko still did not respond to him. How was Chaiko going to tell him about what he had just learned?
Chaiko started talking somewhat erratically, the words spilling out of him without much control. Of mother, of the man they thought to be their father, and finally of Bogan. Baer listened with outward interest but remained calm and detached. He said not a word until Chaiko was finished and waiting for his reaction.
“Well that makes lot more sense then,” Baer said simply.
“What makes more sense?” Chaiko asked, almost irritated by the calm his brother showed. Did this not matter to him?
“Why father never really tried to teach us much of anything. Why he never was strict with us. Why mother was always watching us and searching for emerging qualities. Why she was so nervous before a Gathering, so changed during it and so subdued after it. Yes those parts all make sense now.”
“But what do you think of Bogan being our father? Does that not mean anything?”
Baer thought a long while, before answering. “Yes, it means a whole lot. But I think he was right. I do not think I would have liked to grow up on the road all the time, competing with all the people for his attention.”
“He would have had to make time for us,” Chaiko stated flatly, uncompromisingly.
“Perhaps. But he was only a man. You must not forget that,” Baer said, strangely untouched by the conflict Chaiko was experiencing.
“Why are you not angry? That our father hid himself from us!” Chaiko exploded.
“I had a father!” Baer reminded him. “Day after day he loved us and looked after us. That Bogan was our real father cannot overshadow that. Or have you forgotten that?”
In a manner of speaking he had. His adoptive father had always been a quiet man, easy to be overlooked or forgotten. Chaiko felt chastised but he found the fact totally stunning that the man he struggled so hard to understand had turned out to be his real father. What he knew of his adoptive father could easily be summed up in a few words. Baer was, of course, eight years older than he and owed eight more years to the man they had called father. That explained a lot of Baer’s reaction. Chaiko’s true lineage suddenly illuminated his own complexity and that of Bogan’s.
Chaiko son of Bogan, son of ...?!! He must learn his real lineage, the roll call of his generations, yet not disown the one he already knew. It was all too confusing and he needed time to think. He could not understand his brother’s easy acceptance of the revealed facts. Surely there were nuances of significance. Perhaps he too needed time to absorb this new awareness of what he was. He retreated to his own fire lost in thought.
Dawn saw he was preoccupied with something large and guarded his peace. Let the thinker think things through. She did not yet know the momentous implications awaiting her and their sons! Perhaps she would not be so complacent then.
At one point Ushi came wanting something but Chaiko peremptorily waved him away. The trader backed off; it was rare that Chaiko refused anyone’s approach. Ushi knitted his brows, wondering what was absorbing the shaman’s attention so. Chaiko had been strange ever since he returned from Tomakon. What could the old shaman have told Chaiko to sink him so deep in thought? Ushi returned to Nebu, and his mood immediately lightened at the sight of her. She was such a comfortable woman to be around, always so willing to listen, always ready with a few right words of response. To his great surprise he was finding her extremely passionate, and she spawned her own excitement, not just riding his. The boys, Ork and Ruba, treated him almost deferentially, glad to see their mother once again so alive and glowing. Ushi tried not to father them and thus awaken their resentment. Still the trader felt he had a family again. He sat down by the smoking fire, still frowning at Chaiko’s dismissal. When Nebu gave him something to drink, he sipped absently on it, ruminating that it bode no good whenever the shaman was so preoccupied with something consequential. What could that something be?

Chaiko turned to Dawn and motioned her to sit down. She first gave the twins to her sister and left Yael in Hollow-Tree’s care before she complied. Chaiko looked at her, his face still smooth and expressionless. Dawn began to worry, as she could not penetrate his blank mask. What was this about? She saw her turtle again struggling to show himself as if carrying some great weight. What weight could that be?
“I am Bogan’s son.” He said each word ponderously.
“Bogan?” she blinked. “The Bogan you always talk about and quote?” Then something of what he said sank in as she tried to make sense of it. “Are we not all Bogan’s sons... and daughters?” Was not Bogan the father of a new culture?
No!” He shook his head, “I am really Bogan’s son. And Baer is too.” Then with many laborious words he told her what he had learned. As she listened, her face changed from shock to growing disbelief and finally to utter astonishment.
“And this is the great Bogan?” she asked yet again, hardly daring to believe her ears. She then looked at her mate; was this not good? “And this is good... no?”
Chaiko was stunned by the question. He had been so involved in his own reactions that he had considered nothing else. Good? Good for Dawn and their three children? Was it good for them? He did not know and had to shrug in reply. Good or not good, it was now a fact; a fact that would soon be common knowledge, or could he, should he keep it quiet? He frowned at this new perplexity. Dawn watched her mate anxiously, trying to read from him whether to be sad or happy for him. She could not decipher the confusion she saw there.
“Bogan has hid this from all of us to spare his mate and sons the burden of the weight he carried. Should I not be cautious too?” He looked toward his brother’s place to see what Baer had decided, but found only the peaceful sight of Baer with Tanya, Csama nestled in her arms.
Dawn still had trouble comprehending. “This is Bogan the great teacher? He is your father? Every time you turn around, somebody was sure to be quoting him in some context.” Chaiko nodded. How? she asked herself, and why only now?
“I just found out about it today,” he explained, reading her confusion. Her eyes grew bigger still. No wonder Chaiko was so intelligent, being of Bogan’s bloodline. Her children shared the same lineage! The thought coursed through her like lightning and her heart sang in sudden elation. Her face brightened with a flush of joy; her eyes blazed brilliant blue. Still she could only say, “Bogan is your father? What an illustrious lineage!” Why was Chaiko so constrained?
But seeing her reaction, Chaiko found himself swept along by her burst of joy. Yes, most certainly, Bogan’s blood added to the value of his bloodline hugely. His children were inheritors of a great name!
“What is it, dear?” she asked in the most tender tones, focusing all her attention on him.
“I do not know. All the years I thought I was someone else. It is hard to find out otherwise so abruptly.”
“But you yourself are still the very same person you were this morning. Nothing can change that.”
She was right of course. Partly anyway, but somehow the knowledge had already changed him. It had set him apart. Before he could pretend to be part of the common herd of man, but today with a knowledge of his descent, he knew himself to be different. He understood better why he was compelled to search for answers, not settling for the easy platitudes. Now he understood why both he and Baer were driven to serve. It was in their blood. A heritage that would give him strength but also carried an awesome responsibility. Bogan, Bogan my father.
Tanya came over to Dawn. Her face was suffused with a sense of unreality. “Have you heard?” she whispered, not daring to voice aloud such a secret. Dawn nodded, her face shining with pride for her mate’s and children’s sake.
“But, do you not understand...?” Tanya tried to put words to her concerns. “This will make both of them even more insufferable with their... their sense of responsibility.”
Dawn laughed, a pleased tingling laugh. “A skin already full can’t be added to,” she quoted an Ekulan saying. That made sense, Tanya concluded, and she returned her friend’s smile.
“Can you believe it?” Tanya marveled.
“No. But it must be true to put such a hole in Chaiko’s composure. I thought my turtle would not come out all day and night.”
“Turtle? What turtle?” Tanya asked somewhat confused.
“Oh never you mind,” Dawn dismissed it, blushing at so revealing her secret name for her mate.
The news percolated through camp. Tanya confided in Ile, Ile mentioned it to Ido, Ido to Lana who ran to her mother for confirmation. What could Tanya do but to affirm; yes, she was of the bloodline of Bogan. Crow took the news as a shock, his mate was of Bogan? He had not thought Lana could be any more priceless, but she suddenly was. And their children would be too! The thought warmed him through and through and he felt an aching urge to instigate more in that direction.
In a short time all of Standing-Rock knew. And the principals knew that they knew, for they could feel the many eyes boring into them. But the eyes quickly averted when Chaiko and Baer looked in their direction.
Ushi came straight to the point. “Soon they will be worshipping you.”
“Nah.” Chaiko struck at the thought in irritation, but knew it to be true on some level. Look how people thought of him as some great magician, when he gave them no cause whatever for it. Curse of a reputation, Bogan had called it, and Chaiko was beginning to feel it already.
Much later in the day, Crow came over hesitantly. He was ready to withdraw at the least sign from Chaiko. But Chaiko waved him over. “Sit. Sit.” Crow did, feeling tongue tied. Chaiko looked at him long before saying, “Blacky, I’m the same person I ever was… but today and henceforth, I need you more than ever…”

Chapter 26
Chaiko smoothed out the skin spread in front of him and peered at the host of marks indicated thereon. Like an orderly procession of ants, short strokes denoted the count of days and other marks, the phases of the moon. They had been here for nineteen days and it was time to break camp and head home. Maybe even today.
The Gathering was as good as over. Black-Pearl was depleted and demoralized. There was a shortage of food and firewood and the place reeked with the smell of humanity everywhere. Corrigan Lebow had surfaced briefly, much subdued and reluctant even to speak. He had attended the morning sitting of the Council of Shamans and sat in morose silence as the rest had deferred to Tomakon, the new Head-Shaman.
The news that Baer, the Chief of all the Clans, and Chaiko the renowned shaman, were sons of Bogan created an instant stir through the entire camp. People flocked to look at them, as if by so doing they could prove the transformation that had taken place. Open mouthed, they gawked at the two brothers and followed like shadows wherever the brothers went, whispering, “Bogan, Bogan,” as if the shaman of all shamans had suddenly come alive in them.
Of course, there were a few doubters too; people who found comfort from Bogan in the past, but were much less ready to have him so resurrected in the shapes of his sons. “Why have we not heard of this before? Why did not Bogan himself vouch for them?” But these voices were few and lost in the general up-welling of wonder and joy.
In council, all had awaited the arrival of Chaiko with hushed expectations and when he did arrive the quiet was profound. Chaiko sat beside Tomakon and Lefay. The Head-Shaman then boldly proclaimed, “We welcome Chaiko, the Shaman of the Standing-Rock Clan, Master of Falcon, the son of Bogan into our midst. He and his brother Baer are indeed sons of Bogan. I can attest to that. This knowledge was hidden from us so they could grow into men in their own right. Welcome them and take joy that the seed of Bogan has survived and so flourished.” There were glad shouts greeting this announcement. Bogan’s sons! It was a miracle. Even Corrigan raised an eyebrow. The upstart was Bogan’s son? No wonder he was so troublesome! And there was perhaps no shame at being bested by a scion of Bogan.
Chaiko was only somewhat reconciled to his new-found fame. Baer was more pragmatic: “I have not changed,” he said, shrugging his shoulders. “But the rest of them have,” Chaiko pointed out. And he was right. Bogan’s name acted like magic, everyone was drawn by the charisma of the name.
Naome came to Chaiko, touched him and exulted, “I knew it, I knew it,” but she never said what it was she knew. Perhaps now she could understand why her friend had left for such a far off place. Perhaps she could now understand what love had moved her friend to hide her sons in safety and serve her secret lover only every four years at Gatherings. For Naome, it was a nagging mystery laid to rest.
Leah also sought out Chaiko smiling, her eyes full of laughter. “Perhaps I should not have let my claim on you lapse so easily. Perhaps I should have held onto you as was intended by your... father.” Her eyes measured him anew, searching for some sign of greatness. Chaiko smiled at her for that and spread his hands to show “I am just what I was before...” Leah gave a tingling laugh, kissed him on the cheeks then skipped away, full of life and energy. Father had an eye for beauty and intelligence among all his other accomplishments, Chaiko conceded, realizing with a start that this was his first overt acceptance of his heritage.
Even Tarue came before the shaman. “I told you, did I not? You are a bastard just like me! You had to be, for that male line is dead and childless.” There was such glee in his voice, as if Chaiko’s new status had been a setback, not a great boon. All that mattered was that he had been proven right. The poor man, Chaiko pitied, that must not happen very often.
Of course there were other less welcome consequences of his and Baer’s new prestige. Every word he uttered was snatched up and repeated all over the camp. Even insignificant sayings and everyday utterances were traded back and forth. Their every action was searched and discussed and people followed them everywhere. Even people who had known them all their lives suddenly expected even greater things from them. The pressure of this expectation for something spectacular was most wearisome. Chaiko thus had more than just a fair inkling of what fate his father had sheltered him from.
In the focus of this intense attention both brothers became more quiet and reticent, careful of what they said, careful of their every action. They had become highly aware of each and every eye that followed wherever they went.
“It is hard to be wise every moment of the day. It is impossible to be noble all of the time,” Chaiko complained to Dawn. “No wonder that even Bogan was reduced to quoting himself.”
“Shh,” Dawn pacified him. “You are who you are. Be true to yourself. Do not let what people think bother you. Remember your past, what they thought of you then.”
“That was easy. They ignored me then. Now they steal the words out of my mouth, grasp at every gesture I make.”
“You are who you are: my mate and father of my children. We will not hide but stand with you,” Dawn reaffirmed and he resisted her no more.

Chaiko looked around in the early dawn light. The camp was quiet still. Mist hung wetly in the air or drifted like smoke over the surface of the lake. A light breeze barely had the energy to rustle the dried husks of reeds and cattails. Swarms of flies roiled about the carcass of a small bird that had died in the night.
Chaiko made another mark on the skin for the day and waited for the pigment to dry. There were many, many marks, the year recorded and kept on the parchment of skin. Back in the home cave he had rolls of skins for past years. It would be nice if he could similarly record his thoughts and conclusions. But how? A mark alone did not suffice. A picture like Malek drew in the back of the cave would also be inadequate. Unmoving shapes that certainly communicated an instant in time, but not a progression of thoughts and ideas. How could he do that? First take thoughts and shape them into precise words, but how to get the sounds and meanings of those words down onto a skin, so they would not be forgotten? How to capture the flow of ideas and various shades of meaning? He shook his head, trying to clear the up-welling confusion. He put the thoughts away. Perhaps he had achieved enough already for a lifetime, he commiserated, worn down by the unwanted attention he was getting. How can one think with so many eyes peering over one’s shoulder? Perhaps it would be up to Yael, Moon and Sun to solve this problem. Every generation should add to the store of knowledge, but a means must be found to record it. He rolled the skin up, tying it securely and tucking it away.
Beside him, Dawn opened her eyes and looked up at him, then relaxed, seeing him on guard. Just like in the olden days, they thought simultaneously, when he had guarded her rest. She smiled at him, her eyes sparkling with intense blue. As soon as she stirred with more than just a random movement, the twins awoke making unfulfilled noises. Dawn gathered Sun in her arms and gave him a breast which he latched onto securely, making noisy sounds. Obviously the sound was part of the ritual, reassuring him that he was indeed feeding. Moon in the meantime was sucking on her fist amidst wet sounds, used to waiting her turn.
Yael awoke to all the movement. He looked about sleepily and frowned at his brother in Dawn’s embrace, resentful of the attention Sun claimed. Yael was hungry too, but not enough to get up yet. He crawled back under the covers, trying to shut out the world. That lasted only as long as the sun was low in the sky. The heat built up and drove him from beneath the covers.
Yael found Dawn still busy with the twins so he went to his father, who was sitting and meditating. Eventually Chaiko felt his son’s eyes on him and emerged from his pondering. He grabbed the boy in a fierce embrace. “I will never hide from you. Never leave you. We must make sure that you grow up strong to bear the burden of Bogan’s name and reputation. But you will always know who your father is.” Yael looked back at him seriously, and in his eyes Chaiko saw the intelligence that was his heritage.
Baer, still wrapped up in his sleeping furs, came to consult with Chaiko. “We go today, I expect,” he said cocking an eye at his brother for confirmation.
“Tomakon wants to close out the Gathering and dismiss the clans. It should not take long as he is not keen on ostentation. By the afternoon we could be on our way.” Baer nodded and left, giving instructions as he went for people to pack their things. Tanya was soon fussing about, overseeing the preparations.
Ushi joined Chaiko with a wide grin on his face, stretching to show his contentment. He squinted and asked, “Why did you not tell me about Nebu sooner?” They both knew full well that Chaiko had. The shaman rounded on Ushi and said with a cutting edge to his voice, “Do not make the mistake of thinking of me like Bogan—for you know I am not. I am only his son.”
“Did I say that?” Ushi asked, feigning innocence.
“It is hard to figure out what all you say in a day and harder even to make any sense of it,” the shaman said, slashing out at his friend. He was not reconciled with his new status, his new role fitting him so uncomfortably. Alas he had come a full circle. As a cripple he had hid from people’s pity, now he was hiding from their adulation. He felt eyes on him and in their glare found himself unable to concentrate. This lack was turning him more and more irritable. Ushi kept quiet, recognising that the shaman was not up to their usual banter. He escaped Chaiko’s presence as soon as he reasonably could.
Crow then came and sat with Chaiko in a quiet companionable way. Bogan or no Bogan, Chaiko remained Chaiko to him, his age-mate and lifelong friend. He did not stay long, for he too had packing to do, but his presence was reassuring to Chaiko who had been the constant target of strange reactions from people. Chaiko needed Crow, now more than ever. He sensed how the reputation he had inherited was isolating him. He was less assured of people relating to him in a normal, human way. What would a lifetime of such attitudes do to a man? His poor mother, forced to hide her love and children from prying eyes. Poor Bogan!
Suddenly a horn sounded and Stow was running around trying to find the horn so Standing-Rock could reply to the summons. From all around horns started up and amidst the blaring, people streamed toward the central space. The ground of the close was badly trampled; it was no longer the pristine, grass covered enclosure it had been. In places it was muddy, in places it was dust swirling over hard-packed soil. People found spots to stand on, some searching out friends to exchange farewells. The procession of standards took their place amidst a tumult of noise. Everybody yelled in some tribute to this Gathering.
Then, without any ceremony, Tomakon rose and addressed the multitude. “We have been here a good while communing with each other, making and renewing friendships, locking them in our hearts. We have been well entertained. We have been well taught. We thank therefore our hosts for their many generosities and courtesies. Thank you Black-Pearl and thank you Corrigan Lebow for your wise direction. We shall remember this Gathering... fondly.” Tomakon, the new Head-Shaman of all the clans, bowed toward the Black-Pearl Clan to growing accolades. Tomakon then stretched out his arms for silence and slowly the noise abated so he could speak again.
“But now it is time for each of us to think of home. Time to say good bye to the friends we have made. Time to pack and to prepare. Time for a safe journey home. Thus I declare this Gathering ended and I wish you all well until the next time we meet...” He paused, dramatising the moment. Where would they meet next? “...four years hence...” Where? Where? Where? the crowd badly wanted to know. “At Pelican Sands.” A tremendous shout of approval greeted his words. Pelican-Sands had everything: wide, sandy beaches; bountiful marshes in the river estuary; open grassland; woodlands; and hills within easy reach, guaranteeing a variety of food. A great choice, everyone agreed.

So it was that by the afternoon, clan after clan broke camp and headed off in all directions. Chaiko barely had time to say goodbye to Tomakon. The old shaman grabbed and squeezed his hand fondly. “It is good we have found you my young friend, son of Bogan. I am Head-Shaman for the time being, but be ready, for at my age one does not know how much time one has left.”
Chaiko returned the old man’s smile affectionately; the man had known his father and thus was a vital link with the past. “See you next time old-timer,” he said giving the hand a final squeeze.
“I hope so,” Tomakon replied, his face suddenly dissolving in a confusion of wrinkles.
Lefay also had a few words of parting. “Take good care of yourself for we need you. Our numbers are growing, the clans are getting bigger, but so are our neighbors. We need tact and wisdom to face our future.”
“Both of which you possess to the full,” Chaiko quipped back.
Pelican-Sands had the honor of leading the breakout from camp, the idea behind it being for them to hurry home to start their preparations for the next Gathering. Standing-Rock accompanied Lesser-Bear-Claw as the two clans headed west.
Ile was walking beside Tanya, taking turns carrying Csama who had grown again and was noticeably heavier. “This has been a most remarkable Gathering, is all I can say,” Ile said half wonder-filled.
“How so?” Tanya asked, wanting to know what her friend found so significant.
“Well, Baer was elected Chief of all clans. You were made a member of the Council of Women. Chaiko defeated Corrigan Lebow and forced him from his high perch. Then we find out that the two brothers turn out to be sons of Bogan. Do you not find that astounding?” Ile asked in her turn.
“Yes I do. All of that and more. We women have won something. More than just a little respect.”
Ido who had joined them now interjected, “All the same, I am sure glad to leave this place. By the end the whole camp smelled and there was garbage everywhere. It will be so good to get home.” There was an accent of longing in her voice. Tanya and Ile exchanged quick looks; yes, a moon can be a long, long time.
Crow and Lana caught up to them. Lana was humming a melody and Crow tried to imitate her but soon had to give up. His ears got confused and he had no memory for the placement of the sound. Lana encouraged him but it was a tremendous effort. Ruba and Cora, who had been suffering heroically just behind them, could finally relax. Impishly Cora sang a complex up and down run of tones and had Ruba replay them in his range. Then they mixed their sounds, building to a beautiful duet. Lana cast a reproachful look at them but knew it to be payback for Crow’s ill-fated attempts at being musical.
Gill, Ela and Rea followed in another group, flanked by Ushi and Nebu. Ork was off with Sosa as usual, no doubt perpetrating some mischief or other. “I hope that was the last we see or hear of Tael,” Ela said fervently. Gill, who never failed to be supportive of her, was so now. “Not likely at all. But his loss is my great gain,” he said gallantly, squeezing her around her waist and giving her his special sideways look. She responded instantly and the two cast about for a likely place to have a pleasant interlude. Rae, who knew all their quirks and habits better than his own, looked after them benignly.
“Where are they going?” Ushi asked as if he could not guess.
“To pick flowers.” Rae used the well-worn euphemism.
“To pick flowers?” Ushi made a great show of not understanding. Nebu whispered something in his ear and then he whispered back. She giggled, reddened and cast her look shyly at the ground, but her steps became sprightly and light.
He looked at her with adoring eyes. “Nebu, where have you been all my life?”
She blushed with pleasure again but retorted archly, “You had to find me eventually, for you have been everywhere else.” Ushi guffawed appreciatively. Nebu felt very, very lucky to have found two good men in a single lifetime.
Chandar and Tara walked by themselves, talking in a confusing mixture of languages, partly Clan, partly Tolmec and even a vestige of Ekulan. “Do you remember the time we had to squeeze past the cave bear?” Tara asked. The “do you remember” was in Clan, the “cave bear” in Ekulan, the rest in Tolmec.
“Yes, I remember it all too well. The other night I even dreamt of it. I had to wonder what would have happened if Chaiko had not carried a pocketful of honey-seed cakes.”
“Chaiko would have got us past the great beast some other way. Don’t forget he was the last person out and he had no seed-cake left to pay for his passage! Yet he made it.” Tara was proud to call Chaiko her leader and felt good to be heading home. She had met Chandar’s family and won their grudging approval; their reluctance was at least understandable for who would want a Tolmec mixing in their blood lines? It was a confusing set of feelings not knowing what to call one’s home. No longer Tolmec that was for sure; that left only the Green Valley cave. My home. As she walked she twirled her staff from hand to hand, the wood whirling through the air.
“Watch it!” Chandar called in warning. The staff instantly stopped, narrowly missing Tay who came running up from behind.
The procession was strung out, with the two clans mixing freely. Laars was talking with Baer and Chaiko along with Otter-Cry.
Laars was saying, “Four years is a long time.”
“It surely is,” Baer confirmed. “Let’s you and I make plans to have our clans meet, perhaps somewhere halfway between us.”
“Cosh will surely know just the right place,” Tusk put in gladly, for he had many friends among the Lesser-Bear-Claw Clan.
“Where is Cosh anyway?” Laars asked looking about.
“He is up ahead scouting,” both Baer and Tusk said at once.
“What is there to scout?” Laars asked surprised. “We all know the way.”
“It is in his blood,” Baer explained, shrugging his shoulders. “He has to be first. Anyway he is out hunting for some real meat to get the taste of fish out of our mouths.”
“I like fish, but I like it less after having had so much of it.”
Just behind them, the two shamans trudged along quietly. Otter-Cry, who was the older of the two, was nonetheless intimidated by Chaiko’s reputation, and could find only a few words to say. Chaiko had already used up all his small talk with the man, trying to make him feel at ease without much success.
Stow and Kray walked together, keeping big Simm company, who was talking about his favorite subject, food and its preparation. It was noticeable that he spoke almost exclusively about red meat; it appeared he too had grown tired of fish and other swamp things to eat. Still, he could not have suffered too much, as he had retained his customary full girth and maybe even added to it. He was longing for a chunk of roast. The other two could provide little of value to the exacting description of the culinary delights, since their mouths were too full of saliva that the description generated.
“I like a little dill with my meat,” Kray risked an opinion.
“Yes dill is nice, but so are tarragon, sage, fennel, mint, parsley, chives...” and on Simm went with the great enthusiasm that matched his body size. He had the other two drooling with a surfeit of juices. Stow was becoming hungrier by the minute.
Their women followed them at a short distance. Ame, as corpulent as her mate, looked at her man and confided to Yaya and Ulla that on account of their body size, it was hard to become intimate. They could not even rightly hug each other. The other two made sympathetic noises, but both secretly resolved not to value food above all other things. Ame was sweating with each step but showed no other sign of effort in keeping her body moving forward.
Dawn walked with Fire-Dancer and Hollow-Tree, changing up carrying the twins. Yael and Wild-of-Wind ranged beside them and the parents had to keep a sharp eye on them so they could not slip off on their own. They all talked of the Ekulan, and what their people were doing at this very moment. It was too early yet for the return of the elk.
“You know we will have to start back for home before the weather makes the way impassable,” Fire-Dancer said, saddened by the thought of leaving her sister. It would be very hard to have her heart in two places. “But we will be back, you can be sure of that.”
“Yes,” Dawn replied, her eyes misted with tears. “Yes of course. Maybe we will get to visit you again.”
“Your man is a very important person to your people,” Hollow-Tree said matter-of-factly. “I doubt if they could spare him.” However on seeing the tears in both their eyes, he hastily added, “But we can visit. I am not half as important.” Then he became contemplative. “Maybe we can set up regular trade runs between our people. We can certainly use bison pelts and you can use our elk hides. Nothing is as durable for footwear as elk. We would see each other more often then.” The girls seized upon the thought and their mood lightened somewhat. Hollow-Tree felt pleased with the idea he and Ushi had been discussing, and worked on the details of such an exchange.
The procession had reached the hills and they called a short halt beside a clear spring. People ate and washed themselves. Cora begged that she be allowed to say goodbye to Singing-Rock. She was so pitiful in her eagerness that Baer, after consulting with Laars, decided that all of them would make the short detour and see and listen to this wonder. Laars replied, “It is good so. I do not want to overtake the Killebrew. Rowan is a nice fellow but he goes on and on about things and his conversation has no end. Yes by all means let us listen to this Singing-Rock. We might even camp there for the night.” The leader checked the position of the sun.
Cosh and the hunters returned with two deer and people looked forward hungrily to a good meal. 
Accordingly the two clans arrived at Singing-Rock and shouted into the split. A confusion of echoes came back, muddied by the undisciplined eagerness to hear oneself. Cora, who felt very possessive of the phenomenon, tried to bring some order into their attempts, unsuccessfully. She felt sorry that she brought them all here, to trespass on her treasure spot. Finally, she had to cover her ears and run away from the tortured sound evoked from the Rock facade. After a while, people grew tired of shouting and settled down, waiting for the venison to be ready. It seemed to take ages before the meat was properly roasted, all the while the aroma teased their appetites beyond endurance. Finally the meat was served and people ate with gusto. It wasn’t nearly enough to feed all the numbers, but in this case a change of taste was more important than bulk.
Lana and Cora then gave a concert bouncing their voices off Singing-Rock, harmonizing with their own echoes. The haunting beauty of the sound raised shivers of pleasure on people’s backs. The fire burned with energy, crackling on the hardwood. Sparks flew into the air, like fireflies into a cloud of sound.
After it was just Cora alone singing and the Rock replying. Then even the less knowledgeable among them began to notice the low notes coming back from the fissure. Lana was re-enacting for them how she and Ruba had been joined (for life) by a thin thread of sound. The performance was enchanting, as Cora put her whole soul into it; forgetting all the people listening, she sang with all her love in her voice, all returned with great tenderness. Lana started to cry silently, and soon all the women were crying while their men were wondering what had gotten into them. The song faded reluctantly. Ruba emerged from somewhere, his eyes brilliant; the concert was another testimonial of how much he was loved. He went and held Cora’s hand. The echo and its shadow, meant for each other.
With his back against the stone wall that faced Singing-Rock, Chaiko was thinking of Corrigan. What would happen to the man after his disgrace? He was still the shaman of Black-Pearl, but his prestige was in tatters. He could turn bitter and harbor resentment against the rest, or maybe, hopefully revert to what he was before, a capable man serving his clan.
A shadow fell over the shaman, who was surprised to find Ruba in front of him. The young man looked troubled. Chaiko indicated for him to sit and Ruba let himself down across from the shaman. Chaiko waited patiently for the other to speak.
“Shaman… I want to claim this place for this is where my dreams turned into reality. Somehow I need to commemorate that Cora and I were here and found each other. But how can I do that? Perhaps my father would have known. Probably would have painted something appropriate…”
Chaiko looked around at all the smooth stone walls and realized with a jolt that Malek would have indeed been looking at the surfaces, wanting to paint them. On the north side, there was a recess in the façade, as if made for it. Farther back, anything on the walls would be protected from the weather and the erosion of time. Chaiko looked closely at Ruba, marveling that the son of an artist had inherited his father’s need for expression. Just as he, Chaiko, had inherited his father’s drive to know and serve. He found the thought comforting.
“Ruba, I can see how this place is important to you… but it is important to all of us. It belongs to all the clans… and to all the people who will come after us. If we make a claim… then for all of us… even for those yet unborn.”
“But how? I don’t know how to put that in a drawing.” Ruba frowned as he thought and Chaiko frowned along with him.
“Do you remember,” Chaiko mused aloud, “that when the Tolmecs defaced your father’s paintings, how Malek restored them afterwards, erasing their handiwork? Yet, we left a Tolmec handprint, a right and a left, to remind us of their incursion.” Ruba nodded. “That is what we should do here. Hand prints. But not just you and Cora, all of us… to be a reminder that beauty belongs to everyone.”
“Yes… of course!” Ruba jumped up excitedly. “I will find colors… you gather the people up.” Then he was away in a great rush.
In the fading light of the setting sun the Standing-Rock and the Lesser-Bear-Claw all lined up. Ruba, one by one, had them place a hand on the rock face, then blew a tube full of color at the splayed hand until the outline of the hand emerged from the stone. He used charcoal, ochre and ash white. In no time handprints covered the entire corner of the recess, giving witness that all had been there.
“Let this show for all time that people have been here and took great joy in the gift of sound we found here. With our handprints we signify that we are all kindred… brothers and sisters joined by the same dreams… more alike than different. Let this painting be a witness of us.” Chaiko found himself strangely choked up. Now the mute wall had a voice that would speak to distant generations, long after he, the shaman, and all of the clans were gone. The others gazed reverently at the hands waving at them from the wall. Subdued, they returned to their fires, speaking softly not to disrupt the awe each one felt.

The fires collapsed, succumbing to the deepening darkness. Only an occasional spark jumped into the air for one final wild ride to wink out forever. People settled down, trying to find a comfortable spot for their hips on the unfamiliar ground. Baer and Chaiko remained by the main fire, quietly listening to the night.
“It has been an interesting Gathering,” Baer finally voiced his thoughts. “It has changed things.”
“Do you think so? We are now Bogan’s sons. But are we any different?” Chaiko mused to himself.
“I can feel people around us treating us differently,” Baer said flatly as if that were an unwished-for result.
“You know Bogan was right about not revealing us,” Chaiko concluded. “We would have become only half of what we are now. Fame has such a terrible price. And we will have to protect our children from it.”
“Yes we must. And yes, Bogan was right about most things.” Baer nodded, then added, “We were lucky to have had two good fathers.” They then lapsed into silence, each thinking of the different way they had arrived at their present stature.
Chaiko wondered yet what would they find at home. About Calla and Emma, left behind. Then he swore abruptly, “By thunder and wind!!”
“What?” Baer asked, interrupted in his thoughts.
“I had so wanted to find out about spirit things and spirit power at this Gathering,” Chaiko said regretfully. “I find myself no closer to understanding. Maybe there are no spirits at all. It is like chasing shadows.”
“Well if anybody can catch a shadow, or make water remember, then it is you...” his brother offered.
“Maybe. But why do I have to be the one to find these things?”
“Because you are Bogan’s son,” came the ready reply.
There was no answer to that. They stared into the glowing heart of the fire, to the small tongues of flame dancing about the embers, variously changing colors, from glowing orange to ash white at every puff of air. Like long generations of men before and after, they were fascinated by the faithful servant fire, yet both knew the horrible greedy nature that lay just behind the tame exterior. Feed me, the fire compelled.
Chaiko sighed deeply, looking at his brother and his clan sleeping around them on the ground. He wondered what the future held for the Standing-Rock Clan. But then that was the shaman’s job to ponder the imponderable. So what was it about spirits? Are there any or are there none?

Epilogue
Four years had passed and the Standing-Rock Clan was getting ready for the Gathering at Pelican-Sands. The supplies were packed, ready for the trip on the morrow.
Chaiko stood on the brow of Cave Hill with his family. Yael had turned into a lanky boy with the serious eyes of his father. Sun was energy itself, always in motion. His twin, Moon, was more settled, seeing beauty in the summer view of the lush grasslands of Green Valley. She and three year old Sasa put their heads together giggling. Not far off Makar called, “Sasa, have you packed everything you need?”
Chaiko was pointing. “We go southeast tomorrow to meet up with friends again. To the northeast are the Ekulan who are part of your heritage. To the Southwest are the Tolmecs and I am still their Spirit Guide. They are a hard people, slow to change, but at least they are trying. Beyond them lies the great unknown. A host of people speaking different languages practicing their own customs. Perhaps I will get to see them. I hope so.”
“I want to see them now,” Sun insisted, his hand reaching toward the west.
“Someday you will, my son. Someday you will,” Chaiko said, placating him. Dawn looked up at him, wondering: was that a prophecy?
The End							 		

