Trig III

ipam




Smashwords Edition Copyright 2015 Pamela Joan Barlow Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




Present day

Day 21
city of Playtus
grave yard

I view the mound of fresh red dirt. I feel depressed, smelling the fresh soil.
A dead body on Playtus is directly dumped into a deep hole then covered with a mound of fresh red dirt, allowing the maggots to feed off the flesh and bone while fertilizing the dry soil. There isn’t a presentation or funeral event. The body is covered.
Three days later, you’re invited to the viewing platform, seeing the rise of the dull mound in peacefully respect.
I hold an umbrella over three heads, fighting off the rain while the moisture brightens the old mounds of dirt, like a fresh dig. The little girl, on my right, plays with her cell, when I bump into her arm.
“Okay, Gloriette,” the little girl whispers then frowns with annoyance. She whips the arm, containing her wrist cell behind her back, giggling and viewing the dirt.
Gloriette’s mama swings around then nods to her daughter, holding the umbrella over the three heads. She signals the end, giving respect to the dead.
I back step, holding the umbrella, walking towards the DOB horse-and-carriage.

Building Five. sitting room
I view the family photographs on the wall in the hallway, smelling the baked goods. The sitting room overflows with elderly women, pampering the new mama and the newborn babe. I feel humorous.
Valmy’s family has selected the theme color of blue baby, for their identification social mark, within the dull city of Playtus. The baby blue clothing, jewelry, and streaks of colored paint on top of the skulls, greatly compliment, their natural coloring of peach skin tone and black hair.
The Faywood family dresses in emerald green, complimenting my light brown hair, along with my other family members. I am Gloriette, wearing a white shirt, faded ripped jeans, and my favorite cowgirl boots, not an emerald green party dress, yet, being, only, seventeen years and twenty one days old. After I have married and birthed a baby, I’m required to honor the dress code, as a belle of Playtus.
I view Valmy on the sofa, wearing her theme colored bathrobe, after delivering her child, three days ago. Her hair is matted. Her smile is real. Her tears stain the mood.
There is a Playtus tradition: visit the grave of the dead, before the birth of life.
I, along with my biological family, had come from the grave of the dead. The fresh red dirt mound was Valmy’s young husband, who died three days ago.
“The baby makes five generations of Wendovers,” the mama of Valmy smiles, holding the baby in the air.
The elderly women meekly clap, like society belles then quietly chatter, drinking sweet tea.
I live in the city of Playtus: flat, hot, gleaming tall and colored steel buildings, as far as, the eye can see. The buildings are ugly, housing both the residents and the businesses. Playtusians create, design, and produce electronic components for equipment, buildings, and cells. The metallic residual of the electronic components kills both the flowers and the trees.
The, only, pleasure of Playtus, here, is a new life.
I watch the elderly women take turns, holding the baby blue blanket, smiling at the new baby. I scan the crowded room, noting all widowers with my sadness.
Gloriette’s mama waddles, in her stiff dress, around both furniture and belles, extending her hand to her daughter, Gloriette.
I hand my tea cup to Madam DOB then stand, next to my mama.
Gloriette’s mama wraps her arm around her daughter, saying. “Gloriette, time to leave, child. Such a joyous time, Valmy looks radiant, being a new mother. The baby will be loved and cherished, for years and years.”
We glide down the stairs then into the transport towards our building inside a hovering mechanic horse and carriage, in shiny emerald green, identifying the Faywood family.

DOB horse-and-carriage
Her mama smiles and nods, sitting opposite of Gloriette on the bench seating. “The baby was beautiful. Do you agree, Gloriette?”
I view my boots, touching the new interior of the new carriage leather. “Who cares about other babes?” I feel frustration.
Her grandmother smiles and nods, sitting next to Gloriette. “Valmy’s baby is adorable. Her building is buzzing with new life. Babies spit up and poopy, a lot, along with sleep. That’s all the little pumpkins do, until they are about three months old.”
Her great grandmother smiles and nods, sitting next to her granddaughter. “I will be blessed, when you have a baby, Gloriette. Five generations!”
I exhale, kicking the air, sitting on one of two hovering benches, “And, what about love, or chemistry, or plain old luck, mama dearest?”
Her mama sours. “Gloriette! This is precisely, why I didn’t bother to discuss teen issues with you. Now!” She smoothes the satin of her dress then smiles. “When you arrive, within a more pleasant and mature adult mood, I’ll be happy to explain love, men, marriage, and babies?”
Her great grandmother smiles, nodding. “Remember, when Valmy’s grandmother held the baby in the air, then she said, five generations.”
I exhale, viewing the floor. “O joy!” I feel isolation.
Her grandmother says. “Did ya see all the boxes of gifts for Valmy’s baby? The boxes reached the top of the ceiling, in the wall corner, near the window. I enjoyed, viewing the city street, below. Their building contains three more levels of flooring than ours. Did you know that, dear? However, the grass landscape is lacking a tree house, like ours.” She giggles, viewing Gloriette.
Her mama says. “Remember, we are all scheduled to visit the other two new mommies in Building Three and Building Eight, this afternoon. We have sewn a set of bonnet and cape, as birthday gifts, for the baby girls, in both pink and purple. Babies grow fast. When you, Gloriette…”
“Mama,” I frown at the window of solid pavement and cement, not seeing any pretty flowers or tall trees.
Her mama smiles, “We re-dyed Gloriette’s baby clothes into Valmy’s theme color of baby blue for the newborn. Then, when Gloriette has her own child Valmy will re-dye the baby clothes back into emerald green, our family ID.”
Her great grandmother smiles and nods. “Five generations of Faywood, living on Playtus, too.”
I exhale then frown with disappointment. “Is that it, for me, a baby? Is that my entire life, a mother? What about my independence of my life, with exploration? What about my happiness in my life, with a husband? What about romance for me in my life, with a boy? I’m only seventeen years old and twenty…”
The carriage stops with the conversation.

Building Two
I walk under the veranda into the entrance hall of the building, my home, number two. Playtus is limited on real estate, so a family unit lives, within one apartment floor of a tall building.
The Faywood family owns and occupied one entire building with thirty plus floors.
I stomp pass two Madam DOBs, guarding the outer space of the entrance hall.
DOB, dummy operational body, like a robot.
Playtus creates and programs each DOB for assistance work, around the businesses and the houses.
Her mama, grandmother, and great grandmother sit on the hover chairs, inside the elevator.
I smell the fresh metal of new inlays inside the new hover chairs.
Her mama fingers the elevator panel controls. “Does anyone want to stop by the kitchen floor for a snack?”
I shake my curls.
“How about a quick jog, around the track inside the fitness floor?”
I shake my curls.
“Do you need, for the elevator, to stop at the library floor, Gloriette? Have you finished the electrical assignment for the day?”
“Yes, ma’am!” I nod.
There is no school structure on Playtus.
I learn with independent study, under the guidance of my mama and her vast business knowledge. I am learning to program the newly built electronic components, which is provided by the other Playtus family units, too.
The components are sold and shipped to the city of Starrtus. The Starrtus engineers assemble the individual parts from Playtus into working electrical products. Starrtus sells and ships their products to other cities, throughout the world.
I feel loneliness, having limited friends, around my teen age.
Playtus is a brute environment, since the metal remnants of toxic metal residual pollute both the air and the soil, killing the flowers, the grass, the animals, and the unhealthy people.
She presses the button. “We shall lounge in the sitting room, this afternoon.”

33rd  floor. Sitting room
I flip though the pages, seeing my great grandmother, age of seventeen, with her young husband, plus a newborn babe. Then, I flip the page, seeing a photo of my grandmother, her young husband, and their newborn babe. I flip the page, seeing my mama, my daddy, and me.
There are hundreds of snapped pictures with the three different happy and smiling young couple inside the books. The interior walls, only, contain the birth to teen years of each baby for viewing.
I smell the new fabric of the drapes, clinking to the window frames.
Her mama nods. “The family collection of old photographs is a permanent exhibition, here, in our home, displaying many, many generations. The collection of photographs is both very important and very required.”
I flip the page. “Very important and very required!?” I giggle. “Ya make a baby sound, like a requirement of worldly existence, Mama.” I view her, smiling. “A baby is the perfect union of love, between a man and a woman.” Then, I grin, feeling anticipated-affection.
Her great grandmother winks. “She got it, right!”
I view the photo. “When did my daddy die, Mama?”
“A little, after your birth,” her mama says then sips the beverage.
I view my grandmother. “And, when did my grandfather die?”
Her grandmother nods. “Your mama was a very young thing, when he passed.”
I frown. “What ailment did Valmy’s husband die of?”
Her grandmother says. “He was sick on Starrtus. The transport ride from Starrtus to Playtus weakened his healthy condition. He couldn’t be saved, here.”
I frown. “He couldn’t be saved, here. We don’t have a medical physician, or a medical center. Why didn’t we have a proper medical care for the sick, here, Mama?”
Her mama nods, smiling. “Playtusians didn’t become sick, darling.”
I frown. “Valmy’s husband did, and then died, because of the lack of medical attention.”
Her mama frowns. “Vacant property doesn’t exist within Playtus. Every square feet of pavement is occupied by a building with numerous family units, making electronic components for Starrtus. This is our city money for existence, Gloriette. A medical center needs a home, dear. Do you want me to give up our home for a medical building? Since, you want to stretch your independent knowledge, at the tender age of seventeen-years old?”
I exhale and frown at my mama. “How do I pick my man, Mama? There are no young guys in my building. I haven’t seen any boys, along the row of buildings, either, where we live for the past seventeen years and twenty…”
“Trig selects your mate, based on your paired biological and chemical attributes.” Her mama nods and smiles. “I met your daddy in Trig and fall in love, instantly, at first sight. That love ritual was repeated with your grandmother and great grandmother, also. You see, how happy we all are in the still photos, sweetheart.”
I feel confusion.
I exhale. “Okay! In this, Trig thing, I meet the selected boy, and then get married, and then have a baby. I’m only seventeen years and twenty…”
Her mama sours. “The issue is very extremely rare, for a loving family, to have five individuals, from the same blood-line, making five generations, and marking our dynasty on Playtus, forever. I was married and birthed you, at seventeen, too. I am currently 35 years old. Your grandmother married and birthed me, at seventeen years old, too. She is currently 52 years old. And, bless her heart, your great grandmother is 69 years old.” She smiles and nod to her grandmother, great grandmother of Gloriette.
I frown, scanning the smiling faces around the table.
Her great grandmother nods and smiles. “Heard tell, the hot gossip. The Havitto family, who wear that tacky mint green, like sour grapes, is expecting a newborn. Her daughter awaits the baby delivery in the city of Starrtus. Her great grandmother is only 66 years old. And, we, hearty Playtusians, live to be over 90 years old.”
I exhale, frowning with both shock and disgust.
Her mama parts her lips, viewing her daughter. “My word, that would be, the first ever, sixth generation of Playtus family unit. Gloriette!?”
I exhale. “Naw, Mama! And, if I don’t desire him, in Trig? Or, I don’t like him, in Trig? Or, he can’t stand my brown hair, in Trig?” I feel puzzlement.
Her mama sours. “Gloriette, you’re nervous, since you’re approaching womanhood. I was both nervous and anxious. Trig has existed for two centuries. You’re the product of two centuries. Darling, the palace at Starrtus is a lovely atmosphere, creating a beautifully special occasion for love, romantic, marriage, and birthing a newborn. Please, try to enjoy your future!”
The building door chimes.
I stand. “My friends, Yeillie and Luqx…”
“These little girls are little girls, being twelve years old. You should make new friends, around your teen age, darling,” frowns her mama.
I sour. “And, where? How? Who? What? Why?” I feel rebellious.
“Gloriette has a fighting spirit, like her daddy.” Her great grandmother winks, smiling and giggling.
Her mama orders. “They can stay and play for an hour, no more. I need to review your homework and assign you, a new mathematics theorem.”
I nod, “Yes, ma’am. We’re going into my tree house for some academic studying. I’m actually assisting them with some trigonometric. Ya know, a real mathematical sign of a circle inside a triangle.” I feel excellent-greatness.

My tree house
I slip off my cell, standing from the archway and fiddling with the electronics. “I’m going to show ya’ll, some really good stuff.”
“How many cells have you busted, this year, Gloriette?” Yeillie laughs. “That’s a new one, since last week. If I busted my cell, my mama would sell it, or fix it, or bust me.”
“What are your doing, Gloriette?” Luqx asks, walking away from Gloriette, going around the corner of the wall.
I say. “I destroy a cell, when I tap into the electronics, but I order a new one from Building 99.”
Yeillie sours. “You’re not supposed to do that, Gloriette.”
I grin. “Know that!”
Luqx asks, “How come your mama don’t notice the new cell?”
I frown at her. “I wear the old broken one around the house and on my wrist, pretending to talk to you, Luqx. Then, she don’t get suspicious of my evil doings.” I laugh, feeling awesomeness.
Luqx nods. “That’s breaking the rule, Gloriette.”
I giggle. “Know that,” I feel superior, now. I sit inside the sofa, fiddling with my cell. “Luqx, quit snooping around the place! Come and sit down!”
Yeillie appears eating fruit, grinning with food particles. She sits on the sofa, staring at the plasma.
The plasma shows silver and white static lines.
Luqx yells. “I love your tree house, Gloriette! There are two separate rooms for sleeping, a bathroom, and a balcony for targeting the birds with flying pellets. Can I live here, tonight?”
Yeillie smiles. “She don’t wanna do her e-pone equations.”
Luqx bounces on the chair. “Yeah! And, I wanna be, alone. My mama follows me around, poking on my arm.” She views her arm.
I say. “I got an image.”
Luqx sits on the other side of Gloriette, staring inside the cell of Gloriette. She smiles, saying. “O! What’s that yellow stuff showing on your cell, Gloriette?”
Yeillie frowns with puzzlement, staring the cell, too. “How’da ya do that, Gloriette?”
I smile. “All cells produce invisible waves, talking to other cells. I tapped into a new invisible wave. Done!” I raise the cell at the static on the plasma.
A beam from my cell touches the plasma then a picture appears.
Yeillie frowns and fingers the plasma. “I know that. A wave frequency allows all electronic components to talk to each other. That’s how the air ships fly. The air carriages hover. And, I get DOB to clean my room, while my mama thinks, it be me.” She giggles
Luqx smiles, touching the object, saying. “I got a necklace cell. The newest invention, by the Starrtus engineers, made of copper. Copper is anti-magnetic element with high thermal and electrical conductivity functions.”
I frown at the smart young girls. “And, based on my research, the yellow stuff is called sand, making up a beach landscape. The sand texture is hard, rough, but ya can fall on top of it, not get harmed.”
Yeillia fingers the plasma. “Is the blue water flowing back and forth on the screen?”
I read the cell with the new information from my genius fiddling. “A beach contains both sand and ocean water, which is salty, like Luqx’s crackers. And, the crackers are, making a messy on my floor, Luqx.”
Luqx chews, watching the plasma. “Call the DOB to clean up your tree house! My mama does it, all the time, when I make a messy with my stuff.”
Yeillia asks. “I wanna visit a beach. Where is that at?”
I frown, studying the hologram map. “In the middle of the world, it’s hotter than here, on Playtus.”
The plasma blinks into blackness.
Yeillia frowns. “Why happened?”
“I can’t hold the pretty image for long, without another wave signal, diffracting the frequent.” I fiddle with the cell, using the screwdriver. “Got it back.” I frown at the image. “That ain’t the beach.”
Yeillia says. “The pavement is white.”
I smile. “That’s not rough cement pavement, like here, on Playtus. It is called snow.” I read the cell, while it projects the image, without sound. “Snow is soft, cold, and small flakes of frozen ice.”
“So, pretty! The white shines, like one of the electronic parts in my mama’s storage room.” Luqx nods.
The plasma blinks black, again.
Luqx fingers the plasma. “Why does the picture, go away?”
I fiddle with the cell. “I’m not allowed to access wave frequents between the world cities. Since, my mama says, no.”
Yeillia giggles. “You say, yes. Then, ya break your mama’s rules. I do that, too, when I want some bad dessert, after bedtime.”
I nod. “And, my mama don’t offer any explanation, just, the sour puss face. So, I come in here and tap into the electronics then see the pictures of the other cities. I can’t get any type of sound.” I fiddle with the cell.
The plasma shows a high room with a boy and a girl, kissing each other.
I stare at the plasma. “Wow!” I feel excited-nervousness.
“What’s that?” Luqx chews.
I shake my curls. “I think, it’s a wedding. I remember, seeing some pictures in our family photo album, just, like that. There’s a big tall room with viewing windows. Then, a man and a woman stand side by side and then they hug. Then, they get married.” I feel sweaty-nervousness.
“Then, the plasma goes black,” giggles Yeillie.
My cell dinks.
I view the young girls, smiling. “My mama’s calling me. Okay, girls! That’s your trigonometry lesson, for the afternoon. And, do not tell your mama about the pretty neat images on the plasma. Or, we don’t sneak around my tree house, again? Okay?”
“Shore.” Yeillie nods, scooting off the sofa, then climbs the ladder out of the tree house.
Luqx nods, following her down, exiting the tree house, too.

My private bedroom
I halt at the archway of my room, seeing the small box. I, just, destroyed my cell, a few minutes ago, inside the tree house, feeling confusion. I part my lips, smiling. “I got a new cell, already. Madam DOB loves me.” I jerk the broken one off.
I open the box, staring at new shiny one in copper. I glide it over my arm, feeling the smooth metal then hold the tiny screwdriver. I purposefully like to continue my fiddling within the internal electronics of each new cell, accessing the limited vocal radio frequents from Gambo, Starrtus, or Tidie, illegally. I can’t make out the voices, but enjoy, hearing the different sounds from Playtus.
I hold the fine short tiny screwdriver, standing then kick the chair. “Hot.” I drop the screwdriver then touch my face, wobbling out my room. “Mama, I’m hot. Heated. I feel hot.”
Her mama appears inside the archway of her daughter’s bedroom, frowning with worry. “Are you feeling well, honey? You’re very flush, showing a pinky-pink tone on your smooth pearly skin, girl.” She touches Gloriette on the forehead, frowning with concern. “You’re sweating. Are ya carrying a fever? A sore throat? You eyes look very clear.”
I fold at the waist, dropping to the floor with dizziness. “Hot.”
She holds her daughter, smiling. “Gloriette, time has come. I’m calling the medical unit. You’re going to be fine. Close your eyes and relax, child.”
I touch my arm, burning with fire then slump towards the floor, unconscious.



Day 22
City of Starrtus
bedroom suite number 25

“Good morning.”
I blink, seeing an emerald green colored robot. “What are you?”
“I am Madam DOB. You are Gloriette Faywood.”
I tumble from the bed, still wearing my faded jeans and dirty boots, from yesterday, pathing towards the small kitchette of a few appliances, like a stove and sink with eating counters. “Know that. Coco.” I order the small oven to prepare a hot beverage then examine the burn mark on my arm.
The coco steams then whistles upon the hot oven eye.
“You come from the city of Playtus. I, too, come from the city of Playtus, Building Eighty seven. I am a dummy operational body. You are a young female…”
I grab the steaming coco, saying. “Tell me, something, that I don’t know. Why am I here on Starrtus?” I narrow eyelashes at the room of viewing windows, without curtains. “Beautiful.” Starrtus is located on the North Polar caps of the world, feeling cold, snow, ice, and water.
“Trig.”
I stiffen, holding the coco then view my arm. “I don’t believe it. The rumors are true.”
“Your mama requested the implant, at your birth. And, you have been selected to participate in Trig. Of course, that is your choice, alone.”
I finish the coca, smiling. “I’m ready to fight for a man.”
“I am your DOB, from your family ID, throughout your participation of Trig, if you choose to endure the process. The first step is a short introduction with our hostess, Princess Phillipina. She will summarize Trig. Then, the competition will begin.” The robot flashes a beam.
I two-step then toss the empty cup at Madam DOB.
Madam DOB catches it with mechanic hand.
I sour. “Do not test me, metal girl! I destroy surprises.”
The facial metal flexes upright, like a grin, on the DOB. “You possess quick reflexes for a seventeen year old female. I am impressed with your glowing healthy and fighting spirit. You will do well, being measured against the younger more agile females.”
“I plan on winning a man.”
Madam DOB hovers near the wardrobe closet. “The selected event, usually, requires a perfumed bath, before the selected perfumed fluffy wardrobe, compliments of Starrtus.”
I view the closed front door of my room. “You’re annoying my girly panties. Where’s the meeting with the princess?” I turn towards the exit of my room.
Green colored Madam DOB lifts from the floor, gliding ahead of her charge. “Please, follow me!”

Starrtus auditorium
I halt in the archway, smelling sweat from my dirty clothes and body. I feel anxious. I see rows of teen females in various colored hair roots, skin tones, and clothing.
All are participating in Trig for a groom of love, a father of child, and a companion for life.
The teen males sit across an empty aisle from the teen females.
I scoot then sit in an empty chair.
Female: tall, sexy, blonde, light skin, burnt orange gown, and gloves. She smiles, saying. “Hey, girl! I’m Jacidee.”
“I’m not.” I watch the older female.
Female: petite, older, 50’s, blonde hair, pale skin. She strolls in an ankle-length black princess gown, wearing a key pendant around her neck. She climbs the stage then sits inside a throne-like chair on the elevated platform, alone. She studies the audience of teen girls and boys, not smiling.
Jacidee giggles. “You are Mademoiselle Gloriet…ta…ta…ta.”
Female: petite, long red hair, skinny, dark skin, pre-teen, pink gown, pink gloves. She swings to Jacidee, smiling. “Hey! You toot, like the DOB with a French accent.” She giggles, covering her mouth with her gloves.
Jacidee smiles at the petite young girl. “Good morning, I’m Jacidee.”
The petite red haired young girl smiles, “You have a twang to your speech.”
Jacidee slams Gloriette on the bicep, saying. “This is Mademoiselle Gloriet...ta,” then she giggles.
The petite red haired young girl nods and smiles. “Neekim, without the twang or toot,” she giggles, again.
Jacidee giggles. “Neekim…m. I like your name, Neekim…m.”
Neekim frowns with puzzlement. “How old are ya, Jacidee?”
“Sixteen,” Jacidee smiles.
“I’m twelve.” Neekim nods.
Female: plump, average height, black hair, dark skin, royal blue gown, royal blue gloves. She studies Neekim, saying. “I’m fifteen. Why would Trig assign someone, so young, a pre-teen?”
Jacidee winks at Neekim. “She be lucky, babe. I wished that I had known my soul mate at twelve years old. She can visit him in the city of Gambo, starting now, until they marry at eighteen years old?”
Neekim nods, smiling. “That’s good idea! I’m mentioning that one to my mama, also.”
“I’m Custar,” the plump, black haired female frowns at Neekim, “A soul mate at the age of twelve!? That sounds ridicule, to me…”
Neekim frowns. “Actually, I didn’t remember, seeing the actually male soul mates for my family, either my grandmother or my great grandmother inside my home. I’m from Building Six.”
Jacidee nods. “My daddy died, when I was very young, leaving my mama and me, alone. My building is number seven, housing only female residents, too. I treasure the thoughts of a male figure, living with us, even if, the male figure is my husband, from the backwards identification city of Gambo.”
Female: petite, slender, auburn hair, pink skin, purple gloves and dress. She sits beside Custar, frowning with puzzlement. “Hi, I’m Sechar. And, I don’t know anything about Gambo. But, I believe us to the backwards identification society on Playtus. We’re very proficient in destroying the landscape with both toxic metals and heated steam, making dang cells for everyone to communicate, about nothing. O! I’m from Building Nine. My family ID color is royal purple. Since, we’re all from Playtus, too.”
Jacidee pulls her gloves from the skin, asking. “Where’s Gambo? I left my cell at home. My arm was burning it off.”
I tap the dirt from my boot onto the floor inside the auditorium, sitting next to Jacidee and the wall. “Gambo is located near the southern tip of the world. Playtus is in the middle, mining for the rare metals, used in the electronics. Starrtus is on top of the world.”
Jacidee frowns. “What’s on Gambo?”
“Farms. Foods. Animals. Flowers. Trees. Grass,” I say.
“Uoo! I like farms with animals.” Neekim giggles.
Jacidee winks at the spying beau, behind her shoulder, “I like farmers.”
A silver tinted Madam DOB hovers beside Gloriette, saying. “Good morning, belles! Please, practice your society taught social graces from your mamas on Playtus with a quiet tongue plus a pair of rising cheekbones.”
I frown with puzzlement at the robot. “What does that mean?”
Jacidee giggles. “Smile.”
I fake a smile, staring the stage platform. I feel lost-confusion.
The older petite woman smiles, not standing, sits inside her throne chair. “Good delights! I am Phillipina. I run the Dominion, here, on Starrtus. All of you are not part of the Dominion. However, you are here for a very different reason…”
I stand, holding my arm, viewing the males. “I, just, wanna know which handsome dude matches my pink spot, and which ugly girl is ready to rumble for love, marriage, and a baby, to boot,” chuckling.
Phillipina frowns with annoyance. “Gloriette Faywood…”
I swing around to the princess, narrowing my eyelashes. “How do ya know my name, princess?”
She exhales. “Please, sit, Mademoiselle Gloriette! I will explain all. I am Princess Phillipina. But, please call me, Phillipina. I run the Dominion, here on Starrtus. All of you are from either, one of the cities, Playtus and Gambo, which is not part of the Dominion. However, you are, here, for a very different reason, your arm. Please, look closely at your anterior fold-skin. You will see a slightly swollen pink identification indentation. This is your sub-dermal implant.”
I view my arm, gently rubbing the pink spot with the white triangle, both sore and tender.
She smiles. “Welcome to Trig.”
I shake my curls, whispering. “Trig is a mathematical term for trigonometric. Trigonometric is the many observable functional relationships within a triangle.”
She nods. “Centuries ago, there was a war between the sexes, man versus woman. No one won. The men decided to establish a colony on Gambo; the women lived separately on Playtus. Before the populations dwindled down into zero population, the leaders of both cities asked the Dominion to intermediate, come between the sexes. Therefore, Trig was created. A child is born on Starrtus, due to the availability of a sterile medical center, and then each child born receives an implant, due to the technological advancement of the proper clinical procedures. The implant is controlled by Trig. Trig is, also, a combination of the implant, the computer, and you. When you and your soul mate are paired then you will be married on Starrtus, due to our beautiful facility. There are three functions of Trig: Sine, Tangent, and Cosine.”
I shake my curls, whispering. “The three trig functions, sine, cosine, and tangent, are very important in modeling any and all phenomena, associated with the performance parameters within the triangle.”
She smiles. “Sine is the shortest relationship between point A and point B. Point A to point B is the most direct direction, without interruption, within the science of mathematics. I have slightly modified the Sine definition, for you, coming from Gambo and Playtus. It is the shortest relationship between point A, a belle and point B, beau.” She giggles. “Trig is set up to make you think in romantic love, not mathematical logic. Tonight, you will find your local sine, not a distance star. Tomorrow afternoon, you will learn of the second function, tangent. The implant monitors all your vital biological and chemical levels, providing the real time and space between you and your soul mate.”
I sour, whispering for my eardrums, only. “Beautiful! My one time soul mate has been selected, and then can be freeze dried, like a piece of meat. Then, we can meet and lunch, be married, and be merry. Ta-da!”
Jacidee leans into Gloriette, grinning. “This is my, only, opportunity to claim my soul mate. There are no young males in my home, Building Seven, or the next buildings down the row for love.”
I frown. “I always wondered about…”
Phillipina nods. “This is the place, where you meet your mate, touching your heart for the rest of your life. The implant is a simple common radio frequent between both of your signals. Trig has paired each one of you, based on both mental personalities and social traits.”
The tall male smiles and stands, scanning the girls. “I agree with the cutie. How do I know which filly is mine?”
I sour. “Trig is a mating ritual.”
Phillipina says. “When your mate has been selected, by Trig, through some complex binary code created by your ancestors, the implant signals you, most painfully. First, you feel hot, then develop a fever, and finally, become unconscious. Every child experiences the sensation of Trig from both Playtus and Gambo. The choice is yours. However, if you decide to bypass this choice, today, and go home, there will be no mate. No marriage. No baby. No new generations of Playtusians and Gambians. I strongly encourage you to make your own decision, but I strongly suggest, you make the right one.”
I sour, whispering for my eardrums, only. “I want a mate.”
Jacidee nods, whispering for the eardrums of Gloriette, “Me, too, darling!”
The tall male stands, tossing his arms. “Yee-haw!” Then, he sits, slapping his buddy, nodding and chuckling with delight.
Phillipina smiles. “That is the fun part of pleasure. You will carry out an exploration study, used for eons, allowing you bright and gifted teens, to puzzle it out.” She fingers the circular wall of wood with no roof. “That is a wishing well. Legend says, if you toss a penny into the well, then your wish will come true. Therefore, we continue the fun tradition. Ladies, I would like for the first girl, in the first row, near the wall to raise and then come up the stairs. Please, retrieve a penny from the wooden railing for your single thought and then toss your penny into the wishing well. Then, I would like for the first girl to stand along the wall, until all the pretty girls have finished tossing in their pennies. I would like the handsome boys to form a line along the wall, please, mentally thinking your wish, also.”
The first girl stands then trips over her gown, not falling on her face. She recovers, beautifully then continues towards the stairs.
The Starrtus guard removes her chair, away from the other occupied chairs of belles.
She dumps the penny then stands against the wall.
I swing to my right, seeing the teen boys, appearing tall, short, bulky, or thin.
They wear a fancy colorful bowtie, a sports jacket, a pair of faded blue jeans, and a pair of polished cowboy boots, being more interested in studying the girls, rather than viewing the Wishing Well.
Then, I scoot from my chair and dump the penny, standing beside Jacidee.
Phillipina glides down the stairs, saying. “Please, both rows of teens come forward from the wall, forming two vertical lines. It is with the most rude of manners to leave any social gathering, without a proper introduction. Therefore, as I pass by your person, please, state your first name to me, starting with the lady, always first, then the gentleman on the opposite side of the lady.” She nods at the first lady against the wall.
“Neekim.”
“Aroho.”
“Custar.”
“Wickliffe.”
“Martella.”
“Taris.”
“Elbunt.”
“Bittman.”
“Docia.”
 “Zoar.”
“Okana.”
“Enon.”
“Dola.”
“Tohatci.”
“Sechar.”
“Dugway.”
The young lady smiles and curtsey to the princess. “Mademoiselle Jacidee.
The princess stops, views the girl, smiling, and then moves forward.
“Vrain.”
“Gloriette.”
“Bushton.”
“Kitts.”
“Prewitt.”
“Lalina.”
“Unakite.”
“Frazley.”
The young gentleman smiles and bows his skull at the princess. “Pox.”
The princess stops, viewing him. Then, she smiles and moves forward.
“Natoma.”
“Bushton.”
The young lady smirks and curtseys. “Mademoiselle Ametheta.
The princess stops, viewing and smiling at her. Then, she continues down the twin columns of teens.
“Liebalm.”
Phillipina steps away from the twin columns of teens, without looking back. She smiles, saying. “Have a good time, kids!”
I watch her disappear into a set of sliding doors built into the rear wall, feeling excitement.
Male: tall, muscular, blue sports jacket, jeans, red and orange cowboy boots, blonde hair, blonde facial whiskers, dark skin. He stomps forward from the row, smiling and saying. “I’m Prewitt, girls. Who’s my soul mate?”
Male: very tall, shoulder length red hair, dark skin, muscular. His long curls bounce along his board shoulders, ripping off his jacket and bowtie. He tosses them against the wall, smiling and shouting. “I be Unakite. I’m not waiting. I’m finding my soul mate, by my own exploration method, among the row of pretty girls.” He grabs the tall girl nearest him. He kisses her then sours with disgust. “Ugh! You taste, like vinegar, babe.”
She slaps his face then walks away.
I giggle, quick stepping from swarming boys, feeling giddy.
The boys and girls run around each other, giggling and laughing.
Unakite grabs the short girl, kissing her lips. “Ya taste bitter,” then, he mouth spits on the floor, frowning with a distorted face.
Male: short, black hair, dark skin. Ahrojo kisses the short girl then frowns with disgust, too. “Ya taste very acidic, babe.”
Neekim kisses then frowns with disgust at the tall boy. “Sour.”
“Tart.” Jacidee kisses then frowns at the cute boy.
“Ugly,” Prewitt chuckles, “Ya be one ugly girl. I hope you ain’t my soul mate, babe.”
She slaps his face.
He chuckles, grabbing the next girl next to his elbow, kissing her lips. He sours with a distorted face. “Dang! You taste salty.”
Unakite jerks the next girl next to his shoulder, kissing her pretty face. He sours with a distorted face. “Ya be sour, too.”
Custar kisses then frowns at the cute boy. She sours with her distorted face. “Sorry! You are funny tasting to my taste buddies, sir.”
Prewitt smiles, climbing on top of the stairs, tossing his arms. He yells. “Stop, ya’ll!”
The boys and girls turn and face him.
Prewitt nods, saying.  “The mystery is solved,” he fingers his arm. “Phillipina said. Our individual implant monitors our individual clinical levels. We’re, also, chemically paired, as well as, electronically paired.” He nods, fingering Unakite, saying. “She is sour tasting to your lips, Unakite. ‘Cuz, she ain’t your soul mate, bro. So, keep kissing another girl, or maybe, try the lips of a guy, Unakite,” he chuckles with the other teens.
Unakite gallops towards the stage platform with two exposed fists.
Bigger and taller brown haired Vrain blocks the attack of Unakite, saying. “Calm, dude! Go kiss the ugly girl! She be your soul mate, next…”
Prewitt jumps from the platform, stomping towards the girl. “Hi, doll! Can I kiss your pretty face?”
They kiss then pull back and both frown with distorted faces.
 He shakes his skull. “Naw!” He moves to the next girl, kissing her face.
They pull back, frowning with disgust, also.
She coughs. “Gross!”
They part from each other, pairing with another couple.
I back step from the huddles, giggling at the entertaining sight. I feel thrilled. Then, I see his handsome face, chuckling at the teens.
He is tall with long black curls, bouncing around his board shoulders. His black whiskers smile at the girl, who is watching him.
I slowly waddle towards tall, dark and handsome, when the hand grabs my arm. I swing around, seeing the tall, light, and handsome male. 
Prewitt smiles and nods. “Hi, babe! Gimme a kiss!”
“I…” cover my mouth from the male, trying to kiss. I thumb the other male behind my collar bone.
Prewitt frowns with confusion, seeing the other male then views the pretty female. “He’s ugly, sugar. I’m cute, like a bug. And, you be cuter, babe. I bet our salvia tastes sweet, like two pears. Did ya kiss him, yet?”
The black haired male walks to Gloriette and Prewitt, saying. He slaps his chest. “I be the one for her.”
Prewitt smirks with the challenge. “Wait your turn, buddy! I be the one for her.” He draws Gloriette closer to his heated body, pouting his lips for a kiss.
I pucker my lips, closing eyelashes then our lips touch. I gag, back stepping from Prewitt, wiping the nasty salvia from my mouth. “Ugh! Sour grapes.”
“Vinegar breath,” he shakes his skull, “Too bad, I really liked you and your feisty spirit.” He bows then turns into the new girl. He kisses her nose.
She giggles.
He gently kisses and touches her closed lips.
She giggles, again.
He smiles, “Hmm, you are warmth.”
Jacidee giggles, “I feel heated.”
He views Gloriette. “Hmm, she felt cold.” He kisses and touches her closed lips, again.
Jacidee kisses him then pulls back, smiling and nodding. “You feel soft.”
He smiles at Jacidee, nodding and chuckling. “You feel fine.”
“You are mine,” Jacidee giggles.
He chuckles, cuddling her.

Control room
Inside a hidden control room from the kissing teens, Phillipina pads to the monitoring table, studying the glass. She says to her assistant. “Newbind, link Pox to the girl’s implant.”
Newbind studies the glass monitor, asking. “Which girl, I am transferring Pox’s link signal, princess?”
She exhales then frowns with puzzlement. “Your guess is, as good as mine.” She studies the glass inside the auditorium of the kissing teens then fingers. “The brown haired girl near the wall, she is isolated from the rest of the females. Pox seems to have a fancy eyeball on her, standing near the girl.”
Newbind types on the computer the instructions of Pox’s signal. “Why is that?”
She smiles. “Teens!? I can’t understand them, or socialize with them, including my own son. And, why is Ametheta in the teen pod, this afternoon?”
“You must ask Ametheta that particular question for a specific answer, but I suspect she follows, where Pox’s leads.”
“She enjoys annoying Pox, while he enjoys annoying me. The cycle continues.”
“I should not adjust Gloriette’s implant for Pox’s taste,” Newbind chuckles. “You should let him learn his lesson.”
“I should. And, I shall not. When you have children, you will understand.”
“I enjoy the one-sex beings. I will never have children.”
She smiles. “Then, you’re smarter, than I.”
“I should, also, adjust the pairing of both the uncoupled Pox and Ametheta, then that would really annoy your son, princess.”
She smiles. “That would be amusing to witness, in the short term, but Pox likes to reciprocate the revenge with his nasty subtle touch.”
Newbind grins and tosses his arms, “Done! And, I have added a bonus, princess. There are an even number of teen boys and girls, making an even number of loving couples, within Trig. Ametheta will be receiving a very nice pleasure.”

Auditorium
Unakite frowns with confusion then back steps from the sour tasting belle. He spins right into a pretty tall girl with a long hair, wearing a tight fitting dress. “Grrr!” He swings her into his arms, smiling then kisses her face.
They surface.
He nods and smiles with surprise and delight. “You taste, like cinnamon. Ya be my soul mate, darling. And, you be a beauty, too.” He swings towards one of the open doors along the wall, dragging her over the floor. “Come on, doll! Let’s figure out, what other flavors me and you can make, together. I’m Unakite. What’s your name, cutie?”
“I’m not cinnamon. I am with…,” says Ametheta, fingering at Pox.
“Me.” Unakite enters the private room then slaps the door shut with his boot.
I entertainingly watch Prewitt and Jacidee giggle and kiss then cuddle and hug with jealousy. Two hands grab my waist, when I gasp then spin around. I smile at his tallness, darkness, and handsomeness. 
He slowly kisses the girl then pulls back, smiling. “Um! You taste, like mint candy.”
I smile, too. “You taste, like apple sauce.” I feel heated.
He swings around them towards one of the private room against the wall. He cuddles her into his chest then stops. “Two-step in front of me, sweetheart.” He grabs her arm, shifting her in front of the closed door.
I scoot in front of the door then jerk back my sore limb from his rough touch. “Ouch!”
He frowns with puzzlement, rubbing her arms. “I’m so sorry, darling. Please, I’d like for you to lift your implant towards my face.”
I exhale, fingering the pink square spot, where the implant burnt my skin.
He slowly dips his lips towards her arm, saying. “Open!”
The door before us slides open, silently.
I smile. “How’da ya do that?”

Private room
He shoves her into the room, saying. “You did that, darling! Trig has paired us. Therefore, the implants are connected…bonded, if you like. The doors are triggered by voice. The implants recognize both our voices. Therefore, you or I can open the door.” He swings her around, facing the open archway, nodding. “Try it, doll!”
I hold the implant to my face. “Close, please.”
The door slides shut, silently.
“This is so cool!” I feel nervousness.
He cuddles her, walking towards the long viewing window. “There’re lots more cool stuff on Starrtus.”
I giggle, leaning into the window, seeing the pretty landscape. “Poor pun, sir! Every thing is freezing cold, on the North Pole, of arctic Starrtus.”
He chuckles, leaning into her hair. “Trig has paired us, good. Every thing is, indeed, cold on Starrtus.”
I swing around, smiling.
He smiles, wiggling his finger from her soft chin then down to her soft shirt and then down to her soft belt. He views her feet, smiling. “I like your cowgirl boots.”
I back step from his gently touch, blushing with both coolness and hotness of sexy lust. “I’m never been a soul mate, before. What do we do, now?” I feel awkward, smelling his cologne.
He views the window then her, smiling. “I’m Pox, seventeen years old.”
I smile at my soul mate, “Gloriette, seventeen years old.”
Pox gently kisses her lips then smiles. “You’re a feisty hottie, Gloriette. I admire that.”
I giggle with happiness. “You’re a smart dude, Pox. I like.”
He views the window then her, exhaling. “I am sorry, that we’re paired by Trig.”
I frown with puzzlement, shaking my curls. “I don’t understand.”
He views the window then her, exhaling. “I don’t approve of Trig.”
I shake my curls, frowning with confusion. “I don’t, either. But, this is the only way for me to get married and have a child, living happily ever after on Playtus.”
He shakes his skull. “That’s the reason, right there, why I do not approve of Trig. I cannot live on Playtus. It’s a flat, hot ugly city.”
I nod. “I agree with the environmental state of my home city. We, both, can live on Playtus. Or, we can both live on Gambo. I’m never been to Gambo. Is it pretty, there?”
“Green plants and red soil,” he jerks the cell from the bowtie, pressing the buttons.
I gasp and finger the new cell. “That’s a necktie, Pox.”
He nods, smiling. “Naw! This cell’s in the shape of a necktie. I don’t like it on my wrist.”
“Where’da ya get that?”
He chuckles then winks at her. “All cells come from…Playtus. I thought you know that tidbit of datum.” He offers the new cell for viewing.
I giggle, nodding, accept the offered new necktie cell. “Where did the new cell necktie, come from? I’ve never seem that particular model. It has a green screen.”
He grins and finger the new necktie cell then views her. “The green colored is called turquoise. The neckties are made, here, on Starrtus. The engineers receive the electronic components from Playtus and then create all kinds of…cool stuff.”
I giggle, viewing and holding the new cell. “An okay pun! Since, I’m your soul mate. And, you’re my soul mate. I see lots of beautiful lush green plants and red bright soil in the pic on your new necktie cell. What does your farm plant?”
He pulls the necktie cell from her hands, saying. “Food.”
I hiss, cupping my arm. “My wound burns, again.”
He views her burnt wound, nodding. “The burn should heal by tomorrow for the start of Trig.”
“What’s Trig like? I don’t possess any knowledge of the event.”
He frowns with puzzlement. “Your mama didn’t explain Trig.”
“No!”
Pox replaces the bowtie then shuffles towards the window.
I stand next to him, touching the glass. I feel cold, smelling the crispness of the new snow.
He exhales, viewing the snow inside the cold window. “I am really sorry. I do not want to be your soul mate, Gloriette. You are a pretty girl, though.”
I giggle, nodding. “And, a likable person. This Trig-thing is awkward. I find it both stupid and silly. But, I think we can make it work, Pox.”
He stares at the snow, saying. “Naw! I cannot make it work.”
I view his nose profile. “But, we’re paired in Trig.”
He stares at the snow through the window, saying. “Actually, we, only, engaged at this stage. Once, you run through Trig we can become un-engaged.”
I part my lips. “Then, I’d not have a soul mate, ever.”
He shakes his skull, viewing the snow outside the window. “Naw, every teen has to perform Trig to prove their undying love and other horse shit…”
“But, we’re compatibility and other cow shit.” I giggle at the farm reference, but feel totally confused.
He chuckles, smiling, staring at the snow. “Naw, the machine compared and patted us, together.”
I view the pink spot. “Is there any type of new technology for the removal of the implants, since ya don’t like me?” I feel frustration.
Pox nods. “It’s called death.”
I exhale, parting my lips. “Death! I’m trying really hard to avoid that, until the later years. Since, I am selected for you…”
“By a dumb machine, and a dumber guardian, like my mama. This entire arrangement was set up seventeen years, ago, wearing dirty baby diapers.” He views her, frowning with disappointment. “I sorry. Your mama should have explained the solo purpose of Trig, before, coming here, to Starrtus.”
I view my boots. “Am I to return home, now?” I feel bitterness.
“You should stay on Starrtus.” He smirks, “At the end of Trig, we will become un-engaged.” He views and fingers the snow, out the window, saying. “See that tall mountain, Mount Starrtus. That is, where all the weddings are performed, a beautiful sight.” He views her. “We’ll be un-engaged, there, too. Lots of teens don’t make the pairing, either. I promise! You’ll be able to find another soul mate in Trig.” He slowly leans into her face then gently kisses her lips. He pulls back, smiling and winking. “You taste really good, like apple sauce.”
He turns and then exits the room.
I swing towards the ice and snow, accepting this strange boy, as my future, a few heartbeats ago. I feel numb. A flat line lingers inside my heart. I will not disappoint my family. I will have a baby, producing the fifth generation of Faywood. I will participate in Trig, finding another new soul mate.
I nod, feeling ambition.



Day 23
City of Starrtus
Auditorium
facee

I view my arm with a sideway triangle and the colored emerald green letters, A and B, representing my Playtus family ID theme. I am the Sine of Pox. I sit in the front row in the center of the elevated stage platform, since no one likes, being the center of attention in any social event. I arrived late, trying to cut out the encrusted dried teardrops from eyeballs accumulated, last night.
Ametheta is tall, brown hair in a jumpsuit. She sits next to Gloriette, leaning into the nose profile, smirking and saying. “Sniff. Sniff. You do not smell, like freshly picked wild flowers, or wild freshly picked berries from the forest wild lands, Mademoiselle Gloriette.”
“Know that!” I view my dirty boots, smelling Ametheta’s flora perfume.
Ametheta smiles. “All the girls are getting their nails painted, the skin pores cleaned, and the hair prettied for the men, this afternoon, at the Starrtus salon.”
“Our soul mates,” Neekim nods, giggling.
Sechar sits on the other side of Gloriette. She leans and touches Gloriette on the arms, saying. “Gloriette needs some prettying, too. Do you ever comb your hair, babe?”
I scratch my itchy scalp, messing up my messy hair, more. “What happens, next, in Trig, Jacidee?” I feel nervousness.
Neekim giggles. “Go with the flow, girl friend!”
Phillipina slides in her gown from the rear wall, standing at the bottom of the stairs. She looks up, facing the girl teens, smiling. “Good delights, belles! Please note, there are the females, present, in today’s lecture. And, you are seated upon the stage, since the empty dance will be occupied in a few more moment. Thus, the beaus are busy, also, performing their respective assignments, paralleling your work. Each one of you has successfully completed the first function of Trig, which is appropriately labeled, Sine. Based on the head nods and smiles, you are very happy with the Trig selection process of your soul mate. Throughout history, a man gives the woman he desires, a bouquet of flowers, or a bottle of perfume, or a book of love poems, exhibiting his love. A woman gives the man she desires, a cooked meal, or a back rub, or a baby, showing her affection. Your ancestors have crafted a specific component, exhibiting your new affection for your soul mate. There is an old axiom on Starrtus, stating. ‘A woman would do anything for her man.’ Thus, this is the basis of Tangent. The second function of Trig. Tangent means, ‘to touch.’ I require two volunteers for my lecture.”
The plump girl stands from her chair, smiling and waving both her arms and hands.
Phillipina fingers the girls, smiling. “Excellent, Custar! Please, stand on my right.” she views then fingers the second female on the first row. “And you, Ametheta, please, come and stand on my left.”
Custar smiles, running down the stairs.
Ametheta frowns with annoyance, standing. She plops down one step at a time, until her boot hits the hard flooring.
Both girls pose for the lecture between Phillipina.
Phillipina shouts, without moving her hands or eyeballs from the teen girls. “Please, illuminate the wishing well.”
The dance floor transforms into a pile of flat tan sand with a blue ocean waves on the right side of the floor. A line of green tall palm trees is positioned on the left. At the rear wall, there is a circular wooden wall, without a roof.
Phillipina pats Custar on the arm, saying. “Please, press your implant onto the hologram and whisper the name of your soul mate name into the colored yellow sand. This is an electronic simulation of a beach motif. An actually landscape will appear, exactly, like this one in Tangent, the second leg of Trig.”
Custar squats to the tan sand, touching the hologram. “Dugway.
A dozen figures of Dugway appear on top of the tan sands, scattered from the front to the rear of beach motif.
“Dugway!?” Custar gasps, standing and smiling at the multiple images of her soul mate.
Phillipina shakes her curls, saying, facing the teens on the stage. “No, dear. This is a facee.” She pats Ametheta on the arm, saying. “Please, touch the hologram, Ametheta!”
Ametheta squats, slamming the hologram with her hand.
A dozen figures of Unakite appear on top of the tan sands, scattered from the front to rear, also.
Phillipina smiles, “If you have not guessed, by now, the implants are linked, allowing for communicate of vocal and visual images, when necessary,” she raises her arm as the key necklace rattles with a tiny ting. “Please, illuminate for me, two pergolas.”
On the opposite side of the room, two curved archways appear.
She exhales. “Your goal is to reach the wishing well, within the time limit of one hour. You will enter through a pergola, or a passageway. There will be fifteen separate pergolas for fifteen different belles, lining across in fifteen different directions. All the pergolas are the equal, going into the same direction towards the wishing well. And, the pergolas are the same exactly distance from the wishing well, too. You are competing with the timed clock, not with each belle. In-between the wishing well, there will be exactly images of your soul mate, including the other male soul mates, scattered around the sands, like here, inside this auditorium of the beach motif. For example, in the journey for Ametheta, she must touch, only, the image of her soul mate. This is called a facee, or a fake face. The facee does not house your flesh and blood real soul mate in any form, or matter, fashion, format, or array. Your soul mate is located inside the wishing well, where you have figuratively tossed the penny for your individual wish.”
The teen girls giggle and nod.
Phillipina raises the penny. “When you reach the wishing well, you slam the penny into the vertical post then he will climb the ladder to you, once again. The facee is, also, directly linked into your implant. When you encounter another facee, you can easily glide around heading towards the wishing well. However, the facee, representing your soul mate, must be touched, before you can advance towards the wishing well.”
Phillipina swings around to the beach motif, saying. “You can see both the facees of Prewitt and Unakite are criss-crossing in a perfect horizontal invisible line, going side to side. You will not be able to run away, or jump, over the facee of your soul mate. The image houses a force field that must be deactivated by your touch.” She views and nods to Ametheta. “Ametheta, be a good dear, please, illustrate my instruction.”
Ametheta frowns with annoyance, walking towards the pergola on her left.
Phillipina says. “I will narrate each step. Ametheta will cross over the pergola, into the sand and then march to the first facee. She slaps it, rather a little too abruptly. The facee totally disappears into thin air. Please stop, Ametheta! The facee is linked to your touch, only your personal touch. Now, Ametheta, please travel over to the facee of Dugway, your non-soul mate. Then, please lovingly slap it, silly, too. Ametheta marches then draws back her hand, whacking the facee. You can see the facee of Dugway does not waiver or vanish. The touch of Ametheta is not connected to the facee Dugway, the flesh and blood Dugway, or the implant link of his belle Custar. Please, move forward, Ametheta. Ametheta scoots around the facee of Dugway with ease and then whacks the second facee of Unakite, providing a stuff punch. The facee of Unakite disappears and vanishes, totally from the tan sands of the beach motif. Thank you, very much, Ametheta for your kind cooperation. Please, return to your seat on the stage, along with Custar. Thank you, too, Custar!”
The girls sit.
Phillipina nods. “You will perform, only, for your solo self. There will not be any judges or referees, observing your personal facee workout. This is a tryout, giving you some sand time. Please, stroll back into your personal numbered and colored suites and then change into your racing apparel, provided by your colored Madam DOB.”

Auditorium 25
Tryout

I sit on the elevated wooden stage, wearing the robe. I watch the multiple facees shift side to side in the tan sands.
The wishing well is located at the rear wall of the hologram.
The six facees are the exactly appearance of Pox: tall, black curls, cat whiskers, board shoulders, smile.
Then, I view my bare feet, frowning at the future lost of love of my paired soul mate. I feel confusion.
Phillipina enters from the archway, dragging her gown. “Don’t be shy, Mademoiselle Gloriette. Please, stand and remove your robe. I’m here to offer a few choice sentences and then leave. The real timed event is one hour with twelve facees. Tryout holds half, six facees with a timing of thirty minutes. This is a test run for you of Tangent, meaning ‘to touch.’”
I sour, walking into the pergola, wearing the two piece bikini. I exhale, saying. “I run, touch the facee, and then run, touch the second facee, and then repeat and rinse,” giggling at my silly thought process and more silly language skills.
“Thirty minutes on the time element, please. Go, Gloriette!”
I exhale, walking over the soft sand to the nearest facee, and then touch Pox.
The first facee morphs.
“I see a little cute gray mouse on the tan sand,” I finger and giggle the object.
“Each facee must be conquered with its own particular facee weapon.”
I view Phillipina, frowning with puzzlement. “It’s a little helpless gray mouse.”
She nods. “The mouse is a facee, or a force field. You cannot move pass it to continue your Trig run.”
I nod, swinging to the mouse. “Gotcha,” I lift the mouse, feeling it, scratching inside my palms. I walk forward towards the second facee of Pox, holding the cute mouse. Then, I hit something, back pedaling with frustration. “What the heck?”
Phillipina smiles. “The first facee of Pox, in the form of the mouse, has created a force field, invisible to your naked eyes. The force field extends in all geographical directions. You must conquer the facee. The force field blocks you, going towards the second facee, the other ten facees, and the wishing well. Therefore, you must conquer the facee.”
I pat the mouse, viewing with my naked eyes, an invisible force field. I cannot see, but feel the heat. I view Phillipina, frowning with annoyance. “I must conquer the facee. What’s that supposed mean?”
“You must destroy the facee. There is a facee weapon, along the sand pebbles near the mouse.”
I swing and search the sands, saying. “I see a small construction hammer used to nail painting on a wall.”
“Bash the brains in.”
I view her, frowning with annoyance, again. “Dang! Really!?”
She does not talk or move.
I spin then squat, laying the mouse on the sands. I raise the small hammer. “Okay!” I smash the skull, when blood leeches onto my leg. “Ugh! It’s a real mouse. How’s that possible, girl?” I frown at Phillipina.
She nods, smiling. “Excellent job, you have conquered the facee. During Trig, within the leg of Tangent, you must keep moving, Gloriette, towards the wishing well, since Trig is timed. Or, you will lose your soul mate, forever, and then you will leave Starrtus, returning home to your mama, alone.”
I view my naked feet, exhaling. “Yeah, I do this for love, or return to my mama, alone, forever.”
Phillipina spins towards the archway, without looking at Gloriette, saying. “Each tryout is timed at thirty minutes, then the clock and facees will reset for another attempt. However, you are allowed to stay inside the hologram for three hours, improving your touch. Then, you return to suite for both supper and sleeping. We leave at six in the morning for Tangent, the second leg of Trig.”
 “Got it! I must slap the rest of the facees, silly,” I giggle with fun.
Phillipina stops then turns, smirking. “Another important item, a facee will run towards the ocean water, not plunging into the landscape. However, a morphed facee can run into water, like in the air and on the land. Good luck, Gloriette!”
“Yes, ma’am,” I default to my social graces, wiggling my naked toes in the warm sand.
The door closes.
I view the wall, seeing the time element: 20:21:53 minutes.
I stroll to the second facee, slapping the face of smiling Pox.
The second facee morphs.
I smile. “An eating plate.”
I use the hammer for a second time, smashing the plate. I feel the heaviness of the hammer disappear from my hand, along with broken pieces scattered over the sand.
I walk to the left, watching the third facee zig zag across the sand.
I stand, waiting for the facee. I slap it, missing then giggle. I step into the pathway then slap it, again.
The third facee morphs.
 “A reading book.”
I see a box of matches, lighting the pages as the invisible force field drops. I feel fiery flames of heat.
I stroll left towards the fourth facee, smiling.
The time element shows: 16:42:38 minutes.
The fourth facee dashes right towards the water then turns, dashing towards the trees.
I slap the face.
The fourth facee morphs.
A tall blonde male smirks in his blonde cat whiskers, then grabs her biceps.
I quickly slap both my hands up, breaking the arm connection, then back pedal in a defense mod.
He laughs.
I gasp then sour with shock. “Where’s Pox?”
He smiles. “Who cares, doll?”
“Where’s Jacidee?”
“Doing her tryout…”
“You should be there with her, Prewitt!”
He winks, grinning. “But, here’s more fun, babe.” Then, he leaps, grabbing her arm.
I twirl away from him, shaking my curls. “You are not real.”
He nods, smiling, “I be real, babe.”
“You’re a facee, a fake.”
He fingers her leg, saying. “I see dried red blood on your leg from the poor little dead mouse. Nice legs, too! Nice bikini, also! Nice smile, too. Nice to meet ya, again, Mademoiselle Gloriette!” He advances, grabbing her arms.
I part my lips, struggling from his gripe. “Dang, you really are Prewitt.”
“In the flesh and blood,” he leaps, catching her.
We roll around the sand.
I land on my back.
Prewitt pens both her wrists and legs. He blows hot air, tickling her wrist then smiles with a wicked grin.
I giggle from the gently assault of his gentleman-ness. “Where’s Pox?” I wiggle side to side, seeing his white triangle with burnt orange colored letters A and B for the identification society house of Jacidee on Playtus.
He leans into her face. “Don’t care!”
I knee his stomach then stand, crouching in defense. “Why didn’t Pox pop out of the facee, instead of you?”
He holds his stomach then stands, panting. He winks. “Pox ain’t here. I’m here. Use me! Abuse me, babe.” He steps forward, chucking.
I view the wishing well, back stepping then upright. I finger the well, giggling. “Ah! Pox is inside the wishing well, waiting for me to drop my penny, like in the real Trig run of Tangent, tomorrow.” I pull the coin from my special hiding place then display it, giggling.
Prewitt laughs, standing. He claps and views the wishing well. He swings around, winking. “You’re smart, doll, making me, desire you, more.”
I shake my skull, holding the penny. “You can’t. You’re not my soul mate,” fingering my arm. “Pox and I are linked by the implant. This is my tryout. And, I passed, brilliantly,” giggling.
Prewitt nods, crossing his arms, flexing his muscles. He smiles. “Yeah, Gloriette, sweetheart! You have successfully solved the mystery of Tangent. The poem of the wishing well holds your true wish, Pox. Your solo run through each facee will lead down a crooked pathway towards your wish, when you reach the wishing well within the time limit. Or, your princess bride wish doesn’t come true.”
I nod, giggling. “I understand. The facees cannot be bypassed, like you. But, they can be easily conquered, like you. Each facee is touched then conquered with the facee weapon.” I shake my curls. “This is a juvenile activity for love, using a penny and a wishing well.”
He frowns, shaking his skull. “Naw, girl! Haven’t ya heard the axiom, a penny for good luck?”
I extend the penny. “A penny for your good thought, slick.”
He chuckles, shaking his skull. “I’ll not need the penny, babe, but I’ll gladly replace it back into your soft bouncy hiding spot. And, you’re going to need the good luck, Gloriette.” He fingers her leg. “Facees are real with blood, guts, slaps…”
I slap his extended arm, giggling.
He swiftly grabs and holds both her arms, pulling Gloriette into his chest. “And, kisses.”
I part my lips, shaking my curls. “Don’t ya dare kiss me, Prewitt! You tasted, like sour grapes, yesterday.”
Prewitt chuckles. “Ah! Ya remembered our first ever golly kiss. This is tryout. Let’s retry for a second kiss.”
I gently smash his face with my hand. “No!” I shake my curls, back pedaling away.
He chuckles, extending both arms, dashing side to side. He blocks her exit towards the wishing well, along the tan sand.
I back step into the ocean water foam, feeling the warm water and waves hitting my ankles.
“Come on, Gloriette! One tea tiny little birdie peck on my lips, see, if I taste, like sour grapes, again. If so, I leave, you can finish the Tangent run, then pull sour puss Pox from the wishing well.”
I frown. “Is he really in there?”
He winks. “This is tryout. You should…try it out.”
I shake my curls. “I am doing a tryout of the wishing well, by finishing the Tangent run.”
I view the time element: 1:01:59 minutes.
I giggle then crouch, running right.
Prewitt captures her.
We fall into the shallow warm water, chuckling.
He winks. “I sorry. I lied. Pox ain’t inside the water well. But, I do have you inside me.” He curves his arms around her and the water, chuckling.
I smash my hands into his chest, “Get off, Prewitt! I’m done for the day. I need my beauty rest for Tangent, tomorrow.”
He chuckles. “I think you’re beautiful, enough, Gloriette.”
“You’re betraying your betrothed, Jacidee.”
“Naw! We’re, only, engaged. Engagement lasts for years, sometimes, decades.”
“I’m, not betraying Pox. I’m engaged, too. He gave me an implant that burns all the dang time.”
He frowns. “Naw! We healed in a nice perfect shade of pink. Right now, ya be burning for me, doll.” He winks, “Too much talk, too little action! Gimme a kiss, doll!”
I toss my head side to side from his advancing lips, “No, Prewitt!”
He stills, winking. “A little baby kiss on my lips, I promised to keep them closed, doll, just, in case of sour grapes.”
I giggle, viewing the time element: 00:11 seconds.
I view him, smiling. “Ten. Nine…”
Prewitt frowns then swings to the time element.
I say. “Seven. Six.”
He struggles to stands then runs to the rear wall with the wishing well, “Dang it! Naw! Naw! Naw!”
I stand, splashing in the water towards the wall.
Prewitt slaps his arm into the wall then says. “Halt.”
I frown, padding to him, parking both hands on my hips. “You can’t command the hologram.”
He winks at her. “Yeah, I can. Both, it and you are under my control, doll!” He presses button on an exposed panel.
I exhale, crossing my arms. “Pox told me that my implant opens the doors. Therefore, I can terminate the sand, ocean, and you, Prewitt.”
He winks at her, saying into the panel. “Reset beach motif with sand, ocean, trees, one beach umbrella, and one beach lounge chair.”
I show two fingers, leaning into the speaker panel. “Two beach lounge chairs.” Then, I swing around, seeing one beach umbrella and one beach lounge chair in the sand.
He chuckles, sliding the panel close.
I spin then see the time element: 2:59:59:58 hours.
I shake my curls, back stepping. “No. No. No. I’m cheating on Pox with you.”
He stops, shaking his skull. “Look, if you had met another guy, wearing your implant, would you have kissed him? Be honest!”
I cross my arms, frowning, “Maybe.”
He tosses his arms, smiling. “This is the same exact situation. I’m another guy. You wear your implant. So, you can kiss.”
I giggle then twirl towards the beach lounge chair, sitting on the edge. “Explain, how you got into the hologram?”
He smiles, walking to her. “If ya kiss me, then I’ll explain my hologram surprise plus the mystery of the entire universe. But, that might take me a couple of hundred years.”
I wiggle my foot, giggling. “I hold the ace, here, slick!”
He winks, kneeling at her feet, smiles. “And, you can hold my ace, anytime, you feel like it, precious!”
“Prewitt!?”
He exhales. “I created the hologram. I was standing in the fourth facee, when I activated it. Ta-da! The mystery is solved, doll. Now! Your turn? Kiss me!”
I frown at the wall. “You created the hologram for my tryout. I can develop holograms, too.” I view him, smiling. “Does that mean that I must create a hologram for your tryout or Pox’s tryout?”
Prewitt frowns. “I didn’t think we get a separate tryout. Both sets of belles and beaus are participating, in this one.”
I feel jealous that Pox is with another belle, not me. I stand, walking towards the water. “O! Whose tryout is Pox’s hiding in, as a facee?”
Prewitt stands beside her, frowning. “Pox, he doesn’t know how to create a hologram, being a farmer.” He exhales, “Honestly, I don’t think he’ll make it towards the end of Trig, being a really slow farmer.”
I worry, that Pox will fall out of Trig, then I will never find love. I view him, frowning. “Why, not? Trig is three parts. The third leg’s easy, touch the facee and then run towards the wishing well, and finally pull out your wish, a mate for marriage.” I giggle.
He touches her hand. “Your hands are beautiful, small and petite. You don’t work with your hands, love.”
“I use my mind.”
He chuckles. “Trig paired us, right. I use my hands for farming. What’s Playtus like?”
I smile. “My city is flat, as far as you can see. The eyeball can see three miles, until the planet curves. But, Playtus is filled with ugly tall buildings towards the sky. We live in apartment units with no grass or flowers. The metal oil kills the plants and rodents. I’m from Building Two. Playtus is hot, sizzling heat, and boiling sun, all year long.”
“Trig paired us, right. I live on ranch lands.” He gently touches her implant.
“Ouch!” I pull back my arm, viewing the pink spot.
“I sorry, love,” he gently lifts her arm, seeing the pink. “Your square is healing, slowly.”
“Just, sore.”
“Your skin’s pink and swollen, like hot sizzling. Does it hurt, darling?”
I giggle. “Naw, I’m a tough cowgirl.”
He chuckles. “There’s an ancient teen ritual called, munching, movies, and making out.”
“Makeuping!? I don’t wear makeup. I didn’t like the face powder, sticking to my lips.”
He says. “I did notice your naked lips.”
I frown. “That’s your Trig leg. Making out!? Do all the males, do that? Who told you that?”
He chuckles, winking. “My daddy on Gambo told me about Trig, including making out.”
I nod, viewing the white triangle with emerald green letters, A and B. “You’re a lucky pup. My mama told me nothing about Trig, including the burning implant, the fever, the kidnapping, the sour grapes, the tryout, or the bikini.” I exhale.
Prewitt stands on his kneecap, dropping his arm around her, smirking. “And, your mama’s going to tell you, not to ever wear that bikini around me, doll?” He chuckles. “And, I like the thoughts of kidnapping you. So, you’re my hostage for the two hours and forty five minutes.”
I exhale. “Ya know, what I’m saying.”
He frowns. “Actually, in our fairness to biological parents, all over the world, I didn’t comprehend what difference it made, if mama or daddy told their implanted babies, about Trig. The decision to participate in Trig is mine, not my parents. The creation of Trig was done a long time ago, babe, by a caveman. He was illegally painting on their cave wall, when the wife left with the kiddies,” he chuckles.
I part my lips. “You’d dare surrender your only chance at love?”
He waves both arms, pulling from her. “Naw, doll! I am, not surrendering my only chance at love, a bride, a baby, or a three family unit on my farm on Gambo.”
I view the sand. “Me, either. I wanna get married with my fellow and have a child. But, wonder if, your sour mate is unhappy with you?”
He chuckles. “Ya mean, soul mate. Naw, doll! I be here. She be here. We be getting hitched, at the legal age of eighteen, on Gambo. I’m waiting, dating, and showcasing her around Gambo, too, meeting my daddy and farm friends.”
I view the waters. “That’s, so nice!”
“All the beaus are doing the same thing, after the Trig legs end, including Pox, doll.”
“What crop is planted on his farm on Gambo?”
He shrugs. “Food!”
I giggle. “He told me that, too.”
“I don’t know the location of Pox’s farm. Gambo is a big landscape full of farms, croplands, and animals.”
I smile. “Can you show me your farm?”
He frowns, “I didn’t wear the cell. It clashes with the taunt muscles,” he releases her then flexes his biceps.
I giggle and nod. “My mama kept my cell, too, on Playtus. I destroyed the last one, looking for life forms other than the old ones, on Playtus, at my own risk.”
He smiles, nodding. “Hey, my Daddy told me to explore other life forms, at my own risk, too. Back eons ago, teens dated different people, before selecting a mate for both love and life. My daddy likes that idea, also. I share it, too. That’s why I created your hologram to talk with you and your bikini. Or, maybe, to talk to you, out of your bikini, maybe, the latter works bestest for me, honey.”
I giggle, saying. “My bikini don’t like ya, Prewitt.”
He pouts.
I giggle. “But, you said that’s part of your Trig. You must create a hologram.”
He smiles. “I sorry. I lied. I suggested that the beaus create a hologram for another belle, since I know that Pox couldn’t do one. So, I saved his fanny to look at your fanny in that bikini,” he chuckles.
I frown. “You knew about the beach and the bikini.”
He sits on the chair, dropping his arm around her. “Actually, that was my idea, too.”
“Who approves all your ideas?”
“Actually, no one does. We got an idea then give it to Phillipina. She implements, immediately.”
“That’s strange. Trig can be altered from the previous years.”
“Naw! She’s the hostess with the mostest, being the middle royalty of nothingness in Trig.”
I smile, poking his chest. “Ah! Your daddy told you to kiss on the other belles. And, what does your mama say about that creative endeavor, young sir?”
He views his toes. “My mama died.”
I view my toes. “I am, so sorry. My daddy died, too, when I was very young.” Then, I kick the water.
He smiles. “Kissing for fifteen minutes burns thirty calories, but passionate kissing of thirty minutes burns about forty minutes of our extra well-spent time trapped inside a beach hologram with a solo beach lounge chair.”
I shake my curls, giggling. “Naw.” I feel loved.
He smiles. “Kissing tones up facial muscles, fights wrinkles, and circulates blood around the eyes and lips, like a face exercise. A simple peck engages two muscles with a rush of adrenaline and the release of neurotransmitters, burning calories. My grandfather says a guy loses one pound, actively getting three kisses-per-day for five seconds. Kissing stimulates cardiovascular activity, lowers cholesterol, and decreases high blood pressure. See, a boy needs his daily requirement of kissing action.”
I giggle. “Terminate the hologram! Then, go and kiss on Jacidee!”
He smiles. “I be assigned your tryout partner, today.”
I shake my curls. “No, Prewitt!”
He chuckles. “The exchange of saliva boots fights bacterial organisms, like a vaccine, too.”
“And, I got all my yearly shots, before I came to Trig.”
Prewitt leans into her hair, smirking. “I’m attracted to your brave fighting spirit, Gloriette. I wished our shared kiss had been sweet, but, alas, it was not. Trig has selected the right soul mate for me. Jacidee’s sweet, beautiful, elegant, and fragile. Those social traits were described perfectly to me, by my daddy about my mama.” He fingers his pink square implant with the white triangle and burnt orange letters A and B. “Therefore, Trig has, also, selected the correct soul mate for you. Pox is a strong, willful, fighting son of a gun, who needs an equal lady. That’s you, Gloriette!”
I exhale, cross my arms. “I…”
He hugs her, grinning and nodding. “It’s okay to be a little frightened and nervous and anxious and eager. I feel the same way, along Jacidee and the other belles and beaus. This is our moment to shine, conquer our fear, and receive the ultimate reward, love. I don’t want our hologram exercise to bruise your heart or pump my ego. I’m just exhausting some nervous energy impatiently, waiting for Tangent, tomorrow.” He smiles, lifting her chin. “I’m going to prove, that Trig is true.” He kisses Gloriette.
He gags.
I gag.
We both stand, mouth spitting into the water. We look at each other, chuckling in unison, “Sour grapes!”



Day 24
Tangent
Tidie Beach. 3 mph winds. 99% humidity. hot. sunny. no clouds. no rain. 101°F.

I stand outside the pergola in the heated sun, being blocked by the object.
The Starrtus guard, without the gun, fingers the belle, saying. “You’re supposed to wear the swimming suit and bared feet, not jeans and boots.”
I shove him backwards, saying with deadly angry. “Shove that thing someplace else! Or, I’ll shove it up the dark side of your moon.” I step into the curved cool passageway, watching the word, stop.
It changes, go.
I stand inside the cool covered pergola, since the temperature outside is a blistering hot with sizzling wind of sands, with no pretty white clouds.

First facee
I exhale, shaking my sweaty hair. I stroll into the heat towards the first facee, an excellent likeness of Pox: tall, black curls, cat whiskers.
The facee smiles at me and then runs to the right, away from me, and then suddenly stops. It faces me with an upright palm.
I slap his smile.
The first facee morphs.
I smile. “A mouse. So, the facee is following the same tryout motif on Starrtus, like yesterday.”
I view to my left side.
Jacidee stands in the far distant. She cuddles the mouse inside her palms, smiling.
I view the sky ship, above my hair roots, displaying the time element: 58:59:04 minutes.
I exhale then view and retrieve the hammer from the sand. Each facee must be conquered with its own particular facee weapon. I view my mouse, a fake facee of Pox, and then stomp it with my boot sole, dead.
Red blood covers my jeans.

Second facee
I exhale, shaking more sweat from my hair and face. I stomp towards the second facee.
It runs to my left, pumping both arms in flight.
I two-step, sideways, paralleling its movement. I slap the arm.
The second facee morphs.
I say. “An eating plate.” I lift the plate, feeling the smooth ceramic, smiling. I toss it up into the air then miss with the hammer. 
It falls onto the soft sand, not breaking.
I lift it, a second time and then whack it with the hammer.
The hammer and the eating plate disappear, when the force field falls, within my naked eyeballs.

Third facee

I exhale and trot to the third facee.
It runs towards the water in a jogging speed.
I skip sideways, slamming at air, instead of the pumping arm. Then, I punch the face of Pox.
The third facee morphs.
“A book.” I kick it open with a boot toe, swiftly lighting the page with the provided box of matches. I watch the tiny fire flame into blue, red, and yellow then hear the scream. I scan the sands to my left.
Neekim fingers the lizard, giggling with silliness and then stomps it with a rock.

Fourth facee
I exhale and walk towards the fourth facee of Pox. I stand and scan the white sands to my left.
The facee of Prewitt dashes back and forth in a fast pace, while Jacidee bounces in her tiny bikini.
I study the facee then Jacidee, narrowing my eyelashes.
She squats, holding the puppies within her arms, not a flesh and blood soul mate, either.
I giggle. I realize the fourth facee is a mystery, not a Prewitt, frowning with puzzlement.
I view the facee then exhale. I slap his face.
The fourth facee morphs.
“A plain ole yellow weaved basket. Uh! Kick it good!” I slam the side of the basket, tearing a small hole with my pointy boot toe.
I view a snake then a second snake, and then a third second snake, slithering from the slashed basket weaving. I smell the odor of fresh cucumbers from both the rat snakes and copperheads.
Snakes are cold-blooded, taking heat from the environment. The beach sand is hot, so they are moving and seeking a shady spot, which is behind my fanny.
The forked tongues smell its surroundings, constantly flicking the air.
“I am not food, ya’ll. O no. Baby snakes!” I view the pregnancy cottonmouths, giving birth to numerous tiny and live wiggling little babies. A king snake eats the coral snake.
I see a cobra snake drop onto the sand then view a wooden flute. I stomp on sand towards the flute, the facee weapon to end the scary image.
The snakes react to me or the boots, or both. They hiss with open mouths then coil up ready to strike it at me.
I two step around the nest then slowly back step.
A black racer has targeted me, defending its sandy spot. It charges.
I scream, back stepping then two-stepping.
The snake passes under my lifted boot heel.
I stomp on the backbone, feeling the crash of bones “Ugh!” I dance over snakes in my cowgirl boots, hearing loud hisses, crashing bones and then kick the other snakes far, far away from the magical flute. I grab the flute, blowing with some awful off-key music.
All the snakes plus the weave basket disappear.
I drop to the sand, panting. “Not fun, ya’ll. I do all this for love, or go home to my mama, alone.” I stand, cussing at my mama.

Fifth facee
I exhale, stomping towards the fifth facee.
Pox smiles with curved arms for hugging, without shifting side to side. It is stationary in place.
 I narrow my eyelashes at the suspicious non-moving facee. I view the moving dots on my left.
Both Neekim and Jacidee are ahead on me, making good time on the clock.
I view the sky ship, displaying the time element: 45:17:18 minutes.
I frown at the fifth facee, exhaling. I stomp on Pox’s cowboy boot, ensuring I don’t break another basket of critters.
The fifth facee morphs.
“Green ivy.” I jerk my boot from the ivy, unsuccessful. “Dang, I’m stuck.” I wave my arms, balancing my tall body and then stomp down into the growing three leafed ivy. “Double dang! I’m twice stuck.” I search for the weapon. The vine grows quickly over my boots and jeans, as I struggle over the webbed roots.
The plant touches my pale skin. The sap stings my skin.
I gasp, studying a big red swelling ugly rash on my hand. “Poison ivy.”
The green ivy climbs on the left side of my body.
I spot the dish of white lotion, an anti-itching agent. I jerk and pull the ivy with me.
The brown sap stings plus marks red rash poxes over my left naked arm, crawling up towards my naked neck.
I stumble in the vines then fall on my hands inside the sand. “Dang, I should’ve worn the one-piece suit.”
The green ivy crawls, stinging my cheekbones.
I stretch my arm towards the stationary bowl. My middle finger touches the soft lotion, swirling it all over my naked hand. I feel the softness and thickness of the substance.
The ivy, immediately, disappears, not the stinging pain.
The reds rashes linger, like pink chicken pox bumps over some of my exposed skin.
The green ivy and bowl both disappear.
I lay on the sand, exhaling. Then, I stand, wobbling to the facee on my left towards the trees.

Sixth facee
I exhale, shaking wet sweat from my body part of face, hair, and arms. I hustle towards the sixth facee.
It zigzags around the other beau facees and then it halts.
I exhale, studying the facee then the sands.
The facee of Bushton, being the soul mate of Natoma, has morphed.
I frown with confusion, scanning the sand then see a trail of red blood. I gasp, back stepping from my facee. I body spin following the red blood, finding the reason.
The cuddle body eats the sand.
I touch the belle with worry. “Natoma!?” I flip her. “Natoma!? You’re hurt.”
Natoma bubbles blood from lips. “The lion.” She has claw marks on her face and naked body exposed from her bare skin in the bikini.
I gasp then view the sands for the dangerous lion then remember, a different facee can’t harm me. I view and touch her arm, without any blood. “Dang, Natoma! I’ll get help, running back to the sky ship for you. You’re too heavy for me to carry.”
Natoma bubbles blood from her lips. “I’m numb in my body. I’m blind. Who are you?”
“Gloriette…”
Natoma smiles, spreading the blood over her lips. “You’re the fighter on our first day. I know, that you’d come to win your man. Go and get your soul mate!”
“No! I can’t leave you, here to die.”
Natoma bubbles more blood from her lips. “Too late, I’m weak. I failed my soul mate. I wanna die, then be alone...”
“No, you didn’t fail. This ain’t supposed to happen. The facees…”
“…harm ya. Go to your man, Gloriette. Be happy,” she expires.
I stare at a dead body. I have never seen a dead body, up close. Then, I shut her eyelashes, releasing her dead body from my arms. I stand.
I view the sky ship, displaying the time element: 42:11:56 minutes.
I exhale then trot forward towards the sixth facee then, occasionally, glance at the dead body.
It slowly disappears from my eye sight.
I swing around seeing the sixth facee.
It runs towards the water and then turns, running toward the trees.
I turn chasing and sidestepping then slap the elbow.
The sixth facee morphs.
I gasp. “Ah! Bulls with horns.” I look for the facee weapon.
Neekim jogs towards her facee, leading towards the wishing well, which is on a direct collision course with the herd of running bulls from my sixth facee.
I run and wave my arms at her, screaming. “Neekim! Bulls! Neekim! Run away. Bulls!”
Neekim steps into the sand then the bulls hit her.
I gasp and halt. “Neekim!”
She jogs out of the bulls, running towards her next facee of Ahrojo.
I slump in exhaustion then frown. “No other facee image can affect a belle, DOB, or dummy operational body of Gloriette. Yeah, right!”
The bulls turn then run towards the water.
“Dang! I can’t catch the bull. Geez! Can a bull swim in water?”
The red flag sits on the sands directly in the pathway of the running bulls.
I dash towards it.
The first bull runs at me.
I leap forward out of the way then land on my face. Then, I shake my curls then stand on my hands and knees. I stand, swinging around, seeing the wad of red flag.
A bull, only, reacts with movement, like the matador’s cape, since the beasts are red-green color blind.
I wait for a break in the herd then dash towards the red flag. I bend and reach with my hand, missing.
The horn of the bull catches my shirt, tearing the fabric, cutting my arm.
I slam my bloody arm with my hand, back running out of the pathway. I spin around in the sands, waiting for another break into the herd. I run forward and stop.
The tip of horn slices the neck of my shirt then passes.
I slide to the flag, picking it up. Then, I leap forward into the force field, heating my face.
The bulls pass behind my fanny.
I feel three horn tips slash my skin and shirt along with some skull hair. I toss the red flag over my shoulder.
The bull horn tip touches the flag then all the bulls disappear, first, the flag, second, and finally the force field.
I fall forward onto my face in the soft sand. “Ugh!” I inhale, breathing air and sand up my nose. I cough, exhaling air and sand from my nose. I stand on my hands and knees, crawling on the cool sand then wobble upright. 
I view the sky ship, displaying the time element: 31:32:05 minutes.

Seventh facee
I slowly wobble then work up great speed, running even with the seventh facee.
It runs to the right.
I punch my elbow into the rib cage of the facee of Pox.
The seventh facee morphs.
I stop, gasping in shock. “A kangaroo.”
The kangaroo bounces backward from the water then swings to me, punching its paw, colliding with my eye socket.
I gasp and stumble backwards, folding at the waist and then drop to my knees in dizziness. I gingerly touch my injured bone around my eye socket. I exhale then inhale. 
The kangaroo hops around me, punching its paws in the air.
I wobble up on my knees then drop down to my knees. I wobble on my knees then my feet, standing and blinking my eyelashes at the moving object, away from me at a steady hopping pace.
I grunt then stumble over the shotgun, lifting it. I wrap my hands around gun then pump the handle. I aim and fire when the skull blows into pieces with a boom.
The kangaroo disappears, not the gun.
When the facee weapon doesn’t disappear, it is used for the next facee in the Tangent run.
And, I do not wanna figure out that elegantly sophisticated physics calculation.
I wobble upright with a side to side motion then hear a scream. I scan the sands to my left.
Neekim fights a bear.
I gasp then whisper. “Dang! Bears don’t live on the beach, neither, do kangaroos.” I exhale with frustration, slowly walking over to assist.
Neekim is twelve years old, the youngest belle and smallest body frame in Trig.
I stand to the side, observing. I can’t affect her facee of Ahrojo, like killing it with my shotgun from the facee of Pox.
Neekim back steps from the bear, swinging the club, missing.
I move perpendicular to the bear then toss arms and a tongue at the beast.
The bear sees me, shockingly.
I yell. “Kill the kneecap, Neekim!”
She slams the club into the leg then the bear disappears. Neekim smiles then drops her petite body onto the sand.
I dash to her.
The club disappears from her hands as she sobs with tears from the frightful event.
I slide to sand, hugging her, saying. “Ya did good, honey!”
Neekim sobs with tears, viewing her bruised hands. “This is so hard. Love shouldn’t be so hard, to conquer.”
I nod, hugging her, exhaling. “Love is the hardest emotion of all, to conquer. Get moving to your man!”
“Yeah!” She nods then slowly stands.
I assist her to stand.
She slowly walks to her next facee.

Eighth facee
I slowly jog to the eighth facee.
I walk back and forth in a vertical line, not horizontal towards the parameters of the invisible force field.
I park both hands on my belt, frowning with puzzlement.
It walks towards me.
I tap the facee of Pox on the shoulder.
The eighth facee morphs.
The eagle lands on the sand, squawking. Then, the eagle spreads its wings, fully and then leaps up from the sand into the air.
“Dang! The eagle’s escaping. I can’t fly, either, to catch it.” I rotate around, following my airborne facee. Then, I run after the dark shadow over the sand. I jog through a couple of other facees, not getting hurt, but feeling a slight heat to my sensitive angry face of red.
I stop, jerking the shotgun under my armpit. I lift the heated barrel, following the outer wing tips of the eagle then target the back muscles. “One shot, Gloriette! Make it count, baby!” I hold my breath then squeeze the trigger.
The loud boom echoes in the sky.
The eagle falls then disappears, before hitting the soft sand.
I cough then inhale air. “Too close!” I swing around, viewing for any more birds, or snakes, or bears. Nothing! I laugh, feeling relieve plus anxiety for the Tangent run to end.
I view the sky ship, showing the time element: 33:21:10 minutes.

Ninth facee
I swiftly jog towards the ninth facee, working against the clock and the heat and the sweat and everything.
The ninth facee stands stationary, not shifting or moving or talking.
I don’t bother to analyze the silly thing. I slap the face of Pox,
Then, the sands cracks open. I drop then submerge completely into water, cold. I surface the water, breathing air, seeing ice. I feel a touch on my boot. I hold my breath, dunking under the water.
The shark swims away, wiggling its big tail, not seeing its big black eyes.
I rapidly climb onto the snow, exhaling. “I must conquer the Facee. Dang, mama, a big ugly shark.”
I knee, blowing in and out the air molecules, expanding my lungs. I hold my breath then dive into the cold water. I swim around with my arms and boots, looking for the facee weapon, a spear gun.
I swim towards the gun.
The shark cuts its body against my hand.
I back pedal with my boots then race towards the hole opening, climbing and settling over the snow and ice landscape. “Freezing, mama!” I wrap my arms around my breasts. I perch over the hole into the icy water with some ice cubes.
I watch the shark pass by the hole in the water, feeling hot from panic rather than cold from snow. I view the frozen terrain, ice, and snow for miles.
No trees. No buildings.
Then, I view the water, cold and dark for miles.
No choice. No option.
“Dang, I wrestle a shark for love. My mama will never believe this one.” I blow in and then out, expanding my lungs. I hold my breath. I dive into the water, a second time, kicking my boots and paddling my arms. I race towards the spear gun, floating merrily in the waking waves.
The shark waddles in the opposite direction.
I touch the gun.
The shark slowly turns about. It sees me, veering fast in my direction.
I pull the spear gun under my armpit, waiting and waiting for the shark.
It waddles side to side, coming closer and closer.
I don’t want to miss the dang shark, or something bad happens.
I wait.
It comes, closer.
I wait.
I see the black eyeball then fire the spear gun. The arrow penetrates part of the nose and some of the eyeball.
The shark disappears and then the spear gun, next.
I swim up to the opening, emerging. I cough and spit water then cough, again. I climb from the cold water on my hands and knees. I wiggle side to side, tossing off the water droplets onto the sand.
I slowly stand, exhaling and cursing my mama.

Tenth facee
I zigzag towards the clump of palm trees around the other facees then slowly walk to the tenth facee.
It very slowly trots towards the water.
I stop and study the slow moving facee, exhaling, not wanting another wild beast surprise.
It very slowly trots towards the water, being about twenty feet from the shoreline.
I slowly chase from behind, staying out of its pathway and then leap. I tap the ankle of Pox, falling down on the sand.
The tenth facee morphs.
I smile. “Awe, a litter of six week old kittens.”
The kittens stand, walk, and crawl over each other.
I smile and sit crossed-legged.
The kittens crawl over my torn jeans and itchy arms, tickling me.
I giggle, lifting the kitten to my dirty face, hearing the purring. Then, I see the facee weapon, a hatch. I gasp, whispering. “No! No! No! They’re tiny babies.”
I view the sky ship, seeing the time element: 20:39:09 minutes.
I growl. “They are a facee, fake, Gloriette.” I sob, arranging the kittens in a tall pile then raise the hatch. I view the cute kittens then exhale, sobbing with tears.
I view the sky ship, seeing the time element: 18:24:56 minutes.
I sneer. “I do this for love, or go home to my mama, alone.” I twist my face, sideways and then chop, chop, chop.
I hear the mews and feel the warm blood, chopping. I hear the crunch of bones, chopping. I sob with tears, viewing the bloody and broken skin and guts. I slam the hatch for the last time on the last moving kitten.
The kittens and the hatch disappear.
I stand, wiping tears from my eyes, walking to the next facee.

Eleventh facee
I run towards the eleventh facee.
It travels, very fast to the right then stops. It turns then sails to the left then stops. It turns to the right, running.
I exhale, running at an angle, trying to touch the facee during its mid-way stride. I leap at the facee, missing a body part. “Dang, this Facee is, too fast.” I exhale, “Fine.” I stand in the path of the facee with open arms.
It comes towards me in a forward motion, without stopping and then hits me.
The eleventh facee morphs.
I grab the flowing mane of the horse, crawling onto its back for a safer body hug. I view the ocean water, ahead.
A facee can move in water, like air and land.
I view behind my collar bone.
The herd of running horse is following the pack leader as the sword twinkles in the sand, in the far distance. “Dang!” 
The lead horse runs towards the ocean, taking the entire herd with her.
“Dang!” I pull on its mane hair and kick my boot into its right leg.
We don’t veer from the water, ahead.
I jump onto the second horse in a parallel lead with the pack lead horse. I kick its leg, pulling its mane towards the left, away from the ocean.
The second horse follows the pack leader, leading the herd towards the ocean water.
I wrap my body completely around the neck of the running horse, placing my hand over its two eyeballs. I pull and veer its skull towards the left.
 The lead horse and herd runs towards the ocean, ahead.
I grunt then crawl to the outer horse inside the running herd. I yank and pull its mane towards me, hoping to slow or stop the herd of horse.
The two lead horses hit the ocean water, exploding into pink and red horse meat parts.
My horse touches the water then rears, wildly pawing in the air.
I feel heat under my legs. I quickly slide from its back, landing in the water, submerging my body below the salt waves. I emerge, coughing and vomiting salt water then slowly crawl out of the water, falling on my knees and face, panting. I hear the scream, looking up.
Jacidee stands in the sand in front of and slightly right of me.
I narrow my eyelashes, studying her.
Jacidee is surrounded by brown dirt, fingering her feet, screaming and crying.
I exhale then stand, wobbling on shaky legs towards her distress. I pass the sword, grabbing it then work up speed, jogging to Jacidee.
I halt at the edge of the brier patch, growing around her bare feet.
She is stranded in the middle.
I exhale, stomping through sand in my cowgirls boots then whack with the sword. My sword doesn’t bruise a thorn, being the weapon for Pox’s Facee, not Prewitt’s. I stomp to Jacidee.
She sobs, fingering her bloody ankles.
I lift her into my right side, carrying her through the thorns.
She sprinkles a power dust, killing the briers. The briers and dust disappear, destroying the Facee.
I drop her on the sand.
She cringes with pain, sitting on her fanny, holding ankles in the air. Jacidee sobs. “I can’t make it. My feet and ankles are bleeding.” She views the wishing well. “So close, that was my eleventh Facee,” she sobs into her hands.
I view the wishing well, holding both Pox and Prewitt then view Jacidee. If she doesn’t complete Trig, then she returns home, without her soul mate. The implant between Prewitt and Jacidee will be severed, permanently. Then, Prewitt would be available and single for any other belle.
Pox doesn’t would to marry me. I wanna get married and have a husband.
Prewitt thinks that I have spirit. And, I think that he’s terrible.
I could be happy.
I view the sky ship, seeing the time element: 4:48:33 minutes.
I exhale then frown at Jacidee, squatting to her crying face. I say and nod. “Everything’s fine, Jacidee. I’ll be right back. I have one more facee to slap, then I be coming back and carrying ya to your last facee. We, both, can finish Trig, together, the first winning couple of pairs,” I smile, feeling sadness.
Jacidee views her bloody feet, shaking curls. “Go on, Gloriette! Finish Trig,” she views the wishing well. “Go and get your soul mate!” She views her bloody ankles. “Be happy!”

Twelfth facee
I gallop to the twelfth and final facee, grinning. “I wish for a dozen roses from my man.” I feel excellence-greatness.
The twelfth faces stands, alone and smiling.
I slap Pox’s smile.
The twelfth facee morphs.
Pox holds a single rose and a handful of red balloons. The rounded balloons soar then bounce side to side.
I quickly stab, three times with the sword.
The balloons disappear.
I pick up the single rose, grinning. Then, I spin and dash in the opposite direction.
The force field prevents a forward motion, not a backward one.
I pick off the petals, whispering. “He loves me. He loves me not. He loves me. He loves me, not. He loves me…” 
The rose disappears.

The facee of Prewitt
I slide into the sand, smiling at Jacidee. I stand, lifting her beside into my right side, being about the same height and weight.
She is too heavy to tote, like a baby or a basket.
I drag her a few inches from the sand, avoiding any weight on her bloody feet.
The facee of Prewitt is slow moving.
I tarry her towards the image, saying. “The morphed image is a rose.”
“How’da ya know?”
I grin. “A long time ago, a male would give his woman a dozen roses for love, before they marred. The number of dozen is twelve. We have twelve different facees and a wish in the wishing well, finding our loving soul mate.” 
Jacidee gently touches the stationary and smiling facee of Prewitt on the arm.
The twelfth facee morphs.
Prewitt stands, holding a single rose and a handful of balloons, like the facee of Pox.
She grabs the rose, plucking it. Then, it disappears.
I view the sky ship, seeing the time element: 2:34:57 minutes.
I have completed Trig. I refuse to be un-engaged. I’ll ask Pox to marry me, or at least, provide me a child for my elderly days, just like my mama.

Wishing well
I drag Jacidee over the sand then ram us into the wooden railing of the wishing well. I narrow my eyelashes, looking down inside the well, seeing only darkness, frowning with confusion.
Jacidee slams her arm into the vertical post.
I see illumination of light plus a climbing ladder. I back step, grinning.
Prewitt races up the ladder, seeing her. He smiles, jumping out from the well, climbing over the railing.  “Gloriette!? Dang, darling, you look bad, bleeding and pink rashes. Do ya want me to carry back to the ship, sweetheart?” he curves his arms, walking towards her. “Hey! How’da ya release me from the wishing well? I thought our implants couldn’t communicate.”
I slap my arm to the post, saying and fingering her on the sands. “Jacidee did it. She can’t walk. The brier patch cut up her feet. Ya got to carry her, Prewitt, back to the transport.”
He frowns with worry then knees, sliding his arms under her legs.
She sobs with tears, frowning in pain.
He smiles, cuddling her. “Ah, doll! I’m here! Let’s get ya to the medical center on Starrtus. Then, we be married, baby! I’ll take ya to Gambo. You’ll love my farm. I grow fruits and flowers. Ya like roses. I got vines of pretty roses, just like you, darling.” He leaves, heading towards the pergolas.
Pox appears, smiling. “You…”
“…completed Trig. Thanks!” I nod and back step, feeling funny. I finish a dangerous run for a male that doesn’t care about marrying for love.
Pox approaches then cuddles her, not allowing Gloriette to break free. He kisses her lips, tasting, like sweet apple sauce. He smiles. “You completed Trig for me, love.” Pox swings them towards the pergola, pacing. “Ya look pretty beaten up and bleeding for me. I knew Tangent was rough, love. But, boy, you got cuts, slashes, and,” he frowns at her. “Is that pink poxes?”
“Poison ivy pox.”
He cuddles Gloriette almost lifting her from the sand, being taller and stronger. He smiles and says. “Ah, love! I’ll take ya to the refresher tub on the third floor. The heat heals a body within twelve hours, like a bath, but warm loving waves of solar lights, compliments of the North Pole.”
“Sounds, lovely.”
He kisses her dirty cheekbone, grinning. “I sorry, love. I was really nervous at our first introduction of Trig. I’m never been selected as a soul mate, before. Big responsible, there! Groom. Bride. Wedding. Marriage. Baby. Family. Whoa! I feel old at seventeen years old.”
“I…”
“Can you, please, forgive me, love? I’m not the only beau that screwed up. Unakite thought this entire thing was a dating club. He showed up in tryout, trying to steal sexy Jacidee from Prewitt,” chuckles. “Prewitt found out. We had to gag and tie Prewitt inside his chamber suite, until this morning. He was going to kill Unakite for the silly incident.”
I nod, smiling. “Prewitt dearly loves his soul mate.”
Pox stops then hugs her. “And, I love my soul mate, too. We will be getting married, after Trig is done on top of Mount Starrtus. Is that alright with you, Gloriette?”
“I…,” am shocked and stunned.
Pox walks, cuddling her. “Tomorrow, we’ll take the traditional sleigh ride around Starrtus. This world is, so beautiful, like my future bride.”
“I…” hear the roar. Then, I turn to my left, seeing a tidal wave.
Pox pulls ahead, yanking her arm.
We zag zig through the moving facees towards the grounded transports.
Pox stops.
I release his hand, sliding in the sand, view Jacidee on the sand. I scan for Prewitt.
Jacidee fingers the trees, saying. “Prewitt is rescuing Neekim.”
Pox squats, sliding arms under the legs of Jacidee. “Then, I’m rescuing you. Go, Gloriette! Get to the transport. I’ll carry her. You try to collect any belles along the way. Drag them towards the transport, before the wall of water hits the beach.”
We race around the tree stumps and sand dunes. The water surges under my boots then eats away the sand as I stumble forward then recover. The far pergola collapses under the water, when the attached transport hovers in the air.
I finger at the ship. “My transport’s leaving us. That was my pergola.”
Pox pants next to Gloriette, saying. “The time limit has expired. The ship’s moving away from the tidal wave.”
“We’ll miss the transport.” Then, I hear the roar of water.
Pox orders. “Go through the second passageway to the next transport.”
I stop, viewing Pox and Jacidee. “I’ll not leave you.”
He pants then gently kisses Gloriette on the cheekbone. “I’m grabbing the third pergola. The ramps are too narrow for two people. I want you, safe. Go, love!”
I dash over the ramp into the hatch then shuffle towards the viewing window.
The hatch closes as the engine roars.
“Pox,” I whisper, seeing him tote Jacidee over his shoulder.
He disappears into a different pergola.
I slump into the corner, crying.



Day 25
Starrtus auditorium
Cosine

I see a wall of numerous DOB colored in solid black for the deaths of the teens, walking towards the auditorium. I feel relief.
I stand in the archway, seeing the nineteen belles and nine beaus who survived the tidal wave.
The water flooded the wishing well, trapping the beaus, dead. Then, the wall of water drowned the running belles, who couldn’t reach a transport in time.
I see and hear on top of the stage platform.
Sechar hugs her soul mate Vrain, saying. “I’m so glad, this is over. I wanna go home to Playtus. We can marry, there, then live happily ever after on Gambo.”
Vrain cuddles her, smiling and nodding. “Me, you, and baby makes three, sweetheart!”
I view twelve-year-old Neekim on the sofa, crying.
Neekim didn’t complete the Trig, not saving her soul mate Ahrojo.
I see Jacidee inside Prewitt’s arms, smiling.
He sees Gloriette and then nods with a sour face.
No one is truly blissful, today.
I pass the row of girls.
Their soul mates died inside the wishing well. They stare at the floor, or the wall. The nine live beaus, out of thirty, had been retrieved by their soul mate, within the time limit of Tangent, before the tidal wave hit Tidie Beach.
The other surviving soul mate couples huddle, together, away from the newly single mourning belles. The couples include Custar and Dugway; Ametheta and Unakite; Zoar and Dorcia; Taris and Kitts; Tohatci and Okana; and Enon and Lalina.
I view Pox.
He stands against the wall, alone.
I run into his arms, feeling his hot-ness coupled my cold-ness of loss, saying. “I feel both sadness and happiness. I’m getting married, while others are attending funerals.” I pull back, nodding.
Pox says. “Tidie Beach has tidal waves, all the time.”
I say, nodding and saying. “I wish my mama could be at our wedding. But, I guess we can visit her for a short period, afterwards, then explore your farm on Gambo.”
Pox says. “We aren’t getting married, today, Gloriette.”
I frown. “Why, not?” Then, I view the row of girls. “The tragedy, of course! I sorry. I’m both selfish and eager to end Trig. Is there a formal memorial service? I saw the black colored DOBs.”
Pox frowns. “I don’t wanna marry you, Gloriette.”
I part from his hug, dropping my mouth. “I don’t,” exhaling.
Pox frowns. “I got catch up in the emotion and the excitement and then the exodus, yesterday. You run through Tangent for the both of us. I sorry. I don’t mean to hurt you, love.”
I nod. “Yes, I finished Trig for the both of us. I understand that you can call, un-engage on Mount Starrtus, today. That’s okay with me. We can be un-engaged and then move with our separate ways. I don’t want you to feel obligated about a marriage relationship, because of a two century old tradition, Trig. You were reserve at our first introduction.”
Pox hugs her, smiling. “You are both a fighter and a forgiver. You will be a good wife and mother, one day, Gloriette.”
I nod, smirking. “I’m so glad you find me both feisty and fragile. I want you to provide me a child, before our un-engagement. I understand this is acceptable. As a matter of fact, my daddy did this to my mama, too. I believe. Then, we call it even, slick.”
Phillipina glides from the rear wall towards the stage platform in her long gown, saying and nodding. “Condolences, today! Please, everyone sit in your appropriate section for the lecture.”
Pox frowns. “This is acceptable, but rare. I feel…”
I nod. “I am from Playtus. I will return to Playtus. Playtusians never leave the city for anything. I left Playtus to find. Love. However, I have found a computer pairing for a happy future with my own blood-line child. That’s all! There’s no obligation, or commitment, or visitation from you, Pox. On my world, females raise children, alone, all the time, except our family infrastructure houses the mother, grandmother, great grandmother, and great-great grandmother for support. My mama raised me, alone, without my daddy. And, she’s there to assist me with a child, her blood-line grandchild named Faywood.”
Pox smiles, winking. “Wow! That’s five generations of blood-line children on Playtus. I didn’t know. After hearing that well-spoken argument, I’d be honored to provide you a child based on the Trig laws.”
I grin, slightly then slap his bicep, “Thanks, cowboy!”
Pox nods.
We scoot away towards our appropriate section.
Phillipina stands at the foot of the stairs, talking to Sechar and Vrain.
Sechar and Vrain sit in the front row of the girls. Sechar nods to Vrain.
Vrain stands with Sechar, saying. “Good morning! We offer our sadness, feeling, like the other folks, today, among the moment of joy. I understand that we can be married on Mount Starrtus, today. I…we have enjoyed meeting all of ya’ll. I invite each one of ya’ll to visit us on our farm on Gambo, if you happen to land, there. Thank you.”
Prewitt stands, nodding. He fingers Jacidee. “Yeah! Me and Jacidee feel the same way, too. Ya’ll drop by and visit us, also. Well, thanks!” He sits.
Sechar and Vrain sit in the front row.
Phillipina stands on top of the stage, saying. “In Trig, the three functions are Sine, Tangent, and Cosine. You were assigned your Sine on the first day of Trig, indicated by the implant. Each one of your possess a triangle with the letters, A for a belle and B for beau. Sine is the shortest relationship between a belle and a beau. Some of you have successfully completed Tangent, the touch of your Sine through the facee in the second leg, of Trig. Within the law of Trig, there is one function left to complete, Cosine. Cosine is sharing the beau with another belle through a second Tangent or touch. Then, the Sine couple will form a perfect marriage union, thus ending Trig.”
I frown, viewing Pox.
He watches Phillipina.
She nods. “I have called Cosine.”
Jacidee stands in her cat suit and matching boots of orange, her family ID. She smiles and runs up the stage, facing the audience. She smiles, tossing both arms, “Cosine.” She smiles then accepts a cell from Phillipina. She straps the cell on her arm, waving both hands.
Phillipina says. “Your Cosine is who?”
Jacidee smiles at him. “Pox.”
I gasp then view Pox.
He grins and winks at Jacidee.
I view Prewitt.
He parts his lips, watching Jacidee.
Phillipina motions with her hand. “Please, come forward, Pox!”
Pox stands, smiling, struts on the other side of Phillipina.
Phillipina says. “Please, hold your hands over the computer.”
I slam the burn on my arm, seeing my triangle etched with three colored emerald green letters, A, B, C at the tips. Then, I view the stage.
Phillipina nods. “Now, you may kiss your Cosine.”
Pox grins. Jacidee smiles. They hold hands and then kiss.
I gasp, scooting towards my chair, not standing.
They emerge and smile. Jacidee giggles, viewing Gloriette then Pox, smiling.
Phillipina says. “The Cosine event is not timed by a clock, but by a challenger, during the second Tangent run. There are only six facees to touch, this time. The first belle to reach the sixth facee will cross the official finishing line. Gloriette is the Sine of Pox. If she is the first belle to the finish line, then she remains the Sine of Pox. However, if the Cosine reaches the finish line, first, then she is the Cosine. The Cosine will win Trig and marry Pox.”
“No!” I part my lips, viewing Pox.
Pox chuckles. Jacidee tickles his arm, giggling.
I frown, swinging to Prewitt.
He sits, viewing Pox and Jacidee with his lips parts and a pinched face then views Gloriette. He shakes his skull in confusion.
Phillipina smiles. “Please, return to your seats.”
Jacidee flies down the stairs back into her seat. Pox sits on the front row.
Phillipina says. “I have called Cosine.”
Neekim runs up the stage in her cat suit and boots of pink, giggling. She faces the audience then tosses her arms, “Cosine.”
Phillipina gives her the cell. “Your Cosine is Pox.”
“No!” I pant, seeing Pox walk up the stage for a second time.
Phillipina says. “Please, place your hands over the computer.”
Pox holds the hand of Neekim, smiling and winking at each other.
I feel the sting of the Cosine burning my arm for a second time. The triangle doesn’t change configuration, since a triangle is only three sides. The computer has let me know, there is a second contender for my man.
Phillipina smiles. “You may kiss your Cosine.”
Pox reaches over the computer then kisses Neekim. She giggles.
Phillipina says. “Don’t bother, returning to your suites. Tangent for the Cosines begins, now. Please, follow the DOB to your individual transport Gloriette, Jacidee, and Neekim.”
I stand, shaking ready to vomit. I must beat both Jacidee and Neekim to the finish line of the sixth and final facee, winning the second Tangent, while keeping Pox as my Sine. Or, I will never provide a fifth generation babe of Faywood.

Skbee Mountain
Tangent
I step off the transport, wearing clean jeans and dirty cowgirl boots.
Jacidee and Neekim stands on the left of my pergola.
I exhale, viewing the bright sky, smelling fresh air and cool winds. Then, I enter the pergola, watching the word: stop.
The word changes: go.
I dash onto the hard smooth rock, narrowing eyelashes in the far distance. I’m located on a mountain of rock, short trees, bushes, leaves, and water. I hear the river in the distance.
I reach a first facee of Pox in shirt, jeans, smiling with an upright palm. I am the first belle to arrive at my soul mate Pox, who is a fake facee, grinning.

First facee
The facee isn’t moving in a side to side, or zig zag pattern. I slap the palm.
The first facee morphs.
My body lands on a hard sloped rock then tumbles forward on my knees and elbows. I slide down into the cold water. I surface for air, dog paddling towards a muddy bank. I plant hands in the mud, kicking with my boots and then slide back into the water. “Dang, the river bank’s slick.” I dig nails into the soft mud and then kick my boots, leaping onto my knees.
I crawl over the mud, landing on my chest. I pant then breath. I wobble then stand, viewing hills of woodlands, before my face. I swing around, seeing calm lake water with a solo canoe, empty.
No paddle. No person. 
I rub my face, “Dang, Mama! I wished ya have told me about Trig. You did this and won. What do I do, here?” I search for the weapon of the facee, but I’m not being threatened with snakes or sharks. I giggle.
The canoe is alone in the water.
I’m on the bank, alone.
A perfect couple, I giggle.
I scoot down the muddy bank and then into the water. I paddle towards the canoe, not seeing any snakes or sharks. I giggle, climbing into the boat, sitting on the wooden seat.
The boat glides down the river.
Then, I magically land my butthole on the smooth rock surface back on the mountain, where I started.
I had completed the first facee.
I jump from the rock, smiling and standing. I scan the landscape for either Jacidee, or Neekim.
Missing.

Second facee
I gallop along the rock surface, locating the second facee, grinning. I stop in front the facee, guarding my treasure, scanning the landscape for either Jacidee, or Neekim.
Missing.
I slap the palm of the facee of Pox.
The second facee morphs.
I drop into water. I stand, wobbling my body side to side on top of a water wall. The waterfall crushes into the river, spraying my face, blinding my eyes.
Jacidee balances, well, on her flat boots, on the extreme end, moving forward toward Gloriette.
I move backward, balancing with my naked hands. I part my lips, yelling. “Jacidee, where’da ya get that knife, honey?”
She twirls it then slips sideways on her feet to the right, stopping her fall into the water. Jacidee cuddles the knife into her chest, smirking. “One of Prewitt’s weapons.”
I frown, back stepping. “Prewitt has real weapons, like a hunting knife.”
“For his Tangent run in Trig…”
“The male Tangent run uses real weapons, but each facee comes with its own weapon.”
“The facee has a fake weapon, darling. The males are lucky. They get to use a real sharp pointy instrument of destruction.”
“Jacidee, I ain’t dumb, here.”
“Ya be the dumbest belle, here. You didn’t even realize that, when I called Cosine, me and you would duel it to the death thing, darling,” she laughs.
I frown. “I saw you enter the pergola.”
“Then, I was beamed up into the sky ship,” she fingers the ship.
I view the star ship, hovering about the mountain.
She says. “I drew the number two, of the six facees for my visitation into your nightmare, Gloriette. Therefore, I’m here. I want Pox. He’s a prince.”
I gasp. “What?” 
“Ya proved my theorem. You be a dumb belle. I want to be the princess of Starrtus.”
“Jacidee, please, you can be princess of Starrtus. I’ll surrender Pox at the end of Trig. You can marry him.”
She stops then smirks. “Good trick, but you lie.”
“Pox doesn’t love me. Now, I understand. He loves ya. You can marry him. At the end of Trig, when I win, I become un-engaged to Pox. You can become un-engaged to Prewitt. Then, you and Pox can get engaged, and then get marry and live happily, where ever.”
She stops, viewing the water. “Who told ya that?”
“Prince Pox told me. He’s going to un-engage me, right after I finish my run on Trig.”
She frowns. “Pox is partial right, of course. The beaus have a Tangent run. So, Trig is only half way completed.”
I toss my hands. “Fine, I stick around and watch the other half of Trig, then you can have the un-engaged Pox.”
She smiles. “That would’ve worked out, beautifully, if Pox had told me that he loved me and wanted to un-engaged with you. Ya see, the flaw in your plan, you are still engaged to Pox. I’m still engaged to Prewitt.”
I frown. “Prewitt loves you.”
She stops, sighing. “He’s so cute and adorable. I really hate, breaking his heart, but I want to be an elegant princess, not a tough cowgirl.”
“Please, Jacidee, you don’t have to do this. I saved your life and your soul mate, yesterday.”
“Please, Gloriette. You should’ve read the rules on Trig. My mama taught me, good. And, thanks! You made my personal plans fall nicely into place, yesterday. I didn’t fake that, honey. It was real and really painful. I thought for a moment I would lose everything love, Pox, and princess.”
“I can’t drop out of Tangent. I don’t wanna lose love, too.”
She shakes her curls. “You can and shall. There’s nothing for you, here, dear.”
“Yes! There’s love for me, here. Once, I complete the run of Trig, I will un-engage from Pox. If you un-engage from Prewitt, then Pox and you are free to marry for becoming the prince and princess of Starrtus.”
She giggles. “Ah! I’m truly the blind girl, here. For someone deficient in Trig rules, you got that one absolutely correct. Prewitt was tutoring another belle, during the tryout for three hours, but I didn’t know who. Now, I do. You! You’re a naughty belle, Gloriette.”
I toss my hands. “I’m just stating cause and effect, here, Jacidee. ‘Cause, I was the belle. And, the effect was, we didn’t do nothing sweetness with the implants, silly girl. Prewitt talked all about you. He loves you.”
She smiles. “I love him, too. He’s very precious. But, he’ll find another belle. He’s the forgiving and forgetting type. I wish him, well.”
I nod, smiling. “Excellent choice. Brave attitude. We agree. So, you can toss that knife into the water, or over the mountain cliff, then we depart from the facee. We finish the run, alive.”
She shakes her curls. “Naw, sugar! You got the part of the engagement, right. But, ya don’t get the Cosine, right. Cosine means one belle wins the prince.”
I nod. “You be that belle, as soon as, Trig has ended.”
She shakes her curls. “Naw, darling, Cosine means one belle finishes the run by slapping the sixth Facee.”
I frown. “I understand, Jacidee. I have to slap the sixth facee, being that one belle. Or, I get disqualified from Trig. If I don’t complete the Tangent run, then I can’t be un-engaged from Pox. Then, I go home, without love, p…”
Prewitt,” she chuckles. “You keep repeating the wrong beau, Gloriette. Good thing! The tangent runs aren’t televised. Then, the entire world would know about your betraying heart.”
I frown. “Too bad! Then, the entire world would see you threatening me, including Pox.”
Jacidee stops, frowning. “You are so dull, girl. Why do you think I fell into facee number two?”
I frown. “You drew that number.”
“Let me give ya a bigger hint! Why do you think I’m holding a hunting knife used to kill annoying pests?”
“You’re threatening me to give up Pox, since you called Cosine on Starrtus. And, I’m going to do just that, right after the end of Trig.”
She exhales. “Cosine is a battle of the two original Sines, Gloriette. It’s labeled with a deadly prefix, ‘co,’ meaning ‘to share’ one beau. However, two belles can’t share one beau. Therefore, one belle has to die. That be ya, non-friend.”
I part my lips. “Cosine is a duel of foes, non-friend. I beat your butthole then morph off the waterfall, first. I’ll rush to the rest of facees and win the belle of the ball.”
“Naw, sweetie! Cosine in the second Tangent run only allows one belle to exit the facee.”
I gasp. “I have to kill you.”
She winks. “Naw, babe, I have to kill you. Then, I win both Tangent and Pox.”
I leap sideways into the water, having a better chance with the knife than on the slippery ledge.
Jacidee part her lips then smirks, jumping into the pool. The water rises to her kneecaps.
I swim around the water, diving towards the bottom, watching her boots.
She sloshes towards Gloriette.
I surface for air then circle around side to side inside the water, swimming with both arms and boots. I pass beside her and then behind her. I swim across the water then hit a rock wall parallel to the pool ledge.
The rock wall is submerged under the surface, also, where the exceed water drains over it and then down the 600 feet waterfall.
 I surface for air, seeing Jacidee on the opposite of the pool then dive. I swim, along the hidden wall, using my hand for push-off speed and then ram forward, using the back of her legs.
Jacidee falls forward into the water, losing the knife. She stands then spins at Gloriette.
I stand, when her hands slap against my hands.
We slap our faces and shoulders side to side, kicking each other under the water.
I slap her to my right into the hidden rock wall.
She lands on her hips. Jacidee flies across the slick water over the slimy wall ledge then hangs by her slick boot ankles.
“No!” I slap my body over the hidden wall.
Jacidee screams.
I view Jacidee, falling off the slick water wall and then close my eyelashes.
I slide off the wall stumbling backwards into the water, gliding towards the position of the hunting knife, before the second facee ends.
I swiftly skim the rough bottom then feel it. I lift it into the air.
Then, I land on my knees inside the soft muddy stream back onto the rock mountain.
The knife metal gleams in the sunlight. I roll to the left, lying in the mud, exhaling.
Tangent isn’t timed.
Therefore, I can stay and play all day long, here, on the rock mountain.
I smell the strawberries, growing wild along the cracks of the rock. I see bright clouds, moving across the blue sky. I taste the cool wind, breathing deeply for life. I touch the smooth warm rock, wiping the water off my hand. I feel numb, alone, scared, and shocked.
Based on my learned information, Neekim waits for me inside one of the remaining four facees.
I feel the smooth steel of the hunting knife in my other hand. I have acquired a weapon. I have to kill Neekim. I have to murder to win Tangent, un-engage from Pox, marry Prewitt, and have a baby, all in that order.
I whisper. “I do this for a baby, or go home to my mama, alone,” exhaling.
I twirl then stand, moving towards the green low bush plants. I slice off the green leaves then kneel, measuring the knife against my cowgirl boots, my favorite pair.
My cowgirl boots are twelve inches tall. The knife is eight inches of blade, a nice pairing.
I slice deep between the thick leather seams of the boots, creating a hidden pouch, carrying along the sharp hunting knife into the next facee environment.
I quickly drop my body into an odd physical place, without warning and balance. So, I want to retain the weapon for future usage.
Jacidee was prepared for me. So, Neekim has been prepped for me, too.
I pack the small slit with tree leaves, decorating the outer part of my boot then repeat the process on the other boot.
Surprise is a formable ally over death.
I exhale then stand, stomping my leg and boot on the hard rock, ensuring the knife is packed tightly into it new hidden pouch. The knife doesn’t shift. I nod, sneering. “I do this for a baby, or go home to my mama, alone.”

Third facee
I slowly stroll to the third stationary facee, without fear of a rear attack. I rest my aching muscles and control my breathing for the next heart-thumping shock.
I stand in front of the facee of Pox, exhaling. I gently touch his upright palm.
The third facee morphs.
I land on boots then slide down on top of the smooth solid rock, running and balancing my upright body with a heavy object on my back. The sloped rock edge ends.
I scream, hurling into air. I’m free falling from the rock into the air, going down.
The squirrel parachute opens, whipping me side to side, through the air from a 500 feet cliff edge, going down to the ground. I travel forward with both arms extended and legs apart.
I soar left over the tree tops.
The birds fly with me then right over the pond lake, watching the frogs leap from the lily flowers. I glide in a downward motion over the patch of wildflowers, scaring the rabbits.
I giggle with fun.
I fly over a meadow ahead of the running horses. I sail towards the painted circle in the soft grass. The wind catches the wings of my parachute then up lifts me, vertically.
I slam a foot into the soft flat grass.
Then, I slam another boot into the wild flowers of the rock mountain, stumbling forward on my knees. I still, exhaling and inhaling.
I giggle.
I slowly stand, wiping off flower petals.

Fourth facee
I walk towards the fourth stationary facee. I slap the upright hand of Pox.
The fourth facee morphs.
I land in a valley of flowers, hearing.
“Mademoiselle Gloriette…”
“Dang, the nightmare comes true.” I swing around.
Neekim wears her pink jumpsuit, boots, and a hip hostler with a pearl handle hand gun.
Ugly people kill, not pretty guns.
I spin around, running across the tall weeds and wildflowers and then slow at the wall of rock. I frown then twist behind my collar bone.
Neekim gallops her small body, fast.
I exhale then climb the short wall and stand. I hold two hands outward then slide off into the meadow.
The ledge is too narrow for my big boots.
I climb up, again, and then crawl on hands and knees over a narrow rock ledge. I slide right, catching the wall edges, exhaling. I look behind my collar bone.
Neekim slowly walks on her smaller feet, being twelve years old.
I crawl over the rock ledge then land on my hands. I stand and run. I view the top of the cliff, going straight up and over a flat plateau. I twist behind my collar bone.
Neekim stops then whips out her hand gun, aiming at Gloriette.
I freeze in pose.
She squeezes the trigger.
Nothing!
I whisper. “One.”
Neekim frowns then views the barrel of the gun.
I exhale then turn, climbing an extreme vertical asset of staircase steps. I reach the top then crawl and stand on top of another stone wall. I twist my face around.
Neekim tucks the gun inside the hip hostler then climbs the wall, very quickly, being of small body frame.
I walk backwards then whip around, viewing three separate cliffs of varied height. I run to the lowest one then gasp.
One foot wide planks of wood in tact and suspended between the two rock tips with twin ropes.
I view behind my fanny.
Neekim runs up the stairs showing only her hair roots.
I swing around, stepping a right foot onto the first plank. The bridge swings wildly side to side along with my stomach. I close my eyelashes, exhaling.
I open eyelashes, concentrating on the far away solid big tan colored boulder in the shape of a sitting person. I step the other feet onto the second plank, gliding both hands over the rough ropes, without viewing, a drop of 200 feet straight down into a roaring river, but I can’t hear the roaring part. I slowly dash across the hundred foot suspended bridge, reaching the other side. I flip around.
Neekim stops then jerks the gun at Gloriette. She shoots.
Nothing!
I say. “Two.” I whip around, viewing three different pathways into the thicket of tall trees. I select the middle one, running into the trees, slicing into my arms and shirt from the sharp protruded needles, coming from the prickly leaves. I slam the tree limb, when it breaks. I fall down and land hard onto the smooth rock, rubbing the red burns on my biceps.
Neekim runs, following where Gloriette disappeared into the middle thicket of trees, scanning for her.
I kneel then try to stand, cussing and falling onto the other knee. My injured knee buckles from aching pain.
Neekim slides through the loose pebbles and protruding tree branches, too, then stop on the rock plateau, landing on knees. She stands, not smiling and then jerks the hand gun from the hostler. She aims at Gloriette.
I slide around, facing Neekim. I slowly stand, bending my injured knee with pain. I swing around, seeing another dropout of the plateau onto a small piece of rock edge. I view her with my arms in the air. “Neekim, please, don’t do this?” I back pedal towards the edge.
“I have the gun.” Neekim pants.
I wave my arms. “You have Pox. I give up! Okay! You can go ahead of me and run out the facee.”
She shakes her curls. “I can’t leave this facee, until one of us is dead. That was made very clear to me. You think me, dumb, girlfriend.”
“Naw, darling!” I exhale. “I be the dumb one, here.”
Neekim stands behind the rock, aiming the gun at Gloriette. She squeezes the trigger.
Nothing!
I whisper. “Three.” I yell to Neekim with a sour tone. “No bullets. The hand gun has no more bullets. You have been deceived, Neekim.”
“I saw her load the gun.” Neekim views the barrel, blowing a quick breathe into the dark barrel hole. Then, she aims it at Gloriette, again.
I raise both hands. “You were beamed from the sky ship…”
She frowns, lowering the gun. “How’da ya know that?”
I nod. “I study my e-pone equations. The Starrtus sky ship beamed you into this facee. You can have Pox. I give him up, truly. We both can leave this facee, alive and breathing.”
“No.” She aims the gun then shoots at Gloriette.
Nothing!
I whisper. “Four.” I exhale, saying. “Stop! Look! Listen to me! The gun must be defeated from the beam-in. You’re twelve years old, studying quantum leaps. The weapon’s damaged. So, we both win. Just call the ship! The ship can do a beam-out on me. I surrender to you, Neekim. I will beam-out. You can complete the other two remaining facees and then win Trig.”
“No!” She aims the gun then shoots.
Nothing!
I whisper. “Five.”
Neekim views the barrel.
I rush forward, pulling the knife from my boot then fall onto the rock. My knee buckles with pain. I drop the knife then crawl towards the rock, sitting on my fanny. I touch the rock stone with my back.
Neekim sneers, swinging around Gloriette. She scoots towards the knife, kicking away her and Gloriette.
I watch the knife tumble over the edge, disappearing. I view Neekim.
She holds the gun, sneering. “You tried to trick me. I can’t handle a gun. I’ve never handled a gun. I’m an electronics programmer on Playtus. Now, I’m going to be a princess on Starrtus. Pox is a prince of Starrtus.”
“Ya don’t say, Neekim,” I frown.
She aims then fires the gun.
I crouch into a ball, when the single bullet hits above my skull. Rock pebbles fall over my hair roots.
Neekim tumbles backwards, falling off the plateau from the kick of the hand gun. She didn’t know that would happen, when it fired, being only twelve years old.
I unfold, shaking with fright then scoot along the smooth rock. I view the edge of the plateau.
Neekim landed on her back, staring with eyeballs into the sky. The gun held inside her hand.
I land on my stomach on the rock, exhaling. I struggle then sit on my fanny, stretching out my kneecap, rubbing the ache, and pulling green leaves from my boots. I poke around, feeling no sprain or cuts, just a bruise feeling.
I can’t remove my jeans to see the injury.
The refresher tub will heal my wounds, tonight.
I exhale and roll right then gingerly stand on the good knee. I pull upright then bend my bad knee, pain. “Deal with it!”
I limp then walk, very slow, stretching the tendon.

Fourth facee
I flick dry leaves into the air, walking toward the facee. I slap the face of the Pox.
The fourth facee morphs.
I land on top of the horizontal wing, a flying airplane, biting my tongue. “No!” I spit blood from my lips, when the harness slaps my arm. I use my free hand to tether my body to the metal round bolt. I pant then breathe then cuss. I feel frightened.
I stand on hands and boot toes, as the cold wind drifts around me. My long hair blows into my face.
I face the cockpit, empty.
I have to sit inside the pilot’s seat to terminate the fifth facee, “Dang!” I crawl three feet then slam to the metal, avoiding a real flying bird. I view the bird then view the flying direction. Clear.
I stand then crawl faster and then slam the metal.
The plane performs a looping roll.
I bleed nails into the metal, holding my breath from the g-force of the winds, hitting my face.
The plane straightens into a horizontal direction.
I stand and crawl into the cockpit, without a door.
I scoot into the pilot’s chair, seeing lighted instrumentation. The steering column shifts slightly right to left. I grab it.
The plane goes straight upwards, very fast,
My stomach goes straight down into my boots. Then, the plane slows and then loses powers. “Naw! Start!” I punch buttons.
The plane falls forward.
My stomach rises into my dry throat.
The plane dives straight down towards the forest.
I scream then land on my butthole on top of the soft leaves of the mountain. I lay on my back, exhaling and inhaling. I close my eyelashes. I roll over and then stand, wobbling forward towards the sixth and final Facee.
I feel excellence-greatness.

Sixth facee
I wipe blood from my lips then stand, before the sixth and last facee. I feel both numb and happy. I survived both attacks. “I do this for a baby, not returning home to my mama, alone.”
I slap the palm of the Pox.
The sixth facee morphs.
I slide down the playground slide then stomp the sand, running and catching the rotating merry-go-round.
I spin around two times then slide off towards a single swing seat. I land and swing back and forth then leap in the air, giggling. I land on the see-saw seat, grinning.
The seat rises swiftly then I fly into the air, soaring towards a trampoline. I step onto the rubber, bouncing in crazy poses for fun, giggling and smiling.
The last air lift draws me up towards a door on the second level.
I stand at the closed door. I look behind.
The playground equipment still rotates from my inertia cool moves.
I’m still inside the sixth facee. I frown then lightly touch the door knob. I feel warmth then smile.
This is the force field parameter.
I twist the knob, entering.

Sitting room
I smell kindle from the burning wood.
The room is well-lighted with occupied loveseats of beaten and bloody belles and emotional beaus. I hear classical music then see Pox.
He sits inside a loveseat, alone, smiling at Gloriette.
I exhale then tumble onto my bad knee.
Pox dashes to catch Gloriette, cuddling her, smiles. “Ah, love! Ya made it. I knew you would. You’re a strong fighter, Gloriette. Ya completed Tangent for the both of us,” chuckles. “Ya came in last, thou. But, that’s okay. The run isn’t timed, only terminated, when the last belle shows. We be going back to your suite. But I think ya need another dip in the refresher tub.”
“Yeah!” I exhale. I limp towards the loveseat.
Custar displays a pair of busted lips, a bandaged hand, and two slashes across her cheekbone.
Pox sits on the loveseat with Gloriette, saying. “Custar had fought against Frazley, winning the battle and her soul mate Dugway, a second time, too.”
Sechar shows a knee brace, a bandaged arm, and a big bruise on her forehead.
Pox chuckles. “Sechar beat on Ney, keeping her man, Vrain. She’s another good fighter like you, love.”
Ametheta possesses a black eye, a bandaged shoulder, and rips in her jumpsuit. Unakite tapes her torn clothing with tender love and care.
Pox sours. “Ametheta had to fight with Kitts. Kitts declared Cosine with Unakite, even thou she was paired with her soul mate Taris, who was alive and breathing.”
Prewitt sits in a loveseat, alone.
I killed his soul mate Jacidee. So, I could…a) live…b) keep my soul mate…c) have a baby.
I exhale, rubbing my injuries, scanning the small room. “Zoar’s soul mate!?”
“Dorcia died inside one of the facees.”
“I almost did, too.”
Young thirteen year old Taris sits alone, without his soul mate. Kitts had fought and lost to Ametheta.
Sixteen year old male Tohatci stares at the floor, too.
Pox says. “Tohatci’s soul mate Okana couldn’t finish the second Tangent. She became injured and decided to go home to Playtus, to live with her mama, alone and childless.”
I exhale, rubbing my knee. “Dang, that’s brute.”
Pox says. “Enon lost his soul mate Lalina, during her battle with Martella. Both belles got wounded and died inside the Facee.”
“Double dang, that’s more brutal, living more belles.” I exhale, viewing the sad beaus.
The second Tangent run survived with four coupled belles and beaus plus five single beaus.



Day 26
Starrtus auditorium
Cosine

I stand at the archway, smelling the fresh flowers. I have, finally, retired my torn faded blue jeans and ripped cowgirl boots for a pretty formal gown of emerald green with matching silk elbow length gloves, my family ID theme color. I feel prettily gorgeous.
I have successfully completed Trig, surviving two Tangent runs and living. I feel awesome-greatness.
Then, I healed inside the refresher tub, making me look, glowing pale and brightly happy, today.
“Mademoiselle Gloriet…ta,” Madam DOB hands the pretty arm bouquet of pink roses.
I accept the pretty pink roses, complimenting my green gown, elegantly strolling towards Prewitt. I giggle and wink at him.
Prewitt smiles and winks to Gloriette.
Pox grabs Gloriette by the gloved arm, smiling at Prewitt, says. “May I have the last word, Gloriette?”
“Shore!” I wink at Prewitt then waddle away with Pox.
Pox walks Gloriette from Pox, standing near the wall, saying. “You’re really pretty in a dress, too, Gloriette.”
I curtsey, smiling. “Thank you. However, I do find both the jeans and boots much more durable, under the distress and stress of the nasty competition in Trig.”
Pox winks. “I have learned and will remember that trick, too.” He views the rear wall then her. “This is the ceremony to respect the life of the living and the honor the dead of the dead teens.”
I exhale. “A reoccurring theme on my home city, also.”
Pox nods. “I don’t want to marry, you, Gloriette.”
I view the floor then smile at him. “I remember our bargain. I don’t want to marry you, either, Pox.”
He views Prewitt then her. “We, finally, concur with our agreed upon final solution. I don’t want to marry you, either. I promise. I will announce un-engaged, today. You’ll be free of Trig and then leave Starrtus for your home.”
I smile, nodding. “You have been wonderful to me in Trig.”
“I want to convey the same feelings. We really are a good paired of fighters.”
I giggle. “Jacidee told me, that you really are a prince of Starrtus, here.”
He smiles. “And, you’re still not impressed.” 
I nod. “I’m impressed. I love the beauty of Starrtus, but I, also, love…”
He winks at her. “Jacidee was both cute and clever, but I believe the best belle won Trig.”
I nod, grinning. “Thank you!”
Pox leaves, moving away from Gloriette and the wall.
I skip into Prewitt arms, giggling. “We will be married, today. I’m so happy.”
Phillipina glides from the rear wall towards the stairs. She walks up the stairs then stands on the platform. “Good delights, belles and beaus! Please, sit in your appropriate sections for the next lecture of Trig.”
I sit inside the left section with the surviving four belles: Sechar, Custar, Ametheta, and me. I pat the bouquet of pretty flowers, stealing quick glances at Prewitt. I feel awesome-happiness.
We both giggle and smile at each other.
I feel truly love.
Phillipina stands in front of the computer, again.
I gasp, viewing Pox.
Pox stares at Phillipina.
I feel nervousness-anticipation. Then, I look at Prewitt.
Prewitt stares at the princess.
I feel sickening-worriment.
Phillipina says. “In Trig, the three functions are Sine, Tangent, and Cosine for the belles. Each belle was assigned her Sine, on the first day of Trig, indicated by her implant. On that day, the implant had designated a triangle with the letters, A for ‘a belle’ and the letter, B for ‘beau.’ Upon the second day, only a handful of belles successfully completed Tangent, the touch of your Sine through the facee of your soul mate. Therefore, the belle saved her beau, her designated Sine, before the disaster. She exhales. “A tidal wave took away the remaining beaus trapped inside the wishing well, when the electronic warning signal did not operate, being shorted by the falling water. Then, a handful of belles could not reach the sky transport, in time, drowning in the massive wall of ocean water.” She bows her head in silence.
I bow my head, praying about the lost belles, feeling sadness.
Phillipina says. “Within the law of Trig, the Cosine function…”
Nineteen year old Enon stands, tossing his arms, “Cosine.”
Phillipina nods, grinning. “You are a most eager, young beau. Please, sit! I’ll get to that part, very soon. On the third day of Trig, the function of Cosine was called. All the remaining engaged, but newly widowed belles, also, participated in the second Tangent run, calling ‘Cosine’ against each Sine belle. Thus far, after the completion of the second Tangent for Cosine, there are four Sine belles left. Please stand!”
Claps invade the quiet auditorium.
I slowly stand along with the three other belles, viewing Prewitt.
Prewitt smiles and claps for Gloriette.
I view Pox.
He stands against the wall, nodding to Gloriette.
Phillipina smiles. “Please, sit belles!” She views the beaus. “Within the law of Trig, the beaus must compete and complete in their own version of Tangent. However, the beau Tangent is slightly modified. Since, the version is paired with Cosine. Therefore, each beau must run a Tangent, also, facing a facee of your Sine belle, or your Cosine belle.” She pauses, smiling. “This step is very important for the beau. You must run Tangent. Or, you will be ineligible for any lovely belle in the city of Playtus. I have called, Cosine.”
Enon smiles and stands, galloping up the stairs in his jeans and boots, facing the audience. He tosses his arms, “Cosine.”
Phillipina smiles, handing the cell to Enon.
Enon straps the cell onto her arm, waving both hands.
She says. “Your cosine is who?”
Enon smiles. “Gloriette.”
I gasp then view Pox. He frowns, staring at Enon.
Then, I view Prewitt. He smiles at her, nodding.
I feel frightful-nervousness.
Phillipina motions with her hand. “Please, come forward, Gloriette.”
I stand, not smiling. I view my arm, seeing my colored triangle etched with emerald green letters, A and B, only. The letter, C has disappeared, because I killed both Jacidee and Neekim in Cosine. Then, I view the stage, strolling up the stairs. I feel greatly anxiousness.
Phillipina says. “Please, hold your hands over the computer.”
I hold his large rough hands with my small hands, feeling sorta weirdness-funny.
Enon chuckles, nodding at Gloriette.
I feel greatly nervousness.
Phillipina nods. “Now, you may kiss your Cosine.”
Enon leans over the small monitor, when I present my closed lips.
We slightly touch soft flesh.
Enon tastes, like maple syrup to my closed lips, not sour grapes. I pull back, not smiling, releasing his hand gripe, feeling weirdness-confusion.
When I touch Prewitt on the lips, I taste sour grapes.
I feel curiousness-puzzlement.
Enon raises both his arms, smiling. “Yee-haw!”
I view Pox. He frowns at Enon. Then, I look at Prewitt. He sneers at Enon. I feel frightened-befuddlement.
Phillipina says. “Cosine is not timed by a clock, but by a challenger. Pox is the Sine of Gloriette. If he is the first beau to the finish line, then he remains the Sine of Gloriette. However, if the Cosine reaches the finish line, then he is the Cosine. The Cosine will win Trig and marry Gloriette.”
I stare at the older male, not wanting to marry Enon. I love Prewitt. I smirk at Prewitt.
Prewitt smirks and nods at Gloriette.
I feel wicked-victorious.
Phillipina smiles, “Please, return to your seats.”
I pad down the steps into a seat, on the front row. We, all, will be leaving for the second Tangent run, shortly, like the last time.
Phillipina says. “I have called, Cosine.”
Zoar stands, without fanfare. He marches to the computer, facing the audience. “Cosine.”
Phillipina gives him the cell. He straps to his naked arm. She says. “Your Cosine is who.”
“Gloriette,” he smiles at Pox.
I swing at Pox. He frowns and sneers at Zoar. I stroll to the stage, a second time, eyeballing Pox.
He stands, sneering.
I hold both of Zoar’s hands. He chuckles, leaning over the computer.
Phillipina says. “Ya’ll don’t need me, anymore. Your hands are placed over the computer. You may kiss your Cosine.”
I feel his raw hands from farming and then close my eyelashes. I touch his rough flesh of lips, tasting strawberry bubble gum. I pull away both my hands and face.
He winks at me.
I feel weirdness-fearful.
I view my arm, seeing no change in the letters, A and B. I view Pox.
Pox stands and paces back and forth in anticipation. He probably feels his triangle, stinging his arm under the jacket. The other beaus wear shirt and jeans. Pox is a prince, wearing his formal attire: jacket, shirt, cell necktie, and boots.
I only possess this knowledge from the other belles and beaus at Trig.
Phillipina says. “Don’t bother returning to your suites. Tangent for the beau Cosines begins, now. Please, follow the DOB to your individual transport Pox, Enon, and Zoar.”
I stand, viewing Prewitt. He nods and grins.

Mount Starrtus
Log cabin

I step off the sky transport, wearing a fur coat down to my ankles, over my gown, seeing snow, ice and a log cabin.
Ametheta fingers, leading. “This is our wishing-well.”
“I wish it was warmer then sixteen degrees, below zero.” Custar frowns, stomping through snow over hard pavement.
Ametheta giggles. “The air temperature is only twenty three below zero. You got a fur coat. Don’t complain! The fishies don’t.”
Sechar follows Ametheta into the log cabin, saying. “The fishes live in freezing water. I live in a hot, sizzling city.”
I squat, touching the delicate and pretty snow. The flakes melt into my warm glove. I smile, feeling delight.
I step inside a bright room with a set of roof solar panels, illuminating the large room.
The room holds three walls of windows, showing the breath-taking view of the mountains, ice, and snow caps.
Sechar stands in the room, parking hands on hips. “Why are we not at a luxurious suite with flowers, candies, candles, and a roaring fireplace, instead of a cold bright ugly room?”
Ametheta says. “Princess Phillipina selects the environment menu for Trig. She has chosen Mount Starrtus.”
Custar pads around the room. “Whatever!”
Ametheta touches the wall. A plasma appears among the naked eyeballs.
I frown, viewing the screen. “You seem to know your way about this log cabin, Ameaniethere.”
Custar giggles. “Ameaniethere,” then she winks at Ametheta.
Ametheta sneers then swings to Gloriette, smiling. “Pox told me, the secret of Cosine.”
I nod, ripping off the fur coat then toss it into an empty sofa. “You seem to know your way around Pox, too.”
Ametheta smiles, ripping off her fur coat then tosses it into an empty sofa. “Pox tells me, lots of secrets of Trig.”
I scoot around the structure then stare out the window. I feel frightful-worriment.
Sechar tosses her fur onto the sofa. “Is there food?”
Ametheta fingers the open archway. “The right door holds a kitchen with food and beverages. The left door is the girl’s power room for bodily functions. The other doors are part of the log cabin, not accessible.”
Custar stares at the plasma. “I’ll too nervous to eat. I don’t see four pergolas, instead, there are four colorful dots. There’s a red, green, blue, and purple.”
I lounge inside a sofa, watching the plasma, studying the colored dots of the beaus.
Sechar says. “That’s our boys!” She returns with food, sitting on the sofa with Custar. “Vrain is royal blue one. My family identification society color is royal blue.”
Custar smiles. “O! That’s clever. I see Dugway in the color purple. Gloriette is emerald green. Everyone knows your family identification society color.”
I view Custar, frowning. “Really!?”
Custar smiles, nodding. “So, the red color is Ametheta. What building number are you located in on Playtus, honey?”
Ametheta smirks, “A really tall one. You’ll see the beaus on the screen. Then, when a facee is touched, the colored dot will disappear. So, don’t have a heart attack, Custar.” Custar nods, watching the screen. Ametheta says. “The fighting inside the facee, since we, all know what occurs, in there. Then, a beau will emerge, so be alerted it may, or may not be your Sine.
Custar nods. “Dugway will emerge, unsuccessfully.”
Ametheta smirks. “Pox will be triumphant, too.”
Sechar giggles. “Yeah, he will. Then, you get to marry Unakite, or be, alone, the rest of your non-beauty days and nights.”
Ametheta sneers. “I will not be alone, or face sadness, either.”
Sechar frowns. “What does that mean?”
Ametheta. “Pox will win, also, but I don’t know about Prewitt.”
“Prewitt!?” I swing to Ametheta, frowning. She smirks at me.
Custar nods, watching the plasma. “Yeah, the flaw in the Trig concept, the Sines never get to see the completed photos of their beaus. That’s what’s my mama told me.”
I view Ametheta. “I left. What happened, after I left the auditorium?”
Sechar says. “A challenge on Prewitt.”
Custar says. “Prewitt is facing Cosine.”
Sechar views the screen, eating. “I don’t understand why Prewitt had to run Tangent. He don’t have a Sine belle, or a Cosine belle, or a plain ole belle. No one is watching, or waiting for him, when he emerges from the Tangent run. Why isn’t Mount Starrtus on the plasma, too?
Custar frowns. “Yeah! Why did Taris yell Cosine on Prewitt?”
“Prewitt!?” I swing around viewing Custar.
Custar nods. “After you, Pox, and the gang of Cosines for Pox left the auditorium, then Taris jumps up, yelling Cosine. He’s challenging a dead girl. That makes no freaking sense.”
Sechar says. “This is Trig. Nothing makes no freaking sense, here, on Starrtus. My mama didn’t tell me hoot about implants, dead, or fights.”
Ametheta giggles. “It’s called an elimination round, doll, for the beaus. When one beau is dead, then another beau can grab a belle. It’s a compliment to the belles of Playtus. Taris wants to marry one of ya’ll belles. When the Tangent run is done, then the un-engaged beaus get to select the left over Sines, if any.”
Custar says. “There’re nine beaus left…”
“…alive,” Sechar nods. “By the end of Tangent, there might be five beaus for five belles, us.”
Ametheta nods. “That’s the point of Trig. You marry your Sine, or you call, un-engage. Then, you can marry any un-engaged beau, if he desires your family theme. If not, then you can actually do a second run of Trig.”
Sechar tosses her hands. “Forget it! I be done with the run. I’m marrying Vrain, tomorrow. Is the wedding televised for my mama on Playtus?”
“To the world, while your mama watches, cries, and prays.” Custar nods, chewing the food.
Sechar views the plasma. “Why isn’t all Tangent runs televised?”
Ametheta views Gloriette, smirking. “Some folks faint from sliced limbs and dripping blood. Right, Gloriette?”
I grin. “I don’t faint from your dripping blood, Ametheta, later, maybe.” I stand. “But, I do feel faint, pondering my Pox is fighting for his life with three other Cosines. I need to pray. Is there a chapel inside the log cabin?”
Ametheta smirks. “Mount Starrtus is the beautiful sight of all the upcoming weddings inside the church,” she fingers the archway. “Go out the left door, then down the hallway. There’s a big chapel room for the marriages. You can’t miss it.”

Chapel
I race down an empty hallway, dashing into each open door. I stop.
The sign reads: Chapel.
I giggle and enter then gently close the double doors, swinging toward the windows. I see numerous sky ships over the city. I run to the electronic box under the plasma, fiddling with the wires using a small screwdriver.
The Starrtus star ships have the ability to beam matter from ground to air one-thing-at-time. The ability of beaming a human is both fragile and dangerous.
Inside my first Tangent run, the bulls were beamed one bull-at-a-time into that specific facee, including the precious tiny litter of kittens. They were beamed one kitten-at-a-time, since the size doesn’t matter.
The matter does the mattering.
If you beam two things at the same time, then the guts, blood, and bone will fuse, together, creating a single entity, usually barely alive and then quietly dies. Plus, the human brain patterns are more complex than a mammal, thus an accident will cause permanent damage or death to the human, too.
Jacidee took a big chance, beaming from the ship into the second facee to kill me.
Each ship carries a colored flag of the original Sine, since a Playtus family unit is identified by a theme color.
My triangle shows the emerald green on the letters.
Ametheta is red.
Sechar is royal blue.
Jacidee is burnt orange.
Neekim is magnetic pink.
I tap into the electronics, picking out the orange flagged ship. Prewitt was transported to the frozen snow, but his challenger is there, waiting.
I was offered to lounge inside my sky ship, during my voyage, but opted to stay inside the cabin.
Currently, the belle Sines are more precious than royal princesses.
The surviving five beau Sines will marry and live happily ever after. Therefore, each Starrtus star ship is on stand-by to beam us away, if something happens. Unlike the first Tangent run, where both belles and beaus were enduring both the stress and test of Trig. So, many belles failed and died.
I slam the control, creating a beam cylinder. Then, I see it materialize inside the middle of the empty chapel. I smile, prancing into the light then close my eyelashes, hugging my body.
The beaming, also, makes me sick.

Orange colored sky ship
Beam-room

I blink my eyelashes inside the beam-room, alone.
The DOBs also pilot the star ship, monitor the facees, and guard no persons.
I do not know the exact layout of the sky ship, but I know every functioning electronic part of the ship. The electronic components are build on Playtus, then sold and shipped to Starrtus for construction.
My mama requires a complete understanding of the electronic world.
The beam-room components stay heated and must be housed in the middle of the ship. The cockpit is located on the right side of the beam-room. The engine-room is left. The engine-room components are in the rear of the ship, being extremely hot and volatile with burning steam. The middle section of the star holds a few sleep-rooms and one eating-room for guests, since DOBs do not eat or sleep.
I stroll out the beam-room then turn right into an empty hallway. I pass by the open archway of the cockpit with three DOBs working.
The robots monitor the plasmas, too. Any DOB has to be programmed for guard duty. The Madam DOB-32 dummy operational bodies are both, the pilots and navigators, not guard or servant robots.
I turn left, slowly walking down an empty hallway. I pass the eating-room. Empty. I pass a sleep-room. Empty. I pass a second sleep-room. Empty. I hear noise.
I slap against the wall then peek around the open archway, seeing Taris.
His soul mate was killed by Ametheta, during the belle Cosine. She wanted to marry Unakite, instead of Taris.
Unakite is a cute, big, bossy red headed cowboy. He and tall bossy Ametheta fit, so well, together, in dual matching personalities.
But, Ametheta loves Pox. She sent Neekim to kill me, so Pox would become engaged and widowed. So, Ametheta would become un-engaged to Unakite, and then marry Pox.
However, I killed Neekim and survived Cosine.
Vrain will win Tangent, marrying his soul mate, Sechar. Dugway loves Custar, winning Tangent and marrying her.
Taris is engaged and widowed, thus marrying an un-engaged belle. If Taris kills Prewitt and Pox is killed, then he can marry me. I don’t want to marry Taris. I love Prewitt. I want to marry him, not Pox.
I slide into the eating-room, punching a button, when water flows into the second drinking cup.
I smirk, feeling mischievous-deathness.
I pad towards the engine-room. The man-made chemical polonium leaks from the engines by tiny droplets. A single gram can be absorbed into the skin, entering the body then kills you with intense alpha particle radiation. It is both odorless and colorless blending, very well, into my second cup of cold drinking water.
A sheet of paper, or even, your skin can stop the deadly molecular outside the body, not inside the delicate organs. The chemical absorbs and eats away the stomach, first, then the liver, second, and then, finally, the heart, last.
I can carry two cups of the cold water into the sleep-room of Taris, grinning.
Taris stops, swinging the hunting knife, then smiles at Gloriette.
I wink, extending the cup of polonium. “Hey, there, honey! I bet you’re thirsty.”
Taris looks at the water then her. “Didn’t know that belles were allowed on the sky ships?”
I flirt, “Only in the company of the winning beaus of Tangent.”
He grins, winking at her. “I will kill Prewitt. Then, we can be married, today.”
I touch his shiny knife. “I believe ya. You’re young and strong. Prewitt’s old and weak, outta of his prime. But, you’re fresh and new, like a spring blossom.”
Taris drains the cup then sighs. “The water’s refreshing. Thanks!” He hands the cup back to her.
I wink. “Well, I’ll let ya finish your workout, before your time comes to depose of Prewitt.”
Taris nods and winks.
I back step out of the room, waiting in the hallway.
Madam DOB blocks the archway, ignoring the roaming belle, drones to him. “Cosine Taris, you are required in the beam-room.”
He nods, strutting out the door behind the DOB towards the beam-room
I slowly swing around, dragging behind DOB.
Madam DOB turns left, returning to the monitoring duties of the facees and orbit of the sky ship.
I giggle then stop at the archway of the beam-room.
Taris lies on top of the beam-pad with shallow breathing.
I stroll to his position, stealing his cell. Then, I pad towards the console, pressing the button, watching Taris disappear from the beam-pad.
Then, I step onto an empty pad and press his cell. I disappear down into the facee of Jacidee.

The facee of Jacidee
I beam-in, landing upon the manicured grass. I stand next to Taris then squat. I touching his neck, smirking. I stand, smiling at Prewitt in the far distance then run to him with my open arms, giggling.
Prewitt scans the woodlands, the grass, the house and then Gloriette. He smiles, strutting to her, says. “Hey, Scarlette, I like your ole Bama plantation home. Is supper ready? I’m staring, like a stray puppy.”
Prewitt wears a blood stained shirt, ripped jeans, and mud covered boots.
I park both hands on my hips, frowning. “Why didn’t you call Cosine for me, Prewitt? We could be together…”
He holds her biceps, smiling. Then, he hugs her, without the kissing. Since, they both taste, like sour grapes. He says. “I love you. I’d have to kill Pox…”
“I…” frown at him, thinking. I had to kill Jacidee to stay in Trig, marrying Pox, or Prewitt. I feel numbness-betrayed.
“The Cosines will eliminate Pox for me. I could get hurt or bloody or …”
“I…” frown at him, thinking. I had to kill Neekim in Cosine to stay the Sine of Pox. So, Pox can call un-engage, then I can marry Prewitt.
“One of three cosines will get Pox. Then, you’ll be just like me, engaged, but widowed.”
I tilt my skull. “Are you really widowed?”
Prewitt leads her towards the porch of the antebellum house, saying. “After ya’ll four left, Tohatci called Cosine on Unakite. Unakite started a fist fight in front of the princess. Me and Vrain had to shove his fanny into the sky ship. He wanted to finish Tangent, right there, rather quickly.” He laughs.
I sit in the porch swing, along with Prewitt. He holds my hands. I shake my curls. “I don’t understand any of this Trig-thing. I thought Pox would call, un-engage, today, at the morning ceremony inside the auditorium. I thought that’s why we all are wearing the itchy dresses and arm flowers. Then, I thought we’d be getting married on Mount Starrtus, like Princess Phillipina says. Isn’t that all true?”
Prewitt frowns, shaking his skull. “Naw, darling! Your mama should’ve updated ya, sweetheart. All the belles run through Tangent and Cosine, first. Then, the surviving belles are presented pretty, like you, with flowers and fluff. Ya look really beautiful and smell sweet like flowers, Gloriette.”
“Thanks,” I play with the ruffles on the dress.
He shows his triangle. “I have only the letter, B for ‘beau.’ You have both letters, A and B for a belle and a beau. When Pox is gone, you will only have the letter, A. Then, babe, the points of A and B lead to…”
“…marriage,” I giggle.
He winks. “Me and you, babe.”
“If Pox survives, I survive.”
“You’re a fighter, like Pox. Pox is a fighter, like you. If Pox survives, then he calls, un-engage. You win this Trig-thing, either way, honey.”
I smile, “I like,” then, I frown, “Actually, I don’t like any of this Trig-death-thing. I hope Pox survives, then he can just call, un-engage. We, all, three can be happy.”
Prewitt shakes his skull, frowning. “And, then, you would Pox live the rest of his life, without a bride, a baby, or a family. Man, that be harsh, darling! I’d really die then face a life, without a cute companion, like you, or an ugly witch like Ametheta…”
“Ameaniethere,” I giggle. Prewitt chuckles then I view my gloves. “Natoma!” I view him. “A few of the belles felt the same way, when Phillipina called Cosine. They had lost their soul mates in the tidal wave, at the beach, and then tried to grab another one for love, baby, and family. Are you upset about losing Jacidee?”
He exhales, viewing the porch. “She was perfectly paired by Trig to me.” He views Gloriette, says. “But, you can’t stop a human flaw. I didn’t know Pox was a wealthy farmer…”
“He is a…”
He nods. “I understand on Playtus. The entire family unit lives in a tiny apartment, not a landscaped home ranch.”
I nod. “Our home is a building big, ugly, steel with lots of glass windows. The grass and flowers are dead, because the toxic runoff of the metal remnants from the electronics. No one lives outside but the maggots.”
“I live in sunshine, air, and open space. I couldn’t survive, like that, in a crowded city.”
I view the flowers on the ground. “I don’t think about it. I just live, there.” I view the historical antebellum house, lawn, flower gardens, and miles of white cotton plants. I exhale, smiling. “I could learn to love the openness of farm land, or the prettiness of snow and ice along with fresh air and sunshine.”
“Will ya miss Playtus? Since, I don’t really plan to visit there, unless my bride wants, too, for a short trip.”
I shake my curls, smiling at Prewitt. “Never! I’m sick of Playtus, my mama bossing me around. She actually had nerve to suggest that my child get married and produce a child at seventeen years old, exhibiting a sixth generation of Faywood.”
He frowns. “Sixth!?”
I exhale. “The Playtus females marry very, very, very young.”
He smiles. “Well, sweetheart, we’re the right age for planning our family on Gambo.”
I touch him. “What happened to your T-shirt?”
He rubs some of the pink bloody slashes on both arms then releases the hip hostler with two hands guns, three knives, and four darts. He drops it into the chair. “I robbed a moving train on horseback, stealing the gold. Then, I fought with a sword against a batch of sorry villagers and then burned the huts,” he views the house. “Now, I guess. I’m a soldier stealing the cotton bales, plus the mistress of the house. You popped into the right facee, babe.”
“I somehow did.” I stand, frowning. I move down the steps towards Taris. “Teens die by teens. I don’t want my future un-born child to endure this Trig-death-thing.”
Prewitt rushes and walks beside her, nodding. “I feel the same way. There’s a bloc of farmers, who are working hard to figure out how to eliminate Trig and the implant process.”
I stomp across the grass, holding the dress hem. “Ya don’t eliminate it. Ya destroy Trig. Trig is a computer linked to our embedded implants. First! No newborn baby will receive any new computerized implant. That takes care of that. Done! Then…”
He frowns, “Then, how will my son meet his future soul mate?”
I frown. “Your son?! I might birth a daughter.”
He hugs her. “A son or daughter is fine with me.”
I say. “If I birth a daughter, then I’m obligated to live on Playtus.”
“Buck the Trig laws! We got married. We live on Gambo. We raise our son in sunshine, openness, and fairness. I don’t want my child involved in Trig, either. But, how will he or she meet a mate?”
I stare at Taris. “The old fashion way by dating and kissing, which we can’t do due to our implants.”
He frowns at Taris. “What’s wrong with him?”
I smirk. “I give him a cup of polonium water.”
He views Gloriette. “Polonium, the ‘ium’ represents a man-made chemical of some type. We don’t use man-made chemicals on our natural crops for food or plants.”
“A chemical run-off, that’s a by-product of any sky ship’s engine.”
Prewitt scans the sky, seeing the sky ships then views her. “You!? You didn’t?”
I smirk at him. “I did it for you, Prewitt. Could you have handled Taris, plus the other three facees, alone, without some aid? Taris is young and fresh for the deadly fight. You’re worn and tired. I can smell your blood and sweat.”
He views Taris, shaking his skull. He silences then views her. “I…think.”
I frown, “You think!?”
Prewitt back steps from her. “I mean…”
I back step from him. “You mean. You could’ve murdered him, like I had to murder Jacidee and Neekim. Neekim was twelve years old. She had to die, Prewitt. Or, I’d be, alone, for the rest of my days, without a baby or a beau.” I view the house. “I wanna get married. I wanna leave, here, today. I wanna start my new life of marriage with you on Gambo, or on Playtus, or even on Starrtus, if we must live, here.” I view the sky ship. “I think there’s more to Trig than…”
“…death.” Pox squats, touching his neck. “He’s almost dead.”
“Barely breathes,” smirking.
He sours. “Why’s he barely breathing?”
“Polonium attacks the heart and lungs.”
“I gotta finish him.”
I frown. “Naw, the polonium will finish him in a few more minutes. He’s suffocating to death. He’s brain dead, already. The body will expire in a few more minutes.”
“Brain dead!?” Prewitt stands, viewing Taris then her. “Why did ya do this?”
“I…”
He shakes his skull. “I don’t understand you, Gloriette. This is my facee. This is my Tangent run. I am the one…”
“I…”
He exhales. “Well, it be done! I’ll leave him then exit the facee. You should beam-out, before you’re discovered.”
I shake my curls. “Cosine does not…”
“How were you able to beam-in with Taris? I thought the beam-room, only, allowed one being at a time.” He views Taris.
I smirk. “I drugged Taris, first, and then performed a beam-in, here. We both can’t beam-in the facee, without sounding the alarms.” I view the sky. “You can’t see the outside world from a facee. You will come directly into the log cabin on Mount Starrtus, after completing your Tangent run.”
Prewitt stares at Taris. “You should beam-out, before Taris dies.”
I back step, frowning. “Is that it?” I feel sad-anxiousness.
Prewitt views Taris. “You should leave the facee, Gloriette.”
“Is that it, Prewitt?” I feel angry-worriment.
He views Taris. “You should leave, now.”
“Is that all from you, Prewitt?” I feel furious-bitterness.
Prewitt views Taris. “You should beam-out.”
I frown. “Is that it?” I feel furious-sadness.
Prewitt views Taris. “Now!”
I exhale then press the cell of Taris. Then, I land inside an empty beam-room.
The DOBs are busy flying the sky ship in a circle around Mount Starrtus.

sky ship of Prewitt
beam-room

I exhale then walk towards the beam-room console. I scan the monitor.
Pox fights with Zoar inside one of the facees. He is bloody on face, arms, and chest, wearing a torn T-shirt, missing his jacket. He leaps away from the sword in Zoar’s hands.
I exhale then turn towards the wall. I don’t wanna see Pox die. I feel guilty-sadness.
Pox fights for me. He could have refused Cosine and then walked away.
I learned that tidbit of datum from Custar, yesterday. But, she, like me, decided to fight for a mate and a marriage. I feel stupid-dumbness.
Pox fights for his life inside the six facees, facing three other males.
I opine for Prewitt.
Prewitt fights the pretend facees, receiving victory, most assuredly.
I feel furious-bitterness.
I walk around then view the monitor, a second time.
Pox fights inside the fourth facee with Zoar. There are two more facees left, including Enon.
I feel brutal-angriness.
Prewitt didn’t appreciate my inventive method of disposing of Taris. It was both humane and quick, instead of using a gun or knife.
Pox seems comfortable with the weapon, but he currently is competing with a tall stronger male. Enon is another tall stronger male. Pox will not survive the second fight, within the next facee. He will die, like Prewitt predicts.
Then, I will be engaged and widowed, like Prewitt says. Then, Prewitt and I can marry at Mount Starrtus, living happily ever after.
I feel happiness-selfish.
I set the controls, performing a beam-out.
I feel joyous-victorious.

sky ship of Pox
beam-room

I land inside the beam-room. Empty. I walk around the empty hallway then see Madam DOB.
Madam DOB stops, blinking the metal parts. “Sine Gloriette, welcome aboard! May I escort you to the lounge-room?”
I smile, shaking my curls and my dress. I am the Sine of Pox. The DOB recognizes my Trig status, desiring to accommodate my guest wants. “No thanks! I remember the way. Carry on!”
Madam DOB hovers then moves away from the belle.
I continue walking around the squared-shaped hallway. I locate Enon inside a sleep-room with the door open.
He lungs with a nasty looking double-sided hatchet then twirls it around, laughing.
I back step, frowning. I view the empty hallway, hearing.
DOB and her motors purr coming around the corner.
I pad down to the end of the hallway, hearing.
DOB stands at the open door, saying. “Cosine Enon, you beam-out from the sky ship in ten point four seconds. Please, stroll towards the beam-room.”
Enon yells. “Shore, Madam DOB! Thanks for the info!”
I lean against the cool metal, feeling an indentation in my fluffy dress. I look down, seeing a large cat. I squat, lifting the cat into my gloves, hearing the purr.
Since the ancient times of 9500 BC, cats have ridden on ships, including sea and sky. They are carried on board for luck.
If a cat approaches you, you are truly blessed. However, if a cat strolls half-way down the hallway towards you and then turns back, running the other way, you are totally doomed.
I pose along the wall, patting the cat, hearing the purr.
Enon turns the corner, stopping. He smirks in tallness, darkness, and ugliness at Gloriette.
I nod, smiling at him.
He stands beside her then pats the cat. The cat meows from his light touch then he leans into her face. “I don’t like ya, Gloriette!”
I frown. “I don’t like you, either, Enon.”
He smirks. “That’s why I challenged Pox in Cosine. I be strong. He be weak. He will lose. I will win. Then, me and you get married. I have a big cotton farm on Gambo. I need pickers to harvest the cotton. You’re a tall strong girl. You like my other big girls.”
I frown at him. “What other girls?” I feel frightened-confusion.
The cat meows.
Enon laughs, patting the cat. “You shall see, soonest.” He tries to kiss her cheekbone.
I jerk back, hitting the metal wall.
He chuckles and swings towards the beam-room.
I stomp my foot then smirk. I follow behind, while the cat purrs in my arms. I feel genius-innovative.
Enon stands on the bean-pad. I stand at the edge of the bean-pad, smiling at him. He winks at her.
The controls are automatically set-up by DOB for a beam-out in one of the facees of Pox. Or, Enon misses his chance at killing Pox.
I feel furious-bitterness.
The beam-machine says. “Four. Three. Two…”
I launch the cat into the air, when Enon automatically extends both arms for the retrieval of the animal.
The beam-machine says. “One. Beam-out!”
I feel wickedness-victorious.
I race to the monitor.
Enon lands on boots then touches the lump of blood, fur, and guts, covering his chest. The cat and he have fused their DNA cells, purposefully together, from the beam-in into the facee. Only one entity can beam-in into a facee, unless the entity willingly takes the risk of a fusion, between two life forms.
Then, Enon views Pox. He steps forward with his mouth open, silence. Then, he falls sideway along the sandy beach, kicking legs. The teen wheezes then stills.
Pox grabs the double-axe of Enon and then twirls it. He raises it then chops off Enon’s skull, ensuring death.
I press the button for my beam-out, smirking.
I feel joyous-happiness.

Mount Starrtus
chapel

I land on the smooth tile, hearing.
A pair of faint voices comes from the outer hallway.
I glide towards the tall podium, ducking out of sight.
Unakite smiles, fingering. “Found it, darling! Come on in here, Ametheta! I found the chapel. We be married, here, today after the wussies come from their facee fist fights.” He stands inside the archway, grabbing and kissing her. He smiles, “Hmm! You always taste, like cinnamon to me. Do you bake, honey? I like cinnamon rolls with gooey heated icing.”
“No.”
“Do you mend clothing, darling? I tear my shirts from fixing the plows.”
“No.”
He smiles, nodding. He holds her, kissing. “Hmm, I like kissing ya, darling! No matter! I do them things, good. You’re so pretty and proper, baby. I be a lucky man in Trig. My daddy got a pretty girl, too. My mama was both pretty and proper, like you, babe! So’s, I be getting some tough maids to help ya around the ranch. I got a big cow ranch.”
I cover my mouth, giggling.
Unakite and Ametheta are the most oppositely paired couple by Trig. Unakite is big, bossy, and fun, while Ametheta is tall, beauty, and non-fun.
I feel excitement-humorous.
“No!” Ametheta jerks from his tender hug. “Where o’ where is Mademoiselle Gloriet…ta hiding? Gloriet…ta, come out and play, or pray, or party?” She giggles.
I fiddle with the electronics then the plasma blinks. I stand, fingering the screen. “I get it working. See, Tangent run in progress.”
Unakite stands beside Gloriette, fingering the dot. “There’s Pox’s color dot in green. He bested with both Zoar and Enon. I…am...impressed. Enon is a mean rattlesnake. Actually, I think the rattler stays away from Enon’s farm, livestock, and pond.” He chuckles.
I frown. “How’da ya know that he got the bestest of both Zoar and Enon? He runs towards another facee.” I feel joyous-releasement.
He hugs Ametheta, smirking. “I creamed Tohatci, good, too. He wanted you, baby! But, you be my girl, now and forever.”
“Joy!” Ametheta frowns.
Unakite smiles, “The last facee, you don’t fight inside the sixth Facee, because the exit door leads into the mountain’s log cabin.” He cuddles Ametheta, while she frowns. “You might harm my girl, here. Then, I might’ve to harm ya, back,” he winks at Gloriette.
I giggle.
Unakite pulls on Ametheta, dragging her across the tile. “We go back to the cabin, waiting for Pox. The others are there, too. Come on, Gloriette! Pox’ll be there, wanting to greet ya.”
Ametheta smirks at Gloriette. “Yes. I do not want to miss Pox’s or Prewitt’s grand entrance from Tangent. Right, Gloriette?”
I follow behind them, feeling mixed bumper confusion.

Cabin
I enter the room.
Prewitt stands in the wall corner with crossed arms, wearing a sour puss face minus his real weapons. Prewitt sees Gloriette then turns away. He views the outside snow through the window.
I exhale, shaking my curls, walking towards an empty sofa.
Unakite leads Ametheta towards an empty sofa, sitting and cuddling her.
Pox smashes through an invisible door then lands on the flooring, wheezing and bleeding. He tries to stand then falls.
I dash to him, patting on the torn jacket.
Pox flips around then sits cross legged with red bloody slashes and black bruises covering his face. He smiles at her. “Ah, love! You’re here to greet me. Gloriette, you’re so beautiful to witness, now. That wasn’t fun. I have a new respect for ya, love.”
I smile. “Thank you!” Pox hugs me then tries to stand. I assist him upright.
We walk towards an empty sofa.
I view Prewitt, who frowns at us.
Phillipina enters from the archway, smiling. “Congratulations, Sines!”
“You should consider dropping the Cosine-thing. They don’t survive the run.” Unakite chuckles and then kisses on Ametheta’s face. She frowns.
Phillipina nods. “I will pass that valuable piece of information along to Trig. Within the law of Trig, each Sine couple takes a traditional sledge ride around my city of Starrtus. Actually, the ride allows us to decorate the chapel for the weddings, tonight. There will four individual ceremonies. After the weddings, each couple will…”
Unakite stands. “Go back home to Gambo! I ain’t staying here, anymore! Right, Prewitt?”
Prewitt nods. “Right, Dugway?”
Dugway nods. “Right! We all go back to Gambo. So, let’s get this done.”
Phillipina smiles. “The food is being served down the hallway.”
Unakite grabs Ametheta’s hand. “Let’s eat! Then, we get married. Then, we go back home to Gambo.” He drags her into the hallway.
Sechar and Vrain, then Custar and Dugway follow Unakite and Ametheta. Prewitt stands, viewing Gloriette then twists around, avoiding her eye contact.
I frown, watching him exit the door. 
Pox touches his bruises. “I’m so appreciative of you, Gloriette. You did the same run and the same thing. That run’s brutal and deadly.”
I smile, feeling numbness, too, after my run. “Yeah!”
“We are really made for each other.” He winks at her.
Phillipina stares at Pox with worry, saying. “Are you able to function, Pox?” He nods then she smiles. “The food will be there, throughout the night. Take your time, Sines!”
I nod. “Yes princess!”
She exits.
Pox exhales then inhales, touching his wounds. “Man, I’m beat.” He smiles at her. “I’m, so glad, that I don’t have run that, every year, to prove my eternal love to ya, Gloriette,” chuckling.
I giggle. “It would be rather amusing, along with being rather physically demanding at the age of ninety two...”
“Ninety two!?”
“Playtusians live to be over ninety years old.”
Pox shakes his curls. “I didn’t know that particular information about Playtus. Thanks for the update. Poor Enon! He won’t live to be nineteen. I can’t believe that boy be that stupid. Everyone knows that two beings can’t beam-in to anywhere, without a malfunction of DNA cells. Well, I’ve been very blessed. Believe me! I was tired, sore, bloody, and hunger.”
I lean into him, giggling. “I don’t believe Enon was all that stupid. Unakite says he was meaner than a rattler. Enon was both mean and rude from a standard of cowboy material.”
Pox frowns at her, smiling. “I concur. He wasn’t good marrying material, either.”
“No marrying material, at all. He lacked both country charm and city slick sophistication,” I giggle.
He views the wall, then her. “How did you come to understand Enon’s weaknesses?”
“…and his bad breathe.”
“How did you come to smell his breathe?” Pox views the floor then her. He smiles. “How did Enon come to wear a cat on his chest?”
I view the floor then Pox, nodding. “Cats are common on sky ships for luck. I do believe.”
He smiles. “How do you know that two entities can’t beam-in at one time?”
I smirk, nodding. “I’m an electronic programmer on Playtus. I know all kinds of stuff, good, and evil.”
Pox kisses her then pulls back. He smiles, “A warrior’s reward. You taste, like peppermint candy to me.”
“You taste, like apple sauce.”
“I can’t believe you’re, here…for me.”
“Yeah, baby!”
“I can’t believe you stayed, here…for me.”
“Yeah, babe.”
“I feel so many emotions from happiness to relief to sadness to satisfaction to unbelievable to joyous.”
I grin. “Yo, boy!”
“Me and you understand each other.” He views his blood-stained hands. “I have never met someone, like you, Gloriette.” He smiles.
“Trig paired us, good!” I bump his shoulder.
“We…are paired, excellent. We…are so similar strong, stubborn…”
“A son of a gun needs an equal lady,” I wink.
He smiles. “Yo, babe!” He kisses her.
I feel awesome-happiness.
“Yo, too!” I giggle.
He struggles to stand with his wounds and torn clothing. I stand, offering assistance. He leans into my shoulder.
We walk down an empty hallway.
He says. “Let’s get us some food and eat outside under the covered balcony. The scenery is beautiful, like you. Then, we take our sleigh ride through the snow.” He kisses her cheekbone. “Then, we’ll end back here, for the wedding, inside the chapel.”
I stop. “Do you really and honestly want to marry me, Pox?”
He smiles and hugs me. “Yo, babe! I wanna marry a person, like me.”
“Yo, baby!” I skip along to the eating-room, giggling.

mechanical reindeer-and-carriage.
Pox escorts Gloriette into the carriage. He fuzzes with the blanket over her body then climbs inside, scooting next to her. He presses the button.
The carriage with the mechanic four reindeer lifts then hovers over the snow.
He presses a second button, when the ship speeds across the snow.
I smile. “Phillipina told us about the traditional sledge ride over the snow and ice, before the wedding, on our first day of Trig. Why is this, so important? It’s cold.”
He cuddles her, fingering with a free hand. “And, it’s, so cold, here, that the ice splits, shooting up ocean water and then refreezes within 3.8 seconds.” He releases her then views snowy scenery through a pair of binoculars.
The mechanic reindeer and carriage guides towards the openness of snow and ice.
Pox says. “I never understood why girl babies live on Playtus, and the male babies live on Gambo.”
I view snow caps of mountains. “Trig created the process. Then, the process selected, where a baby lives, grows up, and then dies, all in that order.”
He wears the binoculars. “What do all the daddies say about, living on Playtus? I heard it’s rather hot and ugly city on the world.”
I frown. “Daddies don’t have a say-ho about it. They come and live on Playtus.”
“What’s your daddy like?”
I view my gloves. “My daddy died when I was a child.”
He views her. “I sorry. What’s your granddaddy like? Jolly? Holly? Mean? Old?”
“My granddaddy died, too.”
He frowns. “I sorry. You mentioned there exists four generations of women. Are there any generations of men?”
“Not in my family…”
“Is there another predominant family on Playtus with daddies, grandfathers, great-grandfathers or males? What’s their theme color?”
I frown. “I don’t recall any grandfathers or great-grandfathers, along my city street. I live in Building Two with my family.”
“I have noted that, too. The buildings were numbered. Some of the belles were citing their particular digit, also. This is very important.”
I frown. “It’s just a number. I live in Building Two. There’s a slightly higher structure in front of my pavement.”
“Pavement!?”
I frown. “There isn’t a lot of grass, flowers, or trees on Playtus. Since, the chemicals kill the ground cover.”
“Who’s the family in Building One, if you live in Building Two?”
I frown. “I don’t know.”
“You didn’t know your neighbor in Building One. How about your neighbor in Building Three, which is behind your block? Is that correct?”
I shake my curls. “The buildings are very high and wide. Building One takes up four city blocks. My building is very high and wide, too. I don’t know my neighbors in the buildings, before or after my block. Upon returning home, I’ll go and knock on their entrance doorway. How’s that, dear?” I smile.
He frowns. “I learned, at a very young age, that the number one is the highest designation in the math system. In reality, the number one is, also, assigned for the highest designation of something. Don’t you believe that the family in Building One is more important on Playtus than the folks in Building Two?”
I exhale. “Well, if you use that logic, since I use lots of logic in my electronic homework. Then, Building One would be first-ness of importance. However, I do believe that the unknown, but probably friendly folks, inside Building One are one of the first family units of Playtus. My family has been there for four generations and counting. When I have a baby, there will be five generations of Faywood.”
He frowns. “You express the citizenship in terms of generations. I’d think that all the citizens of Playtus would house a daughter, her mama, her grandmother, and her great-grandmother in each building.”
I shake my curls. “Naw, I be special, slick.” I giggle. “Not all family units have a great-grandmother. That’s a rare blood-kin, within the family unit...”
“…which has a specific theme color. Your theme color is emerald green. Neekim’s family had the theme color of magnetic pink. Custar’s family theme color is a royal blue.”
“Your quick, slick!” I view the snow.
“And, each theme color is assigned to a building number, too. Neekim lived in Building Seven. Custar lives in Building Four. You live in Building Two.”
“Yeah, I have lived in Building Two my entire existence. So, I guess that’s significant of me and my family and my color in my city.”
He nods, winking. “You are, like some type of royal on Playtus. Right, love?”
I giggle. “I guess, I’m sorta, like a royal family. I do live in Building Two, the closet structure to the number one. I wonder, who lives in Building One. I bet my mama would know them.”
He frowns. “Not very social, are the Playtusians?”
“We’re very, very social when we attend social functions like…”
“A dance. A picnic. A party. A wedding.”
“A birth. I attended the birthday of a newborn girl. The new mama wore baby blue.” I smile. “The theme color is only a social status for the elderly belles. Once, a girl is marred then she dresses the theme color to distinguish her from…”
“Prestige? Privilege? Prejudice?”
“No! It’s a fun way to exhibit your family. Every family participates for fun and enjoyment. Didn’t you notice, all the belles…”
“Yes, I noted the different range of colors, from blue to pink to yellow, even the DOB were colored in the similar family theme for each girl from Playtus.”
“Family ID society maker,” I giggle.
He sours. “The theme has its own term label.”
“Yeah, I guess. I don’t think about our color theme and such.”
He frowns. “Why, not?”
“I’m busy with my homework assignments. Where’s your farm on Gambo?”
He wears the binoculars. “How you traveled to Gambo?”
“Naw, no reason.”
“Northwest portion. Do you have family members there?”
“Naw. What do you grow there?”
“Food.”
“All farmers grow food or raise animals. If we have a boy, he’ll love the trees and horses. We can build him a tree-house for make believe playtime. Prewitt has horses. Do you have horses, too, Pox?”
He wears the binoculars. “When we marry and have a child the child will live, here, on Starrtus. I like the openness and beauty. Didn’t you, Gloriette?”
“Naw! A girl lives in the city of Playtus. A boy lives on Gambo.”
“All the beaus talk about taking their belles back to Gambo, after marrying at the chapel, tonight. They don’t care about Trig.”
“Talk is talk. Walk is walk. A child lives on a specific city dictated by Trig. That’s it.”
Pox shakes his curls, “Not for me, love! I don’t care about Trig, either. We get married. We live here. We have a baby, here, in the modern medical center. So, we will be happy, here, too.”
“Naw!”
Pox smiles. “Yay!”
I shake my curls. “My mama expects me to produce a child for five generations of Faywood. Therefore, we will live in Building Two with five generations for both honor and color. My theme color is emerald green, like the gem stone.”
He frowns. “My name doesn’t have Faywood in it, love.”
I sour. “My name will always have Faywood in it, along with my child.”
He kisses her. “We agree. We live, here.” He exhales. “I love the whiteness, openness, coldness, and crispness of fresh air. The mountain peak gleams, like diamonds in the bright sun. The snow flicks, like gems on the ground. The ice glitters with rainbow colors.” He bumps her fur coat.
I’m covered skull to toe in fur from the freezing temperatures.
He says. “We can make snow cones with flavored sauces.” He kisses her pouted lips. “I like tasting your flavor, bestest.”
I frown. “Starrtus is pretty and all. But, I like the warm weather.”
“Playtus is sizzling hot, not warm.”
“I like the red soft soil.”
He frowns. “Playtus is white concrete. Is there any red soft soil?”
I cringe. The graveyard holds the red soil. I nod. “Some of the buildings have a little spot of grass, soil, and a tree or two. I have a tree house in my back yard of Building Two. My grandmother had it built for me, when I was three years old. I couldn’t enjoy it, until I was seven years old. But, the lovely thought was deeply appreciated. I use it all the time...”
“…escaping from the sizzling heat and rough pavement. I understand you desire to vacate a world of hotness.” He breathes the fresh air. “I don’t escape from Starrtus.”
I smirk. “We’re escaping in a roaming carriage and reindeer.”
He smiles. “This is a mechanic ride, touring the pretty snow and ice. Ya can walk for miles, if properly fitted, with the correct hiking gear. But, I like feeling the blistering sun and harsh wind on my face.”
I tuck deeper into the carriage shield, avoiding the biting winds on my exposed cheekbones. “I don’t.”
“What, love?” He smiles then wears the binoculars.
I giggle. “What you looking for?”
Pox lowers the binoculars then views the southeastern spot. “The top point of the world, the center of the North Pole is called the polar ice cap. The polar ice cap is thick, raising a foot from the ice, stays icy all year long, forever. It is the smallest and shallowest piece of land connecting the world’s oceans.”
“That should be easy to fun,” I giggle.
“…in the whiteness of snow.”
“That should be hard to find,” I giggle.
“Legend says it is an underground bubbling stream of pure fresh water for drinking, one can drink from the polar cap…”
“…and live, forever. Naw!”
“…and love, forever. Yeah!”
“Wow! That’s us!”
“Yeah! That’s us.” Pox slows the carriage then halts. He cuddles her. “Shh, listen!”
I view snow and frozen landscape of white. Then, I hear.
“Grrrr…”
I narrow my eyelashes, viewing the snow. “What’s that sound? Is that bear?” I view the snow, seeing nothing.
He leans into her ear. “Growlers. When the ice parts from the land, the ice growls, moving across the open sea water, because the salt content is the heaviest, here, on Starrtus. The salt actually rubs against the smooth ice, making that growling sound.” He kisses her exposed cheekbone between the cape and hat.
I close eyelashes, hearing.
“Grrrr…,” the ice sounds in the distance.
I giggle, “Cool!”
He chuckles. “Naw, cold!”
“Cold,” I giggle.
The ice pack cracks from the heat of the carriage’s engines, soaring over the frozen water. When the ice busts, I see colorful fish jumping out of the water into the air.
Pox slows the carriage.
I frown. “Why are we stopping?”
“I found something on the tiny radar screen on the dash that I wanna explore, here, now.”
I frown. “Do it, later, darling!” I view the sun, sinking into the snow. “Are we going to be late for our wedding ceremony?” I nod and giggle.
“Naw, I wanna check out the dot on the radar.” He climbs out then slips, smiling. He slaps the ice with his boot. “The Arctic ice pack is thin, here.”
“So.”
“That means something is here. The sea ice is affected by wind and ocean currents, rotating the ice packs up and down, within the ocean stream. We be found the treasure, love.”
“Or trap…”
He assists her from the carriage.
We waddle on the crunchy ice.
“The ice pack’s solid. We can walk.” Pox taps on the packed ice with the hammer then squats. He examines the object, when the ice cap explodes.
I jump backwards, screaming. I run backwards, wiping the tiny bugs off the coat. They clink then crawl towards my naked face. I feel tiny fangs bite into my gloves, not breaking my warm skin. I back step, screaming. “Bugs!” I feel frightened-anxiousness.
Pox chuckles, viewing the bubbling ocean water. “No, love!”
“Bugs! I’m covered in bugs.” I feel angry-panic.
He smiles, touching the water with the hammer. The creature crawls on the metal. “Naw, gunnels. They’re harmless, unless you’re fishies. The eel is twelve inches long with an elongated body. The dorsal fin has small spikes. Its skin is covered in bright greenish-yellow scales with dark red bands, around its belly. An olive-green and black stripe extends down from the top of the head down through the eyes and down the cheeks. The pectoral fin is fan-shaped.”
I whack at the bugs with both gloves. “I got bugs on my fur. Ugh! The bugs are attacking the fur. They crawl, like ants. They cling like fleas to the fur hairs.” I feel fearful-scared.
Pox stands, chuckling. I slap the bugs off the fur and my face. He says, “No, they think the coldness of the fur hairs is their home. They’re called gunnels. They live, here, among the polar caps. They’re really innocent little things. They don’t mean ya any hurt, love. I promise.”
I whack the fur. “Off. Off. Gone. Gone. Help me, Pox!” I view Pox. He smiles, laughing then pokes on the polar cap. The gunnels crawl, cling, and claw onto my fur. “Help me, Pox.” I feel fearful-worriment.
Pox smiles, laughing. “Shake your body side to side! If they don’t come off, then roll upon the snow. That’s their real home, this ice pack of the Starrtus.”
I shake my body, side to side, watching them advance towards my exposed face. “Help me! I can’t get them off of me. Ouch!” I touch my face. “Blood! I’m stinging and itchy!” I feel panic-frightened.
Pox frowns. “A gunnel bite. Very little is known about its life cycle or reproduction of the gunnel, either.”
I shake my body, seeing the blood on my gloves. Then, I feel the hot liquid. “It stings! Ouch! I feel a bite. Ouch! They’re biting me.” I feel aching pain.
Pox pokes the ice. “I have instructed the solution, love. Roll upon the snow! Return the gunnels to their home, Gloriette!”
I touch my face, drawing blood. “Ugh, I’m bleeding.” I scratch the bugs from my cheekbone. “It hurts. It bit me. They’re biting me all over my body.” I whack the bugs from my face and my fur coat. They leap from the open polar cap of water towards me. I feel frightful-upset.
Pox laughs. “The gunnels have spikes. They don’t bite. They sting.”
“Ugh! I can’t get them off of me.” I remove my gloves and then un-button the fur coat. Then, I toss the fur upon the snow. I expose my shirt, being my personal clothing from Playtus. Since, I dumped the dress in favor of closeness with Pox, inside the carriage ride. I feel frightful-panic.
Pox yells. “No! Your skin’s exposed to the ice elements. You’ll die, Gloriette!”
He pulls her into his fur coat then lifts her into his chest. He carries her inside the carriage. Pox pulls his fur coat off then presses a button. He closes up the carriage roof top.
The bugs sting my body. I feel panic-afraid, sobbing with tears and fear.
Pox says. “I increased the heating element. The hotness inside the carriage will attack and kill the rest of the gunnels. Why didn’t you wear the puffy gown? I didn’t notice that you were missing the puffy gown. The gown would’ve protected ya from the gunnels.”
I feel intense heat in the air around my face, arms, and chest.
Pox pulls off his jacket. He sweats from the hot air then lays the jacket over her.
I exhale, blinking my eyelashes open and then closed from the heated air and bug bites. I feel angry-bitterness.
Pox hovers over her, touching her face and neck. “You don’t have a fever, or the sweats. That’s a good sign, after receiving a batch of multiple gunnel stings. You’re a healthy girl, Gloriette. You’re recovery fine and dandy, inside the refresher tub. I sorry.” He smiles at her.
I grab his arms, feeling his sweat.
He pulls back from her, saying. “I zapped you with a mild sedative for the gunnel stinging. I’m getting you to the medical ward. Just relax and breathe. Close your eyes! Rest! You’ll be back at Starrtus in thirty minutes.”
I close my eyelashes. I feel curious-puzzlement.



Day 26
Starrtus medical ward
refresher tub.

I lie under the light, totally warm.
He touches her arm, saying. “I’m here, Gloriette! I sorry.”
I swallow then grunt from the gently touch.
He rubs her arm. “The ice cap contained gunnels. They invaded your clothing, stinging your skin. The eels bite then rip around the flesh. You have tiny slashes in your skin.”
I swallow then grunt from the touch. I blink my eyelashes, seeing brightness then darkness. The refresher tub solar healing waves shut down.
He leans over the tub, smiling. “Are ya feeling better, doll?”
I upright on my knees then smash into his chest, knocking off his sunglasses. I hug him, sobbing with tears, saying. “Prewitt, I’m so happy you’re here with me.” I view the mirror.
The refresher station consists of four walls of reflective mirrors, capturing the northern lights beaming down from outer space. The northern lights are healing rays from the solar sun. A person wears sunglasses, or closes your eyelashes, avoiding the blinding bright lights.
The sunglasses are used to keep from bumping into the mirror or the tub. The lights show only an outline of a dark shadowy object, among the bright lights of rays. The healing rays are applied directly to a human body, like a bathing shower of water, while mending open wounds, slashed cuts, and repairing bruises, within minutes, or hours, or days, depending upon the medical condition of the injured body.
“I’m very happy to be here with ya, too, doll.” He wraps his arms around Gloriette, chuckling.
I feel happiness-safe.
I view the side mirror. My face is covered in tiny zigzag sewn stitches from the exposed bug bites. I’m totally naked from the healing procedure of the refresher tub. And, I hug on Prewitt, while he grunts with amusement. I close my eyelashes, whispering. “He tried to kill me.”
Prewitt pulls back, when I hug tighter. He exhales, pulling me closer into his naked chest. I feel lust-hotness.
He whispers into her face. “Pox! What happened, doll?” Prewitt leans around her, grabbing a towel. “I’m closing my eyes from your beautifulness. Take the towel! Then, tell me what happened, doll, before I beat the heck out of Pox. ‘Cause, he won’t be eating packed snow cones for awhile.”
I pull away from Prewitt, watching his face. His eyelids are closed, but his smile glows. I wrap the towel around my body then hug his stillness, smirking. I feel lusty-love-ness. Then, I exhale, whispering into his eardrum. “We were riding inside the carriage being pulled by the mechanic reindeer. Then, we stopped. We got out, and then the polar cap exploded. Then, the bugs attacked me. They crawled all over my fur coat. Pox did nothing to remove the bugs.”
“Why not, doll?”
I sob then exhale. “I had to ditch my fur coat from my body…”
“…in the coldness of Starrtus.”
“Yes. The bugs were biting me underneath the fur. I couldn’t get all of them off the fur coat. Then, they crawled between my clothing. Pox did nothing. He laughed and watched the bugs attack me. I was so scared, Prewitt. I thought I’d die out in the snow-ness in the coldness, alone, without you.”
He rubs her exposed back muscles. “The bugs are called gunnels.”
I hug him, tighter. “Yeah! Pox told me, while I was being eaten alive by the snow creatures. I’m so happy with you, here, with me,” I sob.
He pulls away, frowning then wipes her tears. “Don’t worry! Pox is dead. Why would he want to harm you? That doesn’t make any sense, Gloriette. You are his Sine. He fought in Tangent for you, and then he won.”
I shake my curls, pulling back from his hug. Prewitt wears only swimming trunks and sandals. “I don’t know. I don’t understand, either. Why are you, here, with me inside the refresher station? And, why are you wearing only swimming trunks? Where’s your shirt?”
Prewitt smiles. “I was going to attend your wedding, tonight.”
“Why?”
He smirks. “I wanted to be shore and whisper some selected choice words into Pox’s face about your marriage and vows.”
I smile. “Pox seemed to be loyal to me…”
“Not, as loyal, as I…”
I hug him. “I love you, Prewitt.”
He grins. “I love you, Gloriette.” He back steps then slams his chest. “I was swimming along the beach inside our shared hologram on our second day of Trig. I overheard the emergency signal from Pox inside the carriage. He communicated your medical condition. I waited then followed you into the refresher station, after the medical staff left.”
I scan the room, quickly. “Where’s Pox?”
“Don’t care!”
I nod. “I don’t care, either.” I hug him.
“And, what else, doll?”
I pull back from his hug, dropping my mouth. “I’m royalty on Playtus.”
He smiles. “I believe ya, being my princess. Are you really a princess on Playtus? I didn’t realize that the family units were assigned queen-ships? Does that mean that I be a prince-ship, when we marry, doll?” He chuckles.
I part my lips. “I live in Building Two, since a child. There’s only one building bigger than mine, Building One.”
“Who lives in Building One, doll?”
I view the floor then Prewitt. I part my lips. “Pox doesn’t have an implant.”
Prewitt frowns. “Yeah!”
I shake my curls. “Naw!”
He smiles. “We all have implants, doll. That’s the only entrance into Trig for participation in Tangent, winning a soul mate for life.”
I nod. “Pox removed his jacket inside the carriage.”
Prewitt chuckles, shaking his skull. “Pox removed his jacket. He never removes his jacket. He walks around the hallway, wearing that dull blue wool hot jacket. I don’t need a jacket. I be all man,” he smiles.
I nod. “I saw both foreskins under his forearms. There’s no implant on either side of the anterior skin like you,” I view Prewitt’s triangle. I view my triangle then him.
Prewitt views his triangle. “That is impossible, Gloriette,” he views her. “You were bit by the gunnels. You were delusional, doll. That’s all! You can clearly see my implant and your implant. His implant is there, too.”
I exhale. “I saw no implant on his arm. Does the implant appear on another body part, Prewitt?”
He hugs her. “I wish we could kiss, then you’ll only see my implant and my other body parts,” chuckling.
I toss my hands, pulling from his hug. I frown then struggle from off the refresher-tub. Prewitt assists me down to the tile. I hold my arm. “I can prove it, too.” I scan the room then stand at the panel. I drop the panel, viewing Prewitt. “I can access the computer from here, like you did inside the hologram.”
“What, for?”
I slam my implant against the panel. “Show me, Pox.”
A hologram of Pox appears.
Prewitt walks around the hologram. “Same ole Pox, tall, black hair, nasty looking cat whiskers, pressed jeans, nice cowboy boots, dull blue jacket, and that silly cell necktie.”
I frown. “Don’t you have a cell necktie, too?”
He winks at her. “Naw, doll, I wear my cell on the arm, like a guy, not around my neck like a girl,” he chuckles.
“That’s intriguing!”
Prewitt parks hands on hips. “What’s here that I haven’t seem before, Gloriette?”
“Show me, Pox, without the jacket.”
The hologram flickers then presents Pox, wearing his jacket.
Prewitt shakes his skull. “This is a recording of an actual event, which Pox has attended. You can’t see him, without the jacket, unless the computer has recorded him shitting on the potty.”
I giggle. “He wouldn’t need to remove a jacket for that special event.”
Prewitt chuckles. “Alright! Unless, Pox is caught pissing in the shower, without his jacket.”
I sour, frowning. “You do that, too?”
Prewitt grins. “Pox might not have an implant on his arm, but, without proof, I don’t believe ya, Gloriette. Because, doll, you were sedated, when you arrived, here, at Starrtus. Pox gave ya a sedative for the pain from the gunnel critters. I believe that you might have been experiencing some baddie dreams. But, ya picked Pox over me.” He views the floor. “I can’t tell for shore,” he views her. “But, you and I have been here for about two hours or so.”
I exhale. “I have proof.” I slam my implant into the panel. “Show me, the gunnel emergency signal from the reindeer carriage, specify direct link on Pox.”
The hologram changes into Pox, sitting inside the carriage seat. He steers the craft towards the building.
I view my implant. “Show me, Pox’s right anterior fold-skin.”
The hologram enlarges on the right anterior arm.
“There is no implant.”
Prewitt says. “Show me, Pox’s left anterior fold-skin. Not everyone is right-handed, doll!”
The hologram enlarges on the left anterior arm.
Prewitt yells. “Dang!”
I smile. “Pox does not have an implant on either anterior fold-skin.”
Prewitt walks around the hologram. “Why?”
I exhale. “Pox is a prince. He’s the prince of Starrtus. He lives here, not on Gambo. Why does he lie about living on Gambo?”
Prewitt exhales. “Gambo is composed of many, many farms. I don’t know but suspect that Pox might actually own one of the food farms. Land is land. Food is eaten by all citizens, throughout the world. We, for shore, need more workers and more owners to farm all the lands.”
“Pox didn’t really lie about the food farm ownership.”
“He only lied about, being a prince of nothingness.” He views the floor then her. “I sorry. I don’t believe you, Gloriette.”
“Don’t sweat ant hills! I’ve been tricked. You’ve been tricked. All the teens have been…”
“…Trig,” sneers Prewitt.
I nod, frowning. Then, I hug Prewitt. I pull back, saying. “I’m so sorry for my mistreatment of you. Pox has been playing with my mind. On the first day of Trig, he told me that he didn’t want to marry me. Then, on the second day of Trig, Pox told me that he loved me. Then on the…I have been a fool, here, at Trig.”
Prewitt hugs me. “Naw! We…are all the fools, allowing a stupid implant to control our teen lives. We…are all young and brave and foolish and dangerous. We…are all done with Trig.” He moves to the panel, slapping his implant. “Show me, Princess Phillipina.”
The hologram appears with a petite red-haired woman, black ankle-length gown, wearing a golden old fashioned door key around her neck.
Prewitt fingers the hologram. “Phillipina is his mama. She’s the princess of nothingness and is in charge of Trig.”
I shake my curls. “Trig is Trig. No one is in charge of Trig. Actually, Trig is a complicated and complex computer, here on Starrtus.” I view the mirror.
He views her. “How do you know that?”
I view the floor then him. “My mama told me, during one of my many electronic homework assignments. And, Phillipina told us, again, before the event started. Trig is a computer. The computer is linked to the implant. The implant is connected to me. I am selected to my soul mate.”
He views the floor then her, “A computer!? Where would the computer be located?”
I shrug, scanning the mirrors. “Somewhere, here, on Starrtus.”
Prewitt grins. “I’m only a farmer working the soil. Would the computer console and unit be underground?”
I shake my curls. “Naw! The wave frequent from Trig to our implant travels by air…by atmospheric current. So, the computer has to be high, almost reaching into the heavens. Starrtus is the perfect city for Trig, a super computer connecting us between Gambo and Playtus.”
He frowns, “High enough to reach the heavens. I noted that the sky ships are fugly ugly with many short and tall antennas, covering the outer haul, like a patch of chopped dead tree stumps. Is that, because the wave frequent has to communicate with the engines?”
“Yeah! Or, the ship will fall back and then crash onto the ground. Your farm equipment contains short and tall antennas, too. My mama’s horse and carriage has lots of short and tall antennas for prancing down the city street, without crashing. And, the reindeer and carriage held many types of short and tall antennas for our journey around the frozen ice pack.” I view the panel. “Can it be this easy?” I stomp towards the wall, slapping my implant. “Show me, Trig!”
Prewitt nods, smiling.
The hologram flickers then Phillipina disappears. The flooring is empty.
I exhale. “Show me, Starrtus!”
The hologram flickers with the city of buildings and structures.
Prewitt smiles. “The city’s really beautiful among the white snow.”
I view the hologram, fingering. “And, the structures have outer signage for visitors like us. I see the hospitals, the ship yards, the palace, the factories, and…”
“…no signage for Trig.”
“Yeah! No sign for Trig. I’m intrigued Playtus doesn’t have any signage of street corners or the buildings.”
He frowns. “How do ya know your home?”
I grin, “The first building is number one. The second building down the row is number two. All the buildings are visually colored with different shapes and sizes. A child doesn’t forget their home building or color. And, you can count it down, if you need to go to that particular building, which I have never had to do.”
“On Gambo, all the ranches are owned by farmers. There really isn’t any need for signage, either, only property rights.”
“Let’s use the process of elimination. It would not be located inside the hospitals of sick folks, or around the ship yards of flying craft, or near any heated elements of the factories.”
He fingers the structure. “Trig could be inside the palace throne room.”
I shake my curls, viewing the hologram. “I don’t believe so. Phillipina told us on our first day, Trig or the creators of Trig asked her play host to the event, not guardian of the computer. Therefore, the computer is housed, here on Starrtus, for usage…”
“…inside the most beautiful city of the world.”
“And, Starrtus is located on top of the world.” I clap, smiling. “That’s it! The highest structure would hold Trig. Trig is a super duper computer. Computer and electronic components run very, very hot. The base of the flooring and the outer walls of the structure must been cool-ness or cold-ness. This is why the North Pole is the selected location of Trig.”
Prewitt frowns at the hologram. “But, the highest structure is a mountain.”
“Show me, Mount Starrtus.”
The hologram flickers then appears a snow-capped mountain.
Prewitt shakes his skull. “Naw, doll! We stayed on Mount Starrtus all day, today. We all started inside the log cabin. Then, we all toured the chapel, the eating-room, the wedding suites. There ain’t no computer-room inside a hollow cold mountain.”
I smile, slapping my implant to the panel. “Show me, e-pones.”
The hologram flickers, then the flooring is empty.
I frown. “Show me, Mount Starrtus.
The hologram presents the mountain.
I smile. “Now! Show me, the cool electronic components.”
The hologram flickers then glows with tiny beams of light from the peak of Mount Starrtus.
I finger the beams. “That’s Trig. We found Trig on top of Mount Starrtus. That would make the most perfect sense, being that Pox and I were miles from the city, during my gunnel attack and emergency call. Only a super duper computer on top of the highest peak of the world would have linked my implant back here for communication. This is the same super duper computer, linking all the implants between Gambo and Playtus.”
“Starrtus brands each child with an implant,” Prewitt raises his arm.
I shake my curls. “Our parents brand their child with an implant, which is done at the medical center on Starrtus.” I raise my arm. “I wanna have a real long talk with my mama, when I return home for a very short visitation, before I permanently live on Gambo, foreverly.”
Prewitt smiles then sours. “I wanna have a real long beating with Pox then we can live in happiness, after ever on Gambo. Pox knows and holds more information among the lies and secrets.”
I nod. “Right! Pox does know lots of things, including the lies, the secrets, and the Trig. He possesses the knowledge. He voluntarily participated in Trig while his mama hosts the event.”
He nods, smiling. “I can beat it out of him, gladly. But, what are thinking, Gloriette?”
I rub my triangle. “We end Trig, here and now, on Starrtus.” I view him, frowning. “I don’t want my child to endure this barbaric ritual like us.” I hug him then smile. “I love you, Prewitt. I wanna marry you, today.”
He sneers. “Yeah! Right after, I beat the stuffing out of Pox, then we get married.”
I nod. “We inform our fellow Playtusians and Gambians about our sneaky little plot.”
He wiggles his eyebrows. “And, what precisely is the sneaky little plot?”
“I’m an electronic programmer along with Sechar, Custar, and…”
Prewitt nods. “Ametheta.”
I shake my curls. “I don’t know Ametheta, her color, her family, or her building.” I frown. “Playtusians really are anti-social people.”
He shakes his skull. “That’s okay, doll! Gambians ain’t. We love barbeques, dances, swims, and our families.”
I say. “The belles will infect the computer with a virus, causing the software to implode. The beaus will destroy all the hardware equipment, causing no repairs of the computer. Then, we will torch the computer-room, before we all steal a sky ship, flying to Gambo.” I kiss his lips then gag out of love and happiness.
We both mouth spit on the tile.
I frown. “We destroy Trig.”
“Then, we can kiss.”
I smile. “Then, we can marry.”
Prewitt hugs her, saying. “Then, we can leave Starrtus, forever.”
We exit the refresher station.

Mount Starrtus
tower room

I smile, holding the knife. “Now, prince, tell us, how to deactivate the implants, darling. I love Prewitt. I wanna marry Prewitt,” I wink at him. “Bestest of all, I wanna kiss Prewitt, not sour grapes.”
Pox smiles. “Don’t know, love.” He rests inside one of the iron chains attached to the wall around the tower room on the floor. The reason for the chains is not apparent.
I giggle, holding the knife near his skin, saying. “A red necktie will look gorgeous paired with your black eye and blue cheekbone, Pox.”
Pox grins. “Don’t know, love.”
I exhale. “Pox, tell me the correct door, holding the Trig computer.”
Prewitt smiles, “And, can you ask your mama to remove that key around her neck, please, so we can enter, without shredding more of my blood,” he touches his bandaged hand from knocking Pox, unconscious.
Pox had followed both Gloriette and Prewitt from the refresher station.
They met up with the other belles and beaus inside the auditorium then they traveled inside one of the reindeer carriages back into Mount Starrtus.
Pox didn’t alert the palace guards, being both suspicious and curiosity.
Prewitt was a good hunter and tracker on Gambo then viciously attacked Pox inside the hallway, when the teens disappeared into the tower room.
Pox smiles. “Ya can ask?”
I giggle and jerk the bowtie, pressing the buttons. “Yeah, let’s ask the cell necktie the question. You’re connected to Trig, like us by via of electronic signals.” I view Prewitt, winking. “Since, our cells got confiscated by the DOBs upon arrival.”
Sechar shakes her curls. “The cell ain’t going to give up the secret location of the Trig computer, Gloriette.”
I giggle. “I got some super duper special program coding to make the cell talk, compliments of my electronic education class by my mama on Playtus.”
Prewitt stands behind Gloriette. “So, that’s how you appeared within the Tangent run? You programmed yourself into the computer, like a hologram.”
I wink, giggling. “Naw, I programmed an empty space for the facee inside the hologram. Then, I physically run between the empty facees fighting off the male competition.”
Unakite sneers, fingering Gloriette. “You…you murdered Taris, Enon, and Zoar.”
Prewitt spins, blocking Unakite with his body, growling. “Yeah! And, one of them cowboys tried to murder me in cold blood for winning the right of Gloriette as a soul mate, too.”
Vrain jerks Unakite from Prewitt, saying and nodding. “The best man won, dude.”
Sechar stands between Unakite and Prewitt. “Break it up, dogs! This is why were captured Pox. We don’t want to participate in Trig, anymore. We don’t want our future children to endure a death for a chance of love.”
Ametheta grins. “Sechar’s right. What have ya found, Gloriette?”
I shake my arm, burning with the implant. “I’m jamming an incoming frequent.”
Pox chuckles. “That’s my mama. She be calling me for suppertime. We be having fried fish freshly drawn from the mountain lake.”
Vrain punches Pox’s rib cage then he moans.
I exhale. “I have successfully jammed the incoming frequent. I do believe that we might be getting some royal company in a few minutes. We capture them, too, finding out the location of the Trig computer.”
Sechar touches her implant. “Then, we plug the cables and burn them.”
Prewitt swings around to the other belles and beaus. “Every one grab a position around the door and near the wall. When they enter, grab and hold ‘em. We want all the parties un-harmed and alive. We only question them about Phillipina’s key, learning of the location of the door. Then, we tie ‘em up and let them be.”
Sechar says. “How are we going to attack the computer?”
I say. “A virus will destroy any software or scramble its brains into shutting down. My mama’s got a box load of viruses on her computer shelf. I’ve already acquired three good ones, using Pox’s cell. Once, we reach and control the room, housing the Trig computer. I’ll use the more efficient computer than grab more viruses, implanting into the mainframe. Then, Trig be gone, ya’ll!” I shake my burning implant. I turn and smile at Pox, landing his cell necktie on his chest. “Thanks for the loan. I sorry, too. Prewitt wasn’t supposed to beat your face, un-pretty.”
Prewitt stands beside Gloriette, sneering. “You be lucky, that I didn’t beat my fists down to your butthole for trying to harm my girl.”
“Thanks for the visual fantasy, Prewitt.” Vrain slaps Prewitt’s collar bone, saying.
I frown. “Once, we find the Trig computer, destroy it, and release our implants. We’re leaving Starrtus. We will never see me, again, Pox.”
Pox smiles. “I wish that for you, love.”
I shake my burning implant, viewing the glowing pink then view the cell on Pox’s chest. I lift the cell then drop the cell on Pox’s chest. Then, I lift the cell. “Is this is gold?”
Prewitt shakes his skull. “Naw, it’s copper. Gold is slightly heavy with a bright yellow tint. Copper is a lighter metal with a brash reddish tone. See, the red streaks from the dull overhead lights.”
Vrain laughs. “My daddy’s got a gold cell, too. All the children got a cheap copper component in their cells, while the adults receive all pure gold cells. I tried to con Daddy out of his, but he beat my bee-hind, instead.”
I hold the necktie cell. “That’s weird! When I hold the cell, my arm burns, and then when I release the cell, my arm feels better.” I view Pox. “Why, Pox?”
Pox smiles. “Don’t know!”
“The prince of nothingness,” chuckles Prewitt.
Pox frowns.
Sechar frowns. “He tells the truth, Gloriette. Pox doesn’t possess an implant. The cell wouldn’t affect his biological body composition, unlike us from Gambo and Playtus. We received the implant at birth. He’s only a prince.”
I frown. “A prince,” I view Prewitt. “A farmer.” Then, I view Pox, lying his cell on his chest, smiling. “I understand.” I kiss Pox.
“Gloriette!?” Prewitt frowns, stepping towards her.
I toss a hand then emerge from the kiss, smiling. “Experimental. I taste apple sauce. Do you taste, like apple sauce to me, Pox?” He nods. I remove the necktie cell from Pox’s chest. I lay it on the floor then stand, smiling over my prisoner. I kiss Pox and emerge, smiling. “I taste apple sauce. Did you, also?” Pox smiles, nodding. I bounce up and down, swinging to Prewitt, smiling. “I fixed it.”
Prewitt sneers. “You kissed it.”
“Naw!” I hold Pox’s cell. “His cell is the link to the Trig computer. I fixed it.”
Sechar frowns. “Pox doesn’t have an implant, like me, or you, Gloriette.”
I say. “The cell is sending a signal of sweetness to my implant. When I first kissed Pox, on our introduction day of Trig, he tasted, like apple sauce. He was wearing his personal princely cell. We didn’t have cell, remember?”
Vrain nods. “Gloriette’s right. My cell was missing, when I awoke with a burning arm.”
I smile. “I tinkered with the cell, cutting off the signal from the Trig. Now, he tastes, like apple sauce. Remember, we saw Jacidee slam on the cell then she kissed Pox with her implant. The cell is the key.”
Unakite laughs. “She did that to kiss the prince, one more time, before we all leave Starrtus, forever.”
Prewitt shoves Unakite from him. “Shut it, boy, before I make you into a man.”
Unakite chuckles. “Ya can try, babe!”
Prewitt sneers. “I only do, sweetheart!”
Sechar stands between Unakite and Prewitt, sneering. “I will do, to both ya’ll yahoos. Stand down, rednecks!”
Vrain frowns. “Uh, babe! That makes no perfect sense. If you tinkered with his princely cell, then you would not taste the opposite of sweet, like sour grapes.”
I smile, skipping to Prewitt. “Not any more.” I stop, smiling and nodding. “Ya want a real kiss from a real belle, cowboy.”
Prewitt grabs, dipping her then chuckles. He slowly draws lips.
I pout my lips.
We touch.
I gag. “Sour grapes.” I upright, mouth spitting on the floor.
“Yuck-o!” Prewitt mouth spits.
Unakite shuffles to Pox, saying. “I believe, Pox is the key to finding the Trig computer.”
I back step, viewing the implant. “I feel hot,” I view Prewitt, covering the burn with my hand.
Prewitt presses his arm. “My implant’s burning. I gotta a hot fever, too.”
“Me, too!” Custar slaps her arm.
“Mine is burning.” Vrain waves his arm.
“Make it stop, Gloriette!” Sechar screams then falls to the floor.
I wobble side to side inside Prewitt’s arm, saying. “I’m hot and feverish, like, when the implant activated the first time.”
I faint on top of Prewitt.

Ten minutes later
I blink my eyelashes open, seeing the floor. I feel the cool chains around my arms then jerk with vicious violent, yelling. “Dang!”
Phillipina appears in her gown with the golden key around her neck. She sours. “I can forgive the others belles and beaus for kidnapping my son. And, I can forgive the other belles and beaus for following a strong leader. But, I can’t forgive a punishment against their leader.”
Prewitt yells in chains sitting next to Gloriette. “Punish me, not her.”
I mouth spit then sour. “You control my implant. I demand freedom to control my own destiny, princess.”
Phillipina smiles. “Mademoiselle Gloriette, I am the Dominion. I live on Starrtus, the palace capitol at the North Pole with miles of beautiful blue sky, white snow, and green water.”
I sour. “Know that!”
“Hey, the princess of nothingness, your big sissy boys can fight me. I like to bleed the others princes and princesses” chuckles Prewitt.
Phillipina orders. “Gag and bound the misfits of Gambo and Playtus, while their leader is being punished.” The DOBs gag and bound the belles and beaus. Phillipina says. “I will repeat for all of your eardrums. Your home cities are not part of the Dominion. Both leaders asked the Dominion to intermediate, come between the…”
“…love. The love a man and woman. The love of a mother and a child. The love of a family,” gritting my teeth. “You created Trig.” I say.
She smiles. “Trig is a mathematical sign of a circle inside a triangle.”
I say. “Every child born, here, gets an implant. The implant is controlled by Trig. Trig is a sophisticated mating ritual for your evil purposes of breeding more little baby princes and princesses. Pox doesn’t have a pink spot from his implant. Since, Pox didn’t get an implant at birth, being a prince of nothingness, too.”
She grins. “Trig plays a part in the selection process of mates on Starrtus. I was granted permission to participate.”
“Granted permission by whom?” I ask.
She sours. “You will serve your punishment then leave Starrtus. Ametheta, you have requested the honor of beating the belle.”
Ametheta nods, smirking. “Yes, princess! I, indeed, have requested that honor.”
Phillipina back steps towards the wall. “This is Countess Ametheta from Starrtus. She and Pox will be married, right after you bleed on the clean floor, and then whisked away on transport from Starrtus.” She shakes my curls. “You’re a fine girl, Gloriette. Trig has properly selected you and Pox. Alas, you’re too much for any one man to handle. Finish this, Ametheta!”
Ametheta grins, strolling into the middle of the floor.
I stand from the loose chains, wiggling blood into my numb limbs, walking into the middle. I view the princess. “When I beat her silly, then I wanna see what’s behind that door?”
Phillipina frowns, viewing Gloriette then looks at Ametheta. She nods to Gloriette, saying. “That is an acceptable request, if you should win. I am the judge of this solo event.”
I hit her legs, first.
Ametheta falls backwards, then I punch cheekbone. She kicks my stomach, when I fly into the wall.
I stand, shaking off the dizziness, feeling the bruises. I run then leap knocking her to the ground.
She lies on her stomach.
I grab her arm, viewing the smooth skin. I jerk it into the air, fingering it to my rebel friends. “See, mama! No pink stain! I’m, too, clean and pure.”
Ametheta sneers then kicks a boot into the back of Gloriette.
I scream then roll to the side in pain. I stand on knees, shifting away, when she grabs my wounded arm then squeezes. I scream, kicking her shin.
Ametheta limps away from Gloriette.
Pox dashes from the archway then grabs Gloriette.
We hit the wall.
Pox cuddles Gloriette, yelling. “Mama, stop this violence. We are Starrtus.”
Ametheta sits on the floor, frowning. “Pox, I’m defending your honor. They attacked you.”
Pox hugs Gloriette, saying. “I can defend my own honor, Ametheta.” He views Phillipina. “They are love-sick teens, looking for the wrong answer, Mama. And, I believe that you should show them the right answer.”
Phillipina frowns. “I do not think that a wise choice, Pox. We don’t know of the upcoming consequences.”
I say. “Wise choice!? I have no choice, but to participate in Trig. I have no choice, but to participate in the pairing of Trig. I have no choice for love.”
Phillipina exhales then holds the key. “This is my choice that I make at the expense of my children.” She swings towards the door, inserting the key. She opens the door.
I wobble then stomp into the room, first. “O my!”
Prewitt tosses the gag and chains, following Gloriette. He stands in the archway, parting his lips. “What the heck?”
Sechar frowns, scooting inside the wide archway, standing near the wall. “This is very large warehouse.”
Vrain touches the wooden shelf. “There are only pieces and parts of electronic components.”
I touch the cold feeling electronic silver tinted part on the first work shelf, saying. “This is a component for the mechanic reindeer on the sleigh ride from Mount Starrtus.”
Phillipina stands beside Gloriette, saying. “This is our warehouse, containing all the electronic components from Playtus.”
“It could’ve been the large refrigerator of food from Gambo,” says Vrain. Sechar slams his chest then he chuckles.
I back step out of the room, dropping my mouth, shaking my curls. “I am more confused.”
Phillipina swings, facing the stunned belles and beaus. “You possess the single answer to your solo question, Gloriette. Open your eyes and ears. You all will leave Starrtus, immediately.”
I frown with sadness. “I am sorry for the misunderstanding, princess.”
She walks into the tower room, saying. “I am sorry, too. Let us conduct the Trig business, quickly, getting this over and done.”
Prewitt cuddles Gloriette. “Let us leave and get to our life. You’re going to be a great farm wife, Gloriette.”
I smile. “Yeah!”
Phillipina frowns. “The, only, surviving Trig couples are allowed to marry and mate, here, on Starrtus. Sechar and Vrain, do you wish to marry?”
Sechar smiles, nodding. “Yes.” Vrain nods, hugging her soul mate.
Phillipina nods, saying. “They will marry, now. Madam DOB, please record and proceed with the marriage of Sechar and Vrain.”
I bounce between Prewitt’s arms, feeling excitement.
Madam DOB changes into royal blue color for the family identification society mark of Sechar on Playtus.
Sechar and Vrain cuddle each other, without a long wedding gown or an arm bouquet of pretty flowers. He holds her hand.
Madam DOB presents a ring of copper to the young couple, saying. “Sechar and Vrain are the newest paired married assets by the law of Trig, in the city of Starrtus, on Mount Starrtus. Congratulations! You may kiss your new bride.”
Vrain wiggles his eyebrows, pulling Sechar into his lips. They kiss.
The audience claps.
Then, they emerge, smiling.
Phillipina motions to the archway. “The young married couple may exit from Mount Starrtus and the city of Starrtus. Good delights to both of ya’ll!”
Sechar and Vrain follow the royal blue colored Madam DOB, exiting the tower room.
Phillipina views the other paired couple. “Custar and Dugway, do you want to marry, here, today?”
Dugway says. “Yee-haw! We shore do.” He hugs Custar, smiling. Custar giggles.
Madam DOB changes into royal purple for the family color of Custar, saying. “Custar and Dugway are the newest paired married assets by the law of Trig, in the city of Starrtus, on Mount Starrtus. Congratulations! You may kiss your new bride.”
Dugway kisses Custar.
The audience claps.
Then, they emerge, smiling.
Phillipina motions towards the archway, saying. “The young married couple may exit from Mount Starrtus and the city of Starrtus. Good delights to both of ya’ll!”
They follow the royal purple tinted Madam DOB, exiting out the tower room.
Phillipina views the countess, saying. “Ametheta was purposefully paired with Unakite in Trig, being very compatible.” She smiles. “I find both of you a dynamic attractive couple, countess,” she views Unakite. “But, alas, dear boy, it is her decision.”
Ametheta shake her curls, frowning with fury. “Never.”
Madam DOB says. “Recorded.”
Unakite mouth spits on the floor then sneers. “I’ll rather kiss my favorite diary cow named Betsy, then that ole ugly heifer, over yonder.”
Madam DOBs says. “Recorded.”
Ametheta stomps towards the archway, yelling. “And, ya be doing that a lot from now on, plow-boy!” She turns to face Unakite. “You and Betsy have a nice life, ya’ll.” She exits the tower room.
Phillipina smiles, viewing him. “Prewitt has lost his Sine and two Cosines, while surviving the beau Tangent. He has completed Trig, thus becoming un-engaged and available for another round of Trig.”
Prewitt waves his hands, chuckling. “No, thank you, ma’am! This be the last time you see my pretty bruised face.”
Phillipina smiles at Gloriette. “Pox and Gloriette are the late surviving Trig couple, originated paired. Is this your last chance for love, sweetheart? Do you want to marry, Pox?”
I shake my curls, “No, princess!”
Madam DOB says, “Recorded.”
Pox views Gloriette, saying. “Why ya answer, first, Gloriette?”
Phillipina exhales. “I have hoped that you and Pox would marry. Alas, the loss is great for Starrtus. You would have been a very good princess, Gloriette.”
I view my boots. “Thank you.”
Phillipina smiles, “Trig has ended. Thank you for participating! The sky ships are being prepped as we speak.”
I toss an arm, smiling. “Princess Phillipina, I know that I’ve been tons of trouble, here, on Starrtus. But, I have one more request, before I leave Trig.”
Phillipina nods. “Speak it!”
I hold Prewitt by the arm. “Could Madam DOB marry Prewitt and I, here, legally? Since, Trig is done. And, I am done with Trig, too. Prewitt is done with Trig, being un-engaged.”
Phillipina frowns at Gloriette. “Incorrect! His Sine is dead by your hand through the Cosine, making him engaged and widowed. He became un-engaged by the beau Tangent run, and then winning back his bachelor-ship.”
Prewitt chuckles. “What’s up with the ship-name thing? Queen-ship. Bachelor-ship. Prince-ship. Me-ship. Or, me shit?”
I giggle then stomp his boot, when he chuckles. Then, I nod to Phillipina, saying. “I know that very well, ma’am. We, both, are un-engaged and would to marry on beautiful Starrtus, like now.”
She shakes her curls. “I cannot marry you and him.”
I view the floor, frowning. “I was only a suggestion.”
Prewitt cuddles Gloriette, smiling. “We marry on Gambo, doll.”
Phillipina shakes her curls, viewing him. “You cannot marry her, Prewitt.”
He views Gloriette, smiling. “I love Gloriette,” then he views him. “Sorry, Pox!”
Pox raises both palms. “No offense taken!”
Phillipina exhales. “He is un-engaged.”
Pox stands behind Gloriette. “Look at your implant.”
I view my arm. “I see a triangle with the letter, A in green.”
Prewitt views his arm. “I see a triangle, no letters.”
Phillipina nods. “Prewitt’s symbol represents no mate, no marriage, no engagement, technically a widower. Thus, he can marry any maiden of the land that he pleases by coming back to Trig. Trig will allow the marriage, here, on Mount Starrtus.”
Prewitt chuckles. “Yee-haw, I can mate with anyone.”
I grin, nodding. “Excellent! Then, Trig can marry us, today, now on Starrtus. We approve of it, now, today.”
Pox frowns at Gloriette, saying. “Trig controls your biological and chemical levels, the sour grapes.”
I frown. “So!?”
Prewitt asks. “We, both, are single and un-engaged. Can’t we trick trig into pairing up and marrying us?”
“You’re single, but…,” Pox exhales, hugging her. “Gloriette, you called out un-engage, before me. Why did you do that, love?”
I smirk. “I wanted it quick and clear for both of us.”
Pox exhales. “I promised to you, that I would do that, today.”
I frown. “I don’t understand.”
Phillipina says. “The term un-engagement means that the person chooses, not to mate, marry, or produce a child.”
I frown at Pox. “Why would you sacrifice that for me? You kept telling me that you loved me then you didn’t love me. Then, you did then you didn’t. I got dizzy from the spinning love wheel.”
“Gloriette, I promise to call, un-engage, because I’m not implanted. I’m not tied to Trig. I’m a prince of Starrtus, not a resident of Gambo or Playtus. I can date, mate, marry and produce a child with any belle.”
Prewitt smiles, leaning into face. “Ya gave up a prince or me.”
I view him, smiling. “Yeah!”
Prewitt chuckles. “We’re even. Pox will marry his royal sweetie, Ameaniethere, and I will marry my princess, Gloriette.”
Pox exhales, frowning. “I was supposed to call, un-engage.”
Prewitt chuckles, hugging her. “Gloriette beat ya to it, buddy. Gotta be fast around her, pal!”
I nod, giggling, “Yo, boy.”
Phillipina frowns with annoyance. “Mademoiselle Gloriette spoke it out loud, while Madam DOB recorded the final verbal statement for all televised communication.”
“Yo, babe!” I giggle.
Phillipina frowns. “The computer is tied into Trig. Trig is tied into your implant. The implant is tied into the final ending of Trig. You selected your choice by both a verbal acknowledgement and a visual conformation. Your triangle shows with one single colored green letter, A. The single letter represents you, alone, by your self.”
I frown, viewing Prewitt then Pox then Phillipina, saying. “So, if I’m not unengaged, married, or widowed, then what am I?”
Phillipina says, “Rejected.”
I frown. “Rejected!? What does that mean?”
Phillipina frowns. “Your implant will not allow you to re-enter Trig for a second time. You will spend the rest of your days, without a babe, a man or a marriage.” She views the DOBs, ordering. “Escort these teen belles and beaus off my home world of Starrtus. The teen couples, who have just gotten married, are invited back to deliver a child, here, on Starrtus, when the time comes. Good delights!”
The silver tinted DOB drags a shouting Prewitt out the room, first.
“No.” I sob, wiping the tears from my face. I am surrounded by six emerald green DOBs walking towards the Starrtus sky ship. I am going back home to Playtus, without a beau, and a baby to live, alone, with my mama, forever


11:04 pm
Starrtus sky ship
cabin

I sit, feeling the smooth metal cooling on the warm bench seat inside the passenger lounge of the sky ship underneath my jeans. I’m numb, not feeling the bruise on my cheekbone from the reflection on the mirrored walls.
The purpose, all the mirrored walls allow Madam DOB to watch every passenger for any sign of trouble.
I am feel-deathness. I lost both a mate and a marriage, the possibility of a baby. Now, I go back home, alone, worrying about my person. I concern about my mama’s reaction for me. I care about my family’s future from me.
I was supposed to have produced the fifth generation of Faywood. I feel-deathness, again.
I exhale, feeling the heated engine rumble underneath my worn cowgirl boots. Then, I hear.
“Mademoiselle Gloriette.”
I view my bruised, bloody hands. The caked blood and small cuts are open and exposed from my hand to hand fighting with tough-girl Ametheta in the tower room of the Starrtus log cabin.
Madam DOB is one of six guarding me. It stands in the archway while the engines warm.
“Gloriette…”
I bend my aching fingers, feeling coldness then warmth on my collar bone.
“Gloriette…”
I look up, seeing the image of a handsome and smiling Prewitt, a lovely day dream in my wickedly depressed state of mental mind, hearing.
“Gloriette…”
I softly say. “Prewitt…” smiling at my vivid imagination of my full depression, inside my mentally unstable mind.
“Gloriette, I’m here with you.”
I frown with confusion, saying softly. “Prewitt...”
“Prewitt,” he nods then man-pulls Gloriette into his chest. He tenderly kisses her forehead with his soft lips and then pulls back, grinning.”
I smile with surprise. “How? Why?”
Sechar raises the screwdriver, grinning and giggling. “The ultimate tool controls all Dummy Operational Bodies. Didn’t ya learn that at age of twelve, Gloriette, too?”
Dugway chuckles, tossing his hands and wiggling the fingers. “Don’t get near me with that thing!” Then, he cuddles his new wife Custar.
Vrain cuddles Sechar, smiling and saying. “You can come near me with anything, my new handsome married mate,” he kisses her lips, chuckling.
“I learned at the age of eleven how to handle a screwdriver,” Custar smiles, walking hand-in-hand with Dugway.
Unakite struts, shifting towards the narrow hallway with four sleep rooms on board the Starrtus sky ship. He nods, scanning the open lounge space, smiling. “I like this ship. Big. It could hold lots of my beef cattle. Can I keep it after our escape from Starrtus?” He totes a big trunk over his back, turning right then bumps and bangs the hard metal against the narrow enclosed walls of metal, making small indentations. He chuckles.
Vrain frowns and fingers at him. “Unakite! I said to bring along a small traveling bag for the rescue and recovery of Gloriette, not your stallion’s saddle suitcase. Ah naw! We ain’t stealing the ship. We got our own fleet of nice and beaten up functional flying machines,” he exhales, shaking his skull. He kisses Sechar’s face, smiling and whispering into her face.
Unakite exits the lounge, showing two fingers in the hold, chuckling. “Peace out! I can’t leave my favorite weapon behind.”
Dugway frowns at the cockpit door, cuddling on the bench seat with Custar. “Who’s driving this dang sky ship to Playtus?”
Sechar holds the screwdriver, again, giggling. “Me. The DOB is under my evil vile control, ya’ll. And, the pilot console is pre-set for our journey back home to Playtus.”
I frown, viewing my new friends from Trig with both wonderment and intrigue. “How? Why? What?”
Custar giggles. “Gloriette lost both her brain cells plus the girly fight with Ameaniethere.”
Dugway frowns, viewing Sechar. “Ameaniethere!?”
Sechar giggles, winking at Dugway, “Ametheta’s newly creative nickname, permanently.”
I toss my arm, frowning. “I won that fight, darling.”
Prewitt tosses his hand. “Get up off this snowball, permanently! Now! Somebody, please!”
Custar slams her implant to the exposed panel for activation of the pilot DOB. “Everyone sit. We’re off to Playtus, the location of Trig. It’s not hidden in-between the secret doors within the cold town of Starrtus, so the computer is housed, somewhere, in the heated city of Playtus, since the beginning of time. And, don’t ask me why, how, whatever question, either, since my mama didn’t tattle to me, either. So, go and ask your mama! Show Playtus!”
The visual colorful picture hologram exhibits many vertical rows of tall ugly shiny metal colored buildings.
I study the hologram, frowning and fingering. “I be smart. Look at Building-278, slap dab in the middle of the city. The height is the highest structure on Playtus. I’ve never seem Playtus from outer space, either. My second time on a sky-ship.” I exhale, nodding at the hologram.
Prewitt cuddles Gloriette, stroking her arms.
Sechar narrows her eyelashes at the hologram. “Me, either! Look, Gloriette guessed wrong about the location of Trig computer.”
I sour with both rejection and fury, viewing Sechar. “I beg your pardon. At least, I proposed an idea for locating and sabotaging Trig,” I exhale, frowning with disappointment.
Prewitt kisses Gloriette on the forehead, since he can’t kiss her lips, without a pungent sour taste. He says. “Gloriette is the heroine for day. She saved all of us by winning the fight and getting us kicked off of Starrtus, foreverly. I ain’t ever coming back here. Period! And, if I see Pox’s handsome face, ever again, then he’ll look really good with an additional broken nose,” he chuckles with the beaus.
Custar frowns at Gloriette, saying. “How certain are we that this is the correct location, Gloriette, this time? I’m not interested, or intrigued, with another fist fight with any other Ameaniethere or mean belle.”
I finger the hologram of Playtus. “Trig uses a set of atmospheric wave frequents, communicating back and forth between our cities all over the planet. If anyone has fiddled with their cells, you know, that you can’t access an image of any other city, like Starrtus, without some major visual imagery interference.” I slap my chest, nodding. “I live in Building Two, one of the tallest in Playtus, right next store to Building One. Building 278 is twenty feet higher than my home building.”
Sechar nods, fingering and grinning at the hologram. “That’s right. And, Gloriette’s right, also.”
Custar frowns, studying the hologram. “But, Building One is the tallest structure on Playtus. It’s more logical to assume Trig is located in the highest building,” she scans the faces.
I shake my curls. “There are no communication antennas. Even in our technological society, we need the antennas to communicate with the orbiting satellites. Look at the tall and short antennas on Building 278. From this far out distance of outer space, we get a clear picture, a good overview of the different size antennas for the atmospheric wave frequencies. Ya know, we don’t have one single antenna on one residential building, because the antenna wires are built into the windows. But, this one, right here, in Building 278, this is it. I’m shore,” I nod, fingering the hologram.
Sechar nods, smiling at the hologram. “That’s right. I like that logic. It makes perfect sense.”
Custar exhales, nodding. “I guess, I can believe ya, Gloriette, again.”
I smile, nodding. “Trig is located inside Building 278. We, just, destroy Building 278. No more Trig. That’s good. Now, how are we going to explain all of ya’ll coming back to Playtus? I’m expected back home. Sechar and Vrain, you’re supposed to stay and play on Starrtus, being your honeymoon night and month, trying to produce a baby.” I giggle, patting Prewitt on the arm. I really pray, wish, and hope we all can destroy Trig and then Prewitt and I will get married, starting a family in the city of Gambo.
Sechar nods. “We know that, too. And, we’ve all talked about this, also. We want to implement your idea, destroying Trig. Me and Vrain will have a child, not under Trig and…”
“…that is final, belles and beaus,” Custar nods, scanning the faces.
I exhale, smiling. “I feel my confidence overflowing with ya’ll, my new friends, from both Playtus and Gambo, coming back home to Playtus, for our VIP mission…”
“…and marriage,” winks Prewitt at Gloriette, nodding and grinning.
“Okay!” I giggle and clap. “Sechar can’t return home, either. Your mama would faint. She saw you married on Starrtus.”
“Your mama did?” Vrain frowns at Sechar.
“And, your daddy did,” Sechar nods at Vrain, saying. “Madam DOB recorded our weddings then transmitted it back to our home cities.”
Custar nods. “Madam DOB is a multi-functional robot with many uses, good and bad.”
I nod. “Custar and Dugway can’t go back to her family on Playtus. Unakite...”
“Unakite…,” frowns Prewitt.
“Unakite…,” frowns Dugway.
“Unakite…,” frowns Vrain.
“Unakite…,” frowns Ametheta, standing in the archway. She wears her cat suit, without shoes.
I frown at her, “Ameaniethere? Why are you here, on board the ship, going to Playtus? You don’t belong here, either. So, just, open up that hatch and then jump,” giggling.
Unakite stands, jogging to Ametheta, grinning and nodding. “I invited her to participate.” He kisses her, smiling then cuddles her into his chest.
Ametheta struggles from his hug, saying. “He kidnapped me.”
Unakite cuddles Ametheta into his chest, nodding and grinning.
Prewitt frowns, “Ya drugged her?”
Unakite kisses her cheekbone, grinning. “I used my chemistry.”
Vrain fingers the bench seat. “Sit down, ya’ll! Before, we hit an air pocket.”
Unakite drags her towards the end of the bench seat and then into his lap, chuckling. Ametheta slides onto the metal, frowning and struggling within Unakite’s biceps, arms and hands.
Custar frowns at the hologram. “The Trig computer is located in Building 278, which is slightly taller and slightly heavier with satellite antennas,” she views Gloriette. “How’da ya figure that out, Gloriette?”
I smile, flipping my hand. “The images from outer space coupled with my curiosity. That’s why the belles are kidnapped during the burn. So, we didn’t see the configurations of that specific building. We’re all logical and schooled in electronics. As an electronic wizard, I would’ve been more curiosity about that particular building, if I had been given the opportunity, seeing its roof top from outer space.”
Vrain frowns at the hologram. “How much security will be inside Building 278, Sechar?”
Sechar nods, fingering the hologram. “Megatons! Since, electronics are indeed valuable…”
“We don’t have thieves,” I frown at Sechar.
Sechar nods, viewing Gloriette. “Yes! There’re thievery and thieves among the buildings.”
“Why?” Custar frowns, viewing Sechar.
I exhale, viewing Unakite and Ametheta playing, being jealous. I shout. “Stop stinging on Unakite, Ametheta!”
“She don’t bite, but stings,” laughs Unakite, tickling on Ametheta.
She giggles then frowns, struggling with him, again. Ametheta says. “Think about this, cowboy! I don’t wear an implant. I taste, like candy to every male,” she smirks, pulling away Unakite.
Prewitt chuckles, “Ya smell like vomit to me, doll!”
Sechar frowns, tossing an arm. “Okay, children! The goal is co-operation, not co-destruction.” Vrain huddles and kisses her face.
I feel jealous-numb at the married and non-married couples, playing and kissing on each other’s body parts.
Prewitt pats Gloriette on the arm, since Trig has rigged it that he can’t kiss her lips.
“Go to one of the sleep rooms, Unakite.” Vrain frowns, fingering the empty hallway.
Custar says. “Where do we hide and sleep on Playtus, ya’ll?”
I laugh. “I’m hiding all of ya’ll inside my tree house.”
Dugway grins and giggles. “Tree house?”
Vrain smiles and says. “Ya got a tree house?”
Prewitt chuckles. “Ya got a real tall tree with a real wooden house, between the tree limbs.” He tickles Gloriette, chuckling.
Sechar winks at Gloriette. “Gloriette’s home building possesses a landscape of land, where almost all the other home buildings, only, have both pavement and stone, no grass. I have a landscape of flowers, not trees. My mama don’t like cooing birds in the tree branches. But, we’re wealthy compared to the other home buildings.”
The engines roar then silence.
The sky ship lands in the pavement at Building 300, slightly off center of the city, where the parked DOB horse-and-carriages will transport a Playtusian to their particular home building.



Day 27

6:07 am
Building Two
morning. cool. cloudy. sunny. 64°F.
kitchen

I stored my friends safely inside the tree house with food, blankets, and cellies, a few minutes ago. Now, I confront the family with huge reservation and some worry. I step off the elevator.
Her mama, my grandmother, and my great grandmother sit around the table inside the chairs, not smiling. They wear black clothing, instead of our family theme color of emerald green.
I frown, standing at the table, staring down at her brown hair roots. “Mama, you couldn’t tell me about Trig, the burning implant, the hot fever, and being kidnapped to there on top of the planet at Starrtus. I got really upset, being carted away in the middle of the night then slept the day away. And, why ya’ll in dull black?”
The building chime rings.
Her mama views the floor. “The family ID of Playtus requires a child. You will never have a child. You were rejected from Trig. You will never attend Trig for a second time. You have been rejected from the Faywood dynasty, daughter.”
I sour, frowning with annoyance. “What the heck? How does a family reject a blood-kin daughter?”
Her mama sobs into the handkerchief. “The implant determined your future and our futures. We all must move into Building 249.”
I view the window, narrowing eyelashes. “That’s somewhere in the middle of the city.”
Her mama sobs. “You have lost for us our building, our business, our baby. We will go on, without you and your unborn child. We will continue our lives, making electronic components for Starrtus.”
I smirk. “I can have a baby. I’m a healthy specimen of the female race,” I feel hope and happiness with my future wedding with Prewitt.
Her mama sobs, shaking her curls. “You will never have a child, without a mate. You were rejected from Trig. You will never attend Trig for a second time. You have been rejected from the Faywood dynasty.”
I sour, frowning with more annoyance. “You’re repeating your nasty sentences. Is there some type of new information to tattle, Mama?” I feel angry-confusion.
Her grandmother sobs with tears into the handkerchief, too. She frowns, too. “The tree house, the building, and the pavement all belong to the Havitto family ID, now. Her daughter delivered a little baby girl, yesterday, making for their blood-kin, a first ever six generations,” she blows into the handkerchief with loud disgusting sounds.
“So!?” I view the empty hallway. “What about my stuff, my room, me?”
Her mama sours, staring at Gloriette. “You are being sent to Building 555 to live and to survive for your remaining days and nights, away from the Faywood family ID unit.”
I frown. “Dang! I, just, survived Trig, barely. What’s happening here, Mama? I do not get it, understand it, or appreciate it.”
Her mama views her hands. “Gloriette, you have truly failed. You were to produce a child, updating our dynasty, without the child…”
“We own it,” frowning at my mama.
Her mama along with the other females in my immediate family shakes their curls. Her mama says. “We do not own, anything. We own status, a family ID.”
I sour. “O, a theme color. Gotcha!” I giggle, feeling victorious-avenged.
“The highest generation number attains the highest luxury offered by the city of Playtus,” my mama frowns at her hands.
I sour, frowning with annoyance. “That’s some big pile of country cow patties, Mama. Don’t we have money, or currency, or riches, or wealth, in terms of land, property, equipment, and other touchable stuffies,” giggling.
She sours. “We did.”
I view my boots. “I sorry.”
Her mama views the floor, frowning. “You are rejected from Trig and rejected from the Faywood family. You must leave, immediately.”
I nod, frowning with annoyance. “Gotcha! Can I say goodbye to my lovely tree house? I guess, Building 555 doesn’t have grass much less a tree or two.”
Her mama nods, viewing the floor.
I swing towards the elevator, exiting the Faywood family and Building Two.

6:37 am. Tree house

I crouch through the curved archway of my tree house.
The gang spreads over the wooden floor, enjoying food, chat, and images from the plasma.
I stand, shaking my curls. “Trouble, ya’ll! I’ve been rejected from Trig and Faywood.”
Unakite frowns at Gloriette, chewing the food. “What’s a Faywood?”
Sechar sours, frowning at Gloriette. “Her name dynasty.”
I nod, “My name is de-nasty, now,” giggling. I clap, nodding. “We don’t have much time to waste. I’m a prisoner of Building 555 for the rest of my life, until Prewitt rescues me.” I wink at him, giggling.
He smiles at Gloriette, showing food between his teeth.
I giggle, nodding. “I’m allowed to borrow my mama’s DOB shaped horse-and-carriage, moving my personal gear and stuff. I don’t know the physical or environmental condition of Building 555. So, I want everyone to grab all the stuff, here, inside the tree house, including food stuff, blankets, not the plasma. I’ll take all my linens, towels, toys, and some food. Ya’ll get ready! I’ll open the middle section, within the carriage, creating an empty holding space then ya’ll all sneak inside. I’ll cover you with the blankets and pillows. Our DOBs are servants, not guards. Does everyone understand the plan?”

1:31 pm. Building 555
blue sky. sunny. no clouds. no rain. hot. 96% humidity. 101°F.

The mechanical horse and carriage hovers in the air, when a ladder plows into the dirt.
I sit inside the horse and carriage for the very last time as a Faywood daughter, taking my sweet tea time gathering my personal stuff from my bedroom and tree house for five hot daylight hours. I feel happy-vengeance.
I stand, exhaling then stomp down into the dirt.
The land is red clay dirt, where the single paved road ends at the last building, in the city of Playtus.
I view a two-story squat building, without any numbers. Since, every female knows that Playtus ends with the last building, number 555 and starts with the tallest building, number one. I feel nervous-thrilled.
I stroll towards a single door of glass surrounded by jet black smooth metals, entering.
An elderly woman wears a lavender faded party dress down to her ankles with low heels. Her hair is pulled into a ponytail with a big lavender-colored hair bow. She doesn’t smile at new teenager arrival.
I raise my hand in a friendly gesture, “I am…”
“…Rejected,” she grabs the teenager by the arm, viewing the triangle with the letter A. Then, she presents her arm to Gloriette. Her arm is badly wrinkled and glowingly pale.
I barely make out the formation of a triangle but clearly see the letter A in the color of lavender burnt into her ghostly skin. I whip back my arm, cuddling my body. “I hate that word,” whispering for my eardrums, only.
She smiles with missing front teeth, leaning onto a walking cane. “I am called, Grandmother. You are called, Rejected.”
“I am…”
“…Rejected.” Grandmother smirks, viewing the strange Madam DOB. “You don’t have a family ID, here. Ya got a DOB, thou?”
“The DOB’s helping me move my personal items from my mama’s carriage. Both the carriage and the DOB are required to return to…”
“…the family ID, ya don’t got.” She swings around towards the hallway from the young teen, ordering. “Follow me for the tour! I’ll show you, your sleep room.”
The walls are slick black metal from ceiling to floor, like the outside exterior of the matching metal building.
Grandmother stops at the intersection of an open space of a single cross-road, fingering to the right. “Hallway! It leads to your personal sleep room, take the stairs on the right. You can have the entire second floor space. Since, you be the only resident, there.”
I narrow my eyelashes, seeing a dark narrow corridor, without activity or light.
Grandmother fingers to the left, “Hallway! It leads outside.”
I swing left, narrowing my eyelashes.
A bright hallway of natural sunlight leads towards an assortment of natural trees, grasses, and dirt. I recognize the mounds. This structure is also called the death building or D-building, where all bodies come for processing into a single grave, along the bumpy red clay landscape.
Grandmother says. “Get your stuff, Rejected!”
I exhale and frown, swinging around to DOB, ordering, “DOB, go to the right down the hallway then take the upstairs on the right. Please, setup my bedroom sleep room suite.” DOB rotates to the right with limbs full of boxes and bags, leaving me with Grandmother.
DOB will secretly assist my Trig friends, out of the mechanic horse and carriage safely into the second level of living space, while I occupy Grandmother with her nonsense business. And, I carefully figure out a plan to destroy Trig, inside Building 278.
Grandmother still fingers to the left, “That’s the food room, too.”
I feel sick-nausea. The fresh eating food is inside a cold room which is kept near the fresh dead bodies. I feel nausea-vomit, now.
Grandmother slowly pads towards the opposite end of the long hallway.
I frown with annoyance, scooting along the smooth metal flooring.
She hobbles with a cane into a semi-round room.
I stand inside the archway.
A room of long and wide windows shows the rounded mounds, representing all the dead bodies in Playtus, from the different family IDs, who didn’t need a family ID, today. Some of the mounds hold grass. Some of the mounds are pretty wildflowers. Some of the mounds are fresh diggings of red clay.
Grandmother says. “Folks die, every day and night…”
“I have…”
“…to attend this office desk in the control room. Your new word for the day, control room. The room controls the activity inside the cavern. You will monitor the plasma screen for activity. Sit!” Grandmother bangs the cane on the metal chair.
I park inside the cold metal chair, leaning my elbows over the colder metal desk.
The plasma shows a single brown colored cylinder. Spinning sideways inside the cylinder are tiny red round circles. The console holds one big round circle, green colored.
Grandmother hits the desk with her cane, smiling with her missing teeth. “Green for go! Red for stop! See the tunnel, the brown thing on the plasma. That is the earth soil, there. A tunnel goes, from, here Building 555, to there, inside the tunnel,” she bangs the floor with her cane and then points at the window towards the end of Playtus.
“Why?” I frown and stare at the cylinder with wonder-intrigued.
“Copper, an element of earth, not man-made like a DOB. Didn’t your mama teach ya that in metals class, honey?”
I nod. “Yes ma’am! My mama taught me. Copper is a reddish-orange mineral used for thousands of years, by many cultures. The element is both soft and malleable and is used, as a conductor of heat and electricity, a building material, and the making of e-pones.”
Grandmother mouth spits over her lips and the metal surface.
I quickly slide to the right away from her wetness.
She says. “The metal is blue and green colors, too, and closely related to gold, but not. Copper is essential to all living organisms for respiratory. That means breathing. We got the earth element in our liver, blood, and bones. The fish, birds, lizards, and snakes hold copper in their blood, too.”
“Whatever!” I frown and stare at the plasma, sliding into the middle of my chair.
Grandmother fingers the plasma. “The DOBs move the earth dirt then find the tiny orange copper minerals. When the screen is not moving, you press the big button. Green for go! Red for stop! The cylinder has stopped moving. Press the button!”
I tap the big green circle then the screen moves.
She smiles, nodding. “Green for go! Just remember that, honey! And, you be doing a fine job, here in Building 555. So, I don’t have to send ya’ll someplace else.”
I frown at her. “Someplace else? What, someplace else? How long do I do this job?” I view the empty metal desk, holding the long plasma screen and the big green button. “Where’s the red button for stop? Why does the equipment stop? What reason would the equipment halt? You said, red for stop and green for go.”
Grandmother nods, grinning. “Good. Ya got it. The someplace else is forever, since ya don’t have a family ID. You were rejected, like me, from Trig, since the boy didn’t want ya,” she laughs.
I feel dead-numbness.
She nods. “You can take a break for peeing and eating, anytime. You’re required to wo-man the desk from sunup to sundown, inside the control tower. The DOBs are programmed to stop working at night. Green for go! Red for stop,” she swings around, hobbling out the room.
I view the plasma.
The tiny circles are spinning.
I exhale then stand from the desk. I stroll towards the windows.
The bigger mounds of dirt, or flowers, or grass go on for miles and miles. The eyeballs can see for three miles straight from my upright stance, dead people on my right, my left, and then straight ahead.
I exhale and shake my curls then swing around.
The room is empty with blackness of walls and lightness of sunlight.
Then, I view the plasma.
The cylinder buzzes with activity.
I stroll out the door, spying for more information.
Grandmother hobbles on a cane a good distance ahead of the control room and Gloriette.
I pause in the archway of the control room.
Then, Grandmother disappears around the corner.
I follow.

2:14 pm
intersection hallway

I stand at the single intersection of the single hallway.
The other hallway is fresh meat, both consumable food and non-consumable bodies.
I feel nausea-vomit, again. The rest of my sleep space hallway is a mystery. I watch her hobble into the darkness of the corridor then slowly creep towards the end of an unlighted tunnel of more darkness.
She turns right into an open door with dull beams of light.
I slither passed a narrow enclosed stairwell, leading to the second floor. The DOB horse-and-carriage is gone, without looking out a window or door.
My mama had hand programmed both machines for its return. I watched, feeling impatiently-frustrated.
I exhale, viewing the steep stairs then swing towards the end of the hallway. The corridor is both dull and quiet, hearing.
Grandmother is softly talking inside the room to someone.
I halt then back step, watching for any quick movement.
Clear!
I exhale, tapping on my overly excited heart organ, shuffling towards the semi-dark room. Then, I stand beside the door frame, hiding my tallness, without looking. I exhale then peek around the frame.
The square room is very dark with bites of artificial lamplight over each slumped skull.
I narrow my eyelashes into the dark room for more much better eye viewing.
A tall wheelchair hugs the tray. Each tray is a body, an elderly withering gray headed female. The chairs line along each wall, going around the corner from my poor spying.
Grandmother is feeding one of the many females with a spoon of soft food then cleaning the mouth spit with a cloth.
I swing back into darkness, slumping to the floor. I view my hands, feeling depressed-sad.
My mama told me demon tales, when I was a little child in my bed at night about Building 555. A young girl would not marry her love mate from stubbornness and then became an old and frail woman. Her family ID would remove the young girl from the family home. Then, the old woman would live out, beyond the city street.
I exhale, viewing the floor, nodding.
The demon tale is true. The old and frail woman does not marry her love mate for a different reason.
I, just, saw the real wheelchairs of real elderly ladies, who were really the rejected young females from Trig, too, like me. They all were exiled to Building 555, too, like me.
The prime job of grandmother is to care for the old women, until their deaths. Then, it will be my job to care for the aging grandmother, until her death.
I exhale, shaking my curls, whispering. “No!” I stand and two step, paralleling the wall. I stroll into the middle of the empty hallway with dull lights. I nod, whispering for my eardrums, only. “I’m marrying Prewitt. I’m destroying Trig. Then, I’m living with him on the farm of Gambo, not here on Playtus with my family non-ID. The happy ending!”
I smile and pad into back into the control room. I feel determination-excited.

9:01 pm
2nd floor. sleep room

I step into beautiful silliness from the overhead artificial lamplights.
There are four different fabric colorful curtains, hanging from the ceiling against the black smooth metal, in each wall corner, detailing the pretty fabrics of paisley, linen, velveteen, and wool.
Custar stands, twirling to Gloriette. She touches the wool curtain, smiling. “Like our new abode.”
I nod, smiling. “It’s really clever and cute. Which one’s mine?” I walk from the archway into the middle of the big empty sleep room.
Sechar asks, moving towards Gloriette, smiles. “What new work job are you performing, Gloriette, here, in Building 555?”
I giggle, “Green for go! Red for stop.”
Custar giggles. “What!?”
I pad to Prewitt.
He lies on top of the blanket in the middle section of the flooring.
I say. “I monitor the underground mining of copper.”
Sechar nods. “Mama told me that copper was mined from the earth rock. I, just, never inquired where. Now, I know, too much,” she winks at Vrain. “Kiss me! Make it go all away,” she giggles.
Vrain cuddles and kisses Sechar.
Custar giggles, fingering the velveteen curtain. “Your royal pain in the fanny got the velveteen one. Sechar wanted the pretty beige linen for her and Vrain. I got the paisley, since I love the color royal blue and yellow. You got the dull brown wool one. But, it’s really thick. The non-married boys get the middle of the room, without girly drapes.”
I touch Prewitt’s forehead, then slightly shake his vertical body with my dirty hands. I smile down into his sweaty face. “Hey, babe! You’re sleeping on the job! I’m home from work, honey. We can do the town, tonight.” I view the window.
The sunset sets in the west.
Prewitt moans, flinging his hand over his wet face. “Hot. Tired. Rest.”
I frown, feeling his sweat molecules over my finger pads.
Custar squats near Prewitt, softly saying. “We want scouting, this afternoon.”
“What!?” I sneer-sour.
Sechar jerks Gloriette from Prewitt.
We pad into my cubby hole, hiding behind my new wool curtain. We sit cross-legged on the floor.
She nods. “We trolled Building 278, the tallest one in Playtus. We used one of the three funeral sleighs. Ya know, since, this be the Death-building.” She giggles.
I do not. “A funeral sleigh holds a dead body.” I frown with annoyance.
Sechar shakes her curls. “We didn’t retrieve any dead or alive body, darling. Building 278 is both unsecured and unlocked. We dressed in the floppy hats and long ankle-length dresses, like little old women. I opened the door then barged up the stairs onto the fifth level, without DOB guards.”
“There are no DOB guards on Playtus.” Custar frowns at Sechar.
“And, there are no males on Playtus, either,” grins Sechar at Custar.
I nod.
Sechar says. “I landed on the fifth floor. No problem! There are no DOBs, either.”
I frown. “That’s very strange for my neurons and my eardrums. Why are there no DOBs inside the Trig building? Trig is a machine, needing exchange machine parts and repairs, like any other machine.”
Custar shakes her curls. “That’s normal, Gloriette! DOBs don’t stand as a batch of protection guards. We don’t have thievery, here. There is no crime…”
“…only, no men! Has anyone ever solved that mystery?” I sour, viewing my dirty hands from Prewitt’s sweat.
Sechar nods. “My daddy died.”
Custar nods. “My father died, too, when I was a little girl.”
I frown, nodding. “All the men-folk in my family ID are dead, also. I found that all, very strange.”
Custar nods. “I have a working theory. My mama ran my daddy away from our home building. I do believe he lives free and happy in Gambo, too afraid, to come back, here. My mama is not a nice lady.”
I shake my curls. “Why are there no DOBs at Building 278, again? All machines need replacement parts. And, maybe, my real father is on Gambo, too. I hope so. That would be nice to learn, instead of the opposite.” I view the mounds of the dead bodies outside the second story window.
The red mounds surround the death building, thus the nickname.
Sechar waves her hand. “We implement our destruction plan, tomorrow night, as soon as possible. Then, Vrain and I will have a baby and live happily ever after, like in the fairy tale books, I read all the dang time, as a child. I’m tired of this hiding from my mama, who’s a great lady, ya’ll.”
I view the curtain. It wiggles then Ametheta scoots on her knees from behind the drapes. I sour at her pretty face. “Go away, Ameaniethere! This is a private work meeting for Playtusians, only. You’re leaving, or escaping, or getting out of here, anyways. Leave us be! We ain’t sharing our secrets, either.”
Sechar frowns at Ametheta. “How did you escape your dog chains?”
I laugh, looking at Ametheta. “Ya chained the new family pet to the bed!” I fist bump with Sechar then we giggle.
Sechar nods. “There’re iron chains on the walls for some strange reason. And, yes, I chained her to the wall.”
Ametheta raises the pretty red hairpin, matching her hair. “I’m a smart girl, not a stupid Playtusian. Unakite is different...”
“It be called, rejection, girlfriend. Unakite has finally come to his good senses about you, countless countess. Take my good wise advice! Go and sit in your wall fabric corner, until the rescue of your kin, or kind, or kindle! And, stay out of our other glossy colored hair roots, non-girlfriend.”
Ametheta sours with a frown. “Your hair roots are dirty. Sniff! Sniff! Ya’ll need a bath, all. But, Unakite’s sick. He’s both extremely wet sweaty and sizzling heated.”
Sechar frowns. “That’s Gambo poison for countesses. Let him alone!”
Ametheta shakes her curls. “No! He’s really presenting a true medical sickness. His body temperature has risen…”
Custar frowns, nodding. “You’re sweating, too, Ameaniethere. You and the Gambo boys aren’t acclimated to the heated weather conditions, here on Playtus. We were outside for almost five hours, scouting Building 278 in both hot heatness and hideous hats. I’m sweaty and tired, too. Our love mates will be fine, tomorrow, after a good rest.” She views and winks at Sechar. “Please, leave!”
Ametheta exhales and scoots from the curtain, pouting and saying. “I’m leaving. I’ll attend to Unakite. Since, I’m leaving, here, permanently.” She exits the curtain.
I frown. “How’s she leaving, here, permanently?”
Sechar sneers. “Who cares! As long as, she’s gone from here, permanently. To update you with our surroundings, there is a food room...”
“…for the dead bodies, too,” Custar giggles.
Sechar frowns. “There are no more bodies, here. No music. No smells. No sounds.”
Custar giggles, “No ghosts.”
Sechar frowns. “This place is dead.”
Custar says. “The D-building, my mama told me demon tales about the elderly females living here, too.”
Sechar frowns. “Stop it, Custar!” She taps her implant on the wall console.
The colored hologram of Building 278 appears.
Sechar says. “The structure composed of 445 floors in height, 5,810 steps towards the rooftop, since there’s not an elevator for lifting our boot heels.”
“That’s strange.” I frown at the hologram, shaking my curls.
“That’s normal!” Custar nods at the hologram, smiling.
Sechar fingers the hologram. “There’re not a set of outside steps for escaping a fire, either.”
“That’s strange.” I frown at the hologram, shaking my curls.
“That’s normal. There are no guard DOBs, ya’ll,” exhales Custar, viewing the hologram.
Sechar taps her implant on the wall console.
The hologram disappears.
I rudely yawn then cover my mouth. “Night, girlfriends!” I stand.
Custar and Sechar stand, yawning, too. Because, when a girl yawns, the girls follow suit.
They twist towards their curtains and away from Gloriette.
I whisper for my eardrums, only. “I have work, tomorrow morning, whether we destroy Trig or not.” I drop onto my homemade cot of softness, closing my eyelashes.



Day 28

8:01 pm
2nd floor. sleep room

I stomp up the second floor, stretching my arching neck and shoulders, after my working shift at the control tower. Grandmother didn’t bother me, too much, being too busy feeding and watering the wheelchair children.
I enter the archway then stop.
The bright moonlight beams bounce through the open curtains and windows, feeling the cool light breeze of the night air, scanning the flooring.
I view Prewitt upon his cot.
His eyelids are closed with both arms at his side, lacking any blanket or bed linen.
I slowly stroll closely to Prewitt.
He wears a red and flush tint upon his face and naked chest on his cot. The room is quiet.
I scan the curtains, saying. “What’s wrong, here?”
The curtain of the cubby hole is drawn open, when Sechar stands from the cot, marching to Gloriette. She stops, frowning with worry. “Vrain is sweaty in bucketfuls of water. I can’t keep his temperature down, below a raging fever. He’s both hot and heated and colored in bright red,” her wet cloth drips water from the bucket on her and the floor.
Custar shifts and then stands by Gloriette, nodding. “Dugway’s unconscious, too. He looks brightly red colored, just, like Vrain and Prewitt.”
I pad to Prewitt, squatting. I touch his face, arm, and chest.
He breathes steady, during his sleep mode coupled with his wet sweat.
I softly sweet breathe into his heated face. “Prewitt, please, wake up! We’re going to raid the Building 278, tonight. Then, we can be together. Prewitt, darling!”
Ametheta leans over Gloriette at the hair roots, saying. “Unakite is in the exact same condition. Ladies, I mentioned before, the males are both hot and heated, like they have some type of medical virus.” She nods, studying Prewitt, frowning with worry.
I hold Prewitt’s hand, feeling his heat then dunk my hands into the cold pail of water. I lift the wet cloth to his face.
The sleep room door sweeps open.
Grandmother stomps inside, when two males surround her plumpness. She frowns, fingering each teen. “Who…be…they? What they be doing here, inside Building 555, inside your room, Rejected? You ain’t allowed company, Rejected? Ever!” She views Gloriette with both hands on her hips.
Sechar curls around the curtain, standing. She parts her lips. “Who are the males? There’re no males on Playtus. Ever! I’ve never seen a live male on Playtus, ever.”
Grandmother stomps, frowning and fingering at Sechar, first. Her curtain is near the archway. “Show me your implant, belle?”
Ametheta sobs, curving her arms around her breasts. She shakes her curls, saying. “They kidnapped me. Help me! I…I am a Faywood belle from Building Two.”
I part my lips at Ametheta, standing and frowning with fury.
Ametheta waves both her arms and hands. She bounces up and down, fingering Gloriette, nodding and saying. “They’re trying to ransom me for millions.”
Grandmother stops then frowns at Ametheta with puzzlement, tilting her skull. “A million e-pones?”
Ametheta frowns with puzzlement, saying. “E-pones?”
I giggle, squatting and attending Prewitt. “Electronic components. An e-pone is one single electronic component. Yeah! Our ransom money demand is actually, only, about a few dozens.” I wipe the wet cloth over Prewitt’s heated body.
Grandmother sneers, studying the rear skull of Gloriette. “A dozen e-pones…”
“…used on sky ships engines,” I say and giggle at Ametheta’s silly banter and grandmother’s serious demeanor.
Grandmother nods, studying Ametheta, smiling and giggling. “Them be the great big e-pones worth millions and millions and millions...”
I wipe the cold wet cloth over Prewitt’s red face.
His eyes are closed. His palms are sweating.
I say and giggle at the silly countess. “Mademoiselle Gloriet..ta from Building Two. Right, sugar? She be famous, here, in Playtus. Right, darling!?”
Grandmother fingers Ametheta, nodding. “Keep her! We can ransom her back to the Faywood family ID for millions,” she narrows her eyelashes at Sechar.
Sechar squats beside Vrain for both love and protection.
Grandmother sneers at the rear skull of Sechar, too. “Who are you?”
I say, wiping the sweat from Prewitt. “They’re married, coming from Starrtus.”
Grandmother sneers at the rear skull of Sechar. “Why are you here, inside Building 555, hiding out, like rebel outlaws?”
I wipe his naked chest. “She lost the baby.”
Grandmother grins, tossing her arms. “Ah! Your mama tossed ya out of your home building for that one, honey. Them Playtus mamas do that, all the time, without mama pity feelings,” she nods, extending her palm to Sechar.
Sechar stands then shows her implant, sobbing with tears. She doesn’t mind lying, while worrying about her real husband, who’s really red and sick. She says. “I lost my baby, too. This is my husband. He’s not, feeling really well.”
Grandmother frowns, studying her implant, then the skin condition of Vrain. “Usually, when the baby dies, your triangle fades underneath your skin tone. When was the baby miscarried, a few days ago?”
Sechar stares and worries at Vrain. “Yesterday, I was very sick with vomiting and bleeding then extreme pain. Then, my mama tossed us into the street, like stray dogs.”
Grandmother views the implant, then Vrain, shaking her ponytail. “No dogs. No pets on Playtus. The toxics kill ‘em. Dead!”
The male nods, smiling, holds the shotgun into his chest. His gun and face both scans the room of strange teens. He says. “My farm has dogs. I love dogs.”
Ametheta nods, winking and flirting. She stands over an unconscious and heated Unakite. “A true Gambo man.”
Grandmother drops the arm of Sechar, swinging to Ametheta. She grins and winks at the male. “Ya’ll teens made a good choice among the Playtus belles. Her family ID is big, big status. So, we have an equal exchange. We keep her. Then, ya’ll can live here, in Building 555 with me, once we get the millions and millions and millions…,” she walks to the cot, studying Prewitt. She sours, shaking her ponytail. “He’s a grayie.”
I wipe Prewitt’s heated face, frowning. “What does that word imply?” I view her. “What? What’s a grayie?”
Grandmother touches his head. “What are his symptoms?”
Ametheta squats and touches Unakite’s head with the wet cloth, saying. “Dehydration. Fever. Vomiting with headaches. Dizziness and disorientation.”
Grandmother pokes her hands hard on Prewitt’s naked stomach. “His stomach’s raw.” She whips out a tiny instrument from her dress pocket then stabs his arm with a needle device. She withdraws the needle devise, checking the number measurement. “He’s got lots of low white blood cell count, too. He has radiation poisoning.”
I frown at grandmother. “Did he acquire the illness inside the sky ship on Starrtus?”
Grandmother studies the needle device. “Did he arrive, today?”
I part my lips.
She sours. “Tell girl! His life’s in critical danger as a grayie.”
I view Prewitt then her, softly saying and nodding. “We’ve all been on Playtus for two solar days and nights.”
Grandmother nods, pointing at the tall male, saying. “Monead and you belles, get going, now. Your beaus need medical treatment, immediately.”
Monead nods, back stepping into the cool hallway, tossing the gun over his shoulder. He watches and waits for the teen belles.
I stand, huddling around Grandmother, along with Ametheta, Custar, and Sechar. I frown, fingering Prewitt, say. “How long does the radiation poisoning take to surface upon his naked body? I understand that a single ounce dosage of radiation poison can and does change a person’s precious DNA strand inside their healthy cells into deadly cells.”
Grandmother fingers Prewitt, nodding and grinning at Gloriette. “You be a smart, Rejected. The symptoms really depend on how healthy the male is from the get-go. The radiation poison attacks the lining of the stomach. An infected male will vomit, getting both dehydration and dizziness. Disorientation is the last step, right before death.”
I view him, sobbing. “Prewitt!?”
“I see worse Rejected!” Grandmother nods, patting her collar bone.
Custar frowns, wiping the wet cloth over Dugway’s heated face. She smirks. “I heard tell that you can raise the dead from the mounds of dirt graves. Is that fairy tale really true?”
Grandmother nods and chuckles at Custar, “Sometimes.”
I frown at grandmother, nodding. “How’s that possible? It’s nice to know Prewitt has two chances at life.”
Grandmother chuckles, shifting around Gloriette towards Prewitt. “You’re a quick wit, Rejected. We dunk him into the decon-tub. The warm water distributes the soft elements throughout his body, allowing his natural immune to fight off the poison,” she grins and nods. “It is the eeriest thing, feeling a dead corpse and then seeing it spit water, while growling like a bear,” she laughs with the males.
I cringe with the mental thought.
Ametheta frowns with worry, asking. “What soft element is flowing throughout Unakite’s body? He can’t consume any food or water, much less any additional vitamins.”
Grandmother nods. “Iodine. I inject the element into his…”
Ametheta frowns, shaking her curls at Grandmother. “Iodine comes from fish. Fish live in the oceans. There are no bodies of water within the Playtus city limits.”
Grandmother narrows her eyelashes at Ametheta. “Yes, Faywood! You’re very correct and very smart. Iodine comes from fish and humans. Iodine is essential for proper thyroid function, the thyroid gland. You have to raid the grave mounds for stored iodine, within their thyroid gland in the neck,” she touches her neck, winking at Gloriette.
“They’re dead,” I gasp with shock, along with the other belles.
Grandmother pulls some tiny devices from her dress pockets, shaking her curls. “Naw, child. They’re stored there for purposes of the living, like me and you. We don’t embalm the dead body, just let the maggots eat it while rotting away. So, the iodine is still there, fresh and stored. I inject the iodine into his big vein in the neck. It nicely binds the radioactive particles inside his body, and then is not nicely excreted through his pee and feces. Don’t worry, thou!” she nods, grinning. “It’s very effective, a fast treatment of radioactive poison elimination. All the males receive it, even the dead ones. He revives, if I got ‘em, in time.” She hands out the object.
I accept it, studying the object.
A sharp long needle is attached to a slender enclosed holding container of smooth plastic.
Grandmother fingers the object. “Take this syringe and then violently stab it into the neck muscle. The instrument will seek and pull the cadaver’s stored iodine. Each beau needs about two dead bodies,” she views the male. “Go with them, Monead.”
Monead nods in silence.
She says. “He has a gun. He shoots a gun for our protection, not your protection. Understand me, Rejected?”
Monead nods, back stepping into the cool hallway, tossing the gun over his shoulder.
I stand, following behind Ametheta, Custar, and Sechar.
Grandmother wipes the sweat from Prewitt’s forehead.

9:04 pm
grave mounds
yellow moonlight. black night. white stars. 3 mph winds. cool. 59°F.

Monead quietly leads us down the stairs then towards the moonlight of the hallway. He silently stomps into the right archway, fingering a row of digging shovels. He grabs one.
I grab a shove, too. I follow behind Ametheta, tripping over the wet grass towards one of the red dirt mounds, holding a real dead body. I shiver then breathe, then squeeze the syringe between my sweaty fingers. I tote the heavy shovel with the other hand.
Sechar scans the mounds, looking like smooth bumps under the moonlight. “No grave markers.”
“Yeah,” nods Custar following behind, scanning the mounds, too.
“No grave stones.” Sechar says.
“Yeah,” nods Custar.
“No grave diggers.” Sechar says.
“Yeah,” nods Custar.
Sechar nods, narrowing her eyelashes by the moonlight. “We live by the Playtus way…”
“…and die by the Playtus way,” Monead chuckles, stopping at the red mound. He digs the shovel into the red dirt, scooping up the hard soil. He flings the load to his right then repeats.
I bounce into Ametheta’s fanny, on purpose, saying into her hair stands. “Ya stole my ID.”
“I saved your fat fanny, Ametheta,” the real Ametheta swings around to Gloriette, grinning and sweet breathing into her sour pussy face.
I sour with bad breathe into her pretty face. “My fanny’s skinny compared to your heifer rump, darling.”
 Ametheta nods, not smiling. “You saved my man.”
I frown, exhaling. “I thought you didn’t want Unakite.”
Monead parks near the red mound, slamming the shovel tip into the dirt.
Ametheta views the archway from Building 555, stopping at the next mound beside Monead, where she exited for her nightly work. “Unakite grew on me, literally. And, he’s my exit door out of here, from Building 555, on dull Playtus.”
Sechar pants, digging into the grave mound on the other side of Monead. “She’s right. Get to work, Gloriette!”
I stop at the individual mound beside Ametheta, stabbing the dirt, grunting. “Shut it, Sechar!”
Ametheta digs, giggling and grinning. “He doesn’t belong here, on the city, or on a female of Playtus, either. He’ll get bored then leave, after he has fully recovered from his aliment.”
“The implant was modified for you by…,” I shake my curls, digging. “Wait! Ya don’t possess an implant, like me, and, Sechar, and Custar. Unakite doesn’t have to pair with you Ameaniethere.” I giggle then pant from digging with the heavy shovel. I toss the dirt to the side then stab something soft. I gag, turning my head to the nicely manicured grass under my feet and highlighted by the moonlight.
“He desires, wants, needs,” Ametheta giggles then grunts with the full shovel. She stabs the soft object, exhaling.
I grunt, spreading the dirt with the shovel. “He can pair with any other girl on Playtus. As long as, the implant is compatible. Remember, we’re still under Trig control, darling.” I gag, seeing the dead body of an elderly grandmother.
Custar sneers then grunts with a half-full shovel load of dirt. “Because, the cowboy didn’t know any better. When he’s fully conscious, I’m educating him, personal,” she grunts, tossing the dirt to the side. She stabs the soft object, pausing.
Ametheta squats, scattering the dirt with her hands, starting at the elderly dead grandmother. “You can have him.”
I stare at the dead body, saying. “He was made compatible for you. Why did he bring her along?”
Custar scatters the dirt, staring at the dead body full of maggots. “He likes her. She likes him.”
Sechar squats, staring at the objects, gagging. “This dead body is too maggie for me. Dig up another one!”
I finger another mound, nodding. “Wait! I know where the fresher ones are located.”
Custar giggles, moving from the open dirt mound of the dead grandmother. “A fresher dead body! That’s an oxymoron, Gloriette!”
I giggle, walking towards the tree line, fingering the naked mound, not covered in grass or flowers. “Like Ameaniethere, a fresher dead moron. I’ve been gone from Playtus for a week. This one has been dead for eight days.”
We dig, quickly and quietly.
Ametheta spreads the dirt, seeing more dirt. She shakes her curls. “Fresh and empty. Ya need eyeglasses, Rejected,” she giggles at Gloriette.
“Naw!” I shake my curls then walk to Ametheta. I stand over the hole, closing my eyelashes. I remember then open them, fingering the mound grave. “Naw, I’m right. This is a recent grave site of Valmy’s poor deceased husband.”
Monead laughs then fingers the grave. He stops laughing then leans over the dirt grave. “Hmm, that was my personal dirt mound.”
I part my lips, viewing the mound, then him. “What?”
Monead scans the dirt then kicks it with his boot toe. “I’m Valmy’s dead husband.”
“Naw.” I frown, staring at him.
The belles gasp with shock.
“Yep.” He nods, smiling at Gloriette.
“No.”
“Yes.”
I frown. “Prove it!”
He views the moon then smiles at Gloriette. “Valmy’s family theme color is baby blue. Her building number is sixteen. We delivered a baby girl on Starrtus. My daughter has blonde hair.” He shows his arm.
I view a triangle with baby blue letters A and B. I frown with puzzlement. “Why’s the triangle showing upon your flesh?”
Monead views the dirt, holding no dead cadaver. “I understand the triangle fades, after five days. I guess, when I was newly iodized with the human chemical, the triangle reappeared.”
“Are you angry-mad?” I frown, staring at him.
He smiles, shaking his skull. “Why should I be angry-mad? I got sick from the city, not Valmy.”
I frown. “The city!?”
He views and fingers the buildings in the distance. “The city’s contaminated with toxins in the soil, air, water. That’s the reason, why males die and women live out their healthy lives until death,” he views the mounds of dead.
“How?” I view him, frowning.
Monead views Gloriette. “Think of it, being a bubble bath, then you don’t rinse. You stand, walking around with the wet bubbles that you created. Then, you bath, again, using more bubbles. The male bath in pure water and then bath in the bubble bath, when the bubbles stick, they absorb into the skin. The male cannot discharge the bubbles, or absorb the bubbles, so they get sick from the bubbles and die.”
“Dang!” I whisper, shaking my curls then view Custar.
Custar frowns, asking. “You are okay, now?”
Monead views the bright shiny moon, then Custar, nodding. “Only for a certain amount of time, thou, I must leave Playtus, immediately. Or, I’ll contact some more of the bubbles and get sick, again.”
“Leave, when?” I frown.
“Leave, how?” Sechar frowns at him.
He fingers the stars, viewing Gloriette. “A sky ship arrives, every month, carting off the cold e-pone parts plus the hot males, who are revived by the grandmother in Building 555. Both objects leave Playtus for my home back on Gambo.”
I frown, shaking my curls, slapping the shovel into the dirt. “And, you are to never marry, again?”
Monead nods, grinning. “I’ll remarry. I’m official dead on Playtus. I’ll file a divorce from Valmy on Gambo.”
I sour, shaking my curls. “Your implant won’t allow you to remarry.”
Monead nods. “The implant is deactivated, after five days of marriage. Trig doesn’t control my life, anymore. I can marry any girl on the planet, now,” he smiles.
I frown, shaking my curls. “You’ll carry on, without your blood-child.”
He views the grave, then the moon. “I have been given a forced choice, dying or living,” he views Gloriette. “What do you think, belle?” He exhales, nodding. “I made my own choice, live and living,” he squat at the dug mound, stabbing the devise into the neck of the elderly grandmother. 
I ask, viewing the dirt. “Do you feel guilty, robbing iodine from your friends of Gambo, the other dead husbands?”
Monead jerks the devise from the neck, filling the syringe, stands. “My understanding, the iodine is collected mostly from dead grandmothers, whose turn it was to pass from here, the freshly deceased.”
I hold the devise, staring at the dead body. I gag then suck the mouth spit back into my lips.
Ametheta snatches the devise from Gloriette. She knees and stabs the neck of the elderly woman, not gagging. She says. “I do this for Unakite, not you, Rejected.”
I view Monead, digging into a second mound, pitching the dirt.
Ametheta pulls the devise backwards collecting the iodine, without gagging.
I watch both Custar and Sechar, gathering the needle devises of iodine for their loving husbands.

10:01 pm. Building 555

I follow last in line into the building.
Monead leads us into the control room then stops. He opens a side door, revealing darkness.
I smell the moist fresh dirt then see numerous lanterns of artificial lighting.
Five hospital metal beds line the dirt wall, naked with metal and three bodies.
I enter through the metal archway.
Monead blocks Gloriette from entering, thumbing the beds, says. “You are not married to any one these sick men. You cannot be in there. Please, wait, inside the control room. Grandmother will be available in about an hour.”
I part my lips, back stepping from his tallness into the control room.
Monead slides the flush door back into the metal.
I stand, frowning with worry.

11:01 pm. control room

I sit at the desk, punching the green belt to restart the robots, inside the working tunnel for gathering the earth mineral copper.
The sliding door opens.
I stand, waiting the rolling tables of bodies, watching Dugway, Unakite, and then Prewitt. I dash from the rolling chair as it hits the wall. I trot beside Prewitt, holding his hand.
He is unconscious, looking pink and sweaty, a healthy boy.
The unknown male, another saved ex-dead husband stops the table in the hallway then lifts and carries Prewitt over his shoulders. He stomps the stairs into our shared bedroom suite, lying Prewitt on his make-shift bed.
I kneel at his side, drawing the blanket to his waist, exposing his naked chest. I hold his hand, worrying.
Grandmother invades the room, huffing. She stares at Gloriette. “Get back to work, Rejected! The DOBs gotta keep going, during the day, before a bad shortage of copper element for the construction of the Playtus raw e-pone components. The males are fine, going to leave here, tomorrow, with the return of the sky-star.”
I frown, viewing grandmother then drop my mouth to speak.
Grandmother thumbs the hallway, ordering. “Work, Rejected! That fellow ain’t your husband. Now, girl!”
I exhaling, viewing his hand then his face, sobbing.
Prewitt sleeps soundly from the injected iodine.
I slowly stand then view the other closed curtains, where the married couples are staying. I view Grandmother, thumbing the curtain of Unakite. I say. “Am…I mean Faywood isn’t married to Unakite, either. She should be put to work, too…”
Grandmother nods, grinning. “She was kidnapped. Her triangle ain’t surfaced. But, you are rejected. You belong, here. Get to work, Rejected,” she spins around, exiting the sleep room.
I exhale, laying Prewitt’s hand over his naked chest then kiss his forehead, tenderly. Then, I exit my room for work.



Day 29

8:01 pm
2nd floor. sleep room

I stomp into my sleep room from working my day job with my annoying supervisor Grandmother.
All the curtains are closed, except, Prewitt is missing from his personal cot.
I dash to cot, sliding on knees, scattering the bed linens and blankets.
No note. No bandages. No blood. No clothes.
The alto voice of Sechar says, inside the archway. “Everyone is gone, Gloriette. We’ve loaded into two funeral sleighs for Building 278, now, tonight. We’re going to hit and blow Trig, now, tonight, stopping this nonsense on Playtus.”
I stand, nodding.
Sechar advances, streaming wet tears down her face and waving her hands. She exhales, saying. “I’m scared for all of us with this vital life-saving purpose, destroying Trig. But, I’m ready to do my part.
I view the floor then view her, nodding.
Sechar says. “You’re a natural leader Gloriette, possessing some much confidence and bravery.”
I nod
She says. “I…I will follow you, anywhere. I…”
I nod and smile.
She says. “I want to end Trig. I want all the future girls to have freedom of love, a choice of love, not a machine.”
I smile, tapping her collar bone.
She nods. “So, please, lead Playtus into a happier place. I’m not letting you lose your chance of happiness, Gloriette, either.”
I nod with confusion, grinning. “Thanks! I’ll try to find my happiness.”
Sechar lifts her arm then rams the syringe deeply into Gloriette on the collar bone.
I gasp then back step, tumbling into Prewitt’s cot. I fall down on the tile, staring at her boot toes. Then, I hear.
Sechar sobs and shouts. “Wish us luck, Gloriette!”
Her boots back step then point her boot toes towards the open door archway.
I close my eyelashes into darkness.



Day 30

8:02 am
2nd floor. sleep room

I sit up on my elbows inside Prewitt’s cot, staring at the dull colored curtain then hear.
The voice of Custar says behind the curtain. “We were disguised, like a set if funeral bots, standing among the dark shadows. The darkness hid our human features from any naked eyes. The plot was planned very well, except…”
I struggle to stand, making grunting noises then swing off the cot. I tumble into the curtain, holding my head, feeling dizzy.
Prewitt dashes to her. “Gloriette, honey! Are you okay? You look pale and sick. You should lie down for the rest of the morning, until Grandmother can heal ya, later.”
“I…” am confused, cuddling into Prewitt’s chest. He wears that hot wool jacket over his body, making my sweat from the coldness of the room.
Custar frowns, standing and approaching Gloriette. She shakes her curls then sours. “Trig wasn’t located in Building 278, only DOBs. Lots of DOBs…”
“…in parts,” nods Dugway, standing.
“…in pieces,” nods Unakite, standing.
“…in full fighting form,” nods Custar.
I view an assortment of red and bloody bandages.
The cloth bandages are entwined around their different body parts on Unakite, Prewitt, Dugway, Custar, not Ametheta. Since, she was chained to the wall for fear of escaping or tattling on the party raid of Building 278.
Custar nods. “Building 278 is a testing center for DOBs, not Trig. We were attacked, right after stepping off the top level of the elevator. We scurried through a set of different exit doors then slid down a set of different exit steps, almost all safely into the dark night. That place doesn’t hold the machine,” she sneers.
I frown, saying softly. “Where’s Trig?” I view the faces.
The same set of sad blinking eyelashes and eyelids are paired with red colored pupils.
Then, I scan the room, frowning with confusion. “Where’s Sechar?”
Grandmother stands in the archway, frowning with worry. She shakes her curls. “She died in childbirth.”
I frown, viewing the floor, then Grandmother. “She died in childbirth. Ah naw!”
Custar nods, saying. “Sechar was attacked, first. She died in my arms, last night. Grandmother has personally told her family ID that white lie fabrication for Sechar’s belle honor. Her funeral’s within the hour.”
I nod, sobbing into Prewitt’s jacket.

9:03 am graveyard

I, along with my friends, line the darkness of the hallway, wearing the silly metal hats and steel aprons around our human parts. From a distance, we appear a row of metallic and robotic to the human eye.
The funeral-bots had dug a fresh hole into the soil then dumped the dead body of Sechar. They re-covered the hole, quietly and quietly.
I watch Sechar’s family sob with lowered skulls. Her mama touches the fresh mound of dirt, squatting in her pretty royal purple dress, the family theme color.
I feel eternal-sadness.
I’m still alive with hope for a happy future.
Sechar and her truly matched and married soul mate Vrain are both dead in heaven, enjoying their new life, together.
I learned, too, that Vrain didn’t survive the poisonous toxins or the injection treatment of the iodine. Grandmother says, sometimes, it doesn’t work on every male, who becomes affected.
Sechar leaves her family members to suffer and troll into a lower status of moaning and mourning, like my biological family, not producing an heir for their family ID on Playtus.
Custar holds Dugway’s hand.
Prewitt squeezes my hand. Monead stands beside me, watching the women.
Valmy hugs her infant baby.
I view Monead’s pinched face. I stomp my foot, grabbing Monead’s hand. I feel happy-thrilled.
He easily holds my hand, watching his legally married wife and biological baby daughter. Then, Valmy’s other family members leave in another DOB horse-and-carriage.
Valmy stands, alone, over Sechar’s grave, sobbing with tears.
I release Prewitt’s hand, marching forward from the archway. I move towards Valmy, quickly dragging along Monead for the brief scary solo encounter.
Monead doesn’t hesitate in boot steps, but in voice. “What…what are you…we doing, Gloriette?”
I sneer-sour. “You must say good-bye to your baby daughter, before you board that ship, the last time. It returns, tonight, for your escape from Playtus. And, please, take Ameaniethere, too!”
I clink in the metal armor in my shoes, hands, chest, and skull then stop behind Valmy.
She wears a pretty party dress of blue baby.
Monead moans with sadness.
Valmy slowly turns around, smiling at the shadow. Then, she recognizes the robot-like funeral thingy, souring her face. She nods, cuddling her baby and walking around the two robots. She stumbles in her heeled sandals through the short manicured grass towards her single DOB horse-and-carriage from her blurred tears.
I jerk Monead’s hand towards her.
He hesitates.
I slowly walk forward, extending his arm. Then, I jerk Monead towards the side of the step ladder.
Valmy hands him the baby, thinking him, just, another funeral DOB. She raises her ankle-length formal dress to her kneecaps, entering the high carriage.
Monead holds the child, giggling and grinning at the pink bundle of joy.
I pad beside Monead then gently grab the baby and shove his shoulder towards the step ladder.
He climbs up then stands at the archway of the carriage then sits on the long bench opposite of Valmy.
I climb the steps and move towards the other long bench inside her fine horse-and-carriage, sitting beside Monead. I punch his arm.
He closes the carriage door then wiggles side to side in both anxiousness and fear.
Valmy is very sad, viewing the floor.
I say. “Valmy, I don’t really know you, that well. But, I’m Gloriette.”
Valmy views Gloriette, frowning and shaking her pretty baby blue bonnet. “You’re a rejected. I’m not supposed to communicate with you, ever. I’m not to use your proper name, either. You must leave my carriage, Rejected,” she fingers the closed door.
I exhale, shaking my metal hat. “Well, yeah! I’m a Rejected! But, I’m here for you to communicate with him, not me.”
Monead removes the metal hat, grinning.
Valmy blinks her eyelashes, sobbing in fright and surprise. She parts her lips. “You…dead. You…sick. You…carried…funeral sleigh and then you...”
Monead nods, smiling. “I was dead. But, I was revived by the mineral iodine. The elderly lady in Building 555 saved me,” he extends his hands in affection and love to his wife.
I bounce the baby in my arms, saying. “There isn’t time here, Valmy. The men-folk pass out from the chemicals in our dirty atmosphere, from building e-pones, not a virus, or a disease. Then, the old lady in Building 555 revives them from the dead graves, here in the graveyard. Then, she sends them back home to Gambo, their home of open lands and crop farms. This is very simple determination, Valmy. Do you want to go live with your wedded husband Monead? Or, live here, on Playtus, with your witchy mama, your wicked grandmother, and bed wetting great grandmother for the rest of your healthy days? Yeah! My great grandmother pees in her bed, too.” I giggle, smiling at the cute sleeping baby.
Valmy sobs, then smiles, then views the floor. “I…”
I view her, saying with authority. “The choice is too cotton-picking easy. Pick Monead! Leave Mama! Be happy, as a married couple with your baby girl, foreverly, on Gambo, Valmy!”
Valmy leans into his body, hugging Monead, kissing with her wet nose and lips. She pulls back, frowning, “How do?”
I nod, grinning. “There’s a sky ship, coming from Starrtus, tonight. Ya’ll be on that ship, tonight. The ship leaves Playtus. The end for happy ya’ll.” I smile-sneer, feeling jealousy. I wish my own personal life force, so easy and clear.
Valmy nods, hugging Monead.
I say, nodding. “Ya hang out inside the lobby of your building. Tell your mama, the baby’s fussy and crying. The night air will calm her crying fit. Then, you and the baby’ll be collected from the lobby, tonight, around midnight. The funeral…”
“Funeral,” she sneers.
I nod, grinning with mischief. “The funeral sleigh will pick you and baby from your home then whisk you away to Building 555. You and Monead will leave and never return to Playtus. The happier ending.” I smile and rock the baby.
Valmy nods, smiling. “Yes! I wanna be with you, Monead. I wanna live on Gambo with you, Monead. Look our little girl, Monead. She’s so beautiful like…”
“…you,” smiles Monead, kissing her face.
I sneer-smile, viewing the bright sun out the window, and then the closed door. “Monead, we gotta go, boy!” I nod to her. “See ya’ll, later, Valmy! And, be ready! Good luck to all of us, tonight.”
Valmy takes the baby from Gloriette. “Thank you so much, Gloriette.” She views the baby, then Gloriette. “I’m so sorry.”
I nod, exiting into the sunlight. “Don’t be! I have happiness plans, too.” I stand on the dirt, slamming the door.
The DOB horse-and-carriage rises from the pavement then hovers over the road, slowly flying back to Valmy’s home building.
Monead and I walk back into the funeral entrance opening.
Prewitt hugs Gloriette, whispering. “You’re a great girl and are going to be a great wife to me.”
I hug him, smiling.
Grandmother sneers behind Gloriette and Prewitt. “Someone needs to monitor the control room.”
Prewitt cuddles Gloriette, saying. “We’ll do it.”
I frown. “I still have that unpleasant task to do.”
Grandmother sneers, turning towards the sunny entrance doors of dark cold Building 555 away from the young teens, saying. “We all still have unpleasant tasks to do.”

11:23 am. control room

I sit inside Prewitt’s lap, giggling. He sits inside a big oversized lounge chair while we tickle each other’s body parts. When the movement inside the cavern stops then we take turns slapping the green button for go.
Prewitt tries to tickle Gloriette under her armpit.
I duck-flap my arms out and in for fun.
Then, we hear loud screams of soprano music.
Prewitt stands and hugs Gloriette.
We run from the control room into the lighted hallway.
A line of young females marches behind Grandmother from the entrance glass door then turn down the corridor near the food room.
I view Prewitt.
He frowns, seeing the girls. He holds Gloriette by the hand, strutting towards the hallway corridor to investigate.
I thumb behind my collar bone, saying. “We’re supposed to monitor the control room.”
Prewitt frowns and sours. “And, Grandmother said that she still have some unpleasant tasks to do. Why are those girls, here?”
“Don’t know.” I stroll with Prewitt down the hallway.
He views the empty hallway, frowning with worry. “Then, you and I both need to know. I don’t like the way your leaders of Playtus treat young children. Who are your leaders?”
I view the flooring and walking with Prewitt. I shrug, saying. “I really don’t know, if we have any type of leaders, here, on Playtus. Each building is responsible for preparing the raw copper components into framed e-pones for both machines and equipment. We all do our jobs then enjoy our family…”
“Family ID units,” he snorts then sours. “You don’t even us the warm word family. Why are those girls, here?”
I stare at the plain clean walls, pondering, too.

Image generator room

Prewitt turns to the right then advances to the second open door on the right, stopping and standing in the archway.
I hug his jacket.
The young females sit cross legged on the floor, along the wall.
Grandmother whispers a set of secret words into each one of their frightened faces. Then, she stands and swings to face Gloriette and Prewitt.
I frown at Grandmother then scan the wall of females. I whisper. “Yeillie!?” I scoot to her then squat.
She is the first young girl in the line, sitting cross legged and staring at the flooring. She leans against the wall beside another younger child of pre-teen years. The line of females appears nine to twelve years old of age.
I exhale, whispering into her distorted face. “Yeillie, what are you doing here?”
Yeillie smiles then sours. She turns her face from Gloriette then views the cloth pouch between her hands. “I’m not supposed to talk with you, Rejected.”
I exhale, nodding. “I know that. You know that. But, why are you here inside the D-building?”
Yeillie views her hands, playing with the cloth bag. “I’m not supposed to talk about this, either, to no one. Please, leave me alone, Rejected.”
I gasp, when I hear.
“Gloriette…”
I turn and see.
Luqx smiles and waves at Gloriette, sitting cross legged along the wall, too. “Gloriette, come over here!”
I slide from Yeillie then scoot across the floor to Luqx.
She nods, waving her arms with excitement, says. “I’m not supposed to talk to you, either, per my mama. But, my family ID ain’t here, either,” she giggles and nods.
I cringe, hearing that non-descript and non-loving name.
She nods. “Gloriette, I mean Rejected. I’m not supposed to use or say your name. Whatever! My mama has gone plum crazy. You failed at Trig. She’s afraid that I’ll fail at Trig, too. She gave me some e-pones inside this bag and then dropped me off at the entrance of Building 555. I’m supposed to pay and compete in something for my freedom from something on Playtus.”
I view my boot toes, shaking my curls then view her. I whisper into her grinning face. “I don’t understand. What are you doing here, inside Building 555, Luqx? It is not safe, here...”
“I’m here to see my soul mate,” she grins and giggles, nodding, nervous playing with the cloth bag.
I exhale, shaking my curls, viewing her with puzzlement and craziness. “Your soul mate isn’t here, in the D-building, Luqx. Who brought you here, leaving you with the other young girls?”
“My great grandmother did. My mama gave me a bag of e-pones for me to see my soul mate. I hope to see and spend the rest of my life with my soul mate and away from my mama, my building, and Playtus. I feel both sad and happy,” she views fuddling hands and the bag.
I nod. “I know the feeling.”
Grandmother smiles with her missing teeth, shouting. She stands beside a shiny machine, saying. “The chemistry of love. The spark of passion. The fire of lust. The machine is your soul mate.”
The machine is sleek rich black color like a horizontal shaped cylinder with two hatch entrances on each end, showing a parted seam of dull light.
Custar and Dugway emerge inside the doorway, staring at the girls then enters. They scoot into an empty wall, squatting.
Then, Unakite and Ametheta appear and squat beside them.
I slide from Luqx and sit between Ametheta and Prewitt on the same wall.
We all watch.
Grandmother gently pats the machine, viewing the girls. “This is the image generator in black satin metal. The IG is a communication devise, sorta, like a mini-Trig, without the implant fire,” she giggles. “The IG uses the same technology as Trig, which comes from the city of Starrtus,” she turns to view Ametheta.
I lean over then frown at Ametheta, too.
Ametheta views the floor, staring at her dirty hands.
Grandmother touches her clean crispy new T-shirt, like it has come from the merchandise store in Building 302 in a bright color of violet spring flowers.
I suspect, that grandmother had slipped it from one of the other dead grandmother’s wardrobe.
Grandmother says, viewing the ceiling then the girls. “The body holds parts of water and chemicals of zinc, lead, potassium, and others which are made up from the earth’s chemicals of sulfur, iron ore, limestone, and others.” She fingers her wrist with the faded triangle. “Your implant measures and stores your chemical makeup of your life form and then compares it to the chemical makeup of a male’s life form on Gambo. Pronto! A soul match.”
Amtheta whispers, viewing the object, frowns. “IG is a match-maker machine.”
I sneer. “Shut up, Ameaniethere!”
Grandmother views the girls, nodding and smiling. “For eons, scientists have known a human’s chemical makeup is necessary to conceive a baby between two soul mates. Trig reads the chemical composite chart between a female and male and then they’re matched, perfectly.”
Ametheta exhales, shaking her curls, “…by a machine, again. When will ya’ll learn?”
I sneer. “Shut up, Ameaniethere!”
Grandmother says. “All the matched soul mates are hundred percent happy and married on Gambo, not here on Playtus.”
The girls nod and smile.
I stand, shouting. “That’s all about to change girls. You all should go back home to your buildings and mamas and watch and wait…”
Yeillie fingers Gloriette, yelling. “My mama says, you can’t stop Trig. You’re rejected. You can’t change your status in Trig, either, just like you can’t stop me, Rejected. This is the point of Trig. Grandmother’s right. Trig selects your perfect soul mate.”
“I…” am fighting to defeat Trig.
Grandmother yells and fingers Gloriette. “Rejected! You’re Rejected. Sit down or leave, Rejected?”
I sit and cuddle into Prewitt’s arms.
Grandmother smiles and says to the young girls. “Your sweaty wet minerals from your body give off lighted tiny bites of energy inside the machine and then the blasted energy molecules reach your embedded implant. Your implant activates a silent signal to your truly selected soul mate on Gambo, without the pain of triangle and death of Trig.”
The girls gasp, nodding and smiling.
Yeillie stands, waving her arm. “I’m ready, Grandmother. I wanna go, first. I have e-pones from my mama, here, inside this cloth bag,” she raises the bag, smiling.
Grandmother frowns. “In a moment, child, I’ve to finish my speech,” she clears her throat. “I must careful caution each one of you…”
Custar stands and jabs her finger at Grandmother, viewing the young girls. “And, all the girls pay you, e-pones for this…”
Grandmother stomps to Custar, grabbing her arm, twisting Custar out of the IG-room.
I follow, along with Prewitt, Dugway, Unakite, and Ametheta.
Grandmother sneers at Custar. “Hush, you nosy and interfering, belles and beaus! This is the only way a sweet innocent belle can leave off out of Playtus, without dying in Trig. However, sometimes, the girl doesn’t wake up inside the IG.”
Prewitt cuddles Gloriette then winks at Dugway, chuckling. “Ugh, dead! If ya don’t die, if you do...”
I slam his chest, frowning. “Hush, Prewitt!”
Prewitt winks at Dugway, chuckling. “Think about it, ya fight in Trig. Or, ya fight in Image,” he hugs Gloriette, chuckling.
Custar shakes her curls, fingering inside the IG room. “What really is this black machine, Grandmother? I might be a young teen, but I’m never heard of finding your soul mate, before every entering Trig,” she nods.
Grandmother nods. “The machine really is an image generator and can really reveal your true soul mate. I, only, use it on the children…”
“How do you, only, use it on the children?” Custar frowns, “These girls are children and pre-teens. They shouldn’t even know about a potential soul mate on Gambo.”
Grandmother thumbs the machine behind her collar bone, nodding and smiling. “The image generator does. We locate the soul mate, before the implant is trigger by the computer. Then, the young precious child-girls don’t have to endure Trig, ever.”
I slap my forehead, frowning. “Before! Before! Before, the implant is triggered. Of course, so simply a procedure, the child has been paired with her soul mate and then lives happily after ever.” I sob with both happiness and disappointment. I wished I had known about this, the machine, this grandmother, and this Building 555, too.
Grandmother says. “Then, the child is whisked off Playtus to Starrtus or Gambo. The child lives with her betrothed soul mate and his biological family, until they are old and merry, happily. The end!” she nods and grins.
I raise my implanted arm. “Hold up! I didn’t know about this machine, ever.”
Custar exhales, nodding. “And, this is a great mystery to me, too, Gloriette.”
Grandmother winks at Gloriette, grinning with her missing teeth. “Well, ya’ll, one day, should talk to your mama about that particular deadly subject and sending your buttholes to Trig, there now, I’m done.” She giggles.
I view the object inside the IG room. “Can anyone use that contraption, in there?”
She nods, grinning. “For a price, since, it be only for kids from the ages of twelve years and down, Trig is searched and tagged biologically pairing the couple directly inside the machine.  You dream about your soul mate, inside the IG machine, from your implant then see a real face with eyeballs, nose, and mouth. The contraption triggers the beau’s implant, too, then Gambo sends a sky ship for the pre-engaged beautiful belle.”
I bounce on my toes and clap, smiling. “I want to use the image generator.”
Prewitt frowns, pulling away then sneers at Gloriette. “What!? What does that mean, belle?”
I slap his chest, hitting his jacket. “Why do you wear that torn and smelly old jacket? It’s hot inside this room. And, I wanna it do the IG for some fun. It’s boring, here, waiting for…”
“Gloriette!” Custar frowns at her.
I smile and giggle. “It’ll be fun and adventurous.”
Grandmother grins with her missing teeth, nodding at Gloriette. “Pay me in e-pones.”
I frown, gasping. “I have to pay you for use of the image generator, finding out that Prewitt is my true soul mate.”
Grandmother nods, smiling. “The belle with the highest e-pones gets to go, first.”
“What!?” I frown, parking both hands on my hips and dropping my mouth.
Ametheta fingers Prewitt, grinning and giggling. “And, Prewitt gets to uses it for free, without payment of an e-pone,” she nods.
Unakite hugs Ametheta, chuckling, says. “She’s quick. That’s why I love her, so. Right, Mademoiselle Gloriette?”
I frown. “Hush, Unakite.”
Grandmother nods, smiling at Unakite. “A true Gambo man, the image generator is free for all males.”
Ametheta smirks, fingering Gloriette. “Pox was her true soul mate, once upon a time, during Trig. Right, Rejected?”
Unakite shakes his curls, grinning and cuddling Ametheta. “Naw, she lies. That’s why I love her, a lot. She lies, so much, that I only know the truth,” he hugs her, chuckling.
I sour and stare at Unakite. “Ya’ll don’t belong together, Unakite. She’s mean. You’re nice. She’s salt. You’re sugar. And, she is Starrtus. And, you are Gambo. She’s a royal. You be a redneck. Give her up, Unakite, before you get really hurt,”
Unakite back steps from Gloriette, walking away, without Ametheta.
Custar snarls at Gloriette. “Why do you hurt his feelings, Gloriette?”
I hiss at Custar then sneer. “She saved his life. She helped us. She…”
“...is Starrtus. She leaves on the new sky ship, tonight,” I nod then view Grandmother, saying. “I wanna do the IG, now!” I turn to Custar, ordering. “Gimme some of the e-pones from your backpack! I know you carry them around for some dang reason, like luck or loss.”
Custar frowns, dumping her hand into the backpack then withdraws one single golden shiny e-pone. She hands to Gloriette.
I grin and raise the e-pone for show, giggling.
Grandmother extends her palm.
I lay the single e-pone into her hand, giggling and grinning.
Grandmother nods then swings into the IG-room away from the teens.
Dugway fingers Grandmother in the hallway, nodding and saying. “I understand, completely. The old bag of bones exhorts e-pones from the kids then gives them to Starrtus, in exchange for transportation to Gambo. What a freaking scam?”
Amtheta nods, smiling. “What good commerce? How else would young girls get off the pious Ploytus?”
“Playtus.” I grin.
“For free,” says Grandmother.
“For flight,” Ametheta nods.
I sneer at Ametheta. “You’re being ransomed for e-pones. Remember, Mademoiselle Gloriet…ta...ta?”
Custar frowns, viewing the girls, then the machine, and finally Ametheta. “Don’t cause us trouble, here, Ameaniethere.”
Ametheta crosses her arms, flipping her hair, says. “Sorry. Everyone cons, everyone, here on Ploytus.”
“Playtus,” I shake my curls, walking into the IG-room. I stand against the wall, along with Prewitt, Custar, Dugway, and Ametheta.
Grandmother fingers Gloriette, smiling and saying. “She has paid me, her e-pones. You are required to pay me, for your soul mate image in e-pones,” she fingers Yeillie. “You, how much inside your bag?”
Yeillie stands, nodding, extending her cloth bag. “Told ya, I possess one hundred e-pones.”
“Fifty e-pones,” the next girl says, sitting along the wall, cross legged.
“Twenty e-pones.”
“Forty e-pones.”
“Ninety e-pones.”
“Ten e-pones.”
Grandmother nods. “Very good!” She fingers Gloriette. “You and her fight, the winning winner uses the image maker inside the IG.”
I gasp, tossing my arms, shaking my curls. “I decline.”
Grandmother aims her cellie at Gloriette, grinning with her missing teeth. “I sorry, child. It be armed for killing. No one breaks the standing rule. The rule applies to every belle. You wanted to use the IG, Rejected. You paid me with one e-pone, Rejected. You’re the lowest bidder, Rejected. She’s the highest bidder. You, two, will duel in the IG. The remaining alive winner gets to use the image generator to seek and see her soul mate. The end.”
I swing to Prewitt, sobbing with tears and shaking my curls. “I didn’t mean to start a fight. I didn’t know this would happen to me and you.”
Prewitt frowns, then back steps from Gloriette, shaking his skull. “Why? Why, Gloriette? Why do you feel the need to…to question us? Our relationship? You…you didn’t have anything else to prove. You made it out of Trig, without dying. I have, so far, made it staying here, without dying. We have faced so many madman malicious obstacles. Now, you’ve to face another madman malicious obstacle. When are you going too learn or too love? ” He tosses his arms. “I have had it with you, Gloriette. I am done with your silly banter and sorry self. You enjoy your new fight, inside the image-thingy with no odds of living. I hope, you see your supposed soul mate, which ain’t me, ever,” he swings towards the archway. Prewitt exits the IG room.
I sob with tears, extending my arms. “Prewitt. I sorry. Prewitt, please, come back to me. I didn’t mean to start another fight.”
Grandmother yells, fingering the machine. “Yeillie, get into the right side of the machine. Rejected, you climb into the left side of the image generator.”
I hug my body, viewing Prewitt’s sports jacket tails, sobbing with tears.
Grandmother yells. “Now, Rejected! Get moving! I don’t have all day. Each girl gets a chance for love and happiness. You’re holding the line up.”
I slowly back step from the archway then swing around and view the image generator. I exhale, slowly padding towards the left side of the machine.
The machine is rich black in color, appearing seamless. Upon closer examination, a thin segmented straight line runs horizontal along the center, where the lid uplifts then separates from the body frame.
I grab the dented space then rip open the lid, gasping in fear.
Silver sparkling fabric outlines the entire bottom of the machine, like a pretty coffin drape.
I struggle over the short lip of the machine then lie on my back muscles, exhaling with worry and fear and fright.
Grandmother stands between the two hatches, ordering to the young girls. “Do not touch the lid! You can grab onto the sides with your hands and stomp your shoes on the soft fabric. But, there’re any hand-handles or feet-pedals to operate the image generator. All the pictures look, like a film movie that comes from your mind. You perform flips and flops inside your mind then the brain signal transmits it to the silver fabric. The silver fabric is composed of earth elements that mesh with your earth bio-force. Close your eyes. Concentrate on the image from the machine. Good luck, belles.”
The silver-ness of the lid becomes brighter as the lid advances towards my face. I feel fear, dread, and anxiousness, accepting another bloody deadly fight with my good friend Yeillie from Building 12.
I close my eyelashes. I feel strange, like my body is trying to float and soar, like flying a bird, but can’t. Then, I feel heavy, like my body wants to sink into a soft mattress, sleeping for hours.
A blue sky, I lie upon a blanket of coldness, like a bed, and then sit upright on my elbows. “Oops!” I fall down on my elbows, scanning my environment.
A flat surface, solid white, sparks and glitters ice, like a frozen pond. The ice pond is surrounded on four sides in the shape of a square, with a rich black dark pointy barbed wire. Beyond the ice pond, there are solid walls of white ice, making the white nastily contrasts with the black for death and destruction.
“Not much of to photograph, I wonder if the vision is the same for every girl,” I struggle upright on my elbows. 
Yeillie yells. “Rejected,” she leaps from the icy pond from a lying position. She slips and slides on both her hands and feet towards Gloriette.
I struggle to stand, being taller and heavier.
Yeillie dives at Gloriette on the ice, yelling and smiling. “Rejected dies. I live to find my soul mate.” Yeillie lands on top of Gloriette.
We both fall backwards towards the ice, gliding in a steady pace backwards from her speeding tiger-leap towards the pointy barbed wire fencing.
I kick and pitch both my hands and boots at Yeillia with no good results. She’s too small, clawing and crawling over my body like a tick. I wiggle my hips, shooting my body towards the right and away from the deadly barbed wire.
She straddles on top of Gloriette on the chest, pounding her tiny fists into the face of Gloriette with pain.
I grab both her arms, keeping them from my bloody face then jerk her over my skull with all my mighty strength.
She flies over Gloriette into the barbed wire fencing, yelling in pain.
I sweep my hands and pedal my boot heels forward and away from her to gain the advantage and distance. I hand and foot pedal into the open ice pond then flip on my stomach.
Her blouse is entangled into the wire as she rips off the fabric then stands and sneers. She stomps then slides to the left.
I stand on my kneecaps, sliding left then right, realizing that I do not feel the coldness of a wintertime breeze or frost on my fingers or shoulders, not wearing a winter coat, just my T-shirt and jeans.
Yeillie gains speed and momentum under her small sized shoes and short height. She skates, wavering side to side, like an ice dancer.
I pose on my fingertips and kneecaps, without movement, preventing too much slipping and sliding side to side. I watch and wait.
Yeillie comes closer and closer. She folds her body in half for a direct impact into Gloriette using her nose and two fists.
Yeillie is 2.0 feet, 1.5 feet, 1.0 foot, 11 inches, 10 inches, 9 inches, 8 inches from Gloriette.
I jerk my body, sliding to the left, far away from her face and body impact.
Yeillia can’t stop skating then plows into the barbed wire. The sharp barbs cut her clothes and skin on her face, arms, hands, knees, and stomach.
I slide, without stopping, into the barbed wire, too. I touch the barbed wire, cutting deep slashes into the outer skin then struggle to stand. My shirt gets twisted into the sharp barbs, too. I view Yeillia.
She equally has entangled both her body and clothing into the wires, also. She stands, jerking on her jeans with a tug. Her jeans rip into shreds, propelling her backwards.
I stand. My shirt kisses three more barbed wires points. I forcefully shove my body from the ice wall, when my shirt rips at the bottom, exposing my red cuts and black bruises from the collision with the wall of solid ice and pointy barbs.
Yeillie swings around, yelling. “Rejected dies. I live to see my soul mate.” She skates her torso low down to the ice for more speed towards Gloriette.
I can’t touch the ice wall, but slide to the left and then right. My kneecaps are ripped and shredded with skin wound cuts bloody, but the tough blue jean denim is three times wrapped around two barbs. I bend my kneecap then fall into the wire, cutting both palms. I feel the hot blood liquid pour over my skin.
I upright then bend at my waist then fall into the wires, again, slicing into my left cheekbone. I smell the rich blood. I upright then jerk back and forth my left arm from the cloth-wrapped barb and then fall back into the barbs. I cut my neck, rib cage, and arms, feeling the hot sensation of boiled blood. I view Yeillie.
She skates towards Gloriette.
I kick my right boot toe towards the ice wall, but the twisted barb of cloth and me stand still.
She hits Gloriette on the back muscles.
I mesh my nostrils into the ice, feeling more hot blood pour down my lips. I lap up the blood with my tongue, tasting the salt.
Yeillie back pedals from Gloriette and then slams into the back muscles, again.
And, again, I hit the ice wall, hearing my nose crack. I feel my lips bust and open into slimy silkiness of blood. I groan and moan, leaning into the wire, cutting more slashes into my bloody hands and arms.
She back pedals from Gloriette then charges, again.
I lean my torso left away from the impact of Yeillie. My kneecaps are stuck and stationary.
Yeillie hits the barbs with her short torso, being only four feet, nine inches tall, sticking, like glue.
I grab her skull then slam it into the sharp semi-circular points, not sticking, but dragging red blood droplets from the barbs, on the ice, in my hands.
Yeillie yells. “Ugh! Stop! Get away!”
I dunk her skull into the barbed pointy wires, again, not sticking, but hearing. The swishing sounds tearing into the facial skin and tings of loose teeth from Yeillie’s mouth.
Yeillie struggles to get freed from both Gloriette and the barbs. She yells. “Ugh! Stop!” Droplets of red blood drain from her skull as Yeillie falls into the sharp barbs, again and again, trying to break free of Gloriette.
I pull and shove her skull deeper into the wire overlaid with the sharp thumb-sized semi-round points.
Yeillie screams, producing more red droplets of blood on my pale hands and the white ice below. I exhale, shoving her skull deeper into the barbs.
She screams, spreading more blood droplets from her wounded face and skull.
I exhale, pushing her skull deeper into the barbs.
Her forehead hits the ice.
I hear.
She yelps then quiet.
I release my hands from Yeillie.
Her skull tilts forward then slides to the right, in an unnatural pose, exposing the neck wound. Her throat is sliced opened, draining the blood drops down her face, shirt, jeans, and ice floor.
I gag, turning my face, closing my eyelashes. Then, I jerk open my eyelashes.
Small stars of silver streaks then pin-prick dots of silver light illuminate, inside my side of the image generator machine. The silver fabric has captured my wet thrusting sweat, which gleams and twinkles inside my personal coffin.
I exhale, jerking open my aching palms. I can’t see, but feel the deep cuts from my ugly untrimmed long fingernails and itch from caked and fresh blood, mapping indentations inside both my palms.
I close my eyelashes, exhaling. Then, I see an image.
Prince Pox.
His blonde hair gleams, along with his happy smile. He winks at Gloriette, saying in a tiny voice. “Hi, love! I am your soul mate. I am…”
I open my eyelashes, thrashing and thrusting my hands, arms, boot toes, and kneecaps towards the lid and sides of soft fabric. Then, the IG lid opens, revealing bright light. I shade my eyelashes, exhaling in fury and fear.
Custar arrives at the first opened lid, saying. “Gloriette, are you alive?”
I open my eyelashes, when two hands grab my shoulders.
Dugway pulls on Gloriette, saying and smiling. “Help ya out! Are you okay? The IG machine didn’t shake, rattle, or burp with any outer world activity. Did you see your soul mate?”
I struggle upright then step on the ladder with Dugway’s assistance. I stand, blinking my eyelashes, scanning the room.
The girls sit along the wall and wait for their turn at death or date.
I don’t see Yeillie. Then, I scan my hands, whispering for my eardrums, only. “No blood.” I raise my hands, examining them and then my naked arms and blue jeans, whispering for my eardrums, only. “Not injured.” I slam my body, wrapping my undamaged hands around my dirty, but whole shirt and then touch my blue jeans, dirty, not torn.
Custar, Dugway, Unakite, and Ametheta surround Yeillie’s machine.
Custar frowns inside the open lid, saying softly. “She looks, so peaceful, like asleep.”
I stomp between Unakite and Ametheta.
Yeillie lies on her back with her arms, along her side, with her hands in folded fists.
I do not see any red blood or bruising from the barbed wire, either. I whisper for my eardrums, only. “No blood, either.” 
Ametheta exhales, frowning at the nose profile of Gloriette, says. “Image is one of the two words, describing the image generator machine. Image means pictures. Pictures mean visions. Visions mean, no touching of body parts, Rejected. No blood. No torn hair. No ripped clothes.”
I study Yeillie, nodding in silence.
Custar gasps then says. “What do you mean, no touching, no blood.”
I stare at her dead body, saying. “I was bleeding from our vicious catfight on the ice pond. The machine created…”
“…an image, like a playground park with swinging swings and a downward slide. You, just, participated inside the IG machine against the highest e-pone bidder. And, you won, Rejected.” Grandmother walks from the wall, grinning and nodding.
Custar gasps, viewing Yeillie, says. “Then, if you and her fought, together, and you produced and felt the blood and bruises, but it was all pretend, and if Yeillie isn’t covered in blood or bruises. Then, she died from a heart attack of both fright and fear from your imaginary catfight.”
I gasp, studying Yeillie, without bruises or blood.
Grandmother grabs Gloriette by the collar bone, jerking her from the lid. “Out of way, unwelcomed guests. The funeral DOBs need through to retrieve the dead body. The body’s supposed to dump into the hole, immediately, before the maggot eggs hatch and swell with tiny babies. The sight makes me stomach churn.”
I back step, along with my friends, from the IG machine and then slams into the wall.
The steel DOBs emit a bright yellow beam between the metal seams, like a set of metal angels, when each DOB grabs a limb and then gently lifts.
Yeillie’s dead body smoothly sags in the middle.
The DOBs gently lay her on the naked wooden table. Then, the DOBs guide the table towards the archway.
Grandmother follows the dead body and the DOBs.
I walk behind Grandmother, when Custar, Dugway, Unakite, and Ametheta pad the opposite direction towards the sleep room on the second floor.

10:04 am. Funeral room.

I stand at the archway of a bright lighted room with dozens of overhead lamps.
The funeral DOBs roll the table into the center, of an empty room, without cheery art work, or viewing outside windows.
Grandmother pats Yeillie on the dead arm. The DOBs exit the room.
I stand more inside the hallway then the archway, watching.
Grandmother gently undresses Yeillie’s dead life form, carefully folding each clothing item from the dead girl. Then, she moves the clothes into a short bin, saying. “The clothes go to Gambo for the families. Her mama don’t want the clothes back. Tomorrow, after her mama visits her, I’ll get the girl’s entire wardrobe of dresses and shoes, then I pack and send the load to Gambo, too, by the many sky ships from Starrtus. Them Gambo kids didn’t care about colors, only clothes.”
I view her dead face. “Gambo kids, is that word plural?”
She winks at Gloriette. “Gambo families are big and huge with dozens of kids. The kids, like our clothes, don’t need shoes. They walk around bare feeted on the farm.”
I frown at grandmother. “Gambo kids?”
“A Gambo family is mama, daddy, sister, brother, sister, brother, uncle, aunt, and three, or four cousins.”
I sour. “You’re fibbing.”
She shakes her ponytail. “Naw, I see it on the plasma, during Trig. They show the families, watching the broadcast, too. But, ya gotta know, what to look for, like me.”
I frown. “I don’t believe you.”
She nods. “I’m been here, since sixteen, like you, child. I got rejected, too, when I challenged my Trig-beau, desiring another one’s Trig-beau, like you, child.”
I narrow my eyelashes, shaking my curls. “You don’t know my circumstances.
She giggles, shaking her ponytail. “No matter! You’re here in the D-building with me and rejected like me. I got rejected, too, when my desired beau didn’t want me.”
“You lie.”
“He wanted a tall tough female, not a small skinny sissy thing. I was too pretty and meek. He wanted a hardy girl for his corn patch, picking, harvesting, and plowing. I couldn’t do those tasks, being petite. So, he rejected me, after the Tangent Run,” she places the folded clothes into the bin.
I view Yeillie naked on the table, being only twelve years old. She isn’t even showing any pre-teen features of breasts or hips for birthing babes. “Where does she go, next?”
“Into the ground, I’m waiting on the funeral DOBs to finish digging the grave then dump the body, naked. The maggots, mice, worms, and spiders eat the flesh and blood, conditioning their bodies and the soil. The cycle of life, I guess, on Playtus,” she giggles.
I fold my arms, nodding. “Can I ask you a question?”
She nods. “Naw, I hadn’t seen your clothes from your mama, yet. Ya didn’t die. When a child dies, it hurts. To heal, sometimes, the mama just trashes the whole lot of the child’s possessions here, in the D-building, then I send the possessions to Gambo. I should see something, tomorrow, coming from your mama. You didn’t die, just, Rejected.”
“Inside the image generator, I saw my soul mate.”
She nods. “Trig-beau, the one, that rejected ya. I’m not surprised. The IG is faster and better then the Trig machine.”
“Inside the image generator, when you see the face of our soul mate, in my case, is he the only soul mate for me? Can he be shared by someone else as a potential soul mate?”
She frowns then smiles. “I have never been asked that particular love question. The cosmos can be seen by many eyes, but there’s only one star, that everyone looks for. I guess, if you wanna see that one star, then you study it over and over, again. But, basically, the IG is hundred percent accurate. If you see a face, then the face talks, that’s your soul mate,” she nods, folding the clothes.
I gasp then frown. “Well, maybe, I just imaged that face talking. I was under a lot of stress and distress, during the cat fight with Yeillie. It could’ve been my vivid wild imagination, inside the coffin-like machine.”
She shakes her ponytail. “Naw! The IG and Trig are both machines based on the bio-life form chemicals inside their body, the chemicals mix then match perfectly each soul mate. I’m been here, a long time, match-making. No one is unhappy. All the surviving females of Playtus live happily on Gambo.”
I whisper, frowning and shaking curls. “No.”
“Yeah! You’re rejected. There’s no way to change your destiny from Trig or the IG. I was rejected, too, and been running the D-building for seventy years. My time’s getting on then you start your new task of feeding and watering the wall flowers. Ya know the wheelchairs, lining the walls of the dark-room,” she giggles. “I call it the dark room, since the elderly women can’t hardly see, much less breathe.”
I view my boot toes, thinking. I saw Pox in the image generator.
He rejected me, during Trig.
I was selected to Pox at Trig.
He rejected me, after the Tangent run, too.
I whisper for my eardrums, only. “No. I messed this all up.” I view her with tears, shaking my curls.
She laughs, nodding. “Yeah! The old grandmother, before me, was rejected, too, like me and you. She worked in the D-building, too, burying naked bodies, like me and you. The wheelchairs are childless, like me and you, living their last days in both loneliness and pity, like me and you.
I pout, nodding, staring at my boot toes. “No. I will not be rejected. I will fight, again and win, this time.”
Grandmother laughs then calms, sliding Yeillie’s body onto a rolling table with her strength. “Yeah! Ya survived to fight with the dirt dookie beetles. They live in the red soil and crawl on your boots, when not looking. Yeah! Ya survive, along with me, until I pass. Then, you be the new grandmother, here, inside Building 555.”
I back step into the hallway, shaking my curls and sobbing with tears.

11:01 am. Hallway

I run from the funeral room down the dark hallway. I’m so confused, afraid, and lonely. I love Prewitt.
Prewitt loves me.
This is so simple and easy.
But, the image generator showed the face of Prince Pox, just, like Trig, again. Trig selected Pox for me, too. Then, Pox rejected me, too.
I shake my curls, running down the hallway then stop at the end of the dark wall. There isn’t an exit archway. I pant, folding at the waist then upright, feeling, like vomiting, but can’t.
I pound my fists with pain, whispering for my eardrums, only. “I can’t vomit, fly, or love, here, on Playtus, on Gambo, on Starrtus, on the entire planet, and the entire universe.”
My eyeball catches the dull light.
I back step from the wall end then see the open doorway. I pad and stand at the archway.
The walls of wheelchairs hold the old women, who have been rejected at Trig, too. The women have gray hair, wrinkles, fragile, weak, and sick. Some women cough. Some women sleep. Some women stare at the wall.
I back step, sliding down the wall, sobbing. “No. No. No.” I am, not them. I am, me.” I sob, standing.
Prewitt loves me, but he can’t touch me, due to Trig.
I love Prewitt, but I can’t touch him, due to Trig, too.
I exhale, thinking. I want to die, end it, gone from here, inside Building 555.
I jerk the screwdriver, holding the dark room door open, seeing through my red eyeballs the dull pointy steel.
I whisper for my eardrums, only, nodding. “Yes. Yes. Yes. I am, not Trig. I am, me, not Rejected, after all.”
I slam my body against the wall, sliding onto the flooring. I lower my left arm, facing the soft tender skin towards me. I, just, stab the tip of the screwdriver into the thick vein then bleed out with lots of pain. I’m so numb, now, right here, that I can’t feel pain, only sorrowness and sadness.
I drop the tip of the screwdriver with force, when it hits the wall.
I see.
I feel.
He grabs Gloriette by her shoulders, lifting and hugging her, softly says. “No. No. No.”  He views the walls of wheelchairs, inside the room and then back steps from the dull light.
We stomp and halt inside the bright hallway with happy beaming rays from the afternoon sun.
Grandmother approaches from the left, nodding and fingering the dark hallway, says. “They’re the Rejected teens from Trig, too. And, they, too, selected death over loneliness. You cannot cut the implant out from your arm, girl. The implant is too deeply embedded between your bones, tissues, and blood. If you ever reach it, then you will die, very quickly. They did not reach it, either, so both rejected and defeated, permanently. I feed, water, and treat them, like a set of house plants.” She views Prewitt. “Take her outta of the building, Prewitt! Take her outside for a long walk among the flowers, around the mounds.”
He nods, cuddling Gloriette, back stepping from the darkness of the room and then swings around to the lightness of hallway.
I cry and sob with sadness into his jacket.

2:02 pm. graveyard. light rain. cold. cloudy. gray sky. 68°F

We slowly stroll through the manicured grass and tall pretty colorful wildflowers. I stare at each individual happy flower.
Prewitt stares ahead, guiding us around the old dry red mounds of long time dead citizens of Playtus.
I whisper. “Sechar died, because of me.”
He shakes his skull. “What did Sechar say, that night, before she stabbed you with the needle? We all missed her absence and didn’t immediately notice, that you were missing, until after we had reached the rear door of Building 278. Then, Sechar took charge, yelling and screaming commands, entering, first, and dying, first.”
“To live my life with both peace and happiness.”
“Sechar sacrificed herself for you and me, Gloriette.” He snorts. “She was tough and talented. She destroyed more of the DOBs than me. And, I’m really great with a gun, including the other country beaus. Ya see, Sechar wanted to live and to fight for both you and me to enjoy our future days together, Gloriette.”
I sob then say. “How will that be possible? We can’t be together, ever, because of the implants and Trig.”
He parts his lips, saying with sadness. “You…you saw another soul mate inside the IG.”
I view the grass, saying softly. “I saw you.” I smile and nod at Prewitt. “I saw your face inside the image generator. The fight was all worth you.”
He frowns then smiles. “I’m glad that you saw me. I know that I’m your soul mate, because we’re going to be together, soon. I do believe we can destroy the real Trig then be together on Gambo,” he slides down on the dry grass, underneath the wide tree, from the light rain.
I sit inside his lap. He kisses my hairline. I sob. “Hold me!”
“Forever,” he cuddles Gloriette.
I sob into his jacket.

8:04 pm. food room. suppertime.

We stroll both damp and depressed into the food room. My Trig friends plus Monead and his wife Valmy sit around the dining table, both talking and eating.
The side table holds platters of steaming food.
Prewitt pulls the chair and assists me to sit then turns towards the food table. He loads two plates of good smelling food for us. He slides into the chair, presenting a platter of food to me.
I don’t feel, like eating. Then, I hear.
Custar nods, fingering a map of Playtus in the center of the wooden table. “I know. But, where’s the real Trig located? Which building? You can’t keep opening, every rear door, of every building and then finding every single fighting DOB. Then, every one of us will die, without…”
“I sorry.” Grandmother stands inside the archway, holding the dessert tray. “I didn’t, actually, believe that you, young folks would attack Building 278. Trig is located inside Building One. There are no DOBs, that I have ever seen, before...”
Custar frowns with puzzlement at grandmother. “That’s strange!”
Valmy nods, fingering the map. “Hmm! This is more interesting, if I am reading the diagram, correctly. I don’t see any moving elevators, either, like going up,” he shakes his curls, frowning with confusion. “This building, itself, is a dangerous hazard with 545 steps straight up towards the roof top, the tallest building in the city of Playtus.”
Unakite chews, aiming the fork at the hologram. “No problem! I can rig one of them DOB to plow us straight through the roof top, if’an Prewitt captures me a live one, first,” he spits food with his chuckles.
Prewitt chews, shaking his skull.
Monead fingers the map. “Is the rear door opened or locked? Do we know?”
A loud boom from the single explosion echoes into the room and inside my eardrums.
Grandmother blows into pink tissue, white bone fragments, and red blood over the tray of cookies.
Unakite stands and yells, cuddling Ametheta. “Leave! Run! Now!”
I stand, hearing.
A second boom from another explosion echoes inside the room and into my deaf eardrums, again.
Pox and his body guards from Starrtus appear inside the half blown away archway and partially hallway. He yells and motions towards the hallway. “Now! Get out! The building’s burning with fire. Hurry!”
I frown in surprise. “Pox!?”
Custar stares at grandmother’s bloody body. “They found out. They found us.”
Monead grabs both Valmy and Custar, yelling. “Get out! Get out! We gotta get out, before the fire balls hit the gas tanks, beside the kitchen ovens. We ride to Building One and take out Trig, now, tonight.”
I grab a dirty steak knife from the dining room table, nodding and grinning. “This is our only chance to destroy Trig.” I race out the smelly building with my friends.
Prewitt lifts Gloriette onto the hovering funeral sleigh, sliding her into Pox’s chest. Prewitt jumps onto the sleigh, when Unakite drives towards Building One, in the late evening.


9:01pm
Building One
front door entrance

The two funeral sleighs stop and then hover.
Unakite back steps from the front railing towards the rear, watching Monead, Valmy, Custar, Dugway, Prewitt, Unakite, and Ametheta leap from the funeral sleigh.
I huddle into Pox’s chest, whispering. “I want you and your band of merry girls and boys to climb the stairs in the rear and meet us on the top level flooring at Trig. We work, together, and take out Trig, once and for all.”
Pox views the side of the tallest building on Playtus. “The back stairs are located on the other side of this building, in the rear, making me more time. And, you do remember that this building is fifty five floors high, making me some more time. I might be late, love.”
I wink. “And, I do remember that there are about eighteen steps-per-floor, darling. That’s exactly 810 steps, not counting your dirt boot heel prints. I want ya going up their rear end, when I and my team approach with a frontal attack. You’ll successfully reach Trig, coming into the back door, without observation. Since, I’m, making lots of party noise from the ground up towards the skyline.” I giggle and nod.
Pox views Valmy and Monead. They trot towards the front door. Pox nods, saying. “We can defend your fanny. I hope, you remember this, when I’m old and gray, love.”
I wink. “I don’t forget a favor, darling,” I kiss his cheekbone. “You be paid. And, thanks!” I leap from the sleigh.
Valmy taps her implant to the door.
It opens.

Lobby
Monead pulls Valmy behind him, feeling hot steam of vapors.
The floor exhibits tall trees, low bushes, and knee-high flowers, all in white.
Dugway cuddles Custar, staring at the vapors of forest. They carefully walk on the slick stone floor.
Prewitt squats, grabbing and tossing the pebble on the floor. He cuddles Gloriette, chuckling. “Ah! Rock me, really!”
Unakite cuddles Ametheta, viewing the room. “A concrete jungle…”
“Naw!” Monead leads, touching the leaves. “The tree’s real, really real, and really moist with real water,” he tastes his fingers. “This is real water for drinking, not salty. I don’t get it.”
Unakite says. “This room is heated, like a volcano. We must be close to the Trig engines.”
“No! Water and machines doesn’t mix. They cause electricity, which then causes death.” Custar says, walking through the white forest of trees. She touches each wet leaf, frowning with confusion.
I cuddle into Prewitt’s chest, spanking the leaves, when the wetness flings towards my hand, the wall, and the floor of puddles. I climb the steep stairs up towards the sixth floor, standing and staring at the opening.

Second level
The floor is a solid sheet of white ice, watching Custar and Dugway dance then slip into a wall of solid ice.
Unakite skates with his arms around Ametheta, cuddling and chuckling into her face, like a little boy. He soars around the ice, while they tap on the solid walls of ice for fun and entertainment.
Valmy and Monead stand in the middle, holding and whispering into each other face.
Prewitt and I step onto the ice floor, accidentally, sailing into Valmy, when she giggles.
Unakite comes around, grinning then plows into our huddle, when we all fall down onto the hard ice, together.
Prewitt frowns, yelling. “Not fun, Unakite!”
Unakite stands, assisting Ametheta, chuckles. “All’s fun!”
I stand inside Prewitt’s chest, watching Custar and Dugway dance near us, without falling.
We huddle, together, viewing the open window on top of the ceiling.
Custar says. “Who likes to climb?”
“Not, me!”
“Not, I!”
“No way!”
“No ladder.”
“No doors.”
“No exits.”
“We’re trapped, here!” Monead shakes his skull, viewing the ice walls.
I finger the window. “The window’s the only exit point. So, we climb up the ice wall and then over the opening. Prewitt kneel on the ice…”
Prewitt shakes his skull. “Naw! It’s too slick. I agree, the only option’s crawling up the walls into the opening, but on ice.”
Dugway pulls the object, showing it. “Okay, boys! Show me your weapons! I got a pocket knife.”
Prewitt raises his knife.
Dugway nods. “Another knife.”
Custar shows the screwdriver. Monead raises the butcher knife, smirking. And, I show the dirty steak knife.
Dugway nods. “Okay! We do this, together, like a team. Monead, you, and Custar start breaking up the ice floor for some hand and kneecap imprints for both Unakite and Dugway, being the biggest studs, here. We be the base and brace with our sturdy back muscles. Then, Gloriette and Custar stand on our backs, slapping the ice for some ten fingered hand holds. Prewitt and Ametheta will act as spotters, in case, a girl falls backwards. We’re crawling up the ice wall, like a bug, and then over the wall opening into the next level…”
“This wall is four stories tall.” Ametheta frowns, viewing the opening at the top.
Unakite cuddles Ametheta, chuckling. “Don’t worry! I’ll toss ya over my shoulder and carry up the ice, darling!”
Dugway frowns at Ametheta. “Get to work, ya’ll!”
Monead and Custar dig out holes for the hands and kneecaps, when Unakite and Dugway kneel on the ice.
Prewitt lifts Gloriette, first, and then Custar onto each beau.
I take the butcher knife handle, hammering into the screwdriver, chopping up the hard ice for some climbing hand holds. The ice chips blister my skin, chapping both my face and lips, while working.
We work in grunts and huffs, without any vocal words.
I reach, as high as, I can, tapping the sharp chips of ice from the wall while some land in my face, in my hair, on my collar bones, sliding down my arms. But, I continue working. I stretch, not reaching more of the innocent ice.
The beaus grunt louder from the girls’ weight.
Prewitt climbs on top of Dugway and Unakite’s back muscles, standing in his naked feet between them, lifting Gloriette by the waist.
I reach the next smooth ice. I chip then grunt, and chip then grunt, whacking away a wide and short hand hold. Then, I turn and twist to my right for another set of hand holds.
Prewitt lifts Gloriette higher for another set of hand holds.
Then, I can’t reach any higher from Prewitt’s lift.
He backs down onto the ice.
I climb off.
Prewitt replaces Unakite on the ice, when Monead wiggles on top of Prewitt and Dugway on the bottom. Monead slams the screwdriver and the butcher knife into the ice, chopping the crystal for more hand holds, until he can’t reach the ice, anymore.
Monead kneels on top of Prewitt and Dugway, when all baritone moan in grunts. 
Unakite climbs on top, chopping out ice hand holds then reaches the opening. He shimmies up and over falling into the new room. He immediately leans over, calling. “Ametheta, first, and then Monead. I need his muscle to lift both Prewitt and Dugway from the freaking ice floor with my dwindling strength.”
I watch Monead climb the ice, using the pretty sorry hand holds of my limited muscle strength, slipping a few of times. Then, he eventually reaches Unakite and with Ametheta’s aid, sliding him over the edge of the opening onto the third level.
Monead and Unakite stand side to side, holding arms.
I climb over Prewitt and Dugway. I grab the slick ice, losing my grab then land on top of the beaus, saying. “Sorry!” Then, I hear.
Loud grunts of defeat below the window.
I grab the ice hand hold, gritting my teeth, drawing blood on my lips. I pull, grunting while feeling Prewitt stand on top of Dugway, pushing my fanny towards the opening.
Monead reaches down low, grabbing my arm. He man-pulls me towards the opening then violently jerks my arm up and over the window.
I land on top of Unakite, giggling.
He grunts from the heavy falling weight then smiles. “You’re lighter than a rearing pony, girl.”
I climb off then stand.
Monead sails Custar into the air towards Unakite. Unakite catches her body, falling on the floor, too. Monead yells. “Get over here, Unakite! I need help!”
Unakite stomps to the window, extending both his hands and arms, when Dugway appears, grunting and grinning. The three land on the floor, grunting and chuckling.
They stand.
Both Unakite and Monead extend hands and arms over the window, when Prewitt appears, smiling and sniggering.
They land on the floor, again, grunting and chuckling.
Monead slows stands, staring at the new room.

Third level
A waterfall showers the walls, the flooring, and the ceiling on my left, as I step then slip onto a moist floor of a thin layer of water, landing on my kneecaps. I watch the pretty ugly water fall down from ugly metal vents and then down into more ugly metal vents.
Dugway stands and slips towards the waterfall.
Custar frowns, not moving, staring at the wall of water. “This is the strangest interior design, ever.”
Dugway slides then uprights, and then stomps, and the slides, approaching the waterfall. He guides his hand into the downpour. “Almost bath water temperature, too! Naw! Trig is a generator unit. A generator is a devise that converts the solar energy into electrical energy done by rolling and rotating machine motors. This is really an ingenious creation. Ya see, the solar roof top is a set of hot panels, collecting both heat and light. The heat and light convert into streams of steam which turn the motors operating Trig’s mechanic circuits on the top level. The waterfall acts a turbine producing stream, which is mixed with the invisible solar waves feeding Trig. The downward direction of the waterfall falls down the wall then lands on the next level, where it freezes into solid blocks of ice. The ice creates the cooling effect for both the computer and the heated mechanisms. Then, the ice melts into elimination into the albino tree forest, on the first level. This is an awesome process. I’m very impressed with these.”
Custar fingers the door, sliding open in silence. “I’m not impressed with them.”
Prewitt swings around, narrowing his eyelids. “Who are they?”
The female is tall and slender, walking in front of the other females. She stops, smiling. “I am Gloriette.”
I stand and then stomp a baby step, without sliding, towards the female, tossing my hands, then wave my arms in fury. “No! I am Gloriette. You do look, just, like me. Why? Who are you, not Gloriette?”
The female smiles, tilting her face, giggles. “I am your twin sister. Why do you think a married couple lives for nine months on Starrtus, then births a baby, only, on Starrtus? I am you…”
“…in pasty ghostly white,” chuckles Unakite, hugging on Ametheta for his love and her protection.
Twin Gloriette views Unakite, grinning and winking. “I don’t get out much, doll.”
The other females fan out around my twin Gloriette.
Custar stares with shock, fingering. “Jacidee.”
Valmy frowns. “What are you?”
Jacidee slams my twin Gloriette on the pale bicep, “This is Mademoiselle Gloriet..ta,” she giggles with an accent, like the real and dead Jacidee from Trig.
Unakite frowns, shoving Ametheta behind his back. “This is really weird.”
Prewitt snorts, standing behind Gloriette, shaking his skull. “This is really white, like the tree forest on ground level, and the skating ice ring, below us.” 
The petite red haired young girl smiles, bouncing up and down. “I am Neekim, without the twang or toot, like Gloriet…ta’s name,” she giggles.
The twin Jacidee winks at the twin Neekim.
I sneer. “Who are you?”
Twin Gloriette nods, saying. “I am your sister, Gloriette. I never existed in your world, Gloriette, because I am the one, behind the Trig. I operate the computer. This is your visitation, here to Building One. You want to meet the machine. Am I correct, Gloriette?”
I raise my steak knife, aiming at her pale skull. “I wanna meet you and the Trig. Am I correct, honey?”
Twin Gloriette advances and meets Gloriette then aims a tiny glass bottle at her face. Twin Gloriette sprays a light mist, hitting Gloriette in the eyeballs.
I back step, wiping the invisible mist from my face and my surrounding air currents. I sniff the strong pleasant smell of ripe bananas. I yell. “Don’t breathe the mist! Fall back! Get out!” I drop the steak knife then back step, swishing both hands around the air then feel strange.
Prewitt sniffs his surrounding air molecules with a goofy grin. “It smells so good. It smells, like bananas.”
Unakite grins, laughing into Ametheta’s face, says. “I like bananas. I’m hungry. Can we eat after this, doll?”
I back step, seeing a blur of white. Then, I hear the splashes of the waterfall.
The twin Gloriette smiles, grabbing Gloriette, before she falls into the water puddles. She leads her into an elevator of enclosed blackness.
I lean into her shoulder, staring at the rear of colored skulls of my friend. I feel the elevator soar towards the top away from the waterfall floor.

Lounge level
The elevator doors open then the twin Jacidee steps off, first.
Twin Gloriette walks Gloriette towards a set of sofas then around the sofas. She pushes her towards the sofa fabric.
I stumble forward onto the edge of the arm rest, not balancing upright or sitting. I fumble then fall on my kneecaps, landing hard on the tile, grunting in pain and dizziness. I close my eyelashes, feeling pain and sleepy.
The voice of the twin Gloriette says. “Prewitt, walk this way, love. Lie down here, darling! Is that more comfortable, honey-poo?”
I hear the footsteps travel away from my ears.
“Unakite, do you like my dress? I like your eyes.” The voice of the twin Nimkee says.
I hear giggle sounds of the both girls and guys invade my ears. I grab the sofa leg pulling my body over the arm rest.
Twin Gloriette kisses Prewitt and then touches his face.
I grunt then fall down over the floor, hearing more giggle sounds from the girls and grunts from the guys. I grunt, climbing over the sofa, again.
Twin Gloriette lies over Prewitt’s body on the sofa.
I sneer, shaking my curls, blinking my eyelashes, whispering for my eardrums, only. “Drugs, a sedation drug.” I feel lousy and floatie, like I’m stationary in the air, not on the grass. I stand on my kneecaps and palms then touch the sofa. I peek over the fabric.
Our evil twins are seducing our sweet beaus.
I growl then struggle to stand upright. I kneel then crawl around the furniture, watching my evil twin Gloriette touch Prewitt, my sweet beau.
She kisses Prewitt.
I toss fireballs into her back muscles.
She didn’t explode into fiery ashes, either. She surfaces from Prewitt’s goofy face then giggles, sounding, just like my laugh. She rubs his nose with her nose bridge then whispers silent words, that I can’t hear. She struggles to stand then back steps, wiggling her hips at Prewitt.
He acts, like a goofy idiot, chuckling and swaying his torso, skull, and arms her body movement, while the slow music plays from the hidden speakers.
I exhale, balling my hands into fists.
Twin Gloriette back steps, swaying her hips and waving silly at Prewitt then disappears into the outer hallway.
I swing around dog-crawling along the tile, using the furniture as a wall. I exit into the hallway door at the wall intersection. I stand with dizziness, slowly scanning the corridor with blurred eye vision.
Twin Gloriette dashes away from the room and me.
I follow, keeping my distance, not pacing at her rhythm of musical steps, while trying not to draw attention to my person.

Kitchen
Twin Gloriette stomps nosily along the black metal floor. She glides into an open archway on the left.
I slowly duck into the left hallway, crushing along the wall. I hear tings of fragile glass. I scan the hallway to my right.
An empty space with rich black metal walls kisses the floor and ceiling. The entire building is constructed of metal, since the entire building is Trig, a metal machine.
This new concept is making my cool concept of blowing the machine Trig off the planet, a little more impossible. But, I’ll think of something, more coolly or definitely more colder.
I grind my teeth, leaning into the cold wall, closing my eyelashes and hearing.
Twin Gloriette imitates in my flute soprano, perfectly, says. “Where are the concoctions? Prewitt’s happy, now, but his eyes are returning to a state of thinking normally about her, not me.”
The voice of twin Custar echoes inside the kitchen, like the real Custar, saying. “You’re not the boss, Gloriette.”
Twin Gloriette sneers. “You saw the live television reels. Gloriette is the leader of their belles. So, I am the leader of our belles. That makes me, the leader of you, Custar. Or, do you want to test my belle reign?”
The twin of Jacidee echoes, like the real and dead Jacidee, then sneers inside the kitchen. “I will. I’m pretty, smart, strong, quicker, and better than you, Gloriette. And, I am implanted to Prewitt, not you, sugar.”
The twin of Sechar yells, like the real Sechar, saying. “Enough, belles! We have our primary duty, defend and protect Trig, at all costs. I have finished the formula. The concoctions for the beaus need to breathe, like a bottle of fine wine for ten minutes, then ready. Let us get back to the slumber party, before one of the beaus becomes too alert and knowledgeable about our deceptive ploy.”
Twin Custar frowns, whirling and walking out the kitchen’s archway. “Why is Gloriette matched to Prewitt?”
Twin Sechar frowns. “She is not. She is in love with Prewitt.”
Twin Jacidee nods. “Prewitt is implanted to me. He loves me, too. I am keeping him.”
Twin Sechar sneers. “Love!? It is a flaw of ego.”
Twin Jacidee smiles. “Love is a flaw of life.”
Twin Neekim grins. “Love is a beauty of life. I want to possess Unakite, since my beau is really dead from the Trig runs.”
Twin Gloriette frowns. “Love and possession is both not our destiny, but our determination by…”
Twin Custar frowns. “What about Countess Ametheta from Starrtus?”
Twin Sechar leads the group, nodding. “She returns, today, on the next sky ship. She is not to be harmed, ever.”
I gasp then slap my hand to my mouth, in case, my escaped oxygen molecules are heard by the set of evil duplicate twins. They possess knowledge of the Starrtus sky ships. And, they seem to be cooperating with the Starrtus citizens. Not good! I watch the twins marching away from me then turn into the room.
I slide onto the floor, standing. I hold the wall, walking into the kitchen.
A kitchen layout of appliances, pots, pans, and dishes, except for the red colored beverages, four for each beau.
I stumble towards the pantry of food items, sliding open a door. I search then find, not too quickly. I grab the red hot peppers, back stepping into the counter. I sprinkle bits of dry red hot peppers into each drink. Then, I replace the bottle. I find a bottle of basil, smelling the strong odor then sprinkle into the red mixture. It blends, so nicely with the pretty bright red color. I two step, and then two step, and then bend on kneecaps in the front of the wooden cabinet. I open the door then see and snatch a large bottle of vinegar. Then, I stand and two step back to the counter. I open the bottle, almost vomiting my breakfast entrée from yesterday.
I gently pour a tiny half teaspoonful into each beverage, not much, ya’ll. I lean against the counter, smelling the nasty odor then giggle with vicious revenge of my twin Gloriette. I place the bottle at the edge of the sink then slowly spin around, seeing.
Nothing!
I giggle, stumbling towards the archway.

Lounge level
I dog crawl back behind the sofa, watching the shoes walk then turn from the room. I slowly crawl over the sofa.
The beaus are stretched, lying on a sofa with their shirts off, naked above their waistlines.
I giggle then slide down towards the edge for a good view of the upcoming show.
The twins return, each holding a red colored beverage.
I ease around the sofa, grinning and giggling. 
Twin Gloriette draws Prewitt upright from his back muscles then leans him against the soft fabric of the ugly sofa.
He shows a silly smirk.
She gently lifts the beverage then tenderly places it along his parted lips.
He swallows the liquid, grinning goofy at her.
Then, she whispers something, that I can’t hear, but I can figure out.
I giggle.
Prewitt chuckles then sips on the beverage.
Twin Gloriette wipes the red juice from his mouth then kisses his forehead.
Prewitt sips on the red liquid.
I giggle.
He frowns then coughs.
She lifts the glass back to his lips.
He turns an ashen pale, slamming the beverage from her hands.
She caresses his cheekbone.
Prewitt gags then coughs then gags then vomits directly into her lap.
I giggle.
Twin Gloriette stands, gagging.
I stand then fall. I stand, again, slowly walking to her back muscles.
She moans, not touching Prewitt’s vomit on her dress.
I grin then grab my steak knife from the low table in front of the sofas, where the twins had stowed the deadly weapons. I stab her eardrum with the knife.
She pulls back from Gloriette, holding her ear then back steps from the sofa. Twin Gloriette swings around, running out the room into the hallway.
Each beau vomits onto each twin belle’s lap, at different moments.
Then, the belle back steps from the beau, running out the lounge room into the hallway.
Prewitt coughs, splashing the water pitch over his head and naked chest, cleaning off his vomit, their sweat, and her perfume.
I stand, stumbling to him.
He pours cold water over Gloriette, helping clean off the mist of drugged spray.
We both giggle then smile goofy at our wetness.
I wipe the draining wet drops from Prewitt’s face then kiss his cheekbone, since I can’t kiss his lips. I whisper. “Time to kill!”
Dugway views the archway. “Where did they go?”
I giggle, raising the knife. “I stabbed their belle leader. They’re hibernating, or healing, or heading south towards the next city, if they be a smart bouquet of belles.” I giggle.
Prewitt replaces his shirt. He nods, cuddling Gloriette.
I swing us towards a new elevator door, fingering. “We’re almost there. And, Trig has kindly provided us the way, an elevator.”

30th floor

Monead and Valmy exit, first.
The computer room occupies an entire wall, within the black square of metal, featuring tiny lights of color. The perfect square touches the ceiling and then falls down into the wall, alone, without any protection guards plus guns.
I part my lips, standing in front of the elevator closed doors, exiting last. “Trig!”
“Big.”
“Roomy.”
“Rats?”
“I thought you said there were no cute pets on Playtus.” Dugway slams the tiny gray mouse with his boot heel, chuckling.
“Guns?”
“Nope.”
“Weapons?”
“None.”
“Explosives?”
“Naw.”
“How we are going to blow this sucker into the clouds? Any thoughts? Any ideas? Any TNT sticks?”
“No.”
“Stole the butcher knife,” Monead raises the object, winking at Valmy. They slide to the other side of the black metal, looking for a way to destroy Trig.
Custar stands beside Gloriette, viewing the ceiling. “The computer metal is really a tower of twenty plus levels. How are we going to destroy this metal monster?”
I pad towards the computer console, occupying a long desk table surface from wall to wall, viewing the many square and round buttons. Then, I hear.
“Gloriette…”
I twist my face to the sound.
A side door opens, revealing the elderly women of Playtus from the first ten buildings, the powerful clan of Playtus.
Gloriette’s mama leads, wearing her black dress, not smiling.
I swing my face towards the computer console, searching for the solution then smirk.
I see a big red circular button. I whisper for my eardrums, only. “Green for go! Red for stop!” My non-grandmother new dead friend had taught me to be brave, smart, fight, and survive, until destroyed and dead. I stand sideways, holding my hand over the red button. I smile with wickedness.
Gloriette’s mama halts, dropping her mouth then raises her hand. The elderly women of Playtus form a semi-huddle around her, their leader on the side wall. She shakes her curls.
Then, I hear.
“Gloriette...”
I swing towards my name.
A different side door opens, revealing Pox and his Starrtus warriors of handsomeness and prettiness step out, along with their drawn hand-held cellies, cleverly and conveniently altered into a Starrtus weapon for war.
I frown at him. “Pox!? What’s this, Pox? You work with us, as allies, while we waste our strength, destroying our evil twin sisters then block my final finale. Ah naw! Boy, stay out of my dang way! Nothing’s stopping me, here, not you or her,” I point at my mama. I draw my weapon, a steak knife from the Building 555 kitchen table, during the explosion for another round of fighting fury. I feel betrayed-thrill. I’m the closest to kissing my love mate Prewitt, finding my happiness, foreverly.
Pox rejected me, too many dang times.
I yell at him, sneering. “Move away from Trig, Pox! Or, you can go down with it, too. I don’t wanna harm you, but I will, boy.” I do not swing my face to her, but yell for all eardrums. “That same verbal command applies to you, too, Mama.”
Gloriette’s mama smiles at her daughter. “Gloriette, I am so disappointed in you and your performance. You failed at Trig, not producing a fifth generation baby of Faywood for your family and your city of Playtus. Now, you have, also, failed at destroying Trig. There is nothing you can do that can destroy Trig, daughter,” pauses, then she views the princess. “Therefore, Prince Pox will leave with his soldiers. Gloriette will be exiled for a second time to Building 555, being my failed daughter with no family ID. The beaus of Gambo will be leaving, before the iodine treatment breaks down their artificial immune system or die, here, on Playtus, since all the females are immune to the nasty chemicals in the air waves.”
I nod. “We know all that, Mama. Grandmother stumbled upon the iodine cure, a long ago. The treatment is only temporary, along with the cowboy boot prints of the Gambo beaus. They’re leaving, tonight, after we destroy Trig, right now,” I grin with confidence.
Gloriette’s mama sneers. “No one is going to die.”
Custar fingers the floor at the lower level, holding the twin sisters. She sneers. “Why? Why do I have a twin sister? Why are you hiding them in here, Building One? Why, Mama? What is going on here, mother?”
I hold my hand above the big red button. “This button can destroy Trig. I may have been a disappointment in the Faywood family, but I learn quickly, Mama. All machines have an off button, painted in non-red color. Green for go! Red for stop! I press this button then Trig is destroyed. I will die for love.” I smile at Prewitt.
Prewitt shuffles closer to Gloriette then stops.
Valmy holds her baby, struggling between many pairs of hands from the elderly Playtus women and then stands in the middle of the huddle, like she’s being protected. Her husband Monead is tossed from the elderly huddle, sliding over the slick floor on his side, semi-unconscious with a blacken eye and a pair of busted lips.
Gloriette’s mama frowns, fingering at Monead. “No one is going to die. Trig will select its playmates each minute, hour, midnight, tomorrow, and the other tomorrows, from the females of Playtus. Then, the widowed mothers will raise their daughters, here. And, no one escapes from Playtus, without our verbal permission. Valmy will remain and raise her baby. Monead is being granted permission to leave, since he has somewhat survived the first round of bacteria.” She views Gloriette. “Stop this nonsense, girl! You are a quick steady, darling. But, Trig is not the machine, that is going to be destroyed, here, now,” she lifts her wrist, fingering her faded triangle of emerald green. “We are Trig. The implant is Trig. If you press that red button, the implant will destroy us, Gloriette. We will die, every single one of us.”
Custar gasps. “I don’t wanna die. I’m married to Dugway.” She hugs him, shaking her curls.
I gasp. “You lie,” then, I hear.
“Gloriette…”
The elevator doors are opened.
The white army of Starrtus forms in two lines. Princess Phillipina marches from the rear of the elevator towards Gloriette. She wears her long black dress and gold key chain.
I learned the key chain didn’t show the room of Trig.
She halts twenty feet from Gloriette.
I swing my knife towards Phillipina in another fury of fighting.
Prewitt comes and stands beside me. Custar and Dugway huddle in place on my right, while Unakite hugs on Ametheta on my left. We stand and guard the Trig machine for its ultimate devastation, maybe our own destruction, too.
Phillipina shakes her curls. “Gloriette, please lower your useless little tiny weapon,” she smiles. “I come here, only, for instruction.”
I sneer, shaking my knife at her. “You’re not a Playtusian. You may leave my city, like now, princess.” I hold my hand over the red button. “Princess, why are you here?”
Unakite shoves on Pox, tossing him towards the wall.
Pox is catch by one of his bodyguards, becoming disarmed. Pox stands, not angry or yelling.
Unakite sneers at Phillipina. “It’s obvious. Pox and his mama are here to retrieve Ametheta.”
Aneathea scoots closer to Unakite, touching his bicep. She views Pox. “Pox, is this true?”
Phillipina views the floor then Gloriette. “I am sorry. We cannot interfere, here, on your home world,” she swings to Ametheta. “Countess, you do not belong here. You are from Starrtus. We are here to take you back home.” She views Gloriette. “And, you are a brave one, Gloriette. I was correct, all along. You would have indeed made a fine princess for both Starrtus and Playtus.”
Gloriette’s mama sneers. “Go home, Phillipina! This is our home world. These are our baby girls.”
I frown at Phillipina. “I would have made. Those words are in a past tensed phase, like my life form is going to die.”
Phillipina nods and fingers the red button. “You are very close to death, Gloriette, by touching that red button to execute the shutdown of Trig.”
I exhale, viewing Prewitt with tears in my eyeballs.
Gloriette’s mama views her daughter, softening her voice. She smiles. “Please, Gloriette! Do not touch the button. You will disarm Trig. We…all of us will die. Our implants are linked to Trig.”
I exhale, sniffing with tears then view Phillipina. “Who are the twins? We had to eliminate them, too, before reaching Trig.” I view my mama. “No one seems to wanna tattle anything.”
Phillipina nods. “They are cyborgs. They come from Starrtus.”
Custar frowns. “They are clones of us.”
Phillipina shakes her curls. “They are not. A clone is exact duplicate of your specific gene. The cyborg is a machine in the middle, which is surrounded by any type of living tissue. They could walk and talk, like oak trees, if the green leaves had been used the mixing pot,” she giggles.
Custar exhales. “Machines, everything is a dang machine. Cellie. Trig. Cyborg.” She views her mama. “Are you even really real, Mama?”
Her mama nods.
Phillipina says. “I am here at the bequest of the Playtus. I am here, representing your mama, your grandmother, and your great grandmother.”
I stomp a boot toe. “They rejected me.”
She nods. “You are correct. I cannot debate the truth fact. The other truth fact is that Trig must exist. Trig must compute. Your implant is literally tied into the Trig machine. If the machine is destroyed, you will die, Gloriette, Prewitt, Custar, Dugway, Unakite, Monead, and Valmy.”
I scream. “Naw! You lie. Mama lies. They all lie to me and to us. We’re the next generation of leaders of Playtus. We’re sick of the lies and deceit. We’ll lead our city in both honor and truth, not anymore lies.”
Phillipina smiles, nodding. “Valmy, you have a child.”
Valmy nods, rocking her baby.
I stand, frowning with puzzlement. “How’s it possible for you to access to Building One? How is it possible for you to access to the Playtus baby nursery? How is all this access to you to be here? This is not Starrtus.”
She nods. “I have access, because there’s no leadership on Playtus, only Trig.”
“A freaking machine,” I view the wall of black metal, sneering.
She smirks. “Playtus needs leaders to rule the city with both honor and courage. Trig shouldn’t be allowed to form a soul mate, but it does. Trig shouldn’t be used to select your mate, but it does, too,” she nods to Gloriette.
“Trig does, but I’m stopping it,” I study the complicated console, holding my flat palm over the button.
“Do not, child!” Phillipina exhales, nodding. “Gloriette, you have been lied, entrapped, betrayed, and deceived by your family, but, not me.”
I hold my hand over the big red button, staring at Phillipina. “You tell me the truth. I accept that fact.”
Valmy stomps a cowgirl boot, nodding for attention, within the circle of elderly women. She says. “And, I accept the fact that ya’ll old farts have limited our population, too, like an old-fashioned dictatorship, where the wealthy class rules and decides each daughter’s tragic or more tragic fate. If every coupled was matched and mated, then every couple would be happy. Yet, my husband can’t live with me on Playtus, he dies. Thus, your little girl is unhappy. This way, your little girl mourns, while you raise the babe with your love and happiness, Mama.”
Valmy’s Mama frowns, cuddling her granddaughter.
I laugh, shouting and raising my arm with the knife. “For babes, DOBs, not boys, you’re so dense, Mama.”
Valmy shouts, rocking her baby, “The law of nature, there. The law of matrons, them. They’re the judge, jury, and executor of my life. Well, not any more, Mama, there are both happy men-folk and women-folk on Gambo. I’m going to live and die with my legal husband, Mama,” she stomps forward, when the elderly women block her advancement.
Phillipina nods, shouting. “If you start a sequence to destroy Trig, you will die. The babies will die. Your mama will die, Gloriette.”
“My mama’s triangle is gone.” I say, nodding.
“No! It has faded into her skin, the triangle is there. It exits. The triangle is an outline of the implant which is directly tied into the computer,” she views the ceiling. “Trig is the beast that controls all Playtus and Gambo. I promise, today, right now, that the newborns will not receive any more implants from this day forward, Gloriette.”
I nod. “That’s a good start. And, what about the old babies that have grown and matured into teens or young adults?”
She views the floor then Gloriette, shaking her curls. “I am so sorry. The implant can never be removed or certain biological functions do not exist, anymore.”
I view the floor, thinking of the elderly ladies. They were rejected, too, like me, then attempted to remove the implant by force. The result was brain damage, permanently while living their last days in Building 555, awaiting death. I view her, exhaling. “I only seek happiness.”
Ametheta frowns, saying. “I have an idea, princess. Can we tweak Trig into by-passing the triangle? Then, every female will only have a tattoo, not a reminder of…”
“…rejection.” I view Ametheta, snapping with jealousy. “Shut up, Ameaniethere!”
Ametheta frowns, cuddling into Unakite’s arms. He kisses her cheekbone then whispers into her face.
Phillipina smiles. “Countess, my second purpose, coming to Playtus, retrieving both you and Pox. I am sorry, Ametheta. We are leaving from Playtus in a few moments.”
Pox moves from Trig then stands besides his mother, while his warriors move into the formation. He smiles. “Ametheta has stumbled upon happiness, Mother. She’s going to marry Unakite, since his implant doesn’t affect Ametheta’s taste buddies,” he chuckles.
“Hush, Pox!” Ametheta giggles with embarrassment.
I view Prewitt and his body wounds for me. He and I hug. I sob and say. “I, just, want happiness.”
Prewitt gently kisses Gloriette on her hair roots, only. He can’t touch her lips, or her tongue, or her taste buds, since she tastes, like vinegar.
I feel vengeful, desiring to destroy Trig and then everyone will die, plus me. If I can’t have happiness, neither can anyone else.
Prewitt cuddles Gloriette.
I sob with tears into his torn shirt and ratty jacket.
Prewitt swiftly releases Gloriette, grabbing the knife. He charges at the console for destruction.
Unakite dashes and then slams into Prewitt, sideways. The boys tumble over and over, punching with fists, drawing more blood. Unakite yells. “I love her. I wanna be happy.”
Prewitt shouts. “I love her, too. I can’t be happy.”
Unakite pens Prewitt to the floor under his big body, exhaling.
Phillipina frowns. “I am so sorry, Prewitt. You may marry any maiden in the land of cotton, not Gloriette. She cannot marry, ever,” she pauses, then she smiles, nodding. “But, she is a natural leader. I asked you to be a princess on Starrtus, which is our lost. But, here, Gloriette, you can be leader of your city. You can end the death and destruction of young lives. You cannot conquer Trig, but control it. Please, accept this responsibility.”
I nod, viewing Prewitt.
Prewitt exhales, struggling to stand from Unakite.
“Hold tight, Prewitt!” Unakite views the floor, fingering the lower level. “Something ain’t right. Or, something ain’t wrong. The dead Gloriette kissed me, too. And, she tasted like strawberries, not sweet, not tart. If she was the exact duplicate of her twin Gloriette, then she couldn’t have touched me. Then, I couldn’t have tasted her, without a sour sting. So’s, what’s up with that?”
Pox smiles, nodding at Unakite. “Very easily explained, love. I sorry! Gloriette and Unakite are truly the paired soul mates from Trig. I interfered, trying to fin off Ametheta’s lusty advances. Ametheta and I are the mixed variables, within a fixed field of Trig,” he chuckles. “You, Gloriette and Unakite are the true soul mates from Trig.”
Unakite shakes his curls. “Ah, naw! I tasted candy from Ametheta.”
“I’m a girl, not a machine.” Ametheta nods, frowning and folding her arms, moving away from him.
Prewitt nods, touching his lips. “When Jacidee kissed me, it was the same flavor of sugar.”
Gloriette’s mama nods. “There are twin females from Playtus, no duplicate males from Gambo. The Playtusians set this arrangement, eons ago. The second twin is born to Trig, ensuring its survival, while the first twin goes to the family ID, also, ensuring its survival,” she sneers at Phillipina. “And, the city of Starrtus is nothing more then stolen sons of Playtus.”
Pox nods. “The middle-man, I had learned about that ancient arrangement, then kindly interfered.”
Phillipina smirks at her son. “A royal thorn in my royal dress, son!”
Pox chuckles, nodding at his princess-mama.
I clear my throat for attention. “And, here, we all are, together, inside the Trig machine room. This has ended, people. I am the new leader of Playtus, the ruler of justice, and the peacemaker.” I drop my hand over the red button, again.
“Wait!” Dugway touches his lips, “Something ain’t wrong! I kissed Neekim. She tasted like a cherry. A cherry is both sweet and tart,” he views Pox. “Explain that one, dude!”
Pox frowns, shaking his skull. “Hmm! That’s a little intriguing to me! When did she kiss ya?”
Dugway frowns, “During their sexy dance…”
Unakite shakes his curls, “Naw! Their sexy dance was both fast and quick, then we…I had some fun,” he chuckles.
Ametheta pops his bicep, frowning. “What some sexy fun?”
Prewitt frowns, cuddling Gloriette. “Shut it, Unakite!”
Dugway frowns, “The point, I’m able to kiss Neekim, too. I, somehow, should not have been able to enjoy that kiss.”
Custar frowns, punching his arm. “Enjoyed that kiss!?”
Dugway nods, frowning. “I mean, do that thing, Pox. Say something!”
Pox frowns. “This sexy dance? What exactly happened?”
Unakite chuckles and shakes his curls. “Sexy! The twin girls danced in their…”
Custar shouts and fingers the women. “They destroyed it, stopping our love. Young girls, who only want to escape from Playtus, seek both love and happiness. Press the red button for destruction, Gloriette.” She nods with her husband, Dugway. “This will stop all broken hearts, including yours.”
Prewitt nods, saying. “Love and happiness, I want that, too,” nods. “Press the red button for destroying Trig, Gloriette. I can’t live, without you. But, I want other girls on Playtus to have a chance of both love and happiness in their marriage, without Trig and without them,” he fingers the Playtus elderly women.
I hold my cupped hand over the red button, nodding with sad feeling. “Pox, I saw your face inside the image generator. You are really my soul mate,” then I view Prewitt.
His face frowns into sadness.
Pox smiles, shaking his curls. “No! I am not your soul mate, Gloriette. I am a prince of Starrtus. You saw my visual warning. The image generator is a machine, like Trig. The machine transits picture visions, instead of words, to and from our minds through the air’s atmosphere.”
Custar sneers, cuddling into Dugway. “It’s a dang machine. Our lives are not linked to Trig. My life is linked to Dugway. I’m his wife. He’s my husband. And, I’m pregnancy, Mama. I am going to have a baby. Grandmother, the elderly lady in Building 555, confirmed the growing fetus, this morning. I’ve been sick and vomiting, along with stomach acid pains.” She views her mother. “Mama, you were right to mate and match me with Dugway,” she smiles at him then views her mama. “But, you and my kin were wrong to enroll me into Trig. I,” she sobs then says. “I had to murder young girls to keep Dugway. This is not right. This is wrong. I love you, Dugway, with my heart and soul. But, no teen should go this, ever.” She views Gloriette, nodding. “Press the dang button, Gloriette. I will not allow my child to play the facees or die in Trig. Do it!”
Gloriette’s mama exhales, yelling. “You, four, are smart. You, four, have survived Trig and outwitted the cyborgs. You, four, most of all deserve to live and thrive on Playtus and continue the roles of leaders.”
Custar frowns. “Our husbands. Our men-folks. Our sons cannot live and thrive on Playtus. Why is that?”
Gloriette’s mama exhales. “Yes. You are correct. The chemicals used for the formation of sky ships, cellies, and most machine equipment enter through our open passages, such-like nose holes, ear holes, eye sockets. As an infant, we, literally, breathe in the deadly man-made chemicals then the chemicals bond to our atoms. Our atoms are bonded to our genes. Our genes make up a boy or a girl. The girl baby possesses an antibody resistant to the deadly chemical. Therefore, a female baby can live, here. A boy baby cannot, ever. You saw the solo effect, radiation poisoning. The man will die within three days, without exiting from Playtus.” She nods. “Yes. I can read your minds. We experimented extensively with young male babies, injecting the mutated antibody into their gene pool, but we and they both encountered failure. The antibody, only, exists in the female. The boy baby can leave our planet and live on Starrtus or Gambo, healthy and happy. This was discovered, of course, thousands of years ago.”
Custar frowns. “Then, I can’t ever live Playtus, either.”
I stomp my boot, shaking my curls. “Naw! My mama didn’t proclaim that statement, within her storytelling. I’m getting sick and tired of the half-truths mixed in with the missing information. My mama has never lied to me. She just doesn’t paint the entire portrait while never completing her art piece for me to see the art work. We can leave Playtus and live on Starrtus, or Gambo. Us, being there, on Starrtus, proves that working theory. And, we can birth healthy sons, Prewitt, being here with me, proves that working theory, too.”
Gloriette’s mama says with fury. “You destroy Trig. Trig destroys the implant. The implants destroy us. It is that simple.” She holds her faded triangle. “You touch that button then we all die, Gloriette. Our life form is tied to Trig. The implant color faints and wrinkles over time. But, the implant lives under our skin.”
I view my implant, a triangle with the lonely letter A for a belle.
Gloriette’s mama nods, standing taller, looking pious and honorable, sneers. “You dare to kill Trig for your lonely lousy selfishness, Gloriette.”
Prewitt nods. “Heck, yeah! For the both us to be together, forever, even, if it’s inside the pearly gates of heaven. Press the button, Gloriette.”
Unakite races then shoves Gloriette into Prewitt, saying. “I can’t live, without Ametheta. I’d rather die, too.”
We fall on the floor.
Unakite smashes the red button, when everyone gasps then screams in both panic and fear.
Trig sparkles in bright white light then turns, immediately, midnight black.
“No,” Gloriette’s mama yells, stomping forward, and then falls upon the flooring.
I cuddle into Prewitt’s arm.
Prewitt smiles with tears. “I love you, Gloriette. I’ll meet and greet you in heaven.”
I sob, crying tears. “I love you, Prewitt. We did the right thing.”
He nods, viewing the smoking machine. “We did.”
I feel both love and happiness, like a true loving married couple.
The elderly women leaders of Playtus scream then fall on the floor, one-at-a-time.
Custar and Dugway hug each other, standing and sobbing.
Unakite dashes to Ametheta. She kisses and hugs his face with both love and happiness. Since, he is about to die, too, being rigged to Trig. She is a free being of Starrtus. But, they both love each other.
I exhale, sniffing up the snot and tears then inhale air. I breathe in air molecules then breathe out the used carbon dioxide. I frown with confusion.
Phillipina smirks, while Pox stares at directly at Gloriette on the floor.
I exhale then inhale, not feeling pain, like a heart attack, or a headache. Then, I struggle from Prewitt’s cuddle. I stand, viewing Phillipina then Pox. I walk to Trig then halt. I view Phillipina.
She nods.
I hold my hand near the black machine then hesitate. I view her, again.
She nods.
I exhale then gently touch Trig. I feel the coolness of the machine. I see no visual flames or fire or ashes. I frown then lift my hand. I view my hand, seeing normal pink and white, not burned.
I view Phillipina.
She nods.
I touch the machine, feeling coolness of the machine. I view her.
She nods.
I leave my hand on Trig.
She nods.
I nod then laugh. Then, I slide side to side, holding the cool machine.
Prewitt stands, along Gloriette’s mama and the other elderly leaders of Playtus.
I laugh then sob then giggle then smile at Phillipina.
She nods.
I swing towards my mama.
Prewitt frowns, slapping his heart with both hands. “I am alive. I am not dead. Why am I alive?”
I sob with tears, laughing and fingering. “Trig is nothing, but a toaster. Hot for on. Cool for off. The red button turned the wires, circuits, cables, nuts, bolts, and metal off for a cooling down period.”
Unakite nods, fingering and laughing, assists Ametheta to stand. He says. “Dang! A preventive maintenance mode, exchanging any broken wires, or burned circuits.”
“No,” Gloriette’s mama yells, stomping towards her daughter.
I yell, viewing my mama. “Fire! Use your cells! Fire at Trig,” I drag Prewitt with one hand and Custar with the other, out of target range.
The soldiers of Starrtus kneel then fire their armed cells and cellies at Trig.
I cuddle with Prewitt into the wall corner, along with the elderly women of Playtus.
Trig sparkles in red and yellow fire of vertical plumes of heat towards the ceiling then white smoke of steam dances sideways towards the black walls.
Pox orders, fingering the wall. “Open the wall for our escape. The stairway is too danger along with the elevators.”
The soldiers turn the fire upon the wall in short order creating a lovely ugly semi-round hole. Then, a funeral sleigh hovers near the burning opening. The Starrtus soldiers dump hoses of water.
Pox orders. “Load onto the sleigh. It’s safe.” He turns to Phillipina. “Mother, may I have this dance?” he leads her towards the broken window and funeral sleigh.
I jump up with Prewitt, racing behind Pox and Phillipina.
Custar and Dugway follow us plus Unakite and Ametheta finally leap unto the funeral sleigh with an honor guard unit.
The sleigh lands on the ground away from Building One.

6:01 am. sunrise. Building Two.

I step off the platform, so the sleigh can raise and rescue my mama, too. I cuddle into Prewitt’s arms, watching the sleigh successfully save the elderly leaders of Playtus from the burning tower.
We stand around the green lawn of my former house, Building Two near the tree house as Building One smokes and burns. Then, the DOB fire trucks arrive, watering down the flames.
I gasp then view Phillipina. She watches the building burn, too. I say. “Grandmother used the preventive maintenance schedule to get the young girls off out Playtus.”
Gloriette’s mama stomps towards her daughter, sneering and smelling of smoke. “You are correct, Gloriette. The old bat hacked into the mainframe then coordinated the escape of hundreds of young females from their biological mothers, right before the Starrtus sky ships left our fair city.”
I gasp, nodding at Pox. “That’s the reason for you visiting Playtus for a short period of time. Starrtus is responsible for the machine’s mechanic parts and repairs.” I slap my jeans. “Of course, you send in the females, since the males can’t breathe in our polluted air molecules. That’s how you knew, where we were. That’s how you knew, where to park your sky-ships. And, that’s how you got the young girls off of Playtus.” I view my mama. “That’s how you didn’t know,” I chuckle with Prewitt.
Gloriette’s mama frowns, nodding. “We just learned of the escaping belles, two days, ago. The mothers never tattled bout the fate of their leaving daughters.
I frown. “The happy fate of their beloved daughters, Mother! Each mother sacrificed her love for her only child, while you encouraged nothing but more slavery of children. You make me sick, Mama. You have killed your own citizens, your own children, and your own civilization. I’m leaving from Playtus with Prewitt. We’re getting married and being happy forever.”
Gloriette’s mama smiles, nodding. “You still cannot touch his soft pink honey sweetened lips, darling. The iron ore mineral from the metal implant lives and breathes inside your body, Gloriette, which is used to trigger the machine, even if, you have managed to kill Trig. Ha-ha! You have sweated and sacrificed all for naught,” she laughs at her daughter.
I frown, viewing Phillipina with sadness and disappointment. “Is that true, princess?”
Phillipina nods. “I am afraid so. The implant is a mineral from the earth. Trig is a machine of steel from the same earth soil. And, both metal compositions are linked, together, to create the mind visions plus the image-generator does at a very low level. However, you should test your mama’s working theory for yourself, Gloriette and Prewitt.”
I frown, viewing Phillipina, then my mama, and finally Prewitt. “I wanna try to kiss.”
Prewitt cuddles Gloriette, smiling and nodding. “I wanna big wet kiss, doll.” He closes his lips around her.
I taste peaches.
We surface and smile goofy at each other. I shout. “I taste peaches. I love you, Prewitt.”
“I taste peaches, too. We’re the same. I’m marrying you, Gloriette. Let’s go back to Gambo for our wedding ceremony,” He views Gloriette’s mama. “I don’t like it, here on Playtus.”
I nod, sneering at her, too. “Good-bye, Mama! Enjoy your sorry childless life, here.”
Unakite views the ground with sadness then releases Amtheta. “You should go back home to Starrtus, countess. I’m glad to be rid of Trig, too,” He studies his hand, seeing the triangle with the letters A, and B.
Ametheta frowns then views Pox. “I don’t wanna marry you, Pox.”
Pox nods, smiling and raising his hand. He shows off a wedding band. “I don’t wanna marry you, either, Ametheta. I am sorry for avoiding your love advances all these long year. I just didn’t have the black heart to tell ya, countess. And, I am recently married after you stole away on the sky ship.” He slaps the tall male on his back muscles. “Meet my husband!”
I dash and hug Pox. “Congratulations, Prince Pox and mate!”
Pox hugs then releases Gloriette, nodding. “Thank you! Go and enjoy your new life away from Trig, Playtus, and your mother.”
Phillipina waves her arms. “Starrtus citizens and any new guests wanting off Playtus, it is time for us to leave, here, forever. Please, load onto the sleighs for transportation.” She views Gloriette’s mama, frowning. “I am not sorry. All of you have lived and learned a tragic life lesson, always love and care for your own biological children, first and foremost.”
Prewitt and I race towards an empty sleigh then sit and then scoot together on the edge, wrapped into each the other’s arms, kissing in our love and happiness. Then, Prewitt pulls from her, frowning.
He kneecaps on the racing sleigh, slapping both hands over his clothing, not smiling. Gloriette frowns, watching him. He places both his hands over the left pocket of his torn and dirty blue jacket, smiling at her. Prewitt says. “I forgot to ask you a question.”
I part my lips. “What kind of question?”
He smiles, drawing the diamond on a golden round ring from his left pocket. He studies the ring then her. Then, he raises the ring into her face. “Beautiful Gloriette, will you marry me and live with my family on Gambo for all our cherished days of life?”
I smile, extending my hand, when Prewitt places the diamond ring on my ring finger of the hand. I say. “Where did the ring come from? Have you been toting it around all this time?”
He holds her engaged ring hand, patting the jacket pocket, nodding. “I came to Trig for a marriage. You can’t get married, without the right ring or the right girl.”
I smile, hugging his body then kissing his lips. “After all we’ve through, both the death and life of living, I wanna be the right girl for you, too. I love you, Prewitt. I wanna marry you on Gambo at your farm.”
He smiles, nodding. “And, meeting all my kinfolks, I gots lots of family, a big family…”
“…a dozen siblings.”
He nods, grinning. “Yeah! How’da ya know? I’m first born child with six brothers and three sisters.”
I smile. “I want a big family, too.”
Unakite laughs at us, hugging Ametheta. Ametheta smiles, nodding at Gloriette. Then, Unakite kneecaps, too, in front of Ametheta, dipping his hand into the deep bottom of his pocket. He withdraws a diamond ring, too, raising it into her face, smiling. “I’m not a prince of peace, but a redneck of happiness. This was my grandma’s diamond. She left it for me to give to my girl, who wants to see my sunrise then my sunset, and then my shiny moon hover over my large corn farm on Gambo with me. Do ya want be my girl, Ametheta? ‘Cuz, I want ya to be my girl, too, since I really love you with my soul and heart,” he smiles, nodding with a goofy grin.
Ametheta looks at the ring, then at Gloriette, and then at Unakite. Then, she smiles and extends her finger, nodding. “I wanna be your girl, too, Unakite, since I love ya with my soul and heart as well.” He shoves the ring into her finger then kisses her lips.
The funeral sleighs hover then land in front of the three Starrtus sky ships, when I gallop up the ramp holding Prewitt’s hand, singing and smiling with love and happiness.



The end
