




THE SHOEBOX PURSUIT
FOOTSTEPS AND SHADOWS




By
Benjamin Maxwell





Copyright © B.Maxwell
INTRODUCTION

Much as life does, a story can unfold in an infinite variety of ways. From time to time there is romance. Every now and again there is adventure. And on occasion, if you’re lucky enough, there is genuine happiness. It is easy to find picturesque tales filled with damsels in distress, trapped in high and crooked towers, isolated and long-suffering as they wait to be rescued by the pompous and shallow male lead. And it’s just as simple to happen upon spine-chilling horrors that go bump in the night, overflowing with grueling monsters, flimsy heroes and a myriad of disposable victims. We, unfortunately, stray somewhere between the two. So we begin again…
It is now January 1944, and the wrath of the war still scorns the earth. Almost a year has passed since the incredible day Charlie Crumble and Billy Random crossed paths. Needless to say, Charlie and the boys had got rather sidetracked of late, with daring rescues, covert missions and straight-up face to face combat hindering their journey. The passing months had been blood splattered, soul destroying and downright weird to unqualified levels for the dynamic unit. They had all been warned when they took on the Alpha-Omega missions that they should expect the absolute worst conditions. But they had assumed those perils, as deadly as they may be, and as heavy as they would hit, would at least be grounded in reality! They were wrong. Sure enough, their quest had hauled them from their concept of sanity and opened up a world they did not recognise, leading them through dungeons of mass torture, revealing beasts beyond their comprehension, and forcing them down a path that would change them all forever. 
But now they were back on their grand pursuit, high-tailing it towards their final goal, and my - what a rough road it had become. Since their encounter with the Nazi-wolves, more and more of ‘His’ projects had thwarted their missions and delayed their progress. Perhaps it was a distraction, perhaps it was all part of some as yet unknown master-plan, or perhaps it was simply for nothing more than ‘His’ own sick amusement. It was anyone’s guess. Conventional missions it seems, were a luxury they could not afford.
Yet in the here and now, things were very real indeed. Rumours and whispers had set them back on course, leading them further along their pursuit. Deep in the heart of Germany, a country now barely recognisable due to the terror it housed, the story continued to play out. In the midst of a torrential rain storm, in the dead of night, beneath a jagged cliff edge and surrounded by the burnt and sparse remains of a once glorious forest, our heroes Charlie, the geek Specks, and the American brothers, Yankee and Doodle, were once again fighting off a small squad of Nazi soldiers. 
Charlie looked ever the hero. Despite the awful conditions that he had suffered over the passing months, he still looked healthy, clean, and rather handsome - posing more like a Hollywood film star than the humble and dedicated English soldier he really was. Specks, as the boys had come to expect, was not wielding a weapon of any sort. His glasses had clearly been broken several times, and the man still looked very out of place in such a situation. But despite that, he was right where he should be, one step away from Charlie, ready and willing to throw an abundance of ideas at his Captain upon request. Yankee and Doodle, however, were doing what they did best - pointing and shooting at bad guys. Pistols in both hands, as loud and wild as ever, firing at will, and giving the Nazis the hell they deserved. Billy, however, was nowhere to be seen. 
Unfortunately for the group, their hunt had led them so far astray from the rest of the war, that they had not come across an ally of any sorts for months. They were very much on their own. Yet unluckily for them, enemies were in abundance. But for an assembly such as this, who had seen wonders of delight that the rest of us only get to see in our dreams, and witnessed atrocities of pure ghastliness that haunt our darkest of nightmares, a small squad of ‘normal’ Nazi soldiers was an easy day’s work. 
So, without further delay, let’s get back into it…
CHAPTER ONE

It was night, and the fight was tight and contained. However, for a group as skilled and experienced as themselves, there was no great peril for the Alpha-Omega squad. But it had been a long trawl and the men had very limited resources - bullets were low, rations no longer existed and Yankee and Doodle were the only two still retaining their helmets. The group were backed up to the base of the cliff, but this was just another day’s work for them. Yankee and Doodle had taken the liberty and called dibs on the majority of the bad guys. They had the situation well in hand, shooting wildly in the direction of the enemy - Yankee gripping his sub-machine gun tightly, and Doodle with his pistols, one in each hand, the brothers not letting up for one moment, never allowing the Nazis time or chance to aim and fire back. Nevertheless, without their knowing, two soldiers had managed to flank their perimeter, and were now currently engaged in combat with Charlie and Specks.
The unlikely fighting duo had strategically placed themselves back to back, staring off their enemy. Charlie was in contest with a rather short, but incredibly solid looking Nazi, whilst Specks dabbled in a dodge-or-die game with a gigantic soldier, who looked as thick as he was wide, and had fists the size of the poor geek’s head. Charlie had resorted to boxing tactics, having moments ago disarmed both Nazis, allowing him and Specks at least a fighting chance. The Captain attacked, punching the solid Nazi multiple times in the rib cage and stomach. But he took it with ease, striking back, throwing a balled-up fist twice across Charlie’s face, hard - and it hurt! He staggered back a little, dizzied. But at the exact same time the gigantic soldier had attempted to attack Specks, who swiftly ducked into a terrified ball on the floor, allowing the massive punch to sail over the top of his head and wallop Charlie directly in the centre of his back. SMACK! He went down, yelping in pain, shocked at the unseen thump. He looked at Specks, utterly flabbergasted. 
‘He’s supposed to be yours,’ said Charlie. Specks peered out from behind his cower, merely pushing up his glasses in response. ‘I must not be living right!’ the Captain proclaimed, wiping the blood from his lip and stretching out the pain from his back.
The gigantic soldier literally jumped over Specks and lunged forward, throwing out a  slapdash, heavy kick in the direction of the floored Charlie. But Charlie grabbed the leg, stopping the boot mere inches from his own face. Instinctively he twisted it, and with all his strength, he sent the brute straight to the ground. But both the Captain and the giant were on their feet in a matter of seconds. Immediately they went for each other, wrestling like a couple of grizzly bears, sliding around in the wet mud. The gigantic soldier landed a few punches to Charlie’s torso, lifting him from the ground with each thump. But luckily for Charlie, the skirmish caused the brutes helmet to come off, and he grabbed the opportunity. Snatching the helmet before it reached the ground, he swung with all his might and smashed it into the Nazi’s head. The impact was so intense the helmet cracked apart against his skull, and the giant was unconscious before he hit the ground.
Charlie spun on the spot, ready to tackle the next one. But the situation caused him to pause his actions. The short solid Nazi had been waiting for him, with Specks hostage, his neck in his hands, ready to snap at his chosen time. Charlie swiftly assessed his options.
‘You okay, Specks?’ he asked, outright.
‘Yes, Captain,’ he coughed in a weak trembling reply. ‘Given the gravity of the situation, that is.’
‘You know this is karma for allowing me to get sucker-punched in the back earlier! Right?’ Charlie joked, taking a bold step forward.
‘Don’t move, English swine,’ ordered the Nazi with a confident voice. ‘Or I’ll…’
‘Okay, okay,’ interrupted Charlie, raising his hands in the air and backing away a little. ‘Excuse my manners. I don’t think I’ve properly introduced myself. My name is Charlie. But you can call me Captain Crumble. And the innocent little fellow in your hands, that you are all too eager to snap in two, is my good friend and Science Officer, Specks. He is very intelligent, rather sensible, a right bore if I’m honest. Much more of a thinker than a fighter.’ Charlie dared a sideways step, causing the Nazi to shift uncomfortably, adding further pressure on his hold, causing the small man to quietly squeal. ‘I have a few other friends with me,’ continued Charlie with his rant. ‘They’re Americans. And as much as I love them, they aren’t particularly intelligent. They don’t overly think things through, and they aren’t remotely sensible. They fight first, and ask questions later. Much later. Too late, if I’m honest.’ He chuckled to himself at the thought.
‘What are you getting at, you English buffoon?’ sneered the Nazi.
‘Yes, sir. I’m… afraid I… I do agree. What are you getting at?’ concurred Specks.
‘It’s rather quiet, don’t you think?’ asked Charlie, a hush in his voice, contemplating his statement. 
And he was right. The sound of nearby gunfire had long ceased. One way or another, someone had won that gunfight, and Charlie was ever the optimist. 
‘Specks, I would highly recommend you don’t move.’
Charlie unexpectedly ducked to the ground and covered his head with his arms, just as the deafening sound of exceptionally close gunfire filled the air. And just as quickly as it came, all went quiet. Charlie took a daring look. There stood Specks, in the same position, the Nazi soldier still holding him. But Yankee and Doodle were now in sight, a little way in the background, pistols pointed in their direction, with smoking barrels. And then it happened - the short solid Nazi soldier slumped over on top of Specks, dead and bloody. 
‘Goddamn, that was close,’ yelled Yankee, absurdly loud, marching towards Specks and pushing the dead soldier from him.
‘What you talkin’ about, close? I was aiming for lil’ Specks, here,’ chuckled Doodle, slapping the geek affectionately on the back. ‘You okay, buddy?’
Specks couldn’t stomach a reply. He was a quivering wreck, and stared wide eyed at the dead body at his feet in incredulity, gawping at the exit holes covering his torso and the scuff mark on the shoulder of his own uniform that he suspected was the doing of one of the brother’s rogue bullets. The boys grabbed the geek, pushing and nudging him over to Charlie.
‘Area secure, sir,’ they said in unison, changing their tone and sounding rather professional for a change. 
Charlie nodded, acknowledging their efforts. Without order they all took a moment to compose themselves. Charlie was muddy and freshly bruised, though it was almost impossible to tell. He was busy straightening up his uniform and pulling his rain soaked hair from his face. Specks was quiet and stunned from his close call - no matter how long he had been doing this, he would never be able to adapt to such heinous acts. Yankee and Doodle were both unscathed from the latest clash, already reloading their weapons and slickly holstering them. The group were all drenched, alone and isolated in the thunderstorm. As for Billy, he was still nowhere to be seen. He must have stuck to his word and gone his own way the first chance he had got. Although… 
All of  sudden a shower of gunshots sounded overhead. The group looked up to the cliff edge, hearing what appeared to be a rather brutal skirmish playing out. Punches sounded, guns went off, painful yells and screams called out, and even the occasional pistol fell over the edge, landing at Charlie’s feet. Eventually all went quiet. Charlie and the boys waited patiently, the brothers ready with their weapons, just in case. Then moments later, Billy appeared, not heroically or majestically in any sense of the words. Instead he was being half dangled over the cliff by a bloodied Nazi, holding him from the scruff of the neck, whilst a second soldier, looking equally as beaten, stood with a gun aimed at the young man’s head. Billy was still wearing the same getup - shirt, tie, trousers, dog-tags around neck, all topped off with his messy black hair. And of course, he still had that strange metallic arm on show. It would seem that after the events of the Nazi-wolves on the train that fateful night, Billy had had a change of heart, and stayed the course with Charlie and the boys. 
‘Oh, hey fellas,’ he yelled down, on sight of his friends.
‘Hello, Billy,’ called out Charlie, sounding peeved with the boy.
‘So, Charlie… these guys have caught me,’
‘Yes, I can see that quite clearly, Billy,’ he replied again, definitely unimpressed.
The Nazi with the gun randomly booted Billy in the back several times.
‘And this guy’s kicking me,’ continued Billy.
‘Yes, that is also quite clear.’
‘These guys wouldn’t do this if they knew who I was.’
Charlie looked at his men, shaking his head in incredulity at the situation. He could see Yankee and Doodle holding back laughter behind massive grins. 
‘Billy, even you don’t know who you are,’ he answered back, causing the brothers to chuckle. ‘How many of them up there?’
‘Erm…’ Billy awkwardly arched his head round and looked at the eight Nazi soldiers lying face down on the floor, who he had only moments ago taken out single-handedly. Dead or unconscious, they were no longer a threat to him. ‘That’s a matter of opinion. Could you rephrase the question, please?’
‘Just deal with it, Billy,’ snapped the Captain, finally boring of the conversation.
‘Yes, sir,’ replied Billy, a smile stretching across his face. 
It should have been impressive, and in many ways it was, but it was more messy than anything. Using his metal arm, as he knew it had by far the most clout, in the blink of an eye Billy smashed the gun from the Nazi’s hand - it shattered to pieces. He grabbed him by the scruff of his uniform and yanked him over the cliff edge, sending him straight to his death. But the move was dangerous, clumsy, and the Nazi holding Billy lost his footing. In an effort to save himself the soldier let go, but Billy was quick, he reached out, grabbing the gutless man by the legs and dragging him down with him. The pair fell, bouncing off the side of the cliff as they went. 
‘Aim for the bushes,’ shouted the brothers. 
Billy moved fast, grabbing the Nazi and pulling him in close. He booted them both away from the surface of the cliff, and for a brief moment all was quiet as they soared like birds through the night sky, the men below watching with open mouths at the stunt. But the moment was over all too soon. The pair smashed into the very top of one of the burnt out trees, the branches snapping in the tumble. They rolled through it in a chaotic spin before falling out the other side. It was a brief drop, but just enough time for Billy to twist them both around and place himself on top of the Nazi, using him like a human mattress. They landed on a large bush, semi-breaking their fall. Again they rolled over the top of the thing before finally crumpling onto the muddy ground, Billy landing rather fortunately on top of the Nazi. The boys quickly rushed over and roughly yanked Billy off the unbelievably dead soldier, and onto his back.
‘Billy. Can you speak?’ asked Charlie. Billy was staring bug-eyed into the heavens above without blinking, in spite of the heavy rain falling on his face. ‘Come on, boy. Snap out of it.’
‘Is it over?’ he spoke, in barely a whisper.
The American brothers burst into laughter and yanked the young man up from the floor, instantly applauding him.
‘Billy, that was truly excellent,’ remarked Yankee.
‘Random, you rode that Nazi like a surfboard from hell!’ added Doodle.
‘I tell ya, Boom Crash Boy, this one’s going on my Billy Random Reckless list. Specks, do your thing.’ Yankee slapped Specks on the back, instigating him to pull out a small pad and pencil.
‘Damn straight. This one is going in my top ten. Right next to being completely submerged underwater for well over ten minutes, surviving a horse stampede, and my personal favourite, sailing a landlocked boat down an avalanche. Now, that was a day and a half!’ Doodle nudged Specks to hurry with his record keeping.  
Billy couldn’t muster the strength to reply. He was winded and leant himself on Specks, who was pushing his glasses back up his nose and studying the situation, whilst scribbling in his pad. 
‘With terrain such as this…’ he began, his eyes flickering up and down the cliff edge. ‘From a drop of such an altitude as that… multiplied with the weight of two fully grown men… accelerating under the gravitational pull of the earth… and probably falling at a speed of approximately…’ But the men were already looking at him with a mixture of boredom and confusion. ‘Oh. Right. Maybe that’s best left for my journal. Summing up… It’s remarkable Billy is still alive,’ he finished. 
‘Let alone in one piece!’ remarked Charlie, shaking his head in dismay. ‘Do you have any idea how stupid that was? You could have been killed.’
But then something happened that no one was expecting.
They all heard a single gun shot. It echoed across the land. The squad looked around, confused, desperate to make out where it had come from. But then Specks slumped a little. Billy grabbed him, slowly lowering him to the floor, as his body went limp.
‘Captain?’ the man whimpered in confusion. 
Yankee caught sight of something out the corner of his eye and pointed. Perched above them, high on the cliff edge, was a somewhat large soldier aiming a sniper rifle in their direction. He was huge, and wore a rather distinct eye patch over one of his eyes. And to the squad he was very familiar indeed. He was the One Eyed Man. Charlie glared at the fiend. 
‘Take him down,’ ordered the Captain, through gritted teeth.
The brothers opened fire. Their anger tore from their weapons, and every blast from every generous shot they took drowned out their profanities. But the sniper was quick, and ducked away, disappearing from plain sight. 
Specks was now lying flat on his back, looking pale as a ghost. Without thought, Charlie ripped open the geek’s jacket. The bottom half of his shirt was soaked in blood. He pulled it up, revealing a bullet hole in the right hand side of his stomach. Everyone gasped.
‘Captain?’ he whimpered again, looking up at Charlie in hope.
But before Charlie had the chance to think up some reassuring words to say, Specks closed his eyes, and his head rolled to one side. 
CHAPTER TWO

The elite squadron earnestly raced through the raging storm - they needed shelter, they needed help and they needed it fast! Billy led the way, a fair few metres up ahead, barely visible due to the incredibly harsh weather conditions that were pummeling the group from every possible direction. He swore blind he had seen a building of some sorts from his vantage point on the cliff top just moments ago. Yankee and Doodle were locked and loaded, almost permanently stuck in a repeating twist, circling their Captain whilst scanning the surrounding area for any kind of threat, like a loud mouthed rotating human shield. In the centre of the protective bodyguards was Charlie, moving with great speed, clutching the now unconscious Specks like a sleeping baby in his arms. The Captain’s hands were drenched in blood, and he could feel the warmth quickly escaping from the small man’s body.
‘This way,’ yelled Billy, though it was hard to be certain of his words from the noise of the storm. ‘I’m sure it was this way.’
The storm savaged the area, like a bitter tempest churning up everything in it’s path. Lightning bolts streaked across the sky, momentarily illuminating the way, yet allowing nothing more than a brief tease of hope and direction. But just then a single and dazzling white streak of lightning erupted from the clouds above, heading straight towards the ground. It struck down, igniting the terrain just next to Billy. The flash of the impact was blinding and the noise unbelievable. 
‘Jeez,’ he yelped, hopping to one side in a delayed and rather vain attempt to dodge the thing. But then another struck down, just inches away from the soldier - so close he could feel the heat! ‘Jesus!’ he remarked, louder and more frightened this time. And before he could catch his breath, a third attack hit the ground, the proximity so extreme this time that his skin was literally tingling. ‘Christ!’ he screamed, automatically leaping into a jump and roll. He stood up and cursed the skies, raising his gloved fist in anger. His blasphemies were a rather restrained reaction, given the severity of the situation.
‘Get your head back in the game, Billy,’ ordered Charlie, who was swiftly catching up with the young man. 
Vigorously shaking off the close encounter, Billy sped up his search, perhaps because of how close Specks was to being lost, or perhaps to evade his own potential execution via the storm. But he was all too eager. And gradually as he moved further and faster than the others he began to fade into the curtain of rain that was pouring down. The men called out to slow him, to turn around, to come back, but he must not have heard them over the almost unbroken rolls of thunder. Until finally he was completely gone from plain sight. On losing visuals with Billy the remainder of the group burst their charge into an all out sprint, racing onwards, doubling their efforts to try and draw level. But no matter how fast they went they couldn’t find Billy. He was gone. 
‘Stop moving before we all get lost,’ ordered Charlie, skidding himself to a halt. ‘Damn that kid.’ He was breathing heavily, clearly exhausted. ‘Come on Specks. Stay with me buddy,’ he said, clutching his passenger ever closer in a desperate attempt to pass over some of his own strength into the little man’s fading heart. The brothers began calling out for Billy, their voices desperate, panic-stricken, but there was no reply. They turned to their Captain, anxious for another order. 
‘What do we do?’ asked Yankee, troubled.
Charlie couldn’t answer. Specks needed shelter, warmth and supplies. And he had none to offer him.
‘Cap’n?’ furthered Doodle, stepping forward, a vexed look imprinted on his face as his eyes flickered from Specks to Charlie, and back again.
At long last Charlie opened his mouth to answer, but was grateful to be cut off.
‘Over here,’ hollered Billy’s distant voice.
Charlie spun around on the spot, facing what he thought was the direction of the call. He burst back into a sprint, with the brothers hot on his heels, tripling their efforts to get to some kind of sanctuary. Billy’s voice kept calling out, and with every step they took it got louder. And finally, thankfully, they caught sight of the young man. He was waving his arms around wildly, standing in front of a pair of exceedingly tall iron gates. The squad quickly rushed over to join him. 
There was very little time to take it all in, but they all saw it nonetheless. They knew now was not the time to stand and stare, but the scene was looming, demanding their attention. A high and mighty wall stretched as far as the eye could see in both directions. It was thick, heavy set, and had an abundance of weed and foliage growing all along it. Only the towering iron gates allowed any kind of insight into what laid behind the great wall. They peered into the grounds with wide eyes. A lengthy way down a muddy stretch of path sat an aged and crumbling mansion. It was massive, boasting waning flecks of beauty here and there, with a great variety of illustrious annexes and outhouses jutting out from either side. At the very top of the building sat a lofty and all-too-thin crooked tower, protruding from the roof high into the night sky, making the place look very unbalanced. The building was probably once glamorous, and perhaps housed sophisticated dinner parties and other such celebrations at one point in its existence. But now it looked abandoned, decades old, and badly damaged from the wrath of the war. As a result it was unsightly, unwelcoming, and downright sinister. But it was good enough for them.
‘It ain’t the Hilton…’ began Yankee, in a dreadful attempt to lighten the mood, but instead merely emphasizing his impeccably bad timing.
‘Shut it,’ commanded Charlie, in no mood for the boy’s humour, his concern for Specks escalating to the point of panic. 
‘Gate’s chained shut,’ pointed out Billy, pulling on a thick chain that was wrapped around the iron bars several times over.
Doodle stepped forward, pulling his pistol from its holster and shunting Billy to one side. He aimed at the chain at point blank range and fired a single shot. The chain crumpled to the floor, broken. Without orders the three men began to push the heavy gates open between them. The rusty metal was heavy, awkward, and resisted their efforts. But eventually it moved, creaking and groaning as it went. The group took a few steps into the grounds, and looked across at their nearby destination. Once again the sky lit up in an abundance of lightning, cracks, streaks, decorating the sky directly above the mansion. It could have been their imagination, or perhaps it could have been a trick of the light, but for a very brief moment there was so much lightning intertwining in and amongst the heavens, that it almost looked like an ominous face was being drawn in the sky, momentarily glaring down at the isolated soldiers. All but Charlie took a rather nervous gulp.
‘Let’s move,’ he barked, barging past them all, and ignoring his own concern over what he just witnessed. 
They all bolted down the mud path, their boots splashing through puddles and mounds of built-up dirt. Either side of the path was a deep swamp, which seemed to surround the entirety of the mansion, and was almost breaking over the top of the walkway. Dirty, bloody water gushed about the place, forming small black rivers running through various courtyards and dead gardens. Billy looked back behind him and couldn’t help but feel concerned as the iron gates slowly closed all by themselves. He hastily shook it off, summing it up to the weather, following Charlie and the boys down the path. Now they were that much closer to the building it seemed even more daunting. But right now all thoughts had to be on Specks. 
They reached the mansion. Charlie ran up the few steps leading on to the porch. He didn’t bother looking at the boarded-up windows, or the barbed wire running all along either side of the porch, or the bullet holes in the woodwork. All he was looking at was the entrance - a pair of doors that were nailed shut with wooden planks. With a long deep breath he positioned himself, before booting the doors in. They swung open, and as creepy as it might seem, it actually sounded like the house was exhaling like a ghastly old witch taking a long-awaited breath. Billy and the brothers gulped again, feeling categorically uneasy. They peered inside, cautious. There was nothing but darkness. Normally Charlie would carefully assess the situation before charging in, but there was no time. And to the rest of his men’s surprise he dashed inside the building. As hesitant as they were, the rest of the squad followed, the doors instantly slamming closed behind them.
 Inside was dim, cold and musty. But Charlie’s eyes were keen. The hallway was grand, with high ceilings and beautiful paintings plastered all over the walls. Directly in front of them all were two staircases - one leading upstairs towards a crooked old grandfather clock that wasn’t working, and the other led downstairs, into nothing but a blanket of darkness. All around them were doors, leading to who knows where, but Charlie dashed to the right, through a large yet rather unstable looking alcove. The room was just as dark as the rest of the house, but an ancient and expensive looking fireplace, with gold framings and beautiful carvings running throughout it was prominent in the room. Charlie placed Specks gently down in front of the grand feature on a thick rug. Even in this darkness the patient looked noticeably sick.
For a very brief moment no one said anything. All that could be heard was their individual exhausted breathing. They were dog-tired, soaked to the bone and freezing cold. But they didn’t seem to notice. All eyes were glued to Specks, who looked even more tiny and fragile than he had ever done before. Charlie’s brain was going a mile a minute as he processed everything, his eyes flickering from left to right as he assessed the situation and the options, staring at his bloody hands in horror. 
He pulled himself together and got to it.
‘Yankee, I want this fire going, and I want it going now. Burn anything you can. I don’t care if you have to rip out the staircase, or pull up the floor boards. Get me some heat in here asap,’ ordered Charlie, his voice firm. ‘Doodle, get some lights going. Candles. Lamps. Whatever comes to hand. I can barely see my own nose! And something tells me I’m going to need to see what I’m doing!’ he continued. ‘And Billy, I need supplies and I need them quick. You know what to get.’ 
‘But how do you expect me to…’ harped up Billy.
But Charlie raised his hand, abruptly silencing the young man. He pointed at Billy, then firmly to the hallway they had just come from. All three men looked at him, waiting, hesitant to move. 
‘NOW,’ he shouted.
Startled, they all jumped to attention and hurried to their tasks.
Charlie turned his attention to Specks. Instinctively he took off his own jacket, rolled it into a ball and gently placed it behind Specks’ head. He quietly lifted up the man’s shirt again and watched in dismay as blood continued to seep far too generously from the wound. Why was it still bleeding? He looked around, snatching a ghastly looking cover from a nearby chaise longue. It was dusty beyond belief, causing Charlie to cough as he inhaled the cloud of dirty air. He wrapped the cover up into a tight ball, then placed it over the wound, putting a great deal of pressure on it.
‘Billy,’ Charlie bellowed out into the house. ‘Move it.’ But there was no reply. 
Specks’ lips began to tremble, and gradually he started to mumble a string of incoherent words. Charlie lent in close and listened. It was hard to make out at first, but slowly Specks began to make sense. He was repeating the same words over and over again. ‘The… bullet… is… still… inside.’
Charlie pulled himself away, a grave look on his face, the information sinking in all too fast. He knew what he had to do.
‘Doodle, where’s my light?’
‘Right here, sir,’ he replied, dashing into the room, carrying a pair of lit candlesticks. He placed them either side of Charlie and Specks, offering very little light to the situation. 
‘Good lad, good lad,’ said Charlie. ‘Now go help your brother.’
Doodle hurried off into the house, after his brother, without question. But truth be told, the order was more for Charlie’s benefit than anyone else. He didn’t want an audience watching him when he made his next move - he was scared. 
Charlie lifted off the now blood-soaked cover, throwing it to one side. He looked at the wound. It was still oozing blood. Charlie had big hands, too big for a procedure as delicate as this, but he didn’t trust anyone more than himself to risk Specks’ life. There was no choice - he was going in. He moved himself closer, ready to operate. But his hands were shaking. For a second he studied them, gazing at the things like he had never seen them before. He took three deep breaths, slowing his heart rate and calming himself. And as he did so his hands stopped shaking - they were his to control. At a snail’s pace, as delicate as he could possibly be, he pushed a thumb and a finger into the wound. He had very little idea what he was doing, and he hoped to God he didn’t do more damage than good. This was all new to him. It was warm, wet and everything felt identical, soft, squishy, alien. Further he pushed, cringing as he went, hopeful in his efforts. Until finally, at long last he felt it - something that did not belong there - a cold hard lump lodged in amongst the flesh - the bullet. He kept himself composed, regulating his breathing so as not to make any unnecessary movements. Carefully he moved his fingers either side of the bullet, squeezing a good grip on the thing. He wasn’t confident in his actions, yet bit by bit he started to pull the thing out, until he was done. He looked at it briefly, glaring at the bloody metal in the palm of his hand, before flicking it into the darkness of the room. He looked down at Specks, who looked close to death. The wound was now in an appalling state. 
‘Billy,’ Charlie bellowed yet again.
‘Okay, okay. I’m here,’ replied Billy, entering the room at speed, carrying a drawer load of what could only be described as stuff.
He dropped it down, right next to Specks, before himself dropping to his knees. Neither of them spoke. Everything was instinct. Billy and Charlie sifted through the draw. It was limited. But whatever they were going to do, they had to do it fast. Charlie pulled out an almost empty bottle of gin, along with some duct tape - a lucky find. Whilst at the same time Billy pulled out some old and rusted copper wiring. It looked unsanitary, but it was their only option. If they had more time available maybe they could find something better in the confines of the house to use for such a delicate operation. But they hadn’t. This was going to be messy.
‘Charlie, are you sure about this?’ asked Billy, staring down at the wound.
‘No,’ he replied firmly. ‘But when was the last time we could be sure about anything?’
‘What happens if he is bleeding internally?’
‘We’d better pray he’s not.’
Billy snatched the bottle of gin and poured it all over the wound. Charlie took hold of either side of the abrasion and pinched it together as best he could, the two separate pieces of flesh pushing together and forming a small lip. Billy unraveled what little copper wiring he had, and straightened it out. Quickly he jabbed it into the lip, piercing the flesh, coming out the other side. Specks winced in pain, even in his unconscious state. Billy apologised under his breath, before quickly bending the wire around and repeating the process, over and over, until he had wired from one end of the wound all the way to the other and tied it into a knot. It looked ugly and rough, but the hole was at least closed. Billy swapped roles with his Captain, placing his hands on either side of the wound, supporting the copper wiring, keeping the hole firmly closed, whilst Charlie ripped the duct tape into thin strips. Swiftly he moved, taping up the makeshift surgery as tightly as he could, again and again, until none of the wound was visible.
They sat back, finished. They wished they could have dealt with the situation with a great deal more elegance and skill, instead of like a pair of mechanics tackling an old banger with hammers and fists. But either way they had done their best. They went quiet, exhausted, terrified, yet relieved. They stared at the little man in great concern, neither one of them uttering a word. And just then the fire ignited to life. They hadn’t not noticed the brother’s efforts in getting it going. The fire quickly flooded the room in a dim orange glow, gradually filling the area in a welcomed warmth. Yankee and Doodle sat themselves down next to Charlie and Billy, staying unusually quiet. All eyes were on Specks, who was bloodied and pale, but alive. There was nothing more to do than wait.
CHAPTER THREE

Time passed, the hour was late, not that it was entirely possible to distinguish anything through the devastating storm that was consuming everything in sight. The grandfather clock standing broken at the top of the stairs in the sanctuary of the mansion only made matters worse, with all its long, thin hands stuck in the upwards position, suggesting somewhere close to midnight. 
Outside the confines of the stately home the tempest continued to grow, relentless as it ravaged the already damaged landscape. Rain poured down from the sky, winds gusted in every direction, whilst a wealth of lightning lit up the heavens. The ominous iron gates that had so eagerly slammed shut behind the squad shifted awkwardly on their hinges, barely staying upright. The swamp, which had now broken over the top of the pathway, and flooded the grounds, had as a result caused a treacherously deep divide between the manor and the rest of the world. The soldiers inside were cut off. The house itself was taking a fair beating. Tiles flew from the rooftop, slatted window screen doors flailed around, back and forth, and even the crooked tower at the top of the building swayed a little. Truly this was a storm to end all storms. 
Inside the mansion the storm filled the building with many eerie and bizarre sounds as it crashed down upon it. The whole structure seemed to be creaking and cracking from every nook and cranny, from high up in the rooftop, right down to the floorboards beneath their very feet. Sure enough, the men who were taking refuge inside were deeply unsettled at their sudden imprisonment. 
They were still planted in the room they had not too long ago performed some very rushed and bodged surgery. As ordered, Yankee and Doodle were stationed at the alcove that led to the hallway, the room’s only entrance, on watch. They had of course done a brief survey of the mansion, just enough to ensure it was as abandoned as it had first appeared. Their search was frugal, having found little more than some empty rooms, which contained nothing more than decorations - more grand features, beautiful paintings and ridiculously high ceilings. A lot of the rooms they had come across had been locked, but now was not the time for them to be curious. Either way, they had found no signs of life and reported back to their Captain, rather happy to retire for the night and dry off near the fire. And now they sat, as ordered by Charlie, either side of the alcove, just to be on the safe side - after all, you never knew who or what else might come through the door seeking refuge on a night such as this! Being the playful boys they were, to pass the time and possibly more so to stay awake, the brothers got back to their usual habits, playing a fluffed game of cards, fondly bantering jibes at each other, whilst keeping their weapons close to hand. 
Charlie and Billy, however, were sitting either side of the fireplace, both keeping watchful eyes on Specks. Billy was slouched against one of the pillars, looking more like a hormone imbalanced teenager than the soldier he had mistakenly become of late. Charlie sat relaxed and composed, quietly oozing that self-confidence and serenity he possessed - which the rest of the men were very thankful for. Specks was still unconscious, and had been moved to the chaise longue, which itself had been dragged close to the fire. His breathing was slow but steady, and it appeared he was no longer bleeding from his wound. However, he had lost an awful lot of blood during transit to the mansion, and the rest of the squad knew this all too well. He was very weak, with a possibly infected wound, and moving him in such bad weather conditions was incredibly risky. They had no options. So, for now, all the group could do was be thankful for a roof over their heads, shelter from the storm, and somewhere for Specks to recover.
‘Did you catch a look at the sniper?’ asked Billy, out of the blue.
Yankee and Doodle both raised their eyes from their card game, but said nothing. They had all recognised the shooter. Truth be told, over the last few months, and through their various absurd missions that they’d either sourced out, or haplessly stumbled across, they had come across that same soldier time and time again. They had unofficially entitled him the One Eyed Man. And it was quite apparent to the squad that Specks’ shooter was ‘His’ right hand man. Charlie slowly nodded, taking in a long and time consuming breath. But he didn’t want to answer.
‘Why don’t you get some sleep?’ he suggested, softly. ‘I’ve got this covered.’
‘He had that same eye patch on,’ snapped Billy, ignoring Charlie’s idea. ‘And you know why he’s got that eye patch on, don’t you? Stupid Nazi bugger couldn’t be more recognizable if he tried. He’s been following us on and off for months, you know. And this time he’s put down Specks! What’s he going to do next? If I get my hands on him I’m gonna…’
‘You’re gonna calm down, that’s what you’re going to do,’ intervened Charlie, seeing Billy’s agitation, eager to distinguish his anger.
The pair went quiet for a moment, both thinking the same thing. The current theory going was that the One Eyed Man was in fact the Nazi-wolf that Charlie had not only shot in the eye, but also booted into the pits of the perilous valley, in the pair’s first epic battle together on the train. Charlie wasn’t sure if he believed it, but the brothers enjoyed a good yarn more than anybody, so any chance they got they would regale the adventure and ongoing situation to any passing good guys.
Charlie took his watch away from Specks for a moment, and studied Billy carefully. It wasn’t often the squad got to have any ‘down time’ like this, and the pair seldom had a real conversation which didn’t involve shouting out death defying orders, or rushing through insane escape plans in a single breath. Even though Charlie had spent so much time with the young man, he still knew very little about him. But then, that was hardly surprising, given the incredibly complex and unknown background of the boy. Charlie whistled to Yankee, who impulsively opened up his backpack and pulled a piece of metal out. He threw it to Charlie, who studied it carefully, twisting it round in his hands, taking in every groove. Billy didn’t seem interested.
‘Specks says it’s made from the same material as your arm,’ he said. But there was no response from Billy. ‘He did a few brief routine experiments on it. Reports he can’t break it. Sure it can be molded, dented even. But never divided. He is impressed. And you know anything that impresses him concerns me!’
‘Uh-huh,’ replied Billy, flatly. 
Barely a week ago, the squad had returned to the crash site where they had first met Billy, and retrieved some of the vessel. But they had scarcely had a moment to examine the material, so Yankee and Doodle had been lumbering it round in their backpacks ever since. 
‘Never know. We might find a use for it yet,’ finished Charlie, tossing the metal back to Yankee. 
‘You’re just terrified that I really am one of ‘His’ projects, and I’m going to turn on you at any moment,’ suggested Billy. 
‘Are you still having the nightmares?’ asked Charlie, trying to ignore the comment. But again Billy didn’t reply, instead resorting to pointlessly throwing a couple of pieces of flint into the fire. ‘Billy, do me a favour. Just cheer up and talk to me. I’d be really grateful for the conversation.’
Billy shifted uncomfortably on the floor, pulling his messy hair from his face and staring wide eyed into the fire. He looked utterly mesmerised by its dancing flames.
‘The…’ but he stopped himself. It was all too apparent he wasn’t comfortable talking about anything personal, and he didn’t know where to begin. He stumbled over his words many times. ‘I…’ but again he stopped, clearing his throat, clearly irritated with his own intricacies. ‘It’s strange. It’s really strange. Every night, the same thing. The same faces over and over again. And it doesn’t matter what I do, or how hard I try. I can’t make them out properly. I never see them, I can only feel them.’ 
‘Please,’ encouraged Charlie, rather interested.
Billy took a long breath, unnecessarily playing with his hair. ‘The kid,’ he laughed to himself lightly. ‘He is so annoying and awkward and needy and in the way. He’s just a pain in my backside. And when I see him I just want to…’ he clenched his teeth and squeezed his fists, ‘I just want to rip his tiny little head off. Or my hair out. One of those two. I haven’t decided yet. Depends on my mood.’ He looked up at Charlie and grinned. ‘Stupid thing is… for some reason unknown to me, I actually like him. He drives me mad. Infuriates me. Bugs the hell out of me. But I like him.’
‘Who do you think he is?’ asked Charlie, gently trying to push the conversation along. But Billy shook his head in reply - a firm no. ‘Okay then. What about the girl?’
A cheeky smirk, scarcely noticeable, appeared on the left side of Billy’s mouth - that said it all for Charlie, who himself began to grin.
‘Is she pretty?’ he asked.
‘She’s beautiful,’ Billy blurted out. The pair caught each other’s eye and lightly laughed at the comment. And for the briefest of moments they actually enjoyed themselves. ‘I don’t know. All I know is when I see her I get the same feelings. Things clear. She calms my head, warms my heart and puts fire in my belly.’
‘You big girl’s blouse!’ remarked Charlie, playfully. 
In quick succession the thought of a pretty girl triggered Charlie to think of his own family, and he pulled out the photo from his pocket. He gazed at it longingly, stroking two fingers across its surface. 
‘What’s your wife’s name again?’ asked Billy, although he remembered. 
‘Eve,’ replied the Captain, passing the photo over proudly. ‘And Caleb will be ten in the next couple of weeks.’
Billy looked at the black and white photo. He couldn’t help but smile at the ridiculous loveliness protruding from the image. In it stood Charlie, looking clean-cut, and happy, with an arm draped over his wife, Eve. She looked kind, smiling lovingly up at her husband, with her dark hair tied up practically in a bun. And at the bottom, squeezed in between the pair, was their son, Caleb. He was a tiny thing, with messy light coloured hair and a huge smile on his face, the only one really looking in the direction of the camera. The photo oozed pure bliss, and if Billy was honest, it made him feel a little jealous, but he smiled all the same, before passing it back. Charlie delicately put the picture in his pocket, and tapped it twice, just for luck.
‘Bet you can’t wait to get back to them,’ remarked Billy, doing his utmost to say the right thing. Charlie smiled in reply, but there was a momentary look of sadness in his eyes. ‘I wish I knew if I had a...’ began Billy, stopping himself once again. But Charlie knew what he was going to say.
‘Maybe you do,’ he said. ‘Is it really all still just a blank? Everything before the crash I mean?’ Billy nodded in reply, clearing his throat, shifting awkwardly against the pillar. He scratched at his temples and rubbed his face aggressively in thought. ‘But…’ pressed Charlie, cautious in his actions.
‘Sometimes I see things in my dreams. Things that seem very real. Like thoughts or memories. As if I know more than I realise. But before I can get a moment to articulate them, to comprehend them, to dissect the buggers, they’re already gone. And not just like I’m struggling to recall something. I mean gone, like they’ve been deleted! I don’t know. Maybe I’m just talking nonsense.’
‘Memories?’
‘There’s this one that keeps repeating, involving my arm.’ He looked down at his metal contraption, which he both loved and despised, though he admitted neither, and turned it slowly in the orange glow of the fire. ‘I open my eyes and I’m in this massive room. Like nothing you’ve ever seen before. It’s some kind of cavern, hundreds of feet underground, breathtaking. All around me are hundreds of these large tubes filled with bright light that…’ he thought for a second, ‘pulsate all around the room. And they’re all heading towards this… thing that’s right in front of me. I don’t know what it is, but what I do know is that it’s the centre of everything. It just seems to be made up of nothing but light and glass and power. Whatever it is, it’s important. And I have to turn it off. It’s why I’m there. And…’ Billy grew more and more animated as he divulged his story. ‘Now don’t ask me how I know this, but somehow, for some reason, I know that my arm, right here,’ he raised it slightly in the air, scrutinising the thing, ‘is the key to turning off whatever it is I’m standing in front of. And time is running out. So, I make my move. I break into a sprint, dash forward over this small pathway as fast as I can. I collide into the base of the thing and immediately thrust my arm right into the middle of it.’
Charlie patiently waited for the rest of the story, but it didn’t come. Billy could see out of the corner of his eye that even Yankee and Doodle had stopped their card game to listen. Without a sound they all lingered on Billy’s last words, until finally they succumbed to their intrigue. 
‘And…’ snapped Charlie and the brothers simultaneously.
‘And nothing. I wake up,’ answered Billy, rather bluntly, finishing the story all too abruptly. 
The listening men muttered annoyances under their breath, shaking their heads.
‘Billy, my boy,’ spoke Charlie, chuckling to himself. ‘You are the master of cliffhangers. And based on the events of today, I mean that both figuratively and literally!’ He snatched a pillow from the chaise longue and threw it straight at Billy’s face.
Charlie began to fiddle around with his boot, removing a small metallic device from it.
‘What’s that?’ asked Billy.
‘Something me and Specks thought up,’ he replied.
‘Well, what does it do?’
But then something unexpected happened. 
They had so quickly got used to the storm outside that it had almost become white noise. However, with a beginning crack that grabbed all of their attention, they could hear lightning bolt after lightning bolt hitting the ground outside, right next to the mansion, repetitively, intensifying with each strike. This was followed almost immediately by an unfamiliar whirring sound, like an engine suddenly powering up, the noise rapidly filling the house. The men jumped to their feet, troubled and tense. The bulbs above, which were not previously working, began to bulge with light. Brighter they became, until they were so dazzling it was hard to look at the things. Charlie and the boys bolted into the now lit hallway, the light intensifying all the time, the noise excruciating, and the lightning strikes outside, unyielding. They were confused, panicked, and looking around hopelessly. And just as everything got unbearable, it all of a sudden climaxed. The lightning abruptly ceased with a final thunderous roar vibrating throughout the house. The whirring noise slowed down, until completely diminishing. And every light bulb burst into smithereens, plummeting the house back into darkness.
There was silence.
‘What in God’s name just happened?’ came Yankee’s voice from the black.
‘This place… is haunted,’ answered Doodle.
‘Haunted by ghosts?’ asked his brother, excitedly.
‘You know anything else that haunts? You doofus!’
But Charlie was in no mood for the brothers far-fetched ideas. He shoved them all back into the warmth and shelter of their refuge, and looked them up and down.
‘Haunted? Are you being serious?’ he asked, shaking his head at them both.
‘What? You don’t believe in ghosts?’ asked Yankee.
‘Not for a second. It’s probably just some kind of power surge, brought on by the lightning, resulting in the electrics failing. Heck, if Specks were awake he’d back me up!’ snapped the Captain. ‘I don’t know why I’m even talking to you two,’ he finished, returning to his original spot by the fireplace and next to Specks.
‘Ghosts can blow light bulbs,’ muttered Doodle, quietly, his brother nodding in accord. ‘Remember that archaeologist fella we crossed paths with a while back?’
‘Yeah. He had that cool hat,’ replied Yankee.
‘Said he’d been digging up treasures in the dirt over the last few years, and seen one or two strange things along the way. I’m telling you man… Ghosts!’
Billy couldn’t help but grin at them both, charmed with their imagination. The brothers sat down and got back to their card game, chatting their respective ideas with each other. Billy joined Charlie back by the fire. They didn’t say anything. The Captain looked unusually distressed, and Billy knew not to bother him at times like this. 
‘I suggest you all get some sleep,’ Charlie said brusquely, not looking at the men. ‘I’ll take first watch. And once the storm has cleared, and Specks is safe to move, we leave, and we search for friendly territory and get a decent medic to fix him up proper. Specks is our top priority. Do I make myself clear?’ 
Billy and the brothers nodded in reply, all too exhausted to question his orders. And soon enough, one by one, they fell asleep. Charlie sat for a time, looking into the fire, and keeping an ear out for anything unusual. He hadn’t said anything, but the short event had concerned him deeply. They didn’t have a clue what they had walked into. Given their track record, anything was possible, and likely to happen! And after a long while of thinking, entirely against his will, Charlie joined his men, and fell into a deep and troubled asleep.   
CHAPTER FOUR

There was nothing but darkness. After a time a vague murmur of engrossed and hassled voices began to fade into earshot. Then came the pain - excruciating, deliberate, searing agony that enveloped all of the great void. Until finally a brilliant white light ignited into existence, appearing from the midst of the darkness, quickly consuming everything in sight. At that exact point Yankee woke with an aggressive jolt, followed almost immediately by his brother. They were sweating profusely, both looked pale and sick, panting hard, desperately trying to catch their breath, which, for some unknown reason, had escaped them. Yankee rubbed his head repeatedly, clearly in a great deal of pain.
‘Jeez, my head feels like it’s in a vice!’ he uttered, clutching at it like a football. 
‘Me too, bro,’ added Doodle in a wounded voice, looking utterly dazed. 
They were in the same spots they had fallen asleep in, but something was very wrong indeed. Yankee looked around the room, confused, but the worrying truth was clear - the area was empty. The fire was still roaring away, and the chaise longue was still in its resting place, right by the warmth of the flames. But Charlie, Billy and Specks were not where they had left them.
‘What the hell?’ he remarked, bouncing to his feet. 
‘What’s up?’ contributed his brother, all too pathetically, dragging himself up on Yankee’s uniform, barely managing to remain on his feet. 
Yankee brushed him off and marched across the room to where the men should have been - they were definitely gone. He picked up a couple of pillows, as if expecting to see them somehow hiding underneath. He was of course wrong.
‘Where the hell’s the Captain?’ fumbled Doodle, who was stumbling behind his brother and holding his head in his hands.
Yankee rushed over to his weapons and snatched them up. He checked his pistol, submachine gun and rifle, before chucking his brother’s to him - he did not catch them, instead scrabbling around the floor trying to pick the things up, dizzy and drunk-like as he moved. Moments later they were in the hallway, locked, loaded, and ready to go - but ready to go where?
‘Right, we gotta find the guys,’ began Yankee, who was turning around repeatedly, trying to figure out which direction to head. Doodle dashed over, and began copying his brother. ‘If one of them had wondered off, I might understand,’ continued Yankee, who stopped his spinning and took a few steps towards the two staircases, studying them curiously. Doodle stopped his own spinning and walked over to Yankee, swaying from side to side as he went, far too giddy to keep up with his older brother, and looking like he may well be sick. ‘Two, maybe. But all three? No way. I don’t buy it. Not on my watch. Not in my town. Not for one second,’ he said, rubbing his chin and doing his best to imitate Charlie’s fine example of leadership. ‘Especially with Specks in his condition. Nope. This smells bad to me.’ Doodle sniffed the air, unable to keep up or make sense of what his brother was suggesting. ‘If you ask me… they’ve been taken.’
‘Damn straight,’ added Doodle, in a feeble attempt to contribute. ‘Now let’s split up. We’ll cover more ground that way.’ He went to dash off, but barely got three steps away before Yankee pulled him straight back.
‘Are you insane?’ Yankee flicked Doodle right in the centre of the forehead, emphasising his question. ‘This ain’t some five cent flick where we split up and get taken out one by one by some tacky monster! Whilst some cheap dame screams for her needless rescue! You get me?’
‘So what do you suggest?’ asked Doodle.
A few minutes later Yankee and Doodle pushed their way through the house. Yankee led the way, his sharp eyes searching as they moved deeper into the mansion, a candle in his hand, dimly lighting the rooms they passed through, whilst Doodle followed, still shaking off his dizzy head, with a pistol in his trembling hand, just in case. They had decided to search downstairs, as that had seemed the least creepy option of the three. Room by room they went, faced with the same situation with each door - a dark and ominous room, with daunting high ceilings, peeling wallpaper, sinister looking paintings and incredibly grand yet rather eerie features decorating the room. So far, there was no sign of Charlie or the others, and no sign of movement, but onwards they searched. 
‘Remember when Ma used to take us to Aunt Betsy’s every other Sunday for afternoon supper?’ whispered Doodle, breaking the silence between the two. Yankee didn’t answer, but he was listening. ‘Her house always had that God-awful smell. Remember? Dang, it reeked! Like wet pants, or a dank sewer. And what about those big rats that would come along and bite at your socks when you weren’t paying attention? Man, I hated those things with a passion!’ Doodle looked around the room somewhat nervously. ‘Oh, and don’t forget all her broken mirrors. Every single one. It’s like she did it on purpose! I know she was dog-ugly, but damn, I ain’t never seen someone that didn’t like her own reflection that much! That place gave me the creeps. I hated it.’
‘What’s your point, Dood?’ asked Yankee, sounding a little short.
‘Ma always made it better. She would open up the curtains and let a little light in. She’d bake a cake to clear out the smell… blueberry pie,’ he smiled at the notion of the smell. ‘And she would drag in that fat old ginger cat of hers to chase off the rats. She was a smart lady, our Ma. She made all the bad stuff better. You know? She…’
Yankee stopped walking, turned around and put a fond hand on his brother’s shoulder.
‘I know, little bro. I miss her too,’ his voice was uncharacteristically soft, as he lovingly slapped his brother’s face a couple of times. ‘Who knows. We get our sorry butts out of this in one piece, maybe we’ll get back home to see her again. And when we do, we can take her out for a fancy meal.’
‘And dancing at that club she likes,’ added Doodle, excitedly.
‘Right,’ he agreed, smiling broadly. ‘But Doodle, right now we’ve got to find the Captain, find out what the hell is going on, and get ourselves out of here without dying. So get your head back in the game, buddy.’
Yankee pushed open an exceptionally heavy door, and entered a large square shaped hallway. It had several doors, leading to who knows where, but one in particular caught their interest. The brothers quickly moved over to it, scanning the surrounding area as they went. A great deal of light was protruding from the bottom of the door, and it looked most intriguing indeed. Without hesitation, they both placed an ear to the door and listened - they could hear something.
‘I hear people,’ whispered Yankee. ‘Could be the Captain.’
‘I think I hear music,’ said Doodle.
Yankee sniffed the air.
‘I smell… I smell coffee,’ remarked Yankee, frowning.
‘And bacon. And eggs,’ added Doodle, his eyes lighting up excitedly.
The brothers looked at each other, mouths open with anticipation, before hungrily muttering ‘I gotta check this out,’ in unison. Without further delay they yanked open the door and entered the room. But nothing could have prepared them for what happened next. 
It took a few moments for their eyes to adjust to the beautiful, crisp light that welcomed them, but it took much longer for their brains to believe what they had just walked into, and even longer still for their mouths to catch up. There they were, the two brothers, standing quite innocently in the midst of what appeared to be an all-American diner. Sure enough, people were sitting around tables, young and old alike, dressed in civilian clothes, drinking milkshakes, greedily eating food, tapping their toes to the juke box that was playing in the corner, and merrily chatting amongst themselves. Waitresses came and went, fresh-faced and pretty, serving food, taking orders, whilst casually flirting with the customers as they moved with speed. And behind a busy bar the kitchen could be seen, with an abundance of chubby, sweaty cooks working away, snatching orders from the turnstile and pushing plate after plate of tempting and rather greasy food on to the counter. This was not what they had expected. 
Doodle quickly looked behind him. The door they had just walked through was apparently a door to the toilets. Without thinking he jerked it open, revealing as the sign suggested, a men’s toilet, but more importantly, a man innocently using a urinal. Doodle rapidly blinked his eyes, opening and closing the door each time, anxiously hoping the image would change to something that made sense. But instead each time revealed the peeing man looking more disgruntled, quickly finishing his business, zipping up his trousers and throwing an ever increasingly dirty look at Doodle with every opening of the door. Yankee, meanwhile, was standing mouth agape, staring at all the customers and waitresses who hadn’t seemed to notice their rather unprecedented arrival. They both looked very out of place of course, but no one seemed to care. 
‘It’s a diner. I mean the diner. From back home,’ exclaimed Yankee.
‘What are you talking about?’ asked Doodle, who was now leaning across a table and peering out of the window. It was sunny out, and the sky was nothing but blue. All around the supposed diner were desert plains, sandy dunes with incredible rock formations, stretching as far as the eye could see.
‘This is Silverman’s Roadside Diner. The best hamburgers this side of the Mississippi! Remember it? 121 Devils Highway. Canyon Town. Arizona state. USA. The world.’ Yankee took a few confused steps forward, rubbing his head in his hands. ‘We’re back home.’
‘Afternoon darling,’ said a passing waitress, who was chewing gum and winking at him.
Yankee naturally moved towards the bar and slumped into an empty stool, relaxing into it all too easily, letting out a long and well deserved sigh of relief. He placed his weapons down on the bar without thinking and picked up a menu, a smile etching across his face as he perused his options. Doodle hurried over, not only bewildered with their state of affairs, but now with his brother’s behaviour.
‘Have you gone totally mental? Why are you sitting down? We’ve gotta get out of here and find the Captain, pronto!’
‘Who?’ asked Yankee, preoccupied with the menu, sounding distinctly dreamy.
‘What do you mean, who? We’ve got to find…’  but Doodle stopped. Try as he might, all of a sudden he couldn’t remember what they had just moments ago been doing, and for a brief time he tried very hard to recall their mission. But it wasn’t long before he was consumed by the intoxications of the diner, and soon he didn’t have any other care in the world. He sniffed the air several times over, a stupid grin stretched across his happy face. ‘The food does smell good.’ He sat down, playfully snatching the menu from his brother and looking over the delights on offer. ‘I’m so hungry, I think my big guts are eating my little guts!’
Yankee laughed, growing increasingly excited at the prospect of a hearty meal. He looked around, smiling politely at an old man who was sitting next to him shoveling down a spoon full of eggs. Out of the blue a waitress appeared the other side of the bar. She was especially pretty, with her blonde hair tied in plaits, and a big and well rehearsed smile across her lipstick-smothered mouth. She had a polka dot dress on and a name tag reading ‘Ruby’. Without asking she put two empty mugs on the bar and started pouring out hot coffee. The smell hit them, and it was invigorating.
‘And what brings two fine looking, strapping young gentlemen like yourselves to my diner?’ she asked joyfully, with a southern twang to her voice, very similar to their own. 
‘Do you know, I don’t remember,’ replied Yankee.
‘Yeah. Me neither,’ said Doodle.
‘Well, ain’t that the darndest thing? Well, whatever it was it couldn’t have been all that important. Now, how about I get you boys something good to eat, on the house?’
The brothers nodded in reply, excited at the offer. Ruby winked at them both before walking off and disappearing into the kitchen.
‘She fancies me,’ whispered both men at precisely the same time.
They sipped at their coffee for a while, looking around the diner and enjoying themselves as if it were nothing out of the ordinary, just another lazy Sunday in America. Yankee grabbed the pot and poured himself another mug, greedily slurping it down, in spite of it being way too hot. 
‘I reckon after this we head down the river. I got me a hankering for adventure. I say we snag ourselves a couple of horses from Old Man Turner’s farm,’ suggested Yankee, enthusiastic and energised.
‘Brilliant idea. And let’s race ‘em home. Ma will love that!’
‘You know as well as I do she won’t.’
‘I know. But it’ll be worth the hiding we get, just to see the look on her face when we come galloping up the pathway,’ chuckled Doodle in response. 
‘Dinner up, fellas,’ came the waitresses voice.
Once again she seemed to have appeared from nowhere, but Yankee and Doodle didn’t care. They couldn’t help but stare wide eyed, excited like children on Christmas morning at the pleasures placed out in front of them. There was more food there than they had seen in years, it was overwhelming, and it all looked so good. There were steak sandwiches, hotdogs with ketchup and mustard, various eggs, potato grits, pancakes with maple syrup, waffles with cream and hot chocolate fudge sundaes. They didn’t know where to start first.
‘You boys enjoy,’ said Ruby, winking and trotting off to another customer.
Without hesitation the brothers tucked in - after all, remembering their mission or not, the two Americans had worked on virtually empty stomachs for months now. So they went at the food like animals, ravaging the plates and shoveling mouthful upon mouthful down, forgetting table manners in a heartbeat, whilst mixing concoctions of foods into their gullet up to the point of absolute repugnance - but they couldn’t care less. They continued that way for a long while, consumed and distracted by their hunger and greed, so much so that they didn’t even notice the strange and twisted changes that slowly began to unfold around them. 
Little by little the beautiful sun-bleached day outside began to turn rather bleak. The sun faded into obscurity behind thick and heavy clouds. A powerful wind whipped across the way, scattering sand and tumbleweed along the roadside. And all the bright and dazzling colours of the scenery turned unmistakably grey, bringing with it a somewhat threatening feel. In the diner itself the jukebox playing in the corner began to skip, repeating the same few seconds of the music over again, warping the otherwise cheerful melody into something far more disturbing. But what was strangest of all, what the boys should have noticed, had they not been filling their bellies with an array of foods, was the people. The customers had stopped eating their meals, the cooks had stopped rushing around the kitchen, and the waitresses had stopped serving the food. In fact everyone had stopped moving altogether. Instead they just stared vacantly into the distance, suddenly resembling plastic manikins more than human beings. But the boys were still completely unaware of the nightmarish changes that were evolving around them, blissfully tucking into their grub. Until at long last, Yankee noticed a little something.
‘You know,’ he said, his mouth full to the brim, and a quizzical look on his face, ‘this steak sandwich is starting to taste a little funky.’
Doodle scooped up some scrambled eggs and pushed them into his already full mouth, before immediately hitting the hot fudge sundae with no mercy. But as he did, he noticed something on Yankee’s face.
‘You got a little something on your…’ he said, pointing at the oddity with a ketchup splattered finger. Yankee picked it off and looked at it. ‘What the hell is it?’
But Yankee’s face said it all - it was a maggot. He dropped it on the table, watching it wriggle its way around the concoctions. And then they both saw it - each and every plate of food they had only moments ago been stuffing their faces with was nothing more than dirt, bugs and guts. The sundaes were caked in mud and worms. The eggs were a farm of maggots and locusts fighting for space on the plates. The steak sandwich was something much worse - whatever it was, it was bloody and raw, oozing out of the side of the sandwich, and still pumping! The brothers dropped their food and spat it out, literally clawing at their tongues in a vain attempt to cleanse themselves. They jumped from their stools, horror-struck. But no sooner were they back on their feet the room began to shake, crumbling around them. Windows began to crack, the ceiling started to fall in on itself, and bright smiling pictures fell from the walls. 
Yankee grabbed at the old man that he had been sitting next to at the bar.
‘Buddy, we gotta go.’
The old man twisted his head round and looked at them both, revealing unusually sunken eyes. But then more weirdness struck. Quickly his skin began to decay, falling away like a suddenly aging man drying out in the harsh sun, revealing flesh and blood, until finally his bloody skull was all that remained. But just to top it all off the old man’s jaw unexpectedly fell off, causing Yankee and Doodle to both scream in fright, automatically backing away and colliding into a stationary waitress - Ruby. For a brief moment she rocked on the spot, back and forth, until ultimately she fell to the floor, bursting into nothing but dust on impact. The boys didn’t know which way to move next as the room shook harder still. Powerless to stop it, all they could do was watch. One by one the windows shattered to pieces, throwing shards of glass in their direction. The customers all began to decompose before their very eyes, collapsing into bloody heaps on their respective dining tables. Waitresses fell over like dominoes, smashing into the floor and bursting into pillars of dust. And the cooks all combusted into sinister statues of fire, crumpling into a pile and igniting the kitchen into a huge ball of flames. The walls of the diner began to crumble away, shaking aggressively, bricks falling to the ground, revealing the mansion’s own tired-looking decor and grand features behind, until, after a lot of screaming from the brothers, the American diner and the desert landscape completely fell away, leaving the boys back where they should have been all along, in a dim room in the mansion.
At long length they stopped screaming and pulled themselves together. For a moment they stood in an awkward silence, looking around the room suspiciously, but all seemed normal. Their weapons were sitting on an old wooden table just where the bar had been moments ago. Without talking they holstered them, keeping a watchful eye on the shadows of the room.
‘I vote we get the hell out of here,’ whispered Yankee.
‘I second that,’ replied Doodle, seeing eye to eye with his brother. 
With that, and being very cautious as they opened the door to leave, they crept back into the confines of the house and continued with their search. 
CHAPTER FIVE

Slowly but surely, Charlie started to become aware that something was very wrong. He felt strangely cold, the temperature seemed artificial upon him, like cool metal pressed up against his skin. He tried to wake up, but his eyes were heavy and resistant, out of his control. Then the same whirring sound from earlier started up, cranking and grinding as it got up to speed. It was still hard to work out exactly what it was, but it was noticeably closer to him this time. Then without warning the pain hit. It was overwhelming, from absolute nothing to unqualified measures of suffering in mere seconds. It felt like a thousand bolts of electricity running through the course of his body, singeing and ravaging everything it touched. His skin felt on fire, his teeth were aching in his gums, and his muscles twitched and flexed involuntarily. It was too much to bear.
Charlie finally managed to open his eyes, catching his breath, startled at reality, swamped with gratitude at the sweet release from the torture his nightmare had brought. He didn’t bother to move at first. Still exhausted from the day’s events he took a moment. He was lying by the fireplace, though the fire itself had burnt away to little more than cinder, emanating a minimum glow into the room. Charlie looked over to Billy, but he wasn’t there. He wasn’t alarmed, not at first at least, more curious as to where the boy might be, so he sat himself up, a little reluctant to move. But as soon as he was upright, Charlie got a bad feeling in the pit of his stomach. It became very obvious very quickly that something was very wrong indeed. Along with Billy, Specks and the brothers were all gone. 
Charlie was on his feet in seconds, a careful hand resting on his holstered pistol, his eyes flicking through the shadows, expecting some kind of assault. He waited, poised, prepared for an attack - but it never came. Certain there was no immediate threat, he swiftly surveyed the room, his well trained eyes taking only moments to reach the forgone conclusion.
‘No sign of a struggle,’ he said, his voice echoing around the empty room. His throat felt dry, unusually sore, but he thought nothing of it. ‘They’ve left of their own accord. That makes no sense.’
Charlie marched the room, double checking his scan, careful he hadn’t missed a clue of some sort. And then something caught his attention, a peculiarity in the corner of his eye. He turned to the entrance just in time to see whatever it was scurry away. Without thought he gave chase, landing in the hallway. Now that he’d moved he could feel an oddness in his body - his head was dizzy, and his stomach felt churned. But he couldn’t allow himself time to stew on such mundane matters. He composed himself and listened, waiting for whatever it was to move again. It couldn’t have got far. His well-worn ears had been a little too close to explosions throughout the last few years, but they were still first-rate. He could hear breathing. Someone was definitely in the vicinity. He saw it at the top of the stairs, just in front of the grandfather clock, well hidden in the shadows of the building. A very small figure. A child, perhaps? Charlie took a few cautious steps forward. 
‘Hello?’ called out Charlie, inquisitively. He took the first few stairs in one stride, but kept his pace slow, so as not to startle the figure. ‘I’m not going to hurt you,’ his voice was soft and reassuring. The figure didn’t move at all, so Charlie stepped in closer, squinting through the darkness. He could make out a few features now. Messy brown hair, big naive eyes, pale skin and a grin that he knew all too well. Charlie gulped, terrified at the realisation. It just wasn’t possible. ‘Caleb?’ he muttered.
No sooner had he called his name, the small boy dashed off to the left and up a second set of stairs, merrily laughing as he went. Charlie watched for a moment, mesmerised at the sight of what appeared to be his son, dancing and skipping up a staircase that just seemed to go on and on into the highest parts of the mansion. He couldn’t help himself, so he followed, desperate to know if what he had seen was real. The staircase gave the impression that it went on forever, twisting and turning abnormally, yet try as he might, Charlie couldn’t catch up with the boy. At long last he reached the top of the staircase, pushing open a door the small boy had only moments ago squeezed through. The Captain was now standing in an exaggerated hallway, overly stretched, that seemed to run on for miles. It was extraordinarily narrow, with incredibly high ceilings and tall austere looking windows running along either side of the area, with a lone door at the very end. Despite its long length, Charlie could make out the small boy at the opposite end. He opened the door, looking back at him and giggling. 
‘Caleb. Wait. It’s not safe,’ Charlie called out.
But the boy closed the door and vanished from sight. Charlie burst into a sprint, pounding along the hall at an incredible speed. Windows threw out blustering winds, and curtains violently whipped against him, as if trying to stop his chase. The walls seemed to be closing in on him, the ceiling extended higher into the eaves until it was all but gone, and with every step he took the door looked as if it was getting further away. But Charlie continued his pursuit, determined in his quest, brushing the weirdness off and charging down the hallway with everything he had. At length he reached the door, not even thinking to stop, instead shoulder-barging his way straight through the blockade and into whatever wonders or terrors may lay beyond. 
It was the crisp air that hit him first, and that fresh smell that came with it. His sprint rapidly slowed to a jog, until finally stopping. He didn’t understand. It wasn’t possible. He was not, as he had expected to be, in yet another room of the mansion. Instead he was standing right in the middle of a large open field. It was night, and just in front of him was a very large looming tree that he recognised. A way off in the distance was a derelict building that was just as familiar, and past that, outside the realms of the field was a long line of houses. He smiled at the sight of them all.
‘I’m… I’m home,’ he stuttered, grinning broadly, scraping his hair back.
He spun round on the spot, taking in the full picture. Everything was just as he had left it, and it brought joy to his heart. It was Britain. More specifically, it was his home town, Grimsley. It all seemed perfect. But who was he to question an all too rare blessing such as this? Without delay he erupted into a breakneck sprint, dashing down the dirt path like he had done a thousand times before. He ran past the Old Oak tree, brushing it with his fingers - it felt real, it was real. A million images flashed through his mind, each one better than the last. His eagerness to get to his house and family besieged him. 
But suddenly everything changed, and without a word of warning all hell broke loose. The dark sky above suddenly burst into red flames as a multitude of explosions ripped across the backdrop. Bombs fell from the sky, obliterating the fields around him. Charlie looked behind. The Old Oak was now a profusion of fire roaring ferociously into the air. Above him planes battled it out as dogfights ensued without mercy, tearing the once peaceful picture into a thing of nightmares. And right in front of him, Charlie watched in horror as his street suffered a bombing like none he had seen before. Truly his biggest fear had been realised - the war had come to Britain.
Charlie doubled his efforts, taking gigantic strides and bolting across the fields at a phenomenal rate. Within seconds he left the area and found himself running down his street. All around him the houses crumbled to the ground, flames bellowing out of the doors and windows, roofs collapsing in on themselves. But Charlie pressed on. He could see his home at the end of the street. It looked untouched by the terror, and what’s more, he could see the unmistakable silhouettes of his wife and son standing in the open doorway.
He sped down the road, ignoring the faceless screams and cries for help that seemed to be coming from everywhere, whilst the sky behind his house was alive with destruction, explosions gashing the heavens apart. But Charlie didn’t care - he had to get home. He was almost there. But then - SLAM! 
Charlie came to a complete and abrupt stop, falling backwards, his face and chest in agony. He got back up, confused, dazed, before charging again. SLAM! Just as hard and just as painful as before. He staggered back, his head pounding from the blow. There was something there, like glass, or an invisible force field of some sort, stopping his way. But he wanted to try again. He could see the motionless outline of his family, and he had to reach them. He walked forwards, more careful this time, reaching out until he found the force field. He stretched his reach as far as he could, but it didn’t seem to have an end. Without hesitation he shoulder barged his way forwards, but to no avail. Again and again he tried, harder and more determined with each blow, but the invisible field kept resisting him, throwing the soldier back with each attempt. Charlie exhausted himself, finally pressing up against the anomaly, repeatedly hammering his large balled up-fists against it, desperate to get to the other side, desperate to get to his family. 
‘Let me through,’ he shouted at the top of his voice. He slid a little way down the force field. ‘I’ve got to get home,’ he said, his voice trembling as he spoke. ‘I need to see my family,’ he finished, his strength quickly evaporating. He slumped to the floor, pressed up against the invisible obstruction, consumed by his desires and hopelessness. ‘I want to…’ 
But just then everything went deadly silent. The incredible onslaught overhead continued, but the volume had been muted. It was nothing less than creepy. Charlie looked around, confounded by the ever evolving situation, until a pair of voices he had longed to hear for what felt like an age, broke the silence. 
‘Daddy, why don’t you come home?’ came his son’s sweet and pure voice. Charlie looked up from his slump, and gazed at their silhouettes. They were so close, yet so far away. ‘I miss you, Daddy,’ said Caleb.
‘We both miss you,’ added his wife, Eve, in a loving tone.
‘I…’ stumbled Charlie, but he couldn’t bring himself to say the words. He was barely holding himself together as it was. ‘But…’
‘But, what?’ interrupted Eve, the tone of her voice vastly different from moments before. ‘You left us. You left your son.’ Her voice was full of malice. 
‘Why did you leave us, Daddy?’ asked Caleb, innocently.
‘I didn’t want to. I had to. I…’ Charlie tried to explain. But he didn’t know what to say, so he went quiet. 
The silhouettes silenced themselves and became still, looking like little more than a teasing painting on the other side of the force field. But Charlie needed to get to them. He pulled himself together, wiped his face dry, and stood himself up.
‘But I’m home now. And God be damned if I’m not going to get back to my family!’ His words were strong and he felt himself fill up with strength of mind.
Charlie marched a great many steps back and positioned himself ready for his tackle. He took a long breath, narrowed his eyes, and charged with all his might, heading straight towards the unseen blockade. Knowing he was almost there he turned his right shoulder to the front, and jumped, crashing his entire body into the force field, and smashing through to the other side. But it was not what he expected. He tumbled to the floor, swiftly rolling to his hands and knees, only to see himself on the other side of the glass, looking at the backwards image of his wife and son. Immediately the image shattered to smithereens, and all he could do was watch as his home, his family, and the entire town he knew and loved fell to pieces like a stained glass window, all around him. Before long it was all gone, and Charlie was nowhere.
Charlie remained on his hands and knees, surrounded by a relentless darkness that showed no sign of end or change. He looked from left to right, from up to down, but there seemed to be nothing in existence but himself. He was completely alone. He got to his feet and steadied himself. But no sooner had he done so than the sound of walking footsteps came into earshot, moving closer towards him through the shadows. Charlie poised himself, his feet steady, a hand resting on his pistol, and the other clenched for attack. 
‘You left them,’ called out a calm but strangely familiar voice.
‘Who said that?’ barked Charlie. ‘Come out where I can see you, you coward! Identify yourself. That’s an order.’
The footsteps grew closer still, and Charlie watched as an impossible figure emerged from the darkness. He couldn’t believe his eyes. The figure was tall, sturdy, handsome and healthy, and oozed English charm. Charlie was staring face to face with an exact copy of himself. With wide eyes he studied the figure, speechless, mesmerised by its appearance. Everything was identical, down to the buttons on his uniform. But there was something a little off about this Charlie - something unnatural. Charlie reached out to touch the thing, just to check he wasn’t imagining an hallucination. But before he could, a second voice halted his hand.
‘You abandoned your family. And for what?’
Charlie rapidly snapped his head to the right, only to see a second copy of himself walking toward him. Again, this copy was perfect, standing to attention and glaring with an obvious air of judgement at the man.
‘You’d rather be a soldier than a father,’ came a third.
Charlie looked again as a third copy materialized behind him. This was all too much, but it got so much worse. His own voice began to call out to him from unseen places, only to reveal copy after copy of himself from the void of the darkness. Charlie’s head began to spin as the copies surrounded him, hurling accusations and staring him down. Before too long there were hundreds of the things, all muttering away negativities at the real Charlie, and the noise became insufferable. Finally Charlie cracked. 
‘Enough,’ he bellowed at the top of his voice. 
The army of copies instantly silenced, but each of them began to smile in a way that Charlie didn’t recognise. He felt unnerved, he could sense something was coming. Discreetly he moved his hand back to his pistol, but he was already too late. Out of the blue the closest copy thrust a powerful punch forward and hit Charlie round the side of the face, sending him off balance and tumbling into two more copies. Charlie lashed out, but they held him in place for a further strike. As strong as he was, they were equally the same. But Charlie made his move anyway. As the second strike came he weaved himself out the way, causing the flying fist to punch one of his captures, resulting in the copy releasing his grip. With the free arm Charlie punched the other duplicate in the gut, several times over, before shoving him head first into the closest group. Charlie prepared himself, knees slightly bent, hand on his pistol, a keen eye on each and every copy. They grinned at him menacingly, balling up their fists and narrowing their eyes. Charlie was utterly and hopelessly outnumbered. Then, without any further wavering they charged - the fight was on.
Charlie pulled his pistol and shot at the first six copies, sending them falling to the floor, dead. But there were so many of them, and he was already out of bullets. The next replica on him got the handle of the pistol smacked straight into the temple, knocking the freak out cold, but destroying the weapon. Finally the brunt of the copies collided with Charlie, sending the fight into an enormous mash up of punches and kicks. Duplicates flew about the place as the real Captain managed his best with uppercuts, fierce throws and the occasional lucky kick. He wrestled with some, street boxed others, and head-butted the rest. But there were just too many of them. Exhausted and surrounded he couldn’t keep up with the onslaught and finally they took the upper hand, as a copy took out his legs from behind, instantaneously flooring the man. Charlie was down, resting on his front, and before he could do anything to counteract, the army jumped on top of him, every single one of them. The pile of copies was immense and slowly it began to crush the very life from the gallant hero.
‘The truth is,’ began their united voices, ‘you aren’t sure if you made the right choice or not. You’ve forgotten the fine line of right and wrong. And what it is you’re really fighting for.’ The copies all boasted the same sinister smile, as they vocalised their judgement. ‘With the amount of sins you have committed to succeed in your quest, you’ve lost the right to call yourself the hero. You’re as much a villain as the target you yourself seek.’ 
The words cut Charlie to the very core. This was truth that he had thought for a very long time. He couldn’t breathe, and then he questioned if he even deserved the right to anymore. The darkness and the cold began to take him, and he could feel himself fading away. He was ready to give up. Perhaps it was for the best. But then the briefest of images flashed across his mind. His family, his real family, enjoying the simple pleasures of a summer’s day. Himself playing football with his son. His wife nagging them for bringing dirt into the house, and the way he and Caleb got out of trouble with their identical smiles. The image made him chuckle.
‘There was no choice to make,’ he said, straining just to speak. ‘The choice was made for me. Soldiers should not exist. If they didn’t, wars would not be able to unfold. Instead it would be little more than a group of crazy old men, dressed in expensive suits, barking out idiotic ideals and ridiculous orders.’ Charlie could feel himself growing stronger as he spoke. It took everything he had, but he pushed himself to his hands and knees. The pile of copies shifted awkwardly on top of him, and their grinning expressions changed to that of perplexity. Charlie was preparing himself. ‘But there are soldiers. And there are wars. That’s just the way it is. It’s not the way we want it to be. But then, what really is? It’s not a perfect world, but it’s the only one we’ve got. I didn’t choose to fight. It was thrust upon me. But I choose what I fight for.’ Charlie took in a long deep breath, balling up both his fists, pressing them hard against the ground. He pushed up a little more, feeling his boots grip the floor. ‘So, let’s end this masquerade, shall we? You want me? Well, you can’t have me. I fight because I have something to lose. I fight for my family. I fight for the innocent. I fight for the future. The choice was not mine to make. But I have taken that choice, and I have owned it. This is my fight,’ he said through gritted teeth, preparing himself for his almighty move. ‘And I fight for liberty.’
With those final courageous words Charlie felt himself fill up with the strength of a thousand men. He jumped an incredible height into the air, as if gravity no longer existed in this place, sending the mountain of copies flying from him, cascading into the abyss, and smashing into oblivion. He landed on his feet and watched in astonishment as hundreds of himself hurtled through the air like rag dolls, shattering and crumbling to pieces, before disappearing into the darkness. All of a sudden an unearthly rumble sounded, and the very ground began to shake. The blackness splintered like a mirror, a gigantic crack protruded from the distance and split the area in two. All around Charlie the void began to break away, until at long last, the darkness was all but gone, and he was alone in a room of the mansion.
His knees buckled and he fell to the floor, and for a long while he wept. 
CHAPTER SIX

Billy roused from his slumber, rolling over to his side and opening his eyes. It wasn’t an unforeseen pain or a sequence of peculiar noises that brought him round. Instead it was his usual broken sleep pattern, a restless conglomeration of nightmares, hidden memories, and his far too common cold sweats that had woken him. He sat up and wiped his forehead dry - he was drenched, a common occurrence. His head felt unusually heavy, and an ache in his temples announced itself, sharply grating at him, but he shook it off.
The room was just as dark as when he had fallen asleep, more so in fact, due to the fire having completely burnt out. It took a long while for his eyes to adjust, but Billy was relieved to see Specks breathing, asleep on the sofa, though looking pale, even in this light. However, Charlie wasn’t where he expected him to be, and as he peered round the side of the chaise longue he could see that nor were Yankee and Doodle. Billy stood up, yawning and stretching himself awake properly, having slept in a somewhat awkward position. The boys weren’t anywhere in the room, and it was rather unlike them to scoot off without at least letting him know. Rubbing his sleepy head, he wandered into the hallway and called out. 
‘Charlie?’ His voice bounced around the sparse hallway, but there was no reply. ‘Lads? You here?’ Again his call echoed across the way, but still there was nothing.
Billy poked his head through a few of the doorways and called out optimistic hollers, but it was useless. Wherever they were, they weren’t within earshot. He had no choice, so with one last check on Specks he decided to search the house. At random he picked a door from the multitude on offer and entered it. 
For a long while he explored the mansion. Billy made his way from room to room, surrounded by dusty antiques, pictures of somewhat harsh looking people, and gothic, foul looking features facing him at every turn. The thunderstorm outside was still raging on, pounding against the building without compromise, resulting in the entire structure continuously aching and groaning from the assault. This only magnified the sheer creepiness of the house. His search was without direction, having never bothered to learn Charlie’s lessons about tracking, but he persisted nonetheless. He was about to give up and return to Specks, but just then he heard a click. He was already unnerved and jumpy from the storm, and as he spun round his eyes fell on a door slightly ajar. He couldn’t be sure, but he thought it was closed just moments ago. He reached for it, opened it full swing and entered the room.
To some extent it seemed like an anti-climax. There was nothing untoward in the room. The place was dark, with only a fraction of light protruding from a crack in the curtains, which were showing off a slither of light from the storm outside. But the room itself was just like the rest. A few grand features decorating the place, some creepy pictures hanging here and there, a rug which appeared to have once been some kind of large animal, and a red leather chair with its back facing Billy. He flicked the light switch, but as expected it didn’t work. 
‘Another dead end,’ he muttered to himself.
Billy turned to leave but the door abruptly slammed shut by itself, plunging the room into almost complete darkness. Billy was instantly troubled, and tried the handle, but the door wouldn’t budge. He yanked it, until he snapped the thing off in his hands. 
‘Nice move, Billy, you idiot!’ he remarked to himself, throwing the handle to the floor. ‘You killed the door.’
But then an unexpected voice spoke out from the darkness, sending a shiver down the length of Billy’s spine, freezing him to the spot and causing him to catch his breath.
‘Good evening, Billy,’ said the aloof, considered and perfectly enunciated English voice. Billy turned and looked back at the room, unnerved as to the whereabouts of the speaker. ‘Or perhaps you would better favour your modern day title, Private Random? Somewhat avant-garde, wouldn’t you agree? It’s amuses me so.’ Now he looked harder, squinting through the shadows, Billy could see someone, or at least some part of someone. Sure enough, resting on one of the arms of the red leather chair was an extraordinarily long and bony hand. ‘Come now. Take a seat. Make yourself comfortable. I insist. Surely you must be tired?’ Billy was unsure of what to do, confused by the ostensibly kind offer, but without his squad to back him up, he was feeling very alone indeed. ‘Please,’ persisted the voice, the hand gesturing towards a seat tucked in one of the corners of the room. 
Reluctantly Billy sat himself in the chair, albeit barely, allowing his balance to remain firmly on his feet, in case he had the impulsive urge to attack, or an unexpected reason to dodge! Silence fell, and he waited, but for what he didn’t know. He tried to see the figure in the chair, but the unknown host was well hidden in the shadows of the room.
‘I take immense pleasure in storms such as this,’ said the voice, with a calmness like no other man would dare enjoy. ‘Reminds us all just what the gods are capable of, doesn’t it? Still, rumour has it, you’re not impartial to ripping a hole in the fabric of reality yourself!’ A disturbing laughter played out for a moment, and it seemed like it was in Billy’s head. He opened his mouth to speak, but for the first time in a long time he couldn’t find the courage to say anything. ‘Who am I?’ suggested the voice. ‘I presume that’s what you wish to ask. Isn’t it obvious? I am that which you seek. I suppose I am the crux of yours and your allies’ story. The entire purpose to these… Alpha-Omega missions you have so haplessly blundered upon. And mark my words, they are merely just another naive attempt to foil my plans. Pointless. Futile. Lame.’
‘It’s you. You’re… Sho…’ stuttered Billy, but the words wouldn’t come.
‘Yes, you are of course correct,’ replied the voice. ‘And here I am. Right before you. Ready for the taking. So forgive me for wondering why you don’t make your gallant strike, and seize me?’ There was a moment of quiet, an opportunity for Billy to speak up, to make his move, but he did nothing. ‘Go ahead. Be the hero. End the war.’ But Billy could not find the courage to attack. The sheer importance of the situation, coupled with the intensity that this figure extended, overwhelmed him. ‘Perhaps you rely on Charlie and your friends more than you allow yourself to know. After all, young Billy, you may not yet remember your past, but you must be able to feel your chronicles under your skin. Sense it unraveling before you, like an inescapable transcript. You, my boy, are living a tragedy. And it unfolds before you without mercy or choice or redemption.’ Billy swallowed hard. What did this man know about him? The usual feelings began to swamp him when posed with a threat - rage, wild energy, and blind-sightedness. His leg shifted as he struggled to contain himself. ‘I would suggest that it would be unwise to make any rash moves, Billy. One word from me and your missing comrades are dead men.’
He should have heeded his warning, but those final words were the last Billy could take. The mere idea that the people closest to him were at the hands of this character right in front of him besieged his senses. Reason and strategy were all but gone. Now there was only rage. Billy leapt from his chair, bounding towards the scoundrel. The figure remained seated, swiftly lifting a long cane and jabbing Billy precisely in the neck, taking him off guard and stopping him dead in his tracks. Instantly he fell to the floor, clutching at his throat and choking from the strike. In his own good time the shadowed figure stood up and casually circled Billy. His outline was incredibly distinct. He was ever so slight, unusually tall and angular in stature. But the darkness of the room allowed for no other detail to be revealed.
‘When I heard that you were here, that you had stumbled across yet another one of my little projects, I just had to come. I’ve been very eager to meet you in person. To see if the rumours were true.’ The man carefully lifted Billy’s metal arm with his cane, raising it into a better light and studying the apparatus. ‘It would appear you belong in this world as much as I do.’
‘You know nothing about me,’ snarled Billy, snatching his arm away.
‘True… in some ways. But then truth can be assumed from many angles. I do, however, need to see if you really are as skilled as I’ve heard. It’s always important to know one’s enemy. Wouldn’t you agree? So, get up,’ the figure tapped him in the ribcage with the cane. ‘On your feet boy, or your friends are dead.’
Billy did as instructed - he had no choice. And he stood there, waiting whilst the villain circled him, sizing him up.
‘I know who you are,’ said Billy, with heart. ‘Charlie told me everything. I know your name.’
‘Did he now?’ replied the figure, leaning in. ‘Then say it,’ he whispered with malice. Billy could feel his blood boiling, searing his veins, his fists clenched and his heart pounded in his chest. ‘You aim to attack me. Very good. It’s precisely what I want. But know this, Billy Random, if you and your friends survive tonight, it is purely because I allow it.’
Billy didn’t tolerate another second to pass, heading straight for the attack, beginning as he meant to continue, full pelt with a spinning kick aimed directly at the villain’s head. But he was equally matched, and the rogue defended himself with the utmost of skill, rapidly blocking the kick with his cane, snapping the leg back down, and sending Billy off balance. But this character wasn’t going to give him a moment to think. Two sharp jabs to the stomach and a vicious swipe across the face sent Billy back to the floor. Blood dripped from the corner of his mouth. But he jumped to his feet and wiped himself clean, spitting as he growled. Without warning he lunged again. But the figure was incredible, unnatural, with speed like no other, casually moving out the way, and allowing Billy to slam into a chair and tumble over it.
‘You fight like a wild beast. Reckless and clumsy. So get up. Calm yourself. Then come at me again,’ ordered the villain.
Billy got to his feet, incensed with rage. He couldn’t control his anger, he never could, and this time was no exception. So he attacked without restraint. The shadows of the room made it hard to work out, but the fight was epic and skilled beyond belief, with a beautiful backdrop of lightning cracking through the window. 
They had two very different fighting styles. Billy, young, eager, with unparalleled power, lunging forwards without thought, every blow like it would be his last. While his opponent took a far more casual approach, playing out each move with consideration, ease and precision, dancing his way through the brawl, maneuvering with absolute elegance. The pair blocked each other’s attacks, swiped and weaved with grace and speed, moving with the agility of cats and the ferociousness of wild beasts. Anyone else would have been killed by the other within a moment, but these two matched each other move for move. The villain’s cane must have been made of something unbelievably durable, as each of Billy’s blows with his metal arm were deflected by the object and thrown back at him tenfold. The fight played out like this for a good while, yet Billy couldn’t help but feel like he was being toyed with, studied like a project in the making. 
‘I must say, quite impressive,’ began the figure. ‘But without the trained mind of Charlie to guide you, to hone such potentially remarkable skills, these talents are wasted on you. Make no mistake, Billy, whatever Charlie told you, he does not know as much as he likes to think. His ego betrays him.’ The pair continued to fight it out, moving around all the corners of the room, bouncing between the shadows. ‘My plans exceed whatever you could possibly imagine, and risk jeopardising the very fabric of what you’ve come to know as reality. From your perspective I am the bad guy, Billy. Charlie has taught you much. A great deal. But not nearly enough. You should fear me. And if you knew who I was, what I was capable of, what I have done, and what I will do, you would.’
‘You seem to be doing a lot of external dialoguing, which would probably be much better as internal monologue! Do you always talk this much trash? Cos your riddled sentences are kind of annoying,’ remarked Billy, sarcastically. 
‘Sarcasm. Excellent.’
Billy pushed himself beyond his limits, moving faster and with more resolve than he ever had before. But he still couldn’t get a decent hit on his target. He wasn’t used to such even odds. ‘What do you want from me, anyway?’ he asked, his voice reflecting his anger.
‘At this point, I must admit to a lack of certainty. A personal indulgence, perhaps? Several stories that I’ve heard on the wind have turned my head, and opened up an interest. Seldom do I come across something I have not already seen in this world. But you are as unique as I. One might even go as far as to suggest an offer of ally, perhaps,’ replied the figure.
‘You’re insane,’ laughed Billy.
‘Insanity, my dear boy, is measured only by the opinion and perspective of the onlooker. It is biased and inaccurate.’
‘You’ll be lucky, I’d never join you.’
‘Of course you will.’ The figure took a few short steps back, allowing Billy some room to lunge once again, but it was purely another misdirection, permitting the fiend to beat him with an array of attacks. ‘You’re merely a baby in this world. How much do you recall? Six months? A year, perhaps? You’re ripe for the taking. Easily manipulated. Molded as others see fit. Just as Charlie has proven with you.’
‘Go to hell,’ snapped Billy. ‘Why don’t you just end this, and have done with me?’
‘Young Billy, why would I end one of the few things left in this world that actually holds my interest? Besides, it’s important for me to have people on the ground. Ready to act out my orders. You would prove very useful to me. And the rewards would be exceptional.’
At long last the figure made his final strikes. He spun round to the back of Billy, too quick to counteract. With the tip of his cane he hit five vital spots over his body. It was like turning off a machine, the result was instantaneous. Billy went limp and dropped like a dead weight to the floor. He lay there, breathing desperately, the pain severe, unable to move, whilst the figure leant in close, glaring at him, his callous grey eyes breaking through the darkness. 
‘The greatest trick the Devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn’t exist.’ He spoke in barely a whisper. ‘After tonight, Hitler and his army will keep you and the boys too busy to get near me again. The war is getting worse, Billy. And you and Charlie are wasting your skills chasing ghosts! Innocent people are dying whilst you all massage your egos with these ridiculous adventures you pursue. Give them up whilst there are still lives to be saved.’ He tapped Billy on his metal shoulder and stood up. ‘It was a pleasure to have dueled with you, Billy Random. But for now, I am needed elsewhere. I’ll be watching you very closely though, be sure of that. And when I find a use for you, I will come for you, and you will obey. But for now, give my regards to Charlie and the boys, if you actually manage to get out of this one alive.’ The door to the room opened by itself and the figure walked to it, stopping momentarily in the frame. His figure was lit up from the light in the hallway and he looked ever more wicked, his harsh angles and extreme structure making him look almost demonic. ‘Oh, and one last thing. If we ever have the fortune of fighting hand to hand again, it will not be a test. It will be your death.’ 
The figure slammed the end of the cane to the floor and nonchalantly strolled off into the confines of the house. He was gone. Billy was alone, paralysed, beaten. The enemy had exceeded his greatest efforts. 
CHAPTER SEVEN

For the longest of times the house sat still. Its aged wood creaked, and a cold chill whipped throughout the building, causing the place to gently breathe like it was a great entity, rocking and swaying against the outside storm that ravaged its decrepit exterior. If one had an extensive enough imagination, it almost appeared as if the mansion was manipulating the weather, forcing it to lash out at the lone haven, keeping itself encircled by the terrorising conditions. 
At long last there was movement within the structure. Slow, unsteady, feeble. But there were also inquisitive eyes deducing things, making theories, piecing bits of the story together and exploring a trail that had thus far been overlooked. There he was, the most unlikely of heroes, as always looking rather out of sorts in such a place - Specks. It was evident he was in pain, clutching at his stomach with one hand whilst pushing his glasses up with the other, shuffling his way around the house. For once, his compactness had worked to his benefit, and after following a very short trail of scientific breadcrumbs unnoticed, he had discovered more than anyone would believe. How he had got in the mansion and why, he didn’t know. But what he did know was the current situation, and just how life-threatening it really was! After eavesdropping for as long as he could stay hidden, mumbling through an abundance of his own calculations, eradicating all immediate possibilities, he had reached his conclusion. And right now there was only one man that could help him - Billy Random.
So he searched, little by little, gaining as much distance between himself and the discovery he had just made as possible. He was riddled with shock from his revelations, jumping in fright every time a roll of thunder ripped through the house, and every so often he carefully peeled away the duct tape on his stomach to get a better look at the surgery, which looked yellow, sore, and appeared to be secreting a clear liquid ooze. He shuffled his way deeper into the house, room by room, avoiding eye contact with the creepy paintings, keeping as much to the light as possible and under no circumstances chancing a look in any of the huge and magnificent mirrors, overwhelmed with the fear of something rather sinister lurking behind him in the reflection.
‘Billy,’ he whispered in every doorway he came across. ‘Billy, are you there? It’s me, Specks. If you can hear me, say something. The audible responses will make it sufficiently easier for me to locate your whereabouts.’ But there was never a reply.
His search was tediously sluggish, and seemed frugal, as empty rooms piled up. Until at long last, purely by chance, he landed eyes on his target. Yet it was all too obvious that Billy was in as bad a shape as himself. The young man was slumped up against a wall, barely on his feet, his head hanging low with a few choice bruises apparent on his face, and blood stains on his shirt. 
‘Billy?’ called out Specks, overjoyed by a bit of good luck at last. His comrade looked up, instantly smiling at the sight of his friend. But as he took a step forward, the intensity of his injuries revealed themselves and he fell to the floor, defeated. Specks moved as quick as he could, wincing with pain as his haste aggravated his wound, finally giving in and dropping to his knees, crawling the last few steps. ‘Billy. Are you well? What happened to you?’
Specks tried to roll him on to his back, but he lacked the strength.
‘What didn’t happen to me!’ mumbled Billy facedown into the carpet, before rolling himself over and forcing out a short, painful chuckle. ‘You okay?’ he exhaled.
For a while the pair tried their best to help each other. They struggled between themselves to recuperate, finding a way of moving without causing their bodies too much pain, until finally giving up and resting against the wall of the hallway, in an uncomfortable slouch, a little too close for comfort. But neither could be bothered to move again.
‘So, what did happen to you?’ asked Specks, studying Billy’s concoction of bruises. He waved off the question with little more than a grunt. ‘Billy, pardon me for asking. But who did this to me?’ he questioned, cautious to mention the subject, but pointing to his wound nonetheless.
‘Ha. Me and Charlie. Impressed?’ Even through his exhausted and battered state, Billy seemed proud of himself.
‘Unfortunately not.’ Specks pushed his glasses up his nose with a trembling hand, before beginning a stuttered and nervous dissertation, concerning the surgery. ‘The wound itself is infected. This is probably brought on by the exposure to the unsanitary, unsterilised copper you have used against my raw flesh. Or perhaps it’s due to the adhesive glue that’s lining the tape, that is more than likely seeping its way into my open wound. It’s also likely that whoever’s hand entered the wound was soiled, contaminated and left behind toxins my body will try to reject. Everything needs to be removed, cleaned and redone by a skilled hand with sufficient equipment, and under the correct conditions.’ 
‘So… you aren’t impressed?’ asked Billy, a little too hopeful. 
‘The wound can wait, for now. That’s not what puzzled me.’ He delicately pulled the duct tape away, wincing and quietly squeaking as he did so. He once again pointed to the wound, but more specifically he pointed to some yellow puss formulating around where the copper met the flesh. ‘You see this yellow matter surrounding the insertions and exits? This is where the wound is trying to heal itself around your stitching.’ 
‘And that’s good, right?’ 
‘How long do you think we’ve been in this house?’
‘I dunno. A few hours maybe?’
‘Billy, this is three or four days’ value of healing,’ explained Specks.
‘You what? Not possible,’ interrupted Billy.
‘My estimated recovery time is accurate.’
‘But… how can that be?’
‘Sometimes the obvious answer is the only answer.’
‘Eh? What does that mean?’ snapped Billy.
‘Billy, my wound has been healing for three or four days,’ replied Specks, being deliberately slow with his words. ‘Now, come with me. I need to show you something.’
Specks led a puzzled Billy back through the mansion to the room where they had all taken sanctuary. The small geek shuffled over to a seemingly insignificant grate on one of the walls, and ran a finger along the rim of it. He presented it to Billy, covered in a fine white powder.
‘This is called oneirogenic general anesthetic. Do you know what that is?’
‘Know it? I can’t even say it!’ replied Billy, insulting himself. 
‘It’s an incapacitating agent, better known as knockout gas. And there are its remnants. It leaves behind a harmless white powder such as this.’ Specks dusted off his finger. ‘Billy, this room has been continuously pumped with sleeping gas for several days. And in closed quarters such as this, multiplied by our own general exhaustion, and the lack of any fresh uncontaminated air supplies, it would be quite effortless to keep us unconscious.’ 
‘Are you sure?’ 
‘So my next question was why,’ continued Specks, ignoring the question. 
‘I think I’ve got a pretty good idea!’ answered Billy, thinking back to his own grave encounter, not so long ago. 
‘I’m afraid I’m unaware of what happened to you, Billy. But I believe we were induced into our comatose state, to open up the opportunity of time and zero resistance for experimental gain.’ Specks shuffled towards the alcove and flicked the light switch multiple times in quick succession. As expected, nothing happened. ‘No electricity, correct?’ Billy nodded, hopeful this little lecture might lead somewhere of relevance soon. ‘And it’s the same in every room. I checked.’ Billy followed Specks into the hallway. ‘However, there is one exception to the rule.’
‘Blimey Specks. Can you hurry this up? We’ve got to find the boys, and fast.’
Specks reached over to another light switch on a nearby wall and flicked it on,  pointing a shaky finger towards the downwards staircase. Sure enough, down there, in the darkness, a single light bulb was lit, slowly swinging from side to side, surging with light, inconsistent in its flow.
‘Okay, well done. You’ve found a light that works,’ mocked Billy. ‘But how come there is power down there, but not anywhere else?’ 
‘That’s what I wondered.’
Very gradually the two injured soldiers made their way down the steps, clutching onto each other like walking aids, until finally they reached the light. They were at the bottom of the stairs, and before them sat a single red door, interesting only in the fact that it boasted a massive succession of locks. Yet they were all unlocked.
‘Specks, did you do this?’ asked Billy, intrigued. 
Specks simply grinned in response, his eyes falling to an electrical box to the right of the door, which was open and had clearly been tampered with. Wires were twisted and reconnected in such a way that it was obvious this was the handiwork of the little scientist. Billy hit him on the shoulder in pride, causing them both the utmost of unnecessary pain. Without thinking, Billy went to open the door, Specks grabbed at him, trying to pull him back, almost failing. 
‘Billy, I feel I must warn you,’ he stammered, his nerves getting the better of him. ‘Especially as you have that temper of yours… and without the presence of Charlie to keep you in check.’ Billy threw Specks a dirty look. ‘Billy, you are going to see things in there that are going to make you very… angry.’
‘What are you talking about? I’m a castle of composure!’ quarreled Billy. 
‘Ha. Yes. Quite. But all joking aside, I’ve not seen anything quite like this before. Definitely nothing of this magnitude. I mean the sheer technology behind it is fascinating. As soon as I understood the purpose to the design…’ But Specks realised his own excitement, and came back to the issue at hand. ‘You have to promise me you’ll keep yourself calm.’
After a brief argument, consisting of Specks cowering every time Billy moved too fast, Billy eventually gave in, inevitably promising to behave himself within the levels that his comrade begged. As quietly as they could, they opened the door and entered the room. What they saw took Billy’s breath away. 
Specks instantly ducked down behind a metal barrier, dragging Billy with him as best he could. Together they peered over the top and took it all in. Of course they were in the basement, but it had been immensely kitted out, and the room itself was unusually huge. The most imposing and immediate strangeness was the noise - a repeating churn of metal on metal, with a dull undertone of power constant in the background. The entire room had been sculpted out to create a large circular space, rigged with metal girders, which were holding up the rooftop, and running the full length of the room, from left to right, and front to back. Specks and Billy were standing on a metal grilled walkway high at the top of the room, which circled the entire outskirts, with four staircases leading to the bottom. Downstairs, in the centre, surrounded by a profusion of mechanical devices, pipes and cables, was a massive metal structure, similar to a drum - cylindrical, with a wheel repeatedly spinning around in it at an incredible speed. The whole experiment was sitting on a raised metal grated platform, which was very slightly above the uneven ground beneath. However, the real shock was what was plugged into the metal drum. 
There they were, their missing comrades. Charlie, Yankee and Doodle, unconscious, each strapped into individual metal body harnesses, which looked like open coffins, hanging above the ground via thick ropes. They had wires coming out of them, skull caps on, all connecting to a large panel resting just behind their heads, which itself, led back to an unusual control panel on the metal drum. All the while a group of Nazi scientists buzzed about, exchanging ideas and taking notes, paying particular notice to a group of monitor screens that had numerous moving images flashing up on them. 
‘What the hell?’ said Billy, overwhelmed by the sight, his instincts preparing him to attack. But Specks pinched him. ‘Ouch!’
‘You promised,’ he whispered, pointing an anxious finger at the man.
Billy was furious. ‘Okay, tell me then. What the heck is going on?’
‘I listened to the scientists comparing notes. It seems like it’s some kind of virtual simulation machine. It projects images, harnesses your dreams, keeps you suspended in a false reality of your own making. It’s designed to lower the captive’s inhibitions, open up the mind, and learn their secrets.’
‘And I bet Charlie was the target,’ remarked Billy, shaking his head in disbelief.
‘I imagine you are correct. Right now they could be getting coordinates for base locations, weaknesses to all our best weapons…’
‘Hang on, how come I haven’t been taken and experimented on? What, am I not important enough or something?’ demanded Billy, defensively, sounding rather put out about being excluded.
‘How do you know you haven’t already been?’ replied Specks, giving Billy a pensive look over the rim of his glasses. ‘We’ve all been here for an adequate amount of days. Enough time to carry out a considerable quantity of experiments, on five unsuspecting subjects such as us. A number of things could have happened, and we wouldn’t have ever known about it.’
Billy slyly peered over the top of the barrier and studied the area again. By his count there were twelve Nazi scientists, all of whom looked puny and posed little or no threat. However, stationed far at the back of the room, resting up and smoking were another twelve Nazi soldiers. Half of them looked out of shape, the other half very young, but all were armed. He pulled himself back down and thought for a moment.
‘Well, I suppose I can drop down there and get the jump on the soldiers…’
‘That is a very illogical idea, Billy,’ said Specks a little uneasily. But he was right, even with his skills, Billy was in no fit state to attack a squadron all by himself. What Billy liked to forget was that every time things had got too much for him, Charlie had always been there to pull him out by the skin of his teeth. The situation was very different to what they were used to. Between the two battered soldiers, the pair had a significant lack of force against an amount of enemies such as this. ‘Besides, it would be highly likely that a gun fight would ensue, and we can’t risk stray bullets flying about with the Captain and the boys down there. No, for this to succeed we will have to try something different.’
‘So, what do we do?’
Specks took off his glasses and fastidiously cleaned them, raising them into a better light to ensure they were smudge free. He pushed them back up his nose, before returning his attention to the situation at hand, slowly peering over the barrier and surveying the extra-large science experiment. His eyes immediately fell to the metal floor holding everything up - he wasn’t sure, but he theorised he could just about squeeze underneath. Almost automatically his eyes snapped to the right of the room, where spools and spools of copper wiring sat on oversized reels - he could always find a reason to use wires! His mind was racing with ideas, but every time he worked them through, they failed, save for one. It was cumbersome, rather outlandish and could be hazardous to the boys - but it was all he had.  
‘I may have a theory, but I’m missing something. I need a conductor of sorts.’
‘You what?’ asked Billy, a little short with the man. 
‘A… a conductor,’ he stuttered. ‘Something that will not only attract electricity, but also something strong enough to harness it. A thick heavy metal rod.’
Straightaway, Billy remembered being outside in the storm, apparently days ago, and how eager the lightning was to hit him - it must have been because of his arm.
‘I’ve got one,’ he said, pushing his smooth metal arm over to Specks, offering it. Specks shook his head, instantly pushing it away. ‘Will it work?’ But the man refused to answer. ‘Will it work?’ demanded Billy, his voice startling Specks.
‘Yes. But…’
‘But nothing. You needed something to make your idea work, and this is it. We’ve got to save them.’ Specks looked over at Billy, concern etched across his face. ‘Unless you have a better idea?’ Specks considered all the possibilities for a minute, but shook his head in reply. ‘So what’s the plan?’
‘Overload,’ he replied, grimly. 
CHAPTER EIGHT

The optimistic, radical and downright haphazard plan had begun. With his movements masked by the noise of the machines, using his best covert skills, and directed rather sheepishly by Specks who was doing little more than point a shaky finger, Billy had got to work. Like a ghost he snuck himself along the entire length of the walkway, down the staircase, jumping over the side railings as he neared the bottom. Landing without a sound, he headed over to the right of the room, grabbing one of the spools of copper wiring, hurriedly taking it back up to Specks. Together they crept out of the basement and planted themselves upstairs in the hallway. As instructed, Billy unraveled the thick copper wiring into two large hoops. And now he waited, sitting with his metal arm stretched out, the little scientist repeatedly coiling the wire around it, keeping it very tight, very precise, all the while muttering impossible calculations under his breath.
Yet whilst the unlikely duo concentrated on their precarious experiment, intrigued eyes watched with great curiosity. High above the pair, a gothic painting hung - a gorgeous golden framed picture of an eerie old man sitting in a wooden chair, doing nothing out of the ordinary. But there was something very wrong with his eyes - they were real. Sure enough, a single eye, not belonging to the painting, watched the pair working on the floor below, eagerly studying their actions. A shutter closed, replacing the watching eye with the painting’s rightful set. 
Unknown to everyone else in the mansion, hidden behind the painting, was a small dark room that was most likely one of several secret quarters the building had to offer. The One Eyed Man who had earlier taken a rather good shot at Specks, moved away from his view point and stood to attention. Next to him, in another luxurious red leather chair, sat the fiend with the cane. He patiently dwelled in the shadows, his grey eyes cutting through the darkness, scrutinizing the top of his cane.
‘Do you wish me to dispose of them, Master?’ asked the One Eyed Man in a heavy German accent.
‘Unnecessary,’ he replied, indifferent to the suggestion. 
‘But Master, they wish to disable your project.’
‘I know very well what they intend to do. But everything has its time. The project has served me well, and found me a few colourful delights to hold over our old friend, Charlie. They will prove most useful indeed.’ He smiled a creepy lipless grin. 
‘But Master…’
‘But nothing,’ he snapped. ‘It would be prudent to remember your place, soldier. Besides, this project, this house and these people are all expendable.’ The shadowed figure took a long drawn-out breath, taking his own good time with his words. ‘I am interested to see if our two English boys downstairs succeed with their little experiment. It’s deadly. It’s risky. And perhaps it may actually be quite exciting. Something the Germans sometimes lack!’ He spoke as if he was bored of life itself. ‘If he dies, he dies. But if he survives, then my minor intrigue in the boy will be rapidly elevated to fascination.’ In a cavalier manner the villain stepped up from his chair and headed towards a door. The One Eyed Man promptly opened it for him. ‘Let’s go and watch the rest of the show, shall we?’
It had taken him far longer than he had anticipated, but finally Specks had finished his work. He perused the end result, moving his glasses to and fro from his eyes, to better magnify his labour. He gently turned the arm from left to right, ensuring a good view from all angles. In the meantime however, Billy’s patience was rapidly depleting. 
‘Is it done?’ he  asked, a little short-tempered.
‘Some of the coiling is sparse in areas. And the wiring itself has corroded in places. Perhaps with more time I could…’
‘Yeah, forgetting all that boring science stuff, is it ready?’
‘Yes, it’s ready,’ replied Specks. ‘But I feel I should warn you again…’
‘Don’t bother,’ interrupted Billy, grateful to pull his arm away from the little man. ‘I’m well aware of the risks.’ The pair struggled to their feet, both still looking the worse for wear. Billy picked up the unused loop of copper and carefully placed it over Specks head, looking like a ridiculously oversized necklace, and causing the geek to wobble from the weight. Smirking to himself, Billy picked up the remaining loop which led to the experiment currently wrapped around his metal arm, and swung it over his shoulder. ‘Well, I guess this is where we go our separate ways.’
‘Correct. Now you remember exactly what you have to do?’
‘It’s not rocket science, Specks!’
‘I don’t see what combustion engines have to do with anything,’ he mumbled in a  confused response.
‘Well…’ said Billy, trying his best to think of something uplifting to say. But nothing came, so he simply held out his gloved hand.
Specks was clearly uncomfortable with the gesture, and looked around awkwardly, pushing his glasses back up his nose, then reaffirming his grip on the coil resting around his shoulders. Eventually he held out a limp hand and Billy shook it vigorously. And with nothing left to say to each other, the two soldiers went their separate ways, Billy up the staircase towards the grandfather clock, and Specks downstairs, back towards the basement, both unraveling their coils as they moved.
Specks re-entered the basement, immediately ducking down to his hiding spot. He was completely out of his comfort zone, the stress was causing him to sweat profusely, and his movements were jerky. He checked over the barrier multiple times in quick succession. The broken images showed him one of the scientists injecting some kind of serum into Charlie’s arm. Specks waited for a moment, doing nothing but stare off into the distance with wide eyes, breathing a little too hastily - he was scared. But in due course he gathered himself together and made his move. 
Staying as low as possible, he crept around the walkway, unraveling the copper wiring and wrapping it around the railings repeatedly, before arriving at the top of the metal staircase. Being small, light on his feet, and the room being advantageously noisy, Specks’ presence had thus far gone unnoticed. Step by step, he made his way to the bottom of the stairs, coiling the copper around the hand rail every few steps, until reaching the bottom. Landing quietly on the metal platform he suddenly found himself shaking uncontrollably with nerves. But he had no time to spare. Perhaps it was a mistaken nerve-racked fall, or an intentional hop, but Specks dropped off the side of the platform, landing on the dirt below. Instantly he fell on his belly, and began to crawl his way underneath the metal floor, dragging himself along as best he could, wincing as his fragile wound was tormented by the movement. He reached the centre of the room, resting directly beneath the underbelly of the cylindrical drum. Specks pulled the coil off his person and rolled onto his back, catching his breath for a moment. Immediately above him was the bottom of the power source to the experiment, a black metal structure ridged with metal plates, and thankfully, as Specks had theorised, was bolted directly to the metal platform. Specks smiled to himself - his idea might just work. 
Meanwhile, Billy made his way up the staircases, unraveling the copper wire behind him, though far more erratically than his comrade downstairs. He moved with haste, taking three steps at a time. 
‘Great idea, Billy,’ he grumbled to himself. ‘Here, use my arm. Use my arm? Use my flipping arm?’ He was shouting sarcastically like a crazed man, his annoyance with himself obvious. ‘No, I don’t mind getting electrocuted, honest. Why not add a gun and a round of bullets, just to make sure? I must be insane. Bloody idiot!’
After a series of indistinguishable staircases, Billy came to a dead end, with nothing but a single door to offer. He opened it, finding himself in the attic. It was huge, littered with discarded paintings, ornaments, and antiques of unknown value. The storm was drastically louder up here, and as a result parts of the roof were tearing away. Billy moved along the wooden floorboards, dodging the occasional missing slat, heading towards a light at the very end of the eaves - yet another staircase. On reaching it he looked upwards and could see the stairs led into a crooked tower. Whatever it was for, it was open to the elements, with sparse panels on all sides, the structure fragile and old, swaying around from the onslaught of winds. Billy was tired and out of breath as he made his way up the warped staircase, feeling the wind and the rain and the cold hitting him with every step. Soon he reached the top, pushing his way through a stiff hatch, arriving at the very top of the tower. It was little more than a flat platform, with four posts holding up a small roof above his head. Instantly Billy felt the weather push him around like he was a ragdoll. He dropped to his knees and clung onto one of the posts, looking out at the tempest. The weather was truly incredible - grey skies covered in thick cloud stretched in every direction, rain poured down from the heavens by the bucket load, the wind tore across the land, ripping up trees and dragging them away All the while lightning slammed down into the earth, the bellowing thunder never ceasing. Billy wrapped all that was left of the wiring around his arm and readied himself. This was it. 
Back in the basement, Specks had all but finished his work. Out of sight of the Nazis, both scientist and soldier, the little man had used up the entire length of his copper wiring, wrapping it around the bottom of the cylindrical drum together with the grated metal platform that held it up. Quiet as a mouse he crawled away from his work to a safe enough distance in the corners of the room, keeping himself well grounded in the dirt, and remaining out of sight. All he had to do now was wait. 
Back at the opposite end of the mansion, high up in a tower, Billy was shouting outrageous remarks at the thunderstorm circling above his head, ordering it to strike him down. He had now clambered his way on top of the roof and was standing rather unsteadily, waving his wired-up metal arm in the air like a lunatic, begging the storm to notice him. 
‘Come on you temperamental old bugger.’ The thunder echoed across the land, as if answering the rogue soldier. ‘Give me all you’ve got. I can take it.’ Lightning struck down in the courtyard outside. ‘You think I’m scared of you, after the things I’ve seen?’ Billy stretched out, reaching as high up as he possibly could. ‘You’re not scary. I’ve seen light bulbs with more power than you!’ But all too soon a colossal reply broke out of the sky and headed straight for him.
Everything seemed to happen in slow motion. For the briefest of moments the storm subsided, retracting its array of assaults and letting an eerie calm rest along the land. But instantly the tempest reignited, slaughtering the tranquility and heading straight for Billy. The clouds gave birth to a huge, horrific bolt of lightning, as if spawned from Hell itself. It ripped out of the darkness, tearing through the sky at an absurd speed, before hitting Billy in the arm. He and the storm were connected. He screamed out in pain, the strike bringing his arm alive as it unwillingly rose skywards, the pain coursing through his body. Billy yelled and swore as more lightning was drawn towards him, repeatedly striking the intended conductor. Time and time again he was hit, until the continual attack was so intense that he disappeared in a glow of white light. Sure enough, the electricity burst down the copper wiring, the heat from it leaving a wake of fire behind it. It shot down the staircase, setting the crooked tower alight. It headed into the house, along the floor of the attic, down the staircases, igniting the carpeted floors as it moved. With speed it reached the basement, running along the railings, down the stairs, under the platform, until finally hitting the cylindrical drum. 
The electricity began to surge around the room, grabbing the scientists’ attention. They dropped what they were doing, all focused on the cylindrical drum which was quickly overloading, spinning faster with every turn, the noise quickly becoming unbearable. The soldiers picked up their weapons and joined the scientists, who were all looking rather baffled. The electrical charge began to spread, at first only flicking out shocks that merely tingled the skin, but quickly the apparatus in the room began to blow up. BAM. Two soldiers and a scientist went down. The cylindrical drum exceeded its speed, its metal structure fracturing. And then it happened. The electricity consumed the room. It came to life in the heart of the cylindrical drum, crackling up its sides, before finally lashing out, extending in every direction with dangerous consequences. The scientists and soldiers could do nothing to avoid it, helpless as their own electrocution played out. They shook uncontrollably, their eyes rolling in their sockets, the rubber soles of their shoes doing little to help, merely melting from the heat. One by one they dropped to their knees, collapsing in frazzled heaps on the floor. The cylindrical drum shattered, panels splintering as they fell, and a single ball of flame erupted from the top, the force sending anyone left standing slamming into the walls. The flame hit the ceiling with immense force, until burning out. The drum powered down, dead. The electricity dispersed and the room went still. The experiment was over. The repercussions however, were as yet unknown. 
CHAPTER NINE

Specks waited on tenterhooks, at the edge of the metal platform, his eyes peering through his glasses at his imprisoned comrades. Now was the time to be cautious, to time things just right - long enough that he could ensure the electricity surge had completely dispersed, but not so long that the Nazis had time to rouse and discover what he and Billy had done. Muttering calculations and theories under his breath, he counted down to zero, ultimately taking a hesitant step onto the platform. There was no electrical reaction. Confident he could continue, Specks shuffled his way over to a series of windlasses that were placed on a nearby column.
‘If my calculations are correct,’ he mumbled to himself, as he studied the mechanisms, ‘the suspended isolation of the Captain and the brothers, coupled with the facts that they are held up by non-conductive means, and that their only attachment to the machine or its relations is fragile wiring that would most definitely melt before passing a complete current into their bodies, means they should all be, in theory, unscathed by the electrocution.’
With great effort, Specks cranked the windlasses free, and rather roughly the three men were lowered to the ground with a bump. On impact the harnesses entrapping them sprung open and their limp bodies were released, flopping facedown onto the metal platform. Specks walked with difficulty to Charlie, dropping to his knees, heaving the large man onto his back with all his strength. Thankfully he could see that he was breathing. He tugged the cap off his head and placed it to one side, before delicately removing the rest of the wiring which was somewhat melted - some were electrodes stuck on the skin, and others inserted directly into his flesh. Specks quickly turned his attention to the brothers, crawling over to them, whilst clutching at his stomach, which was starting to secrete an odd coloured bile. As quickly as he could manage he did the same for them, before himself collapsing on the floor, utterly drained.
But there was no time to rest, as out of the blue Charlie flinched and groaned, immediately catching Specks’ attention. Sure enough, the Captain’s body was twitching. Within seconds Specks was back on his feet, scurrying over to him. He stumbled over one of the Nazis guns, booting it into the side of Charlie by mistake.
‘Captain? Captain Crumble? Can you hear me?’ he asked, half collapsing on to the man, before gently slapping his cheeks in an attempt to wake him. He put two fingers on Charlie’s left wrist and counted the beats. ‘Pulse is strong.’ He placed a hand on his forehead. ‘Temperature slightly elevated. But nothing unexpected.’
But in his concentration of playing nurse, Specks had not noticed that behind him one of the Nazi soldiers had woken, dazed, confused and incredibly angry. The soldier quickly got his bearings, shaking off the effects of the electrocution, wiping blood that was dripping from his nose, and was now seeing what was occurring in the room. His dark eyes clamped onto the little saviour, still busy trying to wake Charlie. Without a sound the Nazi picked up his rifle from the floor, took aim and began to approach the man, unnoticed.
‘Captain?’ asked Specks, as the soldier behind him stepped closer. ‘Sir?’ The Nazi moved closer still. ‘Please wake up, Captain.’ The enemy was almost upon him, with his finger rested on the trigger, ready to squeeze. ‘Charlie?’
All of a sudden Charlie’s hand came to life, snatching the gun kicked at him just moments ago. He was so quick in his movements. Charlie opened his eyes, raised his head, aimed at the approaching Nazi, and shot him twice in the chest. The soldier instantly went down, dead. Charlie dropped the gun, his head fell back down, and he let out a painful breath. 
‘Specks,’ he croaked, his throat dry and hoarse, having not spoken for days. ‘What have I told you about keeping an eye on the entire area?’
‘Always mind your surroundings,’ came the brother’s unexpected answer in unison. 
Charlie and Specks glanced over to see the two brothers helping each other up from the ground, already demonstrating a little bit of sibling rivalry in the form of light punches and shoves, coupled with pats on the back and handshakes. Charlie pulled himself up, using Specks as a crutch, allowing himself a brief moment to get his head together.
‘Captain. You… and the brothers were taken,’ stuttered Specks, who was clearly feeling unwell, but all too eager to explain things to him. ‘And then you were kept in a prolonged state of R.E.M sleep, a state of unconsciousness, sir. And the scientists…’ He pointed haphazardly at the floored figures. ‘They were manipulating and… possibly even causing you all to have vivid dreams. You see Captain, my theory is that this machine is designed to…’
But Charlie raised a hand and silenced the man. ‘The science experiment is over. You can bring me up to speed later.’ Charlie’s voice was resolute, but Specks looked a little upset by the interruption. ‘It’s okay, Specks. You can put it all in your report. Now, everybody check in.’
Yankee and Doodle had already found their way over to their weapons, which were stashed on a table near the back of the room, along with all of their possessions.
‘Little woozy, Cap. But I’ll be all set for action in three minutes, tops!’ replied Yankee, swinging his sub-machine gun round to his back, whilst holstering his pistol.
‘Yeah, check that, Captain. Five minutes, a couple of shots of tequila, and I’ll be ready to take on Hitler himself!’ added Doodle, trying to outdo his brother. He holstered his duel pistols, and began loading his shotgun, grabbing every available bullet he could find.
Yankee picked up his deck of cards and shoved them in his boot, before throwing his bag round his back. He snatched up Charlie’s pistol and photo, and passed them over to him, with a respectful nod. 
‘Where’s Billy?’ asked Charlie, perplexed at the boy’s absence, holstering his gun and delicately sliding the photo into his jacket pocket. 
‘Erm… You see… Captain…’ stammered Specks, trying his best to think where to start. ‘The thing is… He was very insistent… And you know he never listens to me…’ 
Charlie and the brothers waited with as much patience as they could muster as Specks fumbled his way through an explanation. But before he could get anywhere of great detail a second voice, familiar only to Charlie, announced itself, seizing everyone’s attention. 
‘Perhaps I could spread some illumination on that,’ came the sinister, and all too delighted voice from above. They all looked up to the entrance of the basement. There he was, standing relaxed, casually resting on his cane, looking down his nose at them all. He was the purpose for their entire backlog of missions, their final goal, their ultimate villain, and he was within reach. He remained hidden in the shadows, his grey eyes piercing through the darkness at them. The One Eyed Man stood next to him, like a gigantic bodyguard, a sniper rifle in hand. ‘The boy is dead.’  
‘You lie,’ proclaimed Charlie, taking a bold step forward.
‘Do I?’
The ambience in the room had instantly changed at the announcement of the villain. This was serious. And given long enough, fear would immobilize them all. So they made a rash move. Charlie, Yankee and Doodle all went for their guns, desperate to take a shot, but none of them were fast enough, as the One Eyed Man swiftly raised his sniper rifle and targeted Specks’ head. 
Charlie dropped his pistol back into its holster and nodded to his men to stand down. Yankee and Doodle did so, begrudgingly. 
‘I take it this is your doing,’ remarked Charlie.
‘Of course,’ grinned the fiend.
‘And what exactly do you want with us?’
‘Charlie, my dear friend, I don’t have time to engage in such senseless small talk with you. It’s irrelevant for you to know anything more than I wish to allow. Besides, conversing with me is merely your naive attempt at stalling my next move, allowing yourself time to think up some kind of strategy to claim victory over me. Am I right?’ Charlie didn’t reply. ‘Of course I am. One thing you always forget Charlie, I am the smartest person in every room. Always. Without exception. You rely on fighting far too much to win. You think muscle is might. I disagree. The mind is truly what is all-powerful.’ Charlie thought as quickly as he could, somehow hoping to outwit the man standing over them all. ‘But already I have divulged too much. I should probably be on my way. You know, I’m finding your company quite boring today. You all really need to lighten up! So, ta-ta for now, Charlie. I’m certain we’ll cross paths again.’
Charlie growled with contempt, taking another bold step forward, but the One Eyed Man took a single shot at the floor just in front of his feet. And without warning he pulled a smoke grenade from his belt and tossed it at them. Immediately it ignited into a thick cloud of black smoke, flooding the room in a thick heavy smog, momentarily blinding the squad. Moments later it began to clear, the boys coughing and spluttering on its fumes. Charlie’s eyes narrowed as he saw an empty space where his nemesis had once been standing. He and his disfigured bodyguard were gone.  
‘On my heels,’ ordered Charlie, already striding up the stairs three at a time.
With rage in his heart the Captain tore out of the basement, eager to get his hands on the fleeing fiend. The front door was ajar, swinging back and forth in the terrorising winds. Charlie didn’t care, but he could see the house had caught fire, and it was spreading up the walls and along the carpets, quickly engulfing the beautiful décor and features. He burst through the front door, landing on the porch, ready for anything. The torrential weather took him off balance, his head still dizzy from his episode with the experiments, his body weak from the concoction of drugs he’d had pumped into it. He jumped off the porch and landed in water. Sure enough the swamp had flooded from the rain and now dominated the entire front of the property. He stopped himself for a moment, squinting around to better see his target, but it was almost impossible to make out anything of clarity. But just then a familiar noise sounded, a noise he was grateful to hear - it was Billy. 
Charlie looked up just in time to see Billy’s distinct body tumbling down the multitudes of rooftops of the mansion. He was screaming, yelling and even swearing as he bounced against his will, his arm smashing through tiles as he tried to stop himself. Rapidly he ran out of rooftop and fell from the building, landing face down in the water and mud, right at Charlie’s feet. The Captain rolled him over with his boot.
‘Billy, you alright lad?’ he asked, thrilled to see the boy alive. There was still some copper wiring wrapped around his arm, and his clothes were singed all over, but he was definitely breathing, and his eyes were wide open, looking around mystified as to his whereabouts. Charlie held out a hand and pulled him to his feet. ‘Speak, Billy.’
The brothers skidded clumsily into the gathering, Specks clinging onto Yankee’s back like a human backpack. Quickly they welcomed the boy with happy jeers at his expense and manly embraces. 
‘If anyone is taking note,’ he said, breathless, exhausted, struggling to focus on anything in particular, and patting himself in case of phantom fires. ‘Me, me right here, this guy, the one, the only, Billy Random…’ He pointed two thumbs at himself, stretching a grin across his blackened face. ‘I can withstand direct contact with lightning. Yup.  Me and lightning get on like a house on fire.’ He looked to the mansion to see that it actually was on fire, with flames bellowing out the windows. ‘And I can take electricity of ridiculous levels!’ The men smiled at him, impressed. ‘Seriously, seriously hurts though.’
But Charlie could hear something besides the storm, and he burst down the waterlogged pathway in the direction of the noise, followed closely by his squad. 
‘We did not just stumble across this project,’ he shouted back to the men, clearly heated and determined. ‘We were pushed here. Specks was not shot to kill. He was wounded on purpose, so we would be forced to take refuge at the closest possible location. This place. We were made to expose ourselves, so that those bastards could take advantage, and weasel their way into our minds.’
He raced ahead, leaving through the gates and turning left - his keen ears were closing in on the source of the noise. He ran through a cluster of trees that were swaying and lashing out in the winds. Charlie emerged into a clearing, pausing for only a second. Before him were two large black helicopters. He’d not seen the likes of these before, but he had heard about their designs and the test flights, and even been privy to looking over the blue prints. It didn’t surprise him that his arch-nemesis had managed to get his hands on such a prize. The closest helicopter immediately took off, carrying with it his two targets - sure enough, the shadowed figure and the One Eyed Man were safely on board, sitting in the fuselage. Charlie was desperate, and all too eager. Without thought he charged forward, heading for the second chopper, but the two pilots loading it caught sight of him and pulled their guns on the charging man. He didn’t have time to stop, take cover or change direction. The gunfire sounded, but he wasn’t hit. He watched the two Nazis slump to the floor, dead, and Doodle stepped out of the tree line with his shotgun in his hands, the barrels smoking. 
‘I got your back, Cap,’ he boasted.
Charlie slammed into the side of the helicopter, already aware he didn’t know the first thing about how to fly the vehicle. 
‘Dammit,’ he barked, slamming a fist against the thing, and glaring up at the escaping chopper. 
‘Wow, I ain’t never seen one of these before,’ remarked Yankee.
‘Me neither. What the hell is that, Captain?’ asked Doodle.
‘This appears to be a rotorcraft,’ stated Specks, who was still clinging onto the back of Yankee. ‘Designed to take off and land vertically. Still in prototype stage. They’re brand new. Very rare. Very impressive. Very complicated.’
‘And the bad guy’s got two of ’em?’ asked Doodle.
‘Well, no. Now we got one,’ chuckled Yankee, high-fiving his brother.
‘Unfortunately, this is nothing like a plane. Completely different type of piloting involved. Complicated mainly by the controlling of the dual rotors. One on the main shell and one on the tail…’ added Specks.
Charlie stared into the storm, watching his target slip through his fingers, as Specks volunteered too much information about exactly why they wouldn’t be able to fly the helicopter. He was so angry, so personally anguished by the events that had unfolded that he was struggling to contain his normal composure. But then Billy cleared his throat and said something that totally changed his mood.  
‘I can fly it,’ he said, hesitantly. Everyone turned and looked at him, bemused by the statement. He began ripping the last of the copper wiring off his arm, and straightened his tie. ‘Don’t ask me how. Don’t ask me what. Don’t ask me why. But I recognise this machine. It’s familiar to me. I know how it works. And I can fly it.’
‘Well, that’s good enough for me,’ replied Charlie, in no need of any further explanation, slapping a grateful hand on Billy’s back. ‘Everybody on board. Let’s end this.’
Billy jumped into the pilot’s seat, Specks joining him at his side, watching his moves with excited eyes. Billy was clearly keyed up, finding his way around the complicated equipment with capable hands. He grasped the steering column, flicking a few dozen switches without thought, all the while ignoring the little scientist’s many questions. Both sets of propellers began to rotate, causing the entire helicopter to shake. Charlie and the brothers jumped into the fuselage, clinging tight to the side. Billy grasped the steering lever, which Specks informed him was called a cyclic, he pushed down a pedal at his feet, and released the brake, which Specks animatedly explained was named a collective. The helicopter took off, unsteadily launching and heading into the storm, in hot pursuit of their target. The chase wasn’t over just yet.
It was a rough ride, mainly due to the weather. Billy pushed the helicopter beyond its limits, quickly diminishing the distance between themselves and the enemy. He struggled against the endless winds that threw the chopper around precariously. It wasn’t long before they were right on the tail of the other helicopter, though visibility was poor. 
‘Level this thing up,’ shouted Charlie.
‘Yeah, I’ll get right on that,’ replied Billy, sarcastically.
Charlie hung out the side of the helicopter, standing with one foot on its feet. He was all too eager, blinded by his objective. He aimed his pistol at the direction of the fleeing helicopter and shot every bullet he had. But the distance was too great, and the bullets missed their target. He pulled himself back inside.
‘Put that infernal machine down now,’ he ordered his men.
The brothers leant out, Charlie holding onto the back of their uniforms, allowing them to better steady themselves. Persistently they shot through the darkness in the direction of their target, hitting the side of the fuselage. The fleeing helicopter noticed them and began to take evasive maneuvers, arching from left to right as it evaded the Americans’ onslaught. 
‘Billy, get me as close to that thing as possible,’ shouted Charlie.
Billy did as instructed, maneuvering the helicopter to dangerous proximities. One wrong move and they were certain to collide. Without warning, Charlie leapt from the fuselage, swiftly soaring through the air, landing roughly on the runners of the fleeing helicopter. He clung on for dear life, the metal slippery in the rain. The One Eyed Man appeared, looming over him. The last time the two men had clashed in quarters as close as this was during their epic fight on top of the train that incredible night - but this time the roles were reversed. Immediately the One Eyed Man began stamping down on Charlie’s grip, grinning as he did so. But Charlie wasn’t there to fight. He was there to work. He pulled a small metallic device from the inside of his boot and slapped it onto the underbelly of the helicopter, sticking it securely in place.
‘Sorry,’ growled the One Eyed Man. ‘No humans allowed.’
With a glare of revenge in his only eye, he lifted up his foot and stamped it down ferociously on Charlie’s hand. He lost his grip. He fell. But Billy and his squad were ready for him. He had already maneuvered the helicopter beneath him, rapidly arching it onto its side, somehow catching the Captain in the fuselage, colliding with Yankee and Doodle in a vain effort to grab hold of the man. 
But there was no time to rest.
In the fleeing helicopter, the shadowed figure remained seated in his chair, looking, but not turning his head, at the keen attackers. Casually he lifted up his cane and tapped a large crate on the floor. 
‘This is growing tedious. End this,’ he sighed. ‘End this now.’
The One Eyed Man nodded in response, ripping open the crate and pulling out a bazooka. He rested it on his shoulder and aimed it at the chasers. Without faltering he fired, sending the rocket soaring directly towards them.
‘Everyone take cover,’ yelled Charlie as he locked eyes on the advancing rocket.
Billy tried to avoid the shot, yanking the steering lever right, arching the helicopter, but it was already too late. The rocket hit the tail, exploding the rotor to pieces, instantly crippling the machine. Billy lost control, and they rapidly fell into a deep spin, heading straight down, fast. Everything that followed was blind luck from here on out. 
As the ground approached Charlie deliberated their only option, repeating the order to his men: ‘Jump and roll. Jump and roll. Jump and roll.’
With nothing more than a few feet between themselves and the ground, Billy grabbed Specks, dragging him with him as he booted the cockpit door open and took a leap of faith, the pair disappearing into the void outside. Charlie and the brothers followed, jumping for their lives just as the helicopter hit the ground, the impact launching them high into the air. The propellers shattered and the fuselage folded in on itself. All too quickly the entire squadron smashed onto the grassy floor, rolling over and over. All were out for the count, aside from Charlie. He rolled along the earth, before springing to his feet and bursting into a run in the direction of the fleeing helicopter. But it was too late. He was gone.
‘SHOEBOX STONE,’ he screamed out with all his might, his voice merging into the thunderous storm, waving a clenched fist high above his head.
But he was helpless to do anything but watch. Watch the helicopter disappear into the tempest. Watch his target slip all too elegantly from his grasp. Watch the key to ending the war and getting himself back home escape. All with a deranged smile on its face, and a formidable hand waving nonchalantly back at him. 
Charlie had lost the battle. But the war was still anyone’s game!
EPILOGUE

Two grueling days of incredible effort and anguish passed, until the disabled squadron somehow managed to stumble their way into friendly territory and happen across a large French army camp. Luck at last! They were welcomed with enormous hospitality that they had not seen for a long time, given shelter, food, drink and excellent medical care. Each of them had injuries that needed tending, but all were insistent that Specks be top priority. And after far more skilled hands than his previous surgeons worked on him, repairing any damage and eradicating all infections, the group quickly began to recover from their great ordeal, safe in the confines of the camp.
The conflict with their final target, the culprit whose name was known by very few people, Shoebox Stone, had left them scarred, both physically and mentally. They had been beaten beyond comprehension. Perhaps in their long list of previous adventures they had become complacent, allowing their egos to excel, thinking themselves untouchable. But the cold truth had pulled them back to reality, and now, hesitant as they were to talk about it, they each felt disillusioned about the Alpha-Omega missions, uncertain if there was actually any chance of success, now truly aware of the colossal odds they were up against. 
So, even after they had all healed up, with full bellies for the first time in months, and plenty of water down their gullet, Charlie ordered them all to stay a while longer - 72 hours of downtime. He wanted them to enjoy themselves, to feel happy, to give them time to feel like men again, rather than just soldiers. He needed them all to remember what it was to be human, so they could keep in mind exactly what they were fighting for, in the vain hope that they might stand the slightest chance of winning. Deep down, though he hated to admit it to himself, Charlie knew that no matter what orders he gave in battle, and no matter how hard he tried, sacrifices were going to have to be made, deadly risks would be taken, and he knew for certain that there was little to no chance that all of them would make it back from the Alpha-Omega missions. But for the time being he had to put those thoughts to one side. 
On their last night in camp, instructed by the rest of his allies, Billy waited impatiently outside their tent, trying his best to ignore the sneaky glances the French soldiers were daring at his arm. He could hear Yankee and Doodle inside arguing with Charlie about what was better - baseball or cricket, whilst Specks explained the rules of both. Billy didn’t know what was going on, but they were definitely working on something, a surprise of sorts, by the sounds of it. Finally, rowdy and in high spirits, they dragged Billy inside and presented him with his gift.
He didn’t know what to think of it at first. He wasn’t even quite sure what he was looking at. But he listened to Specks explain things as he studied the strange object with a mixture of intrigue and bewilderment. It was a metal outfit, built almost entirely from pieces of the crashed vessel Billy had arrived in. It resembled a right arm and hand, apparently designed to fit specifically around his own anomaly. Reluctantly, swayed rather heavily by the sheer enthusiasm of the boys, he tried it on. His metal arm slipped nicely into the sleeve as he twisted it on and snapped it into place. The armour was large, chunky, yet looked distinctly fashionable. His rubber hand was now encased in a metal glove similar to something from the medieval times, and looked quite deadly. His arm was covered in various pieces of metal, bolted and welded together. His shoulder was now enclosed by steel plates, curved and hammered into shape, to fit his body neatly. And at the very top, just on the bend of the shoulder, all the squadron’s initials had been scratched on. 
Charlie took the liberty, doing up the belt that was grafted onto the shoulder piece, securing it tightly around Billy’s torso, locking the contraption firmly in place. He moved it around to get a better feel for it. After a time of self-indulgent punches and blocks, the boys intervened, telling him to clench his fist in a certain manner. And as he did so, he was surprised to see a small shield-like device rapidly emerge from his forearm. He asked what it was, suggesting a small wing without thinking. But Charlie replied with sarcasm, informing him that it was a ‘quick shield’, designed to deflect bullets from his thick head! Billy moved it around, placing it in front of his person, striking up a variety of defensive poses. He released his grip and watched the quick shield fold back into the rest of the forearm. Charlie grabbed the arm and twisted it around, revealing a small empty compartment on the inside. The Captain pushed something inside it - it was a makeshift compass of sorts, Specks’ design of course, with a thin bar built onto the right hand side, which boasted a small red light glowing at the bottom. The conversation got serious for a brief moment, as Charlie and Specks explained that this was the other half of the device the Captain had planted on Shoebox Stone’s helicopter - a tracking compass, designed purely to locate the beacon. Right now the compass read North East, the bar apparently representing distance, with twelve red lights glowing only once reaching your destination.
Compliments were aplenty. The brothers threw random energized words at Billy, whilst Specks contributed the science behind the design, clearly impressed with his own handiwork. And even Charlie let himself go briefly, mentioning something about Billy looking a little like a comic book hero from one of his son’s comic books. Billy liked the new addition to his body. Not just because it was an awesome piece of weaponry, but because it was a token of friendship. They vocalised their thanks towards the stray boy, claiming the gift represented how grateful they were to him for risking his life to save theirs. And also, as Charlie so elegantly put it, that it was a reminder that he should be immensely proud of his individuality, for as unique as he was, he was one of them now, and he always would be. 
Finally, to mark the occasion they cracked open five bottles of beer, snagged a camera, borrowed a passing French soldier and posed for a photo. Yankee and Doodle draped themselves over each other, already swigging from their bottles greedily. Specks smiled awkwardly into the lens, looking miniscule against the others, and toying with his glasses as usual. And as for Charlie and Billy, they respectfully nodded to each other, clinking their bottles together in thanks. As the flash went off the moment was recorded forever. It was something wholesome, something rare, something real. And for Billy, it was something he would cling onto for a long, long time.
