
Molly Gumnut Rescues a Bandicoot


Patricia Puddle

Copyright © 2011 by Patricia Puddle Smashwords Edition

All rights reserved, including the rights to reproduce this book or portions thereof in any form whatsoever.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.
Contents
Chapter
1.  Little Brown Ball
2.   Furble
3.  The Vet
4.  Grandma Lilly
5.   Feeding Furble
6.   Leaves and Mulch
7.   Sneaky lies
8.   Night Prowler
9.   Trouble
10. Duck Eggs 
11. Mealworms
12. Afternoon Tea
13. Pictures of Furble
14. Rosie
15. Goldilocks
16. Mrs Ramsbottom
17. Apology Letters
18. The Winner
19. Grounded
20. Baby Ducks
21. Molly's Plan
22. Raging Storm
23. Who's at the Door
24. Hiding Furble
25. The Brochure
26. Newspaper
27. The Christmas Calendar
28. The Release of Furble

Photos of Furble by the author, Patricia Puddle

Other photos by Denise Marsh and Paul Ryan

Book Cover by Patti Roberts: Paradox Book Cover Designs

This book is for my husband for his patience and encouragement, for my mother for letting me read my stories out loud to her and for supporting my work, for my father for his humour, my children, grandchildren, nieces and nephews for the inspiration, and for my siblings for their support. And to my little models, Star Rose and Zoe Charlotte, thank you so much! I also want to thank Patti Roberts for creating my wonderful book cover and banners

A special thank you goes to FAWNA, the wildlife rescue charity where I volunteer, and to the kind lady  called Tracy, who rescued a baby bandicoot from a cat and brought him to me. Caring for the baby bandicoot inspired me to write this story.

Also dedicated to my grandmother, Lilly, who taught me the love of all animals.

One - Little Brown Ball

Molly thundered across the rickety wooden jetty and bombed into the river. After swimming to the surface, she splashed around in the salty water. “Come on, Lara,” she shouted to her best friend. “It’s lovely in here.”
Lara rolled her eyes. “No, it isn’t. You’re shivering, so it must be cold. Anyway, we’re supposed to be taking photos of wildlife for the school calendar, not swimming.”
Molly floated on her back and kicked her legs. “I’m so not shivering, you’re just a scaredy cat. Besides, we don't have to hand our pictures in until Monday.”
“But if it rains tomorrow, we won’t have a picture and Miss Button said the best one will go on the front page,” said Lara. “Anyway, I'm not waiting for you.” Swinging her camera over her shoulder, she marched towards the woods.
“Okay, I’m coming.” Molly waded back to shore and scrambled up the muddy bank. After squeezing the water from her shorts, she unhooked her camera from the tree and shoved it into her pocket. She certainly didn’t want to miss out on getting her picture on the front page. “Wait for me,” she yelled, charging after Lara.



“Shush,” whispered Lara, pointing to the pine trees. “Look.”
Molly froze. A fox was watching them from the edge of the forest, then it turned and vanished into long grass.
“Crikey,” said Lara. “I didn’t know foxes lived here. I wish I'd taken a photo of it.”
“But they're not native animals,” said Molly. “They’re feral. Anyway, my grandma said they eat little critters.”
Lara walked towards the woodlands.  “Come on. Let’s look for a koala.”
Molly rolled her eyes. “We won't find one of them, silly. They're too good at hiding.”
“What’s that over there?” Lara nodded towards the riverbank. “I saw something moving.”
“I’ll go have a look.” Molly tiptoed to the waterside and squatted amongst the twigs and leaves. Not seeing anything, she rummaged through the tangled undergrowth and tree hollows, searching for lizards and frogs. When something moved beneath her legs, she jumped to her feet and screamed. “Crikey! What’s that?”



A pointed grey head with dark green eyes poked out from under the mulch.
“It’s a snake!” squealed Molly.
Lara aimed her lens, but the creature shot out and plopped into the river. “That wasn’t a snake, silly. It was a water dragon.”
“Aww, pity you missed it, then. You could’ve got a good shot.”
“I did, see.” Lara shoved her digital camera in front of Molly’s face.
Molly grinned. “Wow! You caught it in mid-air.”
“Front page,” said Lara, pointing at her photo of the water dragon.
“No way,” said Molly. “Mine will be best.”
A wallaby suddenly hopped across their path and stopped to graze on the soft grass. As Molly pulled her camera from her pocket, a tiny joey climbed out of its mother’s pouch and bounced around a gum tree.



“How cute.” Molly adjusted her lens, but before she could take a picture, a noisy speedboat pulled up at the jetty.
Startled, the wallabies bolted into the scrub and disappeared.
“Oh, poo!” Molly scowled. “Stupid boat spoilt my photo.”
“Uh-oh, here comes trouble,” said Lara, pointing towards boat ramp.
 “Who is it?” Molly pushed her messy hair from her forehead and peeped through the trees. “Oh no, it's Gretchen Bloomfield. Why’d she have to turn up?”
Wearing white capris and a frilly pink top, Gretchen stepped out of the boat and smiled. As she marched towards them, her long blonde curls bounced on her shoulders, but as soon as she saw the mud on Molly’s legs and clothes, she curled her nose up. “What a bogan,” she said, then she turned to Lara. “My dad sent me to invite you both for a ride in our speedboat, but only you can come beause Molly's too dirty.”



“It’s only mud,” said Molly, wiping her grubby hands down the front of her singlet.
Gretchen folded her arms. “Well, you’re still not coming. You look like a rotten potato and you smell like one too.” She grabbed Lara’s arm. “Come on then, my dad’s taking us to a sandy island for a picnic.”
Lara moved away from her. “No thanks. I’m staying with Molly.”
“Fine,” said Gretchen. “See if I care. Stay with your smelly friend.”
“At least she's not the meanest girl in third grade,” said Lara.
Molly chuckled. “More like the whole school.”
“I'll tell my father you were both nasty to me,” said Gretchen. Then she spun on her heels and stomped back to the Jetty.
“Big deal,” yelled Molly.
After climbing back in the speedboat, Gretchen spoke to her father, but as they zoomed away, she waved at them and smiled.
Molly's jaw dropped. “Did you see that stuck-up mean girl pretending to be nice in front of her dad?”



“Yeah,” said Lara. “Pity she turned up. You could’ve got a great picture of that wallaby.”
Molly shrugged. “Oh, well. There’s always tomorrow. Come on, let’s go home for lunch. I’m hungry.”
“Me too,” said Lara, taking Molly’s hand.
As they  skipped up the dusty lane towards Tumblewood Valley, they sang their favourite songs.
“I have to go out with my parents this afternoon, so I’ll see you tomorrow morning,” said Lara.
“Where are you going?” asked Molly.
“To visit my grandparents.”
“Okay, come to my place as soon as you get up and we’ll go into the woods.”
As they reached the end of the dirt road, Lara waved and headed down her street. “Okay, see you in the morning, Molly.”
“See ya,” said Molly, skipping towards her house, but as she passed her next-door neighbour’s garden, she peered over the fence to look for Mrs Wilson’s black cat. Sure enough, he was playing on the lawn with a little brown ball.
“Hello, Tiddles.” Molly leaned over the iron gate and wriggled her fingers. “Here, kitty, kitty.”



Tiddles stared up at her, then turned away. He seemed more interested in swatting his toy than being stroked. But when he thwacked it again, it made a high-pitched whistling noise.
“Oh, no!” cried Molly. It wasn't a ball. It had tiny legs and a nose like a pencil. Its chocolate brown eyes looked up in fear as it scratched at the ground with its paws.
Running into Mrs Wilson’s yard, Molly waved her arms about. “Shoo! Get away, you naughty cat!”
Tiddles flattened his ears and hissed, then he bolted under the house.
Holding her mouth, Molly stared down with shock. A furry little animal with pointy big ears lay trembling on the grass.



“Oh, my goodness.” Molly dropped to her knees. Then scooping the animal up, she held him on her lap. “What a sweet little creature.”
Though he wriggled and squirmed, she held him tight. “Are you okay?”
When he squealed out loud, she realized he was injured and she stared at his back and cringed. Droplets of blood were seeping from wounds where clumps of fur were gone. Molly shuddered as a sick feeling settled in the pit of her stomach. “Oh, you poor little thing, you’re bleeding.”



As she covered him with the bottom of her shirt, his short chubby legs kicked in a frenzy against her shorts. He sure was strong for such a tiny animal.
Though he looked like a bush rat, his nose was much longer. “You’re a weird-looking little creature,” she whispered, trying to stand without dropping him. “I thought you were a little ball, so I’m going to name you Furble.”
He stared at her, then wriggled from her grip and leapt onto the grass. Though she caught him again, he slipped from her fingers and scurried under the grevillea hedge.
“No!” Her heart raced in a panic as she chased after him. “Come back!” she yelled. “You need help, or you’ll die.”
Crawling under the shubbery, she rummaged through leaves and mulch, but she couldn’t see him anywhere. Her heart sank. If she didn't find the critter soon, Tiddles would eat him. She backed out and peeked into the hollow of a gum tree, but he wasn’t there either. Wondering if he’d gone down the rabbit burrow over by the fence, she ran across the grass and peered in. It was way too deep and dark in there to see anything. If he had gone down that hole, she knew she’d never be able to catch him. And if a fox got a whiff of his blood, he wouldn't stand a chance. Her shoulders slumped. It wasn’t fair. She had him in her arms and could’ve saved him. Tears rolled down her cheeks as she looked up and down Mrs Wilson's huge property. The exit to the rabbit tunnel had to be somewhere nearby.
As she frantically searched for a hole in the ground, a rustling sound came from the flowerr garden. Spinning around, she spotted a long pointed nose with a tiny pink snout, poking out from under a bush. Though her heart skipped with joy at finding him again, her stomach churned at the thought of scaring him away. 
Biting her lip, she tiptoed across the grass as softly as she could, but as she reached down to grab him, Tiddles came out from under the house. Freezing on the spot, Molly prayed the cat wouldn’t catch him again, but like a black panther ready to pounce, he edged towards Furble.
Molly screamed, “No, Tiddles, no!”



Two - Furble

Ignoring Molly, the cat leapt through the air and landed on top of Furble.
“Get off him, you stupid cat!” yelled Molly, swiping him away. Then she grabbed Furble from the ground and held onto him while she wrapped him in the bottom of her shirt. Though he shrilled and squirmed, she gripped him tight. No way was she letting him escape again. “It’s all right,” she soothed, patting him gently. “I won’t hurt you.”
Swishing his tail about, the black cat rubbed his body against Molly’s legs.
She stamped her foot at him. “Get!”
He meowed, then scooted back under the house.
Holding Furble against her chest, Molly carried him out of Mrs Wilson’s yard. “Don’t worry. I’ll take you home to my daddy. He'll help you.”
After hurrying through her gate, she dashed past the jacaranda trees, then headed down the slope to the bottom of the garden. Spotting her father in his veggie patch, she called out, “Daddy, Daddy, I found an injured animal. Mrs Wilson’s cat has hurt him.”
Her father leaned on his shovel and shook his head. “Molly, don’t tell me you’ve caught another bush rat.”
“No, Daddy. I think it’s a marsupial. He’s bleeding, look.” She held Furble up so her father could see him.



Her father stepped around his seedlings and lifted the critter out of Molly’s hands. “Oh, he’s a long-nosed bandicoot. The poor thing’s just a baby. Let’s get him indoors.” He carried the animal inside the house to the laundry room.
Wiping her hands down her top, Molly followed her father. “Please help him, Daddy.”
“I’ll do what I can,” he said, placing the tiny bandicoot carefully on a towel. Holding him with one hand, he inspected Furble’s injuries with the other. “The poor little guy has some nasty wounds on his back. I think we’d better take him to Tumblewood Animal Hospital.”
“Can I come too?” asked Molly.
“I guess so. Your mother and sisters are still at the shops and won’t be back for hours.”
He grabbed a bandage from the cupboard on the wall and wrapped it around the bandicoot. “That should do him until we get him to the vet.” He placed the injured animal inside a travel-cage and covered him with a warm blanket. Then he closed the lid.
“I’ve named him Furble, Daddy.”
“That’s a nice name for a bandicoot.” Her father washed his hands in the laundry sink and stared at Molly's clothes. “Look at the state of you. You look like a ragamuffin. What on earth have you been doing?”
Molly scratched her nose, hoping he didn’t notice her wet hair. “Um, Lara and I went down to the woods to search for critters for our school project.” She looked away. She’d be in big trouble if her father found out she’d been swimming in the river.
“Molly, don’t touch your nose after handling an animal. Go and wash yourself with hot soapy water and change your clothes.”
“Okay.” Molly dashed to the bathroom and cleaned her hands and face. As she hurried to her bedroom, she reached into her pocket and pulled out her father’s camera. If he knew she’d borrowed it without permission, she’d be grounded for sure. She tapped her lip and thought for a moment. Maybe if she just kept it long enough to take a photo of Furble, and then put it back, Daddy would never notice. Taking the risk, she shoved it into her backpack, then changed into her jeans and one of her favourite tops.
“Hurry up, Molly,” her father called up the hallway.
Grabbing her bag, she ran back to the laundry. “Okay. I’m ready.”
As her father picked up the travel-cage, he looked sideways at her. “What are you up to, Scallywag? You know we’re in a rush.”
Molly shrugged. “Nothing.” She could never understand how her father always seemed to know when she was hiding something. Avoiding his eyes, she ran outside to the car.
While he strapped the cage onto the backseat, Molly climbed in next to it and buckled her seatbelt. “I hope Furble’s going to be okay.”
“We’ll soon find out, love.” Her father hopped into the driver’s seat and started the engine.
As they rumbled along the dirt road, Molly opened the cage and peeked under the bunny rug. Furble twitched his nose and stared at her. He sure looked sad. “Don’t worry, Furble,” she soothed, stroking him with a finger. “The vet will make you better.” She looked at her father. “Then he can live with us, can’t he, Daddy?”



Her father shook his head. “No, Molly, we can’t keep him. Bandicoots are not pets. They're protected native animals. And as soon as the vet’s treated his wounds, we’ll take him straight to Grandma’s. She’s trained to look after injured wildlife, we're not.”
Molly Smiled. “So Furble really is a marsupial, not a bush rat?”
“That’s right,” said her father. “A female bandicoot has a pouch on her tummy like a kangaroo, but the entrance to a bandicoot’s pouch is at the lower end of her belly—and it faces backwards. That way, when the mother bandicoot digs in the ground with her paws, she doesn’t get soil in her pouch. Furble's a boy, so he doesn't have one.”
Molly scowled. “But if a bandicoot has an upside-down pouch, wouldn’t her baby fall out?”
Her father glanced at her through the rear-view mirror. “No, sweetie, because the bandicoot doesn’t stand upright like a kangaroo or wallaby. It walks on its hind legs and paws.”
“Oh, I see. That’s why I thought Furble was a bush rat.”
“Baby bandicoots are often mistaken for a bush rats,” said her father. “They’re not much bigger than an adult rat and have a long tail like one. But an adult bandicoot can grow as big as a kitten, and sometimes as big as a cat.”
Glancing at Furble, Molly smiled. “So Furble could grow as big as Tiddles?”
Her father nodded. “Maybe, but not necessarily.”
“Well, I love him,” said Molly. “And even though you won’t let me keep him, can I visit him at Grandma’s?”
“I suppose so. And I bet Grandma will be quite proud of you for saving him.”
Molly peeked in the cage again. Furble was the tiniest marsupial she’d ever seen, and his nose was so cutest. “Daddy, why do bandicoots have such a long nose?”
“Well, that’s so they can rummage around in the soil for grubs.”
“Aww, why can’t I keep him?” Molly frowned at her father through the rear-view mirror. “Grandma could show me how to look after him.”
Her father glanced back at her. “The idea is to help injured wildlife to recover, and then release them back where they came from. Wild animals are much happier in the bush with their own family.”



Molly wiped a tear from her eye and gazed lovingly at Furble. She couldn’t bear to think of him going back to their neighbour’s garden to get attacked by Tiddles again.  She folded her arms and glared at her father. “I don’t want Furble to go back to Mrs Wilson’s garden. Tiddles will kill him.”
“Don’t worry, love. Maybe Grandma will set him free down by the riverbank when he’s well enough. Then Tiddles can’t catch him. He’d only be a prisoner if he stayed with us.”
“No, he wouldn’t, Daddy. He could play in our garden.”
“I know you just want to help him, sweetie, but the answer’s no. Now, I don't want to hear any more about it.” He pulled into the car park at Tumblewood Animal Hospital and parked the car. As he lifted the cage out, Molly stepped out and pouted. “What about foxes? I saw one today. It was in the woods by the river.”
“Don’t worry about it, Molly. Grandma and the vet will work something out. Now, come along.”
Molly trotted behind him, trying to keep up with his long strides. Surely Grandma wouldn’t let Furble anywhere near Tiddles again. And setting him free at the riverbank would be worse. The foxes would eat him for sure. Adults were so stupid sometimes. She blew out a long breath. She couldn't understand why Furble wasn’t allowed to stay at her house, but she hoped the vet would be more understanding. Hopefully, he'd agree with her and tell Daddy to let her keep him at their place. After all, she'd rescued him.

Three - The Vet

Molly followed her father into the waiting room and up to the reception desk. Leaning forward, she listened as he spoke to the nurse.
The nurse smiled. “Take a seat, Mr Gumnut. Dr Bullock will see you soon.”
Molly sat on the bench next to Furble’s cage and glanced around. A tall woman came in and sat next to them. She lifted her white cat out of its basket and sat it on her lap. 
“Uh-oh.” Molly grabbed her cage and moved it to the other side of her. “Don’t worry, Furble. I’ll protect you,” she whispered.
Her father gave her a stern look. “Behave, Molly.”
She held her hands out. “But I didn’t do anything.”
The cat purred loudly as the woman stroked its fur.
Molly stared at her. “Do you let your cat outside?”
Red-faced, her father nudged her with his elbow and gave her his be-quiet look.
Molly didn’t want to be quiet, she had to know. She looked at the woman and waited for her answer.
The woman raised her eyebrows. “Why do you ask?”
“Um, I just wondered,” said Molly, “because my bandicoot is scared of cats. He was hurt real bad by one this morning.”
Her father glared at her over the top of his glasses. “Molly, don’t be rude!”
“It’s okay.” The woman smiled. “My Stella is an indoor cat. She’s only allowed out under supervision. And she loves little animals. I have a pet rat and he sits on her back.”
“Honestly?” Molly’s eyes opened wide as she stared at the fluffy white cat, but before she had a chance to ask another question, the surgery door opened and the vet poked his head out. 
“Come on in, Mr Gumnut,’ he said.
When her father lifted the cage, Molly got up to follow him, but he shook his head. “No, sweetie, you stay here and wait. We won’t be long.”
“But why can’t I come with you?” she said. “I want to stay with Furble.”
“It’s okay,” said Dr Bullock. “She can come in as well.”
Without waiting for her father's permission, Molly marched in behind the vet. After all, she saved Furble, not Daddy. Plus she wanted to ask the vet her own questions.
Her father gave her a warning look as he placed the cage on the table in the surgery. Though she knew what that meant, she turned around to see what the vet was doing.
Dr Bullock lifted the little bandicoot out of the cage and placed him on a mat. “Who have we got here?”
“His name’s Furble,” said Molly. “I saved him from a mean old cat.”
“I see.” Dr Bullock took Furble’s bandage off and inspected his injuries. “He has some rather nasty wounds, so he’ll need medicine.” He winked at Molly. “You’ll make a great vet when you grow up.”
Molly held her head high and smiled. The vet liked her. Maybe he could talk some sense into Daddy. Then, she’d get to keep Furble. She tapped the vet’s arm. “Umm … Dr Bullock … Daddy said Furble has to go back and live in our neighbour’s yard when he’s better, but her mean cat will only hurt him again. Can I keep him in my garden instead? I’ll take good care of him. Honestly, I will.”
Her father glared at her again. “That’s enough, Molly!”
Ignoring him, she watched Dr Bullock as he placed a medical instrument against Furble’s chest.
“I’m just checking his heart rate,” he said, then he smiled at Molly. “I’m sorry, dear, but after I’ve treated Furble’s injuries, he’ll have to go to a wildlife rescue for special care. He’s a protected native animal, not a pet.”
Molly held her hands up. “But my grandmother looks after injured native animals.” She turned to her father. “Doesn’t she, Daddy?”
“That’s true,” said her father. “My mother-in-law is a wildlife carer. I’m sure she’d gladly look after him.”
“Oh, okay,” said the vet, cleaning the bandicoot’s wounds. “I’ll let you take him to her then.” Furble suddenly whistled like a bird and wriggled about.  “Could you hold him for me, Mr Gumnut? My nurse is a bit busy today.”



“Sure.” Her father held Furble as the vet dabbed ointment on the bandicoot’s back.
“Please, don’t hurt him.” Molly held her arms out in case Furble fell off the table.
“It only stings for a second,” said Dr Bullock. “You do want him to get better, don’t you?”
“Yes,” said Molly. “But I don’t want him to suffer.”
The vet drew some liquid into a syringe, then he held it up and squirted it in the air.
Molly winced. “What’s that for?”
“I’m giving Furble something to kill germs and medicine for his pain,” said Dr Bullock, then he smiled at her father. “Can you hold him securely? This might tingle a little.”
“No!” yelled Molly. “Don’t give him a needle!”
“Molly,” said her father. “I think it’s best if you go back to the waiting room.”
“I won’t!” Molly pointed at the vet. “He’s going to hurt Furble.”
Dr Bullock sighed. “Listen, Molly, the bandicoot will be in a lot more pain if I don’t give him this treatment.”
Molly pouted. “But why can’t he just have a pill instead?”
Her father looked daggers at her. “Molly! You’re disrupting Dr Bullock. Now, go into the waiting room.”
“Oh, please let me stay.” Molly clasped her hands together. “I’ll be good. I promise.”
“No,” said her father. “Go and sit with that nice lady and behave yourself.”



“Okay.” Molly glanced at the little bandicoot, then trudged back to the waiting room. After closing the door, she plonked down in a seat and folded her arms. It wasn’t fair. Nobody ever listened to her. Besides, Furble was in enough pain without having a needle. She reached over and stroked Stella. “She’s a cute cat. I bet she wouldn’t hurt little critters.”
“She hasn't yet,” said Mrs Long. “But I don’t let her outside unless I watch her.”
“That’s good,” said Molly. “I wish Mrs Wilson would watch her cat.”
The nurse came from behind the counter and stood in a doorway. “Mrs Long, you can bring Stella in here for her treatment.”
“Great.” Mrs Long carried her cat into the room with the nurse.
Molly sighed. Poor Stella was probably getting a needle too. She tiptoed to the door they’d gone through and pressed her ear against it. All she could hear was mumbles, so she sat back in her seat. When the front doorbell jingled, she looked around to see what kind of animal was coming in next. Then she cringed. Oh, great that’s all she needed. It was Gretchen Bloomfield with her little black poodle. Molly turned away, hoping that creepy girl wouldn’t sit anywhere near her. But instead of walking to the empty seats across the room, Gretchen squeezed into the small space next to her. Pressing her lips together, Molly moved nearer to the corner.
Gretchen stared at Molly’s head. “Why don’t you brush your hair properly? You look like a street urchin.”
“Get lost,” said Molly. “You could've sat somewhere else.”
“Bet you only came in here to take pictures of animals,” snorted Gretchen. “You wouldn’t know how to find any on your own.”
Molly narrowed her eyes at her. “Would so too. And if your noisy boat hadn’t turned up this morning, I’d have got a great photo of a wallaby with a joey in its pouch.”
“Too bad,” said Gretchen, holding her mouth and giggling.
Molly folded her arms. “Well, I saved a bandicoot from a cat this morning.”
Gretchen threw her head back and laughed. “Oh, you did not. You’re just making up stories like you always do.”
Her face burning, Molly moved to a seat at the other side of the room. She couldn’t wait to take a photo of Furble and hand it to the teacher on Monday. That would shut Gretchen up. Surely Miss Button would choose a cute baby bandicoot for the front page of the school calendar.
“You just sat over there because you were telling lies,” said Gretchen.
Ignoring her, Molly rummaged in her backpack for her father’s camera and checked the batteries. Seeing they were working, she zipped her bag smiled. If Daddy let her stay at Grandma’s for the rest of the weekend, she’d be able to take heaps of photos of Furble.
“See, I knew you were just in here to take pictures of animals,” said Gretchen. “That’s why you brought your camera.”
“Oh, be quiet,” said Molly, patting Griswald. “Is your puppy sick?”
“No. Get off him.” Gretchen pulled him away. “He’s just having a check-up while my mum’s getting her nails done next-door. I don’t want you giving my puppy germs.”
“I don’t have germs!” yelled Molly, pulling her scrunchy off her ponytail and trying to fix her hair.
Just then, the door to the surgery opened and Dr Bullock and her father came out.
Her father frowned. “Molly, why are you shouting?”
“Mr Gumnut,” said Gretchen, tapping his elbow. “Molly said everyone in the whole school hates me.”
Rubbing his chin, Dr Bullock scurried back into his surgery and closed the door.
“Is that true, Molly?” Her father stared at her, waiting for her answer.
“I did not!” Molly pressed her fists against her waist. “She’s telling a big fat lie.”



“Am not,” said Gretchen. “Molly said I was the meanest girl in third grade.”
Molly squinted at her. “Well, you are!”
“See, Mr Gumnut. I wasn't lying.” Gretchen smirked at Molly, a smug look on her face.
“You asked for it,” said Molly.
Her father stared at the ceiling and blew out a big breath. “I can’t leave you alone for one minute.” He picked up the little cage and headed for the exit. “Come on, before you get into more strife.”
“Don’t you have to pay first?” asked Molly.
“They don’t charge the public for treating native animals,” said her father. “Now, hurry along. I don't know why you and Gretchen can’t get along?”
“She doesn’t get along with anyone,” said Molly, looking over her shoulder and wrinkling her nose at Gretchen.
Gretchen silently mouthed the words, “Bogan.”
“Stuck-up mean girl,” yelled Molly.
“What is the matter with you?” said her father, seizing her arm and pulling her outside.
She squinted up at him. There was no point answering. He wouldn’t understand. Plus she was already in big trouble for arguing with the vet. The minute her father let go of her sleeve, she hurried to the car and waited for him to unlock the door.
As he strapped the cage onto the back seat, he shook his head. “I should’ve known better than to take you to the vet’s with me, Molly. You'll have to learn not to speak to adults the way you do. It’s very rude.”
Molly hopped in the car and buckled her seatbelt, but when she peeked in the cage, it looked empty. Her heart sank. Oh, no. Furble must’ve been left with the vet. As her father started the engine, she pouted. “Daddy, where’s my bandicoot? Is he okay?”
Without answering, her father reversed out of the parking space and drove away from the animal hospital. 
Molly scowled at the back of his head. Why hadn’t he answered her question? She was worried now.

Four - Grandma Lilly

After opening the cage, Molly peeked under the blanket. Furble had curled into a tiny brown ball and was fast asleep. Molly smiled. “Aw, he’s here, Daddy. You tricked me.”



“I didn’t trick you,” said her father, turning out of Tumblewood High Street. “I was too busy watching out for pedestrians to answer you.”
Molly reached into the cage and gently patted the tiny bandicoot. “Is he going to get better?”
“I hope so. The vet gave him a special medicine. So close the cage and let him sleep.”
She gazed at him adoringly, then covered him with his blanket and eased the lid closed. “He’s so sweet.”
“Yes, well don’t wake him. He needs to rest.”
“But, Daddy,” she said, lowering her voice so it was barely more than a breath. “Why didn’t Dr Bullock put his bandage back on?”
“Because his wounds have to dry out,” said her father. “And he'll have to be kept in a small cage for a while so he doesn’t hurt himself.”
“Poor little Furble,” she said. “I’ll watch over him.”
“No, you won’t.” Her father scowled at her. “You heard Dr Bullock. We’re taking him to Grandma’s, and that’s final. I’ve already phoned her from the vet's so she's expecting us.”
“Can I stay at Grandma’s? I’ll help look after Furble.”
Her father sighed. “Okay, you can stay until Sunday evening, but you better behave.”
“Yay!” Molly punched the air. “I’ll take real good care of him.”
“Yes, but remember, if you get in Grandma’s way, she’ll send you home.”
“I won’t.” Molly gazed at Furble and pictured herself holding him again. She couldn’t wait to feed him. And now she’d be able to take photos of him and hand them to Miss Button on Monday. How proud Mum and Dad would be if her picture was on the front page of the school calendar. Smiling, she imagined herself handing it to them at Christmas.
“You can stop daydreaming now, Molly,” said her father. “We’re almost there.”
Molly gazed out the window at the colourful Crepe Myrtles lining the road. Grandma said Grandad planted those trees many years ago when their house was the only one in the street. Now it was called Myrtle Avenue. Pity Grandad had to die. Molly sure missed him. And she couldn’t go fishing with him anymore down by the river.
As they pulled into Grandma’s driveway, her father honked the horn. As soon as Molly had climbed out of the car, her father handed her the cage. “Here, you go. You can carry him indoors, but be careful.”
Gripping the handle, Molly marched proudly up the steps and placed the cage on the veranda. As she was about to ring the bell, Grandma Lilly opened the door.
“Hello, Molly,” she said, her blue eyes twinkling.  Smiling, she peered into the cage. “What’ve we got here?”
Molly frowned. “It’s a baby bandicoot, Gran. He was attacked by Mrs Wilson’s cat.”
Grandma wiped her hands on her apron, then grabbed her spectacles off the top of her head. Putting them on the end of her nose, she peered into the cage. “Poor little thing. Let’s have a look at him.”



“I named him Furble,” said Molly, proudly. 
Grandma lifted the travel-cage and headed indoors. “Bless his little heart. Let’s get him settled.”
“Can you make him better, Gran?” asked Molly, following her to the lounge room.
“I hope so, love.” She placed the cage on the coffee table. “He’s such a beautiful little critter.”
As Molly sat on the couch next to her father, the wonderful smell of blueberry pie made her tunny grumble. Realising she hadn’t had her lunch yet, she wandered into the kitchen. Grandma always had freshly baked cakes and cookies. Something was cooking in the oven and a pot boiled noisily on the stove. Instead of taking a peek, she remembered Grandma’s cat and dog and dashed back to the lounge room. “Where’s Jabus and Peggy, Gran? They could hurt Furble.”
“Don’t worry,” she said, “They’re in the sunroom, so don’t open the door.”
“I won’t,” said Molly. “I don’t want Jabus to scratch Furble like Tiddles did.”
“Remember what I told you, Molly.” Her father gave her a black look.
Molly sat on the couch and stared at her shoes. She didn’t want to have to go home with him.
“I'll be off now,” he said to Grandma, getting up from his armchair. “Dr Bullock gave Furble medicine for his pain and a needle for the infection, so hopefully he’ll survive.”
“Good,” said Grandma, inspecting Furble’s wounds. “He’s really young, but from the size of him, I think he’s learned how to forage for food.”
“I bet he’s hungry like me,” said Molly, rubbing her belly. “He hasn’t had any lunch either.”
Grandma walked into the kitchen and washed her hands. “He’s probably still in shock, but I have special milk for marsupials. I'll make him up a bottle.”
“And fruit pie for me?” asked Molly, following her grandmother.
“I’ve made pumpkin soup too,” said Grandma. “You can have that first. I’ll get three bowls ready.”
“Yummy.” Molly licked her lips.
“Not for me,” said her father. “I’d better get back to my veggie garden before my plants wilt in the heat” He patted Molly on the head. “I'll pick you up tomorrow afternoon.”
On his way out, he kissed Grandma on the cheek. “I’ll leave the bandicoot in your good hands.” Then he winked at Molly. “And don't take any nonsense from this scallywag.”
Molly grinned. Daddy wasn’t angry with her anymore, plus she’d get to spend the rest of the weekend with Furble.
“Talking about pumpkin,” said Grandma to her father. “How big is the one you're entering in the local show?”
“Oh, it’s huge,” he said. “It already weighs fifty pounds.”
Molly’s face flushed. Yipes! What if Daddy wanted to take photos of his pumpkin this weekend? She chewed the inside of her cheek and stared at the tiled floor. If Daddy needed his camera, she’d be in big trouble for sure.

Five - Feeding Furble

Molly lowered her head. She wished her father would hurry up and leave before he saw here red face. He always knew when she was up to something. Peeking out the corner of her eye, she watched him head down the hall. As soon as Grandma closed the front door behind him, Molly let out a long breath.
“Okay,” said Grandma, “Let’s feed the bandicoot.”
Molly smiled. She couldn’t wait to see Furble drink from a bottle. Climbing onto a stool, she watched Grandma prepare the special marsupial milk.
“So,” said Grandma, peering at Molly over the top of her spectacles. “Looks like you’ve been in trouble again.”
Molly leaned on the bench. “Um, well, I wanted to keep Furble, but Daddy wouldn't let me.”
“Oh, I see.” Grandma mixed some milk powder in a jug and warmed it in the microwave. After pouring it into a tiny plastic bottle, she popped a rubber teat on the end.
“How funny,” said Molly. “That looks like a doll's bottle.”
“It’s a special bottle for little animals.” Grandma squirted a drop of milk on her wrist. “Good, it’s not too hot. I don’t want to burn Furble’s mouth.”
“Can I feed him?” pleaded Molly.
“Not this time, maybe later. Come on, he’ll be ready for some nourishment.” Grandma shook the milk and headed to the lounge room.
“Are you going to feed him like a baby?”
“You’ll see.” Grandma lifted Furble out of the cage and sat on the couch. After wrapping him in a white cotton cloth, she cradled him in her arms.
Molly frowned. “What about his sore back?”
“Don’t worry,” said Grandma. “I’ll be extra careful. Anyway, he’s got ointment on his wounds.” When she pushed the teat into the side of Furble’s long mouth, he held the bottle with his front paws and pushed it to the front as he sucked hungrily on the milk.
“Aww, how sweet.” Molly leaned forward and looked into Furble’s bright brown eyes. As he gazed back, her heart melted. She clasped her hands under her chin. “Oh, he loves it.”
Grandma smiled. “He’ll remember drinking milk from his mother, but he’s old enough to have learned how to forage for food himself.”
“What sort of food?” asked Molly.
“Bandicoots eat insects, grubs, and ripe fruit,” said Grandma, “but unfortunately, they love dog food too. Maybe if they didn’t hang around pet bowls, they wouldn’t get attacked by cats and dogs as much.”
Molly scowled. “Maybe Tiddles hurt Furble because he pinched his dinner, then.”
“Could be,” said grandma. “Sometimes they get caught by just running about at dusk and dawn. Or they get dragged out of their nests.”
“Poor little things.” Molly moved closer and stroked Furble’s tiny front paws. When he clasped onto her finger, she gasped with delight. “Oh, look. He likes me.”
“Don’t get too attached to him, Molly Mavis Gumnut. You’re not keeping him.”
Molly stroked Furble’s tiny head with a finger. If she could figure out a way to keep him forever, she would. “Are you going to feed him some other food?”
“Apparently the vet tried to feed him, but he wouldn't eat anything,” said Grandma. “He's probably in pain and shock. We'll offer him something later. He needs to rest first and let the medicine work.” 
When the bandicoot finished the milk, Grandma pulled the bottle away and wiped his tiny mouth. Furble licked his lips and sniffed the air as if he was still hungry.



Molly giggled. “What a funny nose he has.
“He’s probably still hungry.” Grandma offered him some fruit, but he turned his head away. “Naughty little thing just wants milk.”
“He has funny pointed teeth,” said Molly. “And lots of them.”
“That’s right,” said Grandma. “Bandicoots’ teeth are different to rats and mice. Marsupials have many teeth, sort of like a dog. Not like rodents. They have two upper and two lower front teeth, then a big gap at the sides of their gums with more teeth at the back.”
“How weird,” said Molly. “Can I hold him?”
“Later.” Grandma placed Furble back in his soft bed inside the trave-cage and covered him with the small blanket. “He needs to rest. I’ll get him a water-bottle to comfort him and keep him warm, then I'll make our lunch.”
Molly reached in and stroked him. “You’re just a little baby, Furble. I hope you get better soon and grow up big and strong.”
The bandicoot shook his head as if to say, I’m not a baby. I’m a big boy.



Grandma Lilly returned with a small plastic drink bottle covered with a sock. “This will keep him warm.” When she placed it near Furble, he snuggled up next to it and closed his eyes.
Molly smiled. “He's super cute, isn't he?”
“Yes, but let’s get him settled.”
As Grandma carried the cage down the hallway to the spare bedroom, Molly ran after her. “Why does he have to stay by himself? He could sleep in my room.”
“He needs peace and quiet, that’s why.” Grandma set the little cage on a desk in the corner “This will be his room for now. When his wounds have healed a little more, we’ll make him a proper nest in that big cage.” She pointed to a large cage on a table across the room.
“Ooooh, that’s huge.” Molly smiled. “He’ll have lots of room to run around.” She looked at grandma with her best hound-dog face. “Please, can I keep Furble when he’s better?”
“No.” Grandma shook her head. “He’ll be going back to Mrs Wilson’s garden, but I’ll talk to her about her cat first.”
Molly pouted. “But Tiddles will eat him. He’s sneaky. Why can’t Furble just live in our garden? He won’t need a mother if he’s dead.”
Grandma raised an eyebrow. “Wild animals should be released back to their own territory. He'll find his mother and she'll protect him and teach him to hide. If you don’t try to tame him, he’ll stay away from predators.” She ruffled Molly’s hair. “Okay?”
“Daddy said you could take him to the riverbank, but there’s a fox down there.” Molly tapped her chin with a finger and thought for a moment. “I know! Why don’t you just keep him here in your garden?”
“I’d love to,” said Grandma. “But there’s already a male bandicoot living in my garden. He wouldn’t take kindly to another male moving onto his territory and would probably hurt Furble. Anyway, I already told you, he has to go back to his mother.”
Molly’s heart dropped. No one ever listened to her. Why couldn’t adults see that Furble would only get attacked again if he wasn’t protected?  He should be allowed to stay at her house. It was a much safer option.
“Right,” said Grandma. “Let’s have lunch.”
“Okay.” Molly waited until Grandma was out of sight, then she peeked in at Furble. The little bandicoot had already closed his eyes and gone to sleep. “Don’t you worry,” she whispered. “No way will I let Tiddles get you. I’ll protect you, no matter what.”



Six - Leaves and Mulch

Before going to the kitchen, Molly stuffed her backpack under her bed.  She couldn't have Grandma peeking in and seeing Daddy's camera.
“Come on, Molly,” hollered Grandma. “Your meal is getting cold.”
“I'm coming.”  As Molly dashed to the kitchen, the delicious aroma of melted cheese made her tummy rumble.
As she sat in her seat, Grandma placed a steaming bowl of yellow soup in front of her. “There you go.”
“That looks yummy, Gran.” Molly took a piece of cheese-covered garlic bread and dunked it in her pumpkin soup. “Mmm, it’s delicious.”
“Once we’ve cleaned up,” said Grandma. “We’ll try Furble with some food. And if you’re a good girl, I'll let you feed him his milk.”
“Really?” Molly beamed. “Gee, I can’t wait for that.” After gobbling her meal as fast as she could, she began washing the dishes. As soon as she’d finished, she helped her grandmother chop a ripe kiwi fruit into small pieces.
“I hope he'll like this,” said Grandma, plopping the fruit into a tiny bowl and heading to Furble’s room.
“Wait for me.” Molly ran behind her. She couldn't wait to hold him.
Furble opened his eyes and stared at them through the bars of his cage. When Grandma placed a small piece of fruit near his mouth, his long nose twitched with curiosity.
Her hands clasped together, Molly bit her lip and hoped he’d take a bite. But after sniffing the fruit, Furble just turned away and yawned. Then he tucked his long nose under a paw and peeked out.
Molly pouted. “Ooh, why didn't he eat it?”
Grandma patted her hand. “Because he’s not feeling well, love.”
“Aww, he looks so sad,” said Molly. “I bet he misses his mother. Can I hold him?”
“No, Molly, we'll just leave him for now. Come and help me collect some nesting material for the large cage. Then it’ll be all ready for him when he’s feeling better.”
“Okay.” Molly sighed and followed Grandma out the door.
“You can let Peggy outside for a while, but be careful not to let Jabus escape. Then come out to the barn.”
Molly let the little black and white dog out of the sunroom and pulled the door shut. “Sorry, Jabus,” she shouted through the crack. “But you can’t have my bandicoot.”
As Peggy sniffed around the bushes, Molly ran down to the barn at the bottom of the garden. She loved hanging around in her grandfather's shed. It was fun, but she so missed Grandad's funny face and wished he hadn’t died. Now he couldn’t play funny jokes on everyone, or take her fishing. Sometimes when she came into the barn, she thought he was there, but it was just the smell of his overalls hanging on his chair.
She grabbed Grandad's old straw hat off the hook and pouted. Then she smiled, plopped it on her head and tied the string.



“Here,” said grandma, passing her a bucket. “Fill this up with leaves for Furble's nest.”
“Leaves?” Molly scowled. “They won’t be very comfy.”
“That’s what bandicoots make their nests with,” said Grandma. “They sleep in tree hollows and under bushes. Then they cover themselves with leaves and mud so predators can’t find them. Plus they like eating the bugs off them.”
“Oh, goody. I hope Furble will eat bugs. Then he’ll get better.” She wrinkled her brow. “He will get better, won’t he, Gran?”
“I hope so,” said Grandma, putting on her gardening gloves.
“You said Grandad would get well, but he didn't. I don't want Furble to die.”
“I know you miss your grandfather, love. We all do. Now come along before the mozzies come out. Let's see if we can help little Furble.” Grandma grabbed another bucket. “We can only do our best.”
Humming to herself, Molly skipped outside and followed Grandma to the rockery. “Can Furble go in the big cage tonight?”
Grandma shook her head. “Not yet. His wounds haven’t healed enough and we don’t want them getting infected. If he stays in the small cage, he can't run about and knock into things.”
Kneeling next to Grandma, Molly filled her bucket with dry leaves and pieces of bark.
“I'm going indoors to prepare dinner.” Grandma struggled to her feet and stretched her back. “You can stay outside and watch Peggy.”
“Okay. Can I still feed Furble when I come in?”
“I hope he'll feed himself,” said Grandma, wandering back up the path towards the house. She glanced over her shoulder. “But you can still give him a bottle.”
Molly did her happy dance. She couldn't wait to hold Furble again. After playing with Peggy for a while, she collected insects and bugs from flowerbeds and bushes. She sure hoped Furble would eat his strange crunchy dinner.
  When the sun began to drop behind the hills, the mozzies started to buzz about. Molly hung the straw hat back in the shed and brushed the dirt from her knees. “Come on, Peggy,” she hollered. “Time to go in.” She grabbed her bucket and carried it indoors, then steered the little dog back to the sunroom.
Grandma called from Furble’s room. “Bring the leaves in here, Molly.”
Molly blew a kiss to Jabus and Peggy. “See you later, poppets.” After closing the sun-room door behind her, she carried her bucket down the hall to Furble’s room. Grandma had already lined the large cage with newspaper. “That's a nice big pen, Gran. Furble will be able to run around in there.”
Grandma picked the bucket up and emptied the leaves into the large cage. After rolling some cardboard into a tunnel and placing a small towel inside, she piled leaves at both ends. “There, now Furble can gather them to make a nest.”
“Ooooh, it looks like a tiny cubby house.” Molly giggled. “I bet he likes it.”
 “Let’s get his food ready.” Grandma headed back to the kitchen.
Molly shoved her empty bucket in the laundry and hurried to see what Grandma was doing next.
After chopping more kiwi fruit into tiny pieces, Grandma placed them in a saucer. Smiling, she poured black and grey lumps into a bowl and mixed it with water.
“Eww, what’s that?” Molly wrinkled her nose.
Grandma grinned. “It's crushed insect cereal.”
“Yuck! Insect cereal?” Molly shuddered at the thought of eating insects.
“Bandicoots and birds love it,” said Grandma.
Molly held her nose. “Poo, it stinks.”
Grandma poured water into a tiny bowl. “Okay, let’s go.” With a dish in each hand, she headed back to Furble’s room.
Molly picked up the saucer of fruit and walked behind her. She couldn’t wait to see Furble eat.
Grandma placed all the food inside the large cage, then brushed her hands together. “Good. He can go in there first thing tomorrow, but only if his wounds have dried. We’ll give him a bottle for now and try him with a food later.”
As soon as Grandma left the room, Molly picked up a piece of fruit and carried it to Furble. She poked it through the bars of his cage, but he wouldn’t eat it.
“What are you doing?” asked Grandma, coming back with Furble’s milk.
Jumping with fright, Molly pulled her arms away. “Nothing, Gran.”
“I can't leave you alone for a minute, can I?” Grandma scowled at her.
Molly looked pleadingly at her. “But can I still feed Furble his bottle?”
“All right, but you’ll have to be careful not to drop him.” Grandma stared over the top of her spectacles. “And, don’t ever pick him up on your own.”
“I won’t.” Molly held her hands out, waiting impatiently.
“Okay, sit in the armchair and I’ll pass him to you.” Grandma picked Furble up and put him inside a little cloth bag with his head sticking out.



“What’s that for?” asked Molly.
“So he can’t escape from you and he’ll feel more secure,” said Grandma.
A big smile spread across Molly’s face. She couldn’t wait to hold him in her arms. She sat in the chair and held out her hands.
“Be gentle and don’t let him get away,” said Grandma.
As soon as Grandma placed Furble in her arms, Molly felt a rush of happiness. She smiled lovingly at the little critter and pushed the rubber nipple into his mouth.
Grasping onto the bottle with his front claws, Furble stared into Molly’s eyes as he sucked hungrily on the milk. Little droplets dribbled from the side of his lips as he paused to take a breath. “You’re so cute,” said Molly, wiping his lips with a tissue as she cradled him in the crook of her arm.
“You're doing great,” said Grandma, leaving the room. “I'll be back in a few minutes.”
When Furble finished all of his milk, he licked his lips. Molly lifted him out of the cotton bag and placed him on her lap. He stretched out on his tummy and yawned. “You're so sweet,” she whispered, stroking his fur and inspecting his legs.



“Molly Mavis Gumnut!” yelled Grandma, coming back into the room. “Why have you taken Furble out of his pouch?”
Molly gulped. Shoot! She'd hoped to put him back in before Grandma came back.
Grandma wagged a finger at her. “You won't get to hold him at all if you don't do as you're told.”
“Sorry, Gran,” she said. “I … I won't do it again. Can I still hold him, please?”
“Okay, but be careful.” Grandma sat on the bed next to Molly's chair. “I'll supervise you.”
“How come he's got three big toes on each of his front feet,” asked Molly. “But on his back feet, he has four toes on each foot.”
“That's because his front feet are really paws.” Grandma leaned forward and pointed to Furble's rear legs. “If you look at his back feet, you'll see that two toes on each foot are joined together and his nails are really long.”
“How come?” asked Molly.
Grandma smiled. “That’s so he can dig in the dirt and comb ticks out of his fur.”
Molly's eyes popped wide open. “Ooh no, does he have ticks, Gran?”
“He probably did before the vet saw him, but your father said Dr Bullock treated him for ticks and lice.”
“Lice?” Molly pulled a face. “I don't want lice.”
“Don't worry,” said Grandma. “You won't get any, and even if you do, I've got a good treatment.”
Molly looked down at the little bandicoot on her lap. He glanced up at her, then licked her finger. Her heart melted. She so loved him with or without ticks and lice. “Furble's so adorable, Gran. I wish I could keep him.”
“We've already discussed that, Molly. Now come on, it's time he went back in his bed.” Grandma lifted him into the small cage and offered him some insect cereal, but he turned his head away.
Molly pouted and stroked him with a finger. “Aww, he still won’t eat. He'll get too thin.”
“It’s okay, Molly. I weighed him when you were outside. He's getting nourishment from the milk, but we’ll keep offering him food until he’s well enough to feed himself.”
“I could feed him milk forever,” said Molly. “Then he could live at my house.”
“I don’t think so,” said Grandma. “But if he doesn't start eating soon, he won’t survive in the wild.”
Molly frowned. “Won't his mother feed him milk?” 
Grandma covered him with his blanket and closed the latch. “He’s young, but he’s not a baby. And I already told you that he’s old enough to forage for his own food. Maybe he's still in shock and just needs more time to heal. Now, come along. It’s dinnertime. You can set the table while I dish the food out.”
“Okay, I'll just to go to the bathroom first.” Molly waited until Grandma disappeared into the kitchen, then she ducked into her own room. She grabbed the camera out of her backpack and shoved it into her pocket. She just had to get a photo of Furble before tomorrow or it would be too late for the school calendar.
She peeked down the hall to make sure Grandma wasn't on her way back, then hurried back to Furble’s room. “Be quiet,” she whispered as she opened the lid of the cage. She pulled the blanket back, but as she held up the camera, Grandma's feet came clumping up the hall. “Molly, what are you up to?”



Seven - Sneaky lies

Grandma poked her head around the door. “Molly Mavis, I hope you’re not bothering Furble.”



Holding the camera behind her back, Molly gulped and shook her head. “I … I was just saying goodnight to him, that’s all.”
“Well, dinner’s ready, so go and wash your hands.” Grandma shook her head and stomped back down the hall.
“Poo!” whispered Molly under her breath. “That was too close.” Deciding it would be a lot safer to wait until Grandma fell asleep, she stuffed the camera in a drawer near the cage and bolted to the kitchen.
“I hope you're hungry,” said Grandma, dishing out two plates of beef stew and dumplings.
“Sure am,” said Molly, sitting at the table.
“Don't you go lifting Furble out when I'm not around, Molly,” said Grandma, pointing a spoon at her.
“No, Gran.” Molly looked away and began eating her food. 
“I have a busy day ahead of me tomorrow, so we'll have an early night tonight,” said Grandma.
“I'm tired too,” said Molly, helping Grandma to clean up the kitchen. She smiled to herself. If Grandma fell asleep early, there'd be plenty of time to get some great shots of Furble.
“Right,” said Grandma, wiping her hands on her apron. “We'll watch Meerkat Manor, and then it's bedtime.”
Molly followed Grandma into the lounge room and sat on the couch. “I love meerkats. They're so cute, but the films are so sad sometimes, Gran.”
Grandma turned on the TV and plopped down next to her. “Nature can be cruel, love, but that’s life.” She pointed at the telly. “This is a wonderful series though.”
Molly snuggled up next to her grandmother. “How did they make it?”
“A very clever lady named Caroline Hawkins created and produced it with Oxford Scientific Films. They filmed it in the Kalahari Desert in Africa, but it took them many years.”
“Wow,” said Molly. “When I grow up, I’m going to film animals too.”
Grandma smiled. “You'd better pay attention in school then.”
Molly sucked in her cheeks. She was tempted tell Grandma her plan—how she was going to take a photo of Furble for her school project. But then she wouldn't be able to surprise everyone with the Christmas calendar.
Tapping her lips with a finger, Molly watched the baby meerkats play on the grass together. If only she knew how to make a movie like Caroline Hawkins. That would be super cool and her teacher would be so proud of her.
As soon as the film had finished, Grandma turned the TV off. “It’s time for bed, young lady.”
Yawning, Molly jumped up and ran to the bathroom. After having a shower and brushing her teeth, she hurried to the guest room and pulled on the pyjamas she left in Grandma’s wardrobe. As she climbed beneath the sheets, Grandma came in and fluffed her pillow. She kissed Molly's forehead. “Goodnight. Sleep tight.”
“Night, Gran.” Molly snuggled under the covers, hoping she could stay awake until Grandma went to bed. She had to get that winning shot of Furble. Besides, tonight could be her last chance before going home tomorrow.
On her way out the door, Grandma looked over her shoulder. “I’ve got mealworms in the fridge. I bet Furble will enjoy them tomorrow.”
“Mealworms?” Molly wrinkled her nose. “What’re they?”
“You’ll see tomorrow.” Grandma grinned and turned off the light.
As the door closed, Molly pulled her covers around her neck and yawned. Though she was tired, she was determined to stay awake until Gran fell asleep. She tried to imagine Furble eating insect porridge and mealworms. Those adults were mean not letting her keep him. After all, she'd take good care of him and give him his favourite food. But what if Furble preferred to live with his mother? She didn't want to think about that, so she pressed her hear against the wall. Music came from the radio in Gran's room, so at least she was in bed.
Not wanting to get caught again, Molly decided to wait until Grandma started snoring. But it wasn't long before Molly's eyes drooped and she drifted off to sleep. She dreamt she was running through the meadows with Furble. But when he saw his mother at the top of a hill, he left Molly and charged towards her. Just then, a fox came out of the forest and galloped after the bandicoots. When Furble tried to run away, he got tangled up in a barbed wire fence. Rattle Rattle Rattle.



Waking with a fright, Molly bolted upright and and looked around in the dark. Realising she’d been asleep, she held her hands against her chest and let out a long breath. “Oh, thanks goodness, it was just a nightmare.” Then she heard the noise again.  Rattle Rattle Rattle.
“Shoot! What is that?” she whispered, peeking over her doona.

Eight - Night Prowler

Eager to know what the noise was, Molly jumped out of bed and clicked on the light. What could it be? Her heart thumping, she pressed her ear against the door. Then she heard it for a third time. Clatter, Clatter, Clatter.
Yipes! It couldn’t be Jabus or Peggy—they were locked in the sunroom. After grabbing Grandad’s old walking stick from the hatstand, Molly tiptoed down the hallway. Grandma was still snoring loudly in her room, so it wasn't her. Molly's tummy did a flip-flop. What if it was a burglar or a monster? Holding her breath, she stopped outside Furble’s room and listened.
The noise grew louder.
Molly's knees trembled. Was someone hurting Furble? She couldn't have that. Holding the cane above her head, she turned the knob with her free hand. After kicking the door open, she snapped on the light, then charged into the room  as she swung the stick about. “Gotcha!”
No one was there but Furble. He’d climbed on top of his blanket and was gnawing at the bars with his teeth. Rattle, rattle, rattle.
Molly heaved a big sigh and dropped the cane on the floor. “You scared me, Furble. I thought somebody had broken into the house.”
Still scratching at the latch with his claws, Furble pushed his long nose through the metal bars and stared at her. The wounds on his back had dried into scabs and his fur was matted and brown.
“Poor, little bandicoot,” said Molly. “I bet you want to go home to your family.” She walked over to the door and peered down the hall to Grandma’s room. All was quiet and dark, so she hurried back to Furble. “I know you like to play at night-time,” she whispered. “But you’re much too noisy. You’ll wake Grandma.”
Furble ignored her and kept chewing on the bars.
Molly pressed a finger to her lips. “Be quiet. You'll get me busted.” She glanced at the food in the large cage on the other side of the room. Furble was probably hungry and could smell the insect cereal and fruit. Suddenly, she had an extra good idea. Instead of just taking a photo of Furble, she could take one of him eating food in the big cage. Besides, Grandma said Furble could go in there when his cuts had stopped weeping.
That was it. If she put him in the large cage, he'd eat the food and get better. Plus she could take his photo. Rubbing her hands together, she grinned. She couldn’t wait to hold him. When he banged on the bars again, she whispered, “Okay, Furble, you win. It's dinnertime.”
She grabbed the camera out of the drawer and placed it on the dresser. If she got a few shots, she could pick the best one. When she opened the lid to lift Furble out, he scurried under his blanket. “Come here, you little devil,” she whispered, reaching into the cage. After scooping him up, she cuddled his warm body to her chest and inhaled his sweet scent. “Hello, you cute little thing,” she said, looking into his chocolate brown eyes.
Though he wriggled around and tried to escape, she held him tight. He sniffed at her fingers, then licked them. Molly giggled. She'd never seen such a tiny pink tongue. “Okay, I know you’re hungry, but before you have your dinner, I have to take some pictures of you.” Holding him firmly, she grabbed the camera, then sat in the armchair in the corner of the room.



With Furble on her lap, she snapped her photos. “What a good boy you are.” Careful to avoid his wounds, she stroked the coarse brown fur on his back, then ran her fingers along the soft light-coloured hair on his tummy. Holding him up, she kissed the top of his tiny head. “Okay, it’s dinnertime.”
As she carried him over to the large cage, he whistled like a bird, then without warning, he leaped out of her arms and landed on the carpet.
“Oh, no!” Molly's stomach lurched. She reached out to catch him, but all she felt was the tip of his long thin tail as he disappeared under the bed. She smacked her forehead. Oh, now what had she done? Getting down on her hands knees, she peered under the frilly cover. “Come back here, Furble! You’ll get me into trouble.”
He backed away from her, stopping neat the corner of the bed.
“Drats,” said Molly, crawling under the bed and stretching her arm out. Just as she was about to reach him, he scurried out the other side and galloped to the other side of the room.
“No, Furble. No!” Molly scrambled back out, but she bumped her head on the base of the cast iron bed. “Ouch! That hurt.” Ignoring the pain, she leaped across the carpet and lunged for the runaway bandicoot. But it was too late. Furble had scampered out the open door and bolted down the dark hall.
Biting her lip, Molly ran after him. Crikey! What if he hurts himself? Dashing into the bathroom where a dim nightlight glowed on the wall, she glanced around, but he wasn’t there. Now, Grandma was going to be super cross. Her heart hammering, Molly ran to her own room and turned on the light. Knowing the little creep must be hiding somewhere, she closed the door so he couldn't escape, then she searched around. To her dismay, he was nowhere in sight. Her stomach turned to jelly and she held her face. What was she to do? With a feeling of panic, she checked under the dresser and looked inside the wardrobe. Just then, a movement in the corner of her room caught her eye and she jerked around.
Furble was running around in a circle, chasing after a cockroach. He snapped it up with his jaws and chomped it up with his sharp little teeth.
“Oh, there you are.” Molly slapped her cheeks. Then as quick as she could, she grabbed a small blanket, lunged towards Furble, and threw it over him. “Naughty boy,” she scolded, scooping him up in her arms. “I’m taking you back to your cage now.”
As she crept back down the hall, Grandma’s bedroom door creaked.  Oh poo! Molly froze for a second, not daring to move. Then with wobbly knees, and still holding Furble, she tiptoed back to her own room and quietly closed the door.
A second later, footsteps thumped down the hallway. Molly’s heart quickened. She hoped her grandmother was heading to the kitchen for a drink because if she caught Molly with Furble in her bedroom, she'd send her home for sure. Holding the wriggling bundle tightly, Molly made a beeline for her bed, but it was too late. The doorknob turned.
Molly whispered, “Aberjabla,” her secret word for trouble. Then she squeezed her eyes shut and held her breath.

Nine - In Trouble

Grandma poked her curly head around the door. “Molly, what’re you doing with the light on?”
Molly held onto the moving blanket in her arms.  “I … I had to go to the bathroom and … and my covers fell off.”
Grandma sighed. “Well, get back into bed and go to sleep.”
Furble suddenly poked his nose out from behind the blanket and tickled Molly’s neck. Trying not to giggle, she bolted into bed. As she crawled beneath the sheets, Furble nipped her hand, but when she loosened her grip, he ran down her leg and nibbled at her toes. Unable to control herself any longer, Molly burst into a fit of hysterical laughter.
“Come on, Molly. Don’t mess about,” said Grandma. “Go to sleep. There’s a good girl.” She clicked the light off and shut the door.
Feeling around for Furble, Molly waited for a moment until Grandma’s creaky bedroom door closed. “Whew, that was close.” She clicked on her lamp and peered under her quilt. “Come here, you little rascal,” she whispered, grabbing Furble before he could escape again. She wrapped him in one of the pillowslips from her bed and cuddled him close. Poo! She hadn't even been able to get any photos of him eating his food. Oh well, she sighed. She’d just have to wait until Grandma fell asleep again.
While she waited, she lay on her pillow and stroked Furble’s head. Her tummy felt suddenly warm and she realised he'd wee-weed on her pyjama top. “Good on ya,” she whispered. “I hope you're not going to poo on me too.ˮ She climbed out of bed and carried him back to the guest room. “Naughty little thing.”
Holding him in the crook of her arm, she grabbed her camera and opened the lid of the large cage. As she lowered him in, she switched on her camera. “Look, Furble. All that yummy food is waiting for you.”
Furble looked startled for a moment, then he shook his head and scurried about. He sniffed and poked at everything in sight, but when he found the insect cereal, he stuck his tiny pink tongue in the bowl and lapped it up.
Molly punched the air with her fist. She wanted to do her happy dance, but that would just wake Grandma again.



As Molly held the camera up, the little bandicoot moved to the next bow and gobbled the fruit. “What a good boy you are.”
He shook his head again and leaped onto the leaves. When he came across a spider, he munched him up, then hunted for more.
“You’re so funny.” Molly covered her mouth with her hands to stifle her giggles.
When Furble found the cardboard tunnel, he scuttled inside. A moment later, he came back out and gathered some leaves with his paws. Then he dragged them back in.
Molly gasped with wonder as she watched him make a nest. She pressed her nose against the metal bars, but all she could see was his furry little head. He’d already curled up on the towel inside the tunnel and covered himself with leaves. Smiling, she snapped another photo as he yawned and closed his eyes.
Her heart skipped with joy as she gazed lovingly at Furble. “Oh, you’re so sweet, but I’m tired after chasing you around, so I’m going back to my bed. Good night, and behave. No rattling the cage, okay?” Leaving him in his new nest, Molly hugged herself, then padded back to her room. After placing the camera on the bedside table, she climbed back into her bed and snuggled beneath the sheets. She was thrilled Furble liked his new cage and nest, but hated the thought of giving him back to the wild. But hopefully Grandma would fall in love with Furble too. Then she would keep him. At least then Tiddles couldn’t eat him. Inhaling the scent of lavender from her fluffy white pillow, and imagining herself visiting Furble at Granma’s, Molly fell into a blissful sleep.

***

Not long after, a noise woke her up. She squinted at the red numbers on the radio clock. It was only four-thirty in the morning. Still sleepy, she closed her eyes.
Then she heard it again.
Grandma’s voice was vibrating through the wall. “Furble, where are you?”
Her heart pounding with dread, Molly sat upright. Oh, no! She'd forgotten to put the bandicoot back in the small cage. She leapt out of bed and ran down the hall to Furble’s room.
The armchair chair lay on its side as her grandmother pulled the covers off the spare bed. “Oh, Molly,” she said, “I came to check on Furble, but I can’t find him anywhere.” She pointed to the small cage. “He must have squeezed through a bend in one of the bars and escaped.”
With a feeble smile, Molly pointed to the large cage. “I … I put him in there.”
“What?” Grandma pressed her lips together and scowled. She shook her head and hurried over to look. As she stared at the empty food bowls scattered about, her jaw dropped. Scraps of fruit and cereal were strewn all around the cage. “Why’d you do that, Molly?”



“Well, um … it was like this, Gran.” Molly put her finger on the side of her mouth and stared at the ceiling. “Furble was hungry and … and he was biting the bars and rattling them. He must have been able to smell the food. So I thought … um … if I put him in the large cage, he’d eat something.” She shrugged. “Then he’d be quiet and go to sleep.”
“Oh, Molly,” said Grandma, picking up the walking stick and wagging it at her. “You could have hurt him. Didn't I tell you not to handle him on your own?”
“But, Gran, he was making a dreadful noise.” Molly stared at her toes. “And I didn’t want him to starve to death.”
“That’s no excuse. You should have come and woke me,” said Grandma. “I’ve a good mind to send you home after breakfast.”



Molly bowed her head and looked up. “Please, don’t send me home early. I’m sorry, Gran. Honestly. I promise I won’t do it again.” She was hoping to ask Grandma if she could stay all week, but she didn’t dare now.
“I don’t know what we’ll do with you, Molly.”
Though Grandma had spoken in a stern voice, Molly saw a glint of humour in her twinkling blue eyes. “At least he’s eaten some food,” said Molly, holding out her hands.
Grandma reached into the large cage and searched amongst the scattered leaves. “I can’t seem to find Furble. I should go get my glasses. Where on earth is he?”
Molly grinned cheekily. “I think he’s hiding inside that cardboard tunnel you made him.”
With a shake of her head, Grandma felt inside the nest. “No. He’s not in there.”
Looking around, Molly spotted a lump underneath the newspaper in the middle of the cage. “There he is. He’s hiding.”
Grandma reached under the mound of paper and rummaged about. When she pulled her arm out, Furble lay limp in her hand and his eyes were closed.
“Oh, no!” Molly pressed her hands against her cheeks and gasped. Had she killed Furble? Her bottom lip quivered as she looked at her grandmother. “Is he dead, Gran?”



Ten - Duck Eggs

Molly’s eyes filled with tears. She couldn’t bear to lose Furble.
Grandma held the bandicoot to her ear. “It’s all right, Molly. Don’t panic. He’s breathing okay.”
Furble moved his head and opened his sleepy eyes. Then he squirmed around and tried to escape.
Molly blew out a big breath. “Oh, Furble, you scared me so.”
“He was just sleeping.” Grandma stroked the little bandicoot and examined his wounds. She turned to Molly. “You see, it’s not nice to have a fright.”



Doing her happy dance, Molly twirled around. “I’m so glad he’s all right.”



Grandma put Furble back into the nest in the large cage. “You shouldn’t have disobeyed me. You could have dropped him and he could have escaped. And lucky for you he didn’t scrape his wounds and make them bleed again.” Her eyes locked on Molly for a moment.
Molly wiped her sweaty brow, hoping Grandma wouldn’t guess that Furble had escaped. And if she knew Molly had been taking photos of him, she’d be in even more trouble. She hadn’t meant to let him leap out of her arms. She bit her bottom lip and glanced back at her grandmother.
Grandma shook her head and began cleaning up the mess. “You’d better go back to bed and get more sleep.”
“Are you still mad at me, Gran?” Molly closed her eyes and puckered her lips for a kiss.
“Ooooh, you wouldn’t be pushing your luck, would you?” Grandma kissed her on the forehead and pointed towards the door. “Bed!”
“See you later, Furble,” said Molly, peering into the cage. She turned to Grandma. “I still think you should let Furble live in my garden when he’s better.”
“I’ve already told you, he’s going back to Mrs Wilson’s garden. Now scoot!”
Molly ran back to her room and snuggled under her quilt. She might be in trouble, but at least Furble had eaten some food. Now, he wouldn’t die of hunger. She yawned and her eyelids drooped. As and she drifted off to sleep, she dreamt Furble came to live at her house. He ate all the cockroaches and bugs around the garden and played in her father's veggie patch.
When she woke, the sun was shining on her face through a gap in the curtains. She stretched her arms and legs and smiled. It was a good day. Furble was getting better and she’d taken her photos. She couldn't wait to see them.
As Grandma called her name, the smell of hot buttered toast drifted into her room, making her stomach growl. Molly swung her legs over the edge of the bed and pulled off her pyjamas. She was looking forward to seeing what mealworms looked like. After putting on her jeans and top, she skipped to the kitchen.
“Good morning, love.” said Grandma, setting two plates of boiled eggs and toast on the table. “Are you ready for breakfast? I’ve even peeled the eggshell for you.” She passed Molly a cup of hot chocolate.
Molly’s eyes popped wide open. “That’s the biggest boiled egg I’ve ever seen.” She sat down and picked up her knife.
Grandma smiled and poured herself a cup of tea. “They’re duck eggs.”
“Duck eggs?” Molly pushed her plate away. “I don’t want it now. I’m not eating a baby duck.”
“Oh, don’t be silly.” Grandma passed her the salt. “It’s not a baby duck. Not all eggs turn into ducklings. Anyway, you eat chicken’s eggs.”
Molly scowled and nibbled her toast. No way was she eating a duck egg. Not even if Grandma got mad at her for taking Furble out of his cage.
“Come on, sweetheart. Eat your egg.” Grandma took a spoonful of hers. “Mmm, it’s good.”
Molly’s tummy churned. She sipped her hot chocolate and thought about the cute little ducklings swimming in her dam at home.



Just then, the telephone rang and Grandma hurried to the lounge to answer it.
Seizing her chance, Molly grabbed her boiled egg and ran across the kitchen towards the garbage bin. Halfway there, she heard Grandma put the phone down. Yipes! She was heading back. Molly hesitated. Poo! No way could she reach the bin in time. Shoving the egg into her jeans pocket, she rushed back to her seat.
Grandma glanced at Molly’s empty plate. “Oh, so you liked your egg after all. Well, here’s another one for you. Aren’t they delicious?” Grinning, she plopped another peeled duck egg into Molly’s eggcup.
Molly gave her a feeble smile. She wished she hadn’t hidden her egg now.
“Come on, eat up,” said Grandma, finishing her own breakfast. “We have a lot to do today.” She picked up her dirty dishes and dumped them in the sink.
As soon as Grandma turned away, Molly snatched the egg from her plate and shoved it into her pocket with the other one. As she munched on her last mouthful of toast, she couldn’t help staring at the bulge in her pocket. She hoped Grandma didn't see it. Then she had one of her super ideas. She could flush the duck eggs down the toilet. Great! No evidence. She got up to go to the bathroom, but Grandma beat her to it. Bummer!
Worried that Grandma might see the eggs if she threw them in the bin, Molly dashed to her bedroom. Poo! The eggs had gotten squashed and had stained her jeans. She quickly pulled them off, then stuffed them into her backpack with the duck eggs still in the pocket.
“Pew, they stink,” she mumbled, wiping her hands down her singlet. Starting to panic, she rummaged through the cupboard until she found a pair of shorts and a clean shirt. “These will do.” She yanked them on and headed back to the kitchen. She’d just have to get rid of the eggs later.
Grandma stared at Molly’s bare legs. “Where’s your nice jeans and pretty singlet gone?”
Molly studied her fingers. “I was hot, so I changed into shorts.”
Grandma raised an eyebrow and peered over her spectacles as if she didn’t believe her.
Trying to distract Grandma, Molly twirled her hat around her finger. “Can I check on Furble?”
“Leave him for now,” said Grandma. “Bandicoots sleep during the day.”
Molly washed her plate and glass. “No wonder cats can get them.”
Grandma grabbed a clean tea towel out of the drawer. “Bandicoots are not usually seen during the daytime. They hide in shallow holes in the ground, and sometimes they even block the entrance with mulch and soil to conceal their nest. They also cover themselves with leaves in holes under dense bushes.”
“Maybe Furble was hungry and came out to eat the cat's food,” said Molly.
“Could be,” said Grandma.
“Poor little Furble,” said Molly. “Cats are cruel sometimes.”
“Not all cats attack bandicoots.” Grandma grabbed the broom and began sweeping the kitchen floor. “I’ve known some cats that have shared their food with them.”
Molly frowned. “Tiddles didn’t.”
“No, he didn’t, but he doesn’t know any better.” Grandma sighed. “Sometimes bandicoots get caught at dusk or dawn when they’re coming or going to their nests.”
“But why don’t people just keep their cats in at night?” said Molly.
“I don’t know,” said Grandma. “Jabus is only allowed out when I can watch him, but never at night.”
Molly suddenly had a brainstorm. “Can I take Peggy for a walk?”
“Peggy would love that.” Grandma got up, walked to the sunroom and let the dog out. “You can take her to the park, but be back by lunchtime.”
With a big smile, Molly ran to the laundry and grabbed the leash of the wall. She hooked it onto Peggy's collar and opened the back door. “Bye, Gran,” she hollered before jogging up the driveway.
“Don't be late,” shouted Grandma.
Molly waved and made her way up the lane as the scruffy little dog trotted beside her.
A sudden breeze carried the sweet smell of blossoms through the air. Molly loved summertime. The valley was full of chirping baby birds and ducklings waded in the dams. She felt happy for a moment. Furble’s wounds were healing and he was eating his food. Then her smile turned to a frown. Soon he’d be released back to Mrs Wilson's garden, and back to Tiddles. Molly couldn’t bear to think of him going back to that cat’s house to be attacked again.
Well, maybe she could save him. She ran with Peggy up Tumblewood High Street and past the Old Bank building. As she stomped across the little wooden bridge next to Tumblewood Curiosity shop, she couldn’t resist the temptation to throw a pebble into the creek. As she leaned over the railing, her hat fell into the stream. “Oh, poo! I liked that hat.”
Molly sighed. There was no time to retrieve it. She had a mission and time was running out. Tugging at the dog’s leash, she jogged past the butcher’s shop. Peggy tried to sneak in, but Molly steered her away. “No! You can’t have a bone. We’ve got to hurry.” They headed down the dirt road towards the valley where Molly lived. She had to talk to that Mrs Wilson before it was too late.

Eleven - Mealworms

As Molly trotted behind Peggy along the back fence at the bottom of her garden, she hoped her family couldn’t see her from the lounge room window. When Peggy stopped to sniff the ground, Molly pulled her along and headed towards Mrs Wilson’s house. She held on tight to the leash, knowing if she let go for a second, Peggy would run below to the wetlands and chase the black moorhens and ducks. Then she’d be seen for sure.
With Peggy in tow, Molly tramped through the cow fields, keeping close to the barbed wire fence. They made their way around the corner to the other side of Mrs Wilson’s huge tree strewn property. When they reached the wooden gate, Molly tied the leash to the post and walked into her neighbour’s yard.
Mrs Wilson was sitting in her rocking chair on the back veranda. As she rocked to and fro, she stared at her book and sipped from a teacup.
“Hello, Mrs Wilson,” said Molly. “Where’s Tiddles?”
Mrs Wilson looked up. “Hello, Molly. I don’t know, but he’ll be around somewhere.”
“Well, I hope he isn’t chasing critters.” Molly shook her fist in the air. “He’s already injured a bandicoot.”
“Pardon?” Mrs Wilson took her glasses off and frowned. “What on earth are you talking about?”
“Tiddles,” said Molly with a quick nod of her head. “He caught a bandicoot in your garden and tore its back open. I saved him and took him home to Daddy. I named him Furble and now he lives at my grandmother’s house.”
“Well, I never,” said Mrs Wilson. “I hope it’s not another one of your made-up stories.”
“It’s true!” said Molly. “You can ask my mother.”
Mrs Wilson got up and walked towards her. “I can’t come right now. I’ve got a cake in the oven, but I’ll talk to her later.”
Molly squinted at Mrs Wilson. “Furble’s got scabs now, but he’ll get better soon. And my grandmother said he has to come back to your garden to find his family. But I don’t want Tiddles to injure him again. Why don’t you keep him indoors at night so he can’t hurt little animals?”
“You’re talking so fast, Molly, I can hardly understand you.” Mrs Wilson shook her head. “Anyway, I can’t keep Tiddles indoors all the time.”
“Well, I don’t like Tiddles anymore,” said Molly, her face getting hot. “He’s cruel. He wants to eat my bandicoot, and if he catches him again, Furble will never see get to see his mother ever again.”
Mrs Wilson scratched her head. “Hmmm, I’ll come over this afternoon and have a chat with your mother.”
“Umm.” Molly bit her finger and thought for a moment. “You could visit my Grandma instead. If you saw Furble’s sore back, you’d want to keep your cat indoors.”
Mrs Wilson’s jaw dropped, then she tutted and walked back to her chair. “Impudent child,” she mumbled.
Molly walked back through the gate and unhooked Peggy's leash. “Come on. I think Mrs Wilson just said I’m an important child. Now she might visit Grandma and tell her she’ll keep Tiddles indoors.”
Her plan had worked. Good, now Furble wouldn’t have to hide from Tiddles, or be taken down to the riverbank and be attacked by a fox or a dingo. Molly smiled. Maybe now, she’d be able to visit Furble in Mrs Wilson’s garden.
Waving at her neighbour, Molly marched back up the dirt road with Peggy. When they got to the top of the hill, they ran the rest of the way, not stopping until they arrived back at Grandma’s.
Grandma was standing on the back porch with Jabus. “Where’ve you been? Lunch is nearly cold.”



“I forgot the time,” said Molly, taking Peggy’s leash off. The little dog jumped up at Grandma and wagged her tail.
“You’d better take Peggy back to the sunroom and give her a drink. I’ll bring Jabus in in a minute.”
“Okay.” Molly hurried indoors with Peggy and filled her bowl with water. After washing her hands in the bathroom, she skipped to the kitchen.
“Where’s your hat?” asked Grandma, dishing out two bowls of steaming broth and placing them on the table.
“Um. It blew into the stream and I couldn’t get it out.”
Grandma shook her head. “Well, your father phoned while you were out. He’ll be here to pick you up soon.”
“Aww, Gran. I thought I could stay until tonight.”
“He’s driving past,” said Grandma. “So he’s picking you up on his way.”
Molly slurped her soup, then picked up her dish to lick it, but Grandma snatched it away.
“No, you don’t,” she said, stacking it on the bench. “Come on, let’s give Furble a treat.” She walked over to the fridge and took out a plastic container. With a twinkle in her eye, she opened the tub and emptied some wriggly yellow things onto a saucer. “He’s going to love these.” 
“What are they?” Molly eyes opened wide. “They look like dead worms.”
“They’re the mealworms I was telling you about. I keep them for injured wildlife. Follow me.” Grandma took them to the spare room and placed them inside Furble’s cage.
Molly’s face lit up as the mealworms began to wriggle and moved about. “How can they be alive when they’ve been in the fridge?”
Grandma smiled. “Mealworms go to sleep when they’re cold and become active again when they’re brought back to room temperature. They’re called pupae before they turn into beetles.”
“Eww.” Molly wrinkled her nose.
Furble poked his head out and sniffed the air. Then he darted around and pounced on the squirming worms. After snapping them up, he crunched them with his pointed white teeth. He was enjoying them so much, his eyes seemed to pop right out of his furry little head.



Molly grinned . “Look at the greedy littl thing chomping away. He loves them.” But then she thought about the worms and scowled. “Poor little beetle pups.”
Grandma sprinkled more mealworms in front of Furble. “I knew he’d like them.”
Furble smacked one with a paw, then gobbled it up.
“Fetch me that little bowl of berries and seeds from the table,” said Grandma.
Molly ran to the kitchen and brought them back. When she placed them in front of Furble, he lapped them all up.
“I’m so happy he’s eating, Gran. He won’t die now, will he?”
“I think he’s going to be just fine, love.”
“I’ll miss him, heaps,” said Molly, gazing lovingly at her furry friend. Sniffing, she wiped a tear from her eye.
“You can come and visit him after school,” said Grandma, hugging Molly close. “That’s if you manage to keep out of trouble for a while.”
Molly frowned. “If Mrs Wilson comes to visit you this afternoon, can you tell her to keep her cat indoors?”
Grandma stared at her. “Why would she visit me?”
Molly chewed her lower lip and shrugged. “She might want to see what Furble looks like.” A loud bang on the door made Molly jump. Could that be her already?
Grandma peeped out the bedroom window. “It’s your father. You better get your bag.”
Molly trudged to her bedroom and grabbed her backpack. It wasn’t fair. She didn’t want to go home yet. Why couldn’t she stay with Furble? Plus she’d hoped to see Mrs Wilson’s face when she saw how beautiful the bandicoot was. And she wanted to hear what Grandma said when Mrs Wilson told her what an important child she was for saving a bandicoot.
Hitching her bag onto her shoulder, Molly walked back to the guest room. “See you later, Furble.”
Grandma kissed Molly on the forehead. “You can visit him after school if you're a good girl.”
Still pouting, Molly headed to the front door. Her father was waiting on the porch with his hand on the doorjamb. He pressed his lips together real tight and shook his head. Did that mean trouble? Molly smiled weakly and bolted to the car.

Twelve - Afternoon Tea

After climbing in the back seat, Molly buckled up and peered out the window. Daddy looked angry. Maybe he’d seen her telling Mrs Wilson off. She'd be in big trouble if he did. Yipes! Or maybe he'd been looking for his camera.
When he'd finished chatting to Grandma, he turned and strode back to the car. Molly looked away from him and stared at her feet. As he fastened his seatbelt, he glanced through the rear view mirror at her. “You’re very quiet today, Scallywag.”
Daddy wasn’t angry with her after all. Molly smiled. Maybe Mrs Wilson had told him what an important child she was.
“Has the cat got your tongue, Molly?”
“I'm not quiet,” said Molly. “But a cat will get Furble if Mrs Wilson doesn't keep Tiddles indoors. And I didn’t want to come home yet. I wanted to stay with Furble.”
As Grandma waved, her father honked the horn and drove away. “Sorry, Molly, but I have a meeting that will run late, so I had to pick you up early.”
“Can I visit Furble after school tomorrow?”
“I suppose so, but you’d better ask Mummy first.”
As they rode through Tumblewood Village, Molly gazed out the window, wondering if her mother would let her go.
“Okay, I’ll see you later,” said her father, pulling up outside their house.
Molly got out. “See, ya, Daddy, and thanks for helping me get Furble to the vet.”
He smiled. “No worries, love. I was only too happy to help him.”
As he drove away, she waved. Then she hitched her backpack onto her shoulders and skipped down the garden path towards the backdoor. Her little sister was sitting on the back step, sucking on a purple lollipop.
“We have a visitor,” said Rosie.
Molly sighed. “Oh, don’t tell me it’s Gretchen's mother.”
“No,” said Rosie, wiping her runny nose with the back of her hand. “It’s Mrs Wilson.”
Molly stopped in her tracks. What was Mrs Wilson doing here? She was supposed to go to Grandma's house to see Furble. Molly chewed on the inside of her cheek.
“You 'wanna come and play on the swing?” asked Rosie.
“Maybe later,” said Molly, hurrying indoors. She dropped her bag in the bedroom she shared with her sisters, then tiptoed to the kitchen. Hearing voices in the lounge room, she peeked through the crack in the open door.
Mrs Wilson was sitting on the couch with her arms folded. Maybe she'd come to tell Mum what an important child she was for teaching her about cats and bandicoots.
“I couldn't believe it,” said Mrs Wilson. “She gave me a headache.”
Believe what? Molly wondered. She looked at her mother, waiting for her to speak. Who gave her a headache?
Mum smiled at Mrs Wilson and held up the teapot. “Would you like a cup of chamomile tea?”
“That sounds nice,” said Mrs Wilson, picking bits of fluff off her cardigan. “Tell me, did Molly really catch a bandicoot in my garden?”
Keeping as still as she could, Molly watched from behind the door as her mother poured the tea.
“Yes, she did,” said her mother. “But I haven't seen it yet.”
Mrs Wilson took a sip from her cup. “Oh, I just thought it was one of Molly's made-up stories.”
I do not make stories up, thought Molly. I told her Furble was at Grandma’s house and she could go and see him. She even said I was an important child, but now she doesn’t even believe me. Molly had an urge to run in there and tell that woman off, but she’d only get into trouble again.
He mother rolled her eyes and grinned at Mrs Wilson. “Oh, I know Molly likes to colour things sometimes, but she really did bring an injured bandicoot home. She took it to the animal hospital with her father. She told him she rescued it from your cat. The poor little animal had cuts and scratches on his back. How did you find out?”
Molly chewed on her tongue and looked from her mother to Mrs Wilson.
Mrs Wilson sighed. “Molly told me when she came to visit me this morning.”
Molly held her breath and listened.
Her mother frowned. “Are you sure? She’s staying with her grandmother at the moment.”
“Oh, I’m sure,” said Mrs Wilson, putting her cup on the table. “She had a little dog with her.”
“Really?” Her mother offered Mrs Wilson a chocolate biscuit. “The bandicoot is being cared for by my mother. She’s a member of a wildlife rescue team. He’ll be staying there until he’s well again.”
Molly beamed. At least her mother was proud of her. Maybe she should join them for tea. She wouldn’t mind one of those chocolate cookies, but she was having such a lovely time snooping.
“Where will you release the bandicoot?” asked Mrs Wilson. “I’ve just planted some new seedlings and I don’t want a bandicoot digging up my flower bed.”
Good, thought Molly. Now Mum might keep Furble here.
“They don’t usually bother flowers,” said her mother. “They eat insects and bugs off shrubs and plants. They eat snails too and that’s a good thing.”
“I see,” said Mrs Wilson, brushing crumbs from her skirt. “But I'm sure it's been digging up my new seedlings.”
Molly squinted at her. What a horrid woman. How dare she say mean things about Furble?
“What did Molly say to you,” asked her mother.
Mrs Wilson cleared her throat and folded her arms. “She came to tell me to keep my cat indoors at night.”
Oh, poo, thought Molly. She’d be in big trouble now. She hid in the pantry and pulled the door closed, but left a gap so she could peep out. As she moved further back, she banged her elbow against a cookie tin and it dropped to the ground with a crash. Suddenly the door flew open and Molly fell forward, landing on the tiled floor at her mother’s feet.
“What on earth are you doing in there, Molly?” Her mother was standing over her with her hands on her hips.
Molly scrambled to her feet. “I … I was getting a cookie.”
Rosie was leaning on the fridge, wrapping her tongue around the last of her lollypop. She licked her lips, then giggled. “You were hiding in the pantry so you could listen at the door, Molly. I saw you.”
“Was not!” Molly pursed her lips and glared at Rosie.
Her mother folded her arms “Go to your room, Molly! I’ll talk to you later.”
Molly glanced in the lounge room at Mrs Wilson. Then she grabbed her mother’s shirt. “Please tell her to keep Tiddles indoors or he’ll kill Furble.”
“Molly, mind your manners.” Her mother’s face went red and she pointed to the hallway. “Go to your room!”
“It’s not fair!” Molly ran to her bedroom, but left the door open to listen. She heard her mother apologising to Mrs Wilson.
“What are you doing, Molly?” asked her big sister, Kate.
 Molly jumped. “Oh, you scared me.”
Kate peered into the hallway. “Why are you listening at the door?”
“Shush,” whispered Molly. “I asked Mrs Wilson if she’d keep her cat indoors because it hurt a baby bandicoot, but she doesn’t want to. She told Mum, and now I’m in big trouble.”
“You shouldn’t have done that,” said Kate. “Why didn’t you let Mum talk to her? She has a way with people.”
Molly couldn’t hear what her mother was saying, so she slumped on her bed. “I don't want Furble to go back and live with Tiddles. He'll hurt him again. And if the bandicoot is released by the river, he won’t have his family and he’ll be lonely.” Tears ran down Molly's cheeks. “I’ll never see him again and those foxes that live in the woods will eat him.”



Kate put her arm around Molly’s shoulders. “Mum told me you rescued a bandicoot. Is Furble his name?”
Molly nodded. “Yes, and he's only a baby.”
“Don’t worry.” said Kate. “Daddy will talk to Mrs Wilson.”
Molly wiped her eyes with her hands. “But she won’t listen.”
“I can't wait to see him,” said Kate.
“But you won't get to see him if Grandma sends him back to Mrs Wilson's garden. Tiddles will eat him.”
“I want to see him too,” said Rosie, running into the room. “Is he still at Gran's?”
“Yes,” said Molly, scowling at her. “Why'd you dob on me for hiding in the pantry? You got me into trouble”
Rosie pouted. “Did not! You got yourself into trouble for shouting at Mrs Wilson.”
“Is she still here?” asked Molly.
“No, she’s gone home,” said Rosie. “But she told Mummy that you're an impudent child.”
“What’s that mean?” asked Molly, looking at Kate.
Kate put her hand to her mouth and laughed. “It means cheeky or rude.”
Molly face grew hot. She shook her head. “No, Rosie, she would have said important, not impudent.”
“No,” said Rosie, sitting on her bed. “She said you were impudent 'cause I asked Mummy what it meant. She said it means bad mannered. Anyway, Mummy wants to talk to you.”
“I don’t like that Mrs Tattletale anymore,” said Molly, heading downstairs.

Thirteen - Pictures of Furble

Molly poked her head around the lounge room door. “Rosie said you wanted to talk to me.”
Her mother glanced up from her sewing and frowned.  “Yes, come here.”
“What?” Molly shuffled toward her, a defiant pout on her face.
Her mother's eyebrows drew together. “I know you rescued a little bandicoot, Molly, and I'm very proud of you for that. But that doesn't mean you can’t be rude to adults.”



Molly stared back, her arms stubbornly folded over her chest. “I wasn’t rude. I only asked Mrs Wilson to keep Tiddles indoors so he couldn’t hurt Furble again.”
Her mother closed her eyes for a moment and slowly exhaled. “No, sweetie, you didn’t ask her to keep Tiddles inside—you told her to. Mrs Wilson has always been good to you kids and you should show some respect.”
“Well, her cat should show some respect to little critters,” said Molly.
Her mother sighed. “Honey, it’s a cat’s nature to chase small animals. And I agree that cats should be supervised when outdoors, but you should've let me speak to her.” She shook her head. “Now, I don’t know if Mrs Wilson will keep Tiddles inside and we may have to release Furble somewhere else.”
“No, Mum. Furble has to go back to his mother. Gran said so.” Molly shook her fist in the air. “We should call the police on Mrs Wilson.”
“Come on, Molly.” Her mother ran her fingers through her hair. “Now you’re being silly. We can’t force Mrs Wilson to keep her cat inside all the time. You used to love playing with Tiddles.”
“I won’t play with him ever again unless he’s kept indoors,” said Molly.
“Okay.” Her mother blew out a long breath. “I’ll have a chat to Mrs Wilson, but you have to promise me you won’t ever speak to her like that again.” 
Molly nodded. “Okay.”
“Right, then.” She stood up. “Now, I’ve got to nip to the butchers, so you can stay with Kate. I'll take Rosie with me. I won't be long.”
Rosie came charging into the lounge room. “Can we call at the toy shop too, Mummy?”
“Why're you always snooping?” said Molly.
“You do too,” said Rosie. “You hid in the pantry.”
Molly turned and ran back to her bedroom. Rosie might only be six, but she could be so annoying sometimes. But it was good that she was going out with Mum. It would be a good time to ask Kate to help put the photos of Furble onto a disk. Then she could put Daddy's camera back in his desk drawer without Rosie telling him.
She glanced at Kate, who was sitting at her desk by the window. “Can you help me with my school project?”
“In a bit,” said Kate, clicking on her laptop. “I just have to finish something.”
Molly reached for her backpack. She couldn't wait to show Kate the photos of Furble, but before she unzipped it, her tummy turned over. Oh no! She dropped her bag on the floor and slapped her forehead. She'd forgotten to grab the camera from the dresser at Grandma's. Now what would she do? She couldn't give it back to Daddy—and she wouldn't be able to take her pictures of Furble to school tomorrow. “Poo! Poo! Poo,” she yelled. Now Gretchen would laugh at her because she had no pictures.
“Be quiet, Molly,” said Kate. “I'm trying to study.”
Tears clouded Molly's eyes, but she blinked them away. Why did everything have to go wrong? Suddenly she had a great idea. If she called at Grandma's on the way to school, she'd get to see Furble, and get the camera. And maybe Miss Button would help her to put the pictures onto a disk.
Molly slumped on the floor and bowed her head. Tomorrow was hours away.
“Now, what did you want me to do?” asked Kate, looking up from her computer.
Molly sighed. “It doesn't matter now because I left my project at Grandma’s.”
“Oh?” said Kate. “Maybe Mum could pick it up for you. I think she was calling at Grandma's to see the bandicoot. Why don't you phone her?”
Her eyes wide, Molly shook her head. “No, then I'd get into even more trouble.”
“Uh-oh. What have you done now, Molly?”
“Um … well,” said Molly, holding her hands out. “I sort of borrowed Daddy's camera for a bit—to take photos of Furble.”
Kate's jaw dropped. “Oh, dear. You're right. You'll be in big trouble.”
“But I have to hand in a picture of a native animal to Miss Button tomorrow,” said Molly. “It's the last day to get it in before she makes the school calendar.”
“Did you take any photos of the bandicoot?” asked Kate.
Molly held her mouth and chuckled. “Yes, I got heaps. And they're so cute.”
“Well,” said Kate. “Why don't you just ring Grandma and tell her to give the camera to Rosie. Mum doesn’t need to know.”
Molly wrinkled her brow. “Um … Gran doesn't know I took photos. She doesn’t know I borrowed Daddy's camera.”
Kate jumped up, ran out of the room and came back with the telephone. “I'll ring Gran's number and speak to Rosie. Where did you leave the camera?”
“On the dresser, in the bedroom, but Rosie will dob on me.”
“Not if I tell her it's my camera.” Kate giggled. “I'll tell her I'll buy her something if she keeps it a secret.”
Molly bit her lip. “She's bound to tattle.”
“It's the only way to get your photos before tomorrow.” Kate dialled Grandma's number and asked to speak to Rosie.
Molly sat on the edge of the bed and chewed on her fingernails.
“Rosie,” said Kate. “The other day I left my camera in the guest room at Gran's. If you bring it home and don't say anything to Mum or Gran, I'll buy you a big bag of lollies. It's a secret, so if you say anything, you'll get nothing.” Kate hung up and headed out the door to take the phone back.
Molly ran behind her. “If she dobs, I'm busted.”

Fourteen - Rosie

When Molly heard her Mother's car rumble into the driveway, she peeked through the curtains. A sick feeling settled in the pit of her stomach. She listened through the open window, sure that Rosie would tattle, even if she didn’t mean to.
Kate stood waiting by the garage ready to grab the camera. As soon as Rosie stepped out of the car, she took Rosie's bag. “I'll carry that for you.”
“Hey!” said Rosie. “Where are my lollies?”
“Shush,” whispered Kate. “They're in the bedroom.”
“I won't tell anyone,” whispered Rosie, running into the house.
Molly bit her knuckle. Why couldn't Rosie be quiet for once?
“What are you girls whispering about?” asked Mum.
“Nothing,” said Kate, grabbing one of Mum's shopping bags and carrying it indoors.
As Rosie came charging through the bedroom door, Molly sat on her bed.
“Molly, Molly. I've seen your bandicoot, I've seen your bandicoot,” said Rosie, shaking her hands about.
“He's cute, isn't he?” said Molly.
Rosie giggled. “His nose looks like a pencil. I wish Mummy would let him live at our house.”
“Grandma won't let him live with us,” said Molly. “He has to go back to Mrs Wilson's garden when he's better.”
Kate dashed into the bedroom and closed the door. Then she spotted Rosie, sitting on her bed.  “Oh, I don't have any lollies, but I'll give you money for playlunch tomorrow instead.”
“Aww, but you said you had lollies for me.” Rosie stuck he bottom lip out and scowled.
“Don't be a sooky la, la,” said Kate, handing Rosie some coins.
“Ooooh thanks, Kate.” Rosie grinned and stuffed the money in her pocket.
“Okay, I have homework now, so scoot,” said Kate.
Grinning, Rosie skipped out of the room and closed the door.
Molly jumped up and hurried to Kate's laptop. “Hurry, I have to put Daddy's camera back before he gets home.”
Kate took the little SD disk out of the camera and slipped it into her laptop. After finding Molly's pictures of Furble, she saved them on a CD disk. “Do you want me to delete the pictures of Furble from Daddy's camera, Molly? Otherwise, he'll know that you borrowed it.”
Molly nodded. “Yes, I don't want to get into any more trouble.”
“Okay, here's your disk.” Kate put the CD disk into a plastic case and passed it to her. “We'll look at them later, when Rosie's asleep.”
“Okay.” After placing her disk carefully in her bedside drawer, she leaned over Kate's shoulder and watched her delete the photos of Furble from the camera. Just then their father's car pulled up in the driveway.
“Quick, give it to me.” Molly shook her hands about.
“Here, they're all deleted,” said Kate. “But you're going to get me into trouble too.”
Molly snatched the camera and bolted to her father's office. After looking over her shoulder, she shoved it into his desk drawer. As she turned to leave, she came face to face with her Father. “Hi, Daddy.”
Her father furrowed his brow. “What are you up to, Scallywag?”
“Just looking for a pencil,” said Molly, her face getting hot.
He pointed to a cup full of pens on his desk. “There's some in there.”
Molly grabbed one and hurried back to her bedroom. “Boy, that was close.” She plopped on her bed and let out a big breath. “Kate, can we have a peek at my pictures?”
Kate scowled. “No! We can't. Do you want to get busted? Someone will come in and see them.”
Rosie poked her head around the bedroom door. “Daddy's cooking a barbeque and Mummy said you two have to come and help.”
Molly followed Kate to the kitchen and carried the knives and forks outside to the table under their huge Jacaranda tree. The smell of sausages and onions sizzling on the hotplate made Moly's belly grumble. She licked her lips. “Yum, I'm hungry.”
As they all sat around the wooden table eating their meal, a family of butcherbirds waited to steal their food.
“You can't have my sausage,” shouted Rosie, putting her last bit in her mouth.
“Here,” said Molly. She threw a piece of meat and to a baby bird that was sitting on the back of her chair. It caught it in its beak and flew off with it.
“Don't feed them,” said her father. “Let them eat their natural food.”
“My favourite show is on soon, Mummy,” said Rosie, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand. “Can I go watch it?”
Mum sighed. “Oh, I suppose so. Then it's bath and bed. You have school tomorrow.”
Molly chewed on the rest of her chop. She couldn't wait until Rosie was asleep. Then she could show Kate her photos. Pity Rosie didn't have her own room. Little sisters could be such a pain sometimes. But Rosie was so cute, and after all, she had managed to get the camera back without getting Molly into trouble. Molly smiled at her.
Rosie wrinkled her nose and poked her tongue out, then she ran indoors.
As the sun dropped behind the hills, the mossies began to buzz about. “Come on,” said Mum. “Let's clear up quickly.”
After helping with the dishes, Molly showered and pulled on her pyjamas. She couldn't wait for school tomorrow. How exciting it would be to show her photos of the bandicoot to her teacher and classmates. She hugged herself, feeling all fuzzy inside.
After watching a movie, Molly and Kate headed to their room, but Rosie was still awake and playing with her toys.
“You have to go to sleep now,” said Molly, climbing into her bed near the window.
“You can't make me,” said Rosie, bouncing a doll on her pillow.
Kate switched off the light. “Go to sleep, Rosie.”
But Rosie didn't go to sleep. Molly could hear her playing with her toys in the dark. Then before she knew it, Molly woke to the sun, shinning on her face. She yawned and stretched her body. Oh, poo! She hadn't got to show Kate her photos last night. She looked at the red numbers on the digital clock. It was 7.30am.
Swinging her feet out of bed, she noticed Rosie's bed was empty. It wasn't like her to get up early. Molly dressed in her school uniform and opened her drawer to grab her photo disk. She couldn't wait to see Gretchen Bloomfield's face when she saw Furble.
Kate woke up, jumped out of bed and turned on her laptop. “Quick, let's have a look before Rosie comes back.”
Molly took the disk out of the little case and passed it to Kate, then stood next to the computer and waited. She was eager to see how the photos came out.
“Uh-oh,” said Kate. “There seems to be a problem.”
“What's wrong?” Molly felt sick. Surely Kate was mistaken.
“The disk isn't loading.” Kate ejected it, then put it back in. But it still didn't work.
“What's the matter with it?” Molly bit her lip and wrung her hands together.
Kate removed the disk and stared at it. “Oh, dear. It’s all scratched. But it wasn't like that last night.” She looked at Molly. “Have you been playing with it?”
Molly shook her head. “No! I haven't taken it out of the case since you gave it to me.”
Rosie ran into the room. “Mummy cooked breakfast 'cause it's Daddy's day off.” Her eyes wide, she looked at Molly, then at Kate. Then she glanced at the disk in Kate's hand before running to get her school bag.
“Rosie?” said Kate. “Have you been in Molly's drawer?”
Rosie held out her hands. “I was just trying to watch a movie on my CD player.” She rolled her eyes. “But guess what?” She shrugged. “It didn't even work.”
Her lips pressed tight, Molly squinted at Rosie. “You've ruined my school project. That wasn't a movie. They were photos of Furble and I had to hand them in today.”
Tears filled Rosie's eyes. “I … I didn't break it, Molly. It just didn't work.”
“But you scratched the disk,” said Kate. “You must have kept shoving it in and out.”
Rosie began to cry and held up her fingers. “Only ten times.”
Molly wanted to scream at her, but she ran outside instead. Oh, why did everything have to go wrong? She ran to the bottom of the garden and sat on the swing under the big old gumtree. Tears rolled down her cheeks. After all she'd done to get those photos.
A black and white butcher bird flew from a high branch and landed at her feet. He bobbed his head up and down and whistled a beautiful song. 
Molly squinted at the bird. “It’s okay for you to be happy. You’re not going to be in trouble with the teacher.” The bird pulled a worm from the ground and flew away.
A cold gust of wind blew up around Molly’s legs. Goosebumps covered her arms, but she didn’t care. She punched the tree. Why did Rosie have to go and spoil things?  She knew Rosie didn’t meant to ruin the disc, but those photos would have been the best in the whole class. Now everyone would laugh because she had no picture. She banged the heels of her shoes into the ground as hard as she could. “Yucky poo and stinky you - bogey yuck and slimy muck.”
When her mother called her in, Molly jumped off the swing and shoved it hard. As she turned to walk away, the swing swooped down and clobbered her on the back of the head, knocking her to the ground. “Ouch!” she yelled, scrunching her face like a rolled up sock. “I don’t like today very much.” Rubbing her head, she trudged back to the house for breakfast.
Her mother placed a plate of eggs, beans and tomatoes in front of her “Eat up, then you have to get your things ready for school.”
“I can’t get my things ready for school because someone ruined them.” Molly squinted angrily at Rosie. She didn't care anymore if she got into trouble for borrowing Daddy's camera.
“You don’t even look mean,” said Rosie. “You just look like you need glasses.”
Molly didn’t trust herself to answer, so she kept quiet. She ate her beans with her fingers and poked at her egg.
Her father stared at her from the other side of the table. “Use your knife and fork, Molly, and stop pulling faces at Rosie.”
“But she went into my things and ruined my school project.” Molly put her fork down, she didn’t feel hungry now.
“What's this all about?” asked her mother.
Molly didn't answer. She wasn't going to dob on herself. She scowled at Rosie. The whole class would be voting on the best picture today and hers wouldn't be included. It just wasn't fair. She grabbed one of the tiny cherry tomatoes and rolled it around her plate. It looked soft and red and very ripe. Without another thought, she flicked it across the table. Whoa! It shot through the air and exploded on her father’s forehead like a wet balloon. Splat!
“Molly!” cried her mother. “What’s the matter with you?”
Rosie and Kate burst into fits of hysterical laughter.
Her eyes wide, Molly stared at the yellow tomato seeds all over her father’s face. She covered her mouth with her hands and giggled. “Ooops, you’ve got freckles, Daddy.”
Her father wiped the goo off his face with a napkin and glared at her. “Why did you do that, Molly?”
Knowing she'd gone too far, she sucked in her cheeks. “It … it was just an accident.”
“No it wasn’t,” he said, raising an eyebrow.
“It was, Daddy. I didn’t do it on purpose. I … I was thinking about how everyone in my class will tease me because I don't have my homework done. Then my finger just flicked that baby tomato all by itself. Honestly it did.”
Her father leaned back in his chair and rubbed his chin. “Well, that finger is attached to your brain, Molly. So, I guess you don’t want to go to Grandma’s today.”
Molly’s mouth opened into a big O. “Oh, please, Daddy. Let me go. I have to get pictures of Furble, and I must see him again.”
“You should have thought about that before throwing your food at me. Mum and I have both warned you about your bad manners.”
With her head down, Molly nibbled her food. She didn't want it now. She peeked out the corner of her eye at her father, but he was still angry. His brow was furrowed and he was clenching his jaw, making the vein on the left side of his temple stick out. Surely he'd cool off before she went to school and let her go to Grandma's this afternoon.
But by the end of the meal, her father hadn't cooled off. He didn't even speak to her. After helping with the dishes, she trudged to her bedroom and grabbed her backpack. It wasn't fair. Now she couldn’t even see Furble today, and she had no picture for the wildlife calendar.

Fifteen - Golden Locks

After plodding to the kitchen, Molly grabbed her packed lunch from the fridge. Without checking to see what was in it, she shoved it in her backpack and zipped it up. She didn’t feel like kissing her mother and father goodbye—there was no point. They were much too cranky, and so was she. She just marched outside and let the screen door slam behind her.
“Wait for your sisters,” her mother called from the kitchen window.
Ignoring her, Molly hitched her backpack onto her shoulder and ran up the driveway. She didn’t want to wait for her sisters, and she didn’t look back and wave at her mother. She just wanted to get away from them all. She was going to be teased at school and nobody cared. Plus she couldn't even see Furble this afternoon.
There was no way she was catching the bus to school—even if it was too hot to walk. All the kids would be talking about their animal pictures. Molly plopped her blue school hat on and kicked a stone in the gully. Big deal if she could get more photos of Furble tomorrow. Everyone had to vote for the best picture today.
It just wasn’t fair. Molly didn’t even want to go to school. She wondered if she should sneak round to Grandma’s instead, but then she’d be in more trouble. She tramped up the dirt road towards Lara’s house. Maybe Lara would walk to school with her. She hurried along, but as she reached the corner, the bus was already pulling away. When Lara waved at her from the back window, Molly blew out a big puff of air. At least Lara had a good picture to add to the calendar.
As Molly walked up the hill to Tumblewood Primary, she suddenly missed her grandfather and wished he was still here. He would have helped her. She looked up at the sky and shouted, “Wouldn’t you, Grandpa?” Molly often stopped off to visit Grandma on her way to and from school, but not today. She didn't dare.
Huffing and puffing, she arrived at the school gate just as the bell rang. She hurried to her classroom and sat at her desk. Her classmates were already loading their pictures onto Miss Button’s computer.
Molly rested her head in her hands and watched all the excitement as the children inspected each other’s photos. Gretchen stopped by Molly’s desk and looked down her nose. “Where’s your picture?”
Wishing she was with Furble instead of at school, Molly fiddled with a pencil. “I’ve already handed it in.”



“No, you haven’t,” said Gretchen. “You just came in and sat down. I saw you.”
“Did not,” said Molly. “What’s on your photo?”
With her hands on her hips, Gretchen snorted, “I’m not telling you, but my picture will win.” Then she spun on her heel and sat at her desk behind Molly.
Miss Button clapped her hands. “Okay, sit down everyone.” She handed out sheets of paper with a list of animals. “When the pictures appear on the screen, just tick the one on your sheet that you want to vote for. The one with the most votes will go on the front page.”
Lara sat next to Molly. “What a shame you missed the bus. Did you hand your picture in yet?”
“Shush,” said Molly, pointing her head toward Gretchen. “I don’t want her to hear.”
“Hear what?” Lara looked over her shoulder at Gretchen.
Gretchen pointed at Molly and laughed. “She doesn’t have a picture.”
“I do, too,” said Molly, scrunching up her face.
“Where is it, then?” asked Gretchen.
“I already told you, I handed it in.” Molly folded her arms and faced the front.
Miss Button banged her clipboard loudly on her desk. “Molly Mavis Gumnut, pay attention.”
Gretchen poked Molly in the back and sniggered.
“Okay, kids,” said Miss Button. “You may vote now, even if you haven’t handed in a photo.” The pictures appeared on the computer screen, one by one.
Molly looked at the list and ticked the water dragon first. She knew that one was Lara’s. Then she ticked a wallaby with a joey in its pouch. Maybe it was a good job she didn’t take a picture of a joey. Someone else had, so there would have been two. She hoped it was Sissy’s picture. As a tears popped into her eyes she squeezed them shut. She didn't want to be called a cry baby, but she so wished she had her pictures.
Leaning closer to Molly, Lara whispered, “I like the one of the sugar glider, but which one is yours?”
Molly shrugged. “I like the platypus. I’ll pick that one for third.”
Miss Button tapped her pen on the white board. “When you’ve finished voting, you can start writing something about your animal to go underneath your picture. I’ll let you know what order they’ll go in after the break.”
When the bell rang for recess, Miss Button walked around the classroom. Her sweet, apple blossom scent floated through the air. “Hand in your votes, please.”
The children chattered amongst themselves as they handed in their papers. Then they hurried to the back of the room to get their playlunch.
Molly ambled behind the crowd to get her yogurt from her lunchbox. But when she opened her backpack, an awful stench oozed out.  “Poo.” She pinched her nose. What on earth was that? It smelt like a dead rat. Then her eyes popped wide open. Yipes! She’d forgotten to take the boiled duck eggs and jeans out of her bag last night.
Gretchen peered over Molly’s shoulder. “I bet your picture was so bad you didn't want anyone to see it.” She pulled at Molly's arm. “Show it to me!” Then she jerked back, holding her mouth. “Eww, yuck! Your breath stinks, Molly.”
Timothy got a whiff of the rotten eggs and gagged. “That’s gross.”
In a flash, Molly zipped her bag shut. Heat rushed to her face, but she couldn't panic—that would make things worse. Her morning had been horrible, but now it was nightmare.
Smirking at Timothy, Gretchen swayed from side to side as she sang, “Molly’s got rotten belly guts. Molly’s got rotten belly guts.”
“I do not,” said Molly, her hands starting to tremble.
Gretchen tilted her head back and laughed. “Yes you do. You smell. You probably haven’t even cleaned your teeth.” Then she sang it again. “Molly’s got rotten belly guts. Molly’s got rotten belly guts.”
Lara grabbed Molly’s sleeve. “Come on, let’s go outside.”
Molly glared at Gretchen. “I do not smell!”
“Yes, you do,” said Timothy, chanting, “Molly’s got stinky breath. Molly’s got stinky breath.”
Trying not to lose her temper, Molly turned her back and stuck her fingers in her ears. She wouldn’t listen. “Lala, lala, lala,” she sang.
Gretchen pulled Molly’s hands away and scoffed, “I know why you didn’t bring a picture. It's because you don’t have one.”
“I do so.” Molly looked across the room at the teacher. Miss Button seemed deep in thought. She was surrounded by noisy children as she worked on her computer.
Sticking her neck out, Gretchen tapped her finger on the end of Molly’s nose. “You smell bad and you don’t have a picture.”
Molly's face burned with anger. Unable to control herself any longer, she unzipped her backpack and thrust her hands in. After pulling the two duck eggs out of her jeans pocket, she squeezed them to a messy pulp.
Gretchen leaned closer and pulled at the bag. “You’re hiding something, Molly. What have you got? I bet it's a picture of a rat.”
Without another thought, Molly whipped her hands out and wiped the slimy duck eggs on Gretchen’s curls. “Now you’ve got rotten smelly hair,” she said.

Sixteen - Mrs Ramsbottom

Gretchen shoved Molly away. “Get your dirty hands off my hair, stupid!” After straightening her curls, she noticed sticky yellow goo on her fingers. She sniffed them. “Yuck! What’s that?”
“I dunno,” said Timothy, pinching his nose. “But it stinks like rotten eggs.”
“Gross!” Gretchen retched. “I’m telling the teacher and you’re going be in big trouble, Molly Gumnut.”
Lara tugged Molly’s arm. “Come on, we better go.” She chuckled. “What is that smelly stuff?”
“Duck eggs,” whispered Molly, wiping her hands on her dirty jeans and ramming them back in her backpack. She took her yogurt out of her lunchbox and headed towards the door with Lara.
“Just you watch me dob.” Gretchen stamped her foot, then ran to the top of the classroom. “Miss Button … Miss Button. Molly Gumnut smeared rotten eggs in my hair.”
“Aberjabla,” mumbled Molly, running out the door with Lara.
But it was too late. Miss Button called out, “Molly Gumnut! Come back here!”
With a big sigh, Molly shuffled towards the teacher.
Miss Button frowned and drummed her long fingernails on her desk. “Molly, did you wipe something in Gretchen’s hair?”
Molly opened her mouth to speak, but changed her mind.
“Pardon?” Miss Button put her hand to her ear. “I didn’t hear you.”
“Look what she did,” wailed Gretchen, pulling a slimy yellow blob from her curls. “Yuck.” She shook her hand and the piece of smelly egg shot across the table and landed on Miss Button’s chin. Plop!
“Eww.” Miss Button flinched, then she wiped it off and sniffed her fingers. “Oh, that smells absolutely dreadful.” She glared at Molly. “What on earth is it?”
“It was my play lunch,” said Molly, trying not to laugh at Miss Button. She still had a piece of yoke stuck to her cheek. “It … it was just an accident. I tripped and my hand fell against Gretchen’s head.”
“She’s lying.” Gretchen snatched a tissue from the teacher’s desk and wiped her hands. “She did it on purpose.”
Miss Button wrinkled her nose and wiped her face with a handkerchief. “I’m sure your mother didn’t pack rotten eggs for your play lunch, Molly. I’m surprised at you. Now, say you’re sorry to Gretchen.”
Molly shook her head. “No! I’m not sorry. Gretchen called me names and teased me because I didn’t bring an animal picture for the calendar.”
“All right, then,” said Miss Button. “Gretchen, go to the bathroom and wipe your hair, then go out to play.” She turned to Molly. “You can sit at your desk and think about what you did. I know that Gretchen teases sometimes, but throwing food at other children is not allowed in this school.”
As Gretchen marched out of the classroom with her nose in the air, Lara walked up to the teacher with her hand up. “Please, Miss Button. Gretchen called Molly a smelly belly guts.”
Miss Button put her fingers together. “Lara,” she said. “Molly brought rotten eggs to school and I doubt that she meant to eat them. You may go out to play, but Molly has to stay in the classroom.”
Molly felt miserable. How had she messed up so badly? She stomped to her desk and slumped in her seat. She didn’t want her yogurt now. But she couldn’t help picturing the look of horror on Gretchen’s face when she’d sniffed the rotten egg on her hand. The thought of it set Molly off and her shoulders shook as she burst into a fit of hysterical laughter.
Miss Button banged her hands on the table. “Molly! Go to the principal’s office.”
Looking at the teacher, Molly sucked in her cheeks to stop herself from giggling. Crikey. Now she’d gone and done it. But why was she in trouble? It was all Gretchen's fault. It just wasn’t fair.
“Now!” Miss Button pointed at the door.
Molly got up and trudged out of the classroom. Turning left, she headed down the hall to the dreaded Mrs Ramsbottom’s office. As she sat on the bench in the corridor, she hoped the principal wouldn’t come out and notice her, but as usual, the door flew open and a whiff of hairspray drifted out.
Mrs Ramsbottom loomed in the doorway, her green eyes bulging over golden spectacles that sat on the end of her long crooked nose. “What are you doing here, Molly Gumnut?” she barked.



“I … I got sent here by Miss Button,” stuttered Molly, keeping her head down and peeping through the strands of her messy hair.
“Stand up when you speak to me,” snarled the headmistress, her jowls wobbling like a turkey.
 Molly stood up and twisted her fingers together.
Mrs Ramsbottom glared at her. “Well? Why you were sent to my office?”
“Umm … it happened like this.” Molly held her hands out. “My little sister damaged the CD with my pictures of Furble and … umm … I didn’t have any other photo for the school calendar. So then … umm … I forgot that I didn’t want to eat any baby ducks and I had put them in my backpack the day before.”
“Hang on a minute.” Mrs Ramsbottom rubbed her forehead. “You’re not making any sense. What baby ducks?”
Molly rolled her eyes. “The ones I wiped in Gretchen’s hair. I … I didn’t want to do it, but she made me—she called me smelly belly guts and … and I didn’t even think about it. My hands just grabbed the duck eggs out of my backpack and plopped them in that mean girl’s hair.” Molly folded her arms. “Anyway, it served her right and I’m not sorry. But I am sorry about the baby ducks.”
“I don’t understand any of it, Molly.” Mrs Ramsbottom shook her head. “Baby ducks and smelly belly guts? This is all too much before morning tea. Just sit down for a while. I need some fresh air.” Marching down the corridor, the headmistress scratched her head, then she turned around. “And don’t you move, Molly Gumnut. You stay right there!”

Seventeen – Apology Letters

Molly plopped back on the seat outside of Mrs Ramsbottom’s office. Her feet didn't reach the ground, so she swung her legs about. Why couldn’t she have ignored Gretchen for once and just gone out to play? That mean girl always managed to get her into trouble.
The smell of hot meat pies floated from the staff room. Molly’s stomach rumbled. How come the teachers were allowed to eat pies? All they sold in the tuck shop was health food. Mrs Ramsbottom had banned pastries and lollies.
Mr Tenor, the music teacher, walked past with a steaming drink. He winked at Molly and took a bite of his sausage roll. Red sauce dribbled down his chin as he headed outside. Molly’s tummy growled again. She felt like snatching that pastry right out of his hand.
Poo bum. She wished she hadn’t left her yogurt on her desk. Rubbing her belly, she hoped she'd be able to go back to her classroom, soon. Not only was she hungry, but she wanted to see whose picture got picked for the front page of the calendar.
Timothy ran past her and pulled her ponytail. The elastic in her scrunchy snapped and her brown hair fell into a tangled mess on her shoulders. She reached out to hit him, but he ran away. “You’re in trouble,” he yelled.
Molly pushed her messy hair out of her eyes and folded her arms. She didn’t care about getting into trouble, but hated not being allowed to see Furble. He’d be going back to the wild soon.
Why did she have to go and flick a cherry tomato at her father? She hadn’t meant to. It was an accident. She giggled. How funny he’d looked with those seeds all over his face.
Covering her mouth with her hand, Molly snorted, but the stench of rotten duck eggs made her gag. “Eww, yuck!” She peered down the corridor to make sure the headmistress wasn’t coming, then got up and ran along the hallway to the girl’s bathroom. 
After washing her hands and face, Molly dashed back down the corridor, but as she bolted round the corner, she skidded to a stop. She started to tremble as a familiar gold belt buckle gleamed in front of her.
Tilting her head back, Molly stared up at the flared nostrils of the monstrous Mrs Ramsbottom. “Where have you been?” she bellowed. “Didn't I tell you to stay put?”
“I … I had to go to the bathroom,” said Molly, wiping her hands down the front of her uniform.
“Come with me.” The headmistress grabbed Molly's arm, pulled her into her office and pointed to a chair. “Sit!”
Molly sat on the edge of the seat and stared at an old fashioned clock, ticking loudly on the wall. Then she turned to a picture of a tiger above Mrs Ramsbottom’s desk. Its yellow eyes stared back as if it would pounce right out and eat her.
“Look at me,” demanded Mrs Ramsbottom, sitting in her chair. She clasped her fingers together. “Okay, I've spoken to your teacher. Now, from what I’ve heard, you brought rotten eggs to school and squashed them into Gretchen Bloomfield’s hair.”
“It was an accident.” Molly squirmed in her seat. “I hid the eggs in my bag from Grandma because I didn’t want to eat baby ducks. I just forgot about them.”
Mrs Ramsbottom glared at her. “But why did you wipe them in Gretchen’s hair?”
Molly stared at her scuffed shoes. “Because it was her own fault. She called me smelly belly guts.”
“That’s no excuse.” Mrs Ramsbottom wagged a finger at her. “You must write Gretchen an apology letter. Then you can write another page telling me why you shouldn’t throw rotten food at other children.” She leaned forward, peering into Molly’s eyes. “Do you understand?”
Molly nodded, wishing the headmistress wouldn’t breathe on her. She stunk of garlic.
“Good,” said Mrs Ramsbottom. “You may go back to your classroom and start writing. And bring me your finished letters at lunch time.” She reached into her drawer and threw an elastic band at Molly. “Here, tie you’re hair up. You look like a lion.”
“Thank you.” Molly stood and scrunched her hair into a ponytail, then trudged back to her empty classroom. She stomped up to the teacher’s table and grabbed two sheets of paper. On her way back to her desk, she glanced out the window and pouted. The other children were having fun and running around in the sunshine.
Molly plonked down in her seat and noisily slurped her yogurt before recess ended. With a big sigh, she picked up her chewed pencil and started writing.



Dear Mrs Ramsbottom.
I shouldn’t throw rotten duck eggs at other children because baby ducks should have a proper grave in my garden near the dam. Then they could look at other ducks swimming in the water.
Regards, 
Molly Mavis Gumnut. 

Then she wrote a letter to Gretchen.

Dear Gretchen,
I have to write and tell you I’m sorry for rubbing rotten duck eggs in your hair. Well I am sorry because I should have buried those two baby ducks in my garden near the dam. Your hair is not a very good resting place for dead baby ducks.
(I don’t want to put regards to you.)
Molly Mavis Gumnut.

She folded the two sheets of paper and placed one on Gretchen’s desk just as the bell rang to end recess. Gretchen was the first one to skip into the classroom. She grinned at Molly and sat behind her.
Pretending not to notice, Molly hummed and watched her out the corner of her eye.
Gretchen picked the letter up and read it. Then she poked her tongue at Molly, screwed the note into a ball and threw it at her.
“Sit down everyone,” said Miss Button, coming into the classroom. “Okay kids, I’ll show you the pictures in order. The first one will go on the front page. The rest will follow in groups.” She turned her computer on.
A wallaby with her joey's legs sticking out of her pouch flashed onto the screen. “Most of you voted for this one,” said Miss Button. “So it will be the picture for January.”



As the children clapped, Lara whispered to Molly, “I voted for that one. I bet it’s yours.”
Molly shook her head. “No, I didn’t bring one, but I voted for your water dragon first, then I voted for the wallaby and joey.”
Miss Button smiled. “The picture on the screen belongs to Gretchen Bloomfield. Congratulations, Gretchen. That’s a beautiful photo.”
Molly scrunched her face up like a piece of used chewing gum. Resting her head in her hands, she scowled. She couldn’t believe she’d gone and voted for that mean girl’s picture. And if it wasn’t for Gretchen’s stupid speedboat, Molly’s photo of a joey could be on the front page. She slumped in her seat. Oh, how she disliked that spiteful girl.

Eighteen – The Winner

Someone kicked Molly’s chair from behind and when she spun around, Gretchen was grinning at her. “Stop that!” said Molly.
Gretchen mouthed the words, “I won.” Then she licked the tip of her finger and held it up in the air as if giving herself a point.
Molly gave her a squinty-eyed stare. How could Gretchen have won? It should have been Lara.
“Front page,” whispered Gretchen, pointing at herself.
A flush of anger crept up Molly’s neck. She turned to the front again and folded her arms. She no longer cared about the calendar. All she cared about was Furble. She missed him and longed to see his cute little face again. As she gazed out the window at the clouds in the sky, she dreamt of holding Furble’s sweet little body in her arms.
Miss Button tapped the computer with her pen. “Pay attention, children. Now, here’s the second picture.”
When the photo of Lara’s water dragon flashed on the screen, Molly held her fingers up to give Lara a victory high-five.
Lara grinned and slapped Molly’s hand.
Sissy’s sugar glider was next, then a platypus. But when a photo of the backside of a wombat appeared, everyone laughed.
“Who took that picture?” Gretchen sniggered. “I bet it was Molly Gumnut. She’d take a picture of an animal’s bum.”
“It’s not mine.” Molly giggled. “But it’s funny.”
Timothy Molesworth jumped up and down. “It’s mine. It’s mine.”
“Settle down, please,” said Miss Button. “I hope you’ve all written some words to go with your photo because I’m coming around to collect them.” She walked around the classroom, then stopped. “Molly, I’m surprised you didn’t bring a picture for the calendar, especially knowing how much you love animals.”
Molly chewed the side of her mouth. “I had heaps of pictures, but my little sister scratched the disk they were on, so I couldn't use it.”
“Oh, I see.” Miss Button rubbed Molly’s arm. “Why didn’t you tell me?” She sighed. “You can still bring in a photo. I’m sure we can fit it in. She handed Molly a sheet of paper. “If you know what animal you’re going to photograph, you can join the others and write something about it.”
“My grandmother is taking care of the animal I photographed,” said Molly. Then she remembered she wasn’t allowed to go to Grandma’s this afternoon. She frowned. Maybe Daddy would cool off by tomorrow and let her go. It would be nice to give Mum and Dad a calendar for Christmas with a picture of Furble on it. Tapping her nose with her pencil, she wondered what to write. A moment later, she wrote,

My name is Molly Mavis Gumnut. This is a baby bandicoot I saved from a cat. I named him Furble and he wouldn’t have been hurt if people kept their cats inside at night time. My grandmother is looking after him. She taught me to feed him insects and bugs and showed me how to gather leaves for his nest. He lives in a cage. But he has to go back to his own territory when his scabs fall off.

She smiled to herself and nodded her head. “There. I’ve finished mine,” she said to Lara.
“Me too,” said Lara.
“Does anyone want to read their work to the class?” asked Miss Button.
“Me, me, me,” cried Gretchen, waving her hand in the air.
“Good girl, Gretchen. Stand at the front of the class and speak loudly,” said Miss Button.
Gretchen marched to the teacher’s desk. She patted her curls and straightened her tunic. Then she read her paper.

“My name is Gretchen Bloomfield. I took this photo down at the riverbank. It’s a Red-necked Wallaby. The joey is having a drink from its mother’s pouch because it’s hungry and thirsty from bouncing around in the sun.

Molly nudged Lara, then stuck her finger in her mouth and pretended to gag.
“Molly Gumnut, pay attention!” said Miss Button. Then she turned to Gretchen. “Very good, Gretchen.”
The children clapped, but Molly and Lara didn’t. They just looked cross-eyed at each other.
“Anyone else?” asked Miss Button.
Flicking his dark hair out of his eyes, Timothy strode between the desks, then turned to face the class.

“I’m Timothy Molesworth and I took this picture of a wombat at the zoo. But he ran away and hid, so I only got his big, fat bottom.”

Miss Button frowned. “That’s good, Timothy, but write it again without the words ‘big and fat’. You don’t need those words.”
“But I like them,” said Timothy. “Can’t I keep them?”
“No!” said Miss Button. “You can’t.”
When the lunch bell rang, Molly’s stomach rolled. Pity she had to go back to Mrs Ramsbottom’s room? With a big sigh, she walked to the bag-rack with Lara and grabbed her vegemite sandwiches and popper juice. “I have to take this note to the headmistress, so I’ll see you later.”
Lara headed outside with her lunchbox. “Okay, hurry up.”
Holding her note and food, Molly walked down to the principal’s office and tapped on the door.
“Come in!” bellowed Mrs Ramsbottom.

Nineteen - Grounded

Molly took a deep breath and shuffled into Mrs Ramsbottom’s office. The smell of perfume and hairspray filled the air. Molly sneezed and rubbed her nose.
Mrs Ramsbottom's lips were painted bright red. Her frizzy ginger hair was piled high on her head with a black feather sticking out the top. Molly pressed her lips together so she didn't burst into giggles. The headmistress looked like a Brush Turkey.
“What are you grinning at?” demanded Mrs Ramsbottom. “And where’s the letters I told you to write?”
“Here,” said Molly placing her note on the table.
Holding it close to her face, the headmistress stared at it. When she finished reading, she peered over the top of her spectacles and sighed. “You don’t seem to understand that you’re not supposed to cover other children in food, Molly. You seem to think you were in trouble for not burying duck eggs? And where is your letter of apology to Gretchen Bloomfield?”
Molly couldn’t take her eyes off Mrs Ramsbottom’s hair. It sure looked like a birds nest. And those duck eggs would have fit right in the middle. Not wanting to get into more trouble for laughing, Molly bit down on her lip and squeezed her eyes shut.
“What’s the matter with you, girl?” Mrs Ramsbottom banged her hairbrush loudly on the table. “Answer my question!”
Molly’s eyes popped wide open. “I … I already gave Gretchen my sorry letter. And if I’d buried the duck eggs in my garden, I wouldn’t have wiped them on her hair.”
“In that case,” said Mrs Ramsbottom. “What would you have done?”
Molly shrugged. “Nothing because Gretchen wouldn't have called me smelly belly guts if I didn't have my duck eggs in my bag. We would have just gone out to play.”
Mrs Ramsbottom sighed and glanced at the clock on the wall. “I’ve got a meeting to go to and I don’t have time for nonsense. Just make sure you don’t do it again.”
Molly smiled. “Yes, Mrs Ramsbottom.”
“Off you go then.” Mrs Ramsbottom stood up and grabbed her black and yellow jacket off the back of her chair. “I don’t want to see you outside my office again. And if I remember rightly, you were sent to me last year for bringing a rat to school.”
Uh-oh. Molly made a beeline for the door. She didn't want to get into any more strife, but as she turned the handle, she mumbled, “Gobble, gobble, gobble.” Then realising what she'd done, she shut the door and bolted outside.
Happy to be in the warm fresh air, she skipped over to a seat under the gum trees and sat next to Lara and Sissy. Smiling, she bit into a vegemite sandwich and slurped on her popper juice.
“What animal have you got at your Grandma's?” asked Lara, munching on her salad roll.
Molly grinned. “It's a baby bandicoot. I saved him from Mrs Wilson's cat. My sister, Rosie damaged my pictures though, so I have to get more now.”
“Are you going to your Grandmother's after school?” asked Sissy, peeling a banana.
“No.” Molly chuckled. “I'm grounded because I flicked a cherry tomato at my father and it splattered on his face.”
“Oooooah,” said Sissy, bursting in to laughter.
“Oh, dear.” Lara giggled. “You'll probably never be aloud out again. I'd be in big trouble if I did that.”
Molly tossed her empty yogurt container in the bin. “I wish I hadn't done it because now I can't see my bandicoot.”

***

After school, Molly caught the bus home with Lara. They headed to the back seat and sat with Kate and Rosie.
“Mum and dad might have cooled off by now,” said Kate. “You should ask them if you can go to Grandma's and take some photos of Furble. I'll come with you and bring my camera.”
“They won't let her go,” said Rosie. “They’ll still be angry.”
Gretchen peered over the seat in front of them. “Molly, you told a big lie to Miss Button. You said you had a wild animal at your Grandma's.”
“I do,” said Molly. “I’m going to bring in a picture of him.”
“No, you don't,” said Gretchen.
Rosie poked her head around the seat. “Molly does so too have a wild animal. She saved it from a cat.”
“How come she didn't bring a picture in then?” said Gretchen.
 “'Cause,” said Rosie, sitting back in her seat.
“See,” said Gretchen to Timothy. “She has no animal.”
Rosie pouted and looked sideways at Molly.
Molly smiled at her. “Don't worry, Rosie. I'm not mad at you anymore. I'll get plenty more photos of Furble.”
When the driver pulled up at the bottom of the valley, all the children scrambled off the bus. “I hope you can bring a photo of the bandicoot to school soon,” said Lara hurrying down the steps. “I'd love to see it.”
“It depends if I'm allowed to see him again.” Molly kicked a pebble across the street.
“Your parents are cool,” said Lara, heading down her lane. “They'll let you. See you tomorrow, Molly.”
“Bye,” said Molly, a disappointed look on her face. She ran up the street to catch up to her sisters. Maybe Mum would give in after all.
“If Mummy is still mad,” said Rosie. “Me and Kate can go to Grandma's and take pictures of Furble.”
“But I want to see him too.” Molly furrowed her brow. “He probably misses me too.”
“Let's just wait and see what Mum says,” said Kate, opening their garden gate.
Molly ran across the front lawn and into the kitchen. Her mother looked up from her cooking.
“Mum, please can I go to Grandma's to see Furble?” 
“No, Molly.” Her mother shook her head. “You’re still grounded for being rude to Mrs Wilson and throwing food at your father.”
Molly clasped her fingers together. “I promise to be good, Mum. Please?”
Her mother blew out a long sigh. “Aw, all right, but you better improve your manners. You can go this time, but if I catch you doing that again, you’ll be grounded for a whole week.” She turned to Kate, who'd just come through the door. “You go with her. You can ride your bikes, but be back in time for dinner.”
“Can I go too?” asked Rosie.
“No, sweetie,” said Mum. “You're too little to be riding your bike on the roads.”
Molly hugged her mother. “Thanks, Mum. I'll be good from now on.” She waited for Kate to get her camera, then they ran out to the garage and grabbed their bikes. Molly smiled as they pedalled up the road to Grandma’s house. She couldn’t wait to see Furble again.
Before they had a chance to knock on the door, Grandma came out. “Hello, my loves. Come on in.”
“How is Furble, Gran?” Molly ran down the hall to the spare room before her grandmother could answer.
Furble had curled up into a little ball with his back against the wire cage. His eyes were closed and his head was tucked under one of his tiny paws. Molly's heart melted. He looked so sweet. She turned around as Grandma and Kate came into the room. “He still has big scabs on his back.”



“He’s healing fine,” said Grandma. “When the scabs fall off, we can release him.”
Molly’s chin quivered and she wiped a tear away. She couldn’t bear the thought of never seeing him again.
“Can we take some photos of him?” asked Kate. “Molly needs them for school tomorrow.”
“Yes, but don’t disturb him too much,” said Grandma. “Just get a few quick ones.”
Kate snapped some pictures with her camera as Furble slept. Then Grandma opened the cage and lifted him out. Slowly, he opened his sleepy eyes and Kate got another shot.
“He takes a while to wake,” said Molly. “No wonder a cat caught him.”
“Cats can easily catch bandicoots if they find their nests,” said Grandma. “Little animals are in more danger at dawn and dusk. That’s when they come out of their burrows and before they have a chance to hide.”
Molly stroked Furble’s head. “Hello baby.”
“Can Molly hold Furble while I take one more photo?” asked Kate.
“All right,” said Gran. “Sit on the chair and I’ll place him on your lap, but don’t let him escape.” She closed the bedroom door just in case, then handed him to Molly.
“I’ve missed you, Furble.” Molly held him gently and kissed his tiny head.
As Kate took one last shot, Furble’s tongue shot out and licked Molly’s cheek.
“What a great picture,” said Kate.
“Okay, that’s enough.” Grandma put the little bandicoot back in his cage and placed him in his nest of leaves. “Let’s leave him in peace. Come and have some strawberry shortcake, girls.”
“Yum,” said Kate, heading for the kitchen with Grandma.
Molly hung back and stared at Furble. “I wish you lived at my house,” she whispered. “We belong together.” She blinked back tears and closed the door before walking solemnly down the hall.
Molly ate her cake and wiped her mouth with her hand. “Gran, can I stay here tomorrow night?”
“It’s fine with me,” said Grandma. “But you’d better ask your mother first.” 
“We have to hurry home now,” said Kate.
Grandma got up and walked them to the door. “Ride carefully, girls.”
After waving goodbye, they pedalled up the street and headed home. “I got some great pictures,” said Kate, wheeling her bike into the garage. “I’ll load them onto another disk and then you can take it to school tomorrow. But this time, put it somewhere safe, Molly.”
“I will.” Molly leaned her bicycle against the wall and hugged her sister. “Thanks, Kate.”
Kate pulled Molly’s arms away. “I know you’re excited, Molly, but I can’t breathe.” Laughing, they raced each other to the house and barged through the back door and  into the kitchen. Molly smiled at her Mother. “Kate took some really good photos.”
“Really?” said her mother, standing with her hands on her waist. “Well, I’ve had a phone call from Gretchen’s father.”
Molly’s mouth dropped open.
Her mother folded her arms and glared at her. “Apparently, you threw rotten eggs at Gretchen today.”
“But—”
Her mother shook her finger. “Don’t you ‘but’ me, Molly Mavis Gumnut! I had a call from the headmistress too. And she said you made turkey sounds at her.”

Twenty - Baby Ducks

Molly stared at her hands to avoid her mother’s eyes. She hadn’t meant for Mrs Ramsbottom to hear her making turkey sounds. Sometimes words just popped out of her mouth by themselves. It wasn’t her fault.
“Well,” said her mother. “Is it true?”
Molly stretched her eyes and shrugged. She picked at her fingernails. “I was just singing my turkey song, that’s all.”
Her mother’s brow wrinkled as if she didn’t believe a word. “Really? And what about Gretchen?” 
“Well, she called me smelly belly guts because I forgot to take Grandma’s duck eggs out of my backpack.” Molly threw her arms out. “And she wouldn’t leave me alone.”
Kate held her mouth, but couldn’t hide her laughter and Rosie stood in the doorway giggling her head off.
Molly bit her knuckle to stop herself from grinning. She was in enough trouble.
“It’s not funny,” said her mother, banging her hand on the kitchen bench. “So, you just decided to cover Gretchen’s hair in rotten eggs? And, what were Grandma’s duck eggs doing in your bag in the first place?”
“Umm … well.” Molly twisted her fingers together. “Grandma gave me them for breakfast, but I didn’t want to eat baby ducks.”
“No?” Her mother raised an eyebrow. “But you didn’t mind squashing them in Gretchen’s hair.”
“That nasty girl deserved it.” Molly scowled, wondering what all the fuss was about. She had only been sticking up for herself.
Her mother rubbed her hand across her forehead. “I’m sorry, Molly, but you’re definitely grounded for a whole week this time.” She turned and walked back to the lounge room, shaking her head.
“No!” Molly ran after her. It wasn’t fair. She’d already been punished at school. She grabbed her mother’s arm. “Mum, please let me go to Grandma’s tomorrow afternoon. I have to see Furble.”
Her mother plopped down on the couch and picked up the remote control for the TV. “You should have thought about that earlier. You’ve had enough warnings. You were in trouble for being rude to Mrs Wilson and throwing food at your father, and now this.”
“Please, Mum. I’ll be good.” Molly tapped her mother’s arm. “I promise.”
“Listen, honey.” Her mother turned towards her and spoke in a softer voice. “Do you feel bad when Gretchen and Timothy tease you and call you names?”
Molly pouted. “Yes, but—”
“Well,” said her mother. “How do you think Mrs Ramsbottom felt when you made turkey sounds at her?”
“I don’t know.” Molly shrugged. I didn’t mean to do it.” An image of a huge turkey egg nestled in Mrs Ramsbottom’s hair just popped into her head and she burst into another fit of giggles.
“Molly!” yelled her mother. “It’s not funny!”
“I’m sorry,” said Molly, holding her tummy. “I can’t help it.” 
Her mother stood up. “Yes, you can. And you’d better apologise to Mrs Ramsbottom first thing in the morning. She pointed to the door. Now, go and help Kate set the table for dinner.”
“Can I go see Furble, Mum? I promise to apologise.” Molly stared at her mother with pleading eyes.
“No!” Her mother headed toward the kitchen. “You’re grounded for a week.”
Molly dragged her feet back to the kitchen and got out the knives and forks from the drawer. She placed them on the dining table in the lounge room. Why couldn’t she just control herself? She didn’t mean to lose her temper or laugh at people. It just happened. Now she’d miss out on precious time with Furble.
Kate came into the lounge room and handed Molly a disk. “Here, I’ve copied the photos of Furble for you.”
“Thanks.” Molly gave Kate a sad little smile. “I won’t get to see Furble anymore. I’m grounded for a whole week and Grandma will probably release him soon.” Tears clouded her eyes. Dinner would be ready anytime soon but she didn’t feel hungry now. She put the disk carefully in the side pouch of her backpack before wandering outside to sit on the grass by the dam.



Three fluffy ducklings swam behind their parents in the water. One ventured off by itself. “Watch out!” said Molly. “You’ll be grounded for a week.”
“Come inside, Molly,” called her mother from the window.
“Quack!” The mother duck called the stray duckling back but the naughty duckling ignored her and swam away.



The mother duck flew over to the bank and flapped her wings. “Quack, quack, quack!”
“Molly!” her mother called again.
As Molly scrambled to her feet, the baby duck followed its mother back to the other ducklings.
“That duckling will be grounded for sure,” mumbled Molly on her way indoors.

***

The next morning, Molly phoned her grandmother. “Please tell Mum to let me come and see Furble, Gran.”
“I'll do what I can,” said Grandma. “But I can't go against your mother's wishes. You'll just have to learn to behave yourself and stay out of trouble. Hopefully you'll be able to see Furble before the weekend because he should be well enough to be released by then.”
Molly's tummy flipped over. “You have to let me keep him, Gran. He belongs with me.”
“Molly, you're being silly.  Now, you better get off to school or you'll be late. Bye for now.”
Before Molly could answer, Grandma hung up. Adults were stupid sometimes. Even Gran wouldn’t help her. Molly plonked down in her seat to eat her breakfast, but she wasn't hungry. After swirling her cereal around her bowl, she emptied it in the bin. She couldn’t bear to think of never seeing Furble again, though she felt happy for him too. Soon he’d be going back to his mother and she guessed he’d be excited about that. Then she thought of Tiddles and she felt suddenly scared. It seemed Grandma was going to take Furble back to Mrs Wilson’s garden no matter what Molly said, even if Tiddles was still allowed outside. Daddy said he’d talk to that silly woman, but she'd never listen.
Molly grabbed her packed lunch, stuffed it in her bag and hurried to catch the bus with her sisters. Lara wasn't there and Molly didn't feel like talking to anyone, so she sat on a seat and stared out the window. As soon as the bus pulled up at the school gate, molly hopped off and hurried to her classroom. At least she could hand her pictures in of Furble. She hung her bag on a hook at the back of the classroom and took out her disk.
Gretchen peered over her shoulder. “What’s that you’ve got?”
“It's my pictures of a bandicoot.” Molly grinned “I told you I saved one from a cat.”
“Oh, it is not,” said Gretchen. “You’re lying again.”
“Whatever,” said Molly, marching up to the teacher's desk.
“Good morning, Molly.” Miss Button smiled. “I read your animal notes. Did you really save an injured bandicoot?”
Molly handed her the disk. “I sure did. He’s the cutest little critter in the whole world.”
Gretchen came up behind her. Cupping her hand, she whispered in Molly’s ear. “Now everyone will know you’re a liar.”
Ignoring her, Molly watched the teacher.
Miss Button popped the disk into the computer and clicked on the pictures. A picture of Furble eating mealworms appeared on the screen. The next one showed the scabs on his back. When the photo of Furble licking Molly’s face appeared, all the children ran to the front of the classroom. They cooed and stared in awe at the tiny bandicoot.



Molly glanced at Gretchen and smiled. “See, clever clogs.”
“I don't care,” said Gretchen, folding her arms. “My picture is on the front page.”
Miss Button clasped her fingers together and smiled. “How wonderful, Molly. What a good girl you are, saving an injured bandicoot.”
“That’s the coolest picture ever,” said Lara.
“How neat,” said Joey Carter. “What's he eating? They look like worms.”
“They’re baby mealworms,” said Molly with a big grin on her face. “He eats bugs and fruit too.”
“I bet they eat cockroaches too,” said Timothy.
“Gross.” Gretchen screwed her face up.  “Who wants to look after an animal that eats insects and bugs?”
“Well, it's good that someone does,” said Miss Button, clicking to the next picture of Furble.
When the children began squabbling among themselves, the teacher clapped her hands. “Quiet, please, and pay attention.”
The door suddenly flew open and Mrs Ramsbottom marched in. “Good morning, children.”
The children scrambled back to their seats. “Good morning, Mrs Ramsbottom,” they said in unison.
Uh-oh. Molly gulped. Had Mrs Ramsbottom come to tell her off for making turkey noises yesterday? Molly sunk lower in her seat, hoping the headmistress wouldn't notice her, but when she reached to Molly's desk, she stopped.

Twenty-one - Molly’s Plan

Though the headmistress was standing next to her, Molly didn't dare look up. She watched out the corner of her eye as Mrs Ramsbottom leaned on her chair. Was she waiting for Molly to apologise for gobbling at her? Mum said she should, but she couldn't do it now—not here with Gretchen watching. As Molly waited to be yelled at in front of the whole class, she squirmed in her seat.
But instead of speaking to Molly, the headmistress walked over to the computer and peered at the screen. “Who took this photo?” She pointed at a picture of Furble eating fruit.



Miss Button smiled and clicked on all of Furble’s pictures. “Molly Gumnut brought them in for the Christmas calendar. She rescued the little bandicoot from a cat. Aren’t they great shots?”
Mrs Ramsbottom pressed her hands to her cheeks. “Oh, my. They're great photos, aren’t they? Fancy Molly Gumnut saving a bandicoot. Wonders will never cease. I think I need a strong cup of tea.” She looked at Molly. “Did you really take these pictures?”
“Well,” said Molly. “My big sister took the pictures for me, but I saved the bandicoot.” She gazed proudly around the classroom. Except for Gretchen, the other children smiled and looked at the computer.
Molly sat up straight. Today was turning out better than she thought. She'd have to make sure she apologized to the headmistress at playtime.
The bell rang for the morning break and as Mrs Ramsbottom left the classroom, she pointed at Molly. “Come with me.”
Oh poo! Molly frowned. It looked like she was in trouble after all. She grabbed her playlunch and followed the headmistress.
As Gretchen marched out to the playground, she silently mouthed the words, “You're in trouble.”
Molly poked her tongue out at her, just at Mrs Ramsbottom turned around. “Do you never quit, Molly Gumnut?” she said, opening her office door and ushering Molly in.
Before the headmistress could chastise her, Molly chirped up, “I’m sorry that I gobbled at you yesterday, Mrs Ramsbottom. I didn't mean to.”
The headmistress peered over the top of her spectacles. “Yes, well—don’t do it again. And beings you saved that little bandicoot, I'll let you off this time.” She pointed a finger at Molly. “Remember, I'll be watching you. And I don't want to see you in my office anymore this year. Okay?”
“Yes, Mrs Ramsbottom.” Molly smiled. She'd gotten off lightly this time.
“Off you go then.” The headmistress flapped her hand at Molly as if waving away a fly.
Molly skipped happily out to the playground and joined Lara and Sissy. As they sat against the wall, Molly peeled her banana.
“Why did you have to go to Mrs Ramsbottom’s office this time?” asked Lara.
“I accidently made turkey sounds at her yesterday when I was leaving her room,” said Molly, her shoulders shaking up and down as she giggled.
Lara burst into laughter until someone knocked loudly on the classroom window next to where they were sitting.
Molly glanced around to see the headmistress wagging her finger at them. Oooaah. She must have guessed they were laughing at her. Molly bent her head down and munched on her banana. But she couldn’t stop thinking about Furble. He’d be going home to his mother soon and all she had was photos. She scowled and stared at her shoes.



“What’s wrong?” asked Lara. “Aren’t you happy your photos are going in the calendar?”
“I guess so,” said Molly, “but Furble has to go back to Mrs Wilson’s garden soon, and Tiddles could hurt him again.”
“Can’t your dad ask Mrs Wilson to keep her cat indoors?” said Lara.
“She’s stubborn.” Molly got up and tossed her banana skin in the bin. “She won’t listen.”
“What will you do then?” asked Sissy.
Molly suddenly had a brilliant idea. She jumped up, did a little twirl, then held her finger in the air. “I have a plan.”
Lara leaned closer. “Uh–oh, what is it?”
“I can’t tell you yet,” whispered Molly. “Wait until tomorrow.”
“Aww, but we want to know now,” said Sissy.
Molly flashed one of her devilish smiles. She wouldn’t tell them yet, but maybe tomorrow. By then, it would be too late for them to talk her out of it.

***

As soon as school had finished for the day, Molly took off and ran all the way to her grandmother’s house. When Grandma opened her door, she frowned and looked confused. “I thought you were grounded, Molly.”
“I am,” said Molly, pushing past her. “But I have to see Furble. I miss him.” She headed down the hall.
“Come back here, you naughty girl,” said Grandma, following right behind her. “You’d better get home or you’ll be in even more trouble with your mum.”
Molly ran into the spare bedroom and looked inside the cage. “Hello, Furble.” He had curled up into a little ball and was fast asleep in the corner.
“We’ll be releasing him soon,” said Grandma. “He’s getting too comfortable around here, and that’s not good for him. We don’t want him losing the survival skills he learned from his mother.”
“Please talk to Mrs Wilson first, Grandma,” pleaded Molly. “I don’t want him to die.”
Someone knocked on the front door and Grandma walked back down the hall. “Don’t worry, we’ll talk to her. Now, go home or I’ll phone your mum.”
“Okay, I just have to go to the loo first.” Molly stood behind the bathroom door and waited until Grandma was out of sight. She grabbed a hand towel and then ran back and opened the cage.
With shaking hands, Molly scooped Furble up in the towel and wrapped him in a pillowslip. Very carefully, she lowered him into her backpack on top of the towel. After looking over her shoulder, she grabbed some of his food and put it in her lunchbox. Then she pulled a banana out of her bag and stuffed it underneath the nest of leaves in the cage. Hopefully it would look like a sleeping bandicoot until Grandma came to feed him tonight.
After shoving her lunchbox in the front section of her backpack, she hitched it on her shoulder. Her legs trembling, she tiptoed down the hall and past the open door.
Grandma was stood talking to a woman on the front porch. Great, thought Molly. She won’t see me.
Chewing her lower lip, she hurried to the kitchen and grabbed the carton of mealworms from the fridge. Furble would need all his food if he was to survive. As she stuffed them in the front pouch of her bag, Grandma called out, “Molly, what're you doing?”
Molly froze for a moment, her eyes wide. “I … I’m just getting a drink of milk.” She wiped her sweaty hands down her uniform and hoped Grandma wouldn't see the guilt in her face. She took a deep breath, walked outside to the veranda and pushed past her grandmother and the lady. “Bye, Gran.”
Grandma waved. “Go straight home, Molly. Don’t have your mum worried.”
“Okay.” Molly ran up the driveway without looking back.

Twenty-two - Raging Storm

Realising she was probably bouncing poor little Furble around, Molly slowed to a walk. It had been easier to take Furble than she thought, but she hoped she hadn't scared him too much. She felt bad for Grandma, but she had to take him. After all, she couldn't let him go back to be eaten by Tiddles. She glanced at her watch. Time was running out and she had to get away before Mum came looking for her. As a bus pulled into Tumblewood Village, Molly decided to catch it.
After showing her bus pass to the driver, she headed to the back seat, away from a group of boys at the front. Once she was seated, she put her hand in her bag and stroked Furble to comfort him. He poked his nose up at her and sniffed her fingers. “I bet you're hungry,” she whispered. “But don't worry. We'll be at your new home soon.” 
When the bus pulled up in the valley, Molly stepped off, careful not to drop her backpack. While she waited for two boys to disappear up the road, she looked over a fence at a cow in the field.



As soon as the boys were out of sight, Molly wiped the sweat from her brow and put her school hat on to shelter her face from the hot, summer sun. There wasn’t even an afternoon breeze to cool her off. She hitched her backpack onto her shoulders and looked up and down the lane to make sure she wasn't followed. Seeing no one around, she marched across the dirt road and through a broken farm gate into a meadow. Watching the ground for snakes, she tramped through the long grass and headed across the cow fields towards the forest.
Tall gumtrees loomed above her as she walked through the woods along a well-worn animal track. Big black crows screeched from the treetops and rabbits hoped through the scrub. After walking for half an hour, her legs began to ache. She stopped to take a drink from her water bottle and check on Furble. He looked so peaceful inside her bag. He'd curled up on his bunny rug and gone to sleep.
After zipping her backpack, she took off again and didn't stop until she spotted the derelict old cottage at the top of the hill. Daddy had told her it was a hundred years old, but she wasn’t allowed to play there. She wondered who’d lived in it all those years ago and hoped there weren’t any ghosts.



A breeze suddenly whipped up, blowing grass seeds and pollen in her face. She sneezed and glanced over her shoulder to make sure no one had followed her. 
Her sisters would be home by now and Mum would wonder where she was. Well, she wouldn't think about it. She headed through the cast-iron gate in front of the rickety old house and stared up at the rusty roof.
The sun had suddenly disappeared and dark clouds hovered above. When Furble squeaked, Molly wondered if he could smell the grass and wanted to be free. Or maybe he was just hungry. She opened her bag and soothed him. “It won’t be long now, Furble.”
Walking towards a broken window, her pulse raced. She pressed her face against the glass and peered into the cottage. It sure looked dirty in there, but it would have to do. The smell of fresh cow poo stung her throat, making her cough. When she pushed the front door, it creaked open, then fell off the hinge with a bang. Molly jumped back, her heart thumping hard in her chest. What if someone was in there? She took a deep breath and tiptoed inside.





In the front room, a dirty yellow cot lay on its side against the wall. Molly walked around it and wondered what the children were like that had slept in it. They were probably dead now, but she hoped they weren't ghosts. Her knees began to wobble and shivered. It sure was a weird house and it smelled mouldy.
With each step she took, the floorboards creaked and dried leaves crunched under her shoes. Furble would love them, she thought as she moved around a rolled-up carpet, leaning against the wall. As she bumped against it, dust flew all about, making her sneeze.
She suddenly felt cold and put her school cardigan on and fastened it. Still carrying her backpack, she wandered through a wooden door into a small bedroom and glanced around.
Long cracks spread across the stained walls and spiders hung from the mouldy ceiling. Molly's skin crawled. 
In the corner of the room was an old wooden bed, but it had no mattress. The dirty window looked out over a little garden that backed onto the forest. Molly felt suddenly scared. She'd never been alone at night before.



Turning back through the door, she headed into the little kitchen. Her nose twitched at an awful smell. She grabbed a cardboard box from the dirty pantry and carried it back to the front room. She couldn’t let Furble go back to Mrs Wilson's garden. He’d be much safer here. He could make a home amongst the bushes and leaves and eat all the insects and bugs. Molly could visit him every day and bring him a special treat. Surely her parents and Grandma would understand.
After placing her backpack on the lounge room floor, Molly spread the mealworms and insect cereal in the bottom of the box. She could feed Furble just like Grandma had taught her. She carefully lifted Furble out of her bag and placed him in the cardboard carton. “There you go, baby, eat your dinner.”
Smiling, she watched him dart about. His scabs had fallen off and his back had completely healed. He shook his head and chomped on his food as his big brown eyes bulged with pleasure.



Molly tried to remember what Grandma had told her. She was pretty sure she'd said dusk was the best time to release native animals? They'd just get attacked by predators in daylight. She stroked Furble’s head. “I’ll miss you, but I’m not allowed to keep you. I’ll visit you every day and I promise to be your friend forever and ever. I’m sorry you can’t go back to your mother, Furble, but it’s the only way you’ll survive. You’ll have to grow big and look after yourself.”


A loud clap of thunder suddenly boomed above the cottage. Molly jumped with fright and peered out the broken front door. Big black clouds hovered in the sky and it began to rain. “Oh, no! I can’t set you free in this, Furble.” She bit her lower lip. “You’d get lost and catch a cold.”
The rain began to hit so hard, it sounded like rocks smashing on the iron roof. Furble bolted around inside the cardboard box as if in a panic. Molly scooped him up and wrapped him in his bunny rug. She held him close to her thumping heart. “Crikey, now what will we do?”
Hailstones as big as golf balls flew through the broken window and landed at her feet. Molly screamed and backed into the corner. She’d never seen anything like that before. Shivering, she hugged Furble tight. “Don’t worry, baby. I’ll take care of you,” she soothed.
When lightning lit up the sky, Molly began to count, but she only got to five before the roar of thunder struck again. The old house creaked and shuddered, making her jump with fright. Furble trembled in her arms, then tried to wriggle away, but she gripped him tighter. As rain and hail pelted through every crack and opening in the rickety old building, Molly’s fear grew. Dusk was coming and she couldn’t let Furble go, not in a storm as bad as this. Some of those hailstones were as big as his head and would kill him for sure—and she'd never find her way home in the dark. Her stomach churned. What was she to do?  Her chin quivered and tears clouded her eyes. Why hadn't she just listened to the adults? Now, she’d be grounded for a month—no, probably a whole year.
She peeked through the broken window, but could hardly see through the battering rain. It was much too wet to go trampling through long grass, she’d only get lost in the woods. Plus foxes and snakes hunted for animals at twilight. Her whole body shook and her teeth began to chattered. She couldn’t release Furble and it wouldn’t be light enough to see until morning. They were trapped in a creepy old shack for the night, and there was nothing she could do about it. Oh boy, was she gonna cop it.
The rain had been hammering down so hard, it had flooded the floor. Molly leaned against the wall, but her feet slipped on a puddle and she landed on her bum with a splash. Her wet clothes felt cold against her skin and her feet were soaked. Tears fell down her cheeks as she struggled to put Furble back in her backpack to keep him warm.
There was no way to shut out the weather and she began to worry how she was going to protect Furble if a wild animal came in through one of the broken openings. She wiped her face with her hand, then held her fist in the air. “Aberjabla!” she shouted as loud as she could, but the roar of thunder drowned out her voice.

Twenty-three - Who’s at the door?

The wind kept howling through the broken front door and whipping around Molly's legs. Gripping her backpack close to her chest, she trembled. She had to keep Furble safe and warm. Goose bumps covered her arms and water dripped from her hair. The hail had stopped, but the rain still gushed down on the roof and dripped through holes in the ceiling. Oh, why did the storm have to go and spoil her plan?
Knowing it was only minutes before dark, Molly feared a dingo might smell the bandicoot and try to get in. She’d seen one once, hiding in the woods near the big dam. “Ooooh, I don’t like it here, Furble. I wish Daddy would come and take us home. We should have waited for him to speak to Mrs Wilson.”
With a big sigh, she pushed past the yellow cot and made her way to the dirty bedroom. She didn’t want to go in there, but at least it was drier and the window wasn’t broken. After stepping over a pile of leaves, she dumped her bag on the cold wooden bed frame.
An eerie high-pitched screech suddenly ripped through the air, scaring the life out of her. Her heart began bashing against her ribs as she wondered if it was a fox, or worse, a ghost. She’d heard rumours  that the old house  was haunted, but she never believed them, not until now. She hated being alone in the smelly old house. Her stomach churned and she ran over to the window and made sure it was closed. She pushed the bedroom door, but it wouldn’t shut properly. It was probably damp and swollen as it seemed too big for the frame. She slumped on the cold hard bed and pulled her school cardigan tighter around her body.
Her ribs heaving with sobs, she peeked into her backpack to make sure Furble was okay. He poked his head out the pillowslip and sniffed the air. Trying to calm herself, Molly picked him up and wrapped him in his bunny rug.



She stroked him from the tip of his nose to the top of his tiny head. Then holding him close to her chest, she sang her made-up song,

“Furble’s not a Gerbil.
He’s just a bandicoot.
I gave him lots of bugs to eat,
But his favourite food is roots.”

When a fallen branch cracked outside the window, her eyes darted nervously about. She swallowed, then sang louder and stronger to scare off any ghosts or monsters.

“I saved him from a big old cat,
Who thought he was a little rat.
But now his wounds have healed,
He yearns to go back into a grassy field.”

The little bandicoot licked her fingers. He didn’t seem scared now, but Molly couldn’t stop shaking. “We’ll just have to stay here all night and wait until morning.”
Her stomach growled. She hadn’t eaten anything since lunch and it was surely past dinnertime. As she pictured a huge plate of spaghetti with meatballs all covered in cheese, she licked her lips and wondered what her family was having for dinner. Then she realized how worried they must be.
As twilight turned to darkness, she could barely see. She tucked Furble back in her backpack and zipped it. Then she wrapped her arm around her bag and curled up on the hard old bed. She couldn’t remember ever being this cold, or miserable.
When a small animal scampered across the leaves on the wooden floor beneath her, the hairs on the back of her neck prickled. Every sound in the house echoed and she moved to the middle of the bed in case something was under it. Unable to stop shivering, she wished she’d thought to bring a blanket or a warmer coat. Then her ears pricked up. What was that? She felt sure she'd heard a panting sound, coming from outside the bedroom window. Could it be a dingo or a fox, or maybe a huge dog?
After curling up on the wooden slats, she tried to keep as still as she could, but she couldn't stop trembling. She chewed the inside of her cheek until she tasted blood. With tears in her eyes, she fell into a fitful sleep and dreamed about cars and sirens.
A loud whirring sound woke her up and she bolted upright. Rubbing her eyes with her fists, she wondered where was, but when a bright light flashed across the window, she remembered she was in the old rundown cottage.
The sound of a helicopter hovered somewhere above the house. Dogs were barking and voices called her name. She jumped off the bed. “Yay! Someone’s found us, Furble.”
She grabbed her backpack and scrambled out of the bedroom. As she ran out of the front door, the glow from distant torches lit up the porch. She had to let them know where she was before they went away. Her eyes wide, she stepped outside. Then she froze on the spot.
A red fox was standing next to the front step, its golden eyes fixed on her.
Molly stepped backwards into the doorway, squeezing her bag close to her tummy. She’d never been this close to a fox before, but she knew they ate little critters. “Shoo. Go away,” she yelled. “You’re not having my Furble.”
When the fox growled, Molly opened her mouth and screamed her head off.
Suddenly, a German Sheppard appeared out of nowhere and the fox ran off into the long grass.
Molly’s knees wobbled. Great, now a dog was here to eat Furble. It sniffed her feet, then turned and disappeared again. Cupping her hands to her mouth, Molly shouted as loud as she could. “Hey, people, I’m over here!”
A few moments later, Molly’s eyes went wide as the dog returned with a police officer. Water was dripping from the policeman’s raincoat as he squatted down in front of her. “You must be Molly Gumnut. Don’t worry, love. We’re here now.”
Molly blew out a huge sigh of relief. “I’m so glad you found me because a fox wanted to eat my bandicoot.”
The policeman blew his whistle and waved his arms about. “She’s over here!” he shouted. Then kneeling in front of her , he wrapped a blanket around her shoulders. “Are you okay, love?”



Molly nodded and hugged him around his neck. His whiskers prickled her cheeks, but she didn’t mind.
The policeman looked up at the hovering helicopter and spoke into a walkie-talkie.
Flashlights shone from every direction and people with umbrellas came running towards her. A police woman marched over and took her hand. “Are you all right, sweetie?”
Molly pushed her wet hair from her face and bit her lower lip. “I think I’m in a bit of trouble.”
An elderly woman hugged her. “You poor little thing.”
Molly didn’t like all the fuss. Why couldn’t she just go home to some supper and her warm bed? Her head hurt from the bright lights and noise. She blinked and covered her eyes with her arm.
A man pushed a flask of water into Molly’s hand. She gulped it down, then burped. “Thanks, Mister.”
The helicopter circled above the cottage, then whirled away into the night sky.
At last, the rain stopped and her ears pricked up at the sound of her father’s voice in the distance. “Molly! Molly,” he cried, his voice getting closer and closer. Then she saw him. He was running through the trees towards her.
“Daddy, Daddy,” she shouted, trying to run towards him, but the policeman held her back. Was he going to arrest her?
“Oh, Molly,” her father cried, hurrying towards her. He scooped her up in his arms and hugged her tight. “Scallywag.”
“I’m glad you found me, Daddy. A fox was going to eat Furble, and probably me too.”
“Thank goodness you’re okay, love.” Her father kissed her all over her face, then he thanked the officer for finding her. He thanked the policewoman and the other rescuers and volunteers who had helped as well. Oh, how she hated all this attention. She just wanted to go home with Daddy before she got arrested for being a nuisance.
Holding her tight, her father carried her across a field to a paddy wagon and plonked her inside with her backpack.
Molly eyes went wide. “Am I going to jail?”
Smiling, her father sat next to her. “No, honey, but you have to tell this nice policewoman where you’ve been.”
The policewoman climbed into the paddy wagon and handed Molly a cup of hot chocolate, then she sat opposite her.
Molly grabbed mug with both hands and smiled. “Thank you.” She took a sip. When she realized it was only warm, she gulped the rest down and licked her lip. 
Holding a pen and notepad, the policewoman smiled, then began asking her questions. “Why did you go to that old house instead of going home, Molly?”

Twenty-four - Hiding Furble

Molly pulled her blanket around her shoulders. “I saved a baby bandicoot that was being attacked by Mrs Wilson’s cat. I didn’t want the cat to kill him, so I went to look for a safer place for him to live.”



She glanced sideways at her father, hoping he didn’t know she’d taken Furble from Grandma’s. Maybe she could still release him somewhere at dawn. She hugged her bag tighter.
The policewoman smiled and scribbled down some notes. “You should always tell your parents where you’re going, Molly. They’ve been very worried about you. There are dangers out here, you could have been hurt.”
“Well, it’s all Mrs Wilson’s fault,” said Molly. “You should arrest her for letting her cat out at night.”
“Molly!” said her father, giving her a be-quiet look. “Stop that. We’ll have a long talk when we get home. Now fasten your seatbelt.”
“I won’t stop it!” Molly pressed her lips together and stared defiantly back at him. “I want to talk now!” She turned to the policewoman. “Cat owners shouldn’t let their cats out at dusk and dawn because that’s when little critters come out of their nests. I like cats, but they should be watched when they’re outside.”
“Okay, that’s enough, Molly!” Her father rubbed her wet hair with the towel.
The police woman grinned. “Right, then, let’s get you home, Molly Gumnut. It’s almost midnight and way past your bedtime.” She tapped on the window to the driver and he started the engine. The paddy wagon couldn’t get through the woods, so it rattled up a dirt road and onto the highway, then turned into the valley where Molly lived.
Happy to be home, Molly stepped out of the police car and smiled. The lights in her cottage looked warm and inviting.
Her mother and sisters jumped out of their car and ran to greet her. As they all kissed and hugged her at once, Molly cringed. “Yuck.” As they went indoors, she wiped the mush from her face.



Her mother cuddled Molly close and wrapped her in a thick fluffy towel. “Thank goodness you’re home safely. Come and sit in the kitchen where it’s warm and tell us where you’ve been.”
“I’ll heat up some soup,” said her father.
Molly placed her backpack by her feet and sat at the kitchen table. She looked at the side of her mother’s head, avoiding her eyes. “Um, I … I went for a walk and … and there was a bad storm. So um … I went in that old cottage to get away from the hailstones.” Her eyes went wide. “They were as big as apples.”
“They were not,” said Rosie. “They were only as big as eggs.”
“No,” said Kate. “More like Ping-Pong balls.”
“Apples!” repeated Molly.
Her mother frowned. “But what were you doing in the woods? We were worried and I phoned Grandma. She said you’d visited her and was on your way home. When you didn’t arrive, we called the police.”
“Everyone in the neighbourhood’s been searching for you, Molly.” Her father poured soup into bowls for everyone. “You know you shouldn’t go off without telling us.”
“I'm sorry,” said Molly, dropping her eyes. She was glad they didn’t know she had Furble in her bag. She hoped she could hide him before he made a noise? Then she could set him free in her garden, but she’d have to wait till dawn now.
Holding Molly’s hand, her mother spoke softly to her. “Sweetie, you know you’re not allowed in that derelict building. Something awful could have happened to you.” She sighed. “I better phone your grandmother and let her know you’re all right. She stayed home in case you turned up there.”
Molly’s head jerked up and her tummy flipped. She hoped Grandma hadn’t noticed Furble was gone yet.
The sound of a car door slammed, making Molly jump.
“Grandma’s here,” said Rosie, peering out the window.
Molly gulped. Her heart racing, she grabbed her backpack, bolted upstairs to her bedroom and hid her bag in the walk-in wardrobe. “You’ll be safe in here for a while, Furble.” Chewing her lower lip, she hurried back downstairs.
Grandma ran over and squeezed Molly tight. “Oh, thank goodness you’re okay, my love. I heard on the local radio that you’d been found safely. You had us all worried sick.”
Molly smiled. “I have to go to the bathroom, Gran.”
“Oh, no, you don’t!” Grandma grabbed her wrist and peered over the top of her spectacles at her. “First, you’d better tell me what you’ve done with Furble.”
“Oh–oh,” said Rosie. “What have you done, Molly?”
Molly didn’t answer. She yanked her arm away and took off back to her bedroom. After slamming the door, she leaned a chair under the doorknob. “Aberjabla,” she mumbled and waited for the next storm—A Granny storm.
Grandma Lilly’s clobby shoes and walking stick echoed on the stairs. “Molly Mavis Gumnut,” she yelled. “Where is the bandicoot?”
Molly trembled. No way was she handing Furble back. Grandma would only take him back to Mrs Wilson’s garden. I know, she thought, I’ll just tell everyone Furble escaped near the old cottage.
Grandma rattled the handle. “Come on, Molly. Open the door!”
Her hands shaking, Molly moved the chair and opened the door. When she peeked out, Grandma’s violet blue eyes stared back at her and the whole family came stampeding up the stairs.
Molly forced a smile and held her hands out. “What?”
“Where’s Furble?” Grandma banged her walking stick on the floor. “I’ve been looking for him all night.”
Molly flinched. She’d never seen Grandma so angry.
“Furble?” said her mother, looking at Molly, then at Grandma. “What do you mean?”
Molly squeezed her lips together. She couldn’t let them take him—she just couldn’t.
Grandma pointed at Molly. “This young rascal came over to my house after school and kidnapped Furble. She even had the nerve to stuff a banana in his place to trick me.”
“Is that true?” asked her father, his eyes as wide as saucers.
“Oh, Molly,” said her mother. “What have you done with him?”
Molly pulled her squishy shoes and socks off. She was going to cop it for sure. “I didn’t want Tiddles to eat him, so I let him go in the field next to the old cottage.”
Her mother’s jaw dropped and her father ran his fingers through his hair, making it stick straight up on top like he’d had a bad fright.
Grandma joined her hands together and shook them. “Please, tell me it isn’t true, Molly. I could lose my wildlife carer’s licence for this.”
Molly hadn’t thought of that. She tapped her lips with her finger. She didn’t want Grandma banned from looking after injured animals. She pushed her damp hair from her forehead and sighed. “Okay, I lied. He’s in my cupboard.”
Everyone shoved past her and ran to the wardrobe.
“Hey,” said Molly, getting squashed against the door frame. “Poopy slop and slimy glop. Why does everything always go wrong?”
Grandma returned carrying Furble in her arms. “Oh, thank goodness, he’s all right.”
Molly grinned. “That’s 'cause I took good care of him, just like you taught me, Gran.”
Grandma frowned at her. “Don’t you ever do anything like that again! You could have been hurt and so could Furble.”
Molly wrapped the towel around herself and pulled off her wet clothes. “I was going to wait until dusk, then let him go in the garden near the old cottage. He would have been safer there than at Mrs Wilson’s, but I couldn’t because of the stupid storm.”
“Oh, Molly,” said her mother. “We told you we would talk to Mrs Wilson, and we did.”
Her father shook his head. “I hope you’ll go over to Mrs Wilson’s in the morning and apologise to her for being rude. She’s been out in the rain for hours searching for you.”
“I won’t!” said Molly, scrunching her face up like a raisin. “She won’t keep her cat indoors.”
Her mother sighed. “It’s late. We’ll talk about it in the morning.”
“Don’t worry, Molly,” said Grandma. “Furble will be okay and he’ll find his mother. I’ll take him home tonight and bring him back tomorrow. We’ll put him outside in an enclosure to see how he fends for himself before we release him.”
“Go have your bath, Molly.” Her mother gave her a hug. “I’ll make you a hot drink.”
Molly went to the bathroom and closed the door. She didn’t want a bath. She jumped in the shower and let the water wash her tears away. Poor Furble. He was much too small to stand up to a big fat cat, but no one would listen.

Twenty-five - The Brochure

The next morning, Molly woke up cranky. Her nose was blocked and she could barely breathe. She didn’t feel like going to school one little bit. Her nostrils itched and she began to sneeze, “Ah … ah … achooo!”
“Oh, dear,” said her mother, coming into the bedroom. “It sounds like you’ve caught a cold. Maybe you got a chill last night in that draughty old cottage.”
“Well, I didn’t have a blanket.” Molly wiped her nose with a tissue. “The windows were broken and the door wouldn’t shut.”
“You must never run off like that again.” Her mother placed her hand on Molly’s forehead. “Hmmm, seems you have a temperature. You better stay home today, sweetie.”
Good, thought Molly, snuggling back under her covers. She’d get to spend time with Furble.
“You keep warm, love. I’ll make you a hot chocolate and toast.” She tucked Molly in and kissed her cheek.
Molly closed her eyes, but she couldn’t get back to sleep. She kept wondering what would become of the little bandicoot.
Kate came upstairs with Molly’s breakfast and placed it on her nightstand. “See ya, Molly. I’m off to school now.”
When Kate had gone, Molly gulped down her warm drink and took a huge bite from her toasted muffin. Strawberry jam oozed out and spilt onto her pyjamas.
Rosie came barging through the door and grabbed her schoolbag. “I bet you’re not really sick, Molly. You just want to stay home.”
“Am so!” Molly wiped the jam from her pyjama top and licked her hand.
“I’m glad you didn’t get eaten by a fox,” said Rosie.
Molly climbed out of bed and dressed in her tracksuit. “Foxes don’t eat people, but I saw one. He wanted to eat Furble.”
“They do so eat people,” said Rosie, putting on her shoes. “I saw it on TV. A fox tried to eat a little boy. It bit his arm and his daddy saved him. I bet you were really scared in that haunted house, Molly. Did you see a ghost?”
“No, but I heard one.” Molly walked towards Rosie, wriggling her fingers. It sounded like this, “Whooooo, whoooo.”
“That’s not true. You made that up.” Rosie rolled her eyes and headed out the door.
After gathering her dirty dishes, Molly carried them downstairs to the kitchen.
“Oh, you’re up,” said her mother, pulling on her gardening gloves. “Grandma is coming over after lunch and bringing Furble.”
Molly sneezed. “Is Gran still going to let him free tomorrow?”
“Yes, but she wants to make sure he can manage in the wild on his own, so we’re making him a pen in the garden.”
“Can I help too?” asked Molly.
“It’s too windy and you have a cold,” said her mother. “But you can put your jacket on and go and apologise to Mrs Wilson.”
“No!” Molly ran to the lounge room and plopped down on a beanbag. As soon as the backdoor closed behind her mother, Molly turned on the TV. At least she’d get to spend some time with Furble today, but she felt too sad, thinking of where he was going.
A commercial for a pet shop appeared on the TV screen, catching Molly's eye. A ginger cat was running around inside a huge cat cage in a back garden. Molly sat up straight and listened. The man said the cat enclosures kept cats away from small animals and birds.
That was it! Molly had a super-duper idea. She ran over to the window and peeked out. Her mother was placing a chicken-wire fence around some grevillea bushes for Furble.
Molly pulled on her shoes and snuck outside to the garage. She grabbed her bicycle and wheeled it up the driveway. After looking over her shoulder to make sure her mother hadn’t see her, she pedalled out the gate and down the road to Tumblewood pet shop.



After leaning her bike against the wall, she ran inside. “Excuse me, lady,” she called out to the young woman behind the counter. “Do you sell cat enclosures and tunnels?”
The young woman turned around. “Yes, we do. Is your mother with you?”
“No,” said Molly. “How much do they cost?”
The woman handed Molly a brochure. “Here, take this home to your parents. We sell quite a lot of these.”
Molly grabbed the leaflet. “Thanks heaps.” She ran outside and rode as fast as she could all the way to her neighbour’s cottage. With a quick nod of her head, she shoved the brochure into Mrs Wilson’s letterbox.
Suddenly, Tiddles leaped onto the wall and meowed.



Molly jumped back with a start. “Oh, you scared me, Tiddles. I hope you’re going to be a good boy and leave Furble alone.”
Tiddles swished his tail and licked his lips.
“I’m not your friend, then.” Molly pushed her bicycle back home and ran indoors. After blowing her nose, she hurried to the front room and peeped out from behind the curtain. The postman would be here soon and Mrs Wilson would check her mailbox. When Grandma arrived, Molly heard her mother go into the kitchen and turn on the microwave. Molly couldn’t wait to see Furble. She bolted down the hall to greet him.
Grandma placed Furble inside the cage in the laundry room. “Hello, Molly.”
“Can I hold him for a moment?” pleaded Molly.
“Maybe later,” said Grandma, heading to the kitchen.
When Molly heard the postman’s whistle, she hurried to the front room and peeked out the window. Mrs Wilson was standing at her letterbox, reading the brochure.
“Lunch is ready, Molly,” her mother called.
Molly ignored her and kept watching her neighbour. Mrs Wilson screwed the leaflet into a ball and tossed it into her garbage bin.
“Slime and grime,” said Molly, her face growing hot. She didn’t want her lunch now, but the aroma of pumpkin soup made her stomach growl. She sighed and trudged back to the kitchen. Oh, how she wanted to kick that ignorant neighbour.
Her mother had set three bowls of steaming orange broth on the kitchen table.
“You look quite flushed,” said her mother. “Maybe you should rest after lunch.”
Molly slurped her soup and stuffed her mouth with hot buttered bread. After finishing her last bite, she yawned. “I’m tired. I’m going to have a nap.” She headed upstairs and waited for her mother and grandmother to go back outside before heading down again.
She flipped through the phonebook until she found the local council. After dialling the number, she told the man on the other end that her neighbour kept letting her cat outside at night. She was about to give them Mrs Wilson’s name and address when her mother snatched the phone out of her hand and hung up. “Molly! That’s not very nice.”
“But … but she won’t buy a cat tunnel.” Molly twisted her fingers together.
Her mother frowned, but didn’t speak. She just pointed to the stairs.

Twenty-six - Newspaper

Molly stomped upstairs to her room and quietly closed the door. Peering out of her bedroom window, she watched her mother and grandmother fasten the chicken wire together. Grandma disappeared indoors for a moment, then came back out with Furble in her arms. When she lowered him into his new pen, he scampered around.
“Aww.” Molly pressed her forehead against the windowpane and mumbled, “It's not fair. I want to hold him.” She clasped her hands under her chin and watched in awe as Furble darted about and burrowed into the soft earth with his nose. He chomped on grubs and insects and snapped up a beetles and bugs. When he’d finished eating, he ran under a bush and gathered leaves with his long claws. Then he disappeared beneath them.
Molly wished she could go outside and watch, but her mother was too angry. Mrs Wilson leaned over the fence and spoke to Grandma. Molly wished she could hear what the old bat was saying, but she guessed the mean woman was dobbing on her to Grandma. It wasn’t fair. Molly flopped on her bed and curled up. Her head ached and she began to cough. She fell asleep and woke to Rosie poking her arm.
“Mum said you can come down now,” said Rosie. “Dinner is nearly ready.”
Molly ran outside to see Furble, but he was asleep under the leaves. With sorrowful eyes, she looked at Grandma. “Why can’t he live in his new pen? He’s happy here.”
“No,” she said. “There’s no roof over it and snakes, cats and other predators could get in. Someone would have to watch over him all the time. Anyway, I’ve spoken to Mrs Wilson, and she’s agreed to keep Tiddles indoors at night.”
“Are you bringing Furble inside now?” asked Molly.
“Of course,” said Grandma. “We can’t leave him outside to be easy prey. We’ll release him tomorrow. He’s going to be just fine. He’s been hunting for his own food and making a nest.”
Molly had an idea. “I’ll watch him if you want to have your dinner, Gran.” She bit her lip, thinking she could set Furble free in Daddy’s veggie patch. He’d be safe there.
Her grandmother raised an eyebrow and stared at her. “I know what you’re up to, Molly Gumnut. You just want to release him in your garden.” She picked Furble up and carried him to the laundry room.
Pouting, Molly followed her back indoors. As soon as Gran put Furble in his gage, Molly stroked his head before he disappeared beneath his bed of leaves.
When her father arrived home, he plonked down in his armchair to read his newspaper whilst dinner was cooking. Suddenly he jumped up and ran into the kitchen. “Look at this,” he said to his wife, pointing at the front page of the newspaper.
Molly stood on her tiptoes and peered over his arm. Then her eyes nearly popped right out of her head. There was a picture of her with Furble on her lap. Her sisters and Grandma ran over to see what they were looking at as her father read out loud,
 
“The SES searched Tumblewood Valley in the storm last night, looking for missing eight-year-old Molly Mavis Gumnut. Soon after 4:00pm, Mrs Gumnut raised the alarm when her daughter didn’t arrive home from school. The bus driver reported he had dropped Molly off at the stop near her house.
A crew of more than fifty volunteers from the valley, including SES personnel, searched the area for six hours. Sniffer dogs and helicopter carrying thermal imaging equipment were called to help. An SES officer found Molly in a rundown cottage, sheltering from the hail whilst trying to save an injured bandicoot.”

Molly’s mouth opened wide. “Ooooh, Gran, I hope that won’t get you into trouble. You won’t lose your license, will you?”
Grandma looked over the top of her spectacles. “Well, it didn’t say that you took the bandicoot from me, Molly, but don’t ever run off like that again.”
“And look at all the trouble you caused,” said Kate.
“I was only trying to protect Furble,” said Molly. “I didn’t know a storm was coming. I was really scared.” She turned to her mother. “How did they get that photo of me and Furble?”
“The policeman asked me for a recent picture of you,” said her mother. “So I gave them that one from Kate's camera.”
Grandma rubbed her chin. “But how did they know you had a bandicoot, Molly?”
Molly shrugged. “I told the policeman that a fox tried to eat my bandicoot.”
“You also told them to arrest Mrs Wilson, if I remember rightly,” said her father.
Molly folded her arms in bold defiance and stared back at him.
“That’s nothing,” said her mother, shaking her head. “Molly rang the council this morning. She was about to report Mrs Wilson for letting her cat out at night. Lucky I overheard her talking and stopped her.”
Her father sighed. “Molly, when are you going to learn?”
“Maybe when somebody listens to me,” said Molly, tears rolling down her cheeks. She shook her fist. “But they will when I grow up because I’m going to work for the RSPCA.” She ran to the laundry room and held her fingers up against the wire cage. Her shoulders shook and her heart hurt as she sobbed tears of fury. She so feared for the life of her furry little friend. She sniffed. How was she going to live without him?

Twenty-seven - The Christmas Calendar

The next day at school, the children gathered around Molly and asked about her adventure in the storm.
Timothy pulled a copy of yesterday’s paper from his bag. “Look, Molly’s a legend.”
Gretchen slapped her hands against her waist. “Well, my mother said she wasted taxpayers’ money, having police cars and a helicopter looking for her.”
Molly stuck her thumbs in her ears and waggled her fingers at Gretchen.
Miss Button clapped her hands and called the class to attention. “Sit down, children. I have a surprise. Here’s a sample of our Christmas calendar. I printed it out this morning.” She held it up for all to see. January showed Gretchen’s picture of a wallaby with its joey.
The children clapped as the teacher flipped through each month. There were three photos on each page, but when she got to December, there was only one picture. It was Furble licking Molly’s face.
Lara yelled out, “Yay,” and all the children cheered.
Molly smiled proudly as Lara and Sissy high-fived her.
Gretchen poked Molly in the back with her finger. “Well, your picture is on the last page, Molly Dumbnut.”
“Good,” said Molly. “I get December and my picture will be there all Christmas.”
“Well, I’m first,” said Gretchen. “I’m January and you'll have to wait for a whole year until next Christmas.”
“Everyone remembers the last one,” said Sissy.
“Anyway,” said Lara. “Molly’s picture was in the newspaper yesterday, so there.”
“Big deal,” said Gretchen. ‘Who cares?”
“Pay attention, kids!” Miss Button knocked on her desk. “I’m not finished showing you the calendar yet.” She closed it amd held it up again. The cover showed a picture of the front page of yesterday’s newspaper. It had a large title above it:
Molly Gumnut Rescues a Bandicoot.
Molly's mouth dropped wide open. She couldn't believe it. Her picture wasn't on the front page. It was on the front cover. She grinned her biggest grin.
“Unreal,” said Sissy.
“Molly’s famous,” shouted Lara.
Most of the class clapped and cheered, but Gretchen didn’t. She just pressed her lips together and glared at Molly.
Blushing, Molly giggled with pride.
Suddenly the door flew open and the familiar scent of garlic and hairspray filled the room. “Well, well, well,” said Mrs Ramsbottom as she marched up the aisle. “I believe we have a celebrity in this classroom.”
Gretchen folded her arms and scowled.
Molly squirmed in her seat. What was a celebrity? Was the headmistress going to tell her off for wasting taxpayers’ money?
Mrs Ramsbottom stopped at Molly’s desk. “Maybe we’ll sell more calendars this year.” She held her finger in the air. “And that’s more money to go towards the village swimming pool.”
The children cheered, “Yay! A swimming pool!”
Miss Button smiled as the headmistress patted Molly’s head.
Molly grinned up at Mrs Ramsbottom. “Does that mean I can still bring animals to school?”
Mrs Ramsbottom raised an eyebrow and her eye twitched. But she didn’t answer. She just scratched her head and left the room.
“Well done, class,” said Miss Button. “The calendars will be ready to purchase before Christmas.”
Molly felt suddenly tired and her head ached. She just wanted to go home and spend some time with Furble. Grandma was planning to release him back to Mrs Wilson’s garden tonight. Molly shivered and her tummy did a flip-flop. She felt afraid for the poor little critter. And if she got a chance, she was determined to set Furble free in her own garden—though she knew Grandma wasn’t easily distracted and would be watching her like a hawk.
She hurried up to Miss Button’s desk and coughed. “Please, Miss. May I go home? I don’t feel well.”
“You better see the nurse,” said Miss Button. “You seem to have a bad cold.”
Molly waved to Lara and Sissy, grabbed her backpack and took off to the sickroom. After checking Molly’s temperature, the nurse phoned Molly’s mother to come and pick her up.

***

“Poor darling,” said her mother when they arrived home. “Go to bed and rest.”
“But I want to spend time with Furble before he goes away forever,” said Molly, pouting for sympathy.
“Hmm, I see.” Her mother folded her arms. “That’s why you wanted to come home.”
“No.” Molly blew her nose in a tissue and showed it to her mother. “See, I’ve still got a bad cold.”
“Oh, Molly,” said her mother. “Do you have to? Yuck.”
“Well, you didn’t believe me,” said Molly.
“Okay, if you wrap up warm,” said her mother. “You can sit with Grandma in the garden.”
After pulling on her warmest tracksuit, Molly ran outside. She climbed into Furble’s enclosure and begged her grandmother to let her hold him for a moment.
“You may stroke him for a little while,” said Grandma. “Then he has to rest. He’s got a big night ahead of him.”
Molly sat on the grass with her legs crossed and ran her fingers along Furble’s healed back. It suddenly occurred to her that she’d helped him to survive. She was an important child, even if Mrs Wilson didn’t think so. She lifted Furble up to her face and gazed into his bright brown eyes. “I’ll love you for ever and ever, Furble,” she whispered. She kissed the top of his tiny head and put him back in his nest under the red grevillea bush. “I’m going to miss him heaps, Gran.”
“Me too,” said Grandma, patting Molly’s leg. “But he’s getting too tame, and that’s not good for him. He has to learn to hide from predators again.”
Molly pressed her lips together and scowled at her grandmother. “But if he doesn’t, he’ll get eaten.”

Twenty-eight - The Release of Furble

That evening when the sun began to disappear behind the distant hills, a cool breeze blew dust up from the dirt road. “It’s nearly dark,” said Grandma. “We’d better take Furble home to his mother now.” She picked him up and gave him to Molly for one last cuddle.



Molly held Furble in her arms and sang a song she’d made-up especially for him.

“The time has come and you must go.
Where that is I’ll never know.
In my heart there’ll be no other.
Now, it’s time to find your mother.
Across the fields, across the hay,
I hope that you will find your way.
Though you've been through every hurdle,
You will always be my Furble.”

Her heart breaking, she held him to her cheek and kissed him. She wanted to run and protect him, but she had no choice. Tears streaked her face, but she passed him back to Grandma. “Bye-bye, Furble.”
“That was a lovely song, Molly.” Her mother gave her a hug.
Even Grandma had tears in her eyes as she wrapped Furble in his bunny rug and carried him towards Mrs Wilson’s garden. Molly wiped her face and shuffled behind the rest of the family.
“He’ll be just fine, Molly,” said her father, taking her hand.
Mrs Wilson walked over to the fence. “Oh, he’s a sweet little thing, isn’t he?” She looked at Molly. “Don’t worry. I’ve left Tiddles inside.”
Molly squinted at the woman she was supposed to say sorry to, but the words wouldn’t come out. It was all Mrs Wilson’s fault. Molly wouldn’t have kidnapped Furble or been stuck out in that awful storm if that stupid woman had kept her cat inside at night.
Mrs Wilson smiled. “I’m so glad you were found safely, Molly. We were all so worried about you.”
Ignoring her, Molly peered over the fence to make sure Tiddles wasn’t around. Then something caught her eye.
A huge wire cage covered the back of Mrs Wilson’s house. It looked like a large outdoor room. Molly leaned closer, her eyes wide. A small spiral staircase with a cat scratch post in the middle joined a catwalk that went up to the ceiling. A cat hammock hung from the corner. Molly gulped, looked at Mrs Wilson, then back at the strange room. It was like a dream. She couldn’t believe it. Was that for Tiddles?
“Surprise!” said Mrs Wilson. “Do you like the cat enclosure?”
“Can Tiddles get out?” Molly raised her eyebrows and cocked her head.
Mrs Wilson smiled. “No. Tiddles can use his cat door from inside the house to enter the enclosure, but he can’t get outside of it, or escape into the garden.”
Rosie grinned. “How clever. He can still play in the fresh air and look at trees.”
“Great,” said Kate. “Now, he can’t chase birds and animals.”
Molly turned to Mrs Wilson and pointed at the enclosure. “Did you buy that at the pet shop? I thought you didn’t like cat tunnels because you threw my brochure away.”
“Your brochure?” said Mrs Wilson. “Your mother spoke to me the other day about keeping Tiddles in at night, so I thought she’d put it in my letterbox. I noticed the brochure was from the local pet shop, so I ordered the kit to make the enclosure. My gardener erected it for me this morning.”
Molly grinned and climbed through the wire fence that divided the two yards. She hugged Mrs Wilson around the waist. “I’m really sorry for being rude to you. Now I can pet Tiddles again.”
“What brochure?” asked her mother.
“I got it at the pet shop,” said Molly, but she didn’t tell her when.
Mrs Wilson ruffled Molly’s hair. “Well, if I'd listened to you in the first place, you wouldn’t have been lost in the storm. I’m glad you told me about the cat pens. Now you can release the bandicoot in my garden.”
Molly did her happy dance. She twirled around and shook her butt. “Yay!” Now Furble could go back to his mother and live next door. She didn’t care if she had a bad cold. She felt happy again.
“Okay,” said Grandma. “You can all wait here while Molly and I take Furble down to the bottom of the garden where it’s quiet.”  Twilight came as Grandma lifted Furble out of his bunny rug and passed him over to Molly. “Hold him for a moment.”
Molly’s heart thumped fast and she hugged him one last time.
Grandma climbed through to Mrs Wilson’s yard and took Furble back. She kissed his head and placed him gently on the ground near the bushes.
Furble seemed bewildered. He stood still for a moment, then he shook his head and scampered off, disappearing into the long grass.
“Aww, he’s gone and I’ll never see him again.” Molly rubbed her eyes with her fists, but she couldn’t stop the flow of tears.
Grandma hugged her tight. “He’s happy now, Molly. He’s gone home to his family and they’ll be so glad to see him.”
Molly gave Grandma a sad little smile, then called out, “Bye, Furble, I’ll miss you, but I’ll love you forever and ever.” When she gazed down Mrs Wilson’s huge property, she realised what a large territory Furble and his family had to live in.


“Right,” said her mother wandering towards them. “Let’s eat.” She invited Mrs Wilson over for dinner and they hurried indoors to escape from the mozzies.
Molly held Mrs Wilson’s hand. “I’m glad we’re pals again. Can I come to your house tomorrow and make friends with Tiddles?”
“Sure you can.” Mrs Wilson smiled.
When the meal was finished, Grandma decided to go home. She had new critters to care for the next day and cages to clean.
Mrs Wilson said goodnight, then walked with Grandma to the driveway. Molly turned on the spotlight and stood on the back porch. She waved, then ran down the bottom of the garden and peered over the dividing fence, but she couldn’t see Furble.
An idea popped into her head and she ran over to Furble’s old pen. She picked up his bowl of insect cereal, carried it back to the wire fence, and placed it on the ground. Maybe Furble and his family would come and eat it. She gazed at the cat enclosure to make sure Tiddles was still there. Tiddles meowed from his bed at the top of his spiral staircase. Staring at her, he licked his paws.
Molly smiled. Now she could be friends with Tiddles again. She sneezed and walked inside. Her head ached and her nose felt blocked, but her heart tingled with joy for Furble.
Later that night, her father switched the spotlight on and they looked out the window together, but there was no sign of the little bandicoot.
After kissing her parents goodnight, Molly trudged upstairs. She climbed beneath her sheets and buried her head in her pillow. She missed her little friend, bust felt happy that he would be back with his mother. After all, she’d hated been stuck in that old house away from her mother. Her eyelids fluttered and she fell asleep, then before long, she dreamt that Furble was happily running through the long grass with all of his family.

***

The next morning, Molly padded outside in her pyjamas. When she looked in Furble’s food bowl, she found it empty. She jumped up and down and giggled with delight. “Yay! Furble’s eaten his food.”
Kate came up behind her and looked over Molly’s shoulder. “Don’t get too excited. It could have been a bush rat.”
Molly squinted meanly at her. “Was not!”
Rosie skipped across the lawn, chewing on a banana. “I bet it was a blue-tongue lizard.”
“It was Furble!” yelled Molly.

***

Molly filled Furble’s bowl with his favourite food every evening and watched from the kitchen window. Late one night, she peered out of her bedroom window and saw a movement in the veggie patch. She ran outside, but the furry animal scurried under the fence and disappeared. She folded her arms and pouted. Oh, well. It was too big to be Furble anyway.
A few months later on a moonlit night, Molly trudged outside with a bowl of veggie peelings. As she emptied them onto the compost heap, something stirred beneath it. Her heart thumping, she squatted down and rummaged through the pile of grass and vegetable scraps. When the mound moved again, Molly jerked back, hoping it wasn’t a snake.
A long pointed nose with a pink snout wriggled out. Two shiny brown eyes stared up.
Goosebumps covered Molly’s arms and a thrill shot up her spine. She silently squealed with delight as Furble sniffed her fingers. He’d grown bigger, but she recognised the scars on his back. Her heart skipped with joy as she grabbed a handful of corn from the leftovers and offered it to him.
Furble grasped onto Molly’s little finger and steadied himself before eating the cracked corn from her hand.  When he’d finished munching, he took off back into the long grass.
Molly clasped her hands together and gazed up at the twinkling stars. She felt sure her grandfather was watching over her and she blew him a kiss. “Goodnight, Grandpa.”
The next day, Molly remembered bandicoots enjoyed dog food and that gave her a super-duper idea. After grabbing her pocket money, she headed to the local store and bought a packet of doggy treats. She placed a few by the back door, and sure enough, they were gone the next morning.
One night when she couldn’t sleep, Molly sat gazing out of her bedroom window. Seeing a movement, her heart skipped and she stood up and pressed her forehead against the glass. It was Furble. He was sniffing around outside the back door and munching on the doggy treats. Clasping her hands together, she smiled, her heart melting like chocolate on a summer ‘s day.
Furble began calling regularly and was often spotted rummaging around the yard. He even sneaked into her father’s veggie patch, but she didn’t tell Daddy that. Her father had been complaining lately that an animal was digging up his spuds. But Furble never ate them. He just wanted the garden worms.
One night while watching TV, Molly noticed Furble staring through the sliding glass door into the lounge room. She smiled. He’d grown so much bigger and was now old enough to leave his mother. It seemed Furble had found his own territory and had come to live in Molly’s garden.

The End



For more Children’s books by Patricia Puddle check her websites:

Children's Books Author Patricia Puddle
Patricia's Blog: Adventures of Molly Mavis Gumnut
Molly’s Facebook Fanpage: https://www.facebook.com/pages/Molly-Gumnut-Rescues-a-Bandicoot/200423333334548?ref=hl
Book Cover by Patti Roberts: http://paradoxbooktrailerproductions.blogspot.com.au/


 
 
All books available as paperbacks and eBooks.
