Jake and Cael are on the trail of a demon where a rash of suspicious deaths has broken out.  When one brother is affected, can the other take out the source before it's too late?



Banshee's Cry
The Anointed Series Book Two
By Clover Autrey
Copyright 2011 Clover Autrey
Smashwords Edition

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales, is entirely coincidental.
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Cover art by Damone Nickerson
All Rights Reserved

~~~




Table of Contents






Banshee's Cry



"I don't know, Jake." Cael stepped over the broken glass. Every window in the run-down house had been shattered. "Something's off. It just doesn't seem like a demon."
Jake wrinkled his nose at the pungent smell of decay overtaking the dusty parlor. Moonlight stole inside, illuminating white sheets thrown over chairs and tables. "All the signs point to it. Even the thermal images we nicked off the satellite cameras showed a straight line of heat from a demon passing, and then there's reports of locals suddenly going insane—six to date—all bat shit crazy enough to hara-kiri themselves. Come on, sounds like a demon getting his jollies off around here to me. Six, Cael. Tell me how six people in one little town all kill themselves in the space of two weeks if a demon hasn't been hanging around influencing them?" 
"Yeah, okay. You're right." Cael pumped his splitter, the specialized shotgun that housed ice bullets in its chamber, best defense against demons in any dimension. 
He didn't look convinced. 
"Tell you what." Jake tapped the end of his own splitter. He loved the feel of Gertrude in his hands. Similar to a short barreled shotgun, the weapons master to the Anointed, Paps, designed the splitters with a smoother palm action trigger rather than a finger pull, and Gert had one of the cleanest pulls of any splitter Jake had used. "I'll keep my dagger unsheathed in case it's something besides a demon. Which it isn't."  
"Guess we'll know soon enough," Cael replied. "Up or down?"
"I'll take the cellar. You search upstairs, then meet back here and we'll sweep the main floor together." Jake glanced at Cael's back as the young tracker headed toward the stairway. "Call out if you find anything." 
Without looking back, Cael flicked out an exaggerated salute. Jake grinned. Bossing the kid around never got old. 
He tried several doors off the kitchen before he found the cellar. Why a demon would want to hang out here was beyond him, but they'd pieced together that at least four of the suicide victims had come here sometime during the month—one as a realtor, two as potential buyers, and another stopped by to give an estimate for refurbishing. So far visiting this house was the only thing any of the vics had in common.
Slipping out his penlight, Jake flicked it on. The little beam barely penetrated the darkness down into the slender stairwell. His first step down squeaked across the old wood and footsteps rustled below. Yep, something was definitely down there.
Jake pumped Gerty and descended the stairs that squeaked and squealed beneath each step, which didn't matter since the demon or whatever was in the cellar already heard him. His light bounced around spiderwebs and shelves that held dust-coated jars of preserves or something before shooting across a face. 
Jolting, Jake dragged the light back to the figure and the identical business end of the identical splitter pointed at him.
"What the hell are you doing here?" he growled out.
"Tracking a demon. What else?" Kiene tipped her head, making her long ponytail fall to the side."Nasty one by the looks of it." 
Of course she'd be tracking a demon. Her kind, the narrow-visioned Anointed, had long given up tracking anything besides demons, leaving humankind unprotected against all the other supernatural monsters and beasts that went bump in the night. 
"Well, leave. We got here first."
"I don't think so." 
Jake lowered his gun. "You don't think you're gonna leave or don't think we got here ahead of you?"
"Neither." The girl's shotgun lowered.
A frown pulled at Jake's mouth. She looked good. Long legs snug in black pants. Tight blue T-shirt beneath a short-cropped leather jacket. She could give catwoman a run for the money any day. "Who let you out of Karavel anyway?"
Blue eyes narrowed. "How else am I supposed to gain any experience? I'm tracking demons. Same as you."
"On your own?" 
No, I brought my baby sitter along. Geez." 
Jake did not like her tracking alone. Not one little bit. Sure he knew she'd graduate from the Academy one day and join the ranks of demon trackers, but…hell, he just didn't like it. That's all. 
"You're not ready. You need to go home."
"Says who? You?" One hip cocked out almost in defiance and Jake couldn't help staring at the curve of it.
"Someone has to say it." 
"Pluuh…eease. You and Cael track on your own and you're not even—" Her features wilted. At least she had the decency to look mortified at what she'd almost blurted. 
Of course Jake being Jake, didn't let it go. "Not what, Kiene? Full-blooded?" Coming from her, it felt like a punch to the stomach. "I didn't expect that from you."
"You know I don't care about that." Her tone was quiet.
"What then? If I can track without superhuman abilities, it must be a piece of cake? It isn't. It's still hard, it's still dangerous, even for you over hopped-up Anointeds."
"Stop it. You know that's not what I meant. Initiates, Jake. I was going to say you’re not even initiates." Her temper was back, which was fine with him. Much more comfortable to deal with anyway. She headed toward a darker part of the cellar. "You can be such a jerk, you know that?"
Whatever." Jake followed after her. "Cael and I are tracking this demon so you need to back off."
"I am not backing off."
"Yes. You are." 
"Look." Kiene spun around. "I put a lot of effort into tracking all the signs. It's my first solo and I'm not returning without even trying."
"Meaning you don't want to be humiliated in front of your friends."
"Fine. Yes. Whatever." She tossed her head back. "Call me shallow. Call me a suck-up. I don't care, but I am tracking this demon." 
Jake swung the shotgun up to rest over his shoulder. The last thing he wanted to do was cause Kiene any embarrassment among the other Anointed initiates, though he wasn't sure why he even cared about that. They were all the lowest form of life as far as he was concerned. "Fine, you can stay. But, sweetheart, we're doing this together." Where he could keep an eye on her. "I'm in charge. You do everything I say." Oh her eyes flared wide at that. Maybe this could be fun after all. "Deal?"
She glared at him. He could practically see the cogs of her mind weighing options. Finally her gaze met his. "Deal."


~~~


Basement checked out, they trudged up the stairs. Kiene's shoulder bag swung against her hip. Jake wondered what kind of arsenal she had in her little bag of tricks. 
Cael was waiting for him on the main floor. "Kiene?" His forehead scrunched and he looked questioningly at Jake.
Jake shrugged.
Kiene's countenance lit up. "Cael!" Striding over, she gave Cael a quick one-armed hug, both of them holding their splitters out to the side.  
Jake grunted. She never smiled that wide for him. "Upstairs clear?" Jake barked out at his brother.
Cael's lips stretched tight, but a dimple popped out since the kid could never suppress a grin no matter how hard he tried. "Nothing upstairs." Even his tone held humor. "You?"
Jake flicked his gaze toward the girl. "Well, nothing demonic."
Kiene rolled her eyes.
"Kiene, what are you doing here?" Cael asked.
"Same thing as you." Kiene grinned and it made all sorts of feelings jump around in Jake's gut. 
Cael frowned. "What data did you use?"
"Satellite thermal imaging, the sudden explosion of low-frequency wave lengths shooting across the area—no way is that much activity not supernatural—the rash of suicides… It all points to—"
"A demon." The skin between Cael's eyes bunched as he frowned.
Kiene tilted her head again. "You think it's something else?" 
"I don't know. It's just…a feeling."
"Cael, I told you," Jake said. "If it waddles like a duck…"
"I know, just keep an open mind."
Jake pulled his kremloc dagger from the waistband at the back of his jeans. "I brought the opal, didn't I?" Cael's look of relief was worth bringing the extra weapon, though Jake doubted he'd be using it. He shoved it back into his waistband. "Now, can you two compare geek notes later so we can search the rest of this place? Cael, you finish this floor. Kiene and I will check outside."
"There's three of us now." Kiene drew her FLIR from her jacket. The little hand-held infrared detector would pinpoint a demon in seconds. "Why do I have to go with you?" 
Because he didn't want her running into a demon on her own. "Fine. You take the front yard." Which he and Cael already scanned on their way in. "I'll take the back." Where he could get to her quick. "Happy?"
"Ecstatic." She spun on her heel and flounced toward the front door, leaving Cael and Jake staring after her.
"This is going to be a fun job," Jake muttered before heading in the opposite direction.


~~~


The old wrap-around porch groaned beneath Jake's sneakers. He quickly stepped off before the rotting boards splintered beneath him. A slight breeze ruffled weedy grass against his calves. The yard was huge and overgrown. A few rickety out-buildings and sheds lined the edge of the property in front of a dark copse of trees. 
Pulling out his own FLIR, Jake walked toward the shell of an ancient barn that leaned to one side so bad it looked as though one hard shake could topple it over. Nothing registered on the infrared. "All right, demon, where are you hiding? Give me some hint of where you've gotten off to."
He made a wide sweep of the yard, stopping near the trees to check the infrared readings again. A cold breeze blew across the back of his neck, making the tiny hairs stand on end. Jake peered into the thick darkness between the trees. He heard the faint sound of water splashing over rocks. There must be a stream within the trees close by. Jake listened a moment longer before turning his back to the little grove and moving on. 
Another sound stopped him in his tracks.
A woman's sorrow filled crying tingled along his skin, a soft grief-stricken keen that speared straight to Jake's bones.
He turned back to the mini-forest, hesitating for only a second before he walked into the thicket. Moonlight barely reached the ground. Ducking beneath drooping branches, Jake followed mournful cries. Pocketing the FLIR, he lifted his splitter.
The weeping grew louder. 
Jake came around the trunk of a large tree and saw her. 
She knelt on the ground over a wooden bucket holding sudsy water, long gray skirt flowing outward across the ground. Head bowed, shoulders shaking, she wept as she scrubbed fabric across one of those old-fashion washboards. 
She was definitely not a demon. Seeing through to a hellspawn's watery aura was one of the abilities their half-Anointed blood gave him and Cael. He shook his head. Cael had been right all along, which totally sucked because he'd never hear the end of this. So what was she? Nymph? Ghost? 
Jake lowered the shotgun. Ice bullets weren't much good against either. Neither were real bullets. Only thing you could do for a ghost was either talk to it, explain to them they were dead—because most spirits didn't realize they had passed over into another realm—or in the case of wrathful dangerous apparitions, Jake had a few Latin incantations up his sleeve for that.
And if she was a nymph? Well, that was an entirely different hornet's nest. Couldn't kill nymphs, just had to find something to bargain with. He'd still have to talk to her to ferret out what a forest fairy could possibly want. But this weeping wasn't a nymph's style. Jake leaned toward her being a ghost.
Well, here goes nothing. In his experience, telling a ghost she was a ghost worked only ten percent of the time. They simply didn't want to believe it. But this woman was in such distress, her weeping so pitiful, he couldn't just destroy her spirit—literally—without trying to help her cross over to a better place first. At least he hoped there was a better place. 
He was glad Cael wasn't here to see what a softie he was being. 
"Ma'am?" Jake stepped closer. 
The woman stopped scrubbing. With her head lowered, he couldn't see her features behind the fall of her long silver-white hair. 
Okay, then. The awkward silence strained between them. Taking a chance, Jake crouched down, still a few feet away, his mind sorting through the quickest incantations he could use to send her packing just in case. 
He settled the shotgun loosely across his knees. "Uh, ma'am. I want to help you."
She remained quiet and began moving the fabric up and down on the washboard again. Her fingers were red. Was she bleeding? 
Stretching his neck forward, Jake looked into the washbasin, into the pink water. The woman started crying again, her slim body shaking as she scrubbed the clothes with more force, blood seeping from the material. What? Jake flinched. She was scrubbing a black shirt. He could barely make out some kind of picture or logo within the wrinkles. Wait. Was that a Rush concert T-shirt?
Jake looked down at his own chest, at the same logo. He sprang to his feet, whipping Gerty up. 
Too late! The woman was on him, thumbs digging into his temples, long fingers curling around his head. Faces inches apart, red glowing eyes stared into Jake's, holding him powerless within the intensity of her gaze. A violent wind erupted around them, pulling at the strands of her silver hair, whipping her dress around both their legs. 
Her head dipped to the side, toward Jake's ear, and she let out a thin screech, low and penetrating, somewhere between the wail of a woman and shriek of an owl. It pierced every fiber of his body, drilling through his organs like the buzz of an electrical shockwave.
A scream erupted from Jake's chest, stealing the remainder of his breath with it.






Two



Kiene jerked at the scream. 
"Jake!" 
 Splitter at the ready, she ran around the side of the house just as Cael burst out of the back door. "Where?"
"I don't know!" Looking around the grounds, Kiene didn't see anything around the out-buildings. 
She briefly met Cael's gaze before they both took off running toward the trees. That was the only place Jake could be. At the tree line they slowed, shotguns up and ready. Cael signaled for her to go right. He'd take left.
Nodding, she moved silently across the ground, heart pounding. Damn her pride, she should have stayed with him. All senses alert, the faint sound of trickling water drifted across the quiet air. She followed it to a small stream. There was no sign of Jake anywhere, so she angled back the way she had come, hoping to pick up his trail. If she could figure out the spot he entered the grove, she could find him. 
There. A foot print. Another. Definitely the tread of Jake's shoes. Her pulse gained in speed as she followed the trail, practically jogging with her gaze glued to the ground. Jake, where are you? 
She found him sprawled face down in the dirt. "Jake!" She ran, sliding to her knees beside him. "Jake!" She jostled the back of his shoulder, but he didn't respond. Placing two fingers at his neck, she felt for a pulse while she scanned the area. Except for hers and Jake's tracks, there wasn't any sign that anything else was around. No disturbed foliage or broken limbs. Just the regular signs of birds and small rodents. Though nothing was in sight, the atmosphere here felt wrong, old and ancient, like something prowled just within the shadows. Jake's pulse beat steady and strong beneath her fingers. 
What could have happened? "Come on, Jake, wake up. Cael!" she shouted for the young tracker. A whistle answered in reply. 
"Jake." She nudged him again with the same unsatisfactory result. "Geez, you're stubborn even when you're unconscious." Her chest tightened like cords of rope compressed around her. She moved her palms over Jake's arms, his shoulders and torso, searching for injuries, her fingers skimming over smooth muscle.
"Jake!" Cael ran out from around a tree, slamming to a stop. Even in the low light, Kiene had never seen such open fear in anyone's features. "Jake?" Worried eyes met hers. "Is he--?" He stopped, swallowed. "How bad?" 
"I don't know." Kiene went back to looking for an indication of what was wrong. She slipped her hands into the dark hair, feeling for wounds or bumps. "I can't find anything, but he won't wake up."
Cael lowered to the ground on the other side of his sibling, his young face revealing so much worry she felt almost like an intruder. Setting his shotgun down within easy reach, Cael rolled Jake over onto his back, letting Kiene take his older brother's head into her lap. She watched quietly as Cael also felt Jake's pulse and checked his breathing, and then began his own search for injuries. 
She studied him silently, her heart breaking a little that he knew how to assess and triage this deftly. A sixteen-year-old boy shouldn't have this kind of firsthand experience. Even among the initiates, trackers didn't go on their first solos until they turned twenty. Yet Cael had been going after demons and all sorts of monsters since he was fourteen. Her gaze lowered to Jake's still features, the realization of how much danger—how many times these two boys had been hurt over the years—sank in like a collapsing well to the pit of her stomach.
Cael shook his head, obviously not finding the source of Jake's unconsciousness either. "Jake, bro, come on." He tapped his cheek. "Quit being a drama queen. Get up." Cael lifted Jake's eyelid, frowning at what he saw. At her angle, Kiene couldn't tell, but from his expression she guessed there was too much dilation. 
He glanced around, his quick gaze obviously noting the absence of a struggle or another's tracks as she had earlier. "We need to leave." 
"You feel it too?"
His gaze slid to hers, held steady a moment before he nodded. Kiene looked back into the shadows. A wave of protectiveness washed over her. She lifted her chin. You can't have him.
"Can you get my and Jake's guns?" Cael jerked her attention back to him.
Kiene nodded, even as he pulled Jake from her lap and ducking low, shifted Jake's dead weight across his shoulder to carry him fireman style. Once he was up, Cael took off, leaving Kiene to cover their backs. Where had that strength come from? 
Jake's arm swayed back and forth with Cael's steady pace. They jogged around the side of the large house and Cael immediately headed toward Jake's old banged-up jeep. 
"Put him in my car." Kiene headed toward the other side of the old carriage house where she'd parked. Her lips quirked up. No wonder they hadn't known she was here before them.
Not hearing footsteps behind, she glanced back. Cael stood in the middle of the driveway, indecisive. She got that he didn't want to separate from his brother and they couldn't leave either of the vehicles here, but too bad, Jake didn't need to be jostled around in that rusty bucket of bolts, driven by a freaked out little brother. Cael was keeping calm now, but she also saw how tight his jaw was clenched, keeping it together.
"My ride will be easier on Jake." Not a lie since their back seat was all of five feet long and crammed with bags and equipment. That got him, and Cael started toward her.
He gave out a low whistle when they rounded the corner. "A little inconspicuous, don't you think?"
"What?" She opened the passenger side door of the blossom-red car. It wasn't as nice as her hover-car back home, but it was the prettiest vehicle she'd seen at the rental lot. 
"That's a Porsche nine-eleven GT3." He looked a little shocked. The worry must be getting the better of him. He shook his head in the same manner as Master Bronach when she couldn't duplicate a certain combative move. "There's not enough room." 
"There's room." She moved out of the way so he could maneuver Jake into the passenger seat, and quickly realized it wasn't going to be that easy. Running around to the other side, she stashed all three splitters on top of the roof and climbed across the driver's seat to help Cael get Jake settled. The back seats were loaded with her bags and the extra weapons and supplies that didn't fit in the small trunk. Okay, maybe the car was a little small, but she hadn't counted on an unconscious floppy-limbed guy taking up half the space. There really wasn't much room at all, possibly less than the jeep, but it was new and clean and she wanted Jake with her. 
"The buttons to adjust the seat are down at the side," she informed Cael and helped hold Jake upright as the seat moved back so he could lift his brother's long legs into the car. Even so his knees pressed into the glove box. 
Kiene helped Cael slide his brother up and get the seat belt fastened. 
Cramped in the tiny space, each half-in and half-out of their respective doorways, they both stared down at Jake. He'd been unconscious a long time.
"Jake," Kiene whispered, smoothing dark bangs off his forehead. Cael remained quiet as though hoping she could bring his brother out of whatever had a hold of him.
There was no response, not as much as an eyelash flutter. 
Cael squeezed Jake's arm before easing backward out of the doorway. He came around the car and was next to Kiene when she climbed out. He held a set of keys out to her. "I'm driving your car. You follow in the jeep."
He really didn't want to leave Jake's side. Which would normally be fine for Kiene, except… "I can't drive that beast." 
"Why not?" Cael's brows lowered.
"It has…" Kiene fluttered her hand in the air, looking for the right word. "A weird stick thingy in the middle that has to move all over the place."
"Gears?" 
Kiene shrugged.
"All mortal vehicles have them."
"Not like that one." 
A slight curve lifted the corner of his mouth. "Yes it does. Yours is just automatic." 
"Whatever. I still can't drive that thing."
"Fine." He frowned down at her, any trace of his grin wiped away, the warning clear. You take care of my brother.
She handed his and Jake's shotguns to him. "Follow me to Karavel."
"What? No. No. We can't take him there." He went all shades of green.
There was a pass-through bridge only a few miles away. "Why not? They have the best healers." 
"No, they don't." His voice was whisper thin. 
Kiene narrowed her eyes. Cael had been under the care of the Anointed healers for months after the accident that took Iason's life. Cael had been beaten so badly he languished in a herb-induced sedation through most of it, completely out of it. That couldn't make for good memories, and she felt bad about that and all, but Jake needed aid… 
"Do not take my brother to Karavel." It was spoken quietly, but there was the hint of a threat there. 
"Then where?" Kiene wasn't too thrilled about showing up at one of the military base hospitals. Even though the mortal military, well, a few of them—Jake and Cael's father and his little band of human soldiers in particular—allied with the Anointed in the defense of mankind, she understood how the human scientists looked at her people like bugs in a jar. She and Lisi spent many evenings after their studies viewing movie DVDs and had a good grasp of human suspicions, regarding anyone not quite human.
Cael's fingers flexed where he held his shotgun. He was shaking. His eyes tracked back to her vehicle.
"I have a room in town." Kiene made the decision for him. "Follow in your beastly vehicle." 
Cael nodded. Where he looked so confident while he carried his brother moments ago, he now seemed like a lost little boy. Her heart pulled in her chest. Oh Jake. You better be okay. 






Three



Cael white-knuckled the steering wheel as he followed behind Kiene's Porsche. Girl drove like a grandma, which was a crime with such a sweet ride, especially when he wanted to get to their destination quick and see what was going on in the car up ahead. Jake could have woken up, or slipped further into whatever unnatural unconsciousness had a hold of him. Either way, Cael wanted to know. 
Kiene pulled into the parking lot of a posh hotel. Expensive car, higher-class hotel. Must be nice operating on an Anointed's unlimited budget. She backed into a spot right up front while Cael had to search farther back in the lot to find an open space. 
Shoving the splitters beneath the back seat, Cael locked the jeep and jogged over to the Porsche. He went straight to the passenger side and tugged open the door. "Did he wake up at all?" 
Still in the driver's seat, Kiene gave a quick shake of her head.
Cael splayed his hand over Jake's chest, holding it there until he felt the soft rise and fall. "Jake, this sleeping princess act is getting old." He shifted Jake's legs out of the car and took hold of his upper arms, and pulled him up to begin sliding him out. Jake's head rolled forward and he moaned. 
Cael and Kiene both froze. "Jake?" they exclaimed at the same time. 
There was no more response, but that slight sound had been the best thing Cael had ever heard, easing the hard weight he'd carried in his chest a bit. 
From the other side, Kiene helped slide Jake closer to Cael. "Wait here a minute." She slipped out of the car and ran off. 
Cael blew out a breath, wondering where she went, and let Jake's face fall onto his shoulder while he manhandled him farther out the door. It was such an awkward tight fit, maneuvering floppy legs and arms. Cael jolted when Kiene spoke right behind him. 
"I told you to wait." 
"What?" He glanced to the side, saw the luggage cart she had rolled out from the lobby. "Oh." That would definitely make things easier. 
Kiene slid her jacket off and folding it, placed it at one end of the low cart. "Think we can somehow roll him onto that?" 
"Yep." He planned on carrying Jake over his shoulder again, but this would work. 
"Okay." Kiene squeezed next to Cael to help him and the cart started rolling. 
"I can get him," Cael said. "You just hold the cart still." 
With Kiene holding the luggage cart steady, Cael wrestled his older sibling's dead weight out of the car and let gravity take over, guiding Jake's headlong roll onto the cart. Head pillowed on Kiene's jacket, Jake's limbs splayed on either side along the pavement. Kiene drew his arms up to lay across his chest while Cael tried to bend his brother's long legs, finally lifting them to rest along the crossbars at the end when they kept flopping off the cart. He looked ridiculous, which would be funny if Cael wasn't so worried. 
Together they wheeled him inside the hotel, receiving a bland look from the young front desk clerk. "Designated drivers." Kiene gave him a sheepish smile as they crossed the lobby toward the elevators and the guy's face reddened. "This one can't hold his liquor." 
The clerk grinned. Cael supposed two teens hauling their drunk-off-his-ass friend upstairs could liven up a dull nightshift or maybe the guy just thought Kiene was hot. He kept glancing at her while they waited for the elevator to arrive. 
The doors slid open and they rolled Jake and the cart inside. As soon as the elevator pinged their arrival at the fourth floor, Jake groaned, slapped around and slid off the cart. 
"Jake!" Cael stopped the cart from rolling into his legs. Trying to pull himself up with palms on the unstable cart, Jake blinked up at Cael like the fluorescent lighting was too bright. "Hell are we?" 
Cael laughed, the sudden relief at having his brother awake and talking, making him loopy. He shoved his foot against the door as it started to close. 
Kiene crouched at Jake's back, pulling him up beneath his armpits. "Come on, big guy, we're going for a little ride."
Jake tilted his head back to look at her, forehead wrinkled in puzzlement. "On that?"
"Mmm-hmm." Kiene smiled prettily. 
"You pushing?"
"I thought I would." Her lips quirked.  
Jake's mouth puckered. "Yeah, 'cause you're pushy." He shoved up to his feet, swayed as though he might crash right back down, but Cael's arm shot out to steady him. 
"You good?" 
Jake blinked several times. "I'm always good." 
Kiene frowned him. Cael shrugged. "Says he good." 
She rolled her eyes. "Fine. Prove it." She let go of Jake to put her hands on her hips.
Jake straightened out and took a step forward. His legs buckled and he would have fallen if Cael hadn't hauled him back up. 
"Stubborn idiots," she muttered and pushed the luggage cart into the hallway. 
Grinning, Cael pulled Jake's arm over his shoulder and practically dragged him out of the elevator. Jake was completely stubborn, but Cael was grateful for it. It was that stubbornness that had him on his feet, rather than giving in to whatever had taken him down. 
Kiene had her room door open by the time they caught up to her. Cael stood with Jake in the doorway, not sure where to set Jake down.
"Put him on the bed," Kiene directed, scooping up a bra and some kind of shimmery nightgown as well as a towel that had been deposited earlier across the unmade bed.
He lowered Jake to the side of the mattress, though his brother didn't seem inclined to lie down. Cael sat beside him. 
"Jake, what happened?"
Kiene dumped the small first aid kit between them. 
Jake scowled. "I don't need that." 
"You were face down in the dirt when I found you."
"I'm fine. No scrapes. No nothing. Just a little shut-eye."
Kiene opened the lid. "For half-an-hour? That's not normal."
Jake's cock-sure grin eased out. "I'm not normal." 
"Understatement of the year." Kiene pulled out a pill bottle. "At least take aspirin?" 
Jake opened his palm and Cael went over to the little sink above the mini-fridge to get him a glass of water. 
Handing the glass over, he asked again. "So what happened?"
Jake took the pills and shook his head. "I don't know. I heard this lady crying so I followed her into the trees, then she whammied me." 
"Whammied how?" 
Jake pressed his fingers to his forehead, rubbing circles. "She grabbed my head and lights out. That quick."
Cael didn't like the sound of that, didn't like supernatural things messing with his brother's head. "So, not a demon like we thought. A ghost?"
"I thought so at first, tried to talk to her."
"She say anything?" Kiene asked. 
"Nope. Went from weeping to eyes flashing red and that's all she wrote." Jake rubbed his head again. Had to be throbbing.
"Kay." Cael frowned. That wasn't much to go on. Weeping ghost with red eyes who attacked his brother without provocation and so far was the only clue they had to the recent suicides. Maybe she had committed suicide herself? Could account for the crying. "Why don't you rest. I'm gonna get the iPad from the jeep and see if I can dig something up. Hey, what-type era would you say the woman was dressed for?" Could narrow down the search while looking through obituaries on suspicious deaths.
Jake scooted back toward the headboard and stretched his legs out on the bed. He shook his head. "Not sure. Early nineteen hundreds maybe. She was wearing a long dress. Could fit a lot of time periods."
Cael frowned. Not much help there. 
"Hey, Cael. Don't stay up much longer." Jake yawned. "Research can wait for the morning. Got the feeling we need to stay sharp for this one. Something's off."
"Sure thing, Mom." Cael stared at Jake a moment before sliding his gaze to Kiene. Things never were good whenever Jake felt like something was off. Which meant Cael wouldn't get much sleep until he figured out just what was going on. 


~~~


Jake snapped awake like he'd taken a plunge in an icy river. Something stirred against his thigh. Easing up on the bed, he saw Kiene sleeping near the foot of the mattress, her forehead pressed against his leg. A smile tugged at his mouth and he let his fingers run through the silky spill of her hair while he glanced around the room.
Cael had fallen asleep in the overstuffed chair, long legs propped on another chair he'd pulled over from the desk. His face was illuminated in the glow of the digital clock on the desk. 4:01: Still early. The iPad lay dark on his lap. He'd obviously fallen asleep while doing research. 
Feeling gritty, probably from being thrown face first into the dirt last night, Jake scooted carefully off the bed, trying not to awaken Kiene. She murmured and turned to the other side and Jake watched her for a moment, all sorts of unwanted feelings jumbling around in his belly he didn't quite know what to do with. She had wanted to tend to him last night, had slept near him…
Jake tamped any tenderness down. He'd been hurt last night, out of it. Kiene had a caring nature. Don't make anything more out of it. Jake pulled back, not willing to open himself up to her. 
He turned away, spied his duffel near the door next to Cael's. A shower, change of clothes and he'd be back to his old self, better able to deal with this oddball case and… His gaze slipped back to the sleeping girl on the bed. Damn. The sooner they got rid of this ghost and packed Kiene back to Karavel, the better.
He still felt a little woozy. Yeah, a shower would definitely help. He grabbed up his bag and slipped into the bathroom, closing the door quietly behind him. 
The hot water felt great, sluicing over him, loosening tight muscles. By the time he shut off the water and toweled off, he felt so much better—ready to tackle the day and get rid of a crazy weeping ghostie so they could get back to tracking the demons that got loose. Wonder if Kiene had any extra omthrodite they could pilfer off her before she left. Any way to avoid going to Karavel for supplies, even for the crystals to close Hell-holes, was good by him. 
Besides, on their last supply run, their mom had told them to stay away. Yeah, two half-breed kids didn't go over well among the Anointed with her political career circling the toilet. 
Whatever.
Karavel held no appeal for him anyway. He just wished it wasn't so hard on Cael, not being able to see their mom often. 
Draping the towel around his hips, Jake stepped out of the tub/shower combo and lifted his duffel onto the sink counter. He pulled out a pair of jeans and boxers and rooted around for a shirt when his hand swept over his small pocketknife. 
Frosty air curled around him, an abrupt change from the warm humidity from the shower. He wasn't alone. His eyes snapped up to the fogged over mirror. 
There was nothing but his own hazy reflection. He spun around, clicking open the blade. Still nothing.
He stared at the short blade, shiny in the swirls of fog. Goose pimples raised along his flesh. He stared and stared, imagined turning the blade in his hand and jamming it in his stomach, felt warm blood take the chill away as it flowed down his skin and soaked into the white towel, making pretty flowery patterns.
Jake flinched, dropped the knife where it clattered on the tile, spinning, spinning. He wanted to grab it back up, slide it across his arms…
What? No! He'd never had thoughts like this. This wasn't him. He pressed his hands to his stomach. No wounds. Nothing there. He hadn't done it. He wouldn't do something like that. Had never thought it. 
Weeping streamed along the heavy air, an inconsolable sobbing coating his skin, which grew steadily louder, more intense until shrieking howls pierced his brain, stabbing his head over and over. He sank to his knees, his fist curling over the blade, cutting into his palm. 
Make it stop. Make it stop. He wanted to jam the knife in his eye to make it stop. This wasn't him. "Cael," he gasped, flinging the knife away where it spun across the floor. He lifted his hand to his head, leaving a bloody handprint on the tile that did a slow rotation. Everything was spinning, his vision fraying around the edges. The shrieking kept drilling and drilling inside his head.
This was wrong. It was all so wrong. Stop it. Stop it. Stop the noise. 
"Cael." 
He squeezed his head between his hands, fought the urge to smack it against the tile to make the screeching woman shut up. Just shut up! Shut the freak up! 
Steps pounded outside the bathroom. "Jake!" The door opened, slightly at first, and then it slammed against the sink counter. Hands latched around Jake from behind and he felt himself hauled backwards.
"What's going on?" Kiene's voice floated from the other room.
"Don't know." Cael's tone was clipped. 
Cael dragged him out of the bathroom, across the floor and up onto the bed.
"He's bleeding?" Kiene again, though she sounded far away behind the shrieking, howling of the weeping woman. 
"Guuh! Make it stop." Jake pressed the heels of his palms to his eyes, rolling his head back and forth.
Cael's hands circled his wrists, dragging Jake's hands away. "Stop what? What is it? Jake!" 
Jake stared at his brother, willing him to somehow fix this, make her screams get out of his head, make her stop. "Do you hear it?"
"Hear what? Jake, I can't…what's going on? Talk to me."
Jake pulled up, clawing his bleeding hand into his brother's shirt. "You gotta stop her." 
"I will. I just need to—Jake!"
The woman's shriek punctured through Jake's skull with such force everything exploded, went white then fizzled to blackness. His brother's shout followed him down into the abyss. 






Four



"Jake!" Cael lowered Jake to the pillows when he went slack in his grip. What the hell was going on? Waking to his brother's stifled call, finding him not on the bed where he was supposed to be, but rocking on his knees on the bloody bathroom floor was freaking him out. 
Kiene kneeled on the other side of the bed. She brought extra towels and the first aid kit. "What has he done to himself now?" Her tone was curt, but she looked worried.
"I don’t know." The blood on Jake's head, chest and towel tangled around his hips seemed to be coming from a gash in his hand. It didn't look that deep. He grabbed one of the towels and lifted Jake's hand to apply pressure to the wound. Even though he was unconscious, Jake's features were tight with pain. 
Kiene dug out antiseptic cream and bandages from the kit. "Think it needs stitches?" 
Cael lifted the towel to look. "No. It's not that deep. The small butterfly bandages should be enough." What was going on? Jake could still be suffering from his earlier smack on the head from the ghost, went to shower and blacked out, slicing his hand as he fell, but Cael didn't think so. Not with Jake asking over and over to make it stop. Make what stop? 
He had the niggling feeling that this was connected to the ghost. The spirit had done something to his brother, or—Cael frowned—was still doing something. 
He held Jake's hand steady while Kiene cleaned off the blood. "Don't worry, Jake. I'll figure this out." 
Kiene glanced up at him, lips pressed tight, and nodded.


~~~


As soon as they had Jake patched up and the blood cleaned away, Kiene went into the bathroom while Cael pulled the bloody towel away and wrestled sweat pants onto his brother. 
Kiene stared at the bloody handprint on the floor a moment before soaking a washcloth and wiping it away. She'd have to call room service to bring up more linens. 
She looked around, trying to figure out what Jake sliced open his hand on, and was surprised to see the open pocketknife at the side of the toilet. That didn't make any sense. Picking it up, she noted the blood on the knife's edge and wiped it off with the washcloth. Jake had just gotten out of the shower, was in nothing but a towel…so why would he have taken his knife out? And how did he slice himself? 
Jake could be a childish brat, but he wasn't careless around weapons, even small ones like this. 
Cael was right. Something weird was definitely going on. 
She reentered the room and found Jake cocooned beneath the blankets and Cael sitting beside him, back against the headboard, and scowling at the iPad.
"He cut himself on this." Kiene held up the pocketknife.
Cael's brows angled together, making him look as young as he really was. 
"Find anything?" She closed the blade and set the pocketknife on the nightstand.
Cael shook his head and glanced sideways at her. "What do you think it is?"
"Best guess, that ghost is somehow still attached to him. She may have gotten to him in the bathroom. That's why he pulled the knife." 
Cael's face paled. He looked down at Jake. "If she can get to him here… We've got to charm the room." 
Kiene nodded. "Got any hyssop oil?"
"In the jeep." Cael set the iPad aside and got up, grabbing his sneakers off the floor. "You'll watch him?" He jammed one shoe on.
"You know I will."
"Yeah," he smiled, embarrassed. "Be right back." He zipped out the door.
Kiene took his place on the bed beside Jake and lifted the iPad, seeing a listing of suspicious deaths filed. She lifted a brow. Cael had obviously hacked into the local police case files. She scrolled through a few of them, looking for something to stand out. The files online only went back to the sixties. If Jake's guess about the crying woman's clothing was right, they'd have to go to the library or county records to dig through the older files and newspapers.
A knock at the door startled her. In Cael's haste he hadn't taken a keycard. The noise roused Jake and his features screwed up tight. She hated that look on his handsome face. 
Setting the iPad aside, she hurried to let Cael in.
"He wake up?'
"Just stirred a little. You got it?"
"Yeah." Cael handed a rumpled paper bag to Kiene as he passed to get to his brother and placed a palm on Jake's forehead. 
"There's no fever," she informed him.
"Yeah." Cael blew out a breath. Kiene sympathized. It'd almost be better if Jake was sick, even delirious. They could deal with that better than… whatever this was. If they couldn't figure out what this ghost was doing…who knew what she wanted or for how long this would go on? Or what might happen if it stopped.
"Mmmm." Jakes eyelids fluttered. Kiene moved up behind Cael. Black lashes lifted to reveal mossy green eyes. Gods, Jake had the most beautiful eyes. They lifted to his brother. "Cael?" 
Cael knelt down to get closer. "I'm here. You okay?"
Jake's features scrunched together. "Head hurts. Lady is loud."
"Lady? Is that what you hear?"
"She's crying and screaming." Jake squeezed his eyes shut.
Kiene leaned over Cael's shoulder. So it was the ghost, had to be. "Do you hear her right now?"
Jake shook his head on the pillows and opened his eyes again. He smiled sloppily. "Hey, Kiene." 
Warmth blossomed in her chest, pleased he was glad to see her, though he still looked completely out of it. 
"Do you hear her now, Jake?" Cael repeated her question.
Jake broke the connection of their gaze and Kiene felt suddenly alone. "No. Not right now." He pinched the skin between his dark eyebrows. "But man, she was screaming so hard I thought my head was gonna implode. Ghost has a wicked set of lungs on her."
Cael smiled. 
"We thinking some kind of vengeful spirit instead of a demon?" Jake's eyelids lifted a little, still not completely open.
"Or both," Kiene said. "The thermal readings were too hot around here. Spirits don't cause that. A demon had to have at least passed through…assuming it's still not here." 
"So we check out both." Cael stood, paced across the room. "Spirit first. Best guess, she's what killed those vics, attached to them somehow, made them crazy—I don't know—they went to that house, probably heard the weeping and followed it into the trees just like Jake and now they're dead."
Cael stopped pacing, looked at his older sibling.  
"The hyssop will keep any spirits out. I'll dab it at each corner of the room." Kiene knew Cael was worried. "We're not going to find any answers on the computer."
The young tracker's frown deepened. "I know." He didn't move.
Kiene sighed. "Take a quick shower, I'll order up some breakfast. By then the records facility in this town should be opened."
"Library," Jake corrected, one side of his lip curled in amusement. "I'll come with."
"No," both Cael and Kiene said.
"What?" Jake pulled up to rest on his elbows. "I'm not going to stay here."
"Yes, you are." Cael folded his arms over his chest. "Until we know who this spirit is and what she wants, you're on lockdown."
"That's stupid." 
"Look. She's attached to you somehow, already got into your head, so you're not going anywhere." 
Jake rolled his eyes. "So what? I'm supposed to let you go off and face down the crazy crying ghostie without back up? No way." 
"I'm just going to county records." Cael lifted his hands in exasperation. 
Kiene looked back and forth between the boys. 
Jake's Adam's apple bobbed. "Fine." He jabbed a finger in the air toward Cael. "But that's it. You bring back what you find and we'll go from there." 
"That was the plan." Cael grabbed up his pack and headed toward the bathroom, muttering, "Jeez, dude. Wanna hold my hand next time I have to cross the street too?" 
"I heard that." Jake tossed a pillow, missing the closing bathroom door. 






Five



Keeping the volume low, Kiene flipped through the television channels, every now and then pausing at a station that caught her interest. Usually enthralled by humankind's most common form of entertainment, her focus kept straying to Jake, slumbering fitfully in her bed. 
He'd been out for hours since they'd eaten breakfast and she'd tossed her keys to Cael. The young man's eyes practically strained out of his sockets at the thought of taking off in her pretty little Porsche. She wasn't actually sure she would have been able to get him to leave his brother otherwise. The Gillant's had some serious trust issues.
She glanced back over at Jake to find him gazing blearily at her. 
"Oh, hey. You're up."
He didn't say anything, just stared at her through red-rimmed eyes. 
She vacated the chair to get him a glass of water and brought it over to him, his gaze tracking her the entire time.
"Jake?" 
Something wasn't right. There was always some form of emotion whenever he looked at her—usually annoyance, sometimes on the verge of something else she couldn't quite decipher—but he'd never before watched her with this…void. 
It was eerie. She wanted to snap him out of it. "Hey." She jostled his shoulder. 
He sprang. 
Quick as an eel, he grabbed her wrist, rolling her backwards as they both tumbled to the floor. Water spilled over them. The glass in her hand broke as it slammed against the wall. He pinned her to the carpet, his eyes no longer vacant, but wild and disoriented. 
A jingle for toothpaste sang from the television beneath their heavy exhalations.
"Jake!" Kiene shoved up against his hands trapping her wrists. Part mortal, he shouldn't be any match for her in strength, at least that's what she'd heard, yet he seemed to be managing just fine. Her pulse thrummed hard through her veins. "Jake, snap out of it!"
His eyes flicked up to a spot on the floor just over her head. Kiene wrenched her neck to see what had captured his attention. The jagged bottom of the broken glass. It looked like a small crystal crown of razor points. 
In one fluid move, Jake let go of her, grabbed the glass and plunged it toward his heart. 
"No!" With the speed of her kind, Kiene shoved his arm forward on its path, making him miss his bare chest. The glass blazed across his shoulder and flew out of his hand. 
As though it was the most important thing in the world, Jake twisted after it, scrabbling on all fours across the carpet. 
Heart roaring, Kiene leaped onto his back. He was scaring the crap out of her, so intent on harming himself. There's no way she was letting him get that broken piece of glass. "Jake! No! Stop it! Jake!" 
He rolled her beneath him, but she wiggled out, grabbing his legs as he went for the broken glass again. He slapped out, attempting to peel her off, but she held firm, lunging up from her knees to stop him. They rolled in a tangle of arms and legs. Kiene's head thumped on the carpet. No more games. She threw a fist toward his jaw, wincing as his head rocked back and threw a leg over his hips, shoving him over.
Straddling his waist, Kiene blocked his flailing arms. Gods he was strong, but sloppy, uncoordinated in whatever daze had a hold of him. She slapped him, hoping to knock him back to his senses. "Jake!" 
Fingers gouged into her arms, plunged into her hair. She could hear it ripping from her scalp. 
Ow ow ow ow! Her neck was being pulled sideways. "Jake!"  She really didn't want to do this, but he was leaving her no choice. Grabbing his head at the temples, she lifted and then slammed his head on the floor. Once. Twice. His beautiful eyes rolled back into his head and his hands dropped, pulling her down as fingers dragged in her hair. 
"Sorry. Sorry. I'm so sorry." She smoothed a palm down his still cheek, almost expected the heat of fever, though he was merely sweaty and warm from exertion. Blood smeared across his shoulder and arm from where the jagged glass had scraped across him. 
Kiene glanced at the broken glass, rocking on the floor a foot away and a knot pulled tight in her belly. She shied away from the image of Jake trying to plunge that into his heart. She pushed sweaty hair back from his smooth forehead. What was going on?


~~~


Cael stepped out of the hotel elevator with bags from the deli down the road from county records when his cell phone vibrated in his pocket. Shuffling the bags into one hand, he pulled his phone out and read the display.
Jake.
He grinned, relieved that his brother must be awake and okay and probably bored from being cooped up inside. Cael placed the cell to his ear. "Jake."
"You need to get back here." Kiene was on Jake's phone, worry coating her tone.
"I'm just down the hall." Cael shoved the phone back into his pocket and took off running. The door yanked inward as he got there with Kiene standing inside, looking like she'd gone ten rounds with a cyclone. Her clothes were askew and her hair fluffed out. 
"What happened?" he asked, rushing past the girl to see what was going on with his brother. 
Jake lay unconscious on the floor, hands tied together and to one leg of the overstuffed chair with strips of a torn towel. Another downy strip kept his ankles together. Watery blood dribbled from his shoulder where a jagged line ran across it. Next to Jake sat his cell phone and the ice bucket with a pink-tinged towel draped across it. Kiene had obviously stopped washing the blood from the wound when she went to open the door. 
Cael dropped the sandwich bags on the bed and lowered to his brother's side, inspecting the wound, and asked again, "What happened?"
"The hyssop isn't keeping whatever has a hold of him out of the room. He woke up, or at least I think he did. He wasn't himself. He tried to jam that glass—" Kiene pointed to a sharp-pointed bottom half of a glass on top of the tall TV cabinet. "—into his chest."  
Cael recoiled.
Kiene paced back and forth between the side of the bed and the chair, shoving her tousled hair back from her face in agitation. "He wouldn't stop. I had to knock him out. Had to tie him up. I couldn't lift him onto the bed." She glanced down at Jake, her throat working.
Cael got up, walked around his brother and grabbed Kiene by the arms to stop her pacing.
She hissed sharply. 
Brows rising, Cael lifted the short sleeves of Kiene's shirt up a bit where the early stages of dark bruises the shape of oval finger pads were forming. 
"Kiene." Cael felt ill and knew Jake would feel worse about it when he came back to his senses. "Are you hurt anywhere else?"
She brushed her sleeve down and his hand away, features pinching with annoyance. "No. I've been banged up worse during training. What are we going to do about Jake?" 
"Get him on the bed for one thing." 
"No kidding, professor."
Cael lifted a brow, unaccustomed to Kiene like this. Apparently she and Jake had more in common than they thought. They both covered worry with snapping sarcasm. 
"What'd you find out?" Her fists rode up her hips to her waist where they planted themselves in a challenging pose relaying you-better-have-found-out-how-to-fix-him. 
"Not much. Help me get him on the bed." Cael untied the strips from the chair leg. "There were only three suicides within the late 1800s, early 1900s—that there were records of. A dozen deaths that looked suspicious." He had notes on a folded paper in his back pocket to go over again. 
"This is more than we can handle. I don't want to leave long enough to go to Karavel and get help." Good, because the last thing Cael wanted was more Anointeds around to muck things up. They'd just go after the thing without worrying about how it was attached to Jake. Killing the thing would be the priority, not sparing the life of a half-blood if it meant getting the job done. Kiene's features were scrunched tight. "You should call your dad."
He wanted to more than anything, had already tried on the way back from county records. "He's in New Zealand. The entire squad is and I haven't been able to get hold of him. Wouldn't get here in time anyway."
Kiene's eyes widened at the declaration. She looked at Jake while she pulled herself together. "What are they tracking?"
Cael lifted Jake from beneath his shoulders while Kiene took his legs and they carried him to the bed. "Don't know. Dad didn't say much before they left. I got the feeling he wasn't exactly sure what they were dealing with yet either. Whatever it is, it was on a killing spree." Cael checked Jake's bindings, making sure there was enough circulation. He hated this. He didn't want to have to secure his brother to the bed, but… Cael's gaze strayed over the cuts on Jake's shoulder. If he had plunged that glass into his heart… He swallowed against the dryness in his mouth. 
"Cael?"
Jake's eyelids fluttered.
Cael sat on the bed, hip next to Jake's. "Hey. You with us?"
Black lashes lifted, revealing glassy green orbs. His brows creased as his hands tried to pull apart. "Loud. Make her stop." His gaze slid to him like a plea. 
"You hear her now?" 
Jake brought his bound hands up to cover his face. 
Cael pulled them back down. "Jake, talk to me. What's happening?" 
Jake's head rolled on the pillow. He tried wrenching his hands apart, angled his fingers toward his temples.
Cael covered his ears for him, pressing his head tight between his palms and leaned close over his brother. "Is she here now?" He glanced back at Kiene standing at the end of the bed. "Get the hyssop oil."
Jake's back arched, tremors rode through him. "She's screaming. She's so loud. The water's bloody. Guh, shut up!"
"Water? Jake?"
"Shut up! Shut up! Just stop, quit washing—"
Cael pressed Jake's head tighter, hoping the pressure helped. "Just hang on, man. Ride it through." 
Oil dropped onto Jake's forehead as Kiene shook the little bottle over him and Jake sagged back, mouth open in harsh breathing, skin flushed and sweaty.
Cael's heartbeat thundered in his head, sifting through what had just happened. Unknowingly, Jake had just given him their best clue.






Six



"I think I know what this is." Swiveling off the bed, Cael grabbed the iPad off the desk and sank into the chair, his leg bouncing while he waited for the tablet to power on. 
"What is it?" Kiene sank onto the arm of the chair, leaning close to see into the screen.
He typed bean nighe into the search bar. 
"A banshee?" Kiene questioned. "How do you figure?"
"Jake said she was washing." 
Frowning, Kiene shook her head. 
"Look. Banshees are sometimes called washers at the ford. They hang around deserted streams and wash blood from the clothes of those who are about to die." 
Kiene's hand curled onto Cael's bicep. "Is Jake?"
Cael jolted. "No," he snapped a little too brittle. "No. I don't think she's foretelling it. I think she's causing it." 
The webpage loaded to an artist's rendition of an old woman in a wispy green gown and long grey hair with a veil covering her hollowed out features. Cael scrolled down to the article. 
"There's butt-loads of legends about them from all over the world. Bean sidhe, bean nighe, siths. They show up as beautiful young woman or sometimes old hags, sometimes naked carrying a bowl of blood. Could be a fairy, could be a ghost."
"Then how do we narrow down what version we're dealing with?" Exasperation coated Kiene's voice. 
"Jake already did." Cael brought up a link that showed a drawing depicting a woman bent over a blood-stained cloak of a Scotsman's plaid. Her shoulders were curled inward in sorrow. Long silver hair flowed over the scrubbing board and into the flowing stream. "We're dealing with a spirit. A very powerful, very insane spirit." 
"You know this how?"
Cael tapped the iPad and Kiene read, "…spirits of women who either died giving birth or were murdered."
"Or whose murder was made to look like a suicide," Cael interrupted.
Kiene met his gaze before continuing reading. "These poor souls are doomed to wash the blood of the dying…" She stopped, sat back. "A bean nighe then. You think this is the ghost of some woman who was murdered?"
"Yep. Her death was probably made to look like a suicide."
"That's good. Cael, that's the best news ever. Spirits are easy to get rid of." 
Cael glanced up at her. "Not after they've morphed into a banshee. Even if we could pinpoint who the woman was and what's keeping her spirit earthbound, a woman who has become a banshee is a whole other entity. I'm not sure they have any humanity left or remember who they once were. Talking her down isn't going to cut it." 
"But she's attached to Jake?" Kiene flung off the chair arm and went to the bed, taking a defensive position near the unconscious tracker. "How do we get rid of her before she makes Jake—?" Her skin paled. 
Shaking his head, Cael clicked on another link, hoping to find answers. "I have no idea."


~~~


Gregor had it all under control. 
He strode across the chipped and dirty tiles of the abandoned grocery store in the lower west side of Milwaukee. Demons glared at him, their hatred and distrust as strong as the watery auras swirling around their otherwise human forms that only superior beings such as the Anointed could see. To a mortal, demons looked like anybody else, which made mankind such easy prey—completely defenseless to the wiles of demonkind—be it as snack food or a plaything to be manipulated into eternal damnation. Hell did run on tormented souls after all.
As far as Gregor was concerned, the demons were welcome to as many souls as they could acquire. Humans were nothing more than pathetic, vulnerable land fish, freshly crawled out of the primordial ooze who were undeserving of the protection his forbears had sworn to uphold. The time of Anointeds hiding in the shadows and saving humanity from their own luckless folly was at an end. 
One of the demons launched herself toward the young demon tracker, her bare feet slapping across the floor as she hustled alongside his long strides. 
She practically purred in his ear, her breath hot on his neck. "Your scent intoxicates."  
He shrugged her off. Vile creature. More of the demons crept away from the empty stock shelves to follow in his wake, pressing close. A burly demon with arms like oil barrels stepped into his path. 
"You've got large ones to walk in here, Anointed." The last was said with a sneer.
Gregor shoved past him, but the demon grabbed his shoulder and spun him around, face pressed down into his. "We don't need you, little Anointed. We'll breach Karavel's bridges without you. Though you will make a handy pre-war meal. Keep up our energy as it were."
The demons surrounding Gregor laughed.
Gregor shook his arm out of the demon's grip. "Yeah, and how's that going for you? Gotten past the wards into Karavel how many times in the past thousand years?"
The chuckling stopped. The demons glared sullenly at him.
Gregor brushed off his arm. "That's what I thought. Where's Jarlaith?" 
As expected, no one answered. Turning his back on them as the chaff they were, Gregor strode toward the back of the grocery store where the offices were. 
Jarlaith sat behind a metal desk, glancing up from an old computer screen as Gregor entered. Gregor grinned at the transformation. He'd first found Jarlaith months ago, bleeding hands and covered in muck from his climb out of the Hell-hole the small hellhound had dug. Gregor had dispatched the hellhound forthwith and waited for whatever demons followed the hapless mutt from the pits as the tunnels the beasts burrowed were one of the rare ways out of Hell.
Now Jarlaith exuded the same kind of demeanor and attire of the very Anointed Administers Gregor vowed to replace. None of the Anointed would be the wiser when the demon army in his pocket poured into Karavel and wiped out the governmental arm. Of course Gregor would be there to save the day, his own merry little band of demon tracker initiates would cut off the demons exit and extradite them at will—a part of the plan Jarlaith wasn't privy to. The Anointed leadership naturally would fall to him and he would lead them out of the realms of obscurity. 
The plan was simple and brilliant as long as Jarlaith could hold the self-serving bickering demons together as a viable force long enough to assassinate the Administers. The demon army could self-destruct after that, would be better for his purposes if they did.
Gregor slumped into the chair opposite the demon in charge, taking on a casualness he didn't feel. "Are those designer frames?"
Jarlaith's eyes glinted behind the lenses of the glasses. "Computer screens take a toll on the vision."
"How long 'til we're ready to proceed?"
"Anxious, youngling?" A haughty brow lifted, mocking. 
Gregor hated the demon, would enjoy shoving ice down his throat when the time came and watch the heated blood explode through his hot demonic veins.
Jarlaith merely grinned. "Demons are flocking like birds at the chance of finally getting into the Anointeds' home turf." He leaned forward. "They're quite zealous about it. I fear there won't be much left for you to rule over once they've finished with the capital." The demon's lips twitched upward.
The uncomfortable feeling that Jarlaith knew exactly what he planned washed through Gregor. They both knew the other could not be trusted, had made it a contest of sorts over who would prevail once the demons entered Karavel. Gregor intended it to be him. The Anointed would always prevail over demonkind. He met Jarlaith's gaze squarely, schooling his features. 
Jarlaith continued with his report as though the silent face-off between them never occurred. "I have units in New York, Scranton, Santa Fe, and Oakland, close to fifty demons each with more assembling daily. We'll be ready to breach four different pass-throughs the moment you're able to clear the way." 
A swell of anticipation bubbled up through Gregor's chest. He envisioned himself leading the Anointed into a new beautiful era. 
The demon steepled long fingers together. "I've made tremendous headway on my part of the bargain. What of yours?"
Gregor knew he was talking about the Gillant brothers. Somehow the two half-breeds had royally pissed Jarlaith off and the demon wanted payback. Gregor had issues with the screw-ups himself and was only too willing to oblique. Especially regarding the little snot-nosed Caelen. Idiot kid had stumbled into the Sons of Promise's earlier training exercises two years ago and nearly exposed the inclandestine group for what it was before it had fully grown to fruition. As it was, Gregor's father had left him in the dark closest with the barbed chain digging into his thighs for an entire evening as punishment for being sloppy during a training accident—unbecoming of an Administer's son. 
Gregor rolled his eyes, imagining the surprised look on his father's face once he discovered what he had really been putting into play all those years ago. If dear old dad survived. Eye to the future, Father. 
Gregor turned away from Jarlaith's expectant gaze, feigning interest in the scars on his knuckles. "I know exactly where the brothers are and can snatch them up at a moment's notice."
Jarlaith merely blinked. The demonic strands of light swirled around him.
A realization came to Gregor. "You know where they are as well."
Jarlaith leaned back in his chair and took his glasses off and laid them on the desk. "Little town east of Florence. Laid a special trail down for them myself."
A demon just had to tromp around a bit and thermal readings would pick up activity. "Why go to the trouble? Why not take them there?"
"Why haven't you?" Jarlaith countered.
Because Gregor needed Celalundria in Karavel when the demons attacked, not out looking for your precious half-mortal sons. 
Jarlaith didn't wait for a response. Either he already suspected the answer, didn't really care, or just admired the sound of his own voice. "They're mice to my cat. I want to see them in action, weigh their worth, toy with them a bit." He shrugged. "I'm interested to see how they fare against a Banshee. It's possible only one will leave South Carolina unscathed. During my encounter with them, they were clearly protective of each other." Jarlaith pursed his lips together in a mock frown. His eyes sparkled. "Poor little half-blood boys. I fear the loss of one will break the other." 


~~~


"…can't go alone."
"No choice."
"At least try your dad again…"
"Wouldn't get here in time."
Quiet voices rolled across Jake, a welcome difference to the woman who'd been screaming in his head for decades. He blinked his eyes open to the dim interior. The only source of light came from the lamp on the other side of the room. Groggy, he turned toward the hushed sounds.
Cael and Kiene stood near the door, talking in hushed whispers. Cael wore dark jeans and a black T-shirt, the way he dressed when they went out on a nighttime job. His fingers curled loosely around the strap of the equipment pack on his shoulder. He looked like he was about to walk out the door—without him.
Jake rasped out his brother's name like broken glass grating across asphalt. He shifted to get up and found his arms immobile, stretched above his head. The hell? Tugging proved his arms were bound tight with ripped-up terry-cloth no less. Which didn't make sense. Kiene and his brother were right there. Why would he be tied up? 
"Cael," he said again, going for more volume this time, yet his voice still came out rougher than a toad's croak. 
Kiene's and Cael's faces both turned toward him.
Cael was at his side in seconds. "Hey. You with me this time?"
"Yeah." Jake pulled against the bindings and pain fluttered up through his shoulder. That was new. Glancing down he saw the bandage taped to his skin. "Wanna step off the kink train and untie me?" 
"Jake," Cael huffed, but didn't make a move to loosen the towel strips at his wrists. 
Jake noted the stiffness to Cael's shoulders, the tightness to his mouth. "What's going on?"
Kiene stood behind Cael. "You tried to kill yourself. Twice."
"What? No. I wouldn't do that." 
"I know." Cael ran a hand back through his hair. "Of course we know that. It wasn't you, but…" Kid's eyes were flitting around, landing everywhere but on Jake. He shook his head. "I'm going to fix it, okay. We know what it is now, and…you're gonna be okay. You're not hearing the keening right now, are you?"
"Keening?" What the hell kind of word was keening? Oh, gods. He should have known. "Banshee?"
Cael finally met his gaze. Crap. So not good.
"Please tell me that brainiac head of yours figured out how to stop it."
"I…I'm going to take care of it." Which was code for I'm winging it, man. 
"Cael, no." Jake pulled at his bindings, twisting on the bed. His younger brother was going out there to face a banshee alone just hoping that something he tried worked. "Untie me and we'll do this together."
"Uh—give you a weapon so she can make you turn it on yourself? Not happening." Cael lunged away from the mattress and as fluidly Kiene took his place, watching the exchange with a distraught expression. 
"Then take Kiene with." Desperation coated Jake's tone. He did not have a good feeling about this. "Cael, do not go alone!"
Cael opened the door, pausing to glance back over his shoulder. "I'll be okay." And walked out the door.  






Seven



"Kiene, untie me. You untie me right now." 
"You know I can't do that." 
"Please. Cael's going to get himself killed."
"I—" He saw the hesitation in her eyes, the worry. Dammit, Cael really didn't have much of a plan and she knew it. She'd probably never have let the kid go off on his own either if whatever had happened to him hadn't freaked them both out so much. 
"Kiene, I'm in my right head now. No crazy screaming banshees. You need to let me go so I can help my brother."
Her palm slid over his wrists, lingered. Jake stilled, waiting for her to release him. She shook her head. "I want to, believe me." 
Jake raised his head up. "He's just a kid. He needs me."
"He needs you to stay alive," she snapped. "Jake, you tried to stab a broken glass into your heart." Blue eyes blazed.
Jake quieted, searching her features for the exaggeration, even knowing Kiene never embellished for flights of fancy. It had to have been bad for her usually cool demeanor to have cracked so hard. And another thing: if he had tried to stab himself, was intent on it, he would have succeeded. 
He studied the girl sitting at the side of the bed anew, noticed the dark circles beneath her eyes, the disheveled hair and wrinkled shirt. He couldn't remember a time when she didn't look the epitome of smooth tailored Anointed calm. A dark worm of doubt slithered around in his belly. "Did I hurt you?"
She looked away. Answer enough. 
Jake's mind whirled through a thousand scenarios, none of them good. He hated the thought of being so out of his head that he didn't know what he was doing—couldn't remember doing it or controlling it—damn supernatural beings were bad enough when they weren't jacking with your brain. Vulcan mind-melding was crossing the line. 
He wasn't anywhere cool that the banshee was out to make him hurt himself, but he figured he had enough mind over matter self-control, now that he knew what was going on, if he felt that overpowering desolation start to hit, he could stop, handcuff himself or something until it passed—and still be able to provide back-up for Cael, but… his gaze raked down Kiene's slim form, the hunched shoulders like she was trying to pull into herself. He couldn't take the chance on hurting her. 
Which he suspected had already happened…or close to it. Except for being out of sorts, she didn't appear to have any injuries, but if she and Cael felt the need to tie him down… Jake's throat worked, trying to swallow past the dryness of his mouth. 
"Okay."
"Okay?" Kiene's eyes ticked down to his.
"Keep the ropes on." He twisted his wrists around the terry-cloth. "Or whatever. I'll remain tied." Like he had any choice in the matter. Well, okay he did provided she took her eyes off him long enough for him to work on the strips binding his wrists together. Wouldn't be the first time. 
"But you go." He couldn't believe he was asking her that when he wanted her as far from this case as possible.
Kiene shook her head.
"Kiene, I'll be okay here. I will. But Cael's out there alone."
"I know." Her palm struck the mattress, obviously as frustrated as he was with the situation. "Cael was adamant that someone stay with you."
"I'll bet he was."
Kiene smiled weakly, trying to be brave for him. "Do you want some water?"
He wasn't swaying her. "I want my brother safe."
"You think I don't?" She swung off the bed so quickly her hair flew around her shoulders. "But right now you're in more danger than he is."
"I'm n—"
"You are!" Her shoulders lifted with a huge shuddering breath. 
"What happens when that she-witch screams at Cael? That's all it takes, Kiene, one top-of-her-lungs scream and the kid's banshee goo. I can't believe he went off without me. And you let him."
"Let him? I'm not the one who let the banshee get the drop on me in the first place. I can't believe you're turning all this into my fault now. Just like—" Her eyes widened, shocked at what she'd almost let slip. The accusation coated the charged air between them.
"Just like…?" Jake prodded, already knowing what she cut off, but his worry coated everything in anger too sharply to pull back and leave it alone. Dammit, Cael. He better be playing it safe, figure out how to kill the banshee without getting close. 
Kiene turned away, her spine ramrod straight as she marched to the sink to get some water. Her eyes blazed as she came back and sat on the bed with the water. 
Jake lifted his head to drink, noting she brought one of the paper coffee cups instead of one of the short cups made of glass. 
She put the cup to his lips and tilted it for him. 
He shifted his head when he finished and stared up at her. "I never blamed you."
Her gaze sought his, remained as though searching for the truth. She still held the cup at an angle. Water dropped onto Jake's bare chest, trickling down toward his navel.
Kiene glanced away, her gaze flitting about the room until she came back to him. "But the way you looked at me. After. I thought…"
A new surge of anger flushed through Jake at the memory. He knew the moment. He'd just found Cael, barely coherent and beaten by Gregor and his crony cohorts, and was carrying his battered brother out of the forest at the farthest edge of the training academy when Kiene came rushing around a broad tree. 
Even though she was Gregor's girl, Jake had been so shocked that she was there, that she was a part of it, he'd snarled at her to get out of his way. His features must have revealed the same turmoil he felt inside that all lashed out at her. 
And while he sat vigil at Cael's side—when the healers didn't chase him away—Kiene approached him, tried to explain how she hadn't known what Gregor was up to, didn't like how secretive he'd become and had left the dormitory on her own to see what he was up to. She'd only arrived when she came upon Jake and Cael. But Jake hadn't wanted to hear it then, too furious and anxious to listen to her, so he shut her out and soon afterwards, he and Cael were gone, leaving Karavel for good to live in the mortal world with their mortal dad where so-called protectors of humanity didn't stake out half-blooded fourteen-year-olds as bait for monsters. 
Jake's chest heaved up and down, his arms straining against his bonds. Three years later and the thought of what happened to his brother—how close they'd been to losing him—still had the power to shred his insides to buckets of quivering organs. 
"I don't blame you for that," Jake said again, needing Kiene to believe him. "I never did. I just…" He shook his head, feeling vulnerable while she stared down at him, saying nothing. "Cael was hurt bad and I wasn't thinking clearly. I know you'd never…"
"Shhhh." Her cool palm slipped onto his cheek. Kiene's eyes had darkened, her lips parted on a soft gasp and Jake's blood warmed, streaming like fire through his veins as the girl lowered to him, wisp-light lips tracing over his forehead, his nose, his mouth.
The rest of the water spilled over him and Jake growled low in his throat at the coolness splashing his heated chest.
Kiene pulled back. "I've wanted to do that forever."
"Get back here." Jake strained his head upward, his wrists pulling against the damn terry-cloth. 
Grinning wickedly, Kiene plunged downward, her mouth impatient this time, devouring his. 
He kissed back, matching her intensity, wanting this, wanting her. It'd always been her. Her hands slid along his torso, feeling the bumps of his ribcage, driving him crazy. He yanked against his bonds, desperate to pull her closer, feel the silk of her skin. She moved to the dip between his neck and jaw, hot mouth and cool breath streaming over him. 
Letting his head fall back to the pillow, Jake gave into her exploration until her hand moved over the bandage taped over his collarbone, stilled. 
She drew herself up, staring at the gauze, at the seeping blood. Her hair fell to each side of her puzzled face like curtains. 
"I…" She pushed up farther, scooting back, her hip toward his knee. Her eyes snapped up toward his wrists and her face reddened. "I shouldn't have done that."
"Not complaining here." No, no, no, no. The last thing he wanted was for her to pull further away from him.  
The hard line of her lips softened and a new stream of warmth poured through Jake at what those lips had been doing to him. 
"It's just not the right time." She had him there. "Our emotions are too keyed up with everything."
True. Jake frowned, wondering how much was just being keyed up on her part. 
He was about to say something flippant when she smiled. "Try again when Cael gets back?" Her face reddened even more. "I mean, not while Cael's here, but, you know, after we know he's safe…and you're safe…and it's over and…" She groaned and spun off the bed, stomping to the other side of the room where she just stood there with her arms folded beneath her breasts. For a moment Jake thought she might actually start banging her head against the wall.
He started laughing, the lightness of it easing the tightness of his chest. She looked back over her shoulder at him.
"Absolutely." He knew the grin he gave her was nothing short of cocky. "I'll even buy you dinner first."


~~~


Cael didn't have many options. As far as research went, there wasn't any way to kill a banshee. They were permanent parts of the supernatural world that you just hoped you didn't come across—and prayed hard that you didn't hear her cry.
Parked in front of the ancient house where they'd first thought they'd tracked a demon, he folded the back of the jeep's tailgate down. A light rain splattered droplets across the back of his T-shirt. Man, had they gotten it wrong. Not a demon at all, but a banshee. Once this was over, he'd have to research what kind of wave lengths and infrared banshees put out that were so similar to a demon's trail. As trackers they'd need that information for future hunts. He wondered briefly if this was something the Anointeds were taught that he and Jake had missed out on due to their abrupt departure from Karavel and their studies. Except Kiene had tracked the banshee as a demon as well. 
The dark house loomed against the night sky in shadow. Cael rummaged through the old army issue foot locker they kept in the back of the jeep for their more unusual supplies. He pulled out the coffee tin they kept religious relics in, sifting through a few saint medals, an ankh, and a star of David, for the little Celtic cross. It was a long shot, but one site mentioned that placing the cross over thresholds or beneath pillows could hold off the banshee's curse for a while. He wished he'd left one with Jake. 
He hooked the little cross around a long dog-tag chain and dropped it around his neck. Couldn't hurt. He paused to peer into the gloom. The sensation of being watched prickled across the back of his neck. Good. He wanted—needed—the banshee to be around. 
He also needed to get close enough without getting caught in her curse.
Cael ran his teeth across his bottom lip and rummaged through the foot locker for the earplugs they used when practicing at the firing range. Every now and then dad and the guys of the 666 Squad brought them onto the base and let the boys test their skills against the Rangers. 
He frowned at the set of earplugs, thinking hard. He couldn't be sure the plugs could protect against a banshee's wail. They didn't totally block out gunshots either, just muffled them. He also pulled out the headset-looking ear mufflers the guys working near running jet engines wore. 
Using either or both of these together was a risk. They just didn't cut out everything and who knew what frequency wavelength a banshee registered. It was better than nothing. He just wished he had a jet engine running nearby. You couldn't hear anything over that noise. 
Wait. His hands froze on the open lid of the foot locker. Of course. That's it. A laugh pooled inside his chest. He tossed the earplugs back into the box, keeping the mufflers and ran around to the side of the jeep, leaning in the window to get at the glove compartment. 
Please be charged up. 
Grabbing Jake's iPod, he powered it on. Yes! 
He placed the earbuds in his ears then settled the mufflers over the top of those and scrolled the volume up to the highest level he could stand without exploding his eardrums. 
With George Thorogood rasping about the day he was born, Cael walked around the side of the large house toward the shadowy line of trees. 






Eight


 
Kiene sat on the bed next to Jake, legs stretched out alongside his, pillows wedged between her back and the headboard as she flipped through channels on the television, not really watching anything. 
Jake had fallen asleep again. She toyed with untying his wrists while he was out to move them into another position and rub them for circulation, but she knew he'd wake up the moment she did. Couldn't risk it. 
For the thousandth time, she glanced at Jake's cell phone lying silent on the bedside table and willed Cael to call with the reassuring news that the banshee was stopped and he was okay. This waiting around was ridiculous. Not knowing what was going on grated across her already frayed nerves. She should be out there tracking this thing, figuring out a way to get rid of it. 
This was her first solo job dammit!
The Gillants would have to shove their way into her gig and Jake would have to go and get himself attacked by a make-you-go-crazy-and-hurt-yourself banshee. 
Her heart squeezed. Oh Jake.
She splayed her palm over his chest to monitor his even breathing, worry gnawing at her belly. He had to beat this thing. He could beat this thing. He had the strongest will of anyone she'd ever known. Her lips curved upward. Too strong at times. 
Jake Gillant was the most headstrong, stubborn, royal pain in the…and she'd kissed him. Gods, she couldn't help herself. Heat flushed through her veins thinking about it, about the way he kissed her back, all hunger and claiming. When she pulled away his eyes had zeroed in on her like he could clutch her back through magnetism and will alone. 
And hadn't that been about right?
What was she thinking? Letting her guard down like that? She was drawn to Jake like no one else before. Gregor never had such a pull on her. Gregor also didn't possess the power to break her heart the way Jake could. Inevitably would if she wasn't careful. 
She smoothed dark hair off his forehead. Who was she kidding? She was already fruit loops over the guy. Every time he came to Karavel and then left her again it hurt.  
Kiene edged off the bed, pulling away both physically and emotionally and practically ran to the bathroom where she splashed cool water over her face, fortifying her resolve. She stared at her wet face in the mirror.
She was Anointed, an honorable daughter descended from those ordained by the gods to challenge demons in their age-old battle to conquer humanity. Some of her fellow Anointed lost sight of their creed, believing that the time of the mortals was at an end, let the weaker race fend for themselves—better still, let the demons have them all—yet Kiene still believed in their cause and would protect mortals as long as there was even one willing to stand against the demons. 
She was a tracker. A damn fine one. 
She was not a silly little girl, pining for the slightest notice from one Jake Gillant—never mind how her heart sped up and heat raced across her skin every time he looked at her.  
Taking a steadying breath, Kiene stepped out of the bathroom and came face to face with Jake's chest. Before she could think, he shoved her back into the bathroom against the counter.


~~~


The wind picked up, tearing through the trees. Wet leaves kicked up beneath Cael's sneakers. The iPod switched to the next track and he flinched at Robert Plant's sudden wailing cry, mistaking it for the banshee. 
Blowing out on a shaky exhale, he braced himself. His heart pounded in rhythm with the staccato riff of Zeppelin's guitars. Sweat or rain water or both pooled between his palm and the splitter—and Plant crooned about the hammer of the gods driving ships forward.
The rain poured harder, riding the wind on a slant, soaking him to the bone as he walked against the thrashing air currents. The skin prickled at his neck and he spun around, nearly slipping on the wet leaf-litter to peer into the charged darkness behind him. 
It was eerie—dangerous—walking through a howling storm unable to listen to anything above the blasting music. In normal circumstances, not being able to hear movement in his surroundings could get him killed. 
But this circumstance was about as far from normal as it could get. 
Swinging back, he strode forward, determination thundering with each step, coiling his muscles when he saw the little stream, swollen with rain water and flowing more rapidly than it had before. 
Fingers curling harder around the shotgun—not that it was any good against a banshee—Cael followed the flow of water to the spot they'd found Jake lying face down in the dirt and glanced around. Except for the trees and vegetation, the area was empty. No screaming apparition. No washer woman. No sign of animal life either though that didn't mean much. With the rain shower they would have gone to ground anyway. 
She had to be here. His brother's life depended on it. 
Cael flung his hands wide, hoping to draw her out. "Come out and get me!" he shouted, unable to hear if his voice carried over the storm.
Nothing. 
Temptation to pull the mufflers and earbuds away rolled through him. He needed all his working senses. What if the woman's weeping flowed through the thicket right now, drawing him to her like she had Jake, but he missed it? 
One hand swept up to the headset, the other bringing the splitter forward. Resisting, Cael let his hand drop from his head, leaving the mufflers in place and followed along the stream. As a conduit for all things on the spirit wavelength, staying near the water was his best bet, especially looking for a fabled washer woman of the ford. 
Rain pelted him. His soaked T-shirt clung like a second skin. 
A chill colder than the rain skittered up his spine like frozen fingers. 
He spun back around and saw her.
Right there where he'd just been, where he and Kiene found Jake.
Her back to him, she crouched over a wooden bucket, her slim arms moved back and forth, scrubbing bloody jeans across the ridges of a slanted washing board. The wind whipped her silver hair around her slight form. Tremors ran through her. Her shoulders hitched up and down from obvious weeping that he couldn't hear behind the electric whine of Page and Bonham. 
Pulling the Celtic cross from around his neck, Cael held it out in front of him and edged toward her.
The gray gown billowed up in a sudden lift of wind. He eased forward, the cross nearly touching the back of the spirit's head. Leaves swirled between them. 
He leaned closer.
The woman disappeared. 
Cael stumbled forward, hitting his toe against the wooden bucket, making pinkish water slosh over the sides.
He spun, swiping the cross outward in an arc. 
The woman reappeared, her face inches from his neck, her mouth pulled back in a soundless scream.
He plunged the cross into her chest, his hand slipping through her insubstantial form and burying the Celtic symbol into her lungs and…nothing happened.
Eyes wide, Cael stared down at her and swung the splitter up, but before he got off a shot, the apparition's arm slammed forward and he sailed backwards, hitting against something solid—had to be a tree—and bounced to the ground, splitter and cross flying out of his hands. 






Nine



"Jake!"
How did he get loose? She never should have taken her eyes off him for a second. Kiene's butt squashed against the bathroom counter, her spine arcing back with the hard length of out-of-his-head Jake pressing into her. 
His sweaty chest moved up and down, pulling in hard ragged breaths. His lips were slightly parted, throat working and his wild eyes flitted about the small space, never landing long on any one thing. Until…
 Kiene knew the moment he found it though she doubted he even registered what he'd been seeking. Her purse.
Leaving her weapons bag safely locked in the trunk of the Porsche, the only other weapons in the hotel, besides Jake's knife she'd hidden behind the television cabinet, were her own knife and Glock she carried in her purse, which she'd purposely stashed on the tank of the toilet in the bathroom to keep away from Jake. Great job on that, she raked herself over the coals.
He lunged forward and she shoved him back with everything she had. The force rammed him out the door and into the wall hard enough the plaster cracked, startling herself. But no way was he going to get his hands on a weapon. 
She let the momentum carry her forward and flung her arm across his collar bones to hold him in place. "Jake! Stop it!" Her voice was guttural with fear. 
In a move she couldn't identify, Jake yanked her wrist forward, spinning her around in a smooth circle that shoved her out of his way. He lunged toward the bathroom again, but his human speed was no match for an Anointed who was scared out of her wits. 
Completing the spin he'd sent her on, Kiene dove in front of him, tripping him up and they fell forward, sliding on the bunching bathroom rug. As though she wasn't even there, Jake clamored over her, reaching up for the purse, but Kiene wrapped her arms around his hips, twisting her legs around his and hung on, keeping him on the floor. 
But even under a banshee's spell, the guy was determined. He stretched, knees digging against the floor, feet pressing against the tub and counter for stability while he twisted, trying to throw whatever was stopping him—which happened to be Kiene—off. Her elbow jarred hard against the tub, sending a streak of lightning through her arm, loosening her hold.
Jake's long body surged upward. No no, nuh-uh. Twisting around, Kiene grabbed hold of Jake's legs and pulled, wincing at the crack of his chin on the toilet's edge as he flew back, finger snagged in her purse strap and the contents of her bag spilled across the floor—cosmetics, phone, paperback, mirror, tissues, mints, knife… Gun.


~~~


Dazed, Cael blinked and struggled upward, one hand pushing against the pebbles at the bottom of the rushing stream. He made it to all fours and the banshee ripped him from the soggy ground. 
Slight though she was, she held him aloft like he weighed nothing. Her fingers dug into his head, substantial enough to do damage, thumbs curling into his temples. Cael swung out, arms passing through her head like water. How was that fair? Spirit matter trailed his arms, pulling from her face and shoulders, making her blur like an abstract painting. His legs bicycled in the air, finding even less to connect with. 
Rain slapped them. The wind flung the banshee's hair forward into Cael's face and then back again to stream behind her. 
The banshee lowered him toward her. Her pupils flashed red, flaming pinpricks he couldn't look away from. He struggled to get out of her iron grip. It was all so surreal, the storm lashing around them, pulsating drums and straining guitars screamed through the earbuds. The banshee's lips curled back in a snarl—no, in the beginnings of a scream.
The iPod gave a silent click, scanning to the next track. Suddenly the storm was in his ears. The wind wailed, rain pounded the ground and trees, making limbs snap and crack. 
A low vibration rumbled through his bones like an electrical current. The barest edge of a shriek assaulted Cael's head, blinding him to everything as the specter blurred in front of him and his vision grayed. The screech changed tone, pulsing through him…and was cut off abruptly by the opening drums of Breaking Benjamin's Evil Angel. 
Blinking out of the sudden stupor, Cael punched the banshee again with the same non-effect of passing right through her. Her mouth hinged impossibly wide with her keening shriek. But the music was working. As long as he couldn't hear her cry, it no longer had any effect on him. 
The banshee pulled him as close as a lover, mouth impossibly wide in a pulsing scream. Frigid breath washed over him. The vibrations rolled across his skin in tingles. Her eyes widened, the glow within them dulling and changing to brown as her brows pinched together in confusion.
Without warning, she hurled him to the side. He slammed to the ground like a rag doll, all floppy limbs and air pummeled out of his lungs. He heaved in a breath at the same time an invisible force flung him back, rolling him in the tumultuous air to land with jarring force in the stream. He blinked up at the woman standing demurely above him, her gown flapping around her, a smug smile curving her lip. 
He was in a crapload of trouble. The banshee didn't have to shriek him to death. She was more than strong enough to bat him around and let the trees and ground break him like a ball caught in a pinball machine. And he still didn't know how to get her curse off his brother.


~~~


Loud. So damn miserably loud. All Jake knew was that he had to get to that gun to make it all stop. It all had to stop. Everything. It would be okay then, everything would be just fine once he got the gun and made it all stop. 
His head hammered with the noise, every tendon of his being trembling and focused on getting hold of that weapon though he didn't understand why exactly that was so important—just that he had to. He couldn't think beyond anything past the painful assault in his brain.  
Yet something was trying to stop him, pulling, keeping him away from the shiny little pistol that meant everything. He kicked out blindly, hearing a pained exclamation that drilled down through the noise, shocking his senses. That shouldn't be right, should it? What was happening? He didn't understand what was going on.
A new surge of pain erupted behind his eyes, making the edges of his sight go dark and murky and he slammed his fists against his forehead, trying to press the agony away. Shut up shut up shut up! The urge to grab the gun, make it all go away intensified, crushing all other thought beneath grinding agony. Get the gun, it will stop. Nothing else was as important as getting the damn gun. Nothing else mattered.
With a roar of pain, Jake elbow-crawled forward, dragging the pulling weight wrapped across his legs with him. Vaguely, he heard other screams below the screech of the woman pulsating through his head. 
Shaking, he winced against it. Sweat dripped from his hair, caking his forehead as he stretched, cracking his bones, growling with effort and…
His hand curled over the pistol's cold metal.


~~~


Cael crashed headfirst into the bush, falling through thin pointy branches that snagged and tore through his clothes and skin. Twisting, gaining more scratches, he clawed out of the brush on all fours, scrabbling to get away from the furious banshee, the classical rock strains mimicking the wild thuds of his heart.
She was hurling him around like a shot-put. His battered body couldn't take much more. He still didn't know how to stop her and help Jake. Between being thrown around and rattling landings, he could barely think. He had to get out of here. Getting himself killed wouldn't help his brother. They needed another plan. 
He staggered to his feet and was immediately hauled backwards and slammed against a tree, the breath knocked out of him. Bark dug into his back. Pinned by nothing he could see, the banshee floated toward him and locked her hands around his throat, further choking off air. 
Red eyes bore into his, her face a gruesome husk of mottled rage. He grabbed for her wrists to pull her hands off him, but he couldn't get a hold, kept passing right through her arms like clawing through frigid streams of air. 
Black sparklers exploded across his vision, his lungs compressing to draw in life-saving oxygen. Benjamin Burnley crooned of surrender, surrender. 
The banshee's mouth opened wide, lips trembling in a scream Cael couldn't hear. Mist curled out of her throat, washing cold across his face like smoke blown from a cigarette. Blinking hard against both the eerie vapor and the rain water, Cael worried if seeing the scream was as deadly as hearing it, though with his vision fading and unable to pull in a breath, neither would be a problem much longer.
He felt his back slide against the tree, his strength waning, arms flopping to his sides with only the banshee's brutal hold dragging him up. His eyelids fluttered, obstinate determination to not give in the only thing keeping him conscious.
The banshee slapped out, snapping his head to the side. His teeth tore through his lip. Her nostrils flared, chest heaving up and down in frustrated pants and shoved him away. Cael hit the ground hard, the last of his air pummeled from his lungs. 
He rolled onto his back, sucking air into his swollen throat and saw a wall of leaves and branches crashing down on him. Rolling again, Cael scrambled away and more branches flew at him.
Crap, crap! Tired of batting him around the trees, the she-devil was throwing the trees at him! 
Crawling across mud and wet leaves, his hand fell upon the Celtic cross. He grabbed it up on a spin and an ancient log rammed into his side and plowed him across the ground, mud spraying his face, ripping the mufflers away from his ears and driving him into the shallow stream. His head banged against the washer woman's bucket. 
Coughing out water, he turned to his back at the same moment a mass of bark slammed down on him.






Ten


The shrieking ripped through Jake, tensing his shuddering muscles so tightly he thought they'd tear. He lay on his stomach panting, holding the gun—his prize—without knowing why or what was supposed to happen next. Something. It was crucial. 
A horrific whine punched through his skull and instinctively to protect himself against it, Jake brought his quaking hands back to his head. He barely felt the cold hard muzzle dig into his heated cheek, didn't realize his finger quivered near the trigger. 
"Jake. Listen to me." A soft voice floated to him, strained in fear. Kiene? 
He rocked onto his knees, scooting across the cold tile, cool metal pressed into the hollow of his cheek. He was friggin holding a gun to his head. Shaking, he couldn't let go, had to pull the trigger so the lady in his head would shut up. Shut the freakin hell up. This was all so wrong.
"Kiene?"  He spoke her name like a sob. Like a wounded animal. This was all so wrong. He just needed the banshee to stop screaming so he could think, figure this out. He moved the gun to his temple, hitting the side of the barrel over and over against his head as though he could beat the screeching out of his brain. 
Hands closed over his, trying to wrench the gun from his grasp.
No! He needed it. He had to stop the screaming. Had to! Lunging forward, he threw his attacker backward and fell over the top of it. Sprawled over the thing trying to yank his salvation away, Jake wrestled for the weapon. The banshee's shriek intensified, drilling a hole in his head. Everything went out of focus except for the shiny gun. But the monster wasn't letting go. He dragged the gun around, the other set of hands locked around it. He got the muzzle turned, burrowing into his chest. His finger pulled.


~~~


Everything hurt. Water gurgled and sputtered over Cael's legs. The wind shrieked, slapping slender branches from the tree fallen across him. Guitars whined from a distorted distance. He'd obviously lost the iPod in his desperate scramble and the music was blaring through the earbuds somewhere. 
Pushing up, Cael bit back a cry, a spike of pain radiating from his side, but the tree pressing on him lifted a bit. With effort he could scoot out. Where was the banshee? He looked around, craning his neck to see through the bouncing branches and leaves. The washing bucket sat tilted near his head, wind-whipped suds splashing over the side. 
He had to get out of here. Without the earbuds he had no protection against the banshee. Nothing. His splitter was out of reach under the fallen trees somewhere. He still had the little Celtic cross gripped tightly in his grasp. Great. He'd managed to hold onto the most useless thing.
Cael lifted his head and shoulders out of the mud, clenching his jaw against an abrupt flare of pain. Breathing through it, he dragged himself backwards, sloshing his hips through the water. Live to fight another day. He groaned, pulling his foot loose from—whatever it was that was pinning it. Tangled tree limbs he supposed. 
He almost had it free, would be able to scoot out from under the branches…if he could just twist his ankle…a…little…more…
The shriek drilled inside his head with the force of an electric screwdriver. His muscles clenched, spine went rigid. Shaking with effort, he clamped his palms over his ears. It was incredibly loud, stealing thoughts and images. All he could focus on was that keening screech. Resembling the moan of a woman and shattering glass, the sound pulsated into him, a possession of limb and heart, body and mind. He was helpless against it, constrained within a pressing barrage of noise and crushing vibration that closed around him, squeezing tighter and tighter like the coils of an anaconda.
He screamed, the slight sound torn away beneath the ratcheting keen in his head. If this was even half of what Jake had been going through, small wonder his brother had been out of his head batshit crazy.
Nuuh, Jake.
Cael couldn't give in to this. If he did, his brother would die. 
He pulled his eyes open, blinking through tears of effort. The banshee stood near his thigh, gray skirt flowing like incandescent smoke through the fallen tree. Tears streamed down her cheeks, no longer angry though her pupils sparked red and her mouth stretched in an elongated cry. 
He had to do something. He couldn't just let her keen at him until he passed out. 
Clenched muscles trembling, he lifted the cross toward her skirt, even knowing touching her with it hadn't helped before. Shaking his head as though that could pull him from the stupor, Cael suddenly twisted, stretching, screaming at the hitch in his side and plunged his fist, Celtic cross and all, into the washing bucket. 
And the shriek intensified a thousandfold. Cael bucked against the assault, every cell in his body on the verge of exploding. 
The water in the bucket churned, spitting outward. Cael plunged his hand in all the way to the bottom, his body curled over. The wind kicked up and the banshee screamed. Her hair billowed upward. Coils of snapping light crackled around her, slapping outward like whips. He flinched beneath each strike that hit him. The wet ground sizzled.
With a last deafening shriek, the banshee arched backward, her arms went limp and she dropped to the ground. The crackling light sputtered around her lax form and went out. 


~~~


The banshee's shriek intensified, shrilling through Jake's head with terrible strength and then abruptly stopped. 
Head pounding, he blinked rapidly in an attempt to right his vision. Slowly everything settled into a wavery view. 
He lay sprawled upon Kiene. Strands of hair stuck to her face, wet with sweat and tears. Her jaw was clenched tight and she suddenly wrenched the gun that was between them from his lax hands. 
"Don't you do it!" she screamed, tears spilling from her distressed eyes.
What had he done?
Jake pushed up onto his elbows, taking some of his weight off her, though he felt nauseous and weak. His palm slipped over Kiene's cheek, tracing the bruise at her temple. Her wince was a jolt to his gut. "Kiene?"
She pulled the pistol closer to her chest, cradling it with both hands, and blinked up at him. Her throat worked. 
"Are you…you?"
"Yeah." A muscle in his jaw ticked. "Yeah. I think so. Banshee quit screaming."
Kiene frowned, unconvinced. Her glassy eyes were unsure.
They stared at each other, taking inventory. Jake searched his brain for any lingering trace of the banshee. "Cael must have gotten rid of her." He stiffened. Cael. His kid brother was out there alone. "Where's my phone?" 


~~~


Entirely spent, Cael sagged back, his exhalations loud in his ringing ears and turned on his side to keep an eye on the banshee until he figured out what to do next. He wondered vaguely if he'd sustained any hearing loss or if the supernatural screaming had been more an attack in his head. Maybe he should be worried about loss of brain cells.
The banshee lay on her side, the long sweep of silver hair puddled around her face and shoulders like a satiny sheet. Cael could hardly believe plunging the cross in her bucket had worked.
Her shoulders lifted. Slender arms braced the muddy ground as the specter drew herself up, hair dragging over her face. Cael tensed, holding the cross so tightly the edges dug into his palm.
With one arm, she swept her hair from her face and stared at Cael. Tears pooled in brown eyes when she lowered her gaze to her wrists where long slashes bled. The blood dripped to the soil where they disappeared as steam. 
"I didn't do it." She shook her head, her voice soft and frightened with no lingering remnants of the banshee's pitch. "I didn't kill myself. I wouldn't leave my children."
"I know."
Her gaze jerked to him.
"I know," he told her again. Just a spirit now of a poor lost murdered mother, the job wasn't finished until she was at peace. He couldn't leave her here, lost and afraid, to become a washer of the ford again. "I believe you, but it's time to move on."
Trembling, she shrank back and shook her head. "My children—"
"Have been waiting for you." Technically he had no way of knowing the truth of that, but he knew they weren't here. 
She eyed him warily, doubt and hope and timid belief flashed across her features as fleetingly as shooting stars. Wind plucked at strands of her hair. The stream gurgled around them. Her gaze tracked around the trees she hadn't uprooted and came to rest at a spot beyond Cael's right side. 
She stared in disbelief, her features opened to so much hope and longing it was painful to witness. He looked to where she stared and saw nothing, jerking in surprise when the spirit suddenly scrambled forward, crying out in hesitant relief and dispersed into the air in a shower of water.
Beside him, the washing bucket dissolved, melting into the ground as though it had never been. 
Job complete, Cael sagged back. He felt sore all over and his energy was drained. He wanted nothing more than to call his brother and make sure Jake was okay, but for now he just needed to take a few breaths, ground himself, then worry about getting himself back to the jeep. 
"My, my, my—not entirely how I expected to find you, but works in my favor." 
Cael jerked his head to the side at the voice. A dark form strode toward him, shadow upon blackness, though the vapory strands flowing around the figure were startling bright. 
"Demon," Cael huffed through the tightness in his throat.






Eleven



The demon crouched down next to Cael, lips puckered. "You got rid of the banshee. Points for that, sport. Didn't think you had it in you." Eyes flicked over the mess of leaves and branches pinning Cael. "Looks like she didn't go before getting her licks in, which kind of leaves me with a dilemma." 
Cael blinked, a haziness crowding in at the edges of his vision. "Sucks for you." 
The demon's eyes crinkled and Cael was hit with a sudden déjà vu of those same pink-tinged eyes looking down at him. "We sent you back."
"Ah, recognition at last." The demon plucked a stray leaf off his polo shirt. "I was beginning to feel hurt. Yes, you and your smart-mouthed brother managed to drop me back into the hole." He leaned close, the heat of his forehead touching Cael's. "But you have to know there is more than one way out of Hell, golden child."
Cael twisted his face away. "So what's this? Revenge?" 
The demon suddenly leapt onto the downed tree, slamming it harder into Cael's ribcage. 
Cael sucked in a shocked breath, pain radiating through his abdomen and hip area. 
The demon bounced and it took everything Cael had to not cry out. 
"Revenge. Yes, that's exactly it." The demon jumped off the tree and Cael's body shuddered with the release of pressure. His lungs pulled heavily. The demon smoothed a palm along Cael's split lip and pulled back a blood-laced finger, staring at it as though he'd lost his train of thought. Cael's heart thundered in his ears. This was definitely not his day.
The demon shook himself and smiled down at him like a child with his hand caught in the cookie jar. "See. Here's the thing: I could just eat you now, leave enough carnage for your brother to find." He spread his hands. "That would be worth sticking around to watch. After all I am incredibly hungry…" 
The demon licked the blood on his finger, eyes closing in bliss as a tremor rolled through his shoulders. "You are delicious." His lips smacked together. "It's surprising. You'd think Anointed blood would be more than we can handle, much too sour, but I got to tell ya, yours…mixed with just the right dash of humanity…the perfect blend of sour and sweet. I've been craving it since I had that first taste of your brother." 
Cael really really did not want to be demon food. He pushed upward to his elbows, trying to throw off the tree and demon's weight. "Why don't you just kill me already?"
The demon wiped more blood from Cael's lip. Cael wrenched his head away and the demon smiled. "I could and believe me it is tempting, but what I have in mind is far more interesting." 
Cael froze. That did not sound good. 
The demon patted Cael's cheek. "You'll see." He tilted his head. "Well, if you can somehow figure out how to get out of this mess you've managed to get yourself into." Thick brows drew together into a sharp V. "Try hard. That'd be fairly embarrassing to get rid of a banshee and survive a conversation with a demon only to die of hypothermia because you couldn't untangle yourself from a little tree. Not to mention a waste of a warm meal for me." He clapped his hands together like a statement. "But you never know, I may end up having to toy with your brother all on his lonesome. That is if that pretty little thing kept him from offing himself back at the hotel. I'll tell you this, it was looking fairly dicey there for a while."
How could he know that? How long had the demon been watching them? Cael pushed back the dark edges trying to pull him under. The thermal readings, the low-definition wave patterns—all a neat little trail of a demon. Cael swallowed. It was getting harder to draw a breath into his heaving lungs. "You…you lured us here straight into the life-sucking shrieking of a banshee." 
The demon's expression lit up. "Bingo. Give the gent a prize."
"Why?" Cael couldn't make sense of this. "You get…your jollies...off of messin with Anointed?"
"Hellooo... Demon." The demon leaned close, making Cael fall back to the mud to get away though it didn't do any good. The demon hovered over him, his tongue lapped out over Cael's cheek, palms splayed casually across his thundering chest. His nose crinkled. "I just like playing with my food first, get it nice and tenderized."
Cael swallowed, seeing the lie for what it was. There was more to it. He glared up at the demon, mind racing. If he could get to the splitter, well, figure out where it was first…the ice round would take care of the demon.
The demon watched Cael thoughtfully. "Well, okay, you have me." He flicked Cael's nose. "Truth is, I am going to eat you. Make your brother watch as well, before I eat him." His lips twisted. The luminous demon snarls coiling around him flared. "Unless of course I eat him first and make you watch, but either way, it's going to happen. I'm patient."
"Why?" This demon was going down. Nobody threatened Jake. "Why wait?"
"Oo bravado. I like that." The demon lifted up, easing the pressure on Cael's stomach. "Let's just say we got plans. Nothing you need to concern your pretty little head over. I'll be back for you soon enough. But for now, how about a little taste? Maybe a finger for the road."
Out of nowhere, the demon produced a knife and grabbed Cael's hand. 
Crap no! Cael shoved at the demon and since he couldn't get out from under the tree branch, he twisted, diving beneath the branches instead. Branches scraped and gouged at his back. With a jerk, he wrestled his foot free and scrabbled between shaking limbs and across the stream to get away from the whacked demon. The knife plowed down through the branches in front of face.
"When I said I enjoyed playing with my food, this isn't what I had in mind."
Which was a really stupid arrogant thing to do, slashing the knife between tree limbs like that because it made it easy for Cael to… He slapped the flat of the blade between his palms and wrenched sideways, pinching the startled demon's fingers between the hilt and the branches and jerked the knife away. What he'd give for his kremloc dagger back in the jeep, but this would do. 
Spinning the knife, Cael jabbed the blade upward, feeling the satisfying slide into flesh and yanked the blade back. A yowl of pain exploded across the turbulent air and the branches shook harder, lifting and slamming with the demon's supercharged strength even as Cael elbow-crawled out of the thick of them. 
Lunging to his feet, he turned back, holding the knife in front of him in a defensive crouch.
The demon's eyes narrowed, fists slammed on narrow hips. "Fine. Keep your finger for now."
"This finger?" Cael shot him the bird.
"Cute." The demon glared across the mess of fallen branches and then suddenly his sneer cracked, mouth curled and his laughter boomed around the trees. 
Cael stared and shifted his weight to his back foot. He'd dealt with some pretty nasty monsters, but none of them gave him the skivvies like this whacked-out completely off-his-rocker demon. His dad always warned him that beasts—supernatural or otherwise—act on instinct, had patterns, but unpredictable crazy would get you every time and this SOB was certifiably crazy. 
"Raaaarr!" The demon feinted forward, arms up and fingers curled like claws.  
Cael flinched back, heart lodging in his throat and the hellspawn laughed some more.
"Ah, got you. This is fun. Well." Smiling, the demon folded his fingers together like a salesman closing a deal. With the speed only a supernatural being possessed, the demon bounded over the fallen trees and was in Cael's face, snarling, sharp teeth bared and all traces of joviality gone. 
Cael stabbed out. The demon stopped his hand in a bone-crushing grip. 
He leaned in, mouth hot against Cael's ear. "I'll…be seeing…you soon," he hissed and leapt into the trees, whipping Cael's head back, and bounded away like a freaking demonized Tarzan, leaving him alone with the wind and the muffled strain of guitars streaming through the iPod somewhere.


~~~


Jake sped down the road, the fact that he was driving, well, a Porsche nine-eleven GT3 didn't have the appeal it normally would. The only thing he cared about was that it was fast and was getting him to his brother. 
In the passenger seat, Kiene held onto the dashboard with a white-knuckled grip as the car bounced and swerved on the narrow dirt road, pitching her slight form around her seat.
"Get your seatbelt on," he barked at her.
"The wha…? Oh." Letting go of the dashboard with one hand, she struggled with pulling the belt across her, and then fumbled some more with clicking it together. Jake rolled his eyes. Anointed. Must be nice living in a dimension with low-impact hover-cars. 
He swerved around a huge pothole. Getting close to the ditch, water splashed across the windshield. 
"Come on, come on, pick up," he grumbled into the phone pressed to his ear. He'd been calling Cael since they ran out of the hotel, only getting the kid's voicemail. 
"Jake, we're here."
Good thing Kiene called out because with the rain and his jacked up nerves, he would have driven right by the turnoff. Fishtailing, he swung the Porsche onto the even thinner road, sliding on mud, and quickly correcting for it, straightened the car onto the road. Kiene's arms were locked tight against the dash. 
Jake pulled in front of the large house, skidding to a stop behind the Jeep. He flew out of the car like a bullet, punching Cael's number again as he ran to the Jeep, shoes slouching in the mud and jerked the door open to look inside. 
The glove box was rattling. Leaning over, not caring that he was getting his seat wet, he yanked open the box and found Cael's vibrating phone lit up with his call.
"Dammit." Jake slapped his phone shut and threw it in with Cael's to keep it from getting wet. "Cael!" he shouted into the storm and rushed to the back of the Jeep to grab his gun. 
Kiene came up beside him with her own splitter. Her hair stuck straight and wet against her shirt. Her face tilted up to his in a grim expression, but then she stiffened her spine and headed around the dark house, sloughing through the soggy grass like an avenging angel and Jake's heart turned over on itself. 
He raced after her, long strides easily catching up as they ran to the backyard…there he was. His brother.
"Cael!"
Jake and Kiene stopped as one, trained to assess a situation before running headlong into it.
Cael stopped, a shadowy bedraggled silhouette, one arm resting against the leaning outbuilding for support. 
Kiene moved first, rushing to the kid, arms encircling his waist in an unabashed hug. "Are you okay? You did it! You got rid of the banshee."
Jake strode up to his brother, taking him in, noting the trickle of blood running from his swollen lip, the torn and muddy clothes, headset dragging loosely at the tips of his fingers, the way Cael hitched to the side protecting his abdomen. 
Jake felt Cael return the scrutiny across the top of Kiene's head, searching for injury. "You good?" Cael asked, exhaustion coating his tone. 
"Not tryin to off myself." He grinned, meeting his brother's serious gaze and held it, conveying everything. I am so proud of you. I was worried.
Cael nodded. 
Kiene tucked herself under the kid's shoulder as though a little thing like her could support his weight. Cael's lips twitched in amusement.
She dragged his arm across her shoulder. "I'm taking you back to the hotel and then you are getting straight into a hot bath."
"A bath?" Cael's nose wrinkled. "What am I? Two?"
She walked him forward. "Good for sore muscles and don't even try to tell me you're completely okay. I don't go for that I-can-handle-anything crap."
Jake grinned at Cael's annoyed huff. "I'm a shower guy."
Undeterred, Kiene smiled sweetly. "Fine, take a quick shower, then…" Her lips pursed. "The hotel has a Jacuzzi." 
"Now you're talking." Jake slipped in step on Cael's other side, ready in case his brother wavered, but Cael appeared to be doing just fine. A swell of pride flowed through Jake's chest and he shook his head. His little brother, kicking butt and taking banshee names. 
Swinging around to walk backwards, Jake searched the dark line of trees where branches bounced and swayed in the wind. He nudged Cael's arm and canted his chin toward the grove. "We all good here?"
Cael looked back over his shoulder. "Yeah." He stared intently, lips tightening. Was that hesitation? "Yeah. It's all taken care of." He and Kiene trudged on.
Jake crossed his arms over his chest, watching his brother's back. Rain sluiced down his face, flattening his hair into his eyes. "Okay kid." The wind carried his quiet words away. "What aren't you telling me?" 






Twelve



In the morning, Jake carried Kiene's bag down to her rented toy box car. They'd barely spoken, each looking abruptly away whenever they made eye contact, the events of the previous day wedged between them like an accusation. 
"So…" Kiene rocked back on her boot heels.
Jake rubbed the back of his neck. "So." His gaze dropped to the pavement. "You did good. Kept your head." He certainly hadn't, letting the banshee get the drop on him.
"Thanks." More uncomfortable silence. "We gonna talk about this?"
Jake's head snapped up.
Kiene rolled her eyes. "The kiss."
"Oh." The temperature suddenly seemed to drop. He'd rather face down a hundred gremlins than talk about this. "Um."
"Um?" Kiene's eyes flared wide. "Forget it. Just never mind." She spun so fast to open the door, Jake's mind was reeling. "See ya around, Jake."
"Now, wait, just—" Reaching around her, he shut the car door, his chest close to her back. "Just…" He was on loose footing here, having no idea what she wanted to hear nor what he wanted to tell her. That he was crazy about her? He was. That he could just drop back into her tidy Anointed world and let bygones be bygones, live under the restraints and codes of the Demon Trackers. He couldn't do that. Pretend his half-blood status wouldn't bring Kiene down among her peers?
"Fine." She turned to face him.
"Fine?" He hadn't said anything.
"Fine." She jabbed at his chest. "I'll talk. That kiss may not have been anything to you and you can pretend you were out of your head loony at the time, but it meant something to me. I liked it. I like you. I said it. It's out there now and I won't back down from it. The least you could do is not pretend that it didn't happen."
Jake swallowed. Yep, the ground was definitely going out from under his feet. 
Kiene huffed out a frustrated breath at his silence and turned back around, shoving him back a few steps as she opened the door. 
Before she could climb inside, Jake grabbed her arm and pulled her around to face him again. Shocked, they stared at each other through the charged atmosphere. "It did mean something to me."
Something in Kiene's eyes softened. He felt the tenseness loosen in her arm. 
He leaned in close, sensed her go still. "It meant something." A lot of somethings that he didn't quite know how to deal with. 
Her lashes lowered, hiding her eyes and her thoughts. Now that feelings had been admitted, neither knew exactly what to do with it. "So, then." Kiene tugged on the ends of her hair. 
"So." Jake rocked back on his heels. "Guess I'll see you around."
She pulled her arm out of his grasp. "Yeah. Guess so."
Dammit, this wasn't what he wanted. He was crazy about her. She made him crazy. "You know what?" he ground out.
"No." Kiene flung her arms up. "I don't know anything."
"This is stupid." He stalked her, driving her back against the door of her little toy car and laid his lips smack against hers. He felt her tense, shocked, then loosen, lips and body as her hands flowed up around his back and tangled in his T-shirt. She was minty and warmth, yielding and insistent and he couldn't get enough of her. 
He dipped, moving along her jaw, tasting the smooth skin of her throat. Her chest lifted and fell, making Jake grin against her skin. 
"You promised…" Her voice came out in breathy sighs. "…me dinner." 
"So I did." He pulled back to look at her and his chest squeezed. Her hair was messy again, eyes bright and skin flushed and so beautiful it hurt. 
Her hand slipped into the front of his jean's pocket and his eyes widened and then narrowed when she pulled out his cell phone. After scrolling to his calendar, she punched in a time and place for the following Tuesday. "Don't be late." With a peck on his cheek, she slipped his phone back into his pocket and slid into her car. In moments the Porsche was squealing out of the lot, leaving Jake standing there like a love-struck school kid with an uncomfortable ache.


~~~


"Jake, we gotta talk." Cael said the moment he entered the hotel room. 
Kid had been sound asleep when Jake had walked Kiene down. Too tired to protest last night, they'd given Cael the bed while he and Kiene made a bundle on the floor, but spent a good portion of the night whispering, trying to piece together what Cael had been too tired to tell them in the hot tub where he'd fallen asleep. 
Turned out, Jake didn't know the half of it. His muscles tightened up with every new revelation from his brother.
"A demon?" He lunged out of the chair with that new little tidbit and began pacing. Cael had been pinned beneath a tree at the complete mercy of one of the hellspawns. He could barely hear what else Cael was saying beneath the roaring in his ears. 
"…said "we" have plans…"
Jake stopped his pacing. "What?" 
"The demon." Cael's brows were bunched together. "Jake, the demon's not working alone. Something big is going on, bigger than one dumb demon being all mad 'cause we knocked him back down to the pit. He said so himself. Otherwise, he would have—I was right there, easy-pickings."
Jake's heart stumbled at that. He ran a shaky hand down his face. "All right, all right. Let me think. We need to find out who this demon is and what he wants."
"Yeah, how we gonna do that?"
Go to Karavel, see if any of the other Demon Trackers have heard anything? Jake slid a glance to Cael and wondered how much of his too-tired-to-report last night had to do with Kiene being there and his brother not wanting the Anointed to get wind of this. Especially since the demon had specifically targeted them, which would just give the Anointeds another notch in their half-bloods-can't-handle-this-job belt.
"Dad." Jake lowered to the edge of the bed beside his brother. "Dad will know what to do, who to trust and the guys in the squad can keep their ears to the ground. If something big is going down, between all of us, we'll get it figured out. Kay?" He bumped Cael's shoulder.
Cael nodded, a little of the hunch to his shoulders straightening. "Yeah. Kay. You're right."
""Dude. I'm always right."
Cael just snorted.


~~~

 
"What happened to you?" Gregor looked Jarlaith up and down.
The demon flowed from the dark foliage, polo shirt and slacks rumpled and with an obvious blood stain soaking the hem of his shirt where it looked like he'd rubbed his stained hand—which of course was fully healed. Perks of being a demon. The demonic strands of light whipped around Jarlaith in agitated jerks and slaps. 
Jarlaith shrugged. "Nothing. Just a meal that didn't sit well with me."
Gregor raised a brow at that, but knew better to question any further.
"So this is the closest pass-through to the city?" 
"Five minutes from the Administrative Offices. In three days, there'll be no Anointed guarding it. Trust me." Gregor looked at the unassuming covered bridge that spanned a stream running so low this time of year that it was more mud than water. "You'll have enough demons to accomplish the task?"
Jarlaith rounded on him. "I have a large enough force now."
Gregor stood his ground, not caring what had gotten Jarlaith into such a bad mood. Besides, he'd only have to tolerate him for a few days more, then all deals were off and he'd be one of the first demons his blade would go after. Oncoming headlights flashed behind the demon. 
"Car," Gregor announced and they slunk back into the dark foliage as a sweet little sports car pulled onto the bridge. He caught sight of a pretty profile. Kiene?
"Ah, the little Anointed girl. I'll enjoy sucking on her bones."
Gregor spun on the demon. "You don't touch her."  
Jarlaith smoothed his shirt down. "Sweet on her, are you? Then it would trouble you to know that she spent the evening in the same hotel as Celalundria's little whelps."
Gregor's gaze whipped back to the bridge where the Porsche had dissolved from view, crossing into another dimension. Jealous rage flared like lava through his veins.
"I'll be happy to take care of her for you," Jarlaith offered.
"No." His tone bore an icy chill. "No demon touches her." 
Jarlaith's hand curled onto his shoulder almost companionably. "As you like."


~~~


Tuesday evening, Jake paced outside of the little Italian restaurant, a bouquet of marigolds losing petals with each frustrated step. Kiene never showed. 


The End




Cael's banshee-fighting playlist:
Bad to the Bone ~ George Thorogood and The Destroyers
Evil Angel ~ Breaking Benjamin
The Immigrant Song ~ Led Zeppelin 


~~~
The Adventure continues with…

Enjoy an excerpt from the third book in the Anointed series A Haunting.


"You can't keep him from me." The disembodied voice purred so close to Henry's ear, he shivered at the icy cold breath.
"Watch me." Gripping Jake tighter to his side, Henry tugged the ornate door handle, unsurprised when it wouldn't budge. Ghost had them bottled up tight.
Feminine laughter echoed around the mansion's spacious foyer. 
"This way, son." Henry hefted Jake higher, not liking the kid's sluggish movements. Damn ghost had flung him headlong into the iron-wrought banister. Henry headed into the east wing, searching for another way out, one arm supporting a groggy Jake, the opposite hand gripping the kremloc dagger—the one Celalundria gifted him with years ago. Although he loved the feel of a good old American made automatic, the white blade of the Anointed surpassed any weapon they had when dealing with spirits. 
"I can walk," Jake murmured.
"I know you can." Henry pulled them down the wide gloomy hallway. There hadn't been electricity running through the abandoned estate for a decade, yet the fluted wall sconces flickered around them almost as though the spirit herded them. "Just concentrate on putting one foot in front of the other. I'll do the rest." 
Nudging a door open with his foot, Henry peered inside, spotting a large bay window they could try. Gauzy curtains with moth-bitten holes billowed inward without a breeze to lift them in front of closed panes of old wavery glass.
"Dad." 
Warning edged Jake's tone. Henry's gaze followed the darkness toward the end of the hallway where the woman materialized. 
A slender finger waggled disapprovingly. "You can't keep him from me," her voice sighed around them, as close and intimately as a lover's, though her lips remained still. Her dark hair and pale pink gown—early 1900s style—floated around her willowy frame like smoke. She didn't look anything like a serial killer, yet Henry Gillant had been at this long enough to know appearances didn't mean jack.
Dorthea Truman had murdered five children when she was alive, two of them her own, though none of their bodies had ever been found, even after Dorthea also disappeared. It was rumored she'd run off out of grief until her journal was found years later inside a nook behind the dumb waiter, confessing to the gruesome murders of the children. Following, the mansion had a long history of children dying of mysterious causes, some simply disappearing until the last owners abandoned the property and whatever evil resided inside went dormant.  
None of which would have been noticed by the Gillants. Hundred-year-old murders weren't exactly on the 666 Squad's radar until local kids decided daring each other inside the creepy haunted estate would be fun. So far two kids were dead and that was two too many. 
Henry's palm tightened around the fire poker. Spirits that specifically target children were the sickest kind of monsters out there in Henry's opinion. It's the reason he had kept Cael out of this particular hunt, but apparently at nineteen, Jake was still close enough to a kid for the ghost to go after. Rotting carpet wrinkled beneath Henry's boot, making him slide a little on the wood beneath. It was going to be a personal pleasure to take her down. 
Pearly laughter tinkled around them. "He's mine, he's mine." And abruptly the ghost blinked out of existence and reappeared inches from Henry's face. 
Prepared for the move, Henry swung out, passing the kremloc dagger through her...and nothing… not a damn thing happened. Shocked, Henry swiped out again, but the dagger stopped mid-swing as though it slammed against an invisible wall, vibrating in his fist. Light eyes turned to him just before he flew back into a door, jerking Jake from his grasp. 
"Dad!" the kid screamed as the woman's arms enveloped him and they disappeared within swirling tendrils of smoke and mist. 

 

 
~~~
BONUS STORY introducing the Eaglekins

Fallen Warrior 
By Clover Autrey
The eagle dove from the sky, slicing through the air fractions above Eilwen's head. Her hair whooshed in front of her face. Bouncing off the high branch she balanced on, she leaped to another.
What was that?
The bird's sleek body dipped sideways, wingtips skimming the forest canopy as he came back around. He was the most magnificent eagle she'd ever seen. Feathers so dark they shone violet. And he was charging straight at her!
Poor thing must be ill.
Eilwen decided she'd have to use all of her forest skill to calm the beauty. If whatever ailed him hadn't completely taken over. The eagle came at her again, the dangerous beak gliding expertly past her arm. Colors, so soft, so translucent erupted around him. This was no ordinary bird. He must be one of the eagles bonded to an Eaglekin…but where was the Eaglekin?
That had to be it. She'd totally misunderstood the bird's actions. The eagle wasn't attacking. He was trying to herd her toward something and there was only one reason an eyrie-hatched bird would seek someone besides his True-bonded. The Eaglekin he was bonded to was in trouble. It would, Eilwen thought, have to be a great deal of trouble.
The bird came around once more. Hold. Eilwen threw her entire essence into the word. As a Fealinn she had a natural affinity to all creatures, yet as far as she knew none of her people dared approach one of the mighty eagles of Gaspar. The Eaglekins were far too protective of their birds and their bonds with them. The eagle slowed, landing lightly on a higher branch. Eilwen looked directly into the round golden eyes, pushing out a tendril of calming essence. Show me
Like an arrow loosed from a bow, the eagle shot into the sky. He was swift, but Eilwen was quick as well. She ran agilely from bough to bough, her lithe body bobbing with the swaying tree limbs as she descended and then dropped gently to the springy forest floor.
The eagle waited for her on a jagged stone that jutted out from the snarl of moss and leaf-litter. Anxiety spilled off him, coating the humid air, a harsh taste on Eilwen's lips. This part of the forest was lush largely due to the volcanic silt that fertilized the soil. But it also made the forest floor dangerous, with ancient lava tubes lurking beneath every footstep, which is why traveling within the trees was much safer. By the looks of the broken foliage and furrows in the soil, it appeared that the eagle's True-bonded had disappeared inside one such hole.
Pity that. He was gone, lost forever in the deep shaft. Eilwen would have liked to have gotten a closer look at an Eaglekin since she'd only been able to spy on one of their gatherings from a safe distance. But oh, the flashes of color that blossomed around them as they mind-spoke with their eagles. She wouldn't have believed such an arrogant stern domineering people could release such dazzling hues.
Tossing her loose bag from her shoulder, Eilwen plopped down on her stomach and edged over to the rim. It was dark within, like staring into a night leopard's throat.
"Hullooooo. Anyone alive down there?"
As she'd thought, only silence greeted her.
"Alive," a masculine voice rasped. "—and sorely in need of a rope."
Shocked, she gasped. "Unn, sorry. I didn't think anyone would really be there. How did you not fall to your death? Is the hole not that deep?" Eilwen leaned over farther to try and see.
"It's deep." There was the sound of a heavy exhalation. "A rope please."
Eilwen finally spotted the vague impression of a face only a staff-length or so below her. Shouldn't be too difficult to get him out. She eased her weight back. "Hold on. I'll get my—guh!" The ground gave out from under her and she toppled headlong into the darkness, slammed into something solid that let out a loud whoof of air, and continued falling in a tangle of arms and legs, scraping and glancing off sharp volcanic shale until she came to an abrupt stop that jarred her arm nearly out of her socket. She dangled in the air by that one arm. Strong crushing fingers circled her wrist as painfully as the sound of ragged breathing coming from just above. Yet it was the absolute darkness that terrified her most. 
"Pull me up! Pull me up!"
More harsh breathing. "Give me a moment."
Eilwen kicked out her legs, seeking something solid, a toehold and found nothing but air. "I'm falling! Pull me up! Use your other hand!"
"My other hand…is braced against the wall."
They were going to fall! No, she was. All he had to do was let go and he'd have the use of both arms to climb up again.
She wouldn't make it easy for him. Swinging to lift herself higher, Eilwen grabbed his wrist with her free hand. The muscles of his forearm were tense.
"Easy, now, quit squirming," he said. "You'll shake us both off."
"Right. We'll both go. Together. Not just me."
"Not just…? Lass, I won't let go, I promise you. I won't let go." His hand tightened upon her wrist. "Ready?"
"Yes. No. For what—ahhhh!"
In one swift motion, Eilwen was pulled upward and planted down on a…a thigh? She was. She sat on the Eaglekin's thigh. She could feel the flexion in his muscles.
She immediately flung her arms around his waist, not caring he was a stranger, and held on. Brittle stone broke off the wall as her arm rubbed across it. "Thank you thank you thank you. Thank you for catching me and being strong enough to pull me up. Thank—How did you do that?" His tunic was warm, slightly damp from perspiration and soft beneath her cheek where she felt the rapid beat of his heart. "My arm scraped some stone off. I didn't hear it hit the bottom yet. Did you hear it hit the bottom?"
"A lot of stone fell with us. There has been no sound."
"Oh." Not good.
He stroked the back of her neck, a gently reassurance in the bleak dark. "Don't think about what isn't below. Only on what is above."
Eilwen nodded against the indentation of his highest rib. "Yes. Up there. Right. We'll just climb up. You did it before and I'm an excellent climber. Shouldn't be too hard." Except she couldn't get her hands to leave his waist. Couldn't move away from the safely of his body. He was the only thing solid in the pressing black, the only thing keeping her from falling. "I can't."
He blew out a warm breath. "You can. You have to."
"You're incredibly strong. You pulled me up with one flick of your wrist. I think you should climb and I'll just hang onto you."
His low chuckle rumbled beneath her cheek. "You exaggerate my strength, though I would carry you if it were possible. I can't move."
"What? You have to."
"Listen to me. My hand and my back are braced against the walls to hold us here. The only other hold I have is a small protrusion under my toes."
"Of the leg I'm sitting on?" She pushed down on the knot tightening in her stomach.
She felt him nod above her head. "You must climb."
"Then what about you?"
"Send the rope down."
"How will you tie it around you with the use of only one hand?"
"I'll manage. I know the darkness frightens you…"
"It doesn't"
She felt his chuckle again. "It frightens me. Our two cultures have that in common. Don't be ashamed. Our natures thrive on wide open spaces, avoid cramped areas and holes…"
Eilwen swallowed. "I admit I'm a little afraid."
"Which will give you strength to climb. Can you do this?"
"Yes." She pulled back, let her hands slide off his waist, though she stayed in contact, let her palm move along his arm that was braced on the wall. Her heart was racing. She could feel him shaking as well. He couldn't hold out much longer.
Gingerly, she stood on his thigh. His free hand grasped her side, his fingers curled into the waist of her breeches to steady her. With monumental effort, Eilwen let go of the stranger and brought her arms up to search the shaft.
"Nothing. It's too smooth here. There isn't anything to grab hold of."
"Use my shoulders."
"What? Are you witless? I could push you from your hold."
"Be careful then." 
Sucking in a breath, Eilwen placed one foot on his shoulder, exhaled shakily and lifted her other foot. The Eaglekin's hand moved to her bottom, pressing her inward so she wouldn't fall back. The low tremors coming from him were unnerving. "There's still nothing to hold—wait." She found a small lip in the stone and grabbed onto it. The little protrusion crumbled off and she slipped. Trying to push against the close walls slowed her, but also sliced into her flesh. Once again, she stopped, dangling in midair, her upper body crushed against the Eaglekin, his arm tight across the small of her back. Shudders ran through his entire body.
"That. Didn't. Work out. As planned," he panted out.
"Ow, ow, ow, ow. Where's your leg? I can't find it."
"I lost my hold there."
The only thing keeping her from falling into this bottomless hole was his arm around her and the only thing keeping him from falling was his back and one hand braced on slick crumbling walls and judging by the tremors of his body, that wasn't going to last.
Eilwen curled her fingers into his tunic, knuckles grazing firm sweat-soaked skin. "I'm so sorry. If I had thought to tie my rope on something before…"
He stiffened. "Exactly where is your rope?"
"In my bag up there."
Warm lips pressed against Eilwen's forehead and everything inside her went instantly quiet.
"That is for reminding me we are not alone. We might get out of this yet. I'll get Cadeyrn," he murmured. They were so close she could taste his spicy breath.
"What's a Cadeyrn?"
"My eagle." A bluish glow suddenly bloomed around them, emanating from within his flesh, the telltale evidence of an Eaglekin conversing with his True-bonded eagle. Eilwen sucked in a breath, seeing the man for the first time. He was younger than his strength and confidence led her to believe, just a year or so older than herself perhaps, and handsome. Thick lashes half-lowered over darkly golden eyes.
The glow died and they were thrust into darkness again. "He'll bring the rope."
"That's perfect. I suppose Cadeyrn knows how to tie off to a tree as well?"
The Eaglekin laughed. "I saw through his eyes and directed him to bring it around that stone jutting from the ground, giving us both ends."
"I hope it's long enough."
His forehead touched hers. It was damp from exertion. A shrill cry rang loudly within the shaft, echoing around them. Blue light immediately erupted as the Eaglekin guided Cadeyrn to them. The bird slowed at the last possible moment, dropping one end of the rope from his talons and lifted back up into the air. Wing beats washed over them. Grabbing the rope, Eilwen pulled it down to gain more slack. The glow faded.
"Tie that around yourself." Weariness coated the Eaglekin's voice.
"No." Instead Eilwen slipped it around the man's back as high under his arms as she could where his shoulders were braced. She heard the other end of the rope slap lightly against the wall as the eagle dropped it. She felt around for it, but couldn’t find it. "Can you speak with Cadeyrn again?"
There was no answer. He couldn’t' have passed out. They would have fallen, yet the exertion was taking its due. She found the man's face with her hands. "I can't see the rope." He nodded within her palm and his glow sparked, not anywhere near as brilliant as it had been, but enough to see where the rope was before the light winked out. It was just out of reach.
"I need to climb higher." Again she felt his slow nod.
Carefully, Eilwen shifted up his body, finding his hip bone with her heel and stretched upward. The rope felt rough and wonderful in her palm. There wasn't enough slack to tie it around herself so she made a smaller loop large enough for her hand or foot.
The Eaglekin shuddered beneath her. "I'll drop…and let my weight…carry you up."
"Not a good plan, Eaglekin. I'll never be able to pull you up and I doubt you're in any condition to attempt a climb even with the rope. I have another idea. Be ready." She didn't dare put all her weight on the rope yet or she'd be hauled up before she was ready. She pressed her lips together, hoping this worked. Keeping her weight balanced on the man's hip, she lightly held the loop while she explored the wall with her other hand.
There. The place where she'd broken the little lip of stone before. She dug into the small depression she'd made, digging her fingers beneath the thin crack until she had a large jagged fissure she could break off. Her fingers felt raw and torn. She slipped her wrist inside the loop of the rope and held on. "Now!" Swinging off the Eaglekin, she ripped the slab off the wall. 
And dropped.
The Eaglekin jerked up as they passed, their bodies bumping in the small space and then she was alone, falling through darkness. Her arm felt like it was going to tear from her body with the rock slab weighing her down and threatening to slip out of her other arm even though she braced it with her thigh. And then her descent ended abruptly, wrenching her arm. The piece of rock pulled free from her grasp. She listened for the sound of it smashing against the bottom, but it never came.
"Pull me up. Pull me up!" she screamed, panicking, not knowing if the Eaglekin heard. She waited for the rope to move, to be hauled up to safety and light. Nothing happened. She was alone in the dark. She couldn't hold on like this indefinitely. It took the last of her strength, but she managed to lift her legs up and wiggle her foot into the loop she'd tied. From there she pulled out her hand and climbed up, letting her weight rest on her leg. She waited, counting her breaths, which seemed to come faster and faster.
What was going on up there? Why wasn't she moving?
He left her. As soon as he was free of the hole, he had left her. Arrogant selfish Eaglekin. She no longer had the strength to climb up the rope. He'd left her to die down here, alone in the dark. Tears pressed against her eyes and her pulse banged so loudly she didn't realize that she was moving upwards until a sphere of light showed overhead and all at once strong hands clasped hers and she was pulled up into forest dappled sunlight. The Eaglekin's face was the most beautiful thing she'd ever seen.
"I thought you left me."
He smiled, breathing heavily, and sagged back against the foliage, his eagle hovering protectively near. "Never." 

~~~
The Eaglekin Series:
Upon Eagle's Light  
Chase the Wind 
Fallen Warrior
Prince of Sorrows (coming soon)

###


About the author:
Clover Autrey writes the kind of stories she loves to read, high fantasy with strong elements of romance with heroes and heroines who must each sacrifice something in order to be together.

Connect with Me Online:
Twitter: http://twitter.com/cloverautrey
Facebook: http://facebook.com/cloverautrey
Blog: http://www.clovercheryl.blogspot.com


Table of Contents
One
Two
Three
Four
Five
Six
Seven
Eight
Nine
Ten
Eleven
Twelve
