Pirates Versus Ninjas
By Andy Marlow
Copyright 2011 Andy Marlow
Smashwords Edition
Discover other titles by Andy Marlow:
The Creative Sponge
The Reasonable Man
I Love You
Do I Exist? And Other Philosophical Questions
The Lawyer
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Pirates Versus Ninjas
“Today has been a momentous occasion for us all,” bellowed Captain Bluebeard merrily. He gazed around at those assembled around him in the Hog’s Inn tavern on Cutthroat Island: to his left were the ninjas; to his right, his pirates, and at the head of the table, in front of them all, was Steve the Tyrannosaurus Rex, their surprise special guest who had united them all so suddenly.
“We owe our good fortune to our friend here, Steve Rex. Let’s all give him a big hand.”
The pirates erupted in spontaneous, rapturous applause; the ninjas, silent and stealthy as ever, looked uncomfortable and surprised by such a public display of affection, but participated still. Steve was embarrassed by it all. He was not used to such attention: his existence up until this point had been a solitary one, living out his days in the forests of Cutthroat Island. His only companions had been the quarry he killed to survive. He had loathed that life and loathed himself, for although his instinct was predatory, his personality was not. He was that oddest of things: a vegetarian carnivore, who, simply through the accident of his genetic design, was forced to eat the carcasses of creatures he adored. He would weep his way through every meal and sit in depressed silence when he wasn’t hunting, contemplating the evil he was responsible for.
Yet now he was a hero. Because of him, many deaths had been averted today. The eternal war of pirates vs. ninjas which had raged for centuries had finally been put to an end by the hand of a kindly dinosaur stranded from his time. He would have smiled at the reception he now received, if indeed a dinosaur’s facial muscles would have allowed it. As it was, his anatomy was not designed that way; so he merely emitted a happy growl and gazed lovingly at the little creatures sitting around him. 
“Oh, I thank you,” he said. “I owe you my thanks because you saved me today from my life as a brute. You allowed me to save life rather than take it, and you introduced me to Quorn! I never need kill another animal again!”
The pirates raised a cheer once more and lifted their glasses to their reptilian friend. Their beers spilled down their beards as they drank. A pirate starts his day with a bottle of rum, so drunkenness was a way of life for them; the dinner we now observe was taking place at eight o’clock in the evening and most of the assembled crew would have been almost paralytic by noon. Honestly, it would be surprising if they remembered Steve or the amazing events he had inspired come tomorrow. Yet now they did, at least temporarily, and the atmosphere was buzzing. 
“You are too modest,” uttered Hirosaki, the ninja leader. “You have done us a great honour today. We bow down to you.”
That they did: the six ninjas stood up from their seats and leaned their torsos as low as they could in a sign of respect. The pirates found the whole scene hilarious and laughed at their strange new friends, who had so recently been enemies.
“But why were you fighting in the first place?” asked Steve. “What started the war between your peoples?”
Bluebeard leaned forward to explain.
“It’s a long story, Steve…”
***
“It’s gone, Captain!”
“What is? What are you talking about?”
Jack the Boy had rushed into Bluebeard’s office on board the Merry Martin in a hurry. He had forgotten to knock, which was pirate custom (for the Captain could have been in the middle of some secret or important business), so Bluebeard was naturally annoyed. And drunk. He was on his third bottle of Whiskey that day in celebration of a recent successful raid. They had stolen into a Scottish village under the cover of darkness and taken whatever pleased them: gold, jewellery, wood, whiskey. Mainly whiskey. Most of the crew were now lolling about the deck, unconscious, and most of the whiskey was gone.
It had been excellent Whiskey. They had chosen a town famous for its own distillery and stolen all of its produce, including the good stuff: bottles of four, six and twelve year old fire-water were strewn all over the ship in a haphazard manner, with crew members distributed equally as randomly. Jack the Boy had had to leap over the groaning forms of Woody, Tom “Bomb” McCluskey and Jake the Peg on his way to see the Captain.
“The gold, sir! It’s gone!”
Despite his inebriated state, Bluebeard understood immediately. He leapt from his seat- a foolish thing to do in his condition, for he consequently fell over and banged his head on an empty goblet. Even if his body was still inebriated, his mind was now sober: he stared at Jack the Boy with piercing, calculating eyes as he forced his brain into action.
“How can it be gone? We’re fifty miles from land, for God’s sake!”
“I don’t know, sir,” confessed the Boy. “But it is. I can tell you it is.”
The captain’s eyes narrowed. The gold could not have been taken by someone who wasn’t on board, so it must have either been moved or thrown overboard by one of the crew. A thought suddenly struck him.
“Jack. Boy,” he grunted. “Why aren’t you drunk?”
“I’m… I’m allergic, sir,” he admitted. “I can’t drink. If I do, I get ill.”
“Ha!” yelled the captain. “A likely story.” He pulled himself up into a standing position and glared at the lad. Jack was a new recruit, picked up only one month previously at a port in France. His English, though poor at first, had quickly improved until the point now where he was practically fluent. Bluebeard had seen him as a bright spark, hope for his ship’s future. Truth be told the rest of his crew were rather dim-witted, so it was useful to have someone intelligent on board, especially in skirmishes or times of war.
Now, though, he distrusted that intelligence. Through the cloudy thinking of a drunken man he saw a plot and saw it clearly: the Boy had deliberately stayed sober while his shipmates were drunk so that he could hide the gold and take it for himself!
Rage boiled up inside him and burst out in a terrible roar:
“You lying cad!” he slurred. “You took the gold, didn’t you? Confess! Where is it?”
“N-no I didn’t, sir,” he stammered, terrified of the captain’s fury. “Honest to God, I didn’t.”
“I’ve seen you drink before and you’ve never been ill. Where is it?”
The Boy did not answer; fear backed him up against the wall and he stood there, frozen. He was lucky: three bottles of Whiskey had damaged the Captain’s co-ordination. When he reached for his cutlass, his hand missed the first three times and when he finally grasped its handle, his hands could not work out where to point it. The Boy was left watching in bemusement as the Captain flailed his weapon this way and that, only rarely coming within two metres of his target.
The Boy saw his chance and ran. The door slammed behind him, but the Captain was too inebriated to notice; he kept flailing his shaft about the place for a further two minutes before he realised his quarry was gone.
“Come back, you coward!” he yelled out. “Don’t run away from your Captain when he’s trying to…”
The words slurred and eventually stopped. He cursed the slowness of his speech and thought and realised that the Boy possessed all the advantages of soberness: quick wit and quick feet, which would give him the edge in any pursuit or battle. Bluebeard slumped down into his chair reluctantly and sighed bitterly.
“Woody! McCluskey!” He called out.
It was a moment before anything happened. Then, with a crash, two bodies fell through the doorway in a heap in the corner of the room. Woody, a tall, skinny fellow with only a scraggly goatee, was out cold; McCluskey was lying on top of him, almost unable to stand but still possessing the power of speech.
“You wanted me, sir?” He managed to say clearly enough to be understood. His voice was deep, baritone, and came from somewhere under the magnificent bush of hair that obscured the lower part of his face.  
“Yes,” uttered the Captain. “Jack. He’s got the gold. He’s stolen it. Get after him!”
It took a few seconds for McCluskey to comprehend the situation, but when understanding struck him it hit him like a knife. His whole face collapsed and then reconstructed itself into something ugly and full of rage at the betrayal they had suffered.
“The scoundrel!” he roared and tried to lift Woody from his deep sleep. Yet Woody was out cold, napping peacefully with the help of three bottles of Scotch, and would not recover until the morning. Woody was famed for his deep sleeps even when sober, so any attempt to wake him now would have been fruitless.
McCluskey’s rage and drunkenness was such that Woody’s condition was beyond his understanding, however, so he yelled and prodded and pushed and yanked with all his might in a desperate and violent attempt to rouse his sleeping crewmate. He seemed even to have forgotten about why he was angry and was almost using Woody as a punch bag to vent primal rage now aimed at nothing in particular.
“McCluskey!” called Bluebeard groggily. “What are you doing? Get after the boy!”
“The boy?” queried McCluskey, as if waking from a deep sleep and unsure what had been happening. “Jack the Boy? He- he stole out booty? He stole our booty!”
In a wave of remembered realisation he forgot his beaten colleague and dashed for the door. Unfortunately he forgot to open it and banged headfirst into the rusty nail that was used to hang jackets and gowns on. He was knocked out cold, blood dripping slowly from a deep gash in his forehead, and fell with a crash onto the sleeping form of his friend.
The captain sighed. He would discipline the rogue after sunrise, but for the moment it fell to him to find the lad.
He stood up from his perch beside his desk and stumbled hesitantly towards the door. It was a difficult journey: along the five feet of wooden decking he had to cross were strewn bottles and papers, broken glass and odd trinkets which would have been described as “miscellaneous”: one golden ring from a raid in India; an oval shaped mask stolen from an African tribe; several mysterious metal objects of unknown usage presented to them as gifts by foreigners from afar. These objects and more lay before him like a veritable assault course which his feet found difficult to navigate. He shrieked at one point when his left foot landed on the sharp end of a pin and winced when his right foot appeared to crush the nose of the sleeping Woody.
Nonetheless, he eventually reached the door and pushed it open with an almighty effort.
The cold night air gushed in immediately, putting out half the candles in his room. It knocked the old pirate back and nearly made him add his own body to the pile-on behind him. He kept his balance, though, by grasping hold of the doorframe and peeling his eyes at the scene before him.
It was night. The stars glimmered brightly above him like gods guiding him and his ship safely through the brine. He had been a pirate now for fifty years and had never suffered one shipwreck: this he put down to the guidance of those above him, the kind watchfulness of those who gazed down from the heavens nightly. He was a firm believer in astrology even to the point that he had assigned a spiritualist to his ship, an oriental woman by the name of Liu. She was one of his closest advisors yet seemed to earn the hatred of the rest of the crew, who both feared and doubted her in equal measure. It was a strange mix of feelings they possessed, and they could little understand it. Whenever the enigmatic Liu passed through their ranks- and it was, to be fair, quite a rare occasion- they would eye her suspiciously, always wondering whether her predictions were nonsense, yet fearfully too: for if they were true, then she could be a woman of the gods with powers not to be reckoned with by mere mortals. 
Liu was stood by the ship’s mast in the centre of the deck. Though inebriated like the rest, she could still read the stars and was doing her usual weather-check to see what the gods had to say to her tonight. Her face looked puzzled, fraught, and her gaze was fixed unmovingly in one direction.
The captain surveyed the rest of the deck. As far as his eye could see (at least until where the boat met the sea) were bodies collapsed in heaps, with faces frozen in stupid grins after the all-day party of whiskey and gin. There was no sign of Jack and Liu was the only person he could see awake.
“Liu,” he called out with slurred voice.
The woman turned to see who was calling her. Upon hearing her Captain, her puzzled expression vanished, wiped away, and was replaced by something friendly yet distant. 
“Yes, my captain?” she requested of him. “Why do you disturb my studies so late at night?”
“The boy. Jack,” he grunted. “You seen him?”
“No,” she said simply, before turning back to her gazings. Her eyes wandered freely now from left to right, surveying all the pinpricks of light coming from distant suns and planets. Occasionally she would stop and focus on one particular part of the sky and do incomprehensible calculations with her hands before resuming her searching of the skies.
“What have you found?” asked Bluebeard, drawing closer to his medium.
“Trouble,” she said. A great sadness was clear in her voice. “Trouble and strife and war and horror; great opportunity for booty, but also for danger; a hidden enemy like none we have encountered before, who can hide in shadows and in plain sight. Doom! Doom at the end of a reptilian leg!”
She fell silent and ceased her searching. Her eyes were now focused only upon those of her captain, something unexpected barely concealed within them. 
“You,” she cooed. “You are the key to it all. You are the key to me!”
She glided towards the captain with arms extended and lips pouted. He, delighted by her drunken offer, accepted gladly, wordlessly, and locked lips with his eastern maiden. For a moment he forgot his search for Jack as the alcohol consumed his brain and he lost himself in the moment of passion.
It was short-lived. A body nearby moved and a shape leapt forward. Bluebeard turned to look, but saw no-one. The scene was as silent as ever, the crew as dead as ever. He returned to his wench and the pleasure of her touch.
The shape saw its opportunity and moved once more. In the corner of his eye Bluebeard saw it leap again from a different pile of bodies and speed full-pelt towards to ship’s prow.
The shape was unmistakeable now: it was that of a boy; specifically, Jack the Boy. His anger returned suddenly and filled him like a vessel, displacing the sweet incense of his lover’s touch. He rudely brushed aside his mistress, leaving her more bemused than offended, to set off after the boy in hot pursuit.
The boy was agile and quick, jumping like a gazelle between the obstacles and sleeping forms in his path. The captain was old and drunk; his movements were slower, clumsier, and on his way he woke several of his men. They grumbled loudly but were largely unable to make any kind of physical protests.
“Stop him! Stop the boy!” Bluebeard appealed to his crew, hoping that just one of them had restrained his drinking enough during the day to now be able to rise and join the chase. Yet there were no replies, save for unconscious moans and one unrecognisable voice which rudely told him to “shut it”. He was on his own.
“The gold is stolen!” he shouted out, trying to appeal to their sense of greed to rouse them. This worked, to an extent: two of his crew, who were leaning against the wheel, were not sleeping so deeply that news of stolen booty could not wake them. Timmy the Brick and Ethelred forced their bodies into a standing position with much difficulty and gazed around for the source of the news. They saw a small body charging towards them, followed by the lumbering form of their captain, unmistakeable by his hooked right hand and the mass of blue which adorned his face. In their drunken state, the Boy’s approach was like that of a small, floating orb of pale moonlight; they were confused at what it might be, but the fact of the Captain’s pursuit and the mention of stolen treasure roused them to action.  
Wordlessly, the pair of them stepped in the way of the fleeing Jack. Yet he was too quick for them: when Bluebeard was but ten paces away and the trap should have enclosed perfectly, holding the Boy between them like a lamb in a pen, the Boy darted between the two crewmembers and knocked them over in the process. Timmy banged his head and was knocked out cold; Ethelred was left with the dubious gift of remaining conscious, only to find the wind knocked out of him by the heavy boot of his captain trundling over his collapsed body. Already old (by all accounts the oldest crewmember on the ship), the blow hit Ethelred hard and he was left wheezing as he watched his captain lumber away after the thief in the direction of the plank.
The plank could be found on the front of the ship. It was customary pirate punishment for miscreants and wrongdoers, and all those who defy the will of Captain Bluebeard in any way, to be forced to walk the plank and meet their end in the cold, cold water of the North Atlantic sea. Most of those who found themselves here were simply sport for the pirates, a bit of entertainment when a raid was far away. Yet the Boy was more than this: Bluebeard did not simply want to be amused by the drowning of this child. Rather, he was out for blood. His jaw was pushed forward like an angry Jack Russell and his eyes shot flames of fury in Jack’s direction.
Jack had, by now, reached the plank. He was standing on it, for there was nowhere else to go, trying his level best to balance and occasionally looking down nervously at the water below him. It was a calm, clear night, and the ship was not moving; nevertheless, there were ice-bergs visible in the distance. The water would be only just above freezing. Death would soon embrace him in such conditions. 
Bluebeard was at the head of the plank on the very edge of his ship. He looked a ghostly figure in this light: face shrouded in darkness from the shade of his hat; beard glowing blue in the eerie light of the moon; eyes visible from beneath the darkness, staring out at his prey. Against the backdrop of a navy sky glinting with diamond stars and an empty ship sailing on undulating waters, Jack could very well have been looking at a ghost ship right now. 
Except Bluebeard was no ghost. He was a living, breathing, heaving and raging man who the Boy had no choice but to deal with.
“Please,” he begged. “Please, I did not steal your gold.”
“Liar!” roared Bluebeard. “Where is it? Why run if you are innocent?”
“Because I’m scared,” Jack would have said, except for the fact that it does not do well to admit fear in the company of pirates. So he stayed silent and tried to glare his foe down, attempting the impossible task of looking both innocent and defiant at the same time.
Bluebeard placed his hands on the plank in a threatening, business-like manner and began to shake it up and down, side to side, trying to make Jack lose his balance and fall in the water- or else, confess. Yet Jack was adamant that he had nothing to confess. He leaned down and grabbed the plank with both his hands, too, to stop himself falling. 
By now some of the crew had been roused by the running and shouting and implications of stolen gold. A small group was assembling around the captain, jeering and laughing, pointing and mocking. It was disconcerting how easily former friends could turn on you: there was Pointy Pete, with whom the Boy had often played darts, now baying for his blood; next to him, Agatha “Bottle-Neck” Saunders, the tomboy of the crew who Jack had enjoyed many a mock sword-fight with, now spitting on him in disgust. 
“Give us the gold and we may spare your life,” offered Bluebeard. “Otherwise, into Davy Jones’ locker with you!”
The crowd around him cheered at the latter proposal and hurled insults and bottles at the Boy. He winced and covered himself with his arms, trying to give himself what little protection they could provide from the saliva and glass coming his way.
“Please,” he said again. “Please, I do not have the gold!”
Bluebeard’s face became crystallised, frozen like steel in an unmoving scowl. Pirates always enjoy a good plank-walking, but what he would have preferred was to have the gold back. Jack had sealed his fate: he would end his days in the freezing waters below him, all because he could not give up the loot. But what this meant was that the gold would still be missing and the only person who knew where it was would be gone. Still, Bluebeard had no choice: the Boy would never confess, so the plank was the only option for him.
“Well then, Boy,” he said darkly. “You’ll have to walk the plank.”
The other pirates cheered and leaned forward to watch the Boy’s lethal plunge into the miry deep. Their faces were etched with an excitement which even the whiskey could not have provided: no, this was a unique moment, the punishment of a traitor to the pirate’s code. There is little more satisfying for a pirate than watching a criminal meet his soggy end in the deep.
Jack looked around nervously: to his left, to his right, behind him, hoping for some form of escape. And then he smiled.
“With pleasure, sir,” he said in an uncharacteristic voice. He bowed down to his audience, smiled a cheeky grin and practically dived off the plank into the waiting  deep.
The pirates’ cheering died down and was replaced by a confused silence. Part of the pleasure of the plank-walking ceremony was to watch the terror in the victim’s face as he fell to his certain death. Yet something was wrong here: Jack had leapt into the water like a fish and was now happily doing a front crawl away from the boat into open water.
Then, suddenly, Bluebeard saw it. His jaw dropped. There was a boat out there: tiny, unlit, hidden by the vast expanse of dark water upon which it floated. It was only just about visible in the moonlit scene by the reflection of starlight on its hull; other than that it was invisible and would not have been noticed, had Jack not been swimming right for it. 
“Telescope!” roared Bluebeard frantically to nobody in particular. “Fetch the telescope! Find out who those scurvy dogs out there are!”
Agatha “Bottle-Neck” Saunders, the soberest of the lot of them, rushed off to find it and returned within the minute. She gazed through its lens and reported quickly, in shocked tone:
“Ninjas. There are ninjas in that boat.”
A hushed silence swept over the scene. The chaotic jeering and mocking which had previously been there was gone. The ship really did come to feel like a ghost ship as the life drained from the pirates’ faces, each of them lost in fearful contemplation.
“But I thought the war was over,” murmured Pointy Pete. 
“How many?” asked Bluebeard.
Agatha gazed down the telescope once more. “Three,” she reported. “And Jack. And…” She gulped. “And our gold. Jack took our gold and gave it to the ninjas.”
“The scoundrel!” yelled Bluebeard. He slammed his hook into the wood of the hull and there it lodged itself, stuck. “I trained him up in the ways of the pirates, and this is how he repays me?”
“He was a spy,” observed Agatha. “All along, he was a spy. For the ninjas.”
Agatha looked again through the telescope to get a better view. The boat was a simple rowing boat, its only distinguishing feature being a set of copper bolts attached to its side which glinted in the moonlight. Its oars were tucked inside and the four occupants were sitting on one end while the gold, contained within its ornate treasure chest, was on the other. The men in the boat were pushing up as hard as they could against their end in an effort to prevent the weight of the booty from sinking their tiny vessel. Nevertheless, despite the danger, they were happy. The four of them could be seen chatting away merrily: the three ninjas sitting statuesque with little smirks on their faces; the Boy gesticulating wildly as he told the tale of his daring escape. 
They were several hundred metres away from the Merry Martin, yet they were almost invisible against the dark seascape. Agatha could only barely make out their shapes and most of what she could see was guesswork, the clever workings of her mind to interpret confusing images. 
“It’s a rowing boat,” she announced. “The main ship must be close by.”
Bluebeard was, by now, virtually sober. Necessity had robbed his limbs of their drunken awkwardness and he was back to his normal, sharp-minded self.
“Sound the horn!” he called out. “Light the torches! Every man to his station! We’re catching ourselves some ninjas.”
Pointy Pete ran to get some light while Agatha picked up the nearby horn and blew with all her might. The crew was finally beginning to rouse themselves for they knew what the horn meant: danger, or else, adventure. They began to pick themselves up off the deck and struggle into standing positions, many of them nursing sore heads and complaining of lack of sleep.
Pointy Pete was dodging through these rising bodies towards the Captain’s quarters where the candles were lit. Once there, he robbed one of them and use it to set alight a long, wooden torch which was located near the door. It burst aflame instantly and lit up the whole scene with abundant heat and light, almost catching the doorframe and setting the ship on fire. He was careful, though. The accident was averted by a quick movement of his hand as he leapt out of the cabin and ran round the ship, lighting all the lanterns and banishing the eerie atmosphere created by a dark sky and a full moon.
Agatha continued to blow the horn, and the crew slowly assembled around the captain. The only missing members were Timmy the Brick and Woody, who were both still unconscious; even McCluskey had made it, despite having a gaping wound in his forehead.
“What’s going on, captain?” he slurred, barely intelligibly due to the combined effects of alcohol and concussion.
“Jack the Boy has stolen our loot and given it to the ninjas,” he announced to the crowd. “They are in a boat just several hundred yards from here. So I want every man to his position because we’re going to get that booty back!”
The crew let out a collective cheer and busied themselves into battle stations. Agatha went to the look-out; Liu retired to her cabin to conduct her mystical rituals and beg help from the gods; Pointy Pete ran to the galley to set up the cannons, should they be required, and McCluskey jumped behind the wheel and began to steer.
With predictable results. It was true that this was his normal job, but it was also true that he was not normally driving in such a state. The Captain gazed out proudly through the telescope at the worthless Japanese cads he was now pursuing who, realising they had been found, were rowing frantically away from the Merry Martin; yet as he saw them getting further away and leaving his field of vision, he began to twig that something was wrong.
“McCluskey!” he yelled when he turned and saw who was driving. “What are you doing?”
“Driving, cap’n,” replied McCluskey proudly. 
Bluebeard could see what was going wrong. McCluskey was steering the ship hard to port when the thieves were making away on the starboard side. In a rage, he ran up to the helm and confronted his idiotic crewmate.
“You’re going the wrong way, man!” he bellowed into his face. “Starboard! We need to be going starboard, you cretin!”
McCluskey turned a deep shade of purple and span the wheel in the opposite direction, finally turning the ship the right way. 
“Sorry, Cap’n,” he apologised sheepishly, and with a hint of fear. “It must be my head.”
Bluebeard looked upon his wound with disgust and rudely poked it with his index finger. McCluskey winced and involuntarily stepped backwards.
“He’s in no fit condition to be driving, captain,” came a voice from behind. He spun round to see Marley, the ship’s doctor, surgeon and witch-doctor all rolled into one. “He’s got concussion at least, and maybe something worse.”
Bluebeard turned back to McCluskey and gazed incredulously at the incompetence of his crewmate. “Give it here, lad!” he ordered and yanked the wheel away from McCluskey, taking the job of steering upon himself. The doctor took McCluskey by the arm and led him away, leaving the Captain alone at the prow.
He gazed backward at the ship he commanded. It was a sorry affair. Only half of the sails were hoisted and the crew seemed in complete disarray. One individual even fell from the rigging onto the deck below with an almighty crash, only to be ignored by his fellow shipmates as they dashed about on their business.
Bluebeard sighed. This was, he supposed, what was to be expected from a crew who were still half-drunk and half-asleep. 
“Bottle-Neck!” he called up to the look-out. “Where are they?”
“Starboard, captain, and getting away,” replied Agatha. 
Resolute, the captain kept the wheel on a course heading hard to starboard, his brow furrowed in frustration. The night was still dark and the lights on his ship were not helping: they merely made the sea darker by comparison, so that it was even harder to see where his ship was sailing. They were now sailing in a pool of bright water, illuminated by their own lanterns and torches, with pure darkness outside of it, ahead of them- and somewhere in that pure darkness lay their treasure, getting away in the clutches of thieves.
“Straight on, captain! They’re right ahead now!” called Agatha. Bluebeard pulled the wheel back round and put his ship on a straight heading. With the boat now going in the right direction, he cluctched the wheel with his one good hand and span on his axis to see behind him. It was a mixed scene. Marley was now attending to the casualty on the deck who had fallen from the rigging; most of his crew had now found their places, but some were still dashing around. 
An explosion came from the port side of the ship and Bluebeard jerked his head round to see a wasted cannon ball flying out to sea. He scowled. Pete, or one of his subordinates, had clearly allowed himself to be overcome by panic and let it off by accident. And as he followed the trail of the cannon ball, his eyes caught upon something else unacceptable: the sails were still not properly unfurled, meaning that he could point the ship in whatever direction he liked but it would not matter for it would not be going anywhere.
 “Unfurl the sails, for God’s sake!” he bellowed into the air behind him with such ferocity that it made every member of his crew shudder. A pirate always fears his captain’s rage and, though Bluebeard had not been happy all night, it was obvious his anger was rising. With Jack the Boy gone, his own crew would come to feel the force of his wrath as punishment for their incompetence if they could not successfully hunt down the fugitive. 
“Bottle-Neck! Can you still see them?”
“Barely,” replied Agatha. “They’re getting away. About half a mile away now, captain.”
He cursed beneath his breath. Yet as he felt his rage build further, his ship began to move as the sails were finally unfurled. He allowed a smile onto his face and beckoned towards the riggers with an encouraging gesture. The race was now well and truly on, and the Merry Martin was a real contender.
He rushed to the prow to watch excitedly as his colossus of a ship bore down upon its tiny target. The Merry Martin must have been going at least twice the speed of a measly rowing boat, so it was only a matter of (short) time before she caught her prey and recovered her treasure.
Bluebeard was left waiting, though. Seconds became minutes and minutes become more as the traitor and his ninja compatriots failed to come into sight. His excitement faded and he turned on the spot to address his faithful look-out.
“Where the hell are they?” he demanded angrily.
Agatha “Bottle-Neck” Saunders was shaking on the spot. “We’ve lost them,” she admitted sheepishly. “They’ve gone.”
Bluebeard’s rage returned and he lumbered himself towards the look-out’s nest in a fury. “Get down here!” he ordered. “How in God’s name did they escape?” 
“They were there,” she began to explain falteringly. “And then they weren’t. Darkness or smoke or something must have hidden them, but once it was gone… so were they.”
“I mean, they are ninjas,” she added nervously. “They are renowned for being sneaky, able to hide in shadows and disappear from sight.”
Bluebeard slapped his incompetent look-out. She was right, though. As much as his rage was now directed at her, they were ninjas and this is what ninjas do.
He remembered Liu’s words: “a hidden enemy like none we have encountered before, who can hide in shadows and in plain sight”. She had foreseen this. The gods had forsaken him today and handed his fate over to a concealed foe.
The ninjas were the natural enemies of the pirates. He had never met them before, never fought against them. After all, he roamed the seas around Britain and France; ninjas belonged in the straits of Japan, halfway round the world. What would they be doing here?
They had all heard the stories, handed down in pirate folklore, of the war between pirates and ninjas which had lasted for centuries. Nobody could quite remember how it had begun. All they knew was that when pirates and ninjas were in the same place, there could never be peace: only constant, bitter war between the two peoples.
So the generation before Bluebeard’s, or the generation before that (nobody was quite sure) had created a truce: the ninjas get one side of the world, the pirates the other. It had been this way for decades, centuries; both sides had passed down stories and tales about the other to keep them from interacting. The pirates had grown up with tales of men wearing black who would jump out from shadows and slit your throat before you even knew it. The ninjas had been raised on stories of loud, bearded men with no honour or respect who would shoot you at point-blank range and steal your goods. Both sides feared the other, and this was meant to keep them apart.
Now, though, the war was back on. Ninjas had been found off the northern coast of Scotland in a rowing boat out-pirating the pirates by stealing their own treasure from beneath their noses. It was an insult. It was an omen.
A bump and a crash pulled Bluebeard from his thoughts as the ship snagged on something underwater. There was a painful ripping noise, and then silence.
“What in God’s name was that?” roared Bluebeard. Agatha was still standing before him nursing her wounded pride and face. “Bottle-Neck, go back to the look-out at once and see what has happened!”
Eager to please her captain, she wordlessly clambered up the ladder like a monkey and within seconds was back in the crow’s nest. 
“Land,” she called down. “We’ve hit land!”
Bluebeard rushed to the prow and gazed down on an unexpected scene. The front hull of the Merry Martin was gauged open and letting in water, impaled upon a rock. Yet there was no chance of her sinking in the water that was two feet deep at most. There was a beach only a few yards away and on it could be seen the abandoned rowing boat which had so recently housed the Boy, his ninja friends and their stolen treasure. Their small vessel had landed safely while the Merry Martin was, for the first time, shipwrecked.
“Oh, the gods have surely abandoned us!” cried out the Captain in distress. “The hour of the pirates is over and the time of the ninjas is begun!”
“But how can this be?” he wailed. “Bottle-Neck, we were fifty miles from land! Where did this island come from?”
Agatha had by now descended from the crow’s nest and was busily checking her maps. “I don’t know, Captain. We’re either lost or this island has never been charted before.”
“You incompetent wretch! You lead us into a shipwreck and you can’t even tell us where we are? When we’re back at sea, it’s the plank for you.”
With that, he left Agatha “Bottle-Neck” Saunders fearing for her life on deck while he descended to Liu’s cabin to seek advice.
“Ah, captain,” she purred when he entered her residence. “How pleasant to see you. What troubles you, my lord?”
“Didn’t you hear that noise?” he snapped. “We’re shipwrecked. We’re shipwrecked, and you foretold it.”
He sat down on one of the many cushions in Liu’s room and tried to console himself in her company. As well as the ship’s astrologer, she was also the counsellor whose job it was to try to comfort the Captain when he needed it- in whatever way she could.
She approached him, gliding effortlessly over the immaculately kept wooden floorboards towards her Captain. Her residence was in sharp contrast to that of Bluebeard: whereas his was littered with bottles and trinkets strewn about the floor, Liu’s cabin was sparkling, even in places where it did not seem possible. The spotless floor was only the start: the walls, which should have been simple wooden planks, had been varnished to perfection and painted a pleasant shade of lilac; the space was organised according to eastern Fung Shui; the air was filled with the sickly sweet aroma of constantly burning incense. There was a window in the corner out of which Liu could gaze at the stars and offer sacrifices to the gods, around which silk curtains flapped merrily in the wind; wind which blew inside and spread the incense-scent around the room in currents of wind. There were different incense sticks burning, so that one could smell now apricot, now passion fruit, now orchids as the different smells wafted about and created a pleasant mélange of differing sensations. 
The Captain could almost forget the shipwreck as he lay there, ensconced in the cushioned beanbag and absorbed in the atmosphere of the place. As Liu grew near and began massaging his back and uttering soothing, incomprehensible noises which somehow bypassed the intellect and went straight to the soul, he allowed himself a rare smile and felt himself opening up to his Eastern wench.
“What have the gods said to you?” he inquired. “Have they abandoned us?”
She paused her massage to think and began her strange hand movements once more. The Captain turned to watch in fascination: it was less like she was conjuring and more like she was using an abacus to work out a sum. Her left hand seemed to be pushing around invisible beads, while her right was trying to grab at something and hold onto it. He had never been able to fathom what these movements meant, what his unusual companion was doing, but he trusted her. Perhaps he trusted her most out of anyone on board.
A wail came from deep in her throat and she fled to her window, holding out two incense sticks and dropping three gold coins in the water. Had anyone else been wasting treasure so flippantly Bluebeard would have gone spare, but he knew that where Liu was concerned, she was making an offering to the gods. And maybe, just maybe, that offering would appease them and bring the pirates out of their tricky situation.
“They say,” began Liu slowly from her position by the window, “that this is temporary. You must suffer much to be rewarded much.”
Bluebeard gazed over at her blankly. A small part of him was annoyed at her evasive answer; he had wanted detail, not rhetoric. Yet most of him was calm, peaceful (for how could you not be in the presence of Liu?); he could see wisdom in her answer. Yes, they had suffered much in theft and shipwreck, but he now knew that they would get out of it, sooner or later, and be rewarded for it. 
“But you have not suffered yet,” she continued, speaking suddenly as if the Muse had taken her by force and given her a new message. Her whole body lurched as she spoke. “There are more trials ahead on this island. On Cutthroat Island.”
Bluebeard smiled weakly. “Thank you, Liu,” he said, uncharacteristically calm. “I know what I have to do now. But first, entertain me awhile.”
She pulled herself out of her trance and returned from the land of the gods into the real world. Her eyes, previously dilated and fixed on nothing, now found a target in Bluebeard and were accompanied by a seductive smile. She pulled off her robe to reveal a very revealing garment underneath, picked up her flute and began to dance and play for her master, always with that melting smile upon her face.
It was mesmerising to watch. The music was haunting: the kind you could get lost in, that can take you away from the world and immerse you in a relaxed reality of your own creation. The dancing was the same: her hypnotic rhythms and perfect form were a feast for the eyes and eased the Captain’s weary mind. He allowed himself to slowly fall backwards into a lying down position and close one eye, taking himself away from a world which was often so stressful. 
He lay there for some ten minutes before recalling his Captainly duties. As he sat up, the reality of his situation and his job returned to him and he made to leave the comforting presence of his favourite Liu. She knew instinctively that it was time to stop, so she put down her flute and ceased dancing for him.
Before he could leave, she flew over to him and embraced him wordlessly. Words were not needed; her gaze told him all he needed to know: that if he should need her again, she would be there to provide the same service and that she would always be there to serve her Captain in whatever way she could.
Her gratitude was not misplaced. Ten years previously, the Merry Martin had become hopelessly, unbelievably lost and ended up in the South China Sea. It had moored itself on some strange beach to stock up on fuel and food. While most of the crew (which was, at that time, fairly small; only fifteen men made up the crew of the Merry Martin back then) were out marvelling at the exotic fruits and meats they could find, Bluebeard had stumbled upon a primitive village. He had called upon his men to join him and together they had stripped it bare of all its food and riches.
It was then, while they were retreating to the ship with arms laden with supplies, that he had seen her. She was just a girl back then, tied up next to one of the villager’s huts. She was not like the other villagers: her body shape, skin tone and accent told him that she had been taken as a slave by the locals from some distant part of the continent hundreds of miles away. Even as a child, she had been mesmerising to look at. Her gift for astrology had manifested itself early on, so by the time she was eleven (which is when the Captain had found her) it was already fairly well developed. There had been something mystical, unnameable and irresistible in her eyes, as if she were in a constant trance, in constant communion with the gods and the spirits. 
He had snatched her away immediately. To him it had just been about taking more booty, something else interesting to keep and collect on his ship. She, however, had seen it as rescue. The villagers of that strange place had treated her terribly. She had not been able to speak their language, so when they barked orders at her which she could not understand, she was punished for her “disobedience” with beatings and starvation. 
On the ship, life was better for her. She had been given a role (an important one at that) and had gradually learnt to speak English. After one month, the Captain could have basic conversations with her; after one year, she was almost fluent. Her accent remained strong and thick to this day, of course, but that was part of her appeal: it was a magical, exotic accent which could seduce you simply by hearing it. The Captain loved it. Although he had initially been as harsh with her as the villagers she had escaped, he soon came to adore his little Eastern beauty and after two months of living on board, their relationship went from master and slave to something more akin to an unorthodox type of marriage.
The Captain always enjoyed his visits to Liu’s quarters. There was a feeling of peace there, which always fell away as soon as he left the threshold of her doorway. Now was no exception: as he stepped out onto the deck, he felt his anger return as he became once more the aggressive pirate captain, king of all who lived on his ship. 
Agatha “Bottle-Neck” Saunders approached him, but he brushed her aside. He had not forgiven her and in all likelihood he never would. When he threatened her with the plank, he had meant it.
“Captain!” she called out. “Captain, please!”
He walked away from her towards the prow. When she persisted in following him, he pulled her close to him threateningly, holding her by the scruff of her collar.
“Bottle-Neck,” he growled. “If you keep following me like this, I’ll spare you the mercy of making you walk the plank into the sea and dash your body on the rocks instead.”
With that, he turned, leaving her quaking in her boots, and continued on his way to the prow.
Marley was standing there with McCluskey, who was still concussed and bleeding. The doctor was trying to administer a bandage to his forehead and stop the blood flowing. By now it had largely dried up, but a steady trickle was still coursing its way down his cheeks- much to McCluskey’s amusement. He was giggling like an imbecile and licking the blood as it entered his mouth. Marley was doing his level best to stop this deranged behaviour, but he was a man of mind, not muscle; the sheer braun of McCluskey’s form made it difficult for the medicine man to hold him down and do the treatment.
“For God’s sake, what’s happening here?” demanded Bluebeard.
“He won’t accept the treatment!” shouted Marley, flustered. He had to shout to simply be heard over the mindless chattering of the now insane McCluskey. “He just keeps trying to drink his own blood as if it were a game! Honestly, Captain, I’m struggling.”
“Give it here,” said Bluebeard. He pushed Marley out the way and shoved McCluskey onto the deck. The blood was now following gravity onto the wooden planks of the ship, no longer within reach of McCluskey’s tongue, and he was visibly upset by this development.
“Get off me Captain, get off!” he was yelling. “I need to drink my blood or I’ll lose it and I’ll die!”
“Get a hold of yourself, man,” ordered his Captain, but he could not be silenced. He kept wailing and crying and giggling all in one confusing cacophony of sound. Bluebeard tried to administer the bandage himself, but the man would not stop rolling about and moving his head. The task was quite impossible, so the Captain did the only thing he could: he punched the annoying loon right in the face and knocked him out cold.
“Captain!” exclaimed the doctor. “What have you done?”
“He’ll be alright in the morning,” replied Bluebeard. “Now put that bandage on him while you can.”
Marley went about his task immediately, silently disapproving of the Captain’s chosen anaesthetic. Bluebeard, meanwhile, approached the prow and looked out onto the beach.
“We’re going to have to assemble a landing party,” he mused. “Liu tells me this place is called Cutthroat Island, and that there will be much suffering here. She also tells me that we’ll win out in the end. We have no choice. We must go.”
He turned to Marley, who was almost done with the bandage.
“Marley, when you’re done with McCluskey, I want you to assemble every pirate on board this damned vessel who is able to come on land. And then- we raid!”
Although a doctor, Marley was also a pirate, and the mention of a raid inflamed his pirate instincts into a state of unbridled excitement. He punched the air with his fist and uttered an impassioned “arr!” before abandoning his patient (with the bandage not fully on yet) and dashing onto deck to find himself a landing party.
He returned in moments with a small group assembled and ready to go. As well as himself and the captain, there was old Ethelred, still nursing his wounds; Timmy the Brick, famed for both his clumsiness and his carpentry (which often clashed and were the reason he was missing several fingers); skinny, groggy Woody, who had lived in the forests of Ireland before joining the Merry Martin and was a skilled forager and hunter; and Jake the Peg, so called because of his wooden leg (which he earned after a ship-building session with Timmy).
More arrived soon after. Redbeard, Greenbeard and Yellowbeard all bounded up the steps together, triplets and younger brothers of the Captain; Princess Alice, a royal originally “kidnapped” from Sweden who had actually volunteered  for Bluebeard’s crew to escape the stuffy life which awaited her as Queen; and finally, Agatha “Bottle-Neck” Saunders, so-called because of her long neck and her unique ability to open bottles with her Adam’s apple.
“No!” roared Bluebeard. “No, Bottle-Neck, no! I am not having you on this team, you dog.” He spat those words out with pure hatred. “Yellowbeard, Redbeard, take her to the brig. I’ll deal with her when I get back.”
“But it was an accident!” she protested wildly, desperately. “How could I have seen the island when you had called me down from the crow’s nest?”
Bluebeard raised a hand to stop his brothers, who had just grabbed the accused’s arms and were about to drag her away. He strode slowly, ominously, towards her until he was an inch away from her face. She could feel his breath bearing down on her skin; she could smell its vile stench in her nostrils and tried to back away, only to find herself held in place by the firm hands of the Captain’s brothers. 
“Are you,” he began, slowly and sinisterly, “trying to say that it’s my fault we’re shipwrecked here?”
“No sir!” she cried out. “Not at all!”
Bluebeard didn’t accept her answer. Instead, he simply spat in her face and slapped her twice on each cheek, hard. She winced each time and involuntarily let out a tear- a fact which did not evade Bluebeard’s attention.
“Look at this, lads!” he gloated. “She’s crying, poor thing!”
The assembled pirates burst into hoards of laughter. Bottle-Neck tried not to be phased by it all, holding her face as resolutely as possible. Her attempt at a poker face amused the pirates even more, and they nearly split their sides with laughter at the weakness of their comrade. 
Eventually the Captain raised his hand to stop the ruckus. “Take her away, boys,” he ordered coldly and turned his back as she was dragged downstairs.
“Right, are we ready? Is this it?” he asked incredulously. It was a sorry sight: on a ship of thirty, only nine were standing before him. “Come on, where’s everyone else?”
As if in answer, Pointy Pete came dashing up the stairs to the prow from the galley where he had been looking after the cannons. He could be heard before he could be seen: a loud jangling noise of metal on metal and boots on wood, and then his long face appeared over the horizon of the staircase accompanied by three lads from the gunnery: Jawface Jones, Simon the Holy and Gunner Zach. Together, they brought the number of the landing party up to a more acceptable thirteen. 
They filed wordlessly into the crowd and stood to attention, waiting for the captain’s orders. A pirate is normally by nature a raucous, wild creature, but the lads of the galley and gunnery were more disciplined and serious than most, especially when it came to war.
Bluebeard was happy with his little landing party now. Thirteen was not ideal, but it was enough, and the assembled crowd contained enough variety of skill to make the mission successful.
Whatever the mission was. The basic idea was obvious: get onto the island and recover the treasure. Yet the specifics remained shrouded in darkness. Precisely what was on this island, who they would meet and how many, was unclear. Cutthroat Island sounded like a pirate name, but the fact that it was hidden from all maps and even from a look-out as sharp as Bottle-Neck Saunders implied that it had very ninja-like qualities. And ninjas were very tricky customers indeed. 
The pirates of the Merry Martin had fought off Scottish clansmen, English uniformed solders, French revolutionaries and Irish dartsmen. They had wrestled with the yeti to steal his fur and they had come into conflict with topless Russian beasts fuelled by vodka, and on every occasion they had won. Yet on every occasion they had also known their enemy. Their strengths and weaknesses had been obvious: the Scots wore no armour, the English were not flexible, the French were disorganised, etc. The very nature of a ninja, that he can hide in open spaces and essentially become invisible, was unnerving. All they knew of their new foe had been handed down in second-hand fairytales about hidden bogeymen which kept pirate children awake at night. Beyond that, they knew nothing.
So a little Dutch courage was called for. The ship’s resident barman and brewer, Simon the Holy, had brought with him the obligatory bottles of rum to share between the landing party before they went. It may seem strange for them to be drinking so soon after recovering from their whiskey hangovers, but it must be remembered that these are pirates we’re talking about. It’s quite likely that none of them have had a sober day in years.
“To victory, and recovering the gold, and smashing those ninja cads to tiny pieces!” toasted the Captain. The landing party cheered and greedily drank down their share of the rum. Then, merrily tipsy, they stumbled towards the little rowing boat attached to the side of the ship and hopped in.
Well, they would have done- except it wasn’t there. In one horrific moment of realisation, the crew discovered that the boat which had been used by the ninjas to escape with the gold had been their boat; the escape raft attached to the side of the Merry Martin. 
The implications were chilling. Literally, for the first realisation was that they would have to swim for shore through the freezing waters rather than sail or row in the relative comfort of a dry boat. The second realisation, though, was more so: for as he contemplated the second theft, the Captain realised that the ninjas must have been on board all this time to have stolen the boat, at least since the Scottish raid fifty miles and twenty four hours back. On a relatively small ship with a crew of thirty, three ninjas had managed to hide undetected for at least one day, maybe longer.
He did not need to explain this to his crew, for they had all realised too, despite their slow wit. 
“Look sharp, lads,” he said quietly. “There may be more of them.”
The assembled pirates drew their weapons: guns and swords, knives and spears, in preparation for an attack. Bluebeard went for his cutlass but found it missing. Then, in a blaze of rage at himself, he cursed his stupidity and realised that he had left his weapon in his cabin.
From whence came a scream: the unmistakeable shriek of Liu. He, and the twelve other pirates with him, rushed to his cabin to see what was happening. He kicked the door in off its hinges and saw, to his horror, his window open with Liu standing on the ledge. She was not alone, however, for a fourth ninja was standing with her holding Bluebeard’s cutlass to her throat.
“Don’t follow us,” warned the stranger. He spoke almost in a whisper, yet the whole room heard him. “Or your beloved Liu will face the chop.”
With that, he leapt out of the window into the waiting waters below and dragged Liu with him. Bluebeard rushed to the precipice to see his Eastern enchantress being dragged away by the masked stranger, still screaming.
“Captain!” she called out desperately. “Captain, save me!”
“I’m coming!” he replied. His voice was different with her; it was tender, caring, almost compassionate- a sharp contrast to the gruff voice with which he spoke to his crew. “Well, what are you waiting for?” He yelled to his landing party. “Let’s get after her!”
So the thirteen pirates formed a haphazard queue before the window and began to leap into the water one by one: first Bluebeard, then Marley, then Princess Alice and the rest of them, until, at last, as Yellowbeard fell into the cold Atlantic water, all thirteen of them were out.
The water was deeper than it looked. It was not deep enough for a ship the size of the Merry Martin to sink in it, but when the pirates landed in the water their feet could not touch the bottom. This was fortunate, for as Bluebeard belatedly realised shallow water would have meant certain death for them- or at least broken bones. In his passion, he had forgotten the height of the fall from his cabin and thoughtlessly ordered his men to leap into the unknown. As usual. He grinned- this was the pirate way, taking life as it came and chancing it every time.
He was just about to give the order to swim for shore when a fourteenth splash came from somewhere behind him. He turned, surprised, to see Bottle-Neck Saunders in the water far behind him and his small crew, bobbing up and down and gasping for breath. She was barely visible in the dark waters: the only thing illuminating her was the weak light from the moon and the warm glow of the lamps on deck. Her form was just a floating black shape distinguishable only through the shadow it was casting on the water. 
She had walked the plank herself, of her own accord. Apparently fearful of being dashed upon the rocks or made a public mockery of, she had downed a bottle of rum for Dutch courage and thrown herself into the deep when she thought nobody else was looking. She had always been a proud individual: the thought of being publicly humiliated in front of her crew would have been more horrifying to her than that of death in the icy sea.
Which of course meant that her current situation was mortifying for her.
“Bottle-Neck!” thundered Bluebeard. “What in God’s name are you doing?”
She turned suddenly to see her audience. The twitch of her silhouette was enough to see that she had recognised her onlookers, and, although darkness shrouded her entire figure, you could be sure that her cheeks had turned a deep shade of scarlet.
“Swimming,” came the sheepish reply. She dared not admit what she had really been doing, despite the fact that everybody knew. “Thought I’d look for some fish.”
The thirteen pirates glanced at each other and roared with laughter at their friend’s humiliation. Saunders had been lucky, for she had evaded death in the fall and the water, but she wished she hadn’t. Anything would be preferable to the mockery she was now receiving.
Bluebeard was livid. Yet as he noticed the merriment in his crew, the lightening of an otherwise tense and fearful atmosphere, his spirit lifted and he chose to give his treacherous crewmate a second chance.
“Come over here, you daft cod,” he called. “There’s no need for you to walk the plank now. Besides, we need an extra set of legs.”
Bottle-Neck did not move; she remained a silhouette in the distance. After a short pause came the reply: “You mean I’ve been pardoned?”
“Yes, you great lump!” said Bluebeard. “Now get over here before I change my mind. We’ll need you on Cutthroat Island, anyway. You’ll be good for a laugh.”
Another pause. Then: “Cutthroat Island? Where’s that?”
Bluebeard was beginning to get annoyed. “It’s that great rock you crashed my ship into!” he roared. “Liu did a much better job of navigating than you. She at least knew what it was called.”
“Oh,” replied the Bottle-Neck, voice full of wounded pride. “I’ll be on my way then.”
The thirteen watched as the silhouette began to draw nearer. When she was within five yards of them, her face became visible and it was as crimson as any of them had expected. She was met by jeers and friendly pats on the back by her crewmates, who were all glad to have her back, at least for the continuous stock of jokes she could provide. In a bored moment they could all think back and laugh once more at the pirate who went “swimming” off the traitor’s plank.
In all the intrigue, the pirates- now fourteen of them- had forgotten where they were. Now Bottle-Neck had joined them, they began to notice the cold nipping at their feet and stabbing their sides like a myriad of knives. It had not been so bad at first, but continued exposure to Jack Frost’s icy claws was beginning to tell and they were eager to be on their way.
So they swam. Bluebeard led the party in a synchronised front crawl along the short distance to the shore. It was not so short for some of them, however: Jake the Peg struggled considerably, for swimming with a wooden leg is, as you would expect, quite an effort. Ethelred, too, lingered near the rear of the pack, still winded from the assault he had suffered from the Captain’s foot. Nevertheless, even these two managed to keep up so that the pack of them arrived at the same time on the sandy stretches of the beach.
It was an eerie sight in the moonlight. The sand, normally golden and sparkling, was an odd luminescent grey colour, a haunting backdrop to a strange landscape. In contrast to the sea, the beach seemed to stretch out for about a mile ahead as far as the eye could see right up until the sand dunes which obscured the horizon. What lay behind these dunes was a mystery, the only clue being the sprouting of several tree canopies visible from the other side and a near constant plume of smoke coming from the west which obscured the stars in the sky.
Woody instinctively stepped forward ahead of his crewmates to scout out the area. Having grown up as a wild lad, a man of nature and forests, he could read the world around him like words on a page. Every broken twig, every oddly stacked pile of sand, every dead or dying insect provided a clue for him as to if and when someone had gone by here. He slowly scoured the beach to the left and the right, concentration etched on his thin face.
“What do you see, boy?” inquired the Captain.
His answer did not come quickly. His head was too engrossed in his task for him to notice the shout from his captain at first. Yet upon the call he began to circle round back towards his pirate leader, a glum look on his face.
“Nothing,” he confessed. “The stories were true. Ninjas are masters of disguise, able to hide anywhere- and, presumably, also able to hide their tracks.”
“But where did they go?” roared Bluebeard. “We were following them, and they weren’t all that far ahead of us. How in God’s name did they disappear? What, are they hiding in the sand?”
The Captain paused for thought while he calculated what to do, and his assembled pirates began to chatter amongst themselves nervously. He could hear them talking and, though he could not make out every word they said, a paranoid side of his brain came out questioning whether they were doubting his leadership abilities.
Specifically he was thinking of his brothers, Yellowbeard, Redbeard and Greenbeard. All triplets, and all one year younger than him, he had emerged as the natural leader of their small crew. They had set out, all four of them, fifty years back on the Merry Martin (then called the “Bloody Skull) in search of infamy and fortune, adventure and treasure. Along the way they had accumulated more and more crewmates until they had the current number of thirty, but to start with it was just them- and there had been a bitter struggle for who would be the leader. Bluebeard had won in the end due to his great size and strength, but now he was getting older, his mind slower. 
He knew his brothers were constantly doubting him, constantly trying to topple him so that they could take his position at the head of the ship. That was why he kept all three of them on board: if they were all there, their time would be spent squabbling among themselves rather than electing one figurehead and planning a mutiny.
They spoke like Tweedle-Dee and Tweedle-Dum (and Tweedle-Doo, if there was a third one in that series), and Bluebeard could imagine their conversation.
“He’s not very good, that one.”
“No, not very good indeed.”
“Can’t even hold onto his wench, can he.”
“No, he can’t, that he can’t.”
“We’d do a better job, would we.”
“You mean I would.”
“No, I, say I!”
And at that point in the conversation their complaints would descend into harsh words and squabbling against one another, neutralising their threat.
Still, Captain Bluebeard was in no mood for mutiny tonight. He drew his pistol (which he had snatched from his cabin upon jumping from the window) and pointed it at his brothers.
“If any one of you even thinks about mutiny tonight, it’s a bullet through each of your heads,” he growled ferociously. His crew’s mutterings stopped immediately. He could not be sure that anybody had been uttering mutinous sentiments, but his tired mind was unable to think straight and, with ninjas anywhere and a possible double agent, he could see enemies in every shadow.
“We head towards to smoke,” he declared. “Out west. Let’s go!”
The crew marched in silence towards the plume in the sky: silent partly out of fear for ninjas, but partly out of fear for their own captain. Each was wary, eyeing the scene around them and even the people around them with suspicion. Every hand was hovering close to a pistol or blade, ready for a fight if one was to come.
The beach was indeed long. How the ninjas had escaped along it without being seen, and how they had managed to avoid leaving any tracks, was beyond the intellects of most of Bluebeard’s men for it took them many minutes to traverse the shifting sands and behind them was a clear trail of footsteps and peg legs. Near the shore they had been gifted with the faint glow of the Merry Martin’s lantern light; out here, though, half a mile inland the only illumination came from the moon. The crew were jittery in the darkness: any shadow or movement left them reeling. Ethelred even let fire one of his throwing knives at one point, only to see it land handle-up in a sand dune. He had been startled by nothing more than a rat- which, to his credit, he had managed to successfully skewer. After a quick telling off by the Captain, it was conceded that he had done well to at least get them that morning’s breakfast.
“Bottle-Neck” Saunders was lagging at the end, still embarrassed by her humiliation in the water. She was avoiding talking to anyone lest they mock her more. Her eyes, though, were as sharp as ever, and her look-out’s instinct was as clear as ever. Any small sound would prick her attention and she would turn her head to see where it had come from. Most of the time it was a small rat or fox like the one Ethelred had caught, but on one occasion, when the crew was close to the dunes, she heard something that didn’t sound like an animal.
She held her hand up to stop her crewmates. When they did not notice, she called out:
“Captain! I think I saw something.”
The party stopped suddenly and examined their look-out. Thirteen eyes all bearing down on her at once- the pressure was heavy on her shoulders; could she redeem herself for her error in getting the ship wrecked?
Bluebeard took out a lantern from his bag. He had implicitly chosen that they should walk in the dark to avoid being seen, yet now they needed light simply in order to see whether a ninja had been spotted.
“Where?” he inquired in a whisper.
She pointed, and he shone a light in the direction she was indicating. It lit up a bare patch of sand in the middle of the beach, totally indistinguishable from any other patch of sand anywhere else. Nobody was there.
“I swear…” she said, her voice trailing off. Even if she had had anything else to say, though, her words would have been obscured by the Captain’s shouts:
“You great blind bat! Pipe down, dog, or I may push you off the plank one more time.”
Bottle-Neck went back to walking silently, hidden, behind the rest of her crewmates, now more ashamed than ever before. Her fellow pirates could be heard mumbling to each other and laughing under their breath.
She had once almost been the Captain’s favourite crewmate-  how had she fallen so far? He had rescued her from a brothel in Bristol. Well, “rescued” is a fairly inaccurate term, for the Captain simply wanted his own personal prostitute. Had he followed his intentions, she would have been no better off on board than back home. Yet he had shown mercy upon her when she displayed keen sight and a skill for navigating; he had re-assigned her role from being the ship’s wench to being the ship’s navigator, a much more important and dignified role. Now she was useless, her only reason for being kept on shattered when she did the same to her Captain’s vessel.
Unbeknownst to her, nor indeed to any of the crew, Bottle-Neck had been right. What she had seen had not been a trick of the shadows or a rat or a mouse; rather, it had been the careless form of Jack the Boy, lying hidden with his ninja companions. They, being experts in secrecy, had become successfully invisible; he, trained only as a loud, clumsy pirate, had almost given the game away.
“We must be quiet now, boy,” hissed Hirosaki, the ninja leader. “They cannot see us.”
“Sorry,” Jack had uttered in humble whisper. “I’m not as good at this as you are.”
In the dark and under his mask, Hirosaki’s face was hidden; yet the Boy was sure his new master was smiling.
“It’s okay,” he reassured. “We’ll train you good. You will be a good ninja. Now, though, you stay with us, hidden.”
A sudden thought struck him. “Unless…” 
Ninjas are experts at the poker face. They can not only hide their bodies anywhere in the world; they can also hide their soul and their emotions behind a cold mask of a face. Right now, Hirosaki was doing just that as a plan emerged in his consciousness.
“Jack, I have an idea,” he said, and whispered it into his ear.
That idea would come to haunt and surprise the pirate foe; however, it will not be revealed right here, right now, to either you or the pirates. Instead, we shall return the narrative over to our rum-swigging heroes as they blunder up the sand dunes towards whatever lies beyond. 
Presently they came to the top of the dunes and were surveying the scene below. The treetops they had been able to see from a distance were just the stray long hairs in a vast canopy  spreading out into the distance: a huge, dense forest with but one clearing in it, and that clearing was the source of the smoke. 
Quite what was causing it was unclear for now: a cottage, a factory, a campfire; all of these were possibilities. What it meant for certain, though, was civilisation, life, help in finding the ninjas and their stolen booty, or else a chance to gain extra booty on top. 
So the pirates found a new lease of life. They forgot their present troubles and leapt forward at the possibility of adventure and loot, charging through the forest as fast as their legs (both real and wooden) could carry them. The trees flew past them: oak, pine, chestnut, they could not tell in the darkness. Under the cover of a canopy, not even moonlight can illuminate the way: instead, all they had was a strange, unidentified light ahead of them, presumably from their destination. Could it be warm, lit-up windows, or perhaps a fire in the middle of a glen? From this distance it was not clear, but they were closing in fast.
The ground was soft and muddy, coated in a carpet of autumnal leaves fallen from the trees above. The trees were spaced quite far apart: thin trunks somehow carried wide, massive canopies which stretched out in each direction and entangled in their neighbour’s branches. There was little chance, then, of bumping into any of the trees, even in this light; yet some pirates managed to do so. Princess Alice, a comparatively new recruit not used to such conditions, could be heard repeatedly grunting as she knocked now her arm, now her heard against the deciduous foliage they passed; Jake the Peg, on one occasion, got his wooden leg stuck in a boggy mire and had to fashion himself a new one from a nearby branch. Their excitement drove them forward, though, and such setbacks did not stop them or even slow them down so that by the time they were half-way there, the fourteen pirates had spread out so widely that they were no longer a group but more like a race, each one running for themselves and themselves only.
Which made them excellent and easy targets to pick off, had anyone in the woods chosen to do so. Who was there and who would have done that was a mystery, but by the time they all reached the clearing it was obvious: there was one missing. Fourteen had entered the woods and only thirteen had come out.
“Who is it?” cried Bluebeard. “Who has been taken?”
He counted those in his presence and found everyone present except for Bottle-Neck Saunders, she who had lagged at the back of the pack and become lost- or kidnapped- in the maze of trees.
“Marley, Woody, go and find her,” said Bluebeard, irritated. “The rest of us- booty time!”
He spoke now in an excited voice, and he was right to be excited: for what he had found in the clearing was a vast mansion glittering in gold and diamonds with one solitary chimney on top out of which was spewing the vast quantities of smoke they had been chasing. The door was the height of ten men and almost as wide as his ship. It was truly a spectacle to behold.
He, and the ten pirates left with him, were certain they would enjoy stripping this place bare and taking the hoard back home with them. What a pity, then, that his enjoyment of this hoard was hampered slightly by the fact that Saunders was missing. He did not know what to think of it. It was possible that she had simply got lost or lagged behind, but that was unlikely. Despite the fact that she had been uncharacteristically slow-witted today and caused the crash of his beloved ship, she was normally a sharp customer, the best navigator he had ever known. No, then, she could not have become lost in the woods.
It was the ninjas, he was sure of it. They had taken his wench and now they had taken his navigator, who just happened to be another of his wenches. If they were to take Princess Alice now, he would find himself entirely wenchless.
Princess Alice… he smiled. He remembered the day she had come aboard. She exuded simultaneously an air of class and a fiery grit uncommon to people of her social standing. Bluebeard had led a daring raid on the home of the Swedish royal family when he thought it to be largely empty, only to find this little lass sitting in the living room sipping tea. She had not been frightened, though, at the sight of a grizzly middle aged man with a sprawling beard of unnatural blue standing in her doorway pointing a gun at her; rather, she had seem positively excited at his incursion into her ordinarily drab existence. Instead of having to kidnap her, she had practically begged to be allowed on board their ship. 
That had been three months ago. Now, with some experience on the sea and in the company of pirates, it was no secret that she was beginning to have second thoughts about her decision. It was like her personality was split in two: the classy princess who wanted luxury and servants took up one part of her psyche, while a gritty tomboy out for adventure and tired of regal tradition occupied another. They would fight each other and depending on her mood, you could tell which side had one. Some days she would wake up and greet her crewmates with a hearty “arr!”, and on those days you knew the rebel inside her had won. Other days, though, she would appear sullen and scared and avoid interacting with anyone. On those days, despite her pirate get-up with her torn shirt and patterned bandana, you could once more see the spoilt princess in her, longing again for the days when she would be waited on hand and foot by serving men in neat suits. 
Today she was in one of the latter moods. The mud and darkness and fighting and danger were taking a toll on her mood and she stood in the midst of her pirate brethren and yet at the same time distant from them, arms folded and face glum. Bluebeard was very protective of her, though. To him, she was like living booty, better than any crown or necklace. As he had said to her on her arrival, “why have the gold when you can have the princess instead?”. 
“Look after this one,” he indicated to his crew, and they needed no coercion. They, too, being red-blooded male pirates (and hence having little respect for women), treasured their last remaining (and, if it may be said, most conventionally beautiful) maiden more than most of their gold and bullions. Liu and Saunders were gone, so this one needed more protection than ever.
Bluebeard stepped forward towards the mansion with one eye on the forest behind him at all times, and his crew followed. There was a path to the front entrance leading out of the woods which had many signs adorning it, each one flashing messages such as “Beware- Danger of Death” and “Enter at Your Own Risk”. Such warnings merely act as catnip to a pirate, though; they simply increased their sense of adventure and excitement at the booty they could steal.
The door was locked. Apparently whoever lived here was out, which was a good sign. Eagerly the pirates began shooting and slicing at the door with their guns and cutlasses until it swung open to reveal a wondrous sight to all those looking on.
The door opened onto an elaborate hallway. A red velvet carpet stretched out ahead of them towards an enormous staircase with handrails of gold leaf and mahogany. The carpet continued all the way up the stairs and split into two paths, one leading right, the other left, onto a landing just a little too high for the pirates to see. The size of the hall and that of the steps was literally gigantic. Just one stair was almost the height of a single man, leading the crew to speculate in wonder and awe that this may be the home of a giant.
Everything was in vast proportions. The suits of armour which decorated the hallway’s walls and the doors leading off the sides appeared designed for a man twice, thrice, four times the size of any normal human being. In fact, it may not have been designed for a human being at all: for the suits of armour possessed one small extra detail which pricked the curiosity: a space for a tail, jutting out where the buttocks should be. 
A grin grew on Bluebeard’s face and he could not have stopped it if he wanted to. He was in pirate heaven. All thoughts of the stolen booty were gone now, for Saunders’ mistake in crashing the ship had turned out to be a godsend. They could abandon their treasure to the ninjas quite happily and replace it all, and more, with the gems they found here in this strange, huge mansion in the middle of the forest.
“Drink up, lads,” he called out, “We’ve got some collecting to do!”
“Consider it shore leave,” he continued. “Take as much time as you like to find the choicest items you can and get as much as you can carry back to the ship. I make it about half past five in the morning now; I want to be gone by midday at the latest. So enjoy yourselves! You have over six hours to explore and play.”
Bluebeard’s glee was shared by all around him; the greed in their faces was impossible to ignore. They split up into pairs and darted off in all directions: into the rooms adjoining the hallway, up the stairs, into the cellar. Bluebeard was left alone in the hallway, relishing the opportunity before him. Yet he could not enjoy it properly knowing that several of his crew were still missing so, unknown to his crew, he slipped out of the mansion making a mental note to return before midday. 
The three beards- Yellow, Green and Red- had all gone off together, as always, and found themselves in the dining room. You can imagine what they looked like based simply upon their names. They were born as identical triplets with only one distinguishing feature between them: their hair colour. Yellowbeard had been alright, for blonde is a fairly normal colour. Redbeard had not suffered too much either. Sure, he may have been picked on for being ginger, but he could have had worse. He could have been Greenbeard. Being born with Green hair instantly marks you out as freak; it means your childhood will be plagued with bullying and teasing about “mossboy” and “the mouldy man”. Yellowbeard and Redbeard had, truth be told, been reluctant pirates; it was only upon the insistence of Greenbeard that they had joined him and their older brother in starting up the pirate trade.
Which meant that Greenbeard was the more enthusiastic of the three of them. He was the grittier, fiercer, angrier one, more excited by gold and more indignant that he had never been given a chance at the captaincy. Bluebeard’s suspicions earlier had been right: although he had only heard his brothers mumbling incoherently, they had, as per his doubts, been mumbling about their Captain’s incompetence and how they should take over. Greenbeard had been the most vociferous critic of his leader, but now he was his most enthusiastic fan. 
“Our captain is good, yes he is,” he said happily.
“Led us to the treasure, that he did,” concurred his red-headed brother.
“We should not try to topple him, no we should not,” confessed Yellowbeard.
“I’d be a good captain, though, I would,” mused Greenbeard.
“A better one I would be,” disagreed Redbeard.
The two of them glanced at Yellowbeard for his turn in the conversation. It had become almost a ritual now that each time they talked it would follow this exact pattern, and now it was up to Yellowbeard to say his piece. Yet he was too mesmerised by the gold around them, distracted in particular by a golden goblet designed by none other than Golbline himself- Golbline, the famous Austrian jeweller whose very signature could sell at auction for thousands, if not millions, of pounds. 
“I want this one, I do,” he interjected, taking the goblet and stashing it in his pocket.
His brothers forgot their debate about who would be the best captain and turned their attention to the treasure surrounding them. 
“This one is mine, yes it is,” announced Greenbeard as he grabbed an ornate shield of Greek design.
“I’m taking this, yes I am,” called out Redbeard as he pounced upon a jewel-encrusted necklace just lying on the floor.
It was inconceivable how obscenely rich the owner of his house must be. Every piece of furniture was made from some precious metal or expensive jewel; every space occupied by necklaces and broaches simply lying about the place. The three brothers soon abandoned their conversation and went about greedily, busily, collecting anything and everything that shined in the light from the sun.
Yes, the sun! For it was now approaching sunrise and the red haze of the rising star shining through the clouds was beaming down through a vast window in the east side of the room and giving everything in its gaze a warm, red glow. The combination of sunrise and abundant gold, and the passing of the hangover from last night’s partying, made the pirates even more merry than they had been and they began to hum a famous pirate ditty about mermaids and sea monsters as they busily worked, cramming every pocket and crevice full of anything valuable they could find. 
The dining room itself was an ornate affair. It had a superhuman sized dining table in the centre and huge windows on three of the four walls. Near the ceiling was a second storey with a balcony hugging all four walls and  leading out into other rooms, along which Pointy Pete and Jawface Jones came presently ambling, themselves with pockets bursting with booty.
They barely noticed the bearded brethren below as they gazed in wonder at the silver decorations hanging from the walls around them.
“Look at this!” exclaimed Pete, his greedy hands holding onto a particularly fine example of sixteenth century art.
“Hmm,” mumbled Jones, uninterested. His attention was taken up by an ornate cannon ball encrusted with gems. The pirate in him wanted to be enthralled by the beauty, but the gunner in him was disappointed. “Not very practical, this fellow,” he mused aloud. “I mean, a jewel encrusted cannon ball? Wouldn’t do very well in a fight.”
Pete wheeled round on his colleague, aghast.
“Wouldn’t do very well in a fight?” he exclaimed, gobsmacked. “That’s hardly the point Jones. Look at the sparkle! The value in that thing! Why, we’d be king of the pirate world just by having it.”
“Imagine the fights,” he continued, holding the uncomfortable Jawface Jones by the shoulders. He was so called because of his prominent chin and propensity to casually hang his mouth open when social custom should tell him not to. This was something he did especially during emotional or disturbing situations, exhibiting his impressive collection of abnormally large teeth. Now was such a time- he did not much care for intimacy.  
“Imagine the faces of our scurvy foes when they find a jewel-encrusted cannon ball flying at their ship. Imagine what they’d be thinking! Why, we must be up against some skilled raiders if they can afford to throw around booty like that- that’s what they’d be thinking. The Merry Martin would become the talk of the sea, the pirates with infinite gold. No, I’m taking this- I’m taking this and putting it in my gunnery.”
The imagery was lost of Pete’s practical crewmate. “All the same, it wouldn’t be very good as a projectile.” Jones was examining the ball with his eagle eyes, seeking out clues as to how aerodynamic it would be in flight and how much damage it could do to an enemy ship. “It’s so heavy it would just sink to the very bottom of the sea. Our enemies wouldn’t even see what it looked like, so the effect would be lost.”
Pointy Pete looked down on his subordinate disappointedly. “Romance is lost on you, isn’t it?” he snapped, to which Jones simply shrugged. 
“I’m just being practical,” he replied.
The two of them continued through the myriad of potential trinkets separately, as if browsing through a supermarket or shopping centre, entirely unconcerned that this was the house of a giant and his goods were not up for sale. They picked up the odd item that grabbed their interest, often following the same process that they had for the cannon ball: Pete would wax lyrical about its value as booty while Jones would point out its practical problems and irritate his boss.
“All I’m saying is that gold is really not a very good material for a blade,” explained Jones on one such occasion. “It’s too weak and floppy and would break so easily.”
“Yes, but- a golden sword!” exclaimed Pointy Pete. “A golden sword! Surely even you can appreciate that value of that? The prestige? The fact that even if it lost you a battle, you’d be remembered forever by your conqueror as the man with the golden sword?”
“Not really,” shrugged Jones. “I’d prefer a steel one.”
Pete sighed with exasperation and continued his search slightly ahead of Jones. The two of them were browsing differently: Pete’s efforts were characterised by excitement and boundless energy, while Jones was simply lazily picking up trinket after trinket and not giving any of them much thought save for practical criticisms of their usage. It went on like this for a further few minutes until Jones noticed something through the southern window.
“Pete,” he called. “Look at what I’ve found.”
Pete reluctantly turned back to his crewmate expecting yet another argument about the practical uses of an essentially aesthetic object, but found that his friend was pointing to something different entirely.
“Out the window, on the path. Look who’s there.”
Pete focused as well as he could on the shapes of two figures walking side by side towards the mansion. Though the hazy glow of a risen sun was obscuring his vision, it looked as if it was the Captain, returning (from God knows where, for he had not told his crew he was going anywhere) with the silhouette of a boy.
Of Jack the Boy.
As he drew nearer, Pete could see that Bluebeard was grinning from ear to ear with his pistol drawn and pointed towards the Boy’s head. He was kicking the traitor’s shins as he walked and openly mocking him with a constant stream of tyrannical laughter assaulting his ears. The Boy looked pained, but more than that: abandoned, distressed. His new ninja friends had apparently forsaken him to the whims of his furious captain.
The three bearded brethren were still browsing and bumbling downstairs, crowded around one another and engaged in innocuous chatter. They were oblivious to the approach of the Captain, currently engrossed in a monosyllabic discussion of who had the best beard, so Pointy Pete took it upon himself to bear the good news.
“Brothers! Look lively!” he called down. “Bluebeard is returning with the treacherous Boy as prisoner!”
Yellow, Green and Red all turned away from their discussion at such glad tidings and ambled quickly out of the dining room back into the hallway to greet their victorious captain. They all looked jubilant at the Boy’s capture, except one: Greenbeard’s expression was one of fabricated approval, a cynical edge just visible beneath the surface if one looked closely. The cogs of his not-so-sharp mind were working on some as yet unformulated theory which took his attention away from the present situation and into the murky lands of half-baked pirate logic. 
Yet this was not noticed by anyone around him; rather, for all he, his brothers and the two gunners up on the balcony were concerned, this was a victorious event for all of them; not one of them had reason to be doubtful or unhappy about it. So they all filed out into the hallway where they found Princess Alice, Simon the Holy and Ethelred already waiting, while Jake the Peg and Timmy the Brick were emerging from a room opposite with pockets bursting with bullions. There were now ten assembled in a group before the doorway and all were eagerly awaiting the arrival of their captain and the treacherous thief.
The entrance was dramatic. Bluebeard’s black leather boot was the first to make its entry, crashing through the broken wood and letting warm sunlight stream into the cold, marble entrance hall. Next came the Boy’s head, bloodied and bruised. His expression was disgruntled to say the least at having been treated so roughly, and upon seeing his former crewmates leering down on him with menacing glances, fear also made an appearance in his visage. His whole body was forced through next: not through the doorway itself, but through the small, splintered hole in the door which had been made by the repeated striking of blade on wood when the pirates had initially tried to gain entry. He winced as his skin was scratched and scraped by the unfriendly oaken gateway whose splinters became embedded in his flesh.
A moment’s pause came as the Boy lay in a crumpled heap on the crimson carpet and his crew flashed pure hatred at him from their eyes. He glanced up at them sheepishly, apologetically, as if to say “I didn’t do it”- but they all knew he had. They had seen him on the boat, their boat which he had stolen, laughing and joking with his new ninja friends. He was a traitor all right and nothing he could do or say would change that fact.
They were about to move in on him, draw their weapons and lay an end to him when Bluebeard finally followed his boot and marched in, hands on hips, triumphantly. The doors swung wide and the glory of a rising sun was his backdrop, making him into a heroic silhouette with a vast blue hedge where his chin should be. He stepped forward into the hallway, into his crew’s vision, and stood wordlessly before them smoking a cigar.
He did not say anything. He did not need to. He was their hero, their leader, the man who had found them this mansion and brought them this captive. They were all in awe of him, almost ready to bow down to him if only he would have asked. 
The moment was ruined by a whimper from the captive.
“Please,” he begged. “Please, have mercy. I have seen the error of my ways. Please!”
Bluebeard brandished a sword stolen from the ninjas and placed its blade near the Boy’s throat, daring him to utter another word.
“Then where’s our gold, fool?”
“I- I can lead you to the ninjas’ camp,” he said falteringly. “They won’t be expecting you.”
“You didn’t answer my question, Boy,” growled the Captain. He pulled his victim up to his level, leaving the Boy’s legs dangling in thin air like a squirming fish, so that he could look his interviewee square in the eyes. Their gazes met: the eyes of an old, wizened veteran of the seas piercing into the pure, innocent, lying face of the faithless youth who had stolen his treasure. “Now try again. Where’s the gold?”
“It’s at the camp!” squealed the Boy. “The ninjas have it! It’s at their camp!”
Bluebeard was holding him up by one hand and keeping the blade pressed against his throat with the other. He increased pressure, allowing one solitary drop of blood to leak from Jack’s skin. Any more pressure and his gullet would be cut, his oesophagus severed and his air supply denied. The Boy knew this and writhed about even more, much to the crew’s amusement. They laughed at the Boy’s helplessness and cheered their Captain’s success.
“And this is the truth?” the Captain interrogated, speaking painfully slowly to maximise the child’s torture. “You’re not leading me into a trap, boy?”
“I’m not! I’m not, I swear! Please, let me lead you there, let me redeem myself!”
Another drop of blood, and the Boy’s squirming grew wilder. His breathing was heavy now, as if he were taking in every breath with relish and enjoying what could become his last few moments on Earth. 
“You know I’ll gut you like a fish if you are lying, don’t you boy?”
“Yes, yes I know! I know you’re a great and fearsome captain and I should never have tried to steal from you!”
The Captain’s eyes narrowed. In one moment, one movement, he dropped the Boy to the ground and seamlessly slashed the air as his body span, leaving a terrific gash in the traitor’s back.
The Boy cried out in pain, yet considered himself lucky. To have faced a man such as Captain Bluebeard at such close quarters when he was so full of rage and pride and the necessity to look strong before his crew, and to have walked away with simply a cut on his lower left back, was luck indeed. He knew it was conditional, though. His life was now in the hands of the mad man who had just held him so tightly, the strange ghost of the seas with beard as blue as the waters he sailed on. To have deceived him even now would cost him the air in his lungs; even if he did lead the man into a successfully orchestrated ninja trap, the Captain’s last act before meeting his end at Eastern hands would be to take the Boy down with him, to deprive him of life just as he was suffering the same. It would not do to disappoint his Captain.
“Right, lads,” yelled out Bluebeard to his crew, “We’ve got ourselves a raid! The booty: our old treasure chest and our beloved Liu, and anything else we can steal from those caddish ninja scum buckets. Who’s with me?”
His crew let up a mighty roar of approval and moved as one to join their Captain. They all stepped forward in his wake and prepared for battle and glory against their newfound enemy.
All, that is, except one.
“A good idea this is not,” protested Greenbeard, standing alone behind the rest of them.
Those six words froze the whole ensemble of pirates in the hallway. They were like linguistic knives, cutting into the jubilant, care-free mood of lads off to adventure, tearing holes in their sails and taking the wind out of them. Bluebeard span on his feet, livid; mutiny was just not what he needed. Yet the rest of the pirates around him seemed more curious than angry, worryingly willing to question their Captain’s will based on the doubts of his power-greedy little brother. 
Bluebeard was growling now: a low, guttural, involuntary noise of passion and rage and betrayal. His rage was silent, deadly, the worst kind for it was directed at a brother he was forced to respect yet did not want to. The passions in his gut pulled him involuntarily towards his Green brother. His feet were walking towards him with the steady purpose of one shaking to keep control, yet who is almost losing it himself: for it seemed not that he was walking but that he was being pulled by some string attached to his chest, some unavoidable fate, while his feet were merely following for appearance’s sake. 
All was silence. The ferocious Captain now stood an inch away from his kin looking down upon him with open rage. A full head taller than his siblings, Bluebeard’s blue beard found itself entangled in the hat of Greenbeard and in his own mass of green facial fuzz. The effect was startling: it looked as if Bluebeard’s beard had grown its own body, which was challenging its master.
“Jack the Boy we cannot trust,” came the nervous, if muffled, explanation from Greenbeard.
The crew murmured in thought. The Captain whipped his head round to glare at them, silently daring any of them to join his erstwhile brother in dissent. None with sense would have taken him up on the dare; yet, as it would turn out, Yellowbeard did not have sense.
“Lead us to the ninjas he will,” he offered, stepping out of the crowd to offer moral support to his brother.
“That’s the point,” replied Bluebeard. His lips barely moved as he spoke- not visibly, at least. His voice filled the whole room though; not with volume but with pure intensity of emotion, pure Captainly authority.
An authority which seemed to have lost its edge. 
“Surprise us they will,” added Redbeard, joining his brothers. Greenbeard scuttled out from under the Captain’s grasp towards Yellowbeard and Redbeard did the same. Now they were together as a threesome, and now they were unstoppable: their collective trilling reached a fever-pitch of production as they added to each other’s ideas and sentences, building up the case against a raid.
“Ambush us they will.”
“Ambush and deceit!”
“Slit our throats!”
“Behind our backs, slit our throats!”
“Stupid!”
“Stupid, stupid idea!”
“Horrendous!”
“Suicide! Suicide I declare!”
They paused, they looked at each other and in a wordless collective decision they nodded to each other. 
“We’re not coming,” they all declared simultaneously, and waddled together over to a corner in the hallway while Bluebeard, and the rest of his crew, looked on amazed.
The Captain took a few steps forward and issued a stern warning. “I will not have mutiny in my crew,” he said with a low voice full of rage. “So get back into rank and we’re leaving.”
“No,” said Greenbeard, and that was that. 
Bluebeard drew his sword and hovered it threateningly over his brother’s beard. He raised his eyebrows faux-compassionately and pierced Greenbeard’s gaze with his clear blue eyes, giving him one last chance to repent. His brother refused. So, with a shake of the head and a stroke of the blade, Bluebeard’s passion manifested itself in a movement so swift it was almost invisible. The pirates gasped, and Greenbeard wept as he stooped down to cradle the fallen tangle of green hair now lying on the floor at his feet. 
The crew were shocked. Bluebeard turned menacingly upon them, brandishing he blade, but instead of fear or reverence he was faced with simple stony disapproval from the assembly before him. A pirate can do many things. He can steal treasure that is not his own. He can kidnap wenches and make them his slaves. He can force a traitor to walk the plank. But he can never, never (and this is the highest law in pirate code) cut off a fellow pirate’s beard- especially when that pirate is Greenbeard, the second most respected member of the Merry Martin crew aside from Captain Bluebeard himself.
Inside he was worried by the crew’s loss of respect for him; on the outside, he was more fiery than ever and marched forwards towards the front door and his waiting landing party, holding his sword by his side. 
“I’m going now,” he growled. “Who’s with me?”
He had expected his men to file silently behind him and follow him wherever, leaving the mutinous threesome alone to nurse their wounded pride. Yet it was his pride which would come to be wounded, for as he reached the front door he realised that nobody had followed him there; everybody was still stationary, looking upon him in disbelief and shock.
“Well?” He bellowed, sending shockwaves and echoes flying about the room with such volume that the pirates’ eardrums were offended. “Nobody?”
Silence greeted his challenge. Then, an answer, but not the one he had wanted:
“Is this what being a pirate is? This is not me,” purred the thickly accented voice of the Swedish princess, who pulled off the eye patch she had been wearing (purely for show, of course) and retreated to join the wounded Greenbeard and his tweedling brothers. She had been in a regal mood all day, though, not even trying to hide her implicit wish to be back in the land-locked luxury of a palace. She would come around, Bluebeard reassured himself. The rest were not like her.
“Anyone else want to become a mutinous dog?” he challenged once more. “Or are we all coming with me now?”
The next response came from Pointy Pete. “There’s enough gold here, chief,” he observed. “Much more and much better than the treasure we used to have. Why bother provoking a fight with the ninjas when we can just take it from here without resistance?”
“Because, you cowardly cad,” answered Bluebeard, “we don’t have Liu. Our only chance of getting her back is to go to that camp.”
Pete shrugged his shoulders. “All the same, Captain, I don’t think she’s worth the risk.”
Worth the risk? It was one thing to disobey the captain, but another to insult his lady. In one heart-wrenching moment he realised for the first time just how unpopular his beloved soothsayer was among his crew. He had always seen the doubting glances whenever she went past, the sneering looks as if she did not belong, but he had never given them much thought. Now, though, he saw that his closest confidante on board his ship, a women he may even have called his best friend or lover if he used such parlance, was a pariah to most of his men. They envied her closeness to the Captain, or doubted the truth of her abilities, or something- whatever it was, they were willing to abandon her to an invisible foe. And that made Bluebeard’s blood boil. 
In one swift movement, the mad Captain dashed to where Pointy Pete was standing and slapped him round the face with one hand while slashing his sabre with the other. The blade’s tip reached Pete’s left thumb and cut its end clean off, leaving him screaming in agony and feeling round on the floor for where it had got to: for the speed of Bluebeard’s cut had sent it flying elsewhere in the room. 
“Pete, I don’t want you anywhere near me,” he snarled. “The rest of you are coming with me. Now.”
He once more set foot towards the doorway, this time with a following of six pirates: Jawface Jones, Simon the Holy, Gunner Zach, Timmy the Brick, Jake the Peg and Ethelred. They were not the most capable bunch, he would readily admit: Ethelred was nearly an old man; Jake the Peg had limited ability, what with his wooden leg; and Timmy the Brick could not be trusted near any of his men, for he was just as likely to slash them as the enemy. 
Each of his men was focused now, though, by the fear and respect engendered in them by Bluebeard’s show of power. The mood was understandably tense, especially given that they were being led into the woods by a Boy who most of them were loathe to trust. He was being held at knife-point by Bluebeard as he kept a close watch on him, and nobody doubted that one trick or show of deceit would bring that knife down upon his throat and gut him like the pig he was. 
“Rum?” offered Simon to the visibly shaken Jawface marching next to him. “It’s good for the nerves.”
Jawface Jones accepted gladly and wolfed down the bottle he had been given in a matter of seconds. Drunkenness does wonders for a pirate: unlike in most people, it sharpens their nerves and makes them fearless fighting machines, almost ballerinas of battle. For a pirate, fighting is his sport and alcohol is his fuel.
Jones glanced worriedly ahead of him to where the Captain was walking. He was a good few paces ahead, so Jones spoke in a whisper low enough for him not to hear.
“I don’t like this,” he admitted. “It seems too easy. I mean, where did the Captain find the Boy? He never did say.”
Simon merely smiled. “Who’s to say where he found him?” he chimed merrily, taking a swig of his own bottle. “Look, we’re going to fight some ninjas and there’s nothing we can do about it, so we may as well enjoy ourselves. More rum?” he offered, and Jawface accepted. “Good lad! Drink up, have a laugh and we’ll be out of here in no time.”
Presently the Boy was leading the party off the path and into the woods. It was early morning now, so the blind running in dark woods of the night before was no longer a problem. Rather, the sun’s rays now lit up a beautiful woodland scene: wildlife (or potential lunch) scurried about up the trees and into their holes, running along the sun-dappled leaf bed of the forest floor. Identical trees ran in every direction as far as the eye could see, so that it would be perilously easy to become lost in this maze. And as the tree line closed behind them and they descended deeper into the woods, Bluebeard began to suspect that that was precisely what Jack the Boy was trying to do.
He put pressure on the knife he was holding and gave the Boy’s neck a little scratch, a threat of what more he could do if he found he was being deceived.
“You’re not leading us into a trap, are you boy?”
“No sir,” gulped his guide. “No, sir, I would not do that.”
“Because you know what I’ll do if I find you are, boy,” he menaced. “Now where are we? How far is it to this camp?”
“Not far, sir. In fact, it’s just around that corner.”
Just around that corner- Bluebeard eyed up the forest surrounding him and could see no corner. He could see tree upon tree upon endless tree in a randomised pattern of insanity, but no such corners or any distinguishing features anywhere ahead of him. Just trees, leaves and mud. 
“What corner, you lying cad?”
“I mean that tree. Just around that tree.”
“How can you tell any of them apart?”
“See that one?” he ventured, beckoning to be allowed to move closer to one particularly large oak. “It’s got my name scratched onto it. I remember scrawling it there when I was sent away from the camp.”
Something in what the Boy had said irked Bluebeard, but he allowed him to show him the tree- under his supervision, of course. The knife never left his throat.
“See, there,” he indicated, pointing to a patch of bark just above his head. “It says ‘Boy woz ere’, and the camp is just around the corner. But we need to be very quiet.”
Then the Captain realised and, in a moment of panic, pinned the boy up against the tree.
“What did you mean when you said you were sent away from the camp, boy?”
“Nothing. Nothing at all. I left, I escaped, I saw the error of my ways!”
“Liar! Tell me the truth now, or your blood will be decorating the forest floor.”
“I am telling you the truth!”
“No you’re not.”
The boy’s eyes darted about wildly, terrified, as he saw that death may be knocking at his door. His eyes suddenly fixed upon something to his left and he shouted out “Juniper berries!”
The Captain was taken aback for a second. He released the pressure from his knife and looked at his victim puzzlingly, like a specimen in a lab, and queried, “Juniper Berries? What in God’s name-?”
But he could not finish his question, for he found himself being dragged away from the Boy by a strange hand clutching his back. He turned to find that the black, veiled form of a ninja was responsible and that several others were doing battle with his plucky crew. Horrified, he realised that Greenbeard had been right; he had been leading them into a trap after all.
He still had the knife in his hand, so in one swift action he slashed the ninja’s hand to free himself and hurled it at the Boy, still pinned against the tree. The ninja was too fast for him and avoided his blade, but his action had the desired effect: he was free again, and as the blade flew through the air he saw that it would hit its target.
It landed in the Boy’s left leg and he uttered a cry of agony as it did so, collapsing into a heap on the floor. A ninja leapt over to the Boy from behind a tree and sat beside him. That cad, thought Bluebeard, he was working for the ninjas all along.
Yet the ninja beside the Boy was not being as welcoming as Bluebeard might have expected. Instead, the Boy’s greeting consisted of a sharp slap round the face and stern words which the Captain could not make out fully, but the gist of it appeared to be that the Boy had ruined what would have been a perfect ambush by giving the game away too early. 
Bluebeard smiled at the incompetence of his captive and turned to survey the battle before him. His pirates were holding out well against the ninjas: what the enemy possessed in speed and stealth, his pirates made up for in brute strength and the refusal to feel any pain- either that, or the inability to do so due to the numbing effects of alcohol. On the journey Simon the Holy had been distributing bottles of rum to everyone and they had been drinking it gladly as fuel for the fight ahead of them.
His six followers were fighting valiantly. Ethelred, despite his age, was holding off two ninjas with his pistol: he was backed against a tree shooting at anything that moved within range, missing mostly but successfully keeping them back and sometimes even clipping them on their ears or elbows. When he did so the ninjas made a strange, hissing noise instead of the normal cries and shrieks that accompany pain: it was more like air being let out of a tyre than a human being in pain. 
Jake the Peg had spent many years with only one leg and was quite adept and balancing without the second. Given this special ability, he was doing battle with one ninja with sword in one hand and peg leg in the other. The ninja was fighting back with a small, star-shaped blade, yet he was fighting well: while neither could get a lethal blow onto the other, both were scoring hits on their enemy’s body and causing cuts and bleeding all other the place. Jake the Peg’s arm was coated in crimson liquid, while a deep gash was visible in the ninja’s side, staining his dark robes a deep purple colour.
Timmy the Brick was being as clumsy as ever. Never the most adept at fighting, he was simply holding a knife in one hand and a pistol in the other while he span and flailed about like a mentally impaired chimpanzee, shooting with one hand and slashing with the other. It was a blessing that he did not hit anyone, for his attacks were aimed at no-one in particular and had an equal chance of hitting pirate or ninja alike. 
A few yards from his was Gunner Zach, cool as ever in his black leather jacket. So called because of his immense skill with any kind of projectile weapon, he was standing in the open with a relaxed attitude smoking a cigar and holding two ornate pistols. He seemed unperturbed by the whole battle; in fact, despite being surrounded by at least six ninjas circling him menacingly, he was treating it more like an arcade shooting game than a serious fight which could take his life. His attitude was well placed, though, for he was a good shot. He had the ninjas worried by his near-perfect accuracy and had killed at least three of the robed rogues so far.
Simon the Holy had a far different fighting style. Plump from all the rum he brewed and drank, his beer belly negated any claim that he could be fit or agile so his contributions to the fight were simply in the style of a bar-room brawl. He had pulled his sleeves back and was engaging in a drunken boxing match with any ninjas who dared take him on. His knuckles were bloodied and bruised by the star-shaped blades most of the foe were carrying, but he was un stoppable and had knocked out at least one ninja, whose body was lying crumpled next to him.
Not all was success, though. As Bluebeard scanned the scene for the sixth man who had come with him, he found him, crumpled against a tree with lifeless eyes and a bloodied face. Jawface Jones was quite possibly dead. His fatal weakness had been the very jaw which had given him his name. It looked as if it had been dislocated; by whom and how was unclear, for whichever ninja had done it was by now long gone, back to camp or else engaged in another fight. 
Bluebeard unleashed a guttural roar of rage and unleashed himself into the battle. His surveying had taken but a second, and now he was on the case of the ninja who had so rudely leapt onto his back and dragged him away from the treacherous Boy. He leapt at him with sword drawn and pushed his foe backwards, ever backwards, as the tiny starlet of the ninja enemy struggled to match the ferocious force of the Captain’s full-size stolen scimitar. He could only see the ninja’s eyes; the rest was hidden by the body-length black suit all ninjas wore, which made it impossible for them to be identified. Yet the eyes were enough: the dilated pupils spelled fear and the wrinkled bags told Bluebeard that the ninja was old, past his prime and easy to beat. His foe looked around helplessly for back-up but none was coming; he looked around helplessly for a shadow to hide in, but it was no use. To turn his back for a second would be to welcome death at the hands of an angry pirate’s sword.
Yet not to turn his back meant that he could not see where he was going. And so it was that, at 8:34 a.m. on that cool, brisk morning, Sorai the ninja died at the hands of Captain Bluebeard of the Merry Martin when he foolishly backed into a tree and could back away no more.
Now it was the ninja leader’s turn to scream in agony. No leader likes to see one of their own being killed; it was just this rage which had brought Bluebeard into the battle, and it was just this rage which brought Hirosaki, the ninja leader, into a fight with Bluebeard.
He could only see the eyes, but once more it was enough for Bluebeard and he could tell that this one was a contender. The eyes before him now were green and piercing, ensconced on a young face which seemed to be in its prime. Now it was the pirate’s turn to back away as the ninja leader pushed onward, one hand behind his back while the other inexplicably did battle against  Bluebeard’s sword with just a blade the size of a pizza knife. The ferocity with which the ninja fought was inspiring, if a little terrifying too for the one who was forced to face it. 
“I am Hirosaki,” the ninja introduced himself. “And today I shall be your angel of death!”
Bluebeard tried to compose himself into an impressive introductory address. “I am Captain Bluebeard,” he began, “And today I shall be… erm… killing you.”
He grinned sheepishly at his lack of command over his words, but other things were on his mind. He had earned the temporary distraction of his battle rival by his ineloquent choice of words and managed to graze the ninja’s left arm with his blade. There came that hiss once more, as if he had punctured a balloon and these ninjas were not really human at all, and his foe took on a new lease of life. Bluebeard would not be pushed backwards anymore, however, and simply withdrew his pistol and shot it at the agile Hirosaki to end it quickly.
His plan did not work, though. As soon as the smoke from the gunpowder had cleared, his rival could no longer be seen anywhere in front of him but had simply disappeared from sight altogether. Bluebeard cursed his stupidity. The smoke from the gunpowder had given his foe the opportunity to disappear for a moment and go God-knows-where.
He looked around, wary of any movement. By now the battle had spread out so that he was left alone in this particular part of the woods with only dead ninjas and the corpse of his crewmate for company, while all around the noises of battle could be heard coming from other unseen parts of the woodland. In the distance he thought he could make out the sound of Gunner Zach’s relentless pistol fire as he brought down wave upon wave of ninjas, and on his other side he thought he heard the sound of one of his men screaming in pain- though he could not tell which one. 
His heart went out to them. A pirate is not supposed to be emotional, but when it comes to the fate of one’s crew it is hard not to be. Yet now his main concern was to find his would-be assassin, the leader of the ninjas, and kill him first.
Too late. For as he heard the soft sound of feet upon leaves behind him and turned round to see from whence it came, he saw the gloved hand of the young Hirosaki coming down upon his neck and was knocked out cold. 
***
“Captain? Are you alive?”
He came to groggily and opened his eyes. Not that that did much good, though, for the place he found himself in was as dark as the back of his eyelids and just as claustrophobic. The first thing he noticed before he could respond to his caller was the air: it was thick, dank, heavy, hard to breathe and smelling of soil. His lungs had to work twice as hard to get half as much oxygen and although he could not sense anything tangibly different about the atmosphere, a gut feeling told him that something was wrong. Oxygen-choked as it was, however, his sluggish brain was too slow to work out what.
Panic almost overtook him, but he held himself together with the resolute discipline befitting of a captain. He knew he must move, escape his present situation and find somewhere that his mind could be sharp once more, where it could puzzle out his predicament with the energy provided by an influx of cool, fresh, life-giving oxygen. Yet when he tried, he found himself bound- and then panic really did begin to boil within his gut. His writhing and struggling told him that ropes entwined the flesh around his hands and feet; its rough, abrasive texture cut into his skin and left it red, sore and bleeding. 
His efforts were not working, so he tried to leave his lying-down position and sit up to see whether he might have more success, perhaps by finding something to rub himself up against and weaken the fibrous bonds. As he did so, however, his head bumped against a hard surface of solidified, root-entangled soil and, though his mind was slow and dull from lack of oxygen, he understood his situation perfectly. 
 “They’ve bloody buried me alive!”
“Yes, they have. We worked that out too.”
He jumped at the sound of another person’s voice. He had almost forgotten the call which had awoken him; whoever it was, the voice was unfamiliar, muffled, unclear.
“Who are you?” he demanded. “Who’s there?”
“Captain, don’t you recognise me?”
He took some time to recognise the voice. It was originally strange and slurred, almost impossible to comprehend. Yet as he considered it further, he began to recognise a familiar tone in the stranger’s voice.  
“Jones? Jawface Jones?”
“That’s me,” came the reply. “I survived.”
“But I saw you dead! You were slumped against a tree!”
“Not dead, though. Just unconscious. They buried us here all the same, probably planning a slow death by suffocation.”
“The scoundrels!” shouted Bluebeard, before realising the foolhardiness of wasting what little air they had on angry outbursts. “Who else is here? Do you know what happened to the others?”
“Ethelred made it out alive,” reported Jones. “They had pity on him because he was old. The same can’t be said for Gunner Zach. He must have taken out a hundred ninjas before they managed to overwhelm him. We lost Jake as well, and I’m afraid Timmy the Brick is gone, too.”
“How did he die?” asked Bluebeard, unsure he wanted to know.
“Suicide. Accidental, of course. He was just spinning around slashing and shooting anything he saw- and then he missed and shot himself. Straight in the head.”
Bluebeard sighed. “And Simon?” he asked. “What of him?”
“I’m here too!” chimed Simon’s voice. Despite the peril they were all in, he was somehow managing to stay cheerful; Bluebeard could hear it in his voice and it both pleased and irritated him. “Although it’s a bit cramped in here, I must say. My belly’s touching the ceiling!”
“It might be the only thing keeping it up,” mused Jones cynically. He turned back to the Captain and continued, “Simon was knocked out too. I don’t know whether they thought we were dead or not when they buried us, but from what I can tell it’s quite a shallow grave. We might be able to dig our way out.”
“With what?” asked Bluebeard.
 “With our feet, with our hands. But it would help if we weren’t all tied up,” commented Jones.
“We could kick our way out,” suggested Simon the Holy. “We can still use our feet as one.”
They all murmured in approval. So began their collective attempt at freedom through their feet, digging and scraping with the heels of their boots. To an outside observer, the whole scene would have looked either desperate or comical as they floundered like fish under the ocean of earth, thrashing their feet about like a cod starved of water. 
It was working, though. After a few minutes their dark, muddy tomb was met by a solitary glimpse of sunlight in the left-hand corner by Bluebeard’s feet, and as they kept working that glimpse became larger and larger until they could almost see the trees outside. Hope was building in each of their souls at the very real possibility of escape and freedom and life and air and…
And then, disaster struck. Just as they were all scrambling to break through the last layer of earth, the roof caved in and Simon was left with soil filling his every orifice, suffocating. Jawface and the Captain instantly stopped work to avoid another collapse. 
All was silence and shock and tension as the two of them gazed in horror at the place where their crewmate had just been laying. The light from the outside world allowed them each a small amount of vision within their tiny cavern. Where this small gift from the world above had been a blessing only moments earlier, it was now an unwelcome curse showing them the terrible image of soil and mud where Simon’s body had been.
Jawface thought fast. “Quickly, Captain, bite off my ropes!”
The Captain earnestly leant over and began biting and chewing, nibbling and gnawing away at the ropes which bound Jones’ chest. The process was laborious and painfully slow: it took two minutes before Jones’ hands were freed and he was able to begin the process of digging out Simon from his living grave  and hope that it was not too late. 
The collapse had benefitted Bluebeard, however. Now that Jawface was dealing with Simon he allowed himself to notice that the ceiling above him had collapsed right on top of him in the form of a coating of soil covering his body just enough to colour him brown, and he was now staring, blinking, into the sunlight right above him. It must have been midday, for there were no shadows in sight and the heat was almost unbearable after the cold of their underground tomb. 
He stood up, hopping about on his bound legs and lapped up the air around him. He could feel it flowing through his mouth and into his lungs, carrying with it a life-giving aura which animated him once more and gave life to his mind. He could think clearly again.
Being out in the sunlight once more, he was grateful for every part of his being. He lifted up his hands to his face simply to look at them. They were old hands, mostly obscured by the thick rope binds and the grains of soil discolouring his skin. They collected in the wrinkles on his palm so that as he poured away what soil he could, he was left with black and brown lines demarcating his lifeline and love line, all the kind of nonsense Liu would talk about if he asked her.
Presently Jawface and Simon joined him in the sunlight, blinking and fresh. Jones had dug out his colleague in record time, and as he and Bluebeard looked at their rescued shipmate they let loose deep belly laughs at the sight of him. Though freed, he was still more dirt than man and resembled a monster from the deep: his face, hair and clothes were all the same muddy brown colour of the soil below and parts of him were indistinguishable as human digits: his left hand, for example, had not yet been freed from the earth and was just a round clod of mud on the end of his arm. 
Simon laughed too and began dusting himself off. Eventually the three of them calmed down and they became serious, surveying their surroundings for clues as to how to get out of here. 
They were in an empty part of the woods. There was no sign of any human life or civilisation around them, save for the freshly dug mounds of earth where the ninjas had buried their dead. It appeared that they had simply gone, vanished, left the three pirates for dead and never assumed that they could escape from their earthen tomb.
They had been wrong.
“Are you okay?” Jones asked Simon with concern now that the merriment had died down.
“Yes, yes, I’m fine,” he said, spitting out the last bits of dirt from his mouth. “Now what are we going to do? Get after them, I suppose?”
“Get back to the mansion,” decided Bluebeard. “That’s where they’ll be going. It’s where they knew I was, and they’ll probably be after the rest of my crew too.”
He had more to say, but the words choked in his throat. He had been foolish. He had led his crew into a trap and now two of them lay dead; his fault entirely. He had accused Greenbeard of mutiny when in actual fact his advice would have been sound to follow. What cut him deeper, though, was the thought of having to return to his younger brother and admit his mistake. It never does one good to admit one’s mistakes, especially on a pirate ship. His crew would take it as weakness rather than repentance and perhaps, just perhaps, that mutiny that Greenbeard had always longed for was on the cards.
Nevertheless, the mansion was the place to go. Resolutely he climbed out of the pit (for the three of them had still been standing thigh-deep in their would-be graves) and pulled his two mates out with him. The pit looked deeper from this angle than it had felt inside: out in the light, he could only see a gaping chasm of pitch darkness out of which were clambering two human forms. Their feet slipped and slid on the wet mud wall as they pulled themselves up with their captain’s help. 
Once out, the three comrades-at-arms began their journey back to their crewmates displaying a confidence they neither deserved nor felt. Their strides were long and purposeful as if they knew where they were going when in actual fact their solitary guide was an instinctive, faded memory of how they had arrived in this glade in the first place. In truth, they had all been paying more attention to their guide- the treacherous Jack- than to the route he was leading them on; consequently they set off blindly into the infinite forest, armed only with hope that they were marching in the right direction.
They were not. But as it turned out, their navigational error was leading them right towards where they needed to be despite their not even knowing it. 
For five minutes into their trek, when their outer show of confidence was fraying, when unified companionship could so easily become terse rivalry, a call from their left rallied them round and gave them hope.
“Captain! Captain!”
Bluebeard’s world-worn face turned irritatedly to the source of the cry. He struggled to see where it was coming from at first, for all that lay in his field of vision was leaves and foliage. Yet a muffled cough and a ruffling of leaves pinpointed his sight exactly to a spot ten paces to his left midway between two elms.
It was Liu. The voice continued calling in the unmistakeable voice and accent of his stolen maiden. His face erupted into a big, wide grin and he felt the nearest thing to joy that a pirate can feel. His feet raced away from his comrades to the siren song; within a minute, he was there, standing on the edge of a hidden pit in which Liu, Woody, Saunders and Marley were waiting disgruntled.
The sides were cut deep with finger marks and the three captives’ hands were mud stained. They had clearly tried many times to escape their entrapment without success. Upon seeing her Captain, Liu’s voice burst into a pur of happiness; Marley had to look twice before realising this was a pirate rescue, not a ninja punishment; Woody, meanwhile, simply avoided looking at Bluebeard out of embarrassment that his legendary tracking skills had led him and his colleagues straight into a ninja trap. His face glowed crimson and his body language was tight.
“You scurvy dog, got lost in a hole did you?” teased Bluebeard. 
Woody had to look now that his Captain was addressing him. He smiled apologetically. “Well, we did find her, cap’n,” he countered. “You sent us out to find Bottle-Neck and here she is.”
There she was indeed: curled up in a humiliated ball and hidden under a mound of leaves in the corner of the pit, away from everyone else. 
“And what did you do?” he snarled at her. He was not teasing now; evidently he was still cross at her and made no attempt to hide it.
“The ninjas got me,” she whined from beneath her leaves. Still she would not come out, such was her shame. “They threw me in here.”
Bluebeard just stared at her, aghast. “You really are the most useless pirate I have ever had the misfortune to know,” he growled. “But I need my crew right now. I need you all to fight the ninjas, even you. I just hope if any more die you’ll be the first.”
A sob came from beneath the leaves. Just one, though; then she managed to hide her tears and toughen up. She came out from under her cover with a determined glow in her eyes and wordlessly stared at her Captain, trying to tell him just with her facial expression I won’t let you down.
The Captain smirked. “Right, best be getting you all out of here,” he opined. 
That was the difficult part. The pit was three tall men deep and Marley had injured his leg in the fall. Being a doctor he had patched it up as best he could, but there’s only so much you can do with mud and leaves. All he had managed to do was make a crude type of bandage which did nothing for the pain and still left him almost unable to walk.
The Captain ordered Simon to lower Jawface down into the pit as a sort of human ladder, but even with his height the occupants of the trap were unable to reach him. A solid foot remained between the hands of Simon (reaching down) and Woody (reaching up). So the Captain reluctantly became part of the human chain (reluctantly because he was trying to maintain a veneer of detached authority) and, at last, it was big enough: first Woody, then Marley, then Liu grabbed onto Jawface’s back and were hoisted up out of the pit to safety.
“Right then, let’s go,” ordered the Captain.
Saunders heard this from her solitary position deep in the pit and felt her stomach drop. She did not expect compassion from her crewmates, but nor did she expect to be left abandoned down here when the rest were saved.
“What about me?” she protested.
“You’re a liability,” the Captain called down. “We’re not taking you. Why don’t you make yourself useful and feed yourself to the crows?”
She felt like crying, but knew she should not. Tears can never move a pirate’s heart; what is needed is courage, a swashbuckling spirit which cares not for other people’s feelings. 
So she resolved herself. “Captain, I’m the best navigator you’ve ever had and I’m a darn good pirate too. I’ve stolen you gold and I’ve fought for you against our enemies. I even saved your life against the Vikings. You need me now so you’re NOT leaving without me, you- you dog!”
The last words hit Bluebeard like a hammer. His head appeared over the precipice of the pit and he scowled down at her menacingly. “Do you dare?” he began. “Do you presume to tell me what to do?” He did not wait for an answer but merely spat down in her direction before abandoning her there and moving off into the forest.
He strode away from the pit with the noise of Saunders’ protests in the background. She was continuing to shout out, alternately cursing his name and begging his mercy as if unsure what to say. He ignored her, though, as did most of the crew. An evil look adorned his face: eyes small, nose flaring, mouth turned upwards in disgust. His crew followed, largely unconcerned by the events they had just seen, but Bluebeard was grossly affected. His eyes were working in tunnel-vision only as he saw solely the forest ahead of him, not thinking about where he had been or where he was going but simply stepping one foot in front of the other with no thought whatsoever. Emotion ran his body while his mind ranted about the mutinous dog trapped in the pit. 
How dare she challenge him, he thought. How dare she presume to tell Captain Bluebeard, scourge of all the seas north of Spain, what to do. He had not earned his position or reputation today by listening to others, by showing mercy. No- he had done as all pirates did: acted selfishly, done as he wished with no consideration for anybody but himself. He banged his fists on his chest as he walked, displaying his masculine prowess.
A girl, as well. She, a girl, had dared to challenge him and- and insult him! Outside he was furious, ferocious; inside he was fearful at the mutinous sentiment running riot around his crew. First Greenbeard, now Saunders, on entirely separate occasions. He glanced behind him nervously. Marley and Woody were just behind him, talking in low whispers. Low whispers, as if they had something to hide from him. Why would they speak so quietly unless they disagreed with his leadership?
He drew his sword and thrust it at Marley’s throat unexpectedly. He jumped back, almost having walked into his death, a fearful look upon his face.
“W-what are you doing?” he stammered nervously.
“You know what I’m doing, you cad, and you know why,” growled the Captain. “What were you talking about with Woody? Hmm? Confess, ye mutinous dog!”
Marley’s face went through a mix of emotions in a matter of seconds: first confusion, then disbelief, then understanding. “We were discussing the best route to the mansion, Captain. We’re quite lost and Woody is quite the tracker. And, well, with my leg I can’t walk very fast, so if there’s an easy route-”
The Captain thrusted his blade closer to Marley’s neck. The medic backed away hurriedly, sweating profusely.
“Do I lead a ship of cowards, Marley? A ship of weaklings and fools?” he challenged him. “with my leg I can’t walk very fast”, he mocked, “and please, sir, can I have a cushion? Maybe some tea and scones too? What kind of pirate are you?”
Marley was speechless. He had never been at this end of the Captain’s rage before, having always been his right-hand man in matters of crew welfare, and was quite honestly unsure how to react.
Liu intervened. She grabbed the Captain’s shoulder and dragged him away from his crew in only the way a woman could so that they were out of earshot and began to lay into her rescuer.
“What kind of pirate are you, Bluebeard?” she asked with a voice that was simultaneously soothing and challenging. “If you continue like this, you’re going to provoke the very mutiny you fear happening.”
Bluebeard’s face emptied of blood. He would not have taken such criticism from any other member of his crew, but he esteemed Liu with great mystical abilities and took her every word seriously.
“The gods have told you this, have they?” he asked weakly.
“No,” she snapped. “They do not need to. I can see it with my own common sense. Now go and release that poor girl from the pit at once. She could be a useful asset to us in battle.”
“But-“ sulked Bluebeard. “But she called me a dog.”
“Man up, for gods’ sake!” Liu whispered in hushed tones. “The best way to lose an enemy is to create a friend, and the best way to lose a friend is to make her an enemy.”
“Is that advice from the gods?”
She sighed. “If you like, yes.”
The pirates had been watching the affair from afar and, though they could not tell the words that were being said, they understood the gist of it. Truth be told Liu’s words were wrong, for Bluebeard’s ferocious tone against Bottle-Neck had strengthened his image as a fiery, powerful king of the pirates; his weakness before an Eastern slave-girl now made them almost ashamed to call him their captain. Worse, some of them began murmuring that maybe Liu was more of a captain that Bluebeard was. They had long been suspicious of the influence Liu held over their leader, and now was the first time any of them had seen a visual demonstration of it.
It was all up to Bluebeard now. If he stood up to her and remained the strong, resolute leader that he had been up till now, their respect would be maintained; if he buckled against his mistress’ scorn and released the girl, he could kiss goodbye to any pretence of holding onto his crew.
The conversation continued for a little while, and then Bluebeard returned to the head of the pack. He seemed more sullen than before but did not go back to pick up Bottle-Neck, so all was not lost for him. Nevertheless, it seemed that Liu had been able to knock the fire out of him too easily. They began to question the whole point of their quest into the woods to rescue the enigmatic Liu and even whether their Captain could any longer be trusted.
Of course, they did not air these questions openly; for now they would lie beneath the surface, ready to erupt should the occasion arise. 
The crew continued on their way. Their mood was silent now as each resided with their thoughts and avoided the wounded beast that was their Captain. Woody took the lead while Marley took the rear, admirably doing his level best to keep up with the rest and not allow his leg injury to slow him down. Liu, for her part, was nowhere to be seen. Everyone noticed this but nobody mentioned it for fear of provoking the Captain’s rage. 
Under the wise guidance of Woody’s navigation, they soon reached the clearing with the mansion in it. Some of them had not been inside before (specifically Marley and Woody) so the sight of it provoked within them the excitement it had engendered in the rest of the crew when they had first seen it. It was contagious, so that even though Bluebeard, Simon and Jawface had already had time to explore it, it was as if it was their first time there too. Their pirate urge to run and dive into the treasure trove before them was almost too much for them.
Almost. For Bluebeard’s keen eye spied that something was not quite right and beckoned for his men to stop. He had slowly recovered from his meekness now that Liu was gone and had once more become the roaring ruler of the roost, commanding his pirates with iron fist and steel will.
“Wait here, lads,” he commanded. “Something’s up.”
It was difficult to stay still, though, for a pirate so close to an open treasure chest. , This was especially the case for Marley and Woody, who soon began to complain.
“What’s up? Nothing’s up. I can’t see anything,” whined Woody. “Let us go in, please let us go in!”
“Wait,” snarled the Captain. “I can smell trouble.”
As if in confirmation, one of the front windows on the first storey suddenly exploded out into the glade sending glass flying everywhere. Luckily our heroes were too far away to be impaled by any of the shards, although one did nearly reach the leather boot of Bluebeard’s left foot. The pirates took a step backwards instinctively and ducked for cover behind anything they could find. This being a glade, though, for most of them the only cover they could find were particularly long blades of grass.
Out of the bombed-out window came flying the bodies of Yellowbeard and a ninja, entwined in mortal combat and blissfully unaware of their deadly fall, so engrossed were they in battle. Yellowbeard was the first to notice that they were hurtling through the air at breakneck speed and turned the pair of them so that he was lying on top. The unnamed ninja twigged what was going on too late; his body splatted on the ground beneath him with a painful whelp, while Yellowbeard rode his battered corpse to safety. He stepped off calmly and approached the Captain at the edge of the glade.
“See you I can,” he said loudly. He paused for a minute, waiting for the customary reply of Greenbeard or Redbeard; yet they were inside, away from him, so he was left in the uncomfortable situation of having to fend for himself conversationally and in combat.
Bluebeard came from behind his blade of grass and strode purposefully towards his younger brother. It seemed that Yellowbeard had quite forgotten the mutiny led by his green-haired sibling, for he attempted to greet the Captain jovially. His amicability was not returned to him: the Captain’s first act was to slap his brother round the face sharply with a jewel-encrusted gloved hand.
The little bearded man fell down, nursing his cut cheek. His eyes were so innocent and endearing, like a puppy dog, but such sweetness would not work  on a man like Bluebeard.  
“What’s going on?” he growled.
“Ninjas they came,” trilled Yellowbeard.
He did not explain further. Bluebeard sighed exasperatedly. “And?” he pushed.
Yellowbeard did not reply further; instead, he looked around bewildered, as if waiting for someone else to reply for him.
“Your brothers aren’t here, cretin, so you’ll have to speak for yourself,” coaxed the Captain. “Or else.”
The little yellow man gulped. “In the bedroom was I collecting shiny mugs,” he began. Then he stopped. Bluebeard beckoned him to continue, and Yellowbeard seemed positively terrified at the possibility of speaking for himself rather than waiting for a brother to interject.
“A noise from the kitchen came,” he continued slowly. “Then began battle.”
“And how is the battle going?” pushed Bluebeard, straining as hard as he could to remain patient.
“Badly. Well. Stalemate.”
Yellowbeard received another slap for his less-than-useless reply. “Get back in there,” he ordered, “and make yourself useful.”
His little yellow friend gladly obeyed and darted back to the front door entrance to find his brothers. Bluebeard returned to his small band of men and addressed them thus:
“Men, let’s go to war!”
A jubilant cry rose up from the pirates; even Marley, with his medical instincts and gammy leg, was excited by the prospect of fighting. So it was that Marley, Woody, Simon, Bluebeard and Jawface Jones all charged heartily into battle brandishing swords and pistols valiantly.
They kicked in the front door and were greeted by a chaotic scene. Of the five who had been left behind when Bluebeard set out into the forest, only four were left: the body of Pointy Pete lay sprawled on the staircase riddled with holes where the star-blades so favoured by the ninjas had penetrated his skin. Princess Alice was right next to Pete’s carcass and holding her own against two ninjas: one she was fighting with her blade, while the other she was engaging with in a one-handed punch-up. It was quite a sight to witness and reminded Bluebeard why she was such an asset to his crew.
At the bottom of the staircase, the battle was no less hectic. Yellowbeard was yelping and running about the hallway with two ninjas in hot pursuit. What he lacked in skill or bravery he more than made up for in blind dumb luck and cowardice: somehow, he was dodging every ninja attack that came his way. They were jumping from walls and leaping from trapdoors, pelting him with star-blades and blocking him with furniture; yet still he survived, and still he evaded them.
Where the other two bearded brethren were was unclear. Noises could be heard from upstairs which may have been them cursing and screaming in the heat of battle, but the general noise of the scene meant that one could not be sure.
It was obvious that the ninjas held the advantage. Possessing both the elements of surprise and numbers, Bluebeard’s crew were doing well just to survive. The injection of five more fighters to the battle was more than welcome for all concerned. 
Marley immediately ran to Pete’s side. He cursed loudly as he remembered that he had left his medical supplies on board the Merry Martin; still, it was too late now, for a quick check of Pete’s pulse and temperature revealed him to be long gone. With a shriek of rage he joined Princess Alice in her battle against her two foes and instantly struck the one on the left dead with a knock-out punch of unexpected strength. Now the tables had turned; there was only one ninja now armed only with a small knife up against both Alice and Marley. As agile as he was, he could not evade the two furious pirates successfully and suffered two cuts to his upper arm, causing him to wheeze in the strange way that wounded ninjas do. He gave as good as he got, though, and Marley and Alice had to be careful to avoid the swift movement of his vicious hand wielding the star of spikes: the princess shrieked as her golden locks were torn away in one movement of his miniature blade, leaving her almost bald on the left side of her head. 
Woody, meanwhile, had chosen to stay close to the entrance and avoid the melee. Instead he had pulled out his revolver and was eyeing up any hidden places on the walls or ceilings to see if a crafty ninja had not concealed himself therein. He found at least three on his first scan of the hallway, betrayed only by heavy breathing or a twitching toe. To a normal human being these would have been easy to ignore, but for a trained tracker such as himself small movements were easy to spot. 
Woody was protected from active battle by the efforts of his friend and shipmate Simon the Holy. Though an accomplished swordsman and marksman, he elected to fight only with his fists as it gave a ‘more natural feel’ to the fight. Now he was staying true to his word and circling around Woody like a boxer, daring any ninja to approach him for a fight.
Some did, but were instantly dispatched by his whirling fists. They tried a more stealthy approach by climbing the ceiling or wall and attempting to leap out at the unsuspected brawler, but Woody’s keen eye soon stopped them. Soon a small pile of black-robed bodies was growing near the proficient pair as Woody continued to make the enemy drop like flies, literally. 
Jawface Jones was nowhere to be seen. Bluebeard had seen him dart off into a side-door shrieking bloody murder at one ninja in particular, presumably the specimen who had left him for dead in the forest. He wished him luck and good hunting, for the ninja scum deserved what was coming to him.
The Captain himself was not yet engaged in the hostilities. He stood still by the entrance, scanning the room for one thing in particular, one person-
And then he saw him. Hirosaki, the ninja leader, was dancing down the staircase from the first floor, throwing projectiles all over the place. Bluebeard ducked and heard a scream from somewhere in front of him; he could not see who had uttered it from his safe hiding place behind the suit of armour, but he was almost certain it had been the shrill cry of pain of Princess Alice.
Sure enough, when he pulled himself out into the open once more and marched purposefully towards Hirosaki, he saw Alice lying on the ground with blood dripping from her abdomen. Marley was trying to simultaneously tend to her wounds and fight of Hirosaki’s swordplay, with mixed results: though he was successfully keeping the ninja leader at bay, he was doing so by sacrificing his own limbs. He was already missing two fingers by the time Bluebeard came close and wincing with pain.
A third finger went flying, and Marley cried out. Bluebeard decided now was his time to join the fray and pulled out his blade. He caught Hirosaki completely off-guard, succeeding in removing a bit of his ear, and grinned with triumph.
He should not have been so presumptuous: for even with bloodied ear, the ninja leader was a force to be reckoned with. The two of them began to dance their way back up the stairs, sparring swords and exchanging cruel words, both intent on the complete destruction of their enemy.
“I will not rest until you are diced and sliced and served as sushi on my plate!” spat out Hirosaki to Bluebeard. “No-one, you hear me, no-one cuts Hirosaki’s ear!”
“I did, you great scum bucket,” pointed out Bluebeard. “I won’t rest until I’ve got your leg on a plate in front of me served with mint sauce and herbs.”
“I will not rest until I’ve put your flesh in a blender and made soup out of you!”
“I won’t rest until your genitals are used as bait for my fishermen!”
“I will not stop until I can eat your brain served with rice and soya sauce!”
This whole ridiculous exchange went on for a while without much gained in terms of fighting. In fact, their battle became a lazy clashing of blade on blade without much effort to kill or wound the other at all.
“I will cut your ear from the side of your skull and feed it to my cat!” declared Hirosaki in the latest of their food-based exchanges.
“Oh yeah? Well I will-” began Bluebeard, before stopping himself. He paused his speech to think for a second and continued “You know what? I’m just going to kill you.”
He stabbed his sword forward and, by luck, managed to wound Hirosaki in the chest. His opponent reeled backwards in pain, eyes wide in shock that Bluebeard had managed to pierce him and that he had allowed himself to get lulled into a childish game of words.
Yet Bluebeard’s victory was premature, for Hirosaki’s wound was not fatal. As the Captain foolishly put down his sword and gazed around the room seeking applause as if he were a rock star, his erstwhile opponent recovered some will and plunged a knife into the back of his neck.
He was lucky. It was positioned just so that it did not cut the spinal cord or sever a major blood vessel. Nevertheless, it hurt like hell.
“You- dick!” he screamed at Hirosaki. The latter just smiled. 
“We are equal now, don’t you think?” he observed. 
Bluebeard did not have an opportunity to answer, for the whole battle was interrupted presently by the rumbling and clattering of what felt like an earthquake. It came in short, rhythmic bursts at a rate of about one rumbling every five seconds. It was like someone was beating a drum or-
Or walking. The sound was like the footsteps of a vast giant, and as the assembled pirates and ninjas were drawn from their battles to the magnanimous sound, the front door squealed open and a face peered through. 
A terrible face. A horrific face. A truly monstrous face the likes of which none of them had ever seen before. Bluebeard pulled the blade out from his neck with great strain and felt a chill pass down his spine as Liu’s words reverberated through his head: “Doom! Doom at the end of a reptilian leg!”
For standing before them all was a dinosaur. He towered taller than any man had ever seen. His scaly skin was sickly green and razor sharp, thick as iron too so that no human weapon could pierce it. The pirates had arrived here early in the morning and it was now three in the afternoon. With all the excitement over booty and battle, they had all completely forgotten that they had found by fortune a house whose owner would inevitably return. And here was the owner, faced with a house full of miniature thieves killing each other and wrecking his aura. 
He was angry. He emitted a full-blooded roar and closed the door behind him, glaring down at the frozen people gathered around him. They did not know what to do, for their enemies were each other: ninjas fought pirates and pirates fought ninjas; moreover, ninjas knew how to fight pirates, and pirates knew how to fight ninjas. It was instinctive, woven into the fabric of their nature. It did not matter that these particular pirates had never fought ninjas before, for it was in their blood to know how to do it. Pirates versus ninjas was a story as old as cats versus dogs. But pirates versus dinosaur? Now that was odd.
Their decision was made for them by the sudden arrival of Liu. Completely ignorant of the situation, she had sauntered on in carefree with Agatha “Bottle-Neck” Saunders in her wake. She stood now behind the tail of the Tyrannosaurus Rex waving blissfully at her Captain, lost in one of her trances and unaware of her world; unaware that her warning of the early morning was coming true before her very eyes. 
She did not notice the dinosaur, but the dinosaur noticed her. He leant his head through his legs to get a good look at her and, liking what he saw, he picked her up.
“No!” yelled both Bluebeard and Hirosaki simultaneously. They both looked at each other with shock, then with sudden understanding in their eyes: for Liu was as precious to each of them as she was to the other. She was the whole reason for this war, the true treasure that the ninjas had been trying to steal.
Or liberate, as Hirosaki explained it.
“When you raided that village so many years ago and took Liu away,” he explained quickly, “you took away my fiancée. I grew up in that village. When I was five years old, she was betrothed to me; our marriage was arranged. But it wasn’t a forced marriage. I loved her. I still do. I heard that she had been sighted around the coast of Europe, so one year ago I set off with my team of ninjas to rescue her.”
Bluebeard didn’t need to say anything; the plan made itself. For the sake of Liu, and for the sake of their own survival, the pirates and the ninjas would team up, at least temporarily, and defeat the dragon in their midst.
They did not know what it might do with its captive. They scarcely dared think. Eat her? Or worse- molest her? They could be sure, however, that it would not be good; and even if it would be, their jealous hearts both wanted Liu for themselves. They could not allow her to be taken by a love-rival, especially one who was a lizard. 
So they lifted themselves up from the ground where they had been nursing their wounds and descended the stairs quickly, rallying their troops. The surviving ninjas crowded around Hirosaki immediately, ready to do his every whim. Yet the pirates were harder to convince.
They stayed where they were, frozen on the spots where they had been fighting. Woody summed it up when he said: “Liu?”
It was just one word, but it was enough. It sent a bolt down Bluebeard’s spine and told him everything he needed to know. The tone was one of shock, disbelief, even disgust. His pirates had realised that this whole fight was for that one girl and they were not happy. They had never got on with her, always viewing her with suspicion, but since the incident in the forest it had begun to seem plausible that she was the de facto Captain of the ship. Bluebeard may have the hat and the title, but when it came down to it he would go to every beck and call of Liu.
They had thought that he had left Saunders to rot in the forest, as would be the pirate thing to do. It would have shown him to be a strong leader. Yet the arrival of Liu and Bottle-Neck’s presence with her was enough to turn their whole world upside down. The picture was clear: the Captain had wanted to leave the girl in the pit; Liu had forbidden it; Bluebeard had ordered her to go behind the crew’s back and bring her out in secret. Now here she was, with the girl, and Woody, Simon, Jawface Jones and Marley all knew where they stood now. 
Alice had not been there, and nor had Yellowbeard; yet the latter had been a ringleader of the morning mutiny along with Greenbeard, so he was going to be no help. It was only Alice, and only reluctantly, who joined Bluebeard for the fight- and she was limping and wounded; in short, not much use. Just when he needed them, his shipmates had let him down.
“Come on lads!” he roared. “Or I’ll gut the lot of you.”
“Not if Liu has anything to say about it,” shouted back Woody, and those in the know laughed openly at their captain. They laughed at him. Once their figure of authority, he was now their figure of fun; and yet there was also a hint of sadness, even betrayal, in their laughter. They began to file away from him, uninterested in fighting more battles or sacrificing more lives for his sake. 
But they were interested in saving their own skin. Another roar from the mouth of the giant reminded them of their present peril and they drew weapons, ready to fight their way to freedom. So it was that the pirates and the ninjas fought together, yet separately, against a common foe: some, out of love for a woman; some, out of respect for their captain; and some out of a sheer will to survive, all their respect for authority drained from them.
Bluebeard would fight wounded. His neck he could cope with; physical pain was something he lived with on a day to day basis. What he couldn’t be doing with was the wound inflicted on his pride, his authority. He would have taken his emotional hurting out on one of his crew, if only they still had some respect for him. As it was, however, he could tell from the way some of them were looking at him that if he tried that, they would gang up on him. On their own Captain. He had suffered a leaderless mutiny of his own gutless making. 
He drew his pistol and fired the first shot. Then all hell broke loose: the great beast roared with rage; ninjas crawled all over his skin, stabbing and stabbing away with their weedy little knives. The pirates fired shots at his chest, or else spent their energy chopping at his legs. It was all no good. The beast was too strong, too thick, too hard; the blades and bullets which would have shorn clean through the soft flesh of a man simply ricocheted off his steely limbs into the melee around him.
Bluebeard ran up the stairs to the first floor and from there leapt from the banister and onto the monster’s head. Sword drawn in his left hand and gun in his right, he began shooting and slashing for all he was worth. It was all to no avail: the beast simply swung its head and Bluebeard went flying, eventually crashing into a suit of armour on the ground floor and laying there winded. 
The battle went on; the fortunes did not change. Bullet after bullet and blade after blade could not fell the mighty creature. Greenbeard finally emerged from an upstairs room, in which he had been hiding since before the arrival of Bluebeard and his men, and was met with rapturous applause by the pirates. With sadness the Captain realised that Greenbeard’s mutiny had succeeded; he was now adored by the crew and seen as the logical replacement for Bluebeard’s role.
The heroic replacement did precisely what Bluebeard had done: he leapt from the banister and landed on the creature’s head. Again, it shook itself violently and almost dislodged its rider. Almost: for Greenbeard was left hanging on to its neck and, from there, he could just about reach the monster’s mouth.
Holding on with his left hand, Greenbeard reached up with the sword in his right and tried to stab into the monster’s mouth. His blade flailed this way and that, each time almost reaching its target: now it scrapes the tongue, now it pricks the gums. Yet although this irritated the dinosaur, he succeeded only in enraging it further. It began stomping around furiously, causing all the assembled pirates and ninjas to leap five foot into the air each time, and flung the rude Greenbeard from its neck and into the marble wall, where his unconscious form slid painfully down to the ground.
The beast seemed invincible now and was more dangerous than ever. It began to move into the offensive and use its greatest weapon: its powerful, sharp teeth which could crush a man’s skull with no effort whatsoever. Which is precisely what it started to do. Its tiny claws grasped a nearby ninja and dropped him, screaming, into its mouth, where its mechanical jaws crushed the life out of him within seconds.
The whole hallway watched him horror. Time seemed to stand still for a second, then the battle recommenced: ninjas kept leaping, pirates kept slashing, yet now the dinosaur kept biting and eating.
And as it did so, Bluebeard noticed something curious. It was crying. Given the wounds it had been inflicted and the situation it was in, this was not surprising; yet the pirate captain knew tears well from the many times he had seen them well up in victims’ eyes, and he knew these tears to be ones of regret, not pain. In a flash he realised something monumental which could just win the battle for the pirates and win back their respect as captain.
“Wait!” he called out. “Stop your fighting, you filthy dogs, and listen to me for a moment. You too, dinosaur. I need a word with you.”
The Tyrannosaurus Rex stopped chewing his latest victim almost gladly and spat out the half-dead remains. The whole room was now fixated on the bold Captain and his strange words and the fighters stepped aside to let him through.
He went up the stairs to the balcony so that he could speak to the dinosaur face-to-face; man-to-man, if such terms were appropriate.
“You’re crying, you cad. You cry when you kill,” he announced. 
The dinosaur looked bemused for a while; then, as if shrugging its shoulders, it nodded in admittance. The Captain smiled, but only for a second- for its nod was nonchalant and it seemed not to care about the Captain’s words. Maybe it did not even understand. Whatever the reason, the dinosaur decided that Bluebeard should be its next victim and moved its head towards him, its vast jaws open in anticipation.
Bluebeard remained irrationally calm, however. “You won’t eat me,” he boasted. “And I know why.”
He leaned close to the dinosaur- daringly close, near enough that the beast could pluck him from the ledge and gobble him up within a second- and whisper in his ear loud enough for everyone to hear:
“You’re a vegetarian.”
Now in voice louder and bolder, he continued, addressing his audience: “This beast before you is a vegetarian wuss. It eats meat but it hates itself for doing so.”
Some laughed, but others were simply bemused. “What’s this got to do with anything?” called out Woody. He was glaring at Bluebeard with dark eyes; it seemed he was the one most hurt by the alleged betrayal.
“Because, you irritating cad, it tells us how to beat the brute.”
He looked knowingly as Hirosaki, who was presently on the creature’s neck hacking away with a knife. The ninja looked back with understanding eyes.
“Quorn,” he said simply.
“I know someone like you will have some on you,” Bluebeard addressed Hirosaki. “Care to feed our visitor?”
Hirosaki nodded and barked something down to one of his ninjas in Japanese. Immediately he was answered with a plastic bag thrown up from the floor, and he clambered up to the beast’s mouth with it. Once there, he pulled out what looked like a beef steak and threw it into the dinosaur’s mouth.
Hirosaki leapt back to the ground and waited with baited breath as the creature chewed thoughtfully. It took a good while over its meal, but seemed happy with it, before finally saying in a rich, plummy voice,
“I say, that was delicious!”
The crowd of pirates and ninjas gasped in awe. 
“What is this delightful piece of meat?” asked the dinosaur.
“Quorn, you great Muppet,” answered Bluebeard merrily. “And it’s not meat. It’s made of soya beans and the like for beasts like you. You can eat it all you like and you won’t have to cry, because nothing needs to be killed for you to eat it.”
The dinosaur blubbered up once more. “Oh my,” he said, “oh my giddy aunt, how can I ever thank you?”
He plucked Bluebeard from the balcony and cradled him in his claws, eyes streaming with joy. “You have no idea how terrible it makes me feel whenever I eat a poor living thing. I watch the life drain from its face and it becomes a lifeless corpse, and then I eat it. I eat it, all because my existence requires the death of others. And I live day and night with guilt: guilt so pure and profound it swallows me up every second of every day, robbing me of sleep and wakeful happiness. And now- and now you little, violent thieves, who I at first thought to be a terrible misfortune, have shown me a way out! How can I ever, ever repay you?”
“You can let us go free and give us some of your gold,” suggested Bluebeard. “And, if ever the pirates and ninjas fight again, you have to fight on the pirate side, understood?”
The dinosaur nodded happily and rubbed its head against Bluebeard’s side. Hirosaki, however, looked shocked.
“That is an outrageous term!” he exclaimed. “You forget, rash Bluebeard, that we control the world’s supply of Quorn. We own the dinosaur now.”
“I’m not ‘the dinosaur’, you know,” protested the dinosaur. “I do have a name. They call me Steve. Steve the Tyrannosaurus Rex.” 
“Nevertheless, Steve, we and the pirates are still at war,” declared the ninja. 
Steve looked perplexed. He head butted a particular place in the wall and out fell a pair of glasses, landing squarely on his face in perfect position.
“And why are you at war?” he asked authoritatively. “Come, sit down.” He indicated two golden couches on the balcony where he beckoned Bluebeard and the ninja to sit. Confused, they obeyed still- for this was a beast who had until moments before been eating their troops. A beast of such power does not like to be disobeyed. 
“Don’t worry, I have a doctorate in psychology from the university of Edinburgh,” he reassured them. “I’m quite qualified to sort out problems of this type.”
“Problems of this type?” queried Bluebeard. “What in blazes are you on about?”
The dinosaur smiled. “Ah, Captain Bluebeard, I see you have a problem with anger. Is that what caused this little scuffle today?”
“Little scuffle? It was all-out war, man! Many good people died today!”
“Then it’s best that we sort the issues out, isn’t it? Now, why are your peoples fighting today?”
“A woman,” admitted Hirosaki. “Liu. She was kidnapped from my village many years ago and I came to take her back.”
“She was rescued, you lump!” yelled Bluebeard. “Your horrible lot were treating her like a slave.”
“Now, now, settle down,” calmed the dinosaur. “Is this woman here today?”
“Yes, you brute, she’s the one you picked up; the reason we started fighting you,” said Bluebeard.
“Oh. Crumbs. I hope I didn’t eat her,” mused the dinosaur. “I get ever so forgetful. Erm- ah, yes, I put her in here,” and he reached into a kangaroo-style pouch in his belly and pulled her out. She was characteristically calm, currently in some sort of trance.
“I think we can sort this out simply enough. Liu, would you rather go home with the nice mister Hirosaki here, or continue being a pirate with Captain Bluebeard here?”
Liu looked at her questioner wordlessly, happily. “Bluebeard, of course,” she replied. 
Hirosaki looked heart-broken. He sank into his chair and almost became smaller, as if trying to bury himself in the fabric so nobody could see him. 
“Now, now, Hirosaki, it’s not the end of the world,” cooed the dinosaur. “I’ll give you a hug if you like.”
The ninja leader shook his head vociferously. 
“Fair enough. Now are there any other issues between your two peoples?”
“The gold,” growled Bluebeard. “I want it back.”
“That chest contains some of my people’s greatest treasures,” protested the ninja. “I cannot return home without them.”
“Very well, then,” resolved the dinosaur. “Bluebeard, you can have your treasure back- once Hirosaki has taken out what belongs to him. Okay?”
Bluebeard was horrified, but there was little he could do against such reason, and in such a powerful beast too. He nodded reluctantly and agreed to the terms.
“Now, we haven’t really covered anything psychological, have we?” mused Steve. “I must say it makes my degree a little useless. Anything else you’d like to discuss? Sexual problems, for example?”
The pirate and the ninja’s eyes grew wide in disbelief. Both mumbled “no” at the creature’s strange offer and asked if they could be excused from his couches.
“But of course!” roared the dinosaur. “I think we’ve come very far today, don’t you? Now how about we go to the pub to celebrate?”
***
The End
***
