The Villainous Dr. Sock

By Matt Bird

Copyright 2011 Matt Bird

Smashwords Edition

Smashwords Edition License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


*****


Two Months Ago…

As he was folding socks in his father’s store, Jeremy Jeremiah had an epiphany.
Dr. Sock. Of course. Of course!

His Socky Sobriquet

Of course not.
“Dude. I don’t mean to rain on your parade, but that name’s fucking stupid.”
The word ‘sock’ died and slid back down Jeremy’s throat. He’d spent the whole morning prepping this revelation, waiting for Ed to awaken after another night of gaming and junk food. Hell, he’d prepared the name long before, as the whole roommate thing had gone part-and-parcel with asking Ed to help Jeremy become a supervillain. And now that he’d made the big reveal, Ed was supposed to be at least moderately impressed.
This… this wasn’t a good start to their working relationship. Though Ed had always been great at poking holes in Jeremy’s dreams.
Jeremy’s voice collapsed back to normal, the annoyed squeak of a young man whose lungs hadn’t yet hit puberty, even though the rest of his body had grown up fifteen years ago. He suspected his asthma wanted to keep him an object of ridicule. “What? Fuck you. What’s wrong with Dr. Sock?”
Ed sipped his beer. A little overweight, hair perpetually mussed and dressed without a hint of fashion sense, he was the stereotypical comic book nerd. He just needed glasses to complete the set. “Dr. Sock? You don’t really need me to explain, do you?”
He would anyway. Ed always explained. That’s why Jeremy liked Ed. He was smart and he explained. Jeremy motioned for his friend to continue.
Ed stammered before setting his beer down between a smelly box of pizza and a stack of comics. “Jesus. Where do I begin? Dr. Sock? I mean, I knew you were slow, Jer, but Dr. Sock? Those things you put on your feet? Even the lame-ass villains from the forties and fifties had better names. What the hell did you do, wake up and decide to base your supervillain career on the first thing you saw?”
That wasn’t it at all. Dr. Sock had been a long time in development, and it fit Jeremy perfectly. He’d even practiced rationalizing the name to Ed in the shower, ranting to an invisible opponent as he scrubbed his pits, and so he was ready to counter this attack on his intelligence.
“Ed,” Jeremy began, standing and pacing around the filthy apartment, “you need to think about this from my perspective. Can you do that, Ed?”
“Christ, here he goes.” Ed turned to the TV. 
Jeremy waved away the dismissal. “I’m well aware that the average person would consider Dr. Sock to be a, how did you put it, ‘lame-ass’ name.”
“Actually, I implied that it was worse than lame-ass.” 
“Whatever. Tell me, what is a sock to you?”
Ed grunted. “A verb. To sock. As in, I want to sock you for never cleaning up.”
“Not quite.” Jeremy refused to succumb to Ed’s poor wit. Most of the mess was Ed’s fault. “A sock is a harmless object. It’s typically made of cotton or wool, and under normal circumstances couldn’t hurt a fly. Correct?”
“Hey, lookit that, another building blew up last night. The heroes are at it again.”
“Focus, Ed!” Snatching the remote from his roommate’s hand, Jeremy flung it across the room. It slid across hard linoleum and into the kitchen. “This is important! Is what I said correct?”
“Hey, that’s my remote.” Ed pushed Jeremy aside. “Yeah, fine, you’re right. Sock, harmless. Check.”
“Correct. It’s something nobody would expect to be dangerous. And that’s where the beauty of Dr. Sock comes into full view. Nobody will take me seriously… that is, until I show them what I can do.”
Jeremy could already taste the full glory of his vision. He’d been concocting his scheme for weeks, planning all the things he would do as the villainous Dr. Sock. No one could expect the combination of woven fabric and subtle smarts to be so deadly! No one!
“Oh yeah? So what can you do, then, Mr. Sock?”
“Dr. Sock!” Jeremy replied testily, pulled out of his daydream of tying a helpless heroine to train tracks. “It’s Dr. Sock.”
Ed shrugged. He kicked at the pizza box, grabbed a slice of Hawaiian with his toes and brought it up to his mouth for a nibble. “Isn’t that implying you have a doctorate, oh mighty English major?”
Jeremy twitched. He hadn’t chosen to go to school for English, and Ed knew it. “No. That doesn’t matter for villains. Villainy is in the blood, and I’m a natural.”
The slice of pizza slipped away from Ed’s flailing toes and bounced off the seat of his pants. He swore. “You’re a natural, eh? Then why do you need my help?”
“Well. Every good villain needs his lackeys.”
“Ah!” Ed rose, stepping gingerly over his fallen breakfast, and walked to the balcony. Somewhere in the distance, a plume of smoke erupted from a burning building. Picturesque Urban City. “A lackey. Thanks so much for making me a lackey.”
“C’mon, c’mon, c’mon.” Jeremy joined his sarcastically-sulky friend, his ear half listening to the gentle blare of distant police sirens. There were a lot of them, these days. “That’s just the official term. You can be a henchman instead.”
“Not a sidekick? Or a partner?”
Jeremy rolled his eyes. Ed was a comic book expert. How could he make such mistakes? “My friend, you know as well as I do that villains don’t have sidekicks. That’s for heroes.” 
“Meh.”
Jeremy draped a hand over Ed’s shoulder. “And a partner? Villains betray their partners. I don’t wanna betray you, buddy. So how’s henchman sound?”
“Last I checked, villains will happily betray their henchmen, too,” Ed countered. He didn’t sound impressed. “Okay. Let’s say I buy all this and agree to help. Question is, why do you want to be a supervillain?”
Ah, another easy answer. Jeremy spread his arms dramatically as he stepped back into the apartment. “Why does anyone want to be a villain, Ed? Let alone a supervillain? It’s motive. It’s revenge. It’s because society is broken, and needs to be remade. That’s why I want to be a supervillain.”
Ed rolled his eyes. “How ambiguous. Well, in case you hadn’t noticed, Jer, I’m an engineer. I like specifics. So get specific. Why the hell do you want to run around a city already densely populated with supervillains, calling yourself something retarded like Dr. Sock?”
Jeremy hesitated. This is where his plans fell a little short of his expectations. Usually villains had a simple, clear motive for becoming evil. Abusive childhood, death of a loved one, ruination of a company, that sort of thing. Jeremy didn’t quite fall into those categories, as his motivation was being sick of his place in the world, the son of the owner of a clothing store. No prospects for the future beyond running the store himself when his dad retired. That’s why the name Dr. Sock was ironic – he worked with socks all day, and now, he would be the master of socks. Socks of evil.
Wait, was that irony? What did irony mean again?
“Please don’t tell me you’ve just fallen in with another stupid trend, Jer,” Ed continued, filling the silence. “Like last year, when you went Goth for a few weeks. Or your ska phase before that. Or, hell, buying those little cardboard disc things when we were kids… what was that game called again?”
Jeremy shook his head. “Focus! Focus! This isn’t a phase. It’s what I want to do with my life. I just told you, I want revenge on society for being so crappy. Haven’t you watched the news lately? Our world is a shithole!”
“I was watching the news, before you turned it off.” Padding into the kitchen, Ed grabbed the remote and flicked their old television set back on. A report on the latest super powered battles flickered briefly on the screen before the set died. “Aww, you piece of crap.”
“See?” Jeremy threw his hands in the air and hopped on the couch. “Another piece of shit to add to the collection. Can’t you fix that thing? You’re the goddamned engineer.”
Ed punched the television. It didn’t respond. “We should just buy a new set. Not something from the pawn shop.”
“We’d have the money for that if you would get a job.”
“Hey, fuck off, I pay my half of the rent. You can’t complain. The market sucks right now.”
“It shouldn’t for engineers. What do you do all day when I’m not home? Have you ever even printed off a resume?”
Ed clapped his hands. “Now who’s losing focus? Hard to be a supervillain when you’re busy playing one half of a married couple with your roomie.”
Jeremy sighed. It was always like this with Ed. They were lifelong friends, but arguments were inevitable whenever they talked for more than five minutes. Jeremy was an ambitious dreamer; Ed, a down-to-earth, sarcastic slob. 
“Alright. Okay. Look. We’re getting off track. The point is, I want to be a supervillain. And unlike anything else I’ve ever done” – Jeremy waggled a finger at Ed, demanding silence – “I’m gonna follow through on this. I’ll make it happen. Dr. Sock will be a reality, and he’ll make all the other ‘supervillains’ out there look like utter crap. Are you with me?”
Ed didn’t answer. He looked outside again, eyes focused on the smoke cloud. It had expanded, fading slowly into the hazy sky over the city. Similar plumes were emerging from a dozen other buildings. The super powers were busy today.
Jeremy sat up, expectant. After a few minutes of silence, he asked again. “Are you with me, ol’ chum?”
“Of course I’m with you!” Ed snapped, turning sharply. “You didn’t even have to ask. Somebody has to keep your stupid ass from getting killed, and I’m always the man with the plan. Besides, I can’t wait to see you make an idiot of yourself in public. I bet you’ll give up after a single failed heist.”
Jeremy nodded. It was the best he could expect. “Great. Great. I can’t wait. I really was worried you might say no.”
Ed picked up his beer and took another swig. A long line of amber goodness sloughed down his neck, staining his t-shirt. He burped. “Oh yeah? Why? Didn’t think the comic book fanatic in your life would be interesting in moulding his very own inept supervillain?”
“No, I figured you would say no because you’re an asshole.”
“Me the asshole? Who forgot to pay the rent last month?”
“You did! I told you I was busy at work! Did you pay it this month?”
“No I didn’t pay it, I’m busy too! I have a life, y’know! All you do is fold fucking clothes all day!”
“Fuck you!”

Jeremy’s Arm Ached

because, as predicted, he was folding clothes. But he didn’t mind, because he got to listen in on prime gossip that way. And whenever two well-dressed businessmen got together, there was always interesting gossip.
“She put the drop in the bucket and she turned and she said, ‘Ten whole dollars and I’d rather be dead!’ Ooo wah, ooo wah…”
Had he not known better, Jeremy never would have pegged suits for accidentally passing on choice information. Their lives were a constant game of numbers, so why would they know anything of interest? Jeremy started out at Fine Fashion Clothiers thinking that chatty housewives had the best details.
“Put her feet in the bucket and she turned and she said, ‘Only gonna skip with a fistful of lead!’ Ooo wah, ooo wah…”
He learned otherwise by the time he was twenty-one. Businessmen who weren’t engaged in active business knew the best stuff, and they talked about it while shopping. Why? Probably because they didn’t think anyone else was listening in. Who would worry about an eavesdropper at a clothing store? Not too many people.
“Dead man’s comin’, gotta relax…”
But Jeremy had good ears, and his ears told him that the first guy was an executive in the power industry. The other… he wasn’t sure. But dude number one carried all the important details anyway.
“More attacks?”
“Yeah. We’re getting really tired of these spandex-wearing assholes barging in all the time.”
“No doubt.”
"Forty-five drums and a keyboard in the back…"
“They must work, right? Must have apartments and houses? Don’t they care about fucking up the electric grid? It’s not like any of them steal equipment of worth, they just run in and mess up everything. I don’t get it.”
“Couldn’t tell you.”
“The place is usually in lockdown. I had a hell of a time coming out here to meet you.” The first man paused. “Hey. Want to hear something really heavy?”
“Yeah, sure.”
Jeremy’s ear twitched. He leaned in closer to listen, shielded by a row of jeans.
“Don’t be so casual. I could get fired if they knew I’d blabbed.”
“Well, why don’t you just text it to me instead?”
Jeremy shook his head. No, no, don’t text it! Then I can’t hear!
“You fucking stupid? I can’t do that. God knows if I’m monitored or not. Maybe I shouldn’t say anything…”
No, no, please, don’t get cold feet now, you tease!
“C’mon. I won’t tell a soul. I’m great at keeping secrets.”
Jeremy held his breath and listened.
“Gonna put a golden bullet into your head! Ooh wah, ooh wah…”
He also reminded himself to turn off the radio during the day.

Their Toxic Romance

Based on what he heard at his father’s clothing store, Jeremy went to the dump. It was as good a place as any for an origin story.
“This isn’t your origin,” said Ed. “Your origin is in your twisted little brain. Or maybe our apartment. That’ll look great in your Wikipedia entry.”
Jeremy smacked Ed and put a finger to his lips. He needed to concentrate on his tiny homemade lock pick. He hadn’t unlocked anything without a key since he was fifteen. Ed shrugged and surveyed their surroundings instead.
There wasn’t much to see. The Urban City dump was dark, and aside from a small guard trailer on the other side of the parking lot it was also deserted. Nobody walking nearby seemed to care that two guys wearing balaclavas were breaking into the dump. Had the security guard been awake – and they knew he wasn’t, after a quick peek in the window of his guard shack – he probably wouldn’t have cared either.
The lock clicked. The dump’s maintenance gate swung open. Jeremy tossed his bent paperclip away and slipped inside, Ed on his heels. They clicked on their flashlights and crept into the dump, Jeremy so anxious to begin his villainous career that he needed to suck on his inhaler. 
“So tell me why we’re here again?” Ed asked, wincing at the smell of decaying refuse. “Aside from enjoying the view?”
“I told you. We’re looking for barrels.”
“Barrels.”
“Yeah, barrels. Special barrels.”
“Oh, well, that explains it all. Special barrels.”
Jeremy sighed. “I need a weapon to become a supervillain. And since most of the heroes and villains running around these days have weird powers, that means I need a power. Or more than one.”
“Ah. And special barrels will give you powers?”
“Oh, shut up. Keep your eyes open for the symbol. You know the one, so don’t act like some ignorant arse.”
“Yeah, yeah. And where did you learn this precious information?”
“The clothing store.”
Ed laughed. “Your dad’s store? Why the hell would you hear about something like this at a clothing store?”
“I just did!” Jeremy snapped. “No thanks to your fucking Edwin and Edwin, either. Almost couldn’t hear what the guys were saying.”
“Well, maybe you should have been appreciating good music rather than listening in on conversations. Which I assume you were doing. Again. Which song was it?”
“What’s it matter, they’re all garbage.”
 Ed started to hum his mental repertoire of Edwin and Edwin songs. Jeremy threatened bodily harm. They argued.
The pair searched for over an hour, the glare of their flashlights turning the piles of junk into monstrous heaps of jagged angles and fleeing vermin. Jeremy was reminded of a horror movie, and though he maintained a steady hand he wondered what he was doing here. His father hadn’t raised him for crap like this.
No, Jeremy’s father had raised him to run a clothing store. With a brief dip into university for flavour. A good grasp of the English language helps you relate with the customers. That’s important in a solid salesman, Jeremy.
“Shut up,” Jeremy muttered to himself. “Focus.”
“Say what, fearless leader?”
Jeremy shook his head. He shoved his father's advice into his white space where it belonged, annoying and ignored. “Nothing. Should we split up, maybe? Cover more ground?”
Ed kicked at a small heap of junk nearby. His boot got stuck in the back of an old toaster oven, and he struggled to wrench it out. Cockroaches streamed out of the hole. “Ew. Er. You crazy? Your sense of direction sucks. If you wandered off I’d probably never see you again. Remember when we went camping and you insisted on leading the way?”
Of course Jeremy remembered. They’d slept in a cave that night. A bear had almost eaten them. Only the timely arrival of a park ranger with a rifle had saved their lives. Jeremy had emulated forest rangers for weeks afterwards, insisting that he could, at the very least, be a clothier with a rifle. No such luck on that fantasy.
Don’t worry, he reassured himself. This will work out better. “Fine. We’ll stick together. And of course I was the leader, I’m always the leader. Just like you’re always the sidekick.”
“Only ‘cause you’re a pushy douchebag who never shares.”
“No, because I’m the one with vision. That’s why I’m gonna be the supervillain, while you’re stuck being a sidekick.”
“Henchman.”
Jeremy bowed in mock apology. He nearly tripped over half a plastic bin, jutting out of a pile of greying garbage. Ed laughed.
“You know, henchmen are supposed to help every now and then,” Jeremy whispered testily, stooping to rub his ankle.
“I am helping. Why do you think I’m walking through a junk yard at midnight with my goofball roommate?”
“Yeah, but you’re not exactly helping, are you? You just kick shit, follow in my footsteps and make snide comments. That’s useless.”
“Sorry, but I’m not the mastermind here. I’m the brute force.” Ed swung his arms like clumsy pendulums, imitating an ape. “I no know nuthin’. You point, I do stuffs.”
Jeremy sneered. “If you don’t make yourself useful, I swear to god-“
But Jeremy was cut off, for in that moment of criticism he failed to notice two things. First, that he’d turned around to chastise his friend while still walking forward, a bad idea when one is at the top of a slope. And, second, that a hunk of something – maybe a plastic bag, maybe a human hand – had poked out of the ground and snagged his foot.
He tripped. He fell on his face. He rolled down a mountain of garbage, suffering a thousand tiny cuts, crapes and bruises along the way. The relentless crunch of crushed trash echoed loudly throughout the quiet dump, alerting every empty bulldozer and scavenging rat to the pair’s presence.
Ow.

Flashback

Jeremy's mother always made the best macaroni, and as Jeremy tumbled down the hill his nose momentarily filled with the scent of melted cheese.  But where were the hotdogs? That was disappointing.
Oh yeah. That's not happening right now. This is going to hurt more, I bet. Jesus, my arm already hurts like hell.
Eventually, he rolled to a stop.

A Fistful of Goo

Jeremy lingered in his eventual resting spot, clutching his left bicep. He’d bounced it off a half-buried car motor. It always burned more than the rest of his body, the result of an old injury that liked to annoy Jeremy at every opportunity.
He groaned, wondering again if this might have been a bad idea. So what if he’d overheard something about a shipment in his dad’s store, something about nuclear waste being diverted to the dump for temporary storage. What good would that toxic goo do him if he broke every bone in his body?
After a long time of darkness, his flashlight extinguished and lost to the wastes, something nudged Jeremy’s shoulder. Flabby arms helped him to his feet. Pain erupted from every sensory nerve in his body.
“That was smooth.” Ed brushed a banana peel off his friend’s balaclava.
“Jesus,” Jeremy moaned. “I… I broke… I’ve broken… my… everything… my fucking arm…”
Ed laughed. “No, Jer, you haven’t. You’ve just made yourself look like an asshole. That’s a daily event, so we’re on par for the evening.”
Jeremy grunted. He wanted to go home and have a long bath.
“Oh, and you’ve found the super-secret stash of radioactive waste.”
What was that about home?
Jeremy’s eyes tore open, following the beam of Ed’s flashlight. They were inside a tunnel of junk, burrowed directly into the mountain they’d been walking on. Rows of bright yellow barrels lay at the end of the light, all bearing a familiar three-pronged radioactive symbol.
Oh me, oh my, thought Jeremy. This is progress. He winced, rubbing his arms to dull the pain.
“Let me guess, you fell on purpose, right? Your tumbling body is a dowsing rod for toxic materials?”
Jeremy smacked Ed away. Trying to ignore the pain in his extremities he stumbled towards the barrels, lightly caressing the first one he reached. It was cold to the touch, which was expected. But would its contents be similarly chill when he stuck his hand inside?
Jeremy tested the barrel’s lid. It remained stubbornly shut. He yanked harder, but the soldering that sealed the barrel held true. He looked to Ed for help.
Ed shook his head. "I’m not going near those things. You’re the one that wants to swim in mutagenic goop. You know this shit will probably just give you cancer, right?”
Wrong. That’s not how comic books worked at all. And while Jeremy might not have placed any credence in comic book logic a year ago, super powers were, now, a reality. Nobody knew where they were coming from, and given that radioactivity was known to cause mutations… and given that the nuclear plant outside the city was well known for super power activity, so much so that these barrels had to be temporarily hidden in a common landfill…
Jeremy tested the barrels, using Ed’s flashlight to inspect the rows one by one. Most of them were packed tightly shut, however, and it wasn’t until Jeremy reached the first barrel of the last row that he discovered a container with a loose lid. He stepped back in surprise as the lid clattered noisily around the top and fell shut again.
Ed spat and swore. He’d been chewing his fingernails. “Oh god. You actually found an open barrel. I’d hoped you wouldn’t be so lucky.”
Jeremy tested the barrel lid. Though heavy, it lifted away without much effort. A foul chemical smell wafted out, and he fell back, gagging, groping for his inhaler.
“What’s the matter, hot stuff?” Ed called out merrily. “Getting cold feet? Ready to go home?”
No. No.
Jeremy covered his mouth. He forced the vomit in his throat back down with a blast of cloudy medicine. He was master of his own body. He wouldn’t be taken away from this, his only chance at super powers. All those heroes… all those villains… they’d never enjoyed their conversions. Seldom ever, anyway. The initial transformation was always detestable.
Once it was done, though? Wings. Laser eyes. Fire breath. Scaly skin. All sorts of crap. This would be his world.
“Shouldn’t you take off one of your socks and eat it, or something? That way you’d actually be Dr. Sock. If you grow a bunch of legs and spider eyes you’re not going to seem terribly thematic.”
“Shut up!” Jeremy yelled, his voice shaking. His mother had told him thousands of times to stay away from that power plant, it’s full of radioactive crap that will give you cancer and kill you in less than five seconds, do you really want to do that to your mother? Then stay away from that part of town or there will be hell to pay, young man!
“Well? You gonna eat the stuff or are we going home?”
Villains don’t listen to their mothers.
Plugging his nose, Jeremy lurched at the barrel and pushed the lid away. He peered inside, faintly registering a mound of brown sludge under the flashlight’s glare. Tossing the light aside, he plunged his arm into the waste.
Submerged in the glacial goo, Jeremy’s arm tingled.
Before he could comment on the experience, however, a bellowed “Hey you!” filled the tunnel, and when Jeremy pulled his arm from the barrel and looked to the entrance he briefly saw the silhouette of a security guard. The hat was unmistakable.
Then the man fell, going down with a hard grunt, and Ed rose behind him with a length of bent pipe in his hands. He waved frantically to Jeremy, and when he screamed “Let’s get the fuck outta here!” his voice lacked its usual baritone sarcasm.
So, indeed, they got the fuck out of there.

Bitter Disappointment

“I don’t have any powers, Ed.”
“I know, Jer. It’s such a shame.”
Three days had passed since the bizarre trip to the city dump, and Jeremy hadn’t exhibited any signs of supernatural powers. No wings, no laser eyes, no fire breath, no scaly skin. The only thing he’d gained was all kinds of crap, suffering from periodic diarrhoea. He hoped this was a temporary side effect of the sludge.
He’d also washed his arm off in a fountain on the way home. In retrospect he felt bad for potentially giving dozens of other people the runs, but it was the only way.
“I don’t get it,” Jeremy moaned, moping over a board game. “It was radioactive. It was toxic, or something. It should have worked.”
Ed knocked one of Jeremy’s pieces off the board. The move was illegal, but Jeremy was too preoccupied to notice. “It’s a setback. And maybe a sign that you should give up on this supervillain thing.”
“No!” Jeremy stood, aghast, and kicked the board aside. Pieces flew everywhere. “No! I won’t have it!”
“Bastard, I was winning.” Ed slunk back onto his couch, grabbed a fresh beer from his micro fridge and chugged. “You gonna clean those?”
“No! I mean, yes! I mean, don’t confuse these issues!”
“What, becoming a supervillain and cleaning the apartment?”
“Yes! You’re making me think about too much stuff at once!”
“What if you became a villainous maid? You could clean our apartment with evil dusters and shit. That would be funny.” Ed closed his eyes. “No, wait, maid means that you have to wear some frilly dress outfit. I don’t wanna see your skinny calves in lingerie.”
“Will you shut up about maids?!” Jeremy paced. He didn’t know what to do. His plan had been foolproof, and now… nothing? No powers? “Maybe I didn’t dip enough of myself in the sludge. Or for long enough. Maybe we have to go back and have a full-on bath.”
Ed flipped on the television, repaired but still hazy. Reports of a foiled theatre robbery – and the destruction of the theatre by the over-zealous hero, Commander Bombastic – dominated the news. Ed changed the channel to a cartoon. “Ooo, Marx and Madison. I love this show.”
“Would you pay attention?” Grabbing the remote, Jeremy hurled it across the room. It slapped off his stuffed bear, Clancy. “Why the fuck does everything you like have to come in twos?”
Ed sniffed. “Clancy’s gonna be pissed now. You brought the fire. Would you stop throwing that everywhere?”
Jeremy ignored his roommate. Now wasn’t the time for jokes. His position as an up-and-coming supervillain teetered on collapse. He needed a weapon to fight the good guys. And if he couldn’t gain random super powers…
“So, you gonna ask me, or what?”
Jeremy whirled around and stuck his foot into a bag of nachos, painting his toes bright orange. He swore, kicking the bag into the wall.
Ed retrieved the remains of the bag and started munching. “I’ll give you a few minutes.”
Jeremy tore off to the bathroom to wash his feet. He returned five minutes later to continue the conversation., glaring at the stereo that was now playing an Edwin and Edwin song. “Ask you what?”
Ed was still eating. His words emerged with a spray of spittle and crumbs. “To do my engineering stuff.”
Jeremy feigned innocence with a puzzled look, but he knew Ed had spotted his backup plan.
Ed rolled his eyes. “Please. You said you brought me here for my comics expertise, but you haven’t asked a single question about comic book villains. You know enough about comics to get by on your own. Not that you should base your supervillain aspirations on them, since most comic books villains are idiots.”
Tossing the empty nacho bag on the heap of garbage around his feet, Ed dusted his hands. “You’re a doctor. You shoulda gone the technological route all along, dingbat. Doctors have guns and shit. So that’s why I’m here, just in case you couldn’t get any crazy super powers.”
“That’s quite a theory.” It was also true. Jeremy gulped.
“Aha!” Ed stabbed a finger towards Jeremy’s bobbing adam's apple. “Got you. You want something that will let you stand toe-to-toe with the heroes, and maybe other villains. Something that will make Dr. Sock a legend. Right?”
“… right.” Jeremy hated to admit it, but he was at Ed’s mercy. That seemed a total reversal from the norm – the sidekick, or henchman, or whatever, was always supposed to remain subordinate to the villain – but Jeremy didn’t have much choice at the moment.
And he had to remain that way, at least for now. He needed to flatter Ed. Ed was the kind of guy who could build almost anything from scratch, and usually made that anything lethal. When they were kids, he’d built a slingshot capable of firing paint cans almost three hundred feet away. Now, with an engineering degree at his command, Ed regularly constructed simple siege weapons with a club of like-minded engineers, posting the results as online videos. Jeremy didn’t want a car converted into a sleek battering ram, mind, but he was sure Ed could do something to help him with his weaponry problem.
Ed grabbed a beer from his fridge and chugged it, belching ‘Dr. Sock’ and laughing. “Dr. Sock is never gonna be a legend, man. It’s a stupid name and a stupid idea from a stupid man.”
Jeremy’s hope deflated, replaced by bubbling ire and an oft-heeded desire to argue. But Ed stopped Jeremy’s words from getting past his teeth with a wave of his hand.
“Don’t get me wrong!” he began. “I’m fully open to letting you try. Lord knows I love a good experiment, and I wouldn’t stop you from getting yourself smashed, shot, slashed or otherwise maimed. I’m a good friend like that. So, yeah, I have a weapon in mind for you. Hell, it’s already done.”
The argument roiling in Jeremy’s mind disappeared, replaced again by that bump of hope. “You do? It is? Show me!”
Flashing a rare smile, Ed rose, hummed a few bars from the song on the stereo and disappeared into his room. After several minutes of frantic shuffling – Jeremy knew from hard experience that Ed’s room was a disgusting pit, filled with trash – he came back with a long, polished tube, complete with two grips, a trigger and what looked like an ammo belt.
Filled with socks.
“Oh, fuck you.” Jeremy slouched. He wasn’t so addle-brained to think that socks could do any damage. Ed was messing with him again.
Ed, however, didn’t break into his usual sarcastic snickering. Instead, he excitedly dropped the weapon in Jeremy’s hands. “No, no, really. It actually works, and quite well.”
Jeremy rolled his eyes. “Socks. A sock cannon. You’re just messing with me.”
“Seriously! Go on, try it out.” Pacing across the room, nearly tripping on a stack of video games, Ed grabbed the fallen Clancy from amid the trash and planted him on a shelf. “Peg the bear. You know you wanna.”
Jeremy hesitated. This was stupid. No matter how much work Ed may have put into this design – and he’d only had a week to do it, so it wasn’t that much time – this cannon could not fire a sock at any speed approaching lethal. It couldn’t be done. Dr. Sock wasn’t meant to literally fire socks at his enemies.
“What is it?” Ed chided, backing well away from Clancy and pursing his lips. “Afraid you might hurt your little bear?”
Jeremy twitched. Hefting the gun, certain that it wouldn’t do a hell of a lot, he aimed the barrel directly at Clancy’s head. The bear didn’t flinch, watching him with glassy eyes that dared Jeremy to pull the trigger. “Do it,” they cried, “do it, you monumental pansy.”
Jeremy wasn’t a pansy. Dr. Sock certainly wasn’t a pansy. So he pulled the trigger.
The first thing Jeremy registered in the aftermath of firing his sock cannon wasn’t the extreme recoil. It wasn’t the fact that he was on the floor. It wasn’t the fact that Clancy no longer had a head, or that the wall behind him was dented. No, Jeremy’s first thought was of Ed, who, seconds before Jeremy fired the sock cannon, had leaped behind the couch. Ed didn’t normally leap anywhere. He was too fat. That should have been enough of an indicator for Jeremy that this cannon was, indeed, quite a potent piece of machinery.
Ed emerged from his hiding spot and peered at his roommate. He looked grimly pleased as he grabbed a ragged chunk of sock, suspended from the ceiling fan. Then he frowned. “This isn’t the same sock you fired. All the ones I loaded were black.”
“I know,” moaned Jeremy. “That’s from a few weeks ago. You were drunk.”
“Oh.”
Jeremy lifted the gun with greater reverence than before, running his fingers over the battered barrel. It looked like an old pipe. He could only imagine what technical wonders lay within its unremarkable shell. “How many shots does it have before it needs a reload?”
“Twenty.” Ed tapped the ammo belt, hanging loosely from the side. “It’s easy to refill. Just slide the belt out, plop the socks in the sections and jam it back in. Lemme see it?”
Reluctantly, Jeremy handed the cannon over. Ed detached the ammo belt, set the rest of the cannon aside and yanked one of the cramped black socks out of its slot. He tossed it to Jeremy, and it slid into the future supervillain’s hands with a grainy clatter.
“What the hell?” Jeremy upended the sock in his hands. A small, orange beanbag fell out. “What’s this?”
“What’s it look like? A beanbag. I have hundreds of ‘em in storage downstairs. I always wanted to make a riot cannon like the cops use; now I have the chance. The socks dull the impact a bit, but not much.”
Jeremy scowled. “I’m not Dr. Beanbag.”
“What did you expect? That a sock did that much damage?” Ed shook his head, grabbed the beanbag and reloaded the cannon. “Socks don’t have enough mass. I just gave ‘em more punch.”
“So I could do this without the socks.”
“Yep. But, y’know, thematic. If you wanna be a good comic book villain, your weapon needs to match your name.”
“I guess.” So what if Jeremy fired socks. They did a lot of damage. And if he wanted to do more? “Could this thing fire other stuff? Harder stuff?”
Ed grinned sadistically. “Of course it can. And at greater speeds.” He pointed at a gauge at the bottom, clearly labelled ‘Velocerator’. “Has five different settings. You’re only halfway to the top.”
Supervillainy. What a life, Jeremy thought.
Then considered what he’d just done.
“Jesus! Clancy! I shot Clancy!” Jeremy rushed forward to hug his beheaded childhood friend, frantically searching for the remains of his fluffy skull.
“Yeah, some wicked fucking villain you’ll be, Jer.”

Please, Sir, May I Have Some Socks?

Once Clancy was solemnly buried in the bottom of a trash bag, Jeremy went to work and made an odd request of his father.
“Socks?”
“Yeah, dad. Socks. Lots of socks.”
“Why socks?”
“Ed. He’s, uh, doing one of his experiments. You know. He says he needs socks.”
“Socks.”
“Yeah, jesus, socks!”
“Ed’s going to get himself killed one of these days with his ‘experiments’. Does he have a job yet?”
“If he does, he hasn’t told me. Can I have the socks or not?”
“Well, I guess it’s alright. There’s a pile of them in the storehouse from last year. Never sold. Itchy little bastards. The customers hated ‘em. I think the company’s out of business now. It’s good to know which businesses are on the outs, Jer, remember that.”
“Thanks, dad.”
“No sense wasting money on bad product.”
“I know, dad. I have to go.”
“Don’t you have an hour left in your shift?”
“The store’s dead, dad. You can manage on your own. I have stuff to do.”
“It’ll come out of your pay. You shouldn’t pay workers for work they’re not doing, son. Remember that.”
“I’m well aware, dad. Can I go?”
“Yes. Have a good day, son. I love you. Remember that, too.”
“Yeah. Bye, dad.”

Pros At Work

Twenty minutes later, a giant washing bag full of socks slung over his shoulder, Jeremy walked home. He didn’t have far to go, as his apartment was four blocks away, but the socks slowed him down. 
Which Jeremy didn’t mind. He wouldn’t even need his inhaler, because he was bound to go slow today anyway. There was a robbery in progress.
Robberies were common in Urban City. The coming of the super powers made sure of that. It was tough for the police to catch either side in the act, and thanks to unpredictable powers even harder to hold troublemakers in prison for long. Life had been chaotic for months, and if the news was any judge, most other population centres across the globe were experiencing similar troubles.
Jeremy wanted in on the action. He was sick of working in a goddamned clothing store.
The front of a pizzeria exploded, and from the flaming wreckage flew a man in a tuxedo, his cummerbund on fire. Jeremy recognized him as Spectacular Spectacles, a gentleman of class who could turn small objects – in his case, pairs of glasses - into blazing projectiles. He couldn’t throw them very well, but he certainly tried.
And behind him… emerging from the flames… was that…? Ah, yes. Miss Meanie, she of the massive muscles and foul demeanour. She could lift a car with her bare hands, they said. Not terribly original, but interesting enough.
Jeremy settled down on his sock bag to watch as civilians ran in all directions away from the fight. Meanie, roaring her displeasure, tore through the flames and dived at Spectacles. He rolled to avoid her, pulled a trio of monocles from his suit pocket and hurled them at Meanie. They exploded, she swore, and when he turned to run she pursued him into an alley. Explosions, shouts and sirens followed.
“Aw, it was just getting good.” Jeremy had seen superheroes and supervillains fight before. The battles usually lasted longer, or at least remained in the same spot. He wasn’t even sure which of them was the hero and which the villain, though judging by the names, Jeremy could probably guess.
Still. What a gyp. Jeremy walked home.

He’s A Sewing Champ, or The Big Reveal

Ed was reading from a stack of comic books piled beside the couch and listening to Edwin and Edwin when Jeremy entered the apartment. They grunted at one another, and Jeremy left his bag at the front door. Time for some orange juice.
“You get the stuff?” Ed asked, not looking up from his comic.
“’course I did.” Jeremy shut off the stereo and pulled out the plug. “What do you think this giant bag is for?”
“Laundry. Or your dirty tissues. You spend way too much time in your room masturbating.”
“Jesus, Ed, shut up.”
“It’s true. You think I don’t know? I’m forced to listen every night. Your headboard sounds like a clunky carnival ride. Get a girl already.”
“You’re one to talk. Did you pay the rent?”
“Nope. I was busy.”
“The money’s been on the counter for a week now! Just take it to the goddamned super, he’s on my ass every time I go to work!”
“I’ll pay the super when you take out the trash. I bet you’ve never even seen the back alley.”
“That’s your job! Most of this crap is yours anyway.” Jeremy kicked an empty cardboard box out of the kitchen, downing his orange juice in one venomous gulp. “Gah. I hate you. I need a new roomie.”
“Maybe. You get the stuff?”
“I told you, yes! Do you only listen to every third word I say or something?”
“Those are generally the ones backed up by intelligence. Do you know what you’re gonna do for an outfit?”
Finally, some constructive conversation. “Yeah, I think so. I’ve been drawing up plans. Did you get the armour done?”
Ed jerked a thumb towards his room. “It’s under my bed. I think. Should be bullet resistant. Just slip whatever retarded sock outfit you have planned over the padding-“
“Wait wait wait.” Jeremy planted his fists against his hips, mimicking his mother’s best ‘I don’t approve’ stance. “Should be bullet resistant? You’re not sure?”
“I don’t have a gun on me to test it out. Do you?”
“I…” Jeremy stammered. “What about the sock cannon?”
“Wreck one thing I made with something else? Great plan, Jer. Fantastic. Look, the idea is not to get shot at in the first place. Want me to make you some smoke bombs? I can get you white smoke to fit in with your crappy sock theme.”
“You’re the one who keeps sticking me with sock stuff!” Jeremy yelled. “Dr. Sock wasn’t meant to be covered in socks! You just… kinda… forced me into a corner!”
“A soft, one hundred percent cotton corner?”
“Oh, shut up. I’m gonna go sew. Make yourself useful and get dinner ready or something.”
Jeremy stomped towards his room with his sock bag in hand, dark clouds storming in his brain, but Ed called out before he could close the door. “Hold up. Seriously, now. You’re gonna have to do something other than break into the city dump. What’s your first heist? And when?”
A big question. Important. How would Dr. Sock make his all-important public debut? The answer was obvious, given their lack of a getaway vehicle, though Jeremy had considered numerous alternatives anyway. If he was going to be a proper supervillain, however, he had to think traditional.
“The bank. On Blake St. Probably tomorrow.”
Silence.
“The bank,” Ed repeated.
“Yeah. The bank.”
“A heavily-fortified, cop-filled stronghold, which, thanks to the popularity of robbing banks these days – probably because every supervillain thinks the exact same way – should prove impenetrable.”
“… yeah.”
“Jer. Do you not want to be a supervillain? Or do you have a death wish?”
There was no arguing here, however, and Jeremy, tired from a day of conversing with lousy customers, closed the door.  
Two hours later, after a great deal of sewing, Jeremy swaggered out as Dr. Sock. And Ed, peeking over the couch, didn’t tell Jeremy what he wanted to hear.
“You look like a giant condom.”
Three hours later, Jeremy emerged again. This time, he’d added some football gear to the mix, as well as covering the black socks with red fabric. He’d meant it to look like lightning bolts. Ed disapproved.
“Those shoulders will get in the way of my armour. And what’s with the red? You look like a veiny penis.” He sat up and snapped his fingers. “I got it! Put the condom on over that one! Ultimate protection.”
Half an hour later, Jeremy appeared a third time. He wore a stethoscope, a pair of goggles he’d scrounged from Ed’s junk, white gloves and a surgical apron. He had no idea where he’d picked up the apron.
“Going for the doctor angle?”
“Yeah. You like?”
“I don’t see any socks.”
“Fuck the socks. Do you like it?”
“It looks a bit too much like the movie character that may have got you into all this crap in the first place. Do you wanna be sued? Besides, your face is exposed. Only useful if you’re wheezy, which is a given, you asthmatic wuss.”
The next morning, Jeremy walked out of his room with a coffee in his hand and his final outfit. No matter what Ed said, he wouldn’t be changing it again.
Fortunately, Ed made some appreciative noises during inspection, shortly after relieving himself in the bathroom. “Hm. It’s not bad. Looks weird with all the sock ridges, but the hood is kinda badass. Good to see you have a mask… the goggles aren’t bad… the cape isn’t long, so it shouldn’t get caught anywhere… and I don’t think it’ll get in the way of my armour. Good stuff.”
Jeremy sagged. He’d spent four hours working on this design, slashing apart socks and carefully sewing them together. It was nice to hear Ed approve of something, for once.
“Although…”
Jeremy tensed.
“Do you really need the stethoscope?”
“Yeah. I’m a doctor. Nobody would know it if I didn’t wear something that made me look like a doctor.”
“You’re not a doctor, you’re a supervillain. I can only think of one villain who wore a stethoscope in the comics. He was lame.”
“Are you implying that I’m lame?”
“Possibly. You’re gonna keep it anyway, aren’t you?”
“Yes! You want me to stick to a theme and I have. I had enough sock stuff; I needed some doctor stuff. If I have a stethoscope, it’s your fault.”
“Whatever.” Ducking into his room, Ed returned minutes later with a small mannequin, covered in light body armour that looked better suited to playing paintball than practicing the villainous arts. “C’mon, try it all on at once. You need to get used to the feel before you rob a bank, which for the record is still retarded.”
Ignoring Ed’s jibes, Jeremy carried the mannequin into his room, stripped down, put on the armour – incorrectly, he eventually decided, as numerous small plates were digging into his skin – stripped and put it all on again, with his costume. The result was exceedingly hot and bulky, though the stretchiness of the socks making up his costume allowed Jeremy to move his legs. Perfect for getaways, if necessary.
But they wouldn’t be necessary. For now, sleep-deprived and wobbly from sitting at his little sewing desk for hours, Dr. Sock felt ready to go. 
So go he would.
“Fetch me my gun,” he growled, emerging from his room with his best swagger, downing his coffee in a gulp and tossing the cup in the kitchen sink. Even the crunch of an old taco under his boot didn’t dampen Dr. Sock’s spirits.
Ed heaved the cannon casually at its new owner, giving Dr. Sock a once-over. “Not bad. Fits nicely. I guess socks are better for creating a villain outfit than I woulda thought. Wanna get a picture of this for posterity? The whole thing’s insane, so why not post some shots of yourself online?”
“I will. Soon. But now, while it’s still early, I have a bank to rob.” Checking the sock belt on his cannon, Dr. Sock headed for the door.
Ed stuttered, standing. “Wh… now? Are you crazy? You just put the damn thing on! You’ve been up all night! And it’s the middle of the day!”
“All the better to let the world get its first look at the villainous Dr. Sock!” the villain replied, and gripping his cannon in one hand he stretched the other to the ceiling as he laughed. The sound was shrill and victorious, the hiss of a snake on helium. 
Dr. Sock reminded himself to use his inhaler once he left the apartment.

Rent! Rent!

On his way out of the building, Dr. Sock ran into his landlord. 
“Jeremy, do you have…” the old man began as he poked his head out of his apartment. His words faltered when he got his first look at Dr. Sock coming down the stairs. “Oh.”
Jeremy stared at his landlord with cold eyes, though they were hidden by tinted goggles. “What do you want?”
The landlord shook his head, jowls quivering. “Oh. Um. I, ah, thought you were… I mean, the way you walked, with the short... clips… and the wheezing… I thought you were someone else. Are you a new… I mean…”
Dr. Sock strode past his landlord, his sock cannon carried casually under one arm. He didn’t speak until he’d reached the end of the hall, at which point he turned, posed and yelled “Remember this day, for you have witnessed the coming of Dr. Sock, the world’s greatest villain! How ironic that-“
But the landlord had already shut his door, muttering “Not another fucking nutter.” 
Dr. Sock coughed. He stopped posing, feeling awkward, and turned to leave. Out of pure habit he stopped to check his mail, then changed his mind, realizing that this would both reveal his identity and make him look like an idiot. Villains didn’t check their mail. Villains didn’t get mail.

Wheelies

Dr. Sock kicked the front doors open and strode into the city. Not much on his street had changed, despite the monumental arrival of a new, brilliant supervillain - it was still as cracked, decrepit and warning tape-covered as ever. He could only see one person: a small girl, riding around on a tricycle in front of the corner grocery store.
Mental note: buy more pudding on the way back. And tell Ed to stop eating so much fucking pudding, I want some too.
Dr. Sock approached the girl, glaring. This was his first… no, second test. The first hadn’t worked, but this girl couldn’t retreat into an apartment. She could only flee from Dr. Sock’s power. And she would. Fleeing from socks… such irony!
“Hello,” she said.
Dr Sock stopped. He continued to watch her, unflinching but inwardly confused. He had a gun. No, a cannon. A really big cannon. And a mask.
“What’s your name?” she asked.
He felt oddly shy, now that somebody was asking his name. Exposed, despite the many layers of clothes that would soon be drenched with sweat from the July sun. “Uh, Dr. Sock.”
“Oh.” She rode her tricycle in a circle. “Are you good or bad?”
“Bad.”
“Oh.” Another circle. “My mom says they’re the same.”
Dr Sock scratched his head. “Why, that’s not true at all. I’m gonna rob a bank. A hero wouldn’t do that.”
“That’s true.”
“And I’m a doctor. Doctors are usually bad guys. If I was good, I’d be, like… um… Captain Sock.”
“I guess that’s true too. Wanna see me do a wheelie?”
“Can you do a wheelie on a tricycle?”
“Oh, yeah.”
Before she could, however, the little girl’s mother came flying out of the grocery store. She grabbed her daughter and swore at Dr. Sock in Lithuanian before running away.
He prodded the girl’s tricycle with the tip of his gun, then claimed victory with a shout and kept walking towards the bank. No one stopped him, and some people, quite used to costumed ne’er-do-wells in their streets, barely paid Dr. Sock any attention.

Be Gentle, It’s My First Time

The same could not be said of the police officers standing outside the bank when Dr. Sock strolled up, his chest puffed out but his heart pumping. Both of them looked immediately wary, and one stepped forward to give Dr. Sock the boot.
“C’mon, pal, get lost. Your kind ain’t welcome here.”
“That’s a stereotypical thing to say, isn’t it?” Dr. Sock bantered back lightly, despite his nervousness. His voice squeaked. “And lord knows, there’s nothing stereotypical about Dr. Sock! So stand aside!”
The cops looked at each other, then laughed. The second cop raised his bushy eyebrows. “Guess that’s your sock cannon, then, eh?”
“It is!” Dr. Sock roared. This was part of the plan, to be mocked and persecuted, but it enraged Dr. Sock anyway. He wanted respect, by god, and he wanted it right now. “My mighty sock cannon! Are you ready to taste its wrath, officers?!”
The first cop shook his head. “Crazy bastard. Go on, costume, get outta here. Hope the legislature’ll pass down something so we can bust yer ass on sight, but right now you can go… as long as you don’t stir up shit.”
He leaned in close to Dr. Sock. His chest was wide enough to crush mountains. “Don’t stir up shit. I don’t like shit-stirrers.”
Dr. Sock trembled, as much with fear of authority as anger. Jeremy hated crossing cops. He didn’t even like being on the same street as cops. They were too intimidating. 
But he wasn’t Jeremy right now. He was Dr. Sock.  So, without a moment of hesitation, he stepped away, levelled the sock cannon, turned the power of the Velocerator down and fired. With a mighty whomp the cop flew back, slamming into the bank’s front window and sliding onto his butt. The second cop, surprised, spent a second staring at his compatriot – only to join him as a beanbag rebounded off his stomach.
Dr. Sock checked them both. Unconscious. Not dead. Good. The more people to spread the legend, the better.
 Emboldened by his success, Dr. Sock clicked the Velocerator up two settings and fired through the glass. It smashed easily, the entire pane falling apart. Rather than going through the door, as any chump might expect, he walked through the glass and into the bank, drawing the shocked eyes of everyone inside.
“I’m Dr. Sock!” he exclaimed, voice ringing from the ATM machines to the teller booths in the back. “And I’m here for everything you’ve got, swine!”

And Now It Goes Wrong

Or that’s what he would have said if ten cops, ready for him after watching the fracas outside through the glass, hadn’t been waiting with their guns poised to shoot. Dr. Sock’s attempt at greetings was drowned out by a screamed ‘FREEZE!’ from every corner of the bank.
Time froze. Dr. Sock had many long moments to consider his situation, to analyze his various opponents, to determine whether the tingle in his arms was a call to combat, complete and utter fear, pain from the old injury or, perhaps, a by-product of his dip in nuclear waste. He even had time to wonder if this was a good idea, and if, indeed, he should have practiced for a while first, like Ed had suggested.
The first, subtle hints of an asthma attack tugged on Dr. Sock’s lungs. Everything else seemed to be going wrong, so why the hell not?
At this point a good supervillain would have laughed maniacally and employed a secret weapon to bowl the cops off their feet. Usually this was a super power, but technology would have worked just as well. Jeremy suddenly had a dozen genius ideas for things he could have brought to incapacitate his enemies, like a tremor-inducing machine in his boots, or an auto-targeting system built into floating handguns, or a force field covered in spikes, or a simple robotic attack dog.
He just had a gun. Shoot one cop and the rest would fire.
Time returned to normal. Dr. Sock dropped his sock cannon. He didn’t know what else to do, and he was glad that it didn’t go off. The game, it seemed, was over, and he was going to jail. Probably for years, since he’d assaulted a pair of cops with beanbags. Why had he wanted to be a supervillain again?
Maybe he should try and run. He had armour on. But, no, that seemed a stupid idea. They could hit him in any number of vulnerable spots. And he didn’t know if it was actually bulletproof or not. Fucking Ed, why didn’t he test this shit?
“Get down!” they screamed, and Dr. Sock slid his hands behind his head and got on his knees. Why wouldn’t they stop telling him to get down? Jesus, don’t rush a guy going to jail.
His cellmate would be called Lonely Brutus. They would have long nights together. Dr. Sock hated his imagination.
“Get down faster, you retard!” a voice hissed, and at first Dr. Sock thought it was just another cop, trying to one-up his pals. But when the words came again Dr. Sock realized that this was not a cop’s voice, but rather a voice from his armour, and since he didn’t have anything to lose, and since the building was now shaking violently for no apparent reason, Dr. Sock gave up on his slow descent and dove.
The ceiling crumbled above the assembled police force, debris raining down on everyone. Most of the cops ducked out of the way, though a few hapless victims crumbled under chunks of ceiling. Screams echoed everywhere, not the least of which was Dr. Sock’s –
- and then it all vanished under the titanic tones of the manliest man ever created: Commander Bombastic. A whirling dervish of kinetic energy, the commander blasted down into the bank as a cannonball that scattered the debris and destroyed the front desk, the courtesy desks scattered around the bank, and the ATMs. Glass shattered in every building nearby.
“Stop!” he bellowed, his voice the thumping blat of a tuba. “I have been duly warned of your transgressions, Dr. Sock, and I am here to stop you! Your villainous scheme will not go unpunished!”
Dr. Sock, hidden near the remains of an ATM, peeked out at his foe. Commander Bombastic stood at an imposing six foot nine, every inch of his well-muscled body covered in tight, yellow-and-orange spandex. Two blue eyes peeked out of his facemask, jittering in their sockets. The commander looked unwilling or unable to not stand dynamically, his legs spread and his fists planted on his hips.
“Show yourself, coward! Or I will dig you out!” A faint aura of kinetic energy pulsed around Command Bombastic, and the remains of the bank vibrated. The bank’s manager, who had been emerging from the rubble to plead with Commander Bombastic for sanity, shrieked and sprinted into the back rooms from whence he came.
Dr. Sock’s mouth went dry. He didn’t know what to do. His sock cannon was buried somewhere under the fallen ceiling, and even with it he doubted he could have done much to the spastic superhero in the centre of the room. He didn’t want to do anything, anyway, beyond running. 
Supervillains are good at running away, Dr. Sock thought, his lungs tightening in panic. Though usually after getting something out of their heists. Jesus, this is insane!
“You will not show yourself, cowardly Dr. Sock?” Bombastic laughed, the air around him turning bright red. His face twitched crazily. “Then I will come find you instead! Prepare for justice, you bumbling boob!”
Aw, crap.
The room exploded. Bombastic’s kinetic powers expanded outward and he curled back into a ball, launching towards the remains of the front desk. A police officer burst under the impact while the rest ran for the back rooms – though they didn’t get far, as Bombastic smashed back and forth between the side walls like a pinball, wiping out the rear of the bank. 
“Run now, you fucking retard!” Ed hissed from within Dr. Sock’s clothes. “Before he spots you!”
And Dr. Sock, thoroughly humiliated, covered in dust and spilt twenty-dollar bills, his chest burning with full-fledged asthmatic panic, ran. And as he ran he thought to himself that this was not at all what he’d planned for his first heist, and pondered frantically whether it should be his last.

You Bastard!

“You sent that motherfucker after me? What the hell is wrong with you?!”
After narrowly escaping the bank – which was, after the save by Commander Bombastic, a crater in the middle of the city – Dr. Sock straggled home, bleeding and bruised, his sock cannon gone, only to discover that his ‘best friend' had somehow sent the hero to the bank to stop him.
Friendship isn’t worth so much these days, he thought.
Ed didn’t apologize, though he did shut off the stereo, clearly aware that Jeremy had no love of Edwin and Edwin. “You were gonna get arrested. I knew you would, I go to that bank all the time. I’ve seen how many guards they have on the average day.”
“And you didn’t warn me? What the hell, man!” Dr. Sock tore his hood off and brooded on the couch, once again plain old Jeremy. He shoved his puffer into his mouth and took a long drag. “I could’ve been killed!”
“Last I checked,” Ed said as he tore the top off a pudding cup, “I did warn you. But you were too busy rushing off into battle like an ass to listen to poor little Ed. So I did what I had to.”
Jeremy knocked the pudding away, splattering it across Ed’s shirt and the couch. “You had to rat me out to a superhero? What kind of a henchman are you?! I was this close to getting killed! This close! I should blow your brains out!”
“Shame you lost your gun.”
“Shame I…” Jeremy slouched back, collapsing against the couch. His chest hurt too much to rant.
Ed stood and, with his usual sarcastic calm, went to the kitchen to wash the pudding stains out of his shirt. That calm always infuriated Jeremy. It was tough to get under Ed’s skin. You had to do something really stupid. Like try to rob a bank in a costume made out of socks.
“So!” Ed said over the cascade of water. “What did we learn?”
Jeremy didn’t reply. He was busy half-heartedly removing the parts of his costume. The thing was stifling. His skin needed to breathe.
“Well,” continued Ed, “I’m hoping we learned not to try and rob banks. Not to run around the streets in cotton when we have asthma. Not to carry a sock-launching gun. Most important, I’m hoping we learned that being a supervillain is a lot less glamorous than it looks.”
“Only if you fuck up,” Jeremy mumbled into the body armour he was trying to slip over his head.
“And I guess you fucked up!” Ed returned to the couch, a fresh pudding in his hands. He paused to wipe a big dollop of smeared chocolate from the couch into his new cup before continuing. “Think about it, Jer. Most supervillains in the comics live in shitty warehouses or dumpy little apartments and spend their time bitterly scheming. Then they get the shit kicked out of them. That sounds like a crappy life to me.”
Jeremy scowled. It was true. The average supervillain, those not supplied with crazy amounts of cash, were angry, vengeful loners with unhealthy obsessions.
Jeremy wasn’t obsessed. Not really. He did have a crappy apartment, true, but his roomie disqualified him for loner status. But could he really help if his dad was too much of a skinflint to pay him a decent working wage? Was it his fault that his dad kept him from being a loner? No! Not at all.
For a second Jeremy toyed with the wordplay of ‘loner’ and ‘loaner’, as he had a credit card. But that seemed a rather stupid joke, given that he was pissed.
“You’re not a supervillain, Jer. You’re not even a villain. I’ve watched you escort little old ladies across the street from the window. If anything, you fall closer to heroes on the super powered spectrum… not that you have super powers.”
Jeremy grunted. “Fuck you. I’m… I’m evil.”
Ed laughed, spraying bits of pudding across their battered living room table. “You? Evil? Yeah, right. The worst thing you’ve ever done, besides break into that dump, was steal a chocolate bar from a grocery store when we were kids. And you almost got caught.”
“I robbed a bank.” Jeremy held up the five twenty dollar bills he’d managed to swipe while running from Commander Bombastic’s assault.
“Oh. Yeah, I guess that counts. Although, considering how much the materials for the sock gun cost… I’d say…” Ed snatched the bills from Jeremy’s fingers. “Yeah, you still owe me another hundred. For the second gun.”
Jeremy was too numb to fight back. “What second gun?”
“Always build a backup, Jer. There’s another sock cannon waiting in my room. I figured something like this might happen, so I scrounged together two.”
“Oh.” Jeremy shook his head. “I still don’t know why you sent that asshole after me. Or how I could hear you.”
“Both easy answers, my friend.” Rising, Ed grabbed Jeremy’s discarded body armour and twisted it around so Jeremy could get a look at the inside of the breastplate. Jeremy hadn’t noticed the flat, grey transmitter embedded inside it before. “There’s a speaker in here. I installed it so I could give you instructions if something went wrong. Again, ‘cause I figured you would fuck up.”
“How prophetic of you,” Jeremy spat. “And the commander? How the hell did you even reach him? You two pen pals or something?”
Ed laughed. “Not quite. He’s a superhero, Jer. His ego is massive. He has a webpage. You can send him messages. He got my tip about the bank and went flying in to ‘stop you’. Now I bet he’s on the run from the cops… which should be easy for a guy that can bounce around the city like a kangaroo on speed.”
Jeremy groaned again and rubbed his face. His friend had sold him out to a superhero. His plans to become a successful supervillain were in tatters. And he was late for work.
He was late for work.
“You should stop staring at the wall and get to work,” Ed commented.
“Oh shit, I’m late for work!” Springing to his feet, Jeremy ran for his room. The remnants of Dr. Sock, evil supervillain extraordinaire, fell about the apartment in a flurry of motion as Jeremy transformed into Clothing Store Man, the most boring hero… or villain… or whatever… ever conceived.
“Have fun, Dr. Sock,” Ed called as Jeremy sped out the door, reaching into his micro fridge for his third pudding.

Not Another Lecture

Jeremy’s day did not improve when he ran into the store a half hour late.
“Shifts are set according to a schedule for a reason, Jer.”
“I know. I’m sorry.”
“You’re supposed to be here on time.”
“I know! I’m sorry!”
“I called your cell phone three times. Where were you?”
“I know. I mean, I didn’t. I mean, I’m sorry. I mean, I slept in. I’m sorry!”
“This does not happen often, so you’re forgiven. This time. You will, of course, make up the extra half hour at the end of the day? Without extra pay? I’m docking you an hour.”
“I know. That sucks. I mean, um, I’m sorry.”
“Is this the gratitude I get for giving you free socks? You weren’t doing something perverse with them, were you? I’ve heard stories about tube socks, and-”
“I’m getting to work now, dad. There’s a customer coming in. I’d better get ready.”

Workin’ Hard, or… Hardly Workin’?

There was no customer. Jeremy’s father went into the back of the store, and Jeremy slumped over the front counter, watching the world beyond the window. Looking at the rest of the store would only depress him. He’d seen enough cardigans and dress pants and pashminas for one lifetime.
If he’d pulled off that bank heist he would have been set up for years. No more shifts in this shitty little store. No more wearing a stiff-collared dress shirt every day. No more following the commands of his father. Supervillainy was freedom, even when it meant imprisonment.
But that was only if the villain succeeded. And Jeremy had failed. No super powers, no money, no prestige. Dr. Sock was a joke. Was it really because Jeremy wasn’t evil?
Time passed. People came and went. Jeremy sold clothes. He thought about the future. It wasn’t a pleasant future, though it was well-dressed. Ugh.
Three hours after Jeremy first plunked himself behind the front desk, just as he was busy fitting size tags onto pairs of pants, two men sauntered into the store. Jeremy gave them a quick once-over. Normally he would offer them a perky greeting, but not today. He was too depressed.
“Where?” muttered the first man, a balding fellow with a beer belly and a pointed goatee.
“Behind the shoes,” the other replied. He looked like a reflection of the first man, though his goatee was more rounded and his head devoid of hair. “No one will hear us.” They disappeared into the store without a word, and Jeremy watched them go from the corner of his eye.
Huh. “No one will hear us.” Well, if that wasn’t gossip, then Jeremy wasn’t a failed supervillain. 
Slipping into the shoe section, Jeremy kicked his loafers off and grabbed a pair of slippers instead. They would keep him quiet. He slid across the polished floor to two racks away from the men, which, fortunately for Jeremy, was close enough to listen in on the conversation – but far enough away that he could skate back to the front desk, unnoticed, if they decided to move.
Jeremy caught the end of a word as he came into range of the chatting.
“…etmaster.”
“Yeah, the usual. Where?”
“You know. Warehouse.”
“Which one, dumbass? He’s got a lot.”
“By the docks. Has the mermaid on the front.”
“Right. I know it. How much?”
“’round two thousand pounds. Give or take.”
“Jesus. Okay. I’ll be there. Don’t want it all, though, just a slice. When?”
“Tonight. Ten. On the dot, or we’re outta there.”
“Right. Good stuff?”
“Always. Don’t question the man. Drugs are his business.”
“Yeah, yeah. Why the fuck are we meeting in here?”
“Just said, don’t question the man. We done?”
“Yeah. You go ahead. I’m gonna look for a sweater. I like this place.”
Knowing his time was up, Jeremy sped out of the aisles, nearly collided with a display full of underwear and managed, thanks to his slippers, to get back to the front before the first man emerged from the shoe section. Unfortunately Jeremy went too far, and the security tag in the slippers sounded the alarm.
Five minutes later the store was quiet again, both men were gone, and Jeremy’s father was chastising his son for his idiocy. Wearing slippers while on duty? What the hell was he thinking? He drove away perfectly good customers!
Jeremy listened to his father’s complaints with half an ear. The other half was busy conspiring with his brain, wondering what he should do with all those drugs. They should be his drugs. Villains dealt in drugs, didn’t they?

The Subsequent Conversation

Ed: “You crazy?”
Jer: “Respect, man! Need it.”
Ed: “Here’s the gun. Don’t get yourself killed.”
Jer: “Supervillains!
Ed: “Retard.”

First You Get The Drugs, Then You Get The Women, Then You Get The Socks

Jeremy couldn’t help himself. He needed to prove his worth in the supervillain community, despite the setbacks. He couldn’t let his new occupation go – hell, he’d only been Dr. Sock for one day. “Stick with the hard stuff,” his father had always said, “because the hard stuff is worth the end result.” Jeremy doubted his father had stealing a load of drugs and becoming a supervillain in mind, but it was still good advice.
What would he do with the drugs? That had been Ed’s major question, and Jeremy had to acknowledge it was a good one. He wasn’t a drug dealer. He’d only tried pot a few times in his life, each time wheezing as though he’d inhaled a cloud of dust. He somehow doubted the stuff coming through the warehouse was pot. Probably something harder. What would he do with two thousand pounds of… something?
“Stick with the hard stuff.” Okay, dad. Whatever you say. Hard drugs are probably worth more.
Who cares what you’ll do with them later, Jeremy admonished himself as he plodded through the cracked city boulevards with a pair of backpacks on his shoulders and a gym bag hanging at his side. Don’t worry about that now. You need to prove you’re evil. And what better way to do that than to stab other villains in the back? Maybe you can take control of their criminal enterprise or something.
The plan doesn’t sound too smart, his father’s voice said, ever an anthem for safe living. Jeremy shoved it back into his white space.
Something exploded in the distance, and another something whistled high into the air like a firecracker. Jeremy shuddered. This was no stupider than trying to take on a superhero. At least he could predict the effects of bullets.
It wasn’t difficult to find a warehouse with a mermaid on the front. It was a popular Urban City landmark, one usually used by kids who wanted to smoke up or conduct drug deals without getting caught. You could do that anywhere now, thanks to the chaos of super powers running around, but traditionalists still came to the mermaid’s den for illicit deals. 
Jeremy showed up half an hour shy of the meeting time, shortly after the sun had slid into bed for the evening, so he hid himself behind a heap of boxes and settled down, stripping and suiting up as his villainous alter ego.
If nothing else, this outfit’s great for cool nights. Dr. Sock pinched the fabric. I feel nice and toasty.
Dr. Sock waited. There wasn’t much to watch, besides the occasional plastic bag propelled by the wind, but the time flew by anyway. He was nervous. He didn’t know what to expect. He’d watched a lot of movies in his day, so… maybe he should use those as an example?
It was almost certain that they’d have guns in the warehouse. Dr. Sock had a gun. A cannon, even. But could he beat a bunch of thugs in a fight with socks? Should he, as Ed kept suggesting, practice before getting into the thick of the supervillain business? The bank heist earlier had shaken Dr. Sock’s confidence. He’d expected it to go swimmingly. Instead, he’d almost been killed by a rabid superhero.
Christ. Is Ed going to send another one? Jeremy sucked on his inhaler. He said he wouldn’t, he promised he wouldn’t, but… well, he had looked a little depressed. He’d saved me last time. Maybe he won’t bother this time. Maybe I should just-
A van pulled up to the warehouse, five minutes before ten. Dr. Sock flinched, but remained hidden. His fingers tensed around the stock of his sock cannon, carefully hidden underneath a bundle of old clothes he’d found in the trash. 
Five men got out of the car. In the splash of the headlights Dr. Sock recognized one of the men from the store, the one receiving the drugs. They looked around nervously, pulling out guns, before entering the warehouse through a small back door. Dr. Sock had, at least, predicted their path properly.
“Hey. Hey, Dr. Dumbass.”
Dr. Sock jumped. His chest was talking to him again. He fumbled with it, remaining as still as possible, trying to poke the transmitter out of existence. Had Ed betrayed him again?
“Just talk. I can hear you.”
Dr. Sock coughed. “Jesus, Ed. What the fuck do you want? I’m busy.”
“Yeah, I know. Sure you won’t back out on this thing?”
Dr. Sock wanted to say ‘No, I’m not sure, I’m coming home right now, make me some quesadillas,’ but he didn’t. He shook his head. Then, when he realized Ed couldn’t hear a head shake, he answered “Yes. I’m doing it. I have to.”
Ed was shrugging. Dr. Sock could hear the flap of his flabby arms over the speaker. “Suit yourself. Where’d you put the rent? The landlord was on my ass after you left.”
“Fuck off! And don’t contact me anymore! I need quiet!”
The speaker died. Dr. Sock was alone again. And now that the thugs were in the warehouse, their van abandoned, he was ready to move. He’d sweep out of the darkness, an avenging angel from Hell, and take their prize from right under their noses. How ironic.
…
Yep. He’d start sweeping any second now. Aaaaany second now, the carnage would begin.
Yep.
“Hey.”
Dr. Sock, glad for a chance to ignore his roiling fear, glared at his chest and scowled. “I told you not to call me!”
“Back here, genius.”
That wasn’t Ed’s voice. It was too deep, too manly. Fortunately, it also wasn’t Commander Bombastic’s – Dr. Sock would never forget his unholy pitch – but it did sound like someone who could, and would, beat the crap out of Dr. Sock. 
He could have contemplated the identity of the attacker until said attacker actually attacked, but Dr. Sock’s arms acted first, and with a shriek of terrified surprise he hauled his sock cannon backward. Fortunately for Dr. Sock, he hit the man square in the genitals. With a grunt the stranger bent double and staggered backward.
Still acting on impulse, Dr. Sock turned. The man was wearing a black suit, just like the rest. He was in on the deal. He had a hand in his pocket, and was probably carrying a handgun, and would use it as soon as he recovered from getting sacked. Dr. Sock couldn’t give him that chance.
Levelling the sock cannon, Dr. Sock fired. The first sock smacked off the man’s hand, and the hollow thud of a hard-hitting beanbag was closely tailed by the snap of bone. The second beanbag took the man in the chest, and he fell backward with a meaty thump. 
His gun did not go off. Dr. Sock, however, was thoroughly convinced that their tussle had sounded as loud as the clash of two titans on a stormy sea. 
Shit. Shit. “Shit.” What do I do now? Do I give up? Do I run? I should get the fuck out of here. I should run my ass off and ditch all this crap on the way back home. I should… I should… maybe I could get that pudding…
Dr. Sock looked at the fallen man. Asthma tingled.
I took him down. Like those two cops.
Goddamn, but that felt good.
The asthma went away. Dr. Sock felt manly. And he wanted to feel it again.
His veins pumping with adrenaline the likes of which he’d never felt before, Dr. Sock charged. He hopped over the soggy boxes of his hiding spot and, with a battle cry that sounded like the squeal of a dying pig, flung himself towards the warehouse door. Never mind that he was early for the meeting. Never mind that there might not even be drugs inside the warehouse. It had to be done now or he would wuss out.
The door crumpled under Dr. Sock’s shoulder, smacking hard against the wall. What he saw inside was typical of a drug meeting: five men, gathered under a circle of light in the middle of an abandoned warehouse, smoking and talking to each other, all carrying guns.
And then there was Dr. Sock, and they all looked at him, their faces slack with surprise.

Bad Idea

“Dr. Sock, motherfuckers!” the supervillain screamed, his voice raw, and he pulled the trigger on his sock cannon. One of the beanbags flew past its target and into the darkness, though the sound of impact was enough to send the men running for cover. Another beanbag, better aimed, caromed off an ankle. The thug fell, his gun sliding into the darkness.
Then came the bullets, and Dr. Sock, his body on autopilot, dived behind a stack of wooden pallets. Splinters flew as the thugs centred their fire on Dr. Sock’s position.
This is like paintball, he thought as he accidentally fired a sock into the roof of the warehouse. I always sucked at paintball.
Dr. Sock realized, as soon as he tried to lug his cannon around the side of the pallets, that he was at a huge disadvantage. Not only had most of the thugs seen where he’d gone, he couldn’t get a clear shot with the cannon without fully exposing himself. And soon-
A splinter whizzed through Dr. Sock’s hood, leaving a sizable hole. Yeah. Soon his cover would be chewed to pieces by gunfire. He only had one chance, and with the adrenaline rapidly leaving his body in light of the situation, Dr. Sock took that chance, wondering if he’d ever get into a fight with guns that lasted longer than a few seconds.
“Stop firing!” he yelled. “You don’t stand a chance! Dr. Sock is taking over your operation.”
The gunfire continued, so he yelled again, as loudly as he could. The shots trickled to a stop, and eventually the man from his father’s clothing store spoke up. “Who the fuck are you? Other than a soon-to-be-corpse?”
“I’m Dr. Sock!” the villain returned, infusing as much confidence into his voice as he could. The squeak of asthma behind the demands hurt his case. “You can’t stop me!”
Silence. Then disbelief. “Did you say Dr. Sock?”
“Yes!”
“Like, things you wear on your feet?”
Dr. Sock swallowed. “Yeah! It’s, um, meant to be ironic!”
“Yeah, sounds pretty damn ironic, I’d say!” added one of the other men. “You’re a damn iron, you are!”
“Louie, you’re thinking moron,” the obvious leader said. “Irony is different. Shut your trap.” They all shared a laugh, including Dr. Sock. “You onea those damn superheroes, doc?”
“No!” Dr. Sock countered, full of pride. “I’m a supervillain! I’m here to take over your organization! Consider this a coup!”
The laughter increased, shutting out Dr. Sock. He winced.
“You must be fuckin’ crazy. Now, you’re in the way of an important deal, doc, so in a couple seconds we’re gonna…” A chiming ringtone, a peppy rock ballad, interrupted the man. “Wait. Hold on. Gotta take this. Shut the fuck up, Reg, it’s a good song.”
They waited as the man chatted on his phone. His tone rose and fell, first in anger, then in resignation. Dr. Sock wished he could use his stethoscope to listen in, but it was made of plastic.
“Fuck.” The leader clapped his phone shut. “Okay! Deal’s off. Doc, it’s been a pleasure, but we’re gonna go. You stay right where you are. If you poke your polyester ass so much as a millimetre out into the open while we leave, I’ll put a bullet between your eyes and a dozen more in your testicles. Capiche?”
“But!” Dr. Sock whined, his plan falling apart. “I just got here! You’re gonna be my henchmen! Where are the fucking drugs?!”
“Not here. They never will be. Let’s go, guys. Abe, grab Enzo, his leg’s a mess.”
Dr. Sock peeked around the side of his cover for a look. A bullet whizzed over his head. He slunk back into hiding, heart racing. The thugs retreated, most of them mocking him on their way out through the garage doors at the front of the warehouse.
Eventually, Dr. Sock was alone. And when the last set of hurried footsteps echoed out of the reach of his ears, he fired his sock cannon at the walls in frustration until his sock belt ran dry. Then he fell down on his knees and swore as shreds of cotton rained down around him.

A Friendly Letter

That night, shortly after he returned to his apartment, Dr. Sock received an email.
He’d had emails before. Jeremy signed up for a lot of daily mailing lists. Horoscopes. Quotations. Inspirational stories. Pictures of pugs. He seldom got directed emails, however, and this one was very direct indeed:

Dr. Sock,

You have disrupted one of my drug deals. I do not like this. In fact, it pisses me off. 
Your name is Jeremy Jeremiah, and you live at 129 Baker Rd., apartment 211. You have a roommate named Ed. You work at Fine Fashion Clothiers. The store is run by your father. Your mother is alive and well, and you have two sisters, Clarice and Annette. They all live at your father’s house at 339 Global Crescent, in the suburbs. 
Your parents have a dog named Mittens. He is a lhasa apso. I applaud this choice of breed, though not the name. It is terribly generic. It is also the kind of name you’d give to a cat. I suggest you convince your parents to rename Mittens.
 Tomorrow night at 10 p.m. you will meet me at the same warehouse where my drug deal went bad. If you do not, I will choke Mittens to death while your family watches. Then I will burn their house down and feed them the ashes. It’s a big house, so there will be plenty to go around. Om nom nom.
Don’t be late.

The Puppetmaster

Dr. Sock’s heart soared when he read the words ‘Dr. Sock’. It sank immediately when he read ‘it pisses me off’. It turned into arctic chill when he read about his family. It threatened to thaw when reading about Mittens. And, last, it almost exploded when he read about the death of Mittens, and the fact that he would have to meet someone called ‘The Puppetmaster’.
“Sounds like another supervillain,” Dr. Sock muttered. His mouse cursor trembled on the screen as his hand jittered. A puff from his inhaler steadied his fingers, but not for long. Possibly toxic goo, a botched bank robbery, a drug-less drug bust, and now this. Dr. Sock was in way over his head. What was he supposed to do?

Are We On A Break?

When presented with the email, Ed didn’t prove very helpful.
“Meh, just some asshole.” He veered a star fighter through a field of rough polygonal asteroids, scowling at his sore wrists but continuing to play. “Ignore him. You don’t like your family that much anyway.”
“I don’t want them dead!” 
“Well, maybe you shouldn’t have interrupted up a drug deal. Gangsters aren’t really known for their forgiving nature. Especially this Puppetmaster guy.”
Dr. Sock’s head snapped up. “Wait. You don’t know him, do you?”
“I’ll tell you something if you take that outfit off. Moderately cool clothing or not, it’s tough to talk to a giant, pathetic sock.”
Snorting, Dr. Sock ran back to his room and yanked his hood away from his face. A few minutes later Jeremy returned, half naked and shaking with anticipation and fear.
“Better. Yeah, I’ve heard of him before. He’s pretty big time. One of the only supervillains in town with any success, mainly ‘cause he doesn’t go crazy like the rest of ‘em.”
“Wait.” Jeremy forcibly paused Ed’s game and set the controller down. “He’s a supervillain? Costume and all?”
“Will you stop messing with what I’m doing? Just ‘cause you wanted to throw away your life doesn’t mean you have to consistently interrupt mine.”
“Ed! Please!”
Ed paused. It wasn’t often that Jeremy said ‘please’ for anything. Glancing at his controller, he sighed. “Okay. Fine. Yes, he’s a supervillain. What do you expect from somebody with a name like that? And I have no idea if he has a costume. Nobody’s ever seen the guy.”
“Tell me everything.” Jeremy sat, half afraid of what he was going to hear.
And with good reason. From what Ed had learned in his many journeys to the dark corners of the Internet, The Puppetmaster had his hands in many legal and illegal operations around Urban City. He’d set down roots when the superheroes and villains first showed up, taking advantage of the chaos, and had neatly spread his tendrils into businesses, banking, politics, policing and, of course, the drug trade. He more or less ran the city – and used his influence to keep his name out of the news.
“So… this guy is the head honcho.”
“From what I’ve heard, yeah.”
“And he’s big into drugs.”
“Right on two.”
Jeremy’s head drooped. “Ed.”
“Yeah?”
“Why the fuck didn’t you tell me this before I ran off to mug some drug dealers?”
Ed considered the question for a moment. “Would it have made much of a difference if I had?”
Jeremy waved the letter in Ed’s face.
“True. I guess the average drug runner doesn’t have the resources to ID a dude within a few hours. Wonder how The Puppetmaster did that.”
Jeremy trembled. Ed had no idea how much he’d fouled up. Sure, Jeremy hadn’t been thinking straight when he charged into a nest of gun-toting gangsters, but even in his funk he wouldn’t have been so stupid had he known all the facts. It didn’t matter how The Puppetmaster had discovered Jeremy’s identity. All that mattered is that Jeremy was, now, quite royally fucked. And it was Ed’s fault.
“Ed.”
“Yeah?”
“Get out.”
“Huh?”
“You heard me. Out.”
Ed cocked an eyebrow. “I don’t think I’m getting you. You wanna be alone for a bit?”
“No.” Jeremy rose. He wanted to sweep his arms out in a grand gesture of rage, but the Dr. Sock routine seemed too silly. “I don’t want to look at you anymore. You fucked up. I want you out of the apartment. Now. Take your fucking… music…” He picked up the stereo, ripped it from the wall and tossed it at Ed’s feet, “and find somewhere else to live.”
Jeremy expected Ed to fly into a fury. He kept his eyebrow cocked, however, as apathetic as ever. “I see. Because you went off to fight some drug dealers, I’m getting kicked out. That makes perfect sense, Jer. Perfect.”
Circling the couch, Jeremy tried to maintain an even tone. “My family’s in danger. You being here doesn’t do me any good in this situation. Hell, if you’d given the right advice like I’d expected, I wouldn’t be in this position. Henchmen give their bosses all the info, and you didn’t. So I want you out. You’re fired.”
“Fired? I didn’t know you were paying me, Jer.” Ed stood, stretched and turned his game off, yawning. “I’m tired. I’ll move out tomorrow, if you really want me gone. I don’t have time to move all my stuff right now.”
“Fine. Whatever.”
Ed swept towards his room and stepped inside. Before he closed the door, however, he turned to Jeremy.
“I should probably be pissed, but I have places to go. So this is no biggie. I’ve been watching you come close to self-destruction for over a week now, and if you really wanna get yourself killed, then far be it from me to stop you. You’re pretty much lost your mind with this supervillain shit anyway.”
“Go away. Leave me alone.” Jeremy collapsed on the couch.
“One moment. One last thing. You said I’ve given you bad advice?”
Jeremy pinched the bridge of his nose. He had a headache.
“That’s wrong. I’ve given you great advice. I told you to give up on this crap days ago. And when you persisted, I not only gave you equipment to help you protect yourself, but I supplied reasonable suggestions on how to use said equipment. I told you to take things slow. I also didn’t give retarded advice based on my thorough knowledge of comics, which, I’m sure, you’d been hoping for all along.”
“Good night, Ed.”
“Knowing shit about comics won’t help you here, Jer. They’re fake, and just because you call yourself a supervillain-“
“Fuck off, Ed.”
Stopping midsentence, Ed clamped his mouth, shrugged and shut the door. Jeremy’s only companion in the living room was the blue glare of a television receiving no signal. 
“Edwin and Edwin suck ass! I hope you know that!” he yelled.
Ed didn’t respond.
Eventually, feeling the full weight of the day’s events on his brain, Jeremy staggered into his bedroom and slept. He dreamed of men in pinstriped suits, held high on puppet strings, rearranging his furniture. 
When he woke up the next day, Ed was gone. The only things he’d left behind were his half of the month’s rent, another wad of change for the next month, and three garbage bags filled with empty pizza boxes and pop cans. Jeremy couldn’t imagine how his portly ex-friend had managed the feat in one morning – though in a final act of revenge Ed had installed a lock on his bedroom door.
“Meh,” Jeremy mumbled, tugging on the lock. “Most of his shit must still be in there. Lazy bastard.” Jeremy didn’t really care. Ed’s stuff could linger in storage for a lifetime, for all Jeremy cared.

Father Knows Best

Though he was late for his shift Jeremy didn’t hurry to get dressed, and when he stumbled into work an hour past his starting time he received a brutal lecture from his father.
“What did we talk about yesterday?”
“Dunno.”
“Shifts, Jeremy. Schedules. Times. You had to open. You didn’t. Where were you?”
“Busy.”
“That’s no excuse. That’s no excuse. You need to take control of your life, Jeremy, if you’re going to run this store some day. You’re not a wheezy little boy anymore. Do you understand? I can’t tolerate this kind of crap from my employees.”
“Got it.”
“I don’t think you do, son, but you will. You’ll be working the entire day, and you won’t receive a damn penny of your pay. I know that’s not normally legal, but we live in strange times, and I need to make you tough if you’re to survive ‘em. Understand?”
Jeremy wondered if he should skip town and leave his father to his fate. That would mean similarly condemning his mother and sisters to the hands of The Puppetmaster, however, and judging by the email he’d received Jeremy wasn’t ready to be so uncharitable.
Few customers came in to shop. Jeremy was moderately glad of this at first, as it meant he wouldn’t hear any more crazy rumours, but relief turned to malaise as the next eight hours slid by like a snail on glue. All Jeremy could do was contemplate his imminent demise at the hands of The Puppetmaster. He couldn’t even go to the police, for if Ed was right they were in his pocket anyway. And Ed generally wasn’t wrong. And if he was, well, would Jeremy be fast enough to save his family? Could he take the risk?
Ed might have known what to do in this situation. But Jeremy had fired his roommate, and had no idea where he was. Probably at his mom’s house. Why wasn’t Ed worried about getting killed by The Puppetmaster if Jeremy chickened out? Probably because he knew that Jeremy would go to save his family.
What a mess.
As Jeremy was slinking out of the store at the end of his shift, his father caught him by the shoulder. “Jer.”
Son looked back at father. “What?”
“I’ve been watching you. What’s the matter? You look as though the Lord has Judgment Day planned for later tonight.”
Jeremy hesitated. He wanted to tell his father everything. But there are some things even fathers can’t fix, and even if this one could remedy Jeremy’s problem, he would never find out. It was partially daddy’s fault that all this had happened.
Jesus, thought Jeremy. I just wanted to be an artist. Now I’m gonna die a failed supervillain and the son of a clothier. Just because you frustrated the shit out of me, old man.
“Nothing. My fish died.” Jeremy left. He had no fish. Not that his father would have known.

More Bad Ideas

The moment Dr. Sock got within sight of the warehouse, carefully brandishing his sock cannon and checking every corner of every street he passed, he was ambushed from behind. This time the thug, whomever it was, decided to knock him out. Dr. Sock wondered in his last moments of waking thought whether it was the goon he’d hit the previous night. His only real victory so far.
When he woke up minutes later, Dr. Sock was tied to a chair. He had a bucket on his head, and its watery contents were dribbling into his clothes. It seemed an oddly pedestrian measure for a supervillain. Maybe The Puppetmaster was a minimalist.
“No, no, for christ’s sake, Louie. You tip the chair over and shove his head in the bucket. You don’t bring the bucket to him. The way you did it, he doesn’t drown. Understand?”
“I guess. Is this ironic?”
“No!”
Dr. Sock recognized the voices even though the bucket on his head obscured his vision. At least two of the guys from last time were here, and now the man Dr. Sock had first seen in Jeremy’s clothing store was knocking on his bucket with something metal.
“Hey! Mr. Sock! Wakey wakey!”
Jeremy groaned. “Unh… doctor….” He coughed, emptying his lungs.
“Whatever. Hey. Remember me? Name’s Bruce. You fucked up my deal. Happy for me, we patched things up – and the big man threw in a bonus. We get to tear into you! Sound like fun?”
“P… peachy…”
Another hard knock. Jeremy’s head ached. “Yeah, I bet it is. First thing, though – you get to have some private time with the big man himself. I kinda envy you. Nobody sees him, normally.”
How lucky for Dr. Sock. At least he’d get a look at a successful supervillain before he died. Somebody who’d actually made something of the name. 
Bruce kicked Dr. Sock’s chair backward, and the bucket clattered off his head as he rebounded off the concrete. The glare of a single light forced a blink. Yep, this was the warehouse.
Bruce stood over Dr. Sock, glowering and stroking his goatee. “You’re just some punkass kid, I can tell. Voice is squeaky as hell. Probably covered in pimples ‘n never so much as touched a girl. Shame you decided to be so fucking stupid.”
Shame you don’t actually know, Bruce. Dr. Sock supposed The Puppetmaster had ordered them to keep his face covered. At least his secret only belonged to two people… okay, three… maybe more, if The Puppetmaster had other, trusted associates… Dr. Sock’s bud of confidence waned, and he decided to think about something else.
“We get to beat on him now?” asked the dull-voiced Louie.
“Naw,” replied an exasperated Bruce, the toe of his shoe resting lightly against Dr. Sock’s ear. “Mr. P wants him mostly untouched. Mostly. Once he shows up-“

The Man With The Plan

“I’ll be taking over. That’s what you were going to say, yes?”
Surprised, Bruce booted Dr. Sock’s head as he stepped away. Dr. Sock couldn’t tell what was happening around him, his eyes still squinting away from the light above and his head exploding in pain, but he could faintly discern the soft tread of boots making their way across chilled concrete.
Bruce stammered. “Oh! Oh. Oh shit. Uh, sorry, Mr. P, I didn’t-“
“No. I suppose you didn’t. Step aside.”
Dr. Sock peered at the people around him, trying to concentrate on the man who must be The Puppetmaster. His voice was raspy and hissing, as though he was speaking through a gas mask - which, Dr. Sock eventually noticed, he was, a gas mask surrounded by black, draping cloth that hid his identity. The tip of The Puppetmaster’s cane, the head of a badger, leered at Dr. Sock.
Well. At least I know it’s a man, Dr. Sock thought. Bah, his cloak and hood and cane and stuff look so much cooler than mine. No wonder I suck at this supervillain thing, I’m walking around with an outfit made out of socks. Maybe I should have considered vinyl-
The Puppetmaster tapped his cane on the ground three times, each tap coming closer and closer to Dr. Sock’s head. The warehouse itself went silent, the overhead pumps and deep machinery seeming to cower at The Puppetmaster’s prestige.
“Leave us,” he said, not bothering to look to his subordinates. “Anyone caught listening in will be killed.”
Bowing, Bruce and his cronies loped out of the warehouse. Dr. Sock caught a brief glimpse of a man in a white suit through the open door before it clicked shut. He shivered, wondering if this was, indeed, the end of his life, and if that was the mortician who would prepare his body.
The Puppetmaster did not speak. Instead he paced around Dr. Sock’s fallen chair, the pad of his elegant Italian loafers a steady drumbeat in Dr. Sock’s ears. He didn’t dare try to follow The Puppetmaster’s path, wondering if the crime lord would leap upon his victim like the beast on his cane if Dr. Sock made the slightest wrong move.
After three long minutes – Dr. Sock counted each agonizing second, one Mississippi, two Mississippi, three – The Puppetmaster stopped. He placed the tip of his cane against Dr. Sock’s sweaty temple, and the doctor wondered if his head was about to be used as a golf ball.
“All of those men out there,” The Puppetmaster began, “are employed by me in one way or another. A driver ferries me from place to place. An escort keeps me company when I’m not otherwise occupied. My bodyguards remain with me at all times, as does a team of snipers and assassins. Even Bruce and his drug flunkies are, in a way, part of my team. As you’ve seen. I control the product, and so I control them.”
Dr. Sock wasn’t sure if he should comment on this, so he said nothing. He concentrated on the growing pool of sweat at the bottom of his hood.
“Very good.” The Puppetmaster twisted his cane against Dr. Sock’s temple. “Speak only when asked a question. Very good indeed. To my point: all of those men out there are paid, and paid very well. My escort alone receives over a thousand dollars a day, usually to lounge in my quarters and eat nectarines. Do you understand what this all means, Mr. Jeremiah?”
Dr. Sock didn’t. Again, he said nothing.
The Puppetmaster shook his head and jammed his cane hard into Dr. Sock’s brow. “Speak only when asked a question, I said, dog. That was a question.”
His vision starry, Dr. Sock mumbled a response. “I… I… I don’t… don’t… please… don’t…”
“Of course you don’t know,” The Puppetmaster cut in, his raspy voice imperious. “So I’ll tell you. It means that I have spent thousands of dollars orchestrating this little get-together solely for the purpose of having you at my feet. Which would perhaps infer that I take my business very seriously…”
He knelt down, his cape pooling around him, his breath mask blowing cold air against Dr. Sock’s hot skin. “… and that I do not appreciate outsiders fucking with my timetable. Is that fair, doctor?”
Dr. Sock’s eyes twitched, threatening to roll back in his head. Fainting was a real possibility, though the fear of what might happen if he did faint kept Dr. Sock awake. He nodded, the motion a spasmodic twitch.
“Excellent. You have some sense.” The Puppetmaster stood and resumed pacing. “I will assume, then, that you were simply unaware of my hand in the drug deal. I had suspected as much. A lowly thug like you would not have the balls to mess with me otherwise.”
Dr. Sock nodded again. The Puppetmaster reared forward and kicked him in the forehead. His head slammed backward against the chair, and Dr. Sock screamed.
“Nodding is a form of communication,” The Puppetmaster hissed. “I don’t care if you agree that you’re a fucking idiot. I implied, heavily, that I wanted silence. You will give me that silence, or you will die now.”
Dr. Sock whimpered. The Puppetmaster kicked again. Dr. Sock bit his tongue, forcing quiet. His throat was sore from screaming so shrilly, and amorphous blobs of neon light danced a jig on his irises.
“You are on thin ice, little one.” The Puppetmaster leaned on the same stack of chewed-up skids Dr. Sock had hidden behind the night before. “Very thin ice. You do, however, have one advantage.”
He waited for a response. When Dr. Sock didn’t reply, The Puppetmaster clapped his hands. “Proof that dogs really can learn. As I said, one advantage: you've decided to get into the field of villainy. I can appreciate that kind of career move.”
Dr. Sock blinked, trying to chase the shining blobs out of existence. The Puppetmaster could appreciate another villain? Even one as inept as Dr. Sock? That seemed absurd, especially given that Dr. Sock had attacked The Puppetmaster’s men.
“As soon as you hit that bank yesterday, I had my men monitoring you. I know all too well that you’ve only just entered the field, and I know that your attack on my drug shipment was born of desperation to increase your, ah, ‘street cred’. Whatever you want to call it.” 
But that, Dr. Sock immediately concluded, opened up too many questions. If The Puppetmaster’s men were monitoring him, why hadn’t they stopped him from busting up their master’s drug deal? Or had one tried, only to get walloped by a shot from Dr. Sock’s cannon behind a pile of old boxes? And if he had been monitoring Dr. Sock, why stupidly reveal himself?
“There are too many supervillains running loose in this city, Dr. Sock. We don’t need another that’s going to fail, especially not one with such… potential.” The Puppetmaster reached into the shadows, retrieving Dr. Sock’s lost cannon. It dangled from his finger, its sock belt removed. “And yes, I know you didn’t make this. It was your friend Ed.”
Potential. Where was this going? Dr. Sock’s heart leaped back to life, pushing aside the metaphorical gravestone with his name engraved on the front. Was there some hope yet? Did The Puppetmaster want to…?
“You have two choices, sockling. Either you die, now, horribly… or you submit to me. Become a villain under my wing, one that I can mould into a proper criminal. As you’ve probably guessed, this choice isn’t much of a choice at all, so just nod.”
His eyes bulging, searching frantically for the cowled supervillain somewhere nearby, Dr. Sock nodded. It wasn’t quite the same as his original dream, but if it meant survival, it would do. And, hell, The Puppetmaster could probably show Dr. Sock how to be an actual villain rather than a screw up.
The Puppetmaster tapped the concrete with his cane. “As expected. You may now ask questions. Make sure they’re important.”
Questions. Important questions. Yes, that was the key. Important questions. Make sure they don’t piss him off, Jeremy. Don’t tease your executioner.
“What will happen to my family?”
The Puppetmaster cocked his head. “What about them? They’re nothing. A way to get you here so I could smack you around. Now that that’s done, I’m content to leave your family alone.”
Dr. Sock sagged. His primary motivation in coming this night was to keep his parents from suffering a lifetime of grief. He’d even saved his inappropriately named dog, and all it had taken was a bucket and a few kicks to the head.
Okay. More questions. Um… well, that sounds like something he’d like. I’ll try it. “Okay… uh… why?”
This time, unfortunately, The Puppetmaster sighed. “Because I feel like it. If I feel like killing you tomorrow, I will do so. You don’t question my motives or methods, scum. Because you have, you’ve forfeited any right to ask further questions. Consider that your first lesson.”
The Puppetmaster turned to leave, and for one frantic moment Dr. Sock wondered if he’d changed his mind. Fortunately, the villain stopped before opening the back door. “My men will free you momentarily. First, however, I owe Bruce a beating.”
And as Dr. Sock’s glee at having his life spared mixed equally at the horror of being kicked and punched and tortured by a handful of burly thugs, The Puppetmaster opened the door and motioned for his associates to come back inside.

Stop Asking Questions

Many vicious blows and a period of happy unconsciousness later, Dr. Sock was hurled into the back of a small, unremarkable four-door car with tinted windows. It looked only slightly larger than normal on the outside, though the inside was spacious enough for a large gap between two sections of seats.
On one set of seats was a prostitute dressed in fishnet stockings and a low-cut top. She barely acknowledged Dr. Sock’s arrival, concentrating on a newspaper. She was reading the sports section. Dr. Sock wondered if all prostitutes read the sports section. 
The Puppetmaster came next, sitting beside her. He nudged Dr. Sock’s prone body with his cane, pointing towards the opposite bank of seats. As the car rumbled to life and the driver pulled away from the warehouses, Dr. Sock crawled onto the seats and panted.
“Sit up,” The Puppetmaster commanded. “I’m used to blood in my cars, but I’d rather not spread it around too much.”
Dr. Sock struggled to obey, heaving his useless limbs into action. He wondered how many bones Bruce and his cronies had broken, perhaps spurred on by the rage that The Puppetmaster wanted his new toy alive. Or would ‘puppet’ be a more appropriate name?
Agh. At least I had armour on. They might've killed me otherwise.
The Puppetmaster motioned to his escort. “Say hello, Talia.”
Talia pushed aside a curled lock of black hair and regarded Dr. Sock contemptuously. “How long before you gut him?”
Dr. Sock cringed, not for himself but for Talia, expecting swift retribution from the master for not following orders. The Puppetmaster, however, surprised him. “We’ll see. He’s better at listening to me than you are, at least.”
Talia smiled, bent in close and kissed The Puppetmaster’s mask. “Maybe, but I bet he’s not as good in the sack as me.”
“That’s granted.”
Laughing and patting The Puppetmaster’s shoulder as if he was an old school chum, Talia turned back to her newspaper. She opened the window and tossed the sports section into the streets, opting instead to check the latest financial trends.
“Talia’s a business major who lost her job over a year ago,” The Puppetmaster explained. “Though I said she sits around all day and eats, she actually offers a great deal of sound economic advice. Along with the usual services of a prostitute.”
“Which reminds me,” Talia interjected, slapping the newspaper on her knee. “Remember that software company I suggested the other day?”
“I do.”
“Skip it. That big project was a bust. Had one of your guys look into it. Just a lot of talk. Buy the competitor and bury ‘em.”
“Very well. You have my sanction. See to the details.” The Puppetmaster chortled as Talia pulled a wireless tablet from a compartment behind her legs. “The man who decided on female inferiority was, himself, quite the fool.”
“That would be God,” Talia replied, her tongue curling over her lip in concentration.
“The Christian god. Not mine. I only believe in one god.”
“Yourself.”
“You see why she’s my top girl.” The Puppetmaster looked at Dr. Sock, spreading his hands. “Anyway. To business! My course on villainy has officially begun. You are free to address me and ask me questions at any time, Dr. Sock, with one important caveat: they must be intelligent. Despite what your college teachers may have taught you, there are many stupid questions.”
Back to this again. His head aching, Dr. Sock scoured his brain for something of worth to say to his unexpected tutor. With the bug eyes of The Puppetmaster’s mask peeking into his soul, however, Dr. Sock consistently came up short. “Uh… where are we going?”
The Puppetmaster lashed out with his cane. Dr. Sock’s nose snapped and he fell back against the seat, weeping beneath his goggles and holding his bloody nostrils.
What The Puppetmaster said next, however, was not what Dr. Sock would have expected. “No! That is unspecific! Are you asking where we’re physically moving? Where our relationship is going? Where we are going in life? First lesson! If you are to be a villain, you must be specific! I will not tolerate the generic from one of my students!”
Dr. Sock slumped. The Puppetmaster struck him again, jabbing his knee. Dr. Sock leaped up and sat straight, every ounce of willpower directed towards maintaining a proper posture while he sobbed. 
The Puppetmaster nodded approval. “Good. Better. Now ask that question again, but make it more specific. And stop crying. I can see tear stains on your goggles.”
Dr. Sock shuddered. He half wanted The Puppetmaster to pull out a gun and shoot him in the face, as this new relationship promised only pain. But Dr. Sock didn’t know if death would bring The Puppetmaster’s vengeful attention back to the people surrounding Dr. Sock’s secret identity, and if he’d wanted his father, mother or sisters dead Dr. Sock would have skipped town rather than go to the warehouse.
Maybe for Ed, too. Maybe.
“Where… wh… where in the city are you taking me?”
The Puppetmaster visibly relaxed, letting his cane slide against his thigh. “An improvement. We’re going to one of my bases. Specifically, the base with medical facilities. I’ll get you fixed up, don’t worry.”
It seemed a rather horrifying contradiction, to beat a man and then heal him. But with every inch of his body either bloody or bruised, Dr. Sock couldn’t complain. He nodded, and when his chin dipped exhaustion flooded his body. The lights went out, and consciousness faded under the pressure of pain as The Puppetmaster asked his prostitute about the evening’s baseball game.

Ponder In The Wild Blue Yonder

As his mind floated away from the agony and out into the sea of dreams, Jeremy reflected on his motivations. Ed had asked him why he’d become a supervillain. The answer now seemed terrifyingly petty: to have a life beyond that of the son of a clothier. Perhaps even to get revenge on said clothier for teaching his son how to make and sell clothes.
How? By robbing everyone else. Yes, that made perfect sense.
Jeremy dreamily pondered why he’d really become a supervillain. He wondered if there was something more to his ambition. Before he could concoct a satisfactory answer, however, he woke up.

Finally, A Hospital

A nurse stood over him. For a fleeting second Dr. Sock thought it might be a ravishing female nurse, but he blinked in disappointment when he noticed a sagging belly and the beginnings of a five o’clock shadow.
Dr. Sock grunted. He rubbed his face with aching fingers and discovered his own shadow, one rapidly approaching midnight. He’d have to shave once he got his bearings, beyond knowing that he was in a sterile medical room.
The nurse returned the grunt. Not the best bedside manner. “Up, eh? Good. Means I can stop doin’ double shifts watchin’ your ass. You broke a couple bones and your nose is gonna be bent for life, but you’ll live. Take one o’ those pills on your nightstand if you feel any pain.”
He turned to leave. Dr. Sock called him back. “Wh… what if I need anything? I’ve got a cast…”
The nurse shrugged. “There’s a knife on the table, too. Use it to cut the cast off. Your leg’s fine. Just had to keep it straight.”
“Nothing’s broken?”
“Meh.”
Guess that’s a no? “But you’re a, a, aren’t you a nurse?”
“Yeah. I’m not your mother, fucker. I got better things to do.” The nurse left.
Dr. Sock fell back on his bed. His back ached, and he wondered how long he’d been asleep. He felt grungy, despite the fact that his costume was piled haphazardly on a chair in the corner.
Oh. No costume. Jeremy felt grungy, in that case. 
Whomever he was, the broken creature that was The Puppetmaster’s student didn’t have much time to stutter a complaint before a television embedded in one of the walls blared to life, a sharply operatic theme song assaulting Jeremy’s ears. He looped a pillow around his head to stop the sudden headache from swelling.
“Greetings, my pupil!” a joyously synthetic voice cried, and Jeremy spotted the flickering image of The Puppetmaster on the television. The vile master of crime in Urban City was waving at him. “It’s good to see you up after so long. I’ve been anxious to get started. Did you like my theme music? I had it commissioned a month ago. It plays whenever somebody enters one of my buildings. I think it’s appropriately sinister, though a tad heavy on the brass.”
Jeremy blinked. He felt naked without his costume. Or without any other clothes, since he was, he discovered, nude under his sheets. Listening to The Puppetmaster gab about his theme song while the cold wind of an industrial complex chilled his bares bones turned the already surreal situation into something downright bizarre.
“Enough about me, though. How was Julian? Did he take good care of you? Be honest.”
The nurse? Jeremy grimaced. Would The Puppetmaster get mad? Better to go with first instinct. That included telling the truth. “Ah, well, I feel stiff. But okay. I think I’ll be fine. He was a jerk, though.”
“Oh?”
“Yeah. He, um, just kinda left after I woke up.”
“Understood. He did as I asked. He’s a fine nurse, that Julian. It will be a shame to have him killed.”
Jeremy’s spine tingled. He’d almost forgotten that he’d awoken in a nest of vipers, though he had remembered to mind his manners. “Um, pardon me for asking, but, ah, why does he have to be killed?”
The Puppetmaster wavered silently on the screen. Was he contemplating punishment for a stupid question? But, no, eventually he just shrugged. “He’s seen your face. He’s had your blood on his hands. He could ID you in a line up. Thus, he needs to die. And he… hold on…”
The Puppetmaster looked off screen at something, one finger poised over what Jeremy assumed to be a button. Then, letting out a gleeful cry, he stabbed his finger down. Jeremy heard a tiny scream over the television, though The Puppetmaster’s laughter eclipsed the lingering howl that carried on for long moments after.
“Ah, what fun. I love trap doors. I abhor the stereotypical supervillain crap, but every now and then you have to indulge yourself. Right, Dr. Sock?”
Still shivering, Dr. Sock nodded. He tried to look as confident as possible, but he knew that as soon as The Puppetmaster blipped off the screen, he would be vomiting in the trashcan by his bed.

You Are Scum, They Are Rich

The Puppetmaster lived in a skyscraper in city central that, on the outside, was called The InfoCorp Building. Jeremy had seen his headquarters almost every day of his life, looking at it as little more than a detail on the horizon. He’d never even paused to consider its occupants. How long had The Puppetmaster lived in this Urban City spire, only to crawl out of the woodwork like some hideous, well-connected cockroach in the last few months?
And he was well connected. As Talia took the hobbling, freshly-laundered Dr. Sock on a tour of select parts of the facility, he recognized way too many familiar faces lounging in opulence. The mayor. The deputy mayor. The chief of police. The fire marshal. Five politicians, two of them potential candidates for the upcoming national elections. Musicians. Comedians. Movie stars. Anybody who was anybody… in a tower that was over sixty floors tall. Who knew how many luminaries passed through The InfoCorp building on an average day?
None of them gave Dr. Sock a second look. None of them, when he drew near, sounded as though they were discussing anything even remotely villainous. Most were laughing and enjoying the well-appointed bars and lounges throughout The Puppetmaster’s headquarters.
Talia had an answer. “They don’t know they’re in his pocket. They have no idea he’s so big. He’s fooled most of them into thinking they’re the host at this perpetual party. This building is the centre of life for more than just this city… though you don’t need to worry about most of that.”
“I don’t?”
“No. You think he’d let you rub noses with the elite and risk screwing everything up? Not fucking likely. You’re just up here so you know to turn around if you ever get lost and find yourself looking at successful people.”

The Depths

Rather than lingering in the mirrored tower that almost outstripped every other building nearby in height, Dr. Sock was led via elevator into the depths. The posh atmosphere lifted away, replaced by tech centres filled with mysterious gadgetry and seedy gambling dens populated by criminals, both unmistakable and undetectable. The building stretched so far beneath the streets that Dr. Sock had difficulty keeping track of where Talia was leading him, and so the supply of cronies seemed never-ending.
“How many people work for The Puppetmaster?” he asked.
She glared at Dr. Sock. “Why, thinking of taking over?”
“No! No, I, ah… there’s just a lot of people.” That was an understatement. Most corporations didn’t have as many employees as The Puppetmaster.
“Running a city requires a lot of manpower. What do you expect, a five man team and one of those dipping birds near a button?”
“Er… sorry, I guess I didn’t think…”
“Yeah. I’ve noticed that about you. Shut up and keep walking. Why the hell are you limping? You’re slowing me down.”
“I cut myself getting out of the cast.”
“Wow, you really are useless.”
It was like talking to Ed again.
Talia led Dr. Sock into a black room the size of a baseball field. Painted targets riddled with bullet holes covered the far walls, and lines on the floors indicated places to stand. 
A shooting range. Dr. Sock scanned the area, his nerves prickling. If he’d learned anything about The Puppetmaster by now, it was his love of the unpredictable. God only knew what he had planned for Dr. Sock. 
Talia must have sensed this, as she flicked Dr. Sock’s crooked nose. “Calm down, he doesn’t want you shot. This is for testing your new equipment.”
Dr. Sock blinked. “New equipment?”
“New equipment. If you’re going to work for The Puppetmaster, you can’t be running around with a sock suit. Why did you do that in the first place?”
“Well, my roomie-“
“Shut up, I wasn’t actually asking.” Talia reached into her business suit – Dr. Sock had been disappointed to note that she was wearing normal, professional clothes today – and pressed something. One of the nearby walls clunked to life and slid outward, revealing several sets of sleek, powerful-looking gear.
“Keep your name, if you want,” she began, “but you’ll be wearing this equipment from now on. It will help you get the edge on any superheroes you decide to fight.”
Dr. Sock peeked at his new duds. Reinforced, thin armour. A night black jumpsuit covered in pockets and utility belts. Electronic goggles that could view various light spectrums. A backpack that folded out into a glider, a jet pack and a small pair of shoulder-mounted machine guns, all in one. A new cannon that fitted over Dr. Sock’s arm, one that certainly did not fire socks.
I’m gonna look like some evil marine, he thought. So much for themes. “Could I at least use my old cannon? Like I was gonna say, my roomie-“
Talia rolled her eyes. “I wouldn’t worry about your ‘roomie’ anymore.”
“Huh? Why?”
She shook her head. “Never mind. Suiting up and using the gear is self-explanatory, so I’ll leave you-“
“What! No! Wait!” Dr. Sock’s stomach lurched, and he grabbed Talia’s shoulders. “What did he do with Ed?”
With surprising grace and agility, Talia leaned beneath Dr. Sock, grabbed his arms and flipped him over her shoulders. He landed on his back, the breath forced out of his lungs, and as soon as he was on the ground Talia brought a dagger to his throat. “You don’t touch me. Only he touches me. Got it?”
His heart racing with sudden adrenaline, Dr. Sock nodded. What else could he do, other than hope that not everyone around here was some raving lunatic, ready to kill at the slightest provocation? 
That’s what you get for touching a girl, son. I always told you not to hit girls.
Talia sneered, slid her knife back into the cuff of her jacket, and left. Her only instructions as she stormed out the door were “Practice, you little shit. Practice your ass off. The door will be locked, so just wait for me to come back. I’ll have food.”
The slam of the door echoed like the bang of thunder in an empty canyon. Dr. Sock stared around the empty space, not sure what to do. There was a ton of military gear suspended from a rack several feet away, and he was just supposed to… practice? Fire things off and see what happened? That seemed a terrible way to get prepared.
“No worse than going into a bank full of cops with a gun that fires socks,” he reminded himself, laughing bitterly. 
Dr. Sock rose. He pulled the gear off its rack, noting that there were three other, identical suits in the wall niche as well. He stripped off his replacement clothes and pulled on his new outfit, noting with some satisfaction that it was much more comfortable than his old suit. Seamless and form fitting. His father would have approved.
The backpack was easy enough to get on, if a bit heavy, though the arm cannon seemed over-the-top for Dr. Sock’s tastes. He had trouble hefting it into place even with two arms, and he feared to pull the tiny trigger that rested against his index finger inside the steel casing. What would happen? 
Bracing himself as though he were on a ship at sea, Dr. Sock spread his legs and lifted the cannon away from his stomach, pointing it at a target on the far wall. Would it rip his arm off if he fired the thing? The Puppetmaster wouldn’t be so stupid as to give him a weapon that could be that destructive… would he?
A bead of sweat. Dr. Sock licked his lips. He wondered, not for the first time, not even for the fiftieth time, if it was too late to go back to his old life. The whole situation seemed too strange to be anything but a dream. But here he was, a villain practicing his art, and if he wanted to be recognized for what he was Dr. Sock had to take that step. Even if it meant consorting with the likes of The Puppetmaster.
“Don’t shy away from challenges, Jeremy,” his father had always said. “You’ll never know what could have been if you just keep walking away.”
“I’m evil,” he whispered, ignoring the rising wheeze in his chest. Villains didn’t have asthma. He pinched his eyes shut and pulled the trigger.

Round Two

The front of the bank exploded. The four officers standing outside dove for cover. Another blast rocked the bank, collapsing the entrance, and rather than facing down their attacker the cops ran. 
Dr. Sock entered the ruins of the bank in victory, standing even taller than last time, his armaments no longer a shtick. He’d practiced for four days with his gear before setting out to salvage his reputation. When The Puppetmaster had insisted that Dr. Sock finish the job he’d started, even if it meant attacking a different bank, the student did not complain.
More cops were waiting inside, though most had collapsed. Dr. Sock spotted them all through his goggles. His machine guns flipped to life and fired, pounding through wood and scaring everyone left out the back doors of the bank.
Beneath his mask, Dr. Sock grinned. He felt like a predator. 
The Puppetmaster whispered to Dr. Sock through his communications system. “Well done, though I noticed you spared the guards. And the civilians. Is this a gesture of goodwill, as they all belong to me?”
Jeremy shook his head, knowing full well that The Puppetmaster couldn’t see him. He just didn’t want to kill anyone. “Of course, sir. No need to waste valuable employees, right?”
The Puppetmaster snickered. “Indeed. Watch your head, doctor; an old friend is on his way. I, ah, dropped him a line on his website.”
Dr. Sock blinked, confused, then got the reference. Commander Bombastic. Another betrayal… but this one calculated so Dr. Sock could learn. This time, he was ready to take on a full-fledged superhero. “Roger that.”
Retreating to the entrance of the bank, Dr. Sock ducked and targeted the ceiling, little more than a patchwork of loose boards and canvas to keep out rain. This must not have been the first supervillain attack. The whole structure began to shake, and with sight that bypassed dust clouds Dr. Sock watched as the roof caved in under the kinetic might of Commander Bombastic, misguided hero of the city.
You humiliated me, Dr. Sock thought as he watched the commander straighten, his bulbous muscles highlighted by heat vision. You may have saved my ass, but you humiliated me. Time to return the favour. 
“Dr. Sock!” the commander bellowed, adopting his typically heroic pose. “It is I, Commander Bombastic, here to stop you once again-“
“Eat shit, dumbass!” Dr. Sock yelled, and he fired his cannon at the commander’s chest. The result was immediate and gratifying: the blast launched Commander Bombastic off his feet and through the back wall. The commander’s kinetic field let off a low, burbling murmur as it shielded the hero from most of the blast…
… but when Dr. Sock found Commander Bombastic minutes later, his head stuffed into a dumpster and his body covered in minor cuts, he was quite unconscious. 
Spitting on Bombastic with no small amount of satisfaction, Dr. Sock turned to more important business as three unmarked cars pulled up out front: retrieving his money.
This was the good life.

Not A Cent

“What do you mean, I don’t get to keep any of the money?!”
That’s what Dr. Sock would have blurted if he’d been talking to anyone else. Ed, perhaps. His father. His mother. Sisters. Even Talia. But not The Puppetmaster. No, he instead asked a much safer question:
“What are you going to do with it instead, then?”
The Puppetmaster rubbed the purifier on his mask as though it was a goatee. They were in one of his offices, a Spartan space with a simple wooden desk, a leather chair and a view of the city, projected from the top of The InfoCorp Building. The office was at least seven floors below ground level.
Eventually, he shrugged. “I guess I’ll give it back. I don’t need more money, and that poor bank desperately needs those funds to repair their offices. They’ve been attacked three times this month. Pretty devastating.”
Dr. Sock wanted to throttle The Puppetmaster, to go back to the security checkpoint, forcibly steal his cannon and use it to disintegrate the man. Instead he wrestled with his aggravation, playing back the memories of The Puppetmaster’s anger during their first meeting to keep himself in check. Fear brought safety.
“I know you don’t approve, Jeremy.” The Puppetmaster leaned back, fiddling with his cane. “But I’m glad you don’t voice your disapproval. Obedience is all I require, and you’ve learned that in a hurry.”
Dr. Sock said nothing. Silence usually kept him safe.
“Commendable.” The Puppetmaster clapped his hands. “Well. You’ve successfully completed your first truly villainous act: You’ve robbed a bank. Now I suspect you’ll want to consolidate your newfound power, and that means grabbing yourself some territory.”
Territory. Dr. Sock had never considered that. He’d been content with the idea of running heists from his apartment until he had enough to buy a house or a yacht or something. Territory sounded too street gang for his tastes.
The Puppetmaster swivelled in his chair and stood, tapping his cane against the ground. “Fortunately, I have the perfect place from which you can begin spreading your tentacles into the city. And so long as you always remember that I am the master, we won’t have to worry about you stepping on my toes. Correct?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Excellent. Come with me.”

On The Road Again

As with every departure from the compound, The Puppetmaster and two of his best bodyguards led Dr. Sock up to the car pools, where hundreds of unmarked and unremarkable cars waited to ferry The Puppetmaster anywhere he wanted. Talia was waiting in her finest negligee, and when they chose a car The Puppetmaster ordered Dr. Sock to find another one.
“I want some alone time,” he sniggered, and he and Talia slipped into their car without another word. Dr. Sock chose a red four-door, and his all-but-mute driver steered them in pursuit of The Puppetmaster’s vehicle, through a labyrinth of up-ramps that emerged from a bus depot far from city central.
Dr. Sock was getting frustrated. True, he’d had his first win the day before and, true, he’d seen some encouraging reports on the news about his villainous victory over Commander Bombastic, but the presence of The Puppetmaster kept him from lasting success. Everything Dr. Sock did would, ultimately, be attributed to The Puppetmaster. That made the good doctor a henchman, not a supervillain. He hadn’t gotten into this business to become a henchman.
“You have to give the boss his due before you become the boss yourself, Jeremy.” His father waggled an imaginary finger. “Don’t go trying to replace me too quickly, son, you hear?”
Yeah. As if I wanted to do that, dad.
The voice of his father was, however, oddly comforting. Dr. Sock was lonely. It had been a while since he’d seen any friendly faces. The Puppetmaster had ordered his subordinates not to speak to Dr. Sock whenever addressed, only to attend to his desires. When Dr. Sock wasn’t stuck in a drab room with a collection of movies for company, he wandered a rather limited selection of halls in a constant routine of eating, going to the washroom and sleeping.
And dreading. He had little news of the outside world beyond the television. What had happened to his family? And Ed? Were they all well? The vicious nature of The Puppetmaster left their existence constantly in doubt, and Dr. Sock was too afraid of his teacher to ask about any of them. Ed was a particular point of worry, given Talia’s small reference days earlier.
As Dr. Sock mulled over the sordid state of his villainous career, not to mention what the future held – if he still had a future – his car pulled up to an old office building. When he tried to get out, however, the door remained stubbornly shut.
The driver’s window rolled down. “Leave your weapons here.”
Dr. Sock cocked an eyebrow. “What?”
“Your weapons. Here. Don’t take ‘em. Orders from the big man. Ditch the hand cannon and the backpack.”
Tired of being bullied, Dr. Sock showed a touch of balls. The driver couldn’t do too much. “What if I refuse?”
The driver sighed. “You refuse and I blow up the car. I have kids, so just leave your stuff, alright?”
Kids. Blow up. Everyone’s as much a prisoner of this bastard as me. “Okay. Sorry.” Dr. Sock removed his weaponry, nodded sympathetically at the driver and stepped out of the car. 

Home Sweet Home

The Puppetmaster was talking to Talia in hushed tones, seated atop the trunk of their car. He giggled. She hopped down, stepped away and consulted a tablet. He shrugged. “Attention one minute, gone the next. Women.”
Talia cocked an eyebrow. “Why, did you actually have something useful to say?”
The air went cold as The Puppetmaster cocked his head slowly to one side. Talia, sensing his chill gaze, flinched. “Er, ah, sorry. Stocks? It’s a big deal, honey. I’m just handling your money the way you want me to. It’s got me irritable.”
That quiet, cold stare carried on for a moment more, then he nodded. “That’s alright. Shall we go, my pupil?”
The Puppetmaster led Dr. Sock into the office building. It was, as Dr. Sock had suspected from the car, abandoned: though the door had been cleared of obstructions before their arrival, the rest of the building was boarded up and filled with decades-old supplies. The occasional splatter of fresh blood hinted at the untimely deaths of squatters, flushed out by The Puppetmaster’s cleaning squads.
The Puppetmaster talked as they took a stairwell up to the second floor.. “This is the poorest part of Urban City. Most of it was cast aside years back when the old mayor decided to ‘revitalize’ city central. Those left living here are lost souls… or criminals, like us.”
Dr. Sock nodded. He also jumped when he saw a rat scuttle by, though The Puppetmaster didn’t seem to notice.
“I’ve toyed with the idea of bringing this place back to life by turning it into a red light district… so maybe you can help me get started. What do you say?”
What else could Dr. Sock say? No, that’s immoral and wrong and my Roman Catholic mother would never approve? Unlikely. “Of course.”
“Good.” The Puppetmaster used his cane to break down a door with surprising force. Not for the first time, Dr. Sock wondered if the tip of the cane consisted of dense metal. 
“Then consider this your headquarters. The beginning of your territory, as it were. And this, this can be your throne room.” He spread his arms to encompass the clutter.
Dr. Sock surveyed the room with no small amount of disdain. A dusty, rectangular meeting space with wooden chairs, a broken projector and half a pull-down screen. This hadn’t been what he’d pictured when considering himself as an up-and-coming supervillain. Nevertheless… “Thank you. I, ah, won’t let you down.”
The Puppetmaster tapped Dr. Sock gently with his cane. “Tut tut, watch your language. Not only did you use a cliché, you sounded rather uncertain. You don’t like what I’ve given you?”
Sweat gushed from Dr. Sock’s brow. Even his facemask couldn’t conceal his disappointment. Or was it his voice? He’d have to work on that. “No! I mean, uh, yes, I like it. I like it a lot.”
The blow from the cane came well before Dr. Sock was ever prepared, and he crumpled as hard metal crushed his gut. The Puppetmaster knew exactly where to strike to get between Dr. Sock’s armour, and the pain took him to the ground.
Master hovered over student, the disapproval sculpting his gas mask into a frown. “You hate it. You think this is a shithole. Don’t lie to me, Jeremy.”
Dr. Sock coughed. He couldn’t respond. The breath had been forced out of his body.
“Don’t lie,” The Puppetmaster hissed, kneeling, “because I intended to give you a shitty start. You’re still in school, Jeremy. You need to work your way up from the ground if you really want to appreciate the life of a criminal.”
Dr. Sock managed to heave out a few words. “Y… yes… than… thank you…”
The Puppetmaster shook his head. “You don’t get it. You think this is a game. You’ve always thought of villainy as a game. That’s why you always considered yourself a supervillain, because you think you can get away with acting like you’re in a comic book.”
He poked Dr. Sock again, forcing his chin up and locking eyes with his student, from goggles to gas mask. “This city is filled with superheroes and supervillains, true. It’s like a comic brought to life. Do you know the difference between the comics and real life, though, Jeremy? It’s the repercussions.”
The Puppetmaster rose. He moved towards the nearest chair, planting his cane against it like a baseball bat. “Here’s an example. Let’s say that a hero and a villain are fighting, and somehow one of them manages to break this chair. What happens? In a comic, the chair flies apart and is forgotten. Then, the next time you read the comic, it’s back again.” 
The Puppetmaster draped his cape over the chair to mockingly prove his point. “Like a newborn child. It’s only when you see it that it exists. Right, Jeremy?”
Dr. Sock didn’t say anything. He tried to watch, but the pain in his abdomen threatened to put him under.
“Right. Anyway.” The Puppetmaster removed his cape. “In real life, however, when I smash this chair, it’s gone.” And with a mighty heave of his cane he levelled the chair, spraying the room with bits of wood. “Gone forever, unless somebody wants to fix it.”
He turned back to Dr. Sock, nudging his protégé’s foot. “Do you understand what I’m saying? What you do here lasts. There are no go-backs, no silly retcons that reset reality. So you’d better do things right from the start. No compromises.”
Dr. Sock was still focused on the pain, only half accepting the argument he’d been given. Maybe he had considered supervillainy as a kind of game. Maybe he hadn’t. He didn’t care right now. He just wanted to lie down on his couch, drink some water and cringe away the agony. But he hadn’t been to his apartment in days. The landlord could have rented it to someone else. He was a capricious bastard like that.
The Puppetmaster sighed. “You don’t quite get it yet. But you will. Maybe this next lesson will teach you about the permanency of your actions.”
Dr. Sock knew enough about permanency. His life had been flipped upside down in the last week. He was the apprentice of an unstable, bloody crime lord. Did anything else really need to happen?
Apparently so. The Puppetmaster turned to address the walls. “This place is, as I said, a shithole. It needs to be improved if you’re going to make it anywhere in the world of the criminal, and that requires money. Lots of money.”
“But not money from me!” He spun, raising a finger to chastise Dr. Sock for some perceived wrong. “No, you won’t touch me or my business interests. Instead, I want you to raise the funds by going after the small businesses I’ve left alone, the independents with little protection and little incentive to branch out and expand.”
Dr. Sock knew one such business. He knew one very well. Consequently, he knew what was coming next, because above all things, The Puppetmaster was sadistic.
“You can choose your future targets as you please, Jeremy, but your first is your father. You will steal his money. All of it. Run his company into the ground. If ever you wanted to discover the effects of permanency, you need only ruin the people you love.”

Aw, Shit

Jeremy sat in his headquarters for the next three hours, staring at the wall. 
Eventually, he got hungry and went to find some food. He was thankful for the change of clothes he’d brought in a duffel bag. The patrons of the run-down burger shack might not have appreciated a full-blown criminal in their midst.
But, he thought as he chewed on greasy meat, should I have just burst in here and not paid? Should I have stolen whatever I wanted?
Shit. This evil stuff is hard. And it was only going to get worse. But at least he didn’t have diarrhoea anymore.

You Always Wanted To Get Back At Him

Jeremy couldn’t decide what was worth more: his burgeoning career as a villain – The Puppetmaster had more or less shot down the idea of a supervillain, so plain old villain was now the way to go – or his father’s business.
He weighed his options.
His father had raised him. Clothed him. Fed him. Trained him. Paid him. Given him a roof, a mother, sisters, a few business friends and lots of everyday stuff. He’d even introduced Jeremy to his current landlord and ensured that Jeremy would pay less each month.
He’d also insisted, consistently, that Jeremy would take over the shop. This destiny, more than anything, had annoyed Jeremy into taking up the mantle of a supervillain. He wanted to be a person of recognition, not a clothier… and since dear papa had shot down a degree in art, well, that was strike one.
On the other side, The Puppetmaster would kill both of them if Jeremy didn’t steal his father’s cash. So the choice wasn’t much of a choice at all. Maybe Jeremy could siphon all the money back into his father’s accounts once The Puppetmaster was satisfied?
This was the delicate problem swimming through Jeremy’s mind as he hunched over his father’s old computer in the back office of Fine Fashion Clothiers, staring at a clunky spreadsheet covered in financial figures and, to Jeremy’s chagrin, pin numbers. He could access any of his father’s bank accounts with ease. Didn’t the old man understand the dangers of the digital age? Yeesh.
I can cripple him, Jeremy thought. He’s got a shitload of money. And, yeah, most of it goes into maintenance and supplies and that sort of thing, but still… nice nest egg. No wonder he spends all his time in the office, he must be investing on the side. I want to say it’s shady, but he’s not exactly breaking any laws… just doesn’t tell the rest of us. It’s his business, so why should he? I bet mom knows, at least…
Jeremy didn’t have the debit cards associated with his father’s accounts, but the pin numbers were more than enough. He could use them, along with online banking passwords also located on the spreadsheet, to steal every dime. And since The Puppetmaster controlled the banks, his father wouldn’t get any money back.
All Jeremy had to do was copy the spreadsheet to the disc he’d brought. It was sitting in his pocket, bless his father for still having an old computer. It would be a piece of cake.
A… piece of cake.
So why couldn’t he do it? Why has Jeremy hesitating when the process of stealing all this vital information required an operation any seven-year-old with a computer could perform?
Because Jeremy loved his father. Because, despite his eternal annoyance at the man, he actually felt something for the business his father had created from the ground up, a successful, independent clothing store with reasonable prices. Don Jeremiah designed most of the clothes himself, putting as much care and pride into each design as he did raising his children.
“Jesus Christ,” Jeremy muttered, “you might think I’m sentimental or something. I still think he’s an asshole.” But he dropped the disc, confident his father would find it and think it was one of his own in the morning. Jeremy would have to concoct some plan for salvaging the situation. Maybe over another greasy burger. Damn those things were good.

Another Letter

And then Jeremy turned around and found a man staring at him.
“Hi,” the man said. “Louie.” He offered Jeremy his hand.
His heart coming back down from space but still fluttering madly, Jeremy shivered as he took the hand. “Uh. Hi. Wh… what are you…?”
“Big man told me to give you this if you didn’t take anything offa that computer.” Louie handed Jeremy a letter. “I didn’t look at it. He said he’d do to me what he did to Bruce if I did.”
Jeremy twitched. “What did he do to Bruce?”
“Don’t know. Maybe it says in there? He ain’t my boss anymore, at least.” Louie shrugged. “S’fine. He yelled at me a lot anyway. I like sneakin’ around a lot more than dealin’ drugs, ‘n I’m good at it.”
Louie stepped away from Jeremy, waved and glided from the room. Jeremy couldn’t even hear his footsteps on the linoleum.
“Weird guy. Like a… ninja, or something.” Shaking his head, Jeremy ripped open the envelope and read the contents.

Dr. Sock,

If you are reading this then I assume you decided not to steal your father’s assets. Either that or Louie screwed up, in which case he will need to be punished. Not killed, of course – he’s a man of rare physical talents. But… punished.
Assuming Louie did as instructed, you have failed. I am very disappointed. And, since I am not one to suffer disappointment in my subordinates, you will also be punished. This was a valuable lesson for you, doctor, and not one you should have taken lightly.
Meet me at your family’s house as soon as possible. And, yes, you will have to take transit to get there. The car that brought you to the shop is long gone.

The Puppetmaster

P.S.: I was further disappointed to discover that you did not wear your gear to rob your father’s store. The security issues of this action notwithstanding, I’m hurt that you do not appreciate my fashion sense. I picked out the elements of your costume personally, doctor. For shame.

Jeremy was tired of getting letters from The Puppetmaster. The guy just didn’t have anything good to say.
He was also terrified. He should have known that even a small moment of hesitation could be deadly. Hell, for all Jeremy knew, The Puppetmaster had kidnapped his family days ago. Jeremy had been carefully denied most avenues of access to the outside world, either cooped up in his master’s fortress or left to stew in an empty, run-down office building.
Shit. Shit shit shit. What now?
“Well, fuck me,” Jeremy said to the computer, “it’s not like he gave me a choice. Again.”

Run, Sockling, Run

Sneaking a bundle of cash and change from his father’s safe box, Jeremy burst out the back door, locked the store and fled down the alleyway to the nearest bus stop. It didn’t arrive for fifteen minutes, and he spent the time chewing on his nails and taking puffs from his inhaler. It didn’t occur to him until the bus was in sight that he should have taken a taxi instead, as he usually didn’t have the money to warrant such luxury.
Hurry. Hurry. Jeremy pounded his knees the entire trip, watching his bruised reflection through darkened windows. It looked ready to laugh at him for being such a dolt. Most of his fellow commuters edged away from his seat, though none were overly concerned. A weirdo? On the bus? At night? As common as gum under the seat.
Could they blame him for his nervousness, however? Could they? Not likely. Not if they knew what The Puppetmaster was like. He was vicious. Mean. Spiteful. And, worst of all, creative. He could shred Jeremy and his family in a dozen different ways while leaving them alive to endure every second of the pain.
Jeremy quashed a mental picture of his legs, trapped under the treads of a bulldozer and turned to paste. He looked around for something to distract him. Bus. The bus. What was on the bus?
The pull strings.
Jeremy’s mother had brought him on the bus a lot when he was a kid. They hadn’t had a car then, all of the money tied up in his father’s business. Jeremy always liked pulling the string when it was time to get off. He called it the dinger.
Mom. Shit. What have I done?
Ding ding ding. Think about that, Jeremy, think about that.
“I don’t like that boy Ed, Jer,” his mother told him once. “I know you’ve been friends with him for a long time, but he’s a bad influence. Always making those gadgets. You should find some other, uh, buddies. Pals. What do you kids call them these days? Bros?”
God. I did a lot worse than Ed, mom. All he ever did was eat pudding and fart a lot.
Eventually, tired of the bus incessantly looping from one street to the next, Jeremy pulled the dinger – it brought him no joy tonight - and leaped off in the middle of the road. He dashed towards his house. The ache in Jeremy’s knees from The Puppetmaster’s many lessons slowed him down, but not enough that Jeremy couldn’t stop running. Pure worry fuelled his legs.
The neighbourhood. The street. The house. It came in a slow-motion blur, every successive footstep a bit slower than the last. The lights were on. An unremarkable four-door sat in the driveway. A more suspicious van lingered on the side of the road a few houses away. His mother’s car wasn’t in the driveway, but his father’s was. Good and bad.
The driveway. The porch. The door. The door was open. Jeremy’s stomach bubbled. He pulled it open, heedless of danger –

BAM!

- and when he opened his eyes fifteen minutes later, Jeremy found himself in his bedroom. It was now a TV room, true, but Jeremy recognized his old robot-covered wallpaper, peeking over flowery borders.
Jeremy groaned. He was tired of getting knocked out wherever he went. He’d aged a dozen years since entering the field of supervillainy, and wondered how many criminals lived to retirement. He supposed the smart ones got out of the practice early… or got others to do all the painful shit.
“Ahem.”
Sitting up on the couch, wincing at the glare of the light overhead, Jeremy stared at the door. The Puppetmaster sat in the doorframe on one of the kitchen chairs, his arms dangling over the back as though he were having a conversation with an old college buddy.
He waved. “Heya, Jeremy. Welcome home.”
Wincing, Jeremy thought up a thousand different awesome rejoinders he could use for the occasion. He eventually resorted to grovelling. “Uh, hi, um, my, my father, I’m sorry, I’m, I’m…”
“You’re sorry?” The Puppetmaster knocked his cane against the doorframe like a pendulum, back and forth. “If you’re sorry, then why did you foul up in the first place? I asked you to do something simple. You failed. Why didn’t you just… not fail? Then we wouldn’t be here.” 
It sounded remarkably simple. Not fail. What a concept. Jeremy couldn’t believe he hadn’t thought of it. The loss of his father’s business seemed so paltry compared to a threat on his life. Jeremy mumbled several more apologies then fell silent, staring dumbly at his mentor.
 The Puppetmaster shook his head. “That’s all you know how to do right, Jeremy. You know how to shut your mouth. Well, I guess I can be lenient, since you’ve excelled at one task…”
Jeremy’s eyes lit up. Had the Santa Claus of kingpins finally decided to visit Jeremy’s woe-stricken house? Or… was this just a cruel joke? More irony?
“Ha!” The Puppetmaster pointed his cane at Jeremy’s face. “Kid in a candy shop, pardon the cliché. I love it. Yes, those puppy dog baby blues of yours have earned a small respite… or, rather, the chance to undo your previous stupidity.”
Signalling someone outside the room, The Puppetmaster pulled a wireless tablet from beyond the confines of the doorframe. It looked like Talia’s, though when he handed it to Jeremy the tablet displayed neither baseball scores nor stock info. Instead, it bore a single red button on its touch screen.
“I had our tech boys wrangle this up,” The Puppetmaster explained. “Nice little app for situations like this. If you press this button, the cash will be electronically transferred from your father’s accounts to your own. Brand new. I set up an account for you to use to finance your territory building, too. Aren’t I nice?”
Jeremy nodded. The sinking feeling had returned, though it was lighter than before. His father would not die, wherever he was. He would not. He would live. Jeremy pressed the button without hesitation, fully aware that he’d just ruined his family.
At least they would live.
The button on the screen disappeared, replaced by a giant yellow happy face. It winked at Jeremy and vanished, and he dropped the tablet.
The Puppetmaster threw up his arms. “Hallelujah! Such fervour. I like enthusiastic people. Looks like you’re off to a good start, Jeremy, despite some rocky beginnings. Excellent, excellent.”
Jeremy fell back on the couch. He was exhausted. As soon as he finished this twisted course of villainy, he would retire. Assuming The Puppetmaster let him. 
Humming tunelessly, the song twisted into horrible hissing by his mask, The Puppetmaster signalled again. This time a familiar remote control appeared in his hand. He flicked the TV on.
Jeremy twitched violently. His father was on the screen, facing Jeremy but obviously unseeing, his head bloody and his eyes unfocused. He’d been tied to a chair, and Talia loomed over him, a reaper in pantyhose. A thug behind them held a sleeping Mittens. 
Jeremy jumped up, scarcely breathing.
“One lesson down, on to the next.” The Puppetmaster tapped his purifier, activating a radio in his mask. “Today’s subject: villains are cruel. Talia, be a dear and sever one of Mr. Jeremiah’s arms, would you? I don’t care which.”

Interlude

Jeremy crushed a racoon when he was four years old.
It had been a complete accident. Even if it hadn’t Jeremy would not have been blamed for his actions. He was a sheltered child, with only one friend, and did not understand that other living creatures were frail. He’d never had a dog or a cat or fish with which to learn such things, as Mittens didn’t grace the Jeremiah household until Jeremy was twenty-two.
A fan of anything that made noise, Jeremy loved watching the garage door go up and down. He could hit the button all day long - and often did, draining the batteries on his father’s remote. No amount of yelling could deter Jeremy from pursuing his passion, though, and whenever his parents went over to the neighbours he’d rush out to the garage to listen to the roar of the gears.
That joy disappeared when, on a rainy March afternoon, he trapped a racoon in the door.
The racoon hadn’t known what was coming. A brief investigation by animal control after-the-fact revealed that the animal was old, and possibly deaf. It had shambled under the garage door, glanced at Jeremy, and then peered up – just as the garage door came sliding down on its back.
Its death was long and hard. The garage door, thanks to Jeremy’s constant button-pushing, refused to go back up. And in that time, as he stared at the racoon’s spasms, caught in his first asthma attack, Jeremy went to a happier place in his mind where everything was okay. There was no red, only the stark white of the subconscious. His white place.
This threatened to happen again as a masked man cut off his father’s arm with a chainsaw stolen from the garage. 

Too Late For Apologies

The edges of Jeremy’s vision went pearl as two men held him down and forced him to watch the television. He almost couldn’t see his father anymore, writhing in pain, his tinny screams faint, almost unrealistic, especially under the roar of the chainsaw. Mittens, now awake, barked mutely in the background.
Jeremy tried desperately to reach his white place. It was safe there. But the men wouldn’t let him, they kept dragging him back, and whenever Jeremy caught sight of the glorious white it was tainted by spatters of red.
Eventually, The Puppetmaster shut the TV off. He tossed Jeremy’s uniform, without its weapons, onto the couch. “There. Now when you see him for the last time, he won’t know who you are.” Motioning to his cronies, he swept from the room.
His body drained of all energy, Jeremy stared at the TV, half on the couch and half off. Part of his brain insisted that television usually consisted of glitzy lies, and that this was just another sensationalist piece of propaganda, a slasher film designed to tantalize the grotesque.
Another part of his brain was, slowly, directing his body, telling it how to put on his tights. And when every piece was in place, the goggles slipped over Jeremy’s face, reality kicked in. He howled and ran for the basement.
His father waited there, his face chalky and slicked with sweat. He was unconscious, and given the sheer amount of blood spattered everywhere Jeremy marvelled at his beating chest. Despite his father’s hearty constitution, however, that would not last. 
Mittens barked, pawing at Don Jeremiah's foot. Jeremy nudged the dog away, aghast at the smear of red on the dog's muzzle.
Jeremy untied his father and grabbed a sheet lying on the basement couch. He wrapped it as tightly around his father’s stump as possible, flinching as it soaked through with blood in an instant.
Pressure, Jeremy reminded himself, using the rope that had kept his father restrained to press the blanket against the wound. Pressure. Don’t pass out, you son of a bitch. He needs you. Jeremy took a quick puff of his inhaler, barely conscious that he was doing it.
His father’s arm still bled freely, but Jeremy didn’t know what else he could do to bind it, so he went for the phone. It was dead. So was the one upstairs, and his father’s cellular phone, always kept in a small cubby at the front door, had been smashed.
That fucker. That fucker. Jeremy screamed his frustration. Was this really the core of being a villain? Or was The Puppetmaster simply a sick man, if you could call someone so cruel a man?
Stumbling back into the basement, Jeremy hefted his father over his shoulder. He’d always been a small man, and now, sweating from every pore and lacking a left arm, he was considerably lighter. With a strength fostered by desperation and shock Jeremy dragged Don Jeremiah upstairs, out the front door and to his car, the car keys clutched in Jeremy’s teeth. Mittens barked from the door.
The car’s wheels were deflated. And, with a horrified sweep around the neighbourhood, Jeremy realized that was true of every other car nearby. There would be no help.
Had Jeremy been of sane mind, he might have asked the neighbours if their phones were working. The Puppetmaster couldn’t reach everyone. But sanity had left Jeremy, and he knew only three words: “Get to help.” He forced his father’s limp body into an awkward piggyback ride and ran for the nearest hospital. It was mercifully close.
Jeremy sped down the street, all pain forgotten, all fatigue ignored. His father’s breaths came hard and shallow against Jeremy’s neck, even through his Dr. Sock uniform, and Jeremy feared that each one might be his last. Hold out, old man, hold out just a bit longer.
This seemed a bizarre reversal to Jeremy. It had been his father who’d given Jeremy piggybacks in the past, his father who’d ran down these same streets while his son whistled and cheered from his back, firing squirt guns at the neighbours.
“Faster, dad, faster!” he’d cheer.
“More steam!” his father would reply, hooting locomotive noises.
The hospital waited where it always had, the lit foyer yawning open like some great beast’s mouth in the night, lingering patients with cigarettes and gowns standing outside and chatting as Jeremy approached. They gave him the same startled look as so many midnight drivers had on the way to the hospital, all pushing aside to let him through, none offering to help.
This is the world, he thought. People will let you through, but they won’t offer to help. This is the kind of world where The Puppetmaster can thrive.
Jeremy screamed for help. The nurses at the front desk relayed commands to unseen servants throughout the hospital, demanding immediate attention. They couldn’t ignore the bright red sheet covering what little was left of Don Jeremiah’s arm, nor the military gear worn by his son.
His son. No. He wasn’t a son right now. He was a stranger. He was Dr. Sock. And Jeremy, despite his incredible worry for his father, started to think about himself, about how he would eventually have to remove his goggles and face mask, how he would have to identify himself as the son of this broken man.
He couldn’t do that. His family was already ruined. 
Trembling, Jeremy touched his father’s face, expecting Don to open his eyes, to maybe even give Jeremy a stern lecture for old time’s sake. But his father’s eyelids remained stubbornly closed, and the only sound he made was a bloody gurgle.
As soon as the gurney arrived, Jeremy ran. He dropped his father onto the sterile sheets and bolted as though Hell itself was opening up behind him.

And He Thought

“How do you like the store, Jeremy? Think you can work here?”
“I guess so.”
“You can. You’ve been mending clothes for years. You know your way around a needle. I’m proud of you, son.”
“Thanks.”
“Think you’ll be able to take over when your old man kicks the bucket?”
“Uh, I guess.”
“Gee, don’t get too crazy with glee, Jeremy. Don’t worry, you’ll still get your chance to go to university.”
“Yeah? For Art?”
“What? No. You’ve learned about Art from me, kiddo, I told you that a thousand times. No, I was thinking you might benefit from a few English courses…”

You Can Always Go Home

When Jeremy regained conscious thought almost an hour later he was standing in his apartment, staring at a small heap of reminder notes shoved under the door. They all bore one word, in increasingly larger letters: RENT.
Jeremy had vague memories of someone trying to stop him on the way up the stairs. It must have been the landlord, because he’d said “I’m too old for this shit” and gone back into his apartment.
And he had mail. Jeremy was holding mail. He dropped it. Useless fliers, all. And a letter for Ed. Didn’t the world know that Ed had moved out by now? Who the hell still sent things through the mail anyway? Everybody knew that you messaged through email. Duh.
Jeremy didn’t know what to do. He swayed in place, a song courtesy of Edwin and Edwin stuck between his ears. Jeremy hated Edwin and Edwin. So had his father. It was one of the few things they’d agreed on – yet now his father was the one whistling in Jeremy's head.
Edwin. Ed. Ed’s favourite fucking band. “They must have good taste,” he’d always say, “because they decided to put E and D in their names. Twice. Can’t argue with that, Jer.” Where was Ed now, that great lump of guts who could usually make Jeremy feel better just by arguing? His company would give Jeremy a way to forget about his problems. If only for a second.
His dad might already be dead. Jeremy didn’t know.
The answering machine beeped. It must have been beeping for days. Jeremy pressed the button on top, more out of habit than anything, and listened.
“Jeremy? It’s your father. You’re late again, son, and I’m not happy. Now I won’t come searching for you, because you’re a grown man, but this won’t-“
He hit pause and checked the flashing number on the display. Eight missed calls. All probably from his father. He deleted the lot, knowing they would be full of his father’s usual lecturing. Then Jeremy realized that he might never hear his father’s voice again, now that he had deleted the calls, and swore.
No. He’ll be okay. He was still alive.
Jeremy staggered to his room, stripping away his bloody costume. He felt dirty wearing it, disgusted about ever having put it on in the first place. He collapsed into bed and dreamed of going to his high school prom with no clothes on, which, mercifully, had nothing to do with his father.
Oh, and cutting off The Puppetmaster’s arms. And legs. And head. There was that part of the dream, too. It was a good dream.
 
Fucking Letters

Jeremy got a phone call from the hospital the next day. He was too scared to hear what had happened, so he refused to pick up the phone. When the call went to his answering machine, he yanked the power cord out of the wall.
White space, white space. Everything’s okay in my white space.
Jeremy took stock of his options as he shoved the pain into the white, listlessly drinking a grape pop from the fridge. Most of the food had gone bad, and his stomach wasn’t ready for solids anyway.
His first option was to run. Run, and never look back. This was the cowardly option that needed to be observed and immediately discarded as impractical, for not only did it include abandoning the rest of Jeremy’s family, it wouldn’t work. The Puppetmaster could find Jeremy. He was sure of that.
His second option was to stand and fight. This, too, appeared suicidal – The Puppetmaster’s cronies would kill Jeremy with ease. He had an extra set of weapons secreted at his headquarters, as laughable as the term sounded, but they wouldn’t be enough to combat a city full of potential enforcers.
His third option was confronting The Puppetmaster. Ask him why. And, potentially, facing death. Maybe if he had his weapons, he could…? But The Puppetmaster didn’t usually allow weapons in his presence, which negated the usefulness of this option.
His fourth option was giving in and doing as The Puppetmaster said. In short, becoming a villain.
Jeremy was not evil enough to be a villain. He knew that now. A silly supervillain from the comics, maybe, but not a true villain. The only option, then, was to confront the man, because then, perhaps, Jeremy could convince The Puppetmaster to give all this up and leave his student alone. 
Where was Ed? He could help. Ed explained things. Jeremy hated to admit it, but Ed offered good advice. Sometimes. Jesus.
A knock on the door interrupted Jeremy’s thoughts. He glanced over the couch and noticed a new letter, slid halfway under the door.
Jeremy now hated letters. Nevertheless, he snatched it up, certain that doom waited inside. He wasn’t disappointed.

Dr. Sock,

You took your father to a hospital for treatment after our ‘operation’. Again you have failed me. This dismays me, Dr. Sock. Fortunately, your father is now dead.
I will be waiting at your headquarters. If you choose to run, please note that your friends and family will suffer. Your roommate Ed has been developing new technology for me under extreme duress, and your mother and sisters are in police custody. None of them are essential to my operation, and I could do with some entertainment. Know what I mean?
Cowardice is a trait of the villain, as is a self-serving attitude. Consequently, I will not be that disappointed if you do not meet me. We will, however, be chatting in the near future either way.
Enclosed are pictures of your loved ones. And Ed. He’s called you a cocksucker numerous times, so if you love him, the feeling is probably not mutual.

The Puppetmaster

Jeremy found two photos enclosed in the envelope. The first was of a shaggy Ed, obviously denied shaving equipment, hunched over a computer console in a room full of electronics. The second was a shot of the remainder of Jeremy’s family, crowded into a small holding cell. None of them looked happy, and Jeremy’s younger sister appeared outright terrified, her head shoved between her knees.
Dad. Mom. Clarice. Annette. Ed. All fucked over because of Jeremy’s selfish actions. The only thing he could do was laugh crazily at the thought that Mittens was still free, ruling over the house like a queen.
Wiping away a few tears, Jeremy opened the front door and scanned the hallway outside his apartment. Louie waved at him before disappearing down the stairs. Jeremy didn’t bother chasing the man. He wouldn’t know anything of value.
Lacking any better choice, Jeremy got dressed, stowed his outfit in a duffel bag, and left his apartment. He slid the long-neglected rent money under his landlord’s door, finally grabbed from the kitchen table.
I wonder if I’ll ever come back here again, he thought. It was a good apartment. Small, kinda smelly, but good. A home. If it weren’t a home I wouldn’t have come back last night on autopilot, I guess. 

It Would Look Nicer If You Decorated

Finding his headquarters, the abandoned office building with the musty odour and the live-in rats, was difficult. Jeremy had to pay his cab driver almost $30 as the car patrolled the slums of Urban City, searching for a building that fit Jeremy’s limited memory of the place. He’d always been shuttled there before. He wasn’t sure where to go. Eventually the driver caught on to Jeremy’s cryptic hints, however, and she took him to the edge of the industrial district. The office waited, as abandoned as ever. 
Well. Except for the usual four-door car, the tinted windows hiding any sign of the people within. Today The Puppetmaster had chosen a khaki vehicle. Was he planning a safari?
Tipping the driver with the remainder of the money he’d stolen from the night before, Jeremy waved her off, took a breath and entered the building. It seemed more sinister than before, every shadow of every crack potentially hiding one of The Puppetmaster’s traps. Jeremy had grown accustomed to perpetual paranoia.
And, he realized, the threat of death. The Sword of Damocles was hanging over Jeremy’s head now. The Puppetmaster had probably given Jeremy grey hairs through sheer fear, but Jeremy wasn’t sure. He couldn’t look himself in the mirror, not after what had happened last night.
Father. Dead. Arm cut off. Brutal.
This has to end.
Creeping along the narrow hallway of the first floor, Jeremy checked the rooms. Only the usual gangs of loafing vermin sat inside, most of them bold enough that they only stared back when caught in the open. They were the gallery of the damned, watching a doomed man take his last walk.
Eesh. That’s pretty melodramatic. Still, ironic that I’d get offed in some crappy office building.
Jeremy ascended the stairs, the creaks in the steps announcing his arrival to anyone on the second floor. And they’d heard him, no doubt of that, as the voice of the king cobra himself called to his pupil as soon as Jeremy set foot on the second floor landing. “Come to the throne room, Dr. Sock.”
Jeremy did. No point hesitating. Walking down the hall and stepping through the door he found The Puppetmaster sitting in a dusty wooden chair. He was idly tapping his cane against the thigh of his hostage.
But not any hostage Jeremy would have expected. “Commander Bombastic?”

Listen To Teacher

The commander had seen better days. His face puffy with bruises and dried blood, Bombastic lay unceremoniously on the floor, his arms chained to his legs. He couldn’t move, and given the tattered state of his costume he’d probably been beaten so badly that he wouldn’t want to move.
“Yep. Your old buddy is back for another visit.” The Puppetmaster jammed his cane into Bombastic’s leg. The hero groaned and looked around, though a blindfold covered his face. “He's surprisingly resilient, even without that kinetic aura. Must have been quite the athlete before he joined the ranks of the super powers.”
Jeremy dropped his bag. He unzipped the top, exposing his Dr. Sock gear, and tossed the bag on the floor. “I’m done. I’m done with this. You can have it back.”
“Is that so?”
“Yeah. Gonna kill me now, or what?”
The Puppetmaster chuckled. “Kill you! Why, no, not at all. You can’t die before you complete my course on villainy. I won’t allow it.”
Jeremy gave him the finger.
This earned him a howl of laughter. “Ha ha! Defiance. Very good. I suppose that is part of becoming a criminal: eventually, you need to cast off your old boss and take his place. Or at least express your displeasure at how he runs things. Yes, very good.”
The Puppetmaster stood, stalking around Commander Bombastic as the hero writhed on the ground. “However, it occurs to me that you wouldn’t be so callous towards me, Dr. Sock, if you knew the full extent of my plans for this city. Would you like to know more?”
Typical. A supervillain revealing his scheme to somebody who couldn’t possibly stop him. Though hadn’t The Puppetmaster himself said that supervillains were nonsense? Either way, Jeremy didn’t care. “No. Keep your plans to yourself.”
Commander Bombastic mumbled “Dr. Sock?” from the floor. 
“Oh, but they’re so delicious.” The Puppetmaster smacked Bombastic again. “For example, I’ve been directing every superhero and every supervillain in Urban City into doing what they do best. You know, property destruction and millions of dollars lost?”
Jeremy winced. The Puppetmaster had certainly earned his name if that was true. It made sense: the sheer amount of chaos that had erupted since the appearance of super powers was too widespread to be random happenchance. Someone had to be feeding these costumed idiots their marching orders… and The Puppetmaster could easily have been sitting on both sides of the fence, whispering in eager ears.
“Or that I’ve been secretly stimulating them with drugs? The commander here is a speed addict, though he never knew it.” The Puppetmaster poked Bombastic again. “I had my men lacing his cereal. Part of a balanced breakfast. You should have seen him shake when he wasn’t eating! Ha!”
Bombastic groaned, his head turning towards The Puppetmaster. Then he drooped and shuddered.
Jeremy winced, suddenly sympathetic. Heroes and villains alike had been blowing the city apart, piece by piece, for months now. Bombastic was well known as one of the worst malefactors, which was no surprise given his kinetic powers and love of bouncing wherever he went. Was most of that behaviour fuelled by a drug addiction?
“And now…” The Puppetmaster swept his cape over Bombastic’s face, giggling. “Now look at him. Thanks to that cannon blast, you’ve burned out his powers. He’s a wreck of a man. He has no purpose in life… save one.”
The Puppetmaster pointed. Sitting on the old, broken projector beside the door was a handgun. “Another lesson, Dr. Sock. Kill him. Blow his brains out.”
Jeremy recoiled. “What?! Fuck! No! I’m not doing your dirty work anymore, you bastard!”
“Now you see him, now you don’t. Heh.” The Puppetmaster kept passing his cape over Bombastic’s body. “That’s what I expected. But if you want to be a villain-“
“I don’t!” Jeremy clenched his fist, energized. He was pissed. “That’s not me! I don’t know why the fuck I wanted to do the supervillain thing anymore, but that’s not me! I can’t hurt people like that! Not without a good fucking reason!”
The Puppetmaster shrugged. “A good reason? Okay.” He stooped and untied the blindfold on Commander Bombastic’s face, tossing it aside. Then he cradled the commander’s head and forced him to look at Jeremy. “You see that, Bombastic? That’s the face of the man who took you down. That’s Dr. Sock unmasked.”
Jeremy froze, lost in the hazy blue eyes of Commander Bombastic. He looked drugged, or at least badly beaten – but there was enough left in his face to indicate awareness.
He saw Jeremy. And Jeremy was now fucked.
“So you see, Jeremy Jeremiah,” The Puppetmaster continued, hissing his student’s name with extra emphasis, “you have no choice. Unless you shoot Bombastic, he will reveal your name to the police. They will hunt you down and arrest you, and your life really will be at an end.”
The Puppetmaster turned away, letting Bombastic slide back to the floor. Jeremy, acting on instinct, grabbed the gun – and pointed it at his former mentor. His aim, however, was shaky. He screamed spittle.
“Do you understand what it is to be a villain yet, Jeremy?” The Puppetmaster asked, staring out a smoke grey window caked with dust. “It is to be evil. Indiscriminate. Ruthless. And… one other thing. Do you know what that is?”
“Fucking crazy?!” Jeremy yelled, the gun gyrating in his fingers.
“No.” The Puppetmaster shook his head. It was a slow motion, almost sad. “You’ll find out. Soon. I suspect that will be our last lesson. Until then, Jeremy, why don’t you just go ahead and shoot the commander? The police are on their way, and you’re running out of time.”
Jeremy gasped. The Puppetmaster laughed, and with a flourish of his cane he slammed the ground. The floor cracked and gave way, and he disappeared into the hole.
Flabbergasted, Jeremy didn’t bother to check the hole, despite the temptation to put a bullet in The Puppetmaster’s brain. He took one look at Commander Bombastic, who watched him with bleary eyes, dropped the gun and ran. The sound of police sirens in the distance dogged Jeremy all the way back to the apartment he thought he’d never see again.

Surprise!

And when he entered, hours later, drenched in sweat, Ed was waiting.
“Hey.” Ed was on the couch, eating pudding and playing a video game. “I think this stuff went bad. Kinda funky. When’s the last time you shopped?”
Jeremy’s jaw came as close to hitting the floor as it could without getting dislocated.
Ed blinked. “What? Got a bug on my face or somethin’?” He blinked again, rather harder, when Jeremy dove on him in a massive bear hug. “Jesus! Christ! Okay, yeah, I’m happy to see you too! Get off me, you clingy pervert.”
Jeremy couldn’t pull himself away until Ed kneed him in the crotch, and even that didn’t dilute his joy. Ed was here. Delightful, always-there Ed. How he’d gotten here was a mystery, but it didn’t matter. It was Ed, and Ed was… bleeding?
He must have been, because Jeremy’s crotch was now stained with blood. “What the fuck, man? What happened here? And you? What, what-“
Tossing his controller aside, Ed shushed his friend. “Yeah. I know. It’s what you think. No, I didn’t mysteriously forget what happened. That bastard had me locked up for a few days. I hurt myself escaping. Shimmied down a pipe outside my window. Kinda… got my leg stuck on one of the supports. Hurt like hell.” He winced.
In a moment of surprising openness, Ed allowed Jeremy to inspect the wound: a long, mostly superficial gash in the skin, smeared with blood. “Jesus. Why didn’t you go to a hospital?”
Ed waved him away again. “I think you know by now. He’s got everyone in his pocket. Son of a bitch is powerful. If I went to a hospital, how long do you think it’d be before I got dragged back to his fucking hideout? Not long. This was the only safe place I could come.”
Jeremy sobered at the mental image of Ed limping his way through alleys from city central to their part of town. It must have taken hours… which also explained why Ed smelled like garbage. “Why didn’t you wrap it up?”
Ed looked away. “I, uh, heard it’s good to expose wounds to the air. Helps ‘em heal.”
“No, you stupid bastard, that can get ‘em infected!”
“Pfft, you think you’re a doctor or something?”
“I’m better at it than you, apparently. Ironic that the guy with the engineering degree doesn’t even know how to take care of his own body.”
“You still don’t know what irony is, do you?”
It was nice to argue again. Jeremy could have cried, but his emotions were still safely tucked away where nobody could hurt them. He’d only let joy out for a moment; now it was time to shelve it again. “I don’t understand. Why’d he kidnap you? My family would’ve been enough.”
Ed’s eyes shined. “Well, ah, apparently he was impressed by my sock cannon. So he had me brought in to work for him. When I said I wasn’t interested… he kinda… locked me in a computer room. Made me draw up tech specs on some god awful engineering software. Ran me into the ground, day after day.” He straightened his shirt collar. “Guess the man can recognize brilliance.”
Jeremy snorted. “Or he wanted free labour. Explains your thickass beard. You look like a hobo.” He yanked at Ed’s whiskers.
“Hey! Fuck off. I’ve been through a lot.” Ed sobered, his expression changing to as sympathetic as Ed ever got. “I, uh, heard about your dad. The guards outside my room were, well, talking. I listened. One of ‘em had to do the, the job with the, well, you know. Kept saying he had nightmares the next night.”
Jeremy looked at his lap. Reality crashed in again, threatening to pulverize his fragile flood gates. He swallowed. “Yeah. Well. Hope the son of a bitch has nightmares for the rest of his life. Assuming he lives that long.”
Ed cocked an eyebrow. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
Jeremy matched his gaze. His eyes turned steely. “I’ve faced death a few times now, Ed. I’m not so afraid anymore, and this whole thing… this whole thing is so fucked up that I have to try and end it.”
“Meaning…?”
“Meaning I need you to make me another sock cannon.”
Ed stared at his roommate, astonished. Jeremy knew he must have sounded mad, so he explained. “I’ve ruined my family, Ed. My mom and my sisters are in jail, and my dad…” He swallowed. He couldn’t say it. “Y’know. ‘cause of me. I need to set it right.”
Ed didn’t say anything at first. He was too busy checking Jeremy’s face, perhaps for signs of mental distress. Jeremy was certain he had lots of those. Eventually, Ed snorted. “You really are crazy. Didn’t all this supervillain shit teach you anything? The guy plays for keeps. You go after The Puppetmaster, you’ll probably get yourself, and your family, killed.”
“I know.” Jeremy stood and paced, stepping over garbage that wasn’t in his way. He couldn’t help it. His body was used to a messy apartment. “I don’t have a choice, though. I dunno where he’s holding my family. I have to get into his headquarters and get that info somehow. And I need to get their money back. I basically stole it, and The Puppetmaster never gave me any of the account info… so…” He shrugged weakly.
“I see.” Ed straightened, grunting against the pain in his leg. “You can’t help your family if you’re dead. This is just as stupid as when you started all this shit, Jeremy. I went along with it then ‘cause I didn’t think it would go so deep… but then it did, and… well, you just had to knock my guy out at the warehouse…”
“What?!” Jeremy spun. “Your guy? What are you talking about?”
“When you went to that damn drug meet! The guy in the alley! You fucked him up with your goddamn cannon!”
“Fuck, Ed! What the hell was he doing, spying on me?!”
“He was supposed to knock you out!” Ed sneered, flicking dried blood off his knee. “You were in over your head, man! I needed to stop you, so I gave a homeless guy $100 to follow you around and konk you on the head… gave him a nice suit ‘n everything… how did I know you would take him out first?”
“Was that the money I gave you for the guns?!”
“Yeah, of course. I didn’t actually pay anything to make those, y’know. I’m good like that.”
“You cheap, lying bastard!” Jeremy hesitated. “And you tried to get my head smashed! Asshole.”
“Gee, how terrible of me. If I hadn’t hired a useless hobo, I could have prevented all this.” He waved a hand at his leg, as well as Jeremy’s face. “You’ve been through a lot, haven’t you? I mean, that’s obvious, but… you look old.”
Jeremy sagged. He’d almost reached his limit, the exhaustion of his education, and everything that had happened, weighing him down. But… “Yeah. A lot. So will you make me another cannon?”
Ed winced and shook his head, though not in disagreement. “Ugh. Don’t have to. There’s another one in my room. Why make two when you get three for the same price? Lemme go get it.”
“No, wait, you’re hurt.” Jeremy put a hand on Ed’s shoulder. “I’ll get it. Where is it, under your bed or something?”
But Ed pushed him aside. “Fuck off. It’s my room. I locked it when I left for a reason, and it’s still locked. I have the key.”
“Oh yeah? Where’d you hide it while you were captured, up your ass?”
“In the kitchen, you retard! You’re shit at finding secrets!” Ed reached into his pocket as he stood, digging for the key. “I can open my own damn room and look for the fucking cannon.”
“You scraped your fucking leg on a pipe trying to escape from my mortal enemy! Stop trying to look like a manly man! Jesus, just sit down!”
“Don’t touch me, man, I’m trying-“
“Will you-“
“Stop-“
“Hey!”
Jeremy, caught in the heat of a childish argument with an old friend, knocked Ed onto the couch. He couldn’t help it, even though Ed was injured. When they argued, he had to be right. The leader was always right, and the leader always went first – which, in this case, meant doing a job for the henchman for once. The key tumbled out of Ed’s grasp, and Jeremy caught it in midair.
“Hey! Give that back!” Ed lurched over the couch at Jeremy, almost tipping it. “I’m serious, Jer, don’t fuck around in my room!”
Too late. Sticking out his tongue, but with some small concern regarding Ed’s rage, Jeremy shoved the key into the lock and clicked it open. He tossed the lock aside and stepped in, groping for the light switch.
“Don’t look, you motherfucker!” Ed screamed. The couch thumped behind Jeremy, but Ed was too late to grab Jeremy’s retreating legs.
He was also too late to stop Jeremy from looking inside his room.
It was, as predicted, horribly messy, with old wrappers, empty boxes and stacks of comic books dominating the floor. Jeremy couldn’t even see Ed’s bed, and he had to step over a fallen coat rack to go anywhere.
Jeremy wasn’t interested in Ed’s hodgepodge collection of trash and memorabilia, however.  His eyes were drawn to the far wall… and the fact that part of it was slightly ajar. A thin line of white light bled from the crack, hinting at active computer monitors. 
“Ed?” he called. “What the fuck is this?”
Ed didn’t reply, but he was still breathing hard. The couch thumped back into place.
Jeremy touched the edge of the protruding wall. Cold metal lay under the ripped wallpaper. Jeremy pulled and it lurched forward, opening into a small room filled with electronic devices.
Shaking, Jeremy retrieved two photos he’d been keeping in his pocket, unable to put them down: one of his mother and sisters, the other of Ed in a computer room.
This computer room. Jeremy could see the webcam used to take the picture hanging over the chair.
It wasn’t exactly the same as before, however. This time, there were two other elements to the picture, Ed’s absence aside: a set of tools… and a spindly skeleton, lying atop a heap of clothes, a black cape and a cane. It looked human sized, and its feet were propped onto a table, bearing signs of damage. Its face was covered by a gas mask.
Jeremy turned. Ed stared at him from the door. Though still obviously in pain from his cut, he looked determined to hold together. Indeed, he was smiling slyly, as though Jeremy had just discovered a rather embarrassing secret.
“Whoops.” He pointed a handgun at Jeremy. “I knew I should have turned off the monitors.”

Ed

Once upon a time, Jeremy’s mother made lunch for her son and his best friend.
“Can we have bologna?” Ed asked.
“I’m sorry, Ed, we don’t have bologna.”
“I don’t want bologna!” Jeremy tossed a plastic bag at Ed. It glided ineffectually to the tabletop. “I want macaroni! Macaroni!”
“Yes, dear. Are you okay with macaroni, Ed?”
“I guess.”
Jeremy’s mother grabbed a pot from beneath the sink and filled it with water. Jeremy watched, his mouth salivating. He loved macaroni.
“Can we have hot dogs, too? Cut up in the stuff?”
“We don’t have hot dogs, honey. You’ll have to make do.”
Jeremy stretched to tug on his mother’s apron, his chair tottering on two legs. He looked back at Ed, grinning. Ed said he liked bologna, but he would really love it when Jeremy’s mom went out to buy them hot dogs. She would, too, if Jeremy bugged her enough.
Ed would love hot dogs. They were like bologna.
Then Jeremy’s chair tipped and he slammed onto the kitchen floor, landing hard on his left arm. Though he was only six years old, Jeremy knew at once that it was broken. It would bother him for the rest of his life.
Jeremy’s mother shrieked and draped herself over her fallen son, asking if he was okay, pleading to God for Jeremy to be all right. Jeremy had trouble looking at anything else, between his mother’s frantic ministrations and the tears in his eyes.
But he had seen Ed’s face. His eyes were as dull and apathetic as ever, seemingly unconcerned for his friend’s welfare… but his lips were arched in disapproval. Or disappointment.
In retrospect, Jeremy wondered why he never told anyone that Ed had tipped the chair with his foot.

Friends Are Only Friends If They’re Not Enemies

Held in place by memories, Jeremy didn’t react fast enough to stop a clattering spectre from rising up behind him and locking its arms around his chest and waist. A gas mask filter flopped against Jeremy’s face, the neck of its wearer seemingly broken.
Ed pulled a small remote from his pocket and shrugged. “Now you know why I picked that name, I guess. I always loved puppets. Not that you ever would have known, Mr. Leader.”
His breath forced out by the mechanized horror, Jeremy struggled to speak. He couldn’t figure it out, couldn’t understand what had just happened. “Wh… why…?”
“Oh, please.” Pressing another button on his remote, Ed clapped his hands as half a dozen smaller puppets arose from the trash around him, each a miniature version of The Puppetmaster. “Don’t tell me you’re actually surprised. This is such a cliché reveal by comic book standards. And god knows you always go by comic books. The bad guy's always the good friend.”
Jeremy couldn’t figure it out, though. He’d never suspected Ed. Ed the constant friend, Ed the semi-reliable roommate, Ed the gamer, Ed the comic book freak, Ed… Ed the sidekick. It just didn’t make sense, and so most of Jeremy’s brain, distraught by the revelation, rejected it entirely.
And Ed must have known it. He laughed. “I’m not innocent, kiddo. This isn’t brainwashing or a doppelganger at work. I’m The Puppetmaster, not that I’m in love with the name or anything. Same goes for the outfit, though it did have the benefit of hiding my puppet’s innards. Let him go, One.”
The shambling creature holding Jeremy captive complied, and he collapsed. The smaller puppets moved in on him, lingering around Jeremy in threatening silence. There was nowhere to go… but at least now he could talk.
And he did talk. “What… what the fuck, man? Why? Why?!”
“Because I could.”
What a horrifying answer. “T… that can’t be all of it!”
“No. I guess not.” Ed waved the gun lazily, smirking. “It was something to do. I was bored. When you’re unemployed, video games and comic books and all that shit gets kinda dull. So why not emulate the fictional characters I’ve been reading about all these years and try the supervillain thing on my own? Fair, isn’t it? You of all people should understand that compulsion, Jeremy.”
Jeremy did. But the things Ed had done… “You… you killed... “ He groped for his inhaler, chest tightening. It got even worse when Jeremy couldn’t find the thing. “You turned my life into hell!”
“Technically, I didn’t kill your dad. T’was Tyrone the henchman and blood loss that did the deed.” Ed snorted. “Bastard had it coming. He never liked me. Whenever I slept over at your house he’d give me the shitty sheets. You don’t have anything better than scratchy wool? Fucking liar.”
Jeremy couldn’t believe his ears. Ed had killed his father over bed sheets? 
“No, you dumbass, that was a joke.” Ed sighed. “Like I said, I did it because I could. Unlike you, I’m actually suited to the supervillain shit. To the point that I realize supervillains are bull.”
Jeremy darted forward, trying to bowl through the crowd of puppets to get to Ed. They proved surprisingly strong, however, as the mass of arms and legs leaped up to greet him – and pull him down. Jeremy struggled to break free, but each little Puppetmaser kept him pinned.
Ed reached into the mess at his feet and grabbed a rag, tightening it around his cut. “Fuck does that sting! When I got word you were headed here I had to run out to the living room. Tripped on something and scratched my leg on that fucking coat rack.”  
“I’ll show you… stinging, motherfucker!” Jeremy roared. “Let’s… let’s see how much it fucking… hurts… when I cut your head off!”
“Aw, is squirmy Jeremy having trouble with his asthma? You’re such a badass, Jer.” Ed smirked, retrieved his cane from the heap of clothes, and pressed it against Jeremy’s forehead. “You know, if you’d even once taken out the garbage, you would have noticed this place. I had a whole extension built in the back alley to accommodate the computer room. Just shows how egocentric you are, Jer.”
Jeremy continued to struggle, trying desperately to bite Ed’s cane. Ed sighed and snapped his fingers, and the puppets dragged Jeremy out of the computer room and back into the living room. They weren’t careful with him on the way, so Jeremy was plastered with garbage and covered in small cuts when they finally let him go.
Ed pointed to the couch. “Sit.”
Jeremy lunged. The puppets jumped him.
When the tussle ended, Ed pointed again. “Sit. Or I’ll make you sit.”
Jeremy sat. He watched Ed pace the room, tapping the cane against his thigh. Ed must have been in The Puppetmaster costume at least a few times, whether he was running his operation remotely from the apartment or not, as his gestures were near identical to the crime lord's.
“I asked you, so many times, why you were bent on becoming a supervillain,” Ed began. “I still don’t get it, really. You’re not an evil man. You’re just kind of a douche.”
“What!” Despite his rage, Jeremy managed to feel resentment towards Ed’s estimation of his character. “How so? I gave you a place to stay, I went out and bought food all the time, I-“
Ed cut him short with a poke to the chest with his cane, one that was surprisingly gentle. Jeremy could nevertheless feel the cold metal of the tip through his shirt, and the threat it presented. “You. Are. An. Ass.”
Jeremy sneered. “This coming from the mastermind who-“
“It’s not about me.” Ed dug the cane’s tip into Jeremy’s chest. “This is you. You, who undermined me at every turn when we were growing up. Forget about Ed ever getting what he wanted, it was all about Jeremy, Jeremy, Jeremy!”
He smiled. “You were the leader. The idea man. The fucking genius. We ate where you wanted to eat, played what you wanted to play, watched what you wanted to watch. If ever there was a topic of conversation, it was Jeremy Jeremiah, the wonder boy of Urban City.”
Ah. So that’s what it was all about. Jeremy spat on Ed’s cane. “That’s fucking petty, man. And ironic. Ironic that-“
“Shut the fuck up!” Ed swept his cane at Jeremy’s chin, knocking his head back. Painful light speckled Jeremy’s vision. “You majored in English for four years and you never figured out irony. You say things are ironic all the time, but you don’t know what the fucking word means. Christ does that piss me off.”
“Irony,” Ed announced, planting his foot on the table as though it were a soapbox, “is a reversal of expectations. Like a fire station burning down, or an advocate for water safety drowning, or a phobia of long words being called hippopotomon… hippo… poto…”
 Ed stopped and scratched his head. “Hippopot…”
“I know what you mean. It’s really long. Hippo something.”
“Yeah.” He belched. “Where was I?”
“Irony.”
“Oh yeah.” Ed drooped. He’d lost his momentum. “Well, anyway, you don’t fucking get irony. Nobody fucking gets irony. Even I screw it up half the time. So don’t talk about irony, alright?”
Jeremy rolled his eyes. Ed pushed his cane into Jeremy’s stomach. Jeremy coughed. “Will you fuck off with that thing? It hurts.”
“It’s supposed to hurt, you nitwit. I’m not being friendly here. Guy who ordered your dad killed, remember?”
Jeremy couldn’t forget. Even as he went through the old motions with his former buddy, the rage at what Ed had done simmered on the back burners of Jeremy’s consciousness, waiting for the chance to explode after they were finished chatting about useless shit.
Now was the time. Jeremy’s head dropped, his eyes narrowing in hate. “Then tell me, Ed. Tell me why. And not just ‘because I could’. I want a reason before I break your head open.”
“Big words!” Ed hung his cane on his arm and pushed a button on his remote. 
The puppets leaped on Jeremy and tore into his clothes, ripping his shirt and pants to shreds. He struggled as best he could, but within minutes he was naked. He shivered, covered in bruises and scratches from the week from hell, glaring with renewed fury at Ed.
Ed just laughed. “Ha. My handiwork.” He ran his cane lightly across Jeremy’s skin. “You want a reason? Okay. Consider it my last lesson. I did it all because that’s what evil people do. They act at random, regardless of reason or target. They do whatever they want to whomever they want.”
He pressed another button. The puppets crowded around Jeremy again, their cruel fingers pinching his flesh over and over, marking his skin. Jeremy screamed, helpless.
“You’re my friend,” Ed said over the screaming. “I’ve known you since we were kids. And, yes, you were an asshole. But that’s not why I did what I did. I did it because I felt like it… and because I don’t have morals getting in my way.”
He loomed over Jeremy, his face a blank slate. “I tried to tell you that there were barriers blocking your progress as a supervillain, Jer, but you never listened. You kept insisting that you had the right stuff. You were wrong. You’re too soft to be evil.”
The puppets pulled away, leaving Jeremy a quivering ruin on the couch. Ed brushed his creations aside and stooped over his friend, placing a hand on Jeremy’s shoulder. 
“Random, Jer. You need to be utterly random to be evil. You rely too much on schedules and second-guessing your decisions to be random. Thus, you’ll never, ever be like me.”
One, Ed’s largest puppet, loped out of Ed’s bedroom with The Puppetmaster’s regalia draped over its shoulder. Ed snatched the cape and tied it around his neck. “I’ve had your mother and your sisters transferred from the police to my own security forces… not that there’s much difference. If you want to save them, you’ll have to break into my fortress and take them back. Sounds kinda like a video game, doesn’t it?”
Jeremy shuddered. He couldn’t talk. He didn’t think he could ever move again.
Ed didn’t sound impressed. “Tisk. Some tough guy you are. Well, if you’re gonna lounge around like that, then I’ll have to impose a time limit. You have until tomorrow to come looking for mummsy and the bitch twins. Otherwise… well, you’ll get them back.” He paused. “Parts of them.”
Ed turned to leave. Before he walked out the door, however, one of his puppets tugged his cape. 
“Huh? Oh, right. Guess I don’t need that anymore. I’ll fix One at home.” Taking out his remote control, Ed pointed it at the door to his room and hit a button. “In a few minutes you’ll smell a fire in there, Jer. I’d get outta here while you can. See you tomorrow!”
Ed left. Not long after, the smell of old comic books and crumpled plastic, burning under intense heat, filled Jeremy’s nose. But he was too tired to get out, and too naked, and he decided he would rather just die. 

Jeremy Dreamed

that he was a kid again. Twelve, taller, never without an inhaler and interested in girls, but still a child. The proof lay in the stack of comic books he was reading with Ed, the two boys sitting cross-legged on Ed’s front porch.
Ed dropped the first bombshell of the day. “I think I don’t like Spider-Man.”
Jeremy gawked. He set his copy of that month’s Batman down. “What? Spider-Man? What’s wrong with Spider-Man?”
“I dunno.” Ed tossed The Amazing Spider-Man on his stack and stared at the sky. “Good guys are… blah. They’re not that interesting. And Spider-Man’s about as good as they get.”
“Well, yeah, but he’s cool!” Jeremy picked up the discarded comic and flipped through, looking for signs of a dull issue. There weren’t any. Spider-Man was fighting The Lizard. How could that be boring? “Just look at that outfit. I’d love an outfit like that.”
“Skin-tight? No way. I’d be embarrassed to run around in that getup.”
“Well, yeah.” Jeremy poked Ed’s gut. “Look at you. You’d snap the webbing if you tried to swing from one building to another. You need a cape and a cowl to hide all that fat.”
Ed flushed. “You’re a dick.”
“So what?” Jeremy held the front of the comic mockingly close to Ed’s face. “It’s Spider-Man! He’s awesome! He’s got webslingers and super strength and his senses thing! Why wouldn’t you wanna be Spider-Man? Everybody loves him.”
“Except me.”
“You don’t count. Eat your pudding, fat boy.” Jeremy shoved a spoonful of creamy chocolate into his own mouth. 
Ed punched Jeremy’s left arm. The boys glared at each other, Jeremy rubbing his sore spot, and a wrestling match ensued. By virtue of his size Ed had the upper hand, but Jeremy claimed victory at the end, and Ed, ever the sidekick, relented. It was easier than arguing for a win. Jeremy always won, or they didn’t play any games.
Flopped on the grass of the front lawn beside Ed, Jeremy watched black clouds floating by above. Distant rumbles announced the coming of a thunderstorm. They’d have to go inside soon. Jeremy wanted to look a bit longer, though, and he moulded the clouds into shapes in his mind.
The pain in his left arm always transformed them into chairs in the end, however.
He turned to Ed. The larger boy was staring at his father’s car. “Ed?”
“Yeah?”
“Did you tip my chair?”
“Huh?”
“Y’know. When I broke my arm that one time. Did you tip it?”
Ed rolled, fixing Jeremy with a harsh stare. He didn’t say anything. And Jeremy, upset at the answer he might get, instantly assumed that he was just wrong. Even though he knew he was right. Ed had tipped his chair.
He laughed. “You know, ‘cause you’re such an asshole. You don’t like superheroes, so you must be a bad guy or something.”
Ed cocked his eyebrow. Then he smiled. “Bad guy? They’re more interesting, anyway.”
“Pfft. No way. Good guys always beat the bad guys.”
Ed’s smile grew. Jeremy didn’t like it then, and now, watching it again through the hazy mists of an imperfect memory, liked it even less. “That so?”
There was more, but Jeremy couldn’t piece it together. His white space, home of painful memories, was too flooded with water to remember anything.

I Always Thought You Were A Bitch

Somebody dumped a bucket of water over Jeremy’s head. He was not at all pleased to be swimming back to consciousness on a wave of tap-born sludge, courtesy of Urban City’s terrible water treatment plants.
Peeling back his eyelids with supreme effort, Jeremy found himself in a vaguely familiar room. White, clinical, small… and apparently operated by a gruff male nurse, though said nurse now had a pronounced limp as he shambled past Jeremy’s bed.
Jeremy sat up. Someone pushed him back down. It was Bruce, the angry drug dealer from Jeremy’s second attempt at villainy. He was wearing an eye patch, and had a scar across part of his neck. He sneered at Jeremy but said nothing. Jeremy didn’t have the energy to sneer back.
Beside him stood Talia, as sharply dressed as ever. She regarded Jeremy with the same cold eyes as Bruce, though she smiled. “He’s awake. Apparently your method does work, Bruce.”
The bucket still dangling from his fingers, Bruce bowed and stepped away.
“What is this?” Jeremy croaked, grabbing for the sheets of his hospital bed. When he discovered they were just as wet as his head, he gave up and flopped back on his pillow. “Where am I?”
“You know where you are. We pulled you out of your apartment before it burned down. How do you feel?”
Jeremy snorted water out of his nose. “Like I just had fucking Niagara Falls poured on my head. I’m sore as hell, what do you expect?”
“True. There’s no point in niceties, I guess, so I’ll cut to the chase.” Talia looked at Bruce and the nurse, both of whom were watching Jeremy from the corner, and nodded. “We want you to kill The Puppetmaster.”
Jeremy laughed. “That some kinda joke? Or am I still dreaming and my subconscious is trying to punish me for fucking up?”
“No joke.”
“Sure sounds like one. You’re a shitty comedian.” Jeremy lay back on the wet mattress. “Wake me up when I’m dead. I’m too tired for anything else.”
Talia ripped the sheets off and grabbed Jeremy’s arm. “I’m serious. You need to kill him for us. He’s gone too far.”
“Like I didn’t know that already.”
“Fuck your problems, you emo little shit!” Talia clenched Jeremy’s skin. “He’s unstable. He just wants to destroy everything. We need to get rid of him, and we need you to do it.”
Jeremy pulled away. How the fuck did she know to grab my left arm? Did he tell her? That sick bastard.
Talia pointed to Bruce’s neck. “He did this. He tried to lop off Bruce’s head. The guy’s mute now. And missing an eye. Barely escaped. And him?” She stepped over to the nurse. “Fell in a fucking spiked pit. I don’t mind killing, but suffering? Too much.”
“You should have said that when you let somebody kill my father, you bitch. I want to put a knife through your head for that.”
Talia grimaced. “Er. Yeah. There’s not much point apologizing for that, but I can at least tell you that I had nothing to do with the decision.”
Jeremy sneered. He didn’t know if that was true or not. Though he’d seen The Puppetmaster cow Talia before, he’d also seen her talk down to him. Only a bit, but enough to suggest that she meant more to him than the average grunt. “I don’t know if that’s true or not.”
“Fine. You don’t trust me? Trust this instead.” Talia tossed a newspaper on Jeremy’s bed. “Go on. Read the headline.”
At first Jeremy wanted to ignore the paper, just to spite Talia. She’d never done him any favours. Hell, the first time they’d met she’d sat by and watched him get beaten mercilessly by Ed. But the size of the headline drew Jeremy’s attention, and soon he was staring at the massive words printed on the first page:

WORLD LEADERS HELD HOSTAGE IN URBAN CITY

Talia explained before Jeremy could read further. 
“Remember the upper levels of this building? How I said they were constantly filled with the social elite? The Puppetmaster decided to lose his fucking mind and quarantine the building after inviting a shitload of foreign dignitaries for a secret meeting. He has his sniper teams on all corners, and since the police are in his pocket they’re sticking close to their barricades. This has turned into a major international incident.”
Talia waited for a response. She was probably expecting surprise, outrage or fear. Jeremy gave her a glazed look that was better suited to a bored college student halfway through a three-hour lecture.
“So?”
Talia reared back as though she’d been punched. “So? What the fuck do you mean, so?”
“It’s a word. You didn’t think I meant sewing, did you? I guess that would be confusing for a woman.”
Talia slapped him. She proved more than strong enough to leave deep, burning fingerprints on Jeremy’s face, but the pain piled on the pain barely phased him. Her subsequent, screaming rant, however, was bad for his splitting headache.
“Listen to me and listen good, you little shit. If those leaders die, the world will go berserk. Countries will collapse. There will be civil wars. The very structure of society will tear itself apart. Things are fragile already with all the fucking superheroes and villains and whatever the fuck they want to call themselves running around every goddamned corner of the globe. I didn’t take business in school to see every financial market crash because investors are afraid of losing money, and this kind of situation can easily destabilize everything. The asshole is your friend, I think, and for some reason he won’t fucking kill you, so you have to get to him. You, you, you!”
The tirade ended with a fingernail digging into Jeremy’s chest. He hadn’t totally lost his glazed look, though the seriousness of the situation had impressed itself upon his belaboured brain. Enough so that he could, at least, create a compromise situation that would deal with one of his problems.
“My mom. My sisters.”
Talia pulled back. “What?”
“My family. Let them go and I’ll try. And give them back their money. All the money I stole.”
Talia hesitated. “Don’t you have access to that account? It was yours to use.”
Jeremy shook his head. “Nope. He never gave me a debit card or whatever. Too busy fucking with my life. You get me my family and their money and I’ll do it.”
Long seconds passed as they watched each other. Jeremy knew his face was set and serious, devoid of its previous fear. He didn’t really know fear anymore. It had been beaten out of him. Talia saw it, too, because eventually she just nodded.
“Okay. Good.” Jeremy narrowed his eyes. “So, uh, how am I supposed to kill him, exactly? My apartment got burned down, as far as I know, and I lost all my gear.”
Talia smirked and motioned to Bruce. He held out a duffel bag. “We still have your old costume. Was the only thing I could get, since The Puppetmaster locked down the shooting range. That, and…”  She reached inside her suit jacket and pulled out a small handgun. The same one The Puppetmaster had given Jeremy to kill Commander Bombastic. 
He raised an eyebrow. “Where’d you get that?”
“I knew you had an extra suit at your, uh, headquarters. We went looking. The Puppetmaster beat us there.” She eyed the gun. “Left this, though. Guess he figures he’s got enough of them.”
Jeremy stared at the gun. He’d never fired one before, unless you counted his cannons. They weren't the same. He accepted it quietly, staring at the polished finish.
“Right!” Talia clapped her hands. “We’ll give you as much support as possible, since he’s still got a lot of security guys under his thumb. It’s gonna be a hell of a fire fight. I’ll let you get dressed.” She left.
Rising slowly, Jeremy closed the door behind her, barely looking up from the gun. He was too enraptured by his reflection: one black eye, a split lip, what looked like a scar running along his throat. Had one of Ed’s little puppets tried to slash his throat? What a mercy that might have been.
Ugh. I look like shit. And I feel like I've been asleep for days, not a couple hours. Got so many fucking scars that they're piling on top of each other… be a wonder if mom can recognize me when I see her again… if I do.
Jeremy got dressed, pulling on the piecemeal armour Ed had built him, hefting the sock cannon with his good arm. It was fully loaded, though these socks were filled with small rocks and hunks of metal instead of beanbags. Talia really wanted to kill Ed.
Pulling his hood over his head, wondering what the hell was going to happen now – they were going to raid the building they were already in? – Dr. Sock stepped out into the hall and prepared to die. Again.

The Gang’s All Here

Talia, flanked by Bruce and the nurse, led Dr. Sock through the twisting corridors of the building, seemingly at random. Dr. Sock had never gotten the hang of The InfoCorp Building's dank recesses, and the fact that their army kept growing every time they took another turn left him even more disoriented. Had all these lackeys been hiding in the walls or something?
Once their numbers had swelled by almost two dozen – all of whom bore various war wounds, probably the fault of The Puppetmaster – Talia halted in an abandoned cafeteria. She sat on a table and inspected her troops.
“I’m a whore,” she started.
No one said anything. 
She nodded. “Good. I’m glad that won’t be an issue, because I’m also in charge. We’re going to murder The Puppetmaster. Any objections?”
None. Dr. Sock wondered if this crowd was collectively mute; they all looked ashen and clamp-jawed, clenching their guns and lead pipes and various other weapons with a peculiar lack of fear. They didn’t seem alive anymore. Dr. Sock supposed he looked the same way, however. How many lives had Ed ruined? 
“Also good. I’ve been watching the security cams, and it looks as though The Puppetmaster’s penned up in his usual spot, three levels down from here, while his guards keep the dignitaries under wraps. That seems too straightforward for his style, however, and I think something else is going on.”
No comment. These guys are pretty obedient for criminals, Dr. Sock thought. “Why do you think that?”
Talia rolled her eyes. “I’m glad somebody asked. Main reason: he’s just sitting there, watching his monitors. I haven’t seen him move more than a few inches in the last hour. The Puppetmaster isn’t big on staying still – he likes to fidget.”
Ed? Always on the move? Well, it was true that The Puppetmaster seldom stayed still, but Ed… when they were kids Ed routinely refused to move during fire drills at school, let alone away from his video games on an average night. But Talia knew The Puppetmaster, so…
“I think The Puppetmaster has taken his mask off and is hiding somewhere in the top parts of the building, along with everyone else. Since none of us have ever seen his face, that seems pretty logical to me.”
“What?” Dr. Sock couldn’t help himself. “You’ve boffed the guy but you’ve never seen his face?”
Talia ignored the jab at her character. “He’s paranoid. Never taken his mask off around me before. I have no idea who he is.”
But that didn’t make sense. How could Talia have known to send men to rescue Dr. Sock from his apartment if she hadn’t know that he was roommates with her employer? How could she not know what Ed looked like?
“You have some objections, doctor?”
He did. He wondered if this might be another trick, a ruse to make Dr. Sock’s life even more hellish. But he waved the comment away and pretended to look embarrassed. 
Talia sneered, but continued anyway. “Whatever. Point is, you know his face. So my guys are gonna spread out on the upper floors and cover the guard positions, getting ready to move, while you and I check the cameras for The Puppetmaster. He’s paranoid as hell, so we should have every angle covered.”
This also didn’t make sense. She wanted Dr. Sock to kill The Puppetmaster. So why take him to a camera room far removed from the action? The situation stank.
Talia dismissed her troops, and they ran off towards the elevators. As soon as they were gone and Dr. Sock was alone with Talia, he levelled his gun at her.

You're Not Alone

She didn’t seem surprised. “This isn’t the best time for backstabbing.”
Dr. Sock waved the gun. “Agreed. So what’s his game, then? I go in the camera room and discover it’s filled with all those thugs you sent away, ready to beat the crap out of me? Or are you gonna seduce me once we’re alone and somehow humiliate me while he watches? For all I know the whole kidnapping thing is a fucking ruse. I’m not falling for his shit again.”
Talia sighed. “Yeah. He’s got you paranoid, all right. Did a real job on you. Didn’t take him long, either.” She hopped off the table, raised her hands and softened her face. “For what it’s worth, this is real. Trust me.”
“Why should I?”
“Because he’ll kill your family if you don’t? I know him. Hell, you should know him by now. He doesn’t give a crap about anyone but himself.”
“Yeah.” She sounded sincere. The tip of Dr. Sock’s gun wavered. It did not, however, drop. “Yeah, he doesn’t. That’s why I can’t trust you. Only person I can trust is myself.”
Talia laughed harshly. “You might not even be able to go that far. I’ve seen what he does to people. He manipulates. He can make you into your own worst enemy. That’s what he did to me.”
“To you?”
Talia’s shoulders hunched, and a dark cloud passed over her face. “I wasn’t always some evil bitch prostitute. I just wanted to get into a business and start climbing the ladder. Maybe start one of my own. Had the credentials and the knowhow… but I couldn’t land a job.” She brushed her hair back wistfully. “Until I met him.”
Dr. Sock wasn’t sure if this was the best time for mournful reminiscence, but Talia seemed to be on a roll. 
“He called me in for a job interview. As soon as I saw that fucking mask I knew I was in trouble, but… he offered so much money…” She clenched her fist. “I had to take it. I was living in a shitty little one bedroom apartment, working at a laundromat… but for me to move up, I had to… the things he made me do were…”
“Sexual?” Dr. Sock hadn’t known his roommate to be overtly deviant, but he’d also never asked about Ed’s sexual preferences, so-
“No!” Talia growled. “Not the fucking sex! Jesus. Goddamned pervert. No, he… he twisted what I did, made me make decisions… just small ones at first, but eventually… worked his way up, and people got… I had to order people killed… got people killed, and… and he’d keep me up all night sometimes, torturing me with… horrible sounds… after a year, he.. my brother....” The rage disappeared, replaced by anguish. “Just because I was too scared to say no, I had to…”
Dr. Sock recoiled, feeling a pang of sympathy, perhaps even empathy, for this woman. She’d endured Ed’s cruelty for a lot longer than poor Jeremy Jeremiah. Her pain stood out in her narrowed posture, shining past the anger lines on her face. She was the real deal.
“We only got to sex because I knew I could use it to calm him down. A bit. Maybe even make him trust me.” She shuddered. “I figured it might… save the rest of my family. They’re still alive so I guess it worked.”
Talia’s no different than me. Not really. “I’m sorry.”
“I don’t need your apologies!” Talia’s head snapped up. “I just want the son of a bitch dead. You hear me? And only you can fucking do it, because he’s… got safeguards on the rest of us. But you can do it. So put the goddamned gun away, consider turning the fucking safety off next time and follow me.”
She stormed out of the cafeteria. Fiddling with his gun, Dr. Sock tapped the safety switch and followed. He didn’t know whether he should trust Talia’s word or not – she could be as twisted as her boss, and a good liar to boot – but he had no choice.
The mention of safeguards, however, made Dr. Sock very worried indeed.

Peek-a-boo!

Talia led Dr. Sock to a vast security room, filled with dozens of colour displays. Each bank of screens was labelled with a different room number, and three men rotated throughout the room at intervals, checking the monitors.
They stopped when Talia entered. She shot one of them. The other two cowered. She tied them up with extension cords and stowed them in a closet.
“Why’d you shoot this one?” Dr. Sock asked, tapping the man’s motionless body with the tip of his cannon. It disturbed him that the sight of a dead body didn’t bother him much anymore. Would all of these repressed problems come gushing out on a psychiatrist’s couch in a few years?
“Habit.”
“And the other two?”
“Haven’t talked to ‘em. Can’t trust ‘em. What’s The Puppetmaster look like without that fucking mask?”
“Oh. Uh…” Images of Ed’s smirking face floated, unwanted, into Dr. Sock’s head. He forced himself to endure the mocking stare. “Portly. A little under six feet tall. Messy black hair, a goatee, puffy face. Beady eyes.”
“I knew the fat part, at least.” Talia coughed and pointed to a bank of computers on the opposite side of the room. “All right. You start over there, on the ground floor. I’ll start from the top. Check the screens thoroughly, and don’t look away from a screen until the camera has done a complete rotation. I’ll let my guys know what he looks like.” She pulled her wireless tablet from her pocket and sent out a description.
The search began, and after checking less than a dozen monitors Dr. Sock knew that the headline on the paper had been truthful. The building lobby was completely blocked off by barricades and gun-toting thugs, and cameras outside the building revealed a massive force of police officers. None of them seemed to be doing anything, however, besides keeping civilians and camera crews at a safe distance. How long would it be before a major military force intervened?
Dr. Sock still couldn’t fathom Ed’s motives. What did he stand to gain from all this? If everything Dr. Sock had seen rang true, The Puppetmaster was a major player. If he’d remained safely underground he could have spread his influence on an international scale. Hell, he already had, if he was keeping world leaders hostage.
“Where are the leaders being held?” he yelled to Talia. “Should we try to save ‘em?”
She shook her head. “I think they’re in with everyone else. Hard to tell. We’ll save them by stopping The Puppetmaster, so focus on finding the fat tub of shit. Get back to work.”
A tense hour later, they still hadn’t located The Puppetmaster. Dr. Sock’s eyes stung from the glare of television screens, but he pressed on. Too many people here were familiar for him to be bored, most of them celebrities in one sphere of influence or another, all of them huddled in groups and keeping quiet as gunmen prowled around them. He couldn’t believe how many men Ed had employed to generate this hostage situation.
Talia rubbed her forehead in annoyance. “Jesus. Maybe I was wrong. None of my men have reported back yet. Where the hell is he? Not in his office…”
Dr. Sock shrugged. “He could be anywhere. He does use robot puppets, after all. He can do things remotely.”
“Yeah…” Talia frowned. “Which means we’ve wasted an hour. Not that I really know what he wants with all these people, other than sparking panic. We could have days to follow through on our plan. Still, though… if he’s not here, how the hell do we find him?”
Slumping back in his rolling chair, Dr. Sock considered the problem. Ed wasn’t going to be found if he didn’t want to be found, and since he hadn’t sent some robotic messenger or sent a letter or transmitted his voice over a goddamned speaker, then he presumably wanted to keep –
Wait. A goddamned speaker? A two-way speaker, maybe? 
Patting down his costume, Dr. Sock stripped his cloak and hood off, tossing them on the floor. Next came the chest plate of Dr. Sock’s armour. Naked from the waist up, Dr. Sock flipped the plate around, searching.
“What the fuck are you doing? Did you lose your mind?”
Dr. Sock shushed Talia, his fingers coming to rest on a small, black button on the inside of the plate. Next to it was a flat speaker, set against the inside of the armour, and as soon as he touched the button the speaker started to emit hushed conversation.
“- told you coming here was a bad idea.”
“Yeah, well, sue me. We got invited. It’s the place to be, they said. So here we are.”
“In the middle of a fucking hostage situation, yeah. Nobody even wanted to talk to us. I wanted to keep recording, but no, you had to-“
“Shut the fuck up!” a voice interjected, and the speaker blatted out the harsh notes of rustling clothes. Dr. Sock pushed the button again to cut off the feedback.
Talia raised an eyebrow. “What the hell was that?”
Dr. Sock knew. He recognized the voices. “That’s Edwin and Edwin. They’re a band. Kinda. The Puppetmaster loves ‘em. He must have invited them here.” He lifted the breastplate. “And he must be right near them, ‘cause I used to talk to him through this piece of crap.”

He’s A Musical Man

Dr. Sock hadn’t recognized either Edwin over the security feeds, so he gave Talia another description to transmit to her men as he pored over the monitors she’d checked. It only took a few minutes to spot the gangly musicians, stuck near a huge window on the sixtieth floor. Not far from them sat a rotund businessman, his head covered in matted blonde hair. He didn’t look like Ed, but he also didn’t speak, so it was probably a mask.
“Son of a bitch. That’s him. I’d know that waistline anywhere.” Dr. Sock cringed. “Er, you know. Because it squashed my couch.”
Talia smirked. “Whatever. Ready to shoot his ass?”
Dr. Sock nodded, feeling the weight of the gun in his pocket. He hadn’t been able to kill Commander Bombastic, but this… this he figured he could do. For his father. For a world that would be better off without the cancer that was Ed, even if that cancer had shared his pudding with Dr. Sock for years. “How should we do this? He might escape if we kick up a ruckus. I bet he has exits hidden all over the place. Probably picked that floor for a reason.”
“Yeah…” Talia tapped her teeth nervously. “Well. Let’s see. Where is he?”
They consulted a digital layout of the building on one of the computers. Ed appeared to be as far from the stairs or the elevators as possible, with dozens of hostages and guards littering the hallways between the entrance point and the pretend captive. Dr. Sock couldn’t help but marvel at the sheer number of guests Ed had jammed into his building.
“What’s on that floor? Can you check?”
Talia smirked. “Don’t have to. The sixtieth floor is actually three different floors merged into one. That’s where he entertains his ‘special’ guests most of the time… meaning people who have actually heard the name ‘The Puppetmaster’. There’s a huge observation window overlooking the city up there, as well as a bunch of little lounges and serving areas for holding parties. Wide open. You run up there, you’ll probably get shredded.”
Dr. Sock checked the map again. She was right. The number of guards on the floor made going up a risky venture indeed. Judging by the cameras a lot of people from lower floors had been corralled on the sixtieth, so it was especially crowded. The potential for innocent injuries was significant.
“Could we gas the place or something? Knock everybody out?”
“What, gas the guy who wears a gas mask?”
“Well he doesn’t have one on right now!”
“I know, it was just funny.” Talia shook her head. “My guys don’t have gas grenades, and if he has any kind of ventilation system installed in the walls I don’t know how to operate it. The Puppetmaster always kept the technical aspects of this place a secret. I think he likes his employees as paranoid as he always is.”
That didn’t sound like Ed. He’d been cautious, yes, but not really paranoid. All things considered, though, did Dr. Sock really know Ed anymore? Had he ever known the real Ed, the Ed that could tip chairs and kill fathers?
Well. The Puppetmaster still apparently liked Edwin and Edwin. And last time Dr. Sock had seen him, Ed was busy eating pudding and playing video games, as usual. And, true to Ed, he’d made more than one of his creations. Just like Dr. Sock’s cannon. Just because he could.
More than one.
“You said the shooting range was closed. I can’t get at my old gear. Right?”
“Yeah. So?”
“But this place has an R&D section. I’ve seen it. I’m sure that’s where all that stuff got developed.”
“Yeah. And all of it was stuck in that shooting range so he could close it down in case you went, er, crazy.” Talia shrugged. “I guess he plans for everything.”
Dr. Sock hefted his cannon. “He does. Always. Just like he always has backups. Ed always has fucking backups somewhere.”
“Ed?”
“Get me to R&D, quick. We need to find some spares.”
Though the shooting range was locked most of the R&D labs still sat open, most of them abandoned. The technicians must have fled, though Dr. Sock didn’t know where. Perhaps to the car pools to steal one of The Puppetmaster’s many four-door vehicles, or simply to a deep corner of the installation where they could hide and wait out the situation above.
But they left their gadgets behind. And though he didn’t find an extra cannon or bullets for machine guns, Dr. Sock did discover a backpack that looked awfully familiar.

Obligatory Romance

Jeremy had only been hang gliding once. He’d hated it. There was nothing fun about riding the wind hundreds of feet above the Earth, praying for solid, safe ground. He’d refused to look down, a near-deadly mistake when his glider had skimmed the top of a tree on landing.
Now he was atop another building, a factory warehouse, so far from his target that he couldn’t see the legions of police standing around the base of the InfoCorp Building, with a soon-to-be glider on his back. And he had no interest in turning it on, despite the fact that he really had no choice. He brushed the controls on the straps of the backpack nervously.
Talia skittered away. “Jesus, don’t touch that while I’m near you. This whole thing is fucking crazy, you know that, right?”
“Of course I know!” Dr. Sock snapped, staring at his feet. They were touching ground. He liked the ground. He would have preferred to stay on the ground. But now… now he needed the air. The air was the easiest way to get to Ed without alerting him.
Ed was sitting near a window. A big window. The biggest window in the building.
“You’re probably gonna get yourself killed.”
Dr. Sock gulped. “Yeah. That’s a possibility. Ironic, that…” His words trailed off.
“What’s ironic?”
He shook his head. “Nothing. I don’t know what the word means. Just an easy way to sound smart.”
Talia stepped up beside Dr. Sock and tested his backpack for stability. It fit snugly over his shoulders. No chance of slipping off. “I’ve been meaning to say it for a while, but you look fucking stupid in that getup.”
Dr. Sock laughed. “Yeah. I know. I think I’ll retire after this.”
“Good idea.”
They stared at each other, Talia’s fingers lightly brushing his chest. Dr. Sock felt the odd compulsion to slide his mask down, to take this woman in his arms and kiss her as the sun dropped in the background. This broken, vulnerable woman, a tragedy wrapped in anger.
He stepped forward and touched her chin. He’d seen it in movies a thousand times. Now she would swoon.
Or not. Talia grabbed his nether regions, and hard. She twisted.. “Don’t get all doe-eyed, you fucker. This isn’t a romantic moment. I’m not the leading lady who sees the light. Once The Puppetmaster’s gone, I’m taking over his organization. Or what’s left. So just fuck off and put your mind on your task. Capiche?”
Dr. Sock gritted his teeth and almost doubled over in pain. “C… capi… please let go…”
She did. Dr. Sock stumbled away, straightening in relief, and as the pain subsided he made the incredible mistake of slapping his free hand against the buttons on his straps. 

Whoops

The micro rockets in the backpack emerged, ignited and blasted Dr. Sock into the air. Talia barely managed to jump out of the way, as the takeoff hadn’t lasted longer than a few seconds
But he didn’t care about her. Or the pain in his balls. Or even the need for revenge on Ed for killing his father. No, at this point Dr. Sock’s only concern was survival, as he was now zipping into the sky with a glider unfolding from his backpack and a pair of engines licking his backside with heat, determined to take him into space.
Dr. Sock would have screamed, but his voice was wedged somewhere in the back of his throat. Instead, he reflected on the absurdity of his earlier belief that his fears had all been killed. This was just a different kind of fear, the kind that could probably reduce even the sturdiest action star to tears.
Agh. Where's my puffer?
Were it not for his determination to die in some other manner than slamming into the ground at an insane velocity, Dr. Sock probably would have fainted. He managed to fight past the darkness tugging at his vision, however, and though the momentum threatened to peel his fingers away from his hand Dr. Sock hit the ignition button again, hoping it would shut off.
Christ, he thought in a moment of panic, what if that makes me go faster? Will the rocket things burn the glider? Who the hell would design something like this? 
The engines sputtered and died, and so did Dr. Sock’s upward momentum. This time, fortunately, he managed to not hit both buttons at once, and so the wings of his glider remained where they were, whole and unburned. With a horrifying lurch of his stomach, Dr. Sock let himself fall forward, and in moments he was flying horizontally.
Not that horizontal flight proved less terrifying for the doctor. It just meant he could vomit without getting any on his uniform. And since he hadn’t eaten anything substantial in longer than he could remember, the city was mostly showered in processed water.
Thinking back to his mother’s hang gliding lessons – she’d always been the family daredevil, forcing her kids to sample death-defying stunts – Dr. Sock tried to relax, to balance himself by stretching his legs so they wouldn’t flail helplessly in midair. If he squirmed too much he could tilt the glider, and that was the last thing he needed. Fortunately, the wings proved quite stable.
Now he just needed to get to the building in the distance. And go through the window. And not drop the sock cannon on the way. Dr. Sock was amazed that he’d managed to hold on to the thing with one hand – between his fevered grip and the sweat on his hand, the handle seemed stuck to his palm.
Contrary to his crazed ascent, the flight to the building proved relaxingly slow. Dr. Sock might have enjoyed himself if he’d been only a few feet off the ground. Knowing where he was going, not to mention what was below him, however, robbed the experience of its charm.
Dr. Sock wondered if flying superheroes felt this nervous their first time up. Probably. Knowing that super powers would take you skyward again was doubtless comforting, however.
The building, its innards shaded by the setting sun, loomed in the distance, growing by the second. Taking a deep breath, refusing to look down at the streets that were doubtless packed with police, protestors and other problems, Dr. Sock cradled his cannon in both arms. He wanted to get off at least three shots to make sure the glass broke, because if it didn’t he’d just hit the side and slide to his doom like an idiot.
I’m already an idiot, Dr. Sock decided. I must be to do something like this. What happened to the mild-mannered, failed English student who sold t-shirts to normal people? Why the hell did I think becoming a supervillain would be a good idea?
The glare of the sun disappeared behind a building. Gritting his teeth, holding his cannon tightly in both arms, Dr. Sock reviewed the plan. As soon as they spotted the glider, Talia’s men would set off the sprinklers on the sixtieth floor. Soon after they would burst in with guns and exchange fire in the confusion, aiming high to avoid the civilians. 
Then, seconds later, Dr. Sock would come through the window, pull out his handgun and shoot Ed. Game over.
So many things could go wrong. Somebody who didn’t deserve a bullet could get shot. The sprinklers could refuse to work. The guards on Ed’s side could somehow get tipped off and be ready. Worse, they could simply be better than Talia’s men. Ed could even perform some minor deviance from the plan, such as moving to a different spot on the floor before Dr. Sock arrived, and ruin everything.
Or the glider could be aimed too low. And at a stretch of concrete wall.
Oh jesus. The glider’s aimed too low.
Jeremy panicked, and in his panic he pulled the trigger of his cannon. It sent him spiralling out of control as a sock exploded against the building. The glider upended. Still holding the cannon, Dr. Sock screamed as he whirled upside down, wondering how the hell he’d rationalized firing a heavy cannon from a light, possibly experimental glider and somehow staying on track
Then he noticed the ground, still far off, and saw no police blockades. Weird detail, that, but given the circumstances a small one.

The Big Entrance

Dr. Sock did not die. He did not get hurt, unless peeing one’s self constitutes injury. He did, however, receive a rather nasty surprise when a man in blue leather caught him somewhere near the twenty-second floor.
Still screaming, Dr. Sock would have vomited in the face of his rescuer had he not already emptied his stomach upon the city. The beaming smile that greeted him, not to mention sparkling eyes almost totally shrouded by a mask, didn’t look as though it would have minded a bit.
“Well met, citizen!” the man said, shaking Dr. Sock’s hand and nearly dropping his cargo. They soared higher, back up the side of the building. “Or are you another hero like me? Of course! You must have gotten the message as well! I’ll just take you inside with me. We’ll thwart the villains and save the day together! Hold your weapon close, now! Clarion Corsair hooooo!”
Dr. Sock knew the name. He’d watched enough television. The Clarion Corsair was a superhero, and judging by his tight-fitting uniform with tinted yellow goggles he hadn’t based his appearance on his name. That did not stop the man, however, from soaring up to the sixtieth floor and hovering happily in front of the massive window.
“Zounds!” he cried. “There are innocents everywhere! Let us enter, my friend, and save them all!”
They hovered. The guards hadn’t seen them, though fearful onlookers peered through the glass in wonder.
Still shaken, Dr. Sock bit his lip. “Um. Are… are we going?”
The Corsair grinned. “Of course! But I want you to have the honours, friend. It’s only fair, since I robbed you of your entrance! Incredible, by the way. Such style.”
“Oh.” Dr. Sock puckered his lips, vaguely embarrassed at the pee warming his leg. “Um. Okay. Thanks?”
“Not a problem. Go on!”
Shaking his confusion away, Dr. Sock pointed his cannon at the window, ready to fire.
Then the windows exploded outward anyway, and a horrible scream filled Dr. Sock’s ears, and The Clarion Corsair dropped him inside and vanished. The doctor was vaguely aware of the smashing of glass all around him, the windows in every part of the building shaking to pieces.
And rumbling. Explosions. Calls to heroism. Water falling from the ceiling. Gunfire. Too much for Dr. Sock to process at one time. So instead he focused on his task, and his task was sitting only a few feet away, face frozen in mute surprise. Which made sense, since the face was nothing more than a mask.
“Ed!” Dr. Sock howled, staggering to his feet, fumbling for the gun in his pocket.
Ed didn’t waste time. Tearing the largely immobile rubber off his face he threw the mask at Dr. Sock, adding his wig for good measure. Then he ran, nearly tripping over the legs of Edwin and Edwin.
Knocking the projectiles aside, Dr. Sock lifted the gun and pulled the trigger. It clicked and did nothing. Cursing, he hit the safety switch and sighted Ed again, but his target had already disappeared around a corner. Swearing loudly, Dr. Sock ran after him, broken glass crunching in his armour. 

Follow That Overweight Fellow

Ed’s arm disappeared down another corridor. Dr. Sock fired and missed, the bullet tearing a chunk out of a clamshell wall lamp. The same happened at the next bend, though this time Dr. Sock’s bullet left a hole in a door.
“Face me, you fucking coward!” Dr. Sock roared, wondering how Ed was keeping the lead. He was no track star. He’d consistently failed gym class. Sheer adrenaline must have been pushing his legs to the limit. Hadn’t he been limping?
Explosions rocked the hallways behind Dr. Sock. The bangs of guns going off filled the hallways, eclipsing the hissing spray of water from above. Talia and her men were certainly pulling off their part of the plan, regardless of any safeguards Ed may have possessed. Perhaps he needed to get somewhere to set them off? Why the hell hadn’t Talia just told Dr. Sock what Ed could do to stop her plans?
Doesn’t matter. Dr. Sock took another shot. A window shattered. Doesn’t matter. Catch the asshole and nothing matters.
Barely keeping his balance, Dr. Sock followed Ed into an expansive sitting room, now soaked by the sprinklers. Ed vanished behind a large wingtip chair, one of the wings flying off under the force of Dr. Sock’s bullets –
- and as Dr. Sock changed his aim to take another shot, one of Ed’s puppets smacked the gun away. It clattered behind a bookcase.
Dr. Sock recognized the puppet as One, the creature that had probably played The Puppetmaster during many of their ‘lessons’. One fell upon Dr. Sock, its spindly limbs flying out of its cloak and pinning his arms to the ground, the tip of its mask smacking his blurred goggles.
As Dr. Sock struggled against the strong robotic limbs, Ed laughed. “That you, Jer? Lookin’ for revenge? One hell of an entrance, buddy!”
“I’m going to fucking murder you!” Dr. Sock screamed. He reared back and smacked his head against One’s gas mask. The puppet reeled, then snapped forward and returned the favour. Dr. Sock saw stars.
“I’m sure.” Emerging from his hiding place, his suit drenched by the falling water, Ed stood beside his puppet and grinned. “Well, you came. I’ll give you that. I suppose now I can give you the satisfaction of watching your family die.”
Dr. Sock ground his teeth, putting every bit of energy he had into forcing the puppet away. The pain of his body from the last two weeks of suffering had taken its toll, however, and the exhaustion piled into his muscles, weakening him. There was no way out. “You… said…”
“What?” Ed leaned in close, leering. “That I’d let them go? I changed my mind. Evil, remember? That’s kinda what evil people do. We redefine relationships. You should expect the unexpected by now, Jer.”
Dr. Sock bit his lip, tasting blood. One’s skeletal arms and legs were pushing Dr. Sock into the soggy carpet. He couldn’t move at all.
Except his finger. The finger still resting against the trigger in his sock cannon.
“Yeah,” he groaned, “and so should you.”
The sock, filled with a small hunk of concrete and fired at full speed, blasted out of the cannon and tore through Ed’s shoe. Shrieking in surprise as his foot exploded, Ed fell – and when One turned to stare at its fallen master, Dr. Sock wrenched his arm free and pointed the cannon at the puppet’s head.
“I’ve always fucking hated puppets,” he growled, and fired. The sock took One’s head off, scattering pieces of the robot across the room. One slumped, its arms still twitching and grasping, caught between attacking its enemy and helping its master. Dr. Sock pushed it off.
Breathing hard, almost blinded by falling water, Dr. Sock ripped his goggles, mask and hood away. Now he was just Jeremy, Jeremy with a big fucking gun and a lifetime of anger, staring at his best friend as he struggled to crawl across the room.
Ed, panting hard, staring at his bloody mess of a foot, smiled. “Way to go, Jer. You’ve… agh, jesus…. you’ve finally gotten back at me.”
“Not quite.” Jeremy stalked towards Ed, stopped and stomped the remains of the foot. Ed howled and tried to push Jeremy off, but another shot from the sock cannon ripped through his left thigh. 
Jeremy pointed the cannon at Ed’s head. “This is for my dad, you son of a bitch.”
But before he could pull the trigger Jeremy realized that Ed’s hand was in his pocket, and seconds later a flurry of smaller Puppetmasters launched themselves from hiding spots around the room, grappling Jeremy and throwing his aim off. The sock went high, tearing a chair to pieces. Jeremy yelled, tossing the cannon and struggling to push the puppets off his back.
“Nice try, Jer!” Ed screamed. “I’ll see you in a bit, buddy!”
Fingers tore into Jeremy’s flesh like massive mosquitoes seeking to gorge on his blood. Jeremy flung them away. One puppet tried to crawl up his leg. He pushed it down and stomped its head. The last went for his genitals. Jeremy caught its head between his thighs, grabbed his cannon again and, releasing the puppet, blasted it to pieces. The rest retreated, following their master as he retreated across the floor.
Jeremy fired at them as they skittered into the rear of the room, blowing each one to pieces, realizing that a door had opened in the back wall, revealing a dark, dry corridor filled with piping. 
That bastard, he had an escape route after all. Ugh. My stomach hurts.

Labyrinthine

Jeremy blasted another puppet and pursued. The door slid shut behind him, plunging the corridor into darkness. The sounds from the outside world, the explosions and the screams and the gunfire, all faded away.
Somewhere in the darkness, accompanied by the taps of tiny feet on plating, Ed laughed. “Welcome to my secret labyrinth, Jer. A bit dark for your tastes? I hope so.”
Jeremy fired the cannon again. One of the pipes ahead burst, venting steam.
“Be… careful in here, Jer,” Ed chided, his words pained. “If you shoot the wrong thing you’ll set the whole building on fire. Then what will… happen to those poor world leaders?”
Jeremy hesitated. He had no huge love of the dark, even less now that he had no flashlight. 
“Doesn’t this remind you of the dump, Jer?” Ed’s voice faded as he inched deeper into the labyrinth, somehow moving without light. “That was quite a night. Retarded, too. I can’t believe you wanted to dip yourself in toxic ooze… though why turn down a friend’s request, especially when you can tip off that friend about the ooze in the first place?”
Jeremy got the implication. “I guess you arranged for those two drug dealers to talk in the store too, then, eh?”
“Bingo!” Ed coughed. “I arranged a lot of things. I arranged it all. You wanted to become a supervillain and I gave you the chance. Shame you wasted the opportunities.”
Jeremy fumbled down the corridor, enraged, feeling his way to the end by brushing the pipes with his free hand. “All you did was fuck with me, Ed! You used me! Now it’s my turn to fuck with you! I’m gonna make you hurt before the end!”
Ed didn’t reply. Jeremy plowed onward, turning right at the next bend, hoping he’d found the path. Nothing stopped him, but the sound of tinkling puppet feet continued to fade into the distance. Ed probably intended for Jeremy to get lost in here and never come out again. Jeremy swore aloud, frustrated at the lack of light and the pain in his tired, bloody legs.
“Annoyed, Jer?”
“Fucking pissed, Ed!”
Chuckling. “Shame you don’t have any of that cool shit I made for you as The Puppetmaster. Like those goggles that can see in the dark. Would’ve come in real handy. Hell, you could’ve tracked my blood trail, like you should probably be doing now, you stupid bastard!”
Jeremy stopped, stooped and touched the ground at the next intersection. He didn’t feel any blood beyond that staining his own clothes. The only wet spots here were puddles of water, seeping off his boots. He swore again, calling Ed every name he could remember from his English classes.
Ed didn’t mind. Though still faint, his voice burned with gleeful sarcasm. “Don’t worry, Jer, you’ll come out on the other end eventually. All paths lead to the way out. I just wanted some time to prepare. Ciao!” 
A door slid shut somewhere in the labyrinth. Ed had escaped. Jeremy continued his bitter tirade, stumbling in the dark.

And In The Dark

Jeremy thought of all the ways he could kill Ed, though none of them were satisfying enough. Jeremy wasn’t quite so evil as to wish the worst of tortures on the torturer himself.
Though potentially crippling one of his legs was a good start.
Goddammit, he thought, these pipes are sticky. 

My Best Friend

When Jeremy emerged from the labyrinth more than twenty minutes later, his face dripping with sweat from the intense heat and his own exhaustion, lungs burning from a mild asthma attack, he flopped down on a decades-old Indian rug. Had he known the value of the rug, he might not have chosen to bleed on it.
Given its owner, though, he might have.
He was in a study. Lit by old lanterns fitted with contemporary LEDs, the study was crammed with books, stacks of video games, a massive television, a bank of computers and heaps of pizza boxes. It looked like Ed’s room back home, only Ed’s room as created by a millionaire. The man couldn’t live anywhere without messing it up.
Ed sat in a battered armchair near a large, fake fireplace. Beside him, tied to his own chair, drooped an unconscious Commander Bombastic. Tiny puppets crouched at their feet, watching Jeremy as they swayed to the music of Edwin and Edwin playing softly in the background.
Jeremy spat as he stumbled into the room. “You never… could clean up for guests, you asshole.”
Ed, looking down at the bandages covering his ruined foot, nodded. “True. But it’s not like we had many guests. You sucked at getting girls, and I… well, I was busy.”
“Yeah.” Jeremy tried to lift his cannon, but it seemed impossibly heavy. Considering it was filled with rocks, he wasn’t surprised. He let it fall. “Busy. I never knew… why, but I guess I can figure it out.”
“What can I say? I always wanted to be the bad guy. Shame you insisted otherwise.” Slapping at a nearby desk, Ed grabbed an unmarked envelope and handed it to one of his puppets. The chittering creature climbed up Commander Bombastic’s leg and slipped the envelope into the side of his mask.
Jeremy staggered as the building around them rocked, falling onto one knee. “What the… what the hell’s that for? And why’s he still here? And what the… fuck is going on? I want f… fucking answers, Ed, before I put a… a s-sock in your brain.”
Ed half smiled. “That’s such a weird thing to say, Jer.”
Jeremy tiredly returned the smile. “I know. It’ll… be ironic that the head of a major criminal empire is killed… by something as… lame as a sock.”
Ed raised an eyebrow to that, tapping his chin. Then, pursing his lips, he nodded. “Yeah, I guess that’s close enough to irony. You’re moving up in the world, Jer. And you fit it in with the original intent of Dr. Sock! I should applaud you.”
“Oh… yeah? Why don’t you, then?”
Ed pointed at his foot. “You blew off my fucking toes, that’s why. I’m still kinda pissed.”
Jeremy shrugged. He dropped his cannon. It was too heavy. “Yeah… well, it’s what I felt like doing, so… enjoy limping for the rest of your life, you goddamned psychopath… not that… it’ll be long…”
“Oh, how I wish I had my cane. I’d beat your head in.” Ed sat back in his chair, wincing. “As for your questions, Commander Bombastic is my ace in the hole. I’d planned on using him to torture you a bit more, but now I think I’ll use him to get out. Him and the rest of his superhero kin.”
Another explosion. The building rocked as though caught in an earthquake. Jeremy glanced at the ceiling as a flake of concrete bounced off his hair. “They’re… they're all here, aren’t they?”
“Yeah. As many as I could convince to come.” Ed tapped Commander Bombastic’s arm. “It sounded like a good idea at the time. And funny as hell. Tell them all that a bunch of world leaders are being held captive and see what they do. Turns out they’re wrecking this whole place, destroying everything I’ve built. The one that smashed all the windows when you came flying in was The Screamer. Unoriginal.”
Jeremy gripped the rug beneath him and started to crawl. He caught the sock cannon with one foot and did his best to drag it along. He still needed a weapon, even if he was too sore to carry it. “You don’t… seem to mind that they’re trashing… your building.”
Ed shrugged. “Meh. Stability is boring. I prefer chaos. I can always start over. I still have half the city in my pocket. And my ace in the hole, pardon the cliché.” He patted Bombastic. “Speaking of which, open that letter when this is over. It’s for you.”
“Gee, thanks… because… the rest were worth reading.” Jeremy grunted and propped himself up with his elbows, glaring at Ed. “How’s this… supposed to end?”
Ed shrugged. Pulling his puppet remote out of his pocket he pressed a button, and one of them scurried off. It came back with a pudding cup. Ed dipped his fingers into the cup. “Mmm. Butterscotch. My favourite. You never bought butterscotch, you cheap bastard.”
“Well maybe… you should have gone shopping… every now and then!”
“I was busy.”
“Doing what? Taking… taking over the underworld?”
“Well, yeah.” Ed licked a dollop of pudding from his thumb. “That and getting achievements. You know how long some of those take? I was glued to the TV for hours.”
“Fuck video games!” Jeremy spat, fighting past his asthma for confidence. “And fuck this little… domestic squabble! This isn’t the… apartment, Ed! S-shit has happened and you… you are dead to me, so answer my question! How the… how the fuck is this supposed to end?”
Licking the last of the pudding out of his cup, Ed tossed it aside. He pressed a button on his remote again, and the puppet ran off to fetch another pudding cup. “It ends with you waking up in a bloody hospital bed. I’ll be long gone, and the commander here… well, he’ll probably be dead. But that depends on what you do next.”
Touching his cannon with the tips of his toes, Jeremy kicked it towards his hand. He had to grab it. He had to end this before Ed could start his next scheme. Jeremy knew one was coming, could tell by Ed’s tone of voice. It reeked of the hissing tones of The Puppetmaster. “Oh… oh yeah?”
“Yes.” Ed dug into his second pudding cup. Then he frowned and dumped the cup on the puppet’s head. “Chocolate? Get me butterscotch, you little bitch. I need to work on their programming, I guess…”
Jeremy stretched for the cannon. He could prop it under his chin or something. Even if the recoil caught him in the chest and sent his asthma into overdrive. As long as he shot Ed.
“Anyway. Yes. You have three options, Jer.” Ed held up a finger. “One. You do as I always wanted and shoot Commander Bombastic. Do that and I’ll let your family go. He still knows who you are, so that’s ideal for all parties concerned. Except the commander, I guess.”
Jeremy strained for the cannon.
Ed held up another finger. “Two. You shoot me. Satisfying for you, though if I die, so does your family. I have your mom and your sisters in a special chamber keyed to my vital signs. If I go kaput, they get gassed. Good for the world, maybe, but for you…?”
Jeremy bit his lip. Real threat or not, that was a nasty thought. “Y-you’re a son of a bitch.”
Ed waved one finger in disapproval. “I resent that. My mother was an angel. You always loved her hamburgers.”
“She… used too many onions.”
“Yeah, I know. Gave me heartburn. Still tasty, though.”
I’ll give you heartburn, asshole. Jeremy slowly nudged the cannon towards his waiting fingers. He didn’t care if Ed saw it or not. The bastard dictator couldn’t leave his seat with his mangled foot. “And… what’s the third option?”
Ed shrugged. “Do nothing, I guess. Or shoot yourself. Suicide right now is probably not a terrible choice, given the shambles of your life. Father dead, mother and sisters imprisoned, apartment burned down… and yes, it is burned down… though you could always restart with that pretty nest egg you stole from your daddy’s business a few days ago. Want the debit card? It’s here somewhere.”
Jeremy laughed, spitting up blood. “Don’t be so f… fucking confident, Ed. You’re not… the only one with friends.”
Ed smirked. “Oh, you mean Talia? Yeah, I knew she was gonna betray me. She’s been broken for so long that I was worried she might never try to take over. This whole thing is as much for her benefit as yours.”
Shit. He knows. That might not change anything, but… “And what does… that mean, exactly?”
“Well… I won’t say too much. I can at least tell you that Talia’s a much more fragile woman than you think. Sitting on the edge, as it were.” Ed patted one of his puppets. “For starters, she’s leading an army of fakes. None of her men belong to her.”
Jeremy wheezed, his eyes bulging. That couldn’t be true. At the same time, however, it was completely true: he’d not seen any of them speak since joining Talia’s little revolution. The scar on Bruce’s neck hinted at a wound that was more than sufficient for decapitating the drug dealer.
Ed grinned. “And no, she doesn’t know. Her mind is fucked, Jer. She doesn’t notice a lot of things. I more or less let her stage this coup just to see how she’d do. Now, though… now I think we’re done playing around. It’s time for me to leave.”
He stamped his good foot. “So choose. You’ve almost got your gun there. I won’t move. What’s it gonna be? Shoot me? Shoot the commander? Or do nothing?”
I don’t know, thought Jeremy. I don’t know. No matter what, somebody’s going to die. And though I do want somebody dead, the son of a bitch that’s staring at me, I can’t lose my family. But Bombastic… I can’t shoot him, either. So what?
If only I could reach him. If only I could reach that smug asshole and steal everything from him. If only my arms were a mile longer, I could give him a giant bear hug, one so strong that his head would pop off. If only I could do a thousand different things to make him suffer.
Jeremy reached out one arm, as if symbolizing his desire to grab his nemesis. To throttle the breath from his neck. To steal the fucking controller in his hand and crush it, so at least Ed couldn’t use those goddamned puppets anymore. Jeremy fucking hated puppets.
Ed laughed. “What the christ are you… wait-“
I’ll show you. The leader always wins.
His body tingling, arm still outstretched, his mind almost blank despite the sheer number of thoughts coursing through his synapses, Jeremy barely registered the cannon sliding into his hand of its own accord. Or the bits of discarded tinfoil, leftovers of sloppy dinners, bouncing slowly towards his body. Or the television, its screen twisting and contorting as it flickered on and off.
All he saw was Ed’s face. Not sarcastic, not angry, not vengeful. For once, totally surprised, as the controller he was holding flew out of his hands, whirled across the room like a shuriken and attached itself to Jeremy’s palm. Without bothering to think Jeremy squeezed down on the metal, and the controller folded in on itself like paper. 
Jeremy twitched. He felt as though he’d just licked a dozen batteries, the copper taste on his tongue seeping throughout his body and sparking a cascade of convulsions. He wanted to go to sleep, to avoid this disgusting sensation.
His arm, energized by the revulsion, brought the sock cannon around and pointed it at Ed’s chest. “I… I don’t… don’t choose… anything,” he sputtered, drool flying out of his mouth. “Sc… school’s out…”
Another explosion, much closer. The cannon flew out of Jeremy’s hand, and his strength fled again. The disgusting energy seeping through his pores disappeared, and Jeremy slumped. The last thing he saw was Ed’s astonished expression, and that made Jeremy very happy indeed.

Jeremy Was Tired Of Dreams And Memories

so he didn’t dream, or remember. Until he woke up, Jeremy sat in his white space and played Solitaire. He lost twelve games before he won, and once he’d laid down the last king, his eyes opened.

Ed’s Cruelty

For the third time in two weeks, Jeremy woke up in a hospital room. This time, however, his bed was not pristine white, but a horrible, blood-stained red. Most of the blood, he immediately realized as he kicked the sheets aside, was days old. Maybe weeks. And perhaps not his own.
Jeremy was tired of waking up in fucked-up medical facilities. By all appearances, however, this was a normal hospital – indeed, Jeremy could tell from a peek out the window that he was in the hospital near his parents’ house. 
Then Jeremy saw the poster on the wall. It bore the following message in a cheerful, rounded font, surrounded by smiling clouds:

DON JEREMIAH
DIED IN THIS ROOM
JEREMY JEREMIAH
WAS REBORN IN THIS ROOM

And this, Jeremy realized, was the exact spot where his father had died. And these sheets must have been his sheets, and this blood was his father’s blood. 
The white space of his mind was no longer big enough to contain Jeremy’s misery. He howled, curled up on the floor in a ball and sobbed, only dimly aware that someone else was in the room with him, watching him from a chair in the corner. Jeremy didn’t give two shits if this person was judging him for being unmanly.
The man said nothing. Given the cruelty of the prank, Jeremy at first wondered if this was Ed, ready to finish the job of breaking Jeremy’s mind. He’d obviously set up this hospital room for just that, and Ed had proven himself more than cruel enough to want a front row seat for the inevitable breakdown. But Jeremy’s tear-stained peripheral vision, though blurry, registered the man as far too muscular to be Ed.
Jeremy peered at the stranger through the tangle of his arms. Commander Bombastic, or whomever Bombastic was in his normal life, looked back at him.
“Hi,” the hero said timidly. He had his knees together, his hands arranged carefully on his lap. He looked like an old woman on the bus. “I’m sorry. I wanted to change the sheets, but nobody would let me. Not until you woke up. I think he paid them all off in advance.”
Jeremy felt like retching. Money could persuade hospital staff to keep bloody sheets? And to put new patients on those same sheets? What was wrong with the world?
Bombastic rose and ripped the sheets off the bed. Within seconds they were blazing in his hands, all signs of crusted red enveloped by a flash of bright orange. How he did it Jeremy couldn’t tell, though he had a good guess.
“I… I thought you bounced around. And stuff.” Jeremy sniffed, trying to push his emotions back into the white space. Bombastic’s actions helped. A little.
Bombastic shrugged. He opened the window, letting fresh air and sunlight into the room, and scattered the burning blankets. They turned to ashes on the wind. “When you shot me… or whatever you did… you burned out my old powers. While The Puppetmaster had me captured, my powers changed. Now I create fire. It’s not the worst trade in the world.”
Jeremy wiped the tears from his face and crawled, climbing onto another chair. He refused to look back at the bed. He half wished Bombastic would set it on fire, too. “Why?”
Bombastic didn’t respond. Instead, he turned to a small television set hanging from the ceiling and turned it on. The news channel gave his answer: more destruction caused by superheroes. This time they’d levelled a major building in city central, and not for any reason police could fathom.
They watched the news for a moment, then Bombastic shut the TV off. “I couldn’t control my other powers so well. Fire… fire’s actually pretty easy by comparison.” A tiny spark appeared on the tip of his index finger, and he danced it across his hands, watching the flame.
The InfoCorp Building. Duh. But that didn’t give enough of an answer. Jeremy needed more. “I don’t understand. Why… why did the news say the building was destroyed for no reason? The world leaders-“
“There were no world leaders.” Bombastic rubbed his temples. “It was faked. The Puppetmaster told me all about his plans. Had me cooped up in that room for days after I got caught.” Bombastic snorted. “Such a slob. He wouldn’t even let cleaners in to tidy. Trash everywhere.”
Jeremy’s lip trembled. That didn’t make sense. He’d seen video clips of the protestors outside. He’d seen all of the dignitaries, huddled together and scared. Hell, he’d seen them all before, joking and laughing, before this entire mess had started. And the musicians-
He paused. “What happened to Edwin and Edwin?”
Bombastic grimaced. “I don’t know. I think he might have had them killed in the big firefight, though. He kept saying that their new music was crap, and they needed to stop making their latest disc.”
Jesus. Ed didn’t like their new stuff so he made sure they got killed? What a sick bastard. Jeremy made a mental note to watch the news for mention of their disappearance. "Then, if it was fake, who were all those people…?"
"Puppets."
"What?"
"Puppets. Robots. Whatever. They were all fakes. He told me that he has hundreds of the things. His techs have been making them for months, following his original specs. He must have an army by now… though I guess a lot of them got trashed by the superheroes showing up at his building." Bombastic bit his lip. "I dunno what he has planned, but it can't be good."
Jeremy slicked his hair back, cringing at the greasy feel. Everything was wrong, everything had gone wrong. Ed had played them all until the very end, manipulating Jeremy, Talia, Bombastic and the rest of the superheroes. He’d earned the name The Puppetmaster, that was for sure.
But something had gone wrong for Ed, as well, something he hadn’t planned. The something that had destroyed Ed’s remote control for his puppets. It hadn’t stopped his plan to further torture Jeremy, but it had caught the bastard off guard. What had happened? Jeremy had vague recollections of a remote flying into his hand… and various other bits of metal sliding towards him…
And sickness. Ugh. Vile sickness in more than just his stomach. Jeremy heaved, the phantom taste of battery acid flooding his taste buds.
Withdrawing into his own world, Jeremy didn’t notice that Bombastic was holding out an envelope. “Here. This is for you. He stuck it in my mask. I woke up with it still in there.”
“Oh.” Jeremy accepted the envelope. “Were you put in this hospital too?”
“Yeah. Down the hall. I guess he owns it. That’s a scary thought.”
Jeremy shivered. Yes, yes it was. He tore the envelope open and unfolded the contents:

Jer,

I had a great time at our last meeting. Everything went as planned, and now your mind is more fucked than ever. Well, here’s some small comfort: I never had your mom and sisters under my protection. I sent them off on a little vacation in the Bahamas. You would’ve known if you hadn’t deleted your phone messages.
Your dad is still dead, though. And your money’s gone. You’ll have to explain that to your mom when she gets home. Have fun.
Your lessons are complete. I hope I thoroughly dissuaded you from becoming a villain. I already took that spot. I also hope I taught you what a real-life villain is like. That way, when next we meet, you won’t act like you’re in some fucking comic book. I know I won’t.
I need a rival. Don’t let me down.

The Puppetmaster

Puzzled, Jeremy let the letter fall into his lap. Relieved, a little horrified that his mother didn’t know that his father was dead, but mostly puzzled. Ed needed a rival? What the hell did that mean?
Bombastic sat on the edge of the bed, his legs still clamped together. “May I read that?”
Considering the man’s former attitude and his superhero name, Jeremy found Bombastic’s manners surprising. Ed must really have drugged Bombastic to the gills each day. “Uh. Yeah, sure, go ahead.”
Bombastic read the letter, propping a pair of beaten spectacles on his broad nose. “Um. Huh. Yeah, that sounds like him.” He looked up. “I’m sorry I didn’t say anything about your family before. I, ah, kept getting beaten up to the point where I could barely talk. Really missed my old kinetic field.”
Jeremy waved that away. He couldn’t blame Bombastic for anything. Dr. Sock was responsible for landing his nemesis in Ed’s loving hands. “Do you know what he means, though?”

The Rest

He turned to Ed. The larger boy was staring at his father’s car. “Ed?”
“Yeah?”
“Did you tip my chair?”
“Huh?”
“Y’know. When I broke my arm that one time. Did you tip it?”
Ed rolled, fixing Jeremy with a harsh stare. He didn’t say anything. And Jeremy, upset at the answer he might get, instantly assumed that he was just wrong. Even though he knew he was right. Ed had tipped his chair.
He laughed. “You know, ‘cause you’re such an asshole. You don’t like superheroes, so you must be a bad guy or something.”
Ed cocked his eyebrow. Then he smiled. “Bad guy? They’re more interesting, anyway.”
“Pfft. No way. Good guys always beat the bad guys.”
Ed’s smile grew. Jeremy didn’t like it then, and now, watching it again through the hazy mists of an imperfect memory, liked it even less. “That so?”
“Yeah. Totally. You ever seen a comic where the good guy didn’t win in the end?”
Ed scratched his chin. “Well. Bad guys do win sometimes.”
“Yeah, but the good guys always put them in their place eventually. Face it, dummy, good guys are the winners.”
The edges of Ed’s grin flipped up into diabolical angles. “Then maybe we should make a comic where the bad guy wins for once. And if I’m the bad guy…”

And Jeremy Said

Bombastic took a deep breath, staring out the window and twiddling his thumbs. “Yeah. He told me a dozen times. He wanted to turn you into a hero.”
But Jeremy didn’t hear Bombastic. He’d zoned out, remembrance smacking him in the face with the force of a truck. “I’m the leader, so I get to win.” He gently pointed a thumb into his chest, half of his mind still stuck in his teens. “So if the villain wins in this comic, that means I’m the bad guy.”
“Huh?”
Jeremy shook his head and reached instinctively for his inhaler on the bedside table. What he’d remembered was nothing to tell a stranger, even if Bombastic had saved Jeremy some mental anguish. What could he say to explain that, in some twisted, egotistical and utterly innocent way, he’d helped create their worst nightmare?
He changed the subject. The how of Ed’s transformation didn’t matter. “It can’t be a coincidence that he stuck you here, too. Why are you still alive?”
“I’d like to think it’s because I’m just lucky. But I know that’s not true.” Bombastic met Jeremy’s eyes with his own. He looked nervous, as though this wasn’t something he did often. “He wants me to teach you. To be your partner. So we can go after him and try to stop him.”
“Stop him? Why the hell would he want us to stop him?”
Bombastic shrugged. Jeremy had an answer, though: because Ed thought it would be fun. What’s the point of being a successful villain – and Ed had more or less proven that he was – without a few heroes to jam up the works? Especially since Ed had a city full of self-proclaimed, doped-up supervillains to throw at his nemeses?
“I can’t be a superhero.” Jeremy tucked himself into a ball, cradling his knees. “I've done bad stuff. Besides, I don’t have my outfit anymore, or weapons, or –“
Bombastic smiled sadly. “You have something else. Same as me. I watched you, just before you conked out and the building came down. You did something. Do you remember?”
The battery acid danced on Jeremy’s tongue. He suppressed the urge to vomit. He didn’t want to feel that again, it was too nauseating. Even if it could do something to the metal around him.
But he had to kill Ed.
Jeremy grimaced. “I guess that dip into toxic goo actually did the trick.”
Bombastic stuck out his tongue. “Toxic goo? Ew. That sucks. Not how I got started at all.”
As depressed as he was, Jeremy still felt a spark of interest for this tidbit of information. There wasn’t a sane person in the world who hadn’t, at least once, wondered where the super powers came from. “How’d it go for you?”
“Not much to say. Woke up one day in my bathtub. I’d smashed through the wall when I turned over in bed.”
Jeremy cringed. “Ow. That must have hurt.”
“Nope, not at all.” Bombastic touched Jeremy’s hand. “But I did need to practice. A lot. It was hard to control. The same goes for you – when I first came in, you had a spoon stuck to your head. You still have the imprint.”
Wincing, Jeremy touched his forehead, searching for the tiny divot. He found it. “Ugh. That’s great. Are we, ah, sure that’s what it is, though? Some kind of… well… you know?”
“Only one way to find out.” Reaching into his pocket, Bombastic pulled out the spoon. Something had pinched the scoop backward. “Try to take this from my hand.”
“How?”
“I dunno. How’d you do what you did yesterday?”
It wasn’t difficult to remember, since to Jeremy’s reckoning everything had only happened about an hour ago. “I just wanted the remote. So it came to me.”
Bombastic held up the spoon. “Well, I guess you should want this, too. Give it a try.”
Two weeks ago, if he’d had any hint of powers, Jeremy would have jumped at the chance to use them, even if it meant feeling sick. He would have willed the spoon into his hands in an instant. But two weeks ago he was still living with Ed in a crappy little apartment, the desire to run around in a hood and goggles stealing money a bright dream on the horizon. 
Now he’d lived the dream. It was horrible.
So instead, Jeremy pictured the scoop on the spoon as Ed’s head. He wanted Ed badly, he wanted to shove him on a pike and make him pay for what he’d done. Ed was his goal, his dream, his overriding purpose in life. That sarcastic, sadistic fat bastard.
Ed. Stop smiling at me, you fucker.
The spoon came to Jeremy in a tight whirl, slapping onto his cheek and knocking his head against the wall. He doubled over, overcome with nausea.
Bombastic jumped out of his chair. “Gah! I’m sorry! I couldn’t hold on! Are you okay?”
Jeremy didn’t want the spoon anymore. It remained staunchly stuck to his cheek, however, rising and falling as he breathed hard against the sickness in his limbs. “G… great. This is great. I must look like… like an idiot.”
Bombastic smiled and tilted Jeremy’s chin for an inspection. “Heh. It’s not that bad. You are looking pretty grey now, though… you want me to call a nurse…?”
“No.” Jeremy glanced at the bed. He curled back into a ball. “I think I’m just gonna sleep it off. If, ah, you… don’t mind…”
Bombastic patted Jeremy’s head. “Yeah. I get it. I’m pretty tired, too… and bruised to hell. Could use a sleep.” He looked at the poster on the wall. “We owe that guy a lot, don’t we?”
Tugging at the spoon, Jeremy nodded. “You have no idea, man.”
Standing, Bombastic ripped the poster down and crushed the frail paper, setting it on fire. It turned to ashes and, like the blankets, sailed out the window. Jeremy watched the ashes curl in the blue, ragged claws of black and orange that vanished like smoke.
Bombastic held out his hand. “My name’s Michael, by the way. Mike. You’re Jer, right?” He grinned. “Or would you prefer Dr. Sock?”
Jeremy stared at Mike’s hand, not sure what to say. He should have said ‘Yeah, I’m Jer. Jeremy. Don’t call me Dr. Sock, I’m out of this costumed business. I’m not going to be your partner, and I don’t want to shake your hand because you might set me on fire. Superheroes are fucking crazy, and I’m not crazy like that anymore. When I leave this hospital I’m probably going to hop on a plane with my family and leave town forever. The Bahamas sounds pretty sweet right now.”
But his father demanded better than that.
Jeremy took Mike’s hand and shook it. “Jeremy. But I guess you should call me Captain Sock from now on.”

###

About The Author

Matt Bird is a Canadian-born author bent on taking over the world. When he's not breaking his wrists writing on his laptop, he's usually playing video games, reading or watching movies. Sometimes he even goes outside.

Connect With Me Online
Twitter: http://twitter.com/ - !/MattWritesStuff
Smashwords: http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/mattbird
My Blogging Network: http://tehoddity.blogspot.com/
