The Sons of Liberty
By James Tow
Copyright 2011 James Tow
Smashwords Edition
I crept over the rocks in an attempt to startle him. I perched over the last couple of rocks that stood in my way and looked down. He sat there, watching each wave crash upon the shore. I pressed my hand over my mouth to suppress my severe giggling. I was failing for my body started shaking. It’s now or never.
I grabbed the bottom of my dress and positioned myself to pop-up. I took one last peek. I slowly peered over the rocks to see him looking to his right with a big grin on his face.
Crap! And I ducked back down. I can never catch him off guard. Then I heard footstep coming from the right.
I heard him laugh under his breath and call out, “Watch your step!” Curious, I slowly peeked to see his brother stumbling over a few rocks.
I lowered my head and turned over on my back to look at the sky. Not a cloud in sight.
“Beautiful day,” Paul said as I heard him shuffle over to a seat next to Gabriel.
Gabriel takes a deep breath and said, “Yup. One of those ‘feel good’ days. Especially since you’re graduating.”
I could only hear the sound of the water washing up on shore. I always assumed Paul couldn’t wait to go to college, but now that doesn’t seem the case judging from his silence.
“It’s going to be high school all over again: school, work, school, work. I keep thinking…I can go the same route you took,” Paul said.
“You don’t want that,” Gabriel murmured before Paul could go on.
“Why not? Every time I see you, you’re so happy.” Gabriel sat there silent. I sat up a little, concerned that my husband to be isn’t as happy as he seems.
Paul continued, “You have a beautiful fiancé, you love your job…”
“I never said I wasn’t happy,” Gabriel murmured as Paul went on.
“You just seem perfectly content with no regrets.”
Silence again. Only, I can feel Gabriel smiling. “She is beautiful isn’t she?” Gabriel said. They both laughed.
“I am very happy,” Gabriel said. I slouched in relief.
“See?” Paul pressed, “So why would you not want me to do as you did?”
“Because you’re capable of so much more than I am,” Gabriel stated. Paul stuttered in trying to find his words.
Gabriel continued, “You have the capacity to do great things, Paul. A man of your caliber can only be so.” His words echoed over the crashing waves. Paul sat in silence. I turned around and peeked over to see his response. They both sat there, looking at the horizon. Gabriel grabbed Paul’s shoulder and said, “I’m proud of you. But that doesn’t mean you stop.” Paul nodded and Gabriel let go of his shoulder to pull out a cigar and some matches from his pocket.
“Though…” Gabriel started as he was lighting the cigar, “you’re pretty damn ugly. So I’m sure you’ll be single the rest of your life.” Paul slugged him in the arm and they both laughed. “What?!” Gabriel exclaimed. “If my dog was as ugly as you, I’d shave his butt and make him walk backwards.” They continued to laugh. I shook my head and plugged my nose.
“Dad would kill you if he found out you were smoking Cubans without him,” Paul said.
“She doesn’t like the smell,” Gabriel explained. I smiled and turned back over as the smoke burned my eyes.
“On another note, I do have regrets for things I have done. And those who say they don’t are liars,” Gabriel said. “And those who say not to dwell on your past are wrong.”
“With the past, I have nothing to do; nor with the future. I live now.” Paul quoted.
“Ah, though I agree with the individualist on several other ideas, not with this,” Gabriel replied. “Say you were racing through the woods and the finish line was coming up. You and another runner were neck-and-neck and you came up to a forked road. He went right and you went left. The left trail ended up being a dead end and the other runner won.” Gabriel paused and let this sink into Paul.
“You can’t say you don’t regret your decision for going left because it caused you to lose. And when that same race comes around next year, you know where to go because of the past. Those who don’t learn from their past, who don’t regret the decisions that made them dead last, are losers. And those losers are useless and are only a waste of the limited space we have.”
Paul shifted his weight and seemed to take this in with a grain of salt.
“Your past is the bond that holds the pieces of your individuality together, and makes you the weapon that you are today.” Paul didn’t say anything. I turned over to see him squinting out into the distance.
“What kind of a weapon are you? And how long will that bond last?” Gabriel added and Paul nodded in approval.
As Gabriel’s words rang through my ears, I wondered if he thought I was…useful.
“Well…” Paul started, “I wouldn’t be in that situation because I would have followed the other guy to eliminate the possibility of him choosing the right path and me choosing the wrong path.”
“Nice,” Gabriel said.
“What would you have done?” Paul asked. “What if you chose the wrong path?”
Gabriel sat on his rock, smoked his cigar, and contemplated. “I would run through the trees,” Gabriel said. I laughed and shook my head.
“You can’t do that,” Paul scoffed.
“Who says you have to follow the paths?” Gabriel retorted. “In this case, it would only set you back, am I right?” Paul shook his head in disbelief just as I was.
“There’s always the other option,” Gabriel said.
“What’s that?”
“Break the other runner’s legs.”
Anna
“I’m sorry Miss. Hound, but can you turn that down?” She said this with a pained expression. She must be working on something. The pencil was a twisting yellow blur in her hand with a pile of papers under her nose. I figured maybe it was the bass or the singer’s high pitch style that annoyed her. I doubt this is her ideal Thursday night. The professors here probably offered extra credit points for the students who sat through this lecture.
I smile, “Of course. I’m sorry, but I was just getting in ‘the zone.’” I couldn’t help but laugh at myself.
I now know most of these kids are here for the extra credit. It’s easy picking out those who want to be here from those who are here on orders. Most of the younger group sat sideways, in their desks, or sat looking behind them to talk to their neighbors. Based on their body language and reactions I presumptively put together their conversations:
 “Last night was great.” 
“Did you hear what happened?”
“This is boring.”
Those who seem full of interest (most of them older) have notebooks open with pencils at the ready, and are staring intently at me. Others have laptops open with fingers in position. It is a bit unnerving, but I’m glad they’re interested.
I noticed the auditorium appeared much larger with the seats occupied. I know it seats a thousand people, but it appears to hold twice that from my point of view. There were approximately two-hundred and fifty students diagonally to my left and right and five-hundred students directly in front of me. The auditorium’s ceiling reaches impressive heights, as it should, with the seats at such a slope. The seats themselves look comfortable. They were wrapped in red velvet with armrests and a small wooden platform that slides up and over to create a convenient desk. As I continued to gaze around the massive room, I noticed the clock; only five minutes until show time.
I can’t seem to think of a way to break the ice and start my lecture. Should I do a one-clapper and say ‘Alright gang!’ or a ‘Settle down, now’ with my arms up and palms down motioning downward like some new hip dance?
All the while, I’m telling myself not to look at the man sitting right in front of me—blatantly ogling. He’s wearing that silly half-smile and carries the familiar aroma of confidence. The man then shifts his weight and sits forward in his desk. Leaning on his elbows he continues to stare, still wearing the half-smile. I force a smile back, and he then winks at me. Who the hell winks? Pathetic really. Flattering, but pathetic.
“So, how’re you Mizz Hound?” he said in a sly trying-to-be seductive voice. Frantically trying to get out of the situation I say, “Alright guys!” and do a double-clapper. That…was lame, but relieving. I would do anything to get out of a colloquy with Mr. Rapist.
“Cut the chatter!” I quickly shouted and waited for them to turn down the hullabaloo. Only then could I proceed, “What do you all know about The Sons of Liberty?” Quickly, a young girl from the middle raps out, “The Sons of Liberty is a world policing organiza--” Another girl, from the left section, cuts her off, “That’s only legend. I seriously doubt anybody would let such an organization have so much power.”
 I raise my eyebrows at her and say, “So who or what do you think they are?”
She replies, “I don’t think they exist. I believe the so-called ‘Sons’ are a myth brought up by resistance fighters of the War.”
A tall, lanky, gray-haired man from the top right of the auditorium, clearly a professor, responds, “Nicole, I thought we made it clear, in class just now, that they did in fact exist.” Several giggles echoed throughout the auditorium. The girl, Nicole, then says with a scrunched face, as if she smelt something foul, “Just because I read it in a book doesn’t mean it’s true. Besides, I don’t like the idea that war mongers are still in power. It’s those who wanted war that brought the world in its state of chaos, so I doubt it’s the same mindset that got us out.” Several students seemed to consider and accept her response.
Just before I continued, the auditorium doors opened. The sound echoed through the room and caused nearly everyone to look toward the back. An older man examined the auditorium as all of its inhabitants stared back. He had short graying brown hair and was dressed plainly in khakis and a white tee shirt. But I’m sure most of the crowd kept staring because of the many protruding scars on his arms and the massive scar on the left side of his face—looking as if he once lost his cheek, found it, and sewed it back on inside-out.
I smiled and got back on track as fast as I could, “Well…more specifically, what do any of you know about the origins of this ‘Brotherhood?’”
After few seconds had passed a young man, in the middle of the middle section, raised his hand. I made eye contact with him and smiled—a simple motion for him to proceed. He cleared his throat, “Hi, I’m Jake.” He then continued, “I’m familiar with two different theories, but I believe one to be more believable than the other.” I cocked my head to the side waiting for him to resume.
“Well, why don’t you share with what you believe more likely?” I suggested.
“I know of General Roy and Alyse Hound,” he started.  People twisted in their seats to get a clearer look at Jake as he tried to find his words. Curiosity swam through the atmosphere. I’m always surprised by the lack of knowledge on the subject.
He then preceded, “I believe General Roy and Alyse Hound were the leaders of the strongest rising faction at the time, called ‘St. Andrews Liberation Front.’ They frequently traveled, recruited, and grew massive numbers and eventually changed their name to ‘The Sons of Liberty.’” Most of the crowd continued to scribble Jake’s words on paper. I noticed the other half of the class gazing at me through narrowed eyes and cocked heads just waiting for my reaction.
Jake’s theory was close; just a couple of real names in incorrect circumstances. “Soo close Jake,” I said with a smile. “But, no cigar I’m afraid.” I began to pace back and forth before adding, “So Jake let’s hear your other theory.”
Jake didn’t like the spotlight. He hesitated for a second, “General Christopher Roy and Paul Reed?” he said with an upward inflection that suggested he wasn’t so sure about himself anymore. The crowd was still shifting around due to their curiosity.
I smiled and shook my head, “Again Jake, close. I want earlier than ‘General Roy.’”
When I said this, the scarred old man laughed. “Gabriel Reed,” he said. His deep voice echoed through the auditorium.
I stood there, nodding, while letting them soak up the information. I continued even though my spectators had eyes of skepticism. “The roaming Reed brothers, who were not much older than you are now, grew legendary with their countless victories over The Army of the Apocalypse. Their heroism and bravery inspired many, and paved the way for rising factions like The St. Andrew Liberation Front whom Jake previously mentioned...”
“I’m sorry…” a man in the middle of the middle section started. “But the Reed brothers are just a myth.  A myth started by the people—of that era—who needed saviors, heroes, or anything that would give them hope. And the legend of the brothers did exactly that.” Several people agreed with this man.
I’ve heard this one, many times. And like the times before, when somebody mentions this, I freeze with annoyance. His ignorance amazes me. I could only motion for the projectionist to do his part. He was sitting up on a balcony, behind the listeners, next to the projector. Once he turned it on, the enormous picture of Gabriel and Paul Reed appeared on the giant screen behind me.
My favorite picture of them; the brothers stood in front of their famous flag: black with ‘Sons of Liberty’ sewed in large white letters, along the top in an arch, a white sun in the center, and ‘This is where we fight’ sewed in small white letters at the bottom. Gabriel stood to the left of the flag, while Paul was on the right. They were unmistakably brothers: same height, same lean muscular build, similar facial features. Though Paul was of fair skin with brown hair and hazel eyes, Gabriel was of a darker complexion, black hair and brown eyes. Gabriel stood with his hands in the pockets of his black cargo pants, wearing a gray tank top and a half-smile showing his dimples, complete with tired eyes. Paul was wearing the same thing, only a white tank top. Paul had his arm wrapped around Gabriel’s shoulders, and was showing his teeth through a wide smile.
“They’re one in the same,” one might say by looking in the picture. And they wouldn’t be far off. By appearance, they were brothers. By blood, they were brothers. By spirit, they were brothers. Yet they were still so different. Two warriors, fighting for the same side, but standing in different corners…
“Gabriel and Paul,” I announced indicating to the brothers. I heard someone in the crowd yell, “How old were they?”
Anyone who glanced at the photo would assume Gabriel was older. His prominent brow, his strict posture, and his intense gaze made it obvious. Not to mention the severe scars that covered his arms, and the shining dog tags that lay around his neck.
“In the photo, Gabriel is twenty-six and Paul is twenty-four,” I explained. This information sparked a flutter of conversations and gasps. No doubt, they expected a couple of geezers.
“For those who haven’t realized yet, I’m here to inform you of their story.” I was glad to see that most of the students now looked alert and ready for the story I was going to share with them.
“And so it goes…”
Anger
1. Preparation
I bit into the peel, to start my indulgence before the hell to follow. With this orange, I reach my ultimate relaxing state—my high. The peel’s extract squirts in my mouth, and burns the fresh cuts lining the inside of my cheek.
The bastard of a Russian got one lucky punch. If I hadn’t been too worried about how Paul was managing his guy, the Russian pig wouldn’t have gotten so lucky. This is beside the point. His one lucky punch ruined my orange. My high—disintegrated.
This annoys me…
Like thinking something is going to be one thing and it turns out to be something else entirely.
Like a splitting headache on Christmas morning. 
A blister on your foot while walking through Disney World.
Objects, both physical and mental, that is associated with the defining moments throughout our lives.
At least the aroma of the orange drowns the repulsive smell of the uniforms Paul and I are wearing. Do these Russian soldiers bathe? The stench we now carried is similar to that of an old Men’s gas-station restroom; the ones that never seemed to be taken care of. Where the toilet seat is crusted with brown and yellow discolorations, the faucet looks as if it carries six different diseases, puddles of old piss covering the floor, and where people would rather use their fingers than the convenient toilet paper.
Paul broke my concentration from the rotten smell. He was still weaving and head-bobbing to the ridiculous music flowing out of the hand-held radio he held close to his ear. He looked me and grinned.
“This ain’t that bad.” I leaned over and smacked the radio out of his hands, and he scowled at me.
“You’ll expose us.” I groaned.
He laughed mockingly, “I doubt me dancing to some music is the least of our worries—considering we look nothing like Russians…they all look like robots. They’re probably Terminators. And we can’t speak a word of their language.”
“Look…” I pressed, “Federov is right in front of us, so at least act like you know what you’re doing. This is big. Bigger than anything we’ve done before.”
“Chill Gabriel,” he said reassuringly. “We’re naturals at this. It’s like the Big Man Upstairs himself approves of our actions. We got this!” he backhanded my shoulder playfully.
Sergei Federov, one of the three leaders of The Army of the Apocalypse, brought massive numbers in soldiers and equipment, like this Russian Tiger we were riding in now. You can’t go anywhere without seeing a group of Red Army soldiers, in their ugly amoeba camouflage, wreaking havoc.
The only other leader of ‘The Army’ that I knew of was Matthew Pollick. The notorious five star general of the U.S. Army. I’ve never seen the man in person. Only on T.V. when he’s promising to end the war on terror or giving some other speech on how he’ll ‘save’ us. Nobody would have guessed he was referring to his own countrymen while saying ‘terrorists.’ He was charismatic, and could have been President someday, but I never understood how he gained American supporters for his cause. His followers were more mercenaries than soldiers.
The third leader has remained anonymous to Paul and me for the years that The Army has reigned. I’ve only heard stories about him and his origins; stories ranging from him being of British descent to Hitler’s reincarnation. The Nazi story is more believable; not so much the reincarnation part though. And I’ve heard it from several sources. Either way, the villains who remain in the shadows are always the worst.
Project Apocalypse ruined everything. I can’t help but think how life would be today if they never became the power they are today. I would be happily married, two kids, a big…FOCUS! I yelled at myself.
I must concentrate on the task at hand. It was only twenty minutes or so until we hit the fork in the path that would act as our getaway trail through this massive Sahara desert. Thanks to the map left behind in the Tiger by the duo of Russian soldiers we raided last night, Paul and I found out ‘we’ are supposed to escort Sergei Federov to an unknown location in the Sahara desert. Five other desert camouflaged Tigers, beside ourselves, accompany Federov. There are three in front and three behind the Russian, all traveling in a straight line. Luckily, we were right behind the black Mercedes that transported ole’ Sergei.
It was like winning the lottery. As soon as Paul and I fled the States for while—due to our previous accomplishments and victories over The Army, which attracted much unwanted attention—we stumbled across two Soviet soldiers and a Tiger who ultimately put us in this situation.
I wonder if anybody else is having this much success? Is anybody even trying? I have my motivation…
“Show time,” Paul declared.
Getting away safely is my main concern now, as I began crawling to the back of the truck. Undoubtedly, the two vehicles behind us will follow and try to catch us.
Paul turned around, looking at me with anxious eyes, to inform me, “about two more minutes.” His short brown bangs were drenched in sweat and he was breathing heavy.
It’s getting to him. He’s always the driver and I’m the shooter; never a real opportunity to stare death in the face.
Subconsciously, I run my hand through my short, thick, black hair, and notice I’m not sweating at all. This will change soon, either from the extreme heat, or the spontaneous combustion of anxiety, pain, fear, anger, or any other emotion my brain may produce within the next two minutes.
I slowly move to the back of the Tiger and stand under the roof’s hatch. Wrapping my fingers around the latch, I continue to stare out the small side windows the Tiger has to offer. The intimidating rock structures and massive sand dunes are always a surprisingly beautiful sight for those who have yet to see it. Most people just think, “Ugh, unbearable heat.” The scorching sun only makes it that more stunning. It’s hard to believe we’re traveling on flat surface while watching this impressive landscape pass.
“How much longer?” I asked.
“We got about one minute, I think.”
This annoys me.
Nobody can give you a straight yes or no anymore. It’s always: “Definitely, I think” or, my favorite, “Yes, of course…Most likely.”
I put my black and olive desert scarf around my neck, and debate with myself whether I should change out of this repulsive uniform. My original Cammie’s are right next to me and it shouldn’t take long. Knowing I only have less than a minute now, I shrug the idea out of my head. I settle for taking the top off, throwing on my tank top and favorite plain black ball cap on.
Paul is still wearing his embarrassingly anxious face when he turns around to look at me.
“You ready?” he asks.
I slide the scarf over my mouth, then my nose, and continue to glare at him.
He nods, faces forward, and mumbles, “Let’s do this.”
2. Capture
Paul slams the pedal to the floor and the Tiger’s engine roars in response. My weight shifts uncomfortably as Paul pulls out of the line and begins our approach to the left of the Mercedes.
I yank the latch and throw the door open. In one fluid motion I stand through the small hole, grab one of the Tiger’s mounted machine guns—luckily these Tigers have two heavy machine guns, one facing North and the other South—and spin it so the eye of the barrel is staring at Federov’s horrified face.
I punch the trigger.
The flash and vibrations make the target almost invisible. The sound of the car being thrashed to bits is drowned out by the gun’s mechanics as they continue to work efficiently. It couldn’t have been more than five seconds before chunks of Mercedes Benz flew in every direction. There was a loud ‘bang’ and the core of the car was launched into the air. The heat of the explosion was satisfying—like watching fireworks on the 4th.
Paul took the sharp turn onto the left half of the forked path, and I immediately turn around, grabbing the gun facing our six and begin shooting one of the two Tigers managing to follow Paul’s insane driving. I must have hit the driver. The out-of-control car hit the rock structure, which we just barely missed, with a deafening crash.
I laugh at the gunner who flew from the open hatch on the roof. His body resembles a rag-doll as it compressed into flat matter against the rock’s wall.
I can’t breathe I’m laughing so hard. It looked funny.
Tears begin rolling down the side of my face as I’m trying to shoot at Tiger number two.
I only got a good two seconds worth of firing before the gun jams.
What the hell?
Damn engineers get paid by the truckload to make working equipment. You would think their products were, at the very least, fully functioning—that they’d put some pride into what they do, but no. These Russian bastards decided to half-ass, and ultimately get me stuck in a pickle. I swear…
The gunnie’s bullet grazed my arm and I fall back through the hole and close the hatch. I can’t feel my arm, but at least I know it’s still there. I don’t want to look at it because if I do, I will begin to feel it, and it’ll hurt like hell.
I grab my M4 carbine assault rifle, barely peek through the back door, and begin shooting back. The windshield was holding up against my 5.56mm shots. The idiot of a passenger had his whole upper body out the window firing at me with a pistol. His chest is screaming: ‘Shoot me you pansy!”
So I did.
Several bullets ripped through the passenger’s torso. Half of his limp body hangs out the window while his legs dangle inside the truck. Another commie appeared from the back, and pushed the rest of his comrade’s body out the window. Paul and I only had to take out two soldiers to claim this Tiger. So why the hell does the one following us carry more?
Paul must have hit a nasty bump in the trail. We were suspended in the air for an eternal second. The landing was uglier. Once the Tiger got all four wheels down, the back doors broke off as if they were pasted on the truck with Elmer’s glue.
Paul hit the gas, and I flew out the back.
I landed on the back of my head and shoulders. The opposing vehicle dodged me to further pursue Paul. Why the hell would they dodge me? They both rounded a corner, around a sand dune, and I lost sight. I started in a dead sprint to follow, but someone stopped me…about twenty ‘someones.’ Their frantic scurrying over the sand dune to my left and incoherent shouting was drowned out by my horror: a pair of soldiers carrying a javelin anti-tank missile launcher, aiming at the area of where Paul and his Tiger disappeared.
No.
I change directions and begin sprinting toward the javelin, but I was too late.
The small warhead shot out from the sudden cloud of exhaust.
No, No, NO!
My gaze followed the warhead. It seemed forever before the missile came back down and vanished behind the sand dune. A loud explosion followed soon after.
He can’t be dead. Just can’t. 
I stood, unable to move, and the twenty or so foot soldiers surrounded me screaming in German. German?
One slowly advanced to apprehend me, and the others followed suit. When the one German grabbed my injured arm, instant anger flashed through me.
I thrust the heel of my palm into his nose, creating a pleasant crunching of bone. I grabbed the right arm of the next closest victim and punch his throat as hard as I can. My rage was then drowned out by utter pain as the butt of a rifle struck the back of my head. I fall to my knees and immediately spring back up and tackle the douche bag directly in front of me. I hammer my forehead down on his nose and hear the familiar crunch and smell that awful stench again. I quickly elbow the soldier who tried to jump on my back and follow up with a kick to the face. As I try to gather my footing I see through my peripheral, another attempting a tackle. The moron had his head down, so when he got close I brought my knee up and it met his face. I gave him a quick one-two to the face and he fell.
All the soldiers around me started stepping back. They kept me in the middle of the circle and watched closely for my next strike. I hate taking a break in the middle of a workout because now I feel the fatigue creeping up. The sand was sticking to my sweaty face which made for an uncomfortable situation altogether. “What’s the matter?!” a voice called out. The mob cleared a way for this soldier walking toward me. The cocky moron stopped two feet in front of me.
“Stubbornness, pride…retardation,” the big soldier started saying out loud with a heavy Russian accent and the mob started laughing. “Is this all they taught you in America?” he asked and the mob laughed some more. “What else did they teach you American boy?” he said with an angry tone. “They teach you it’s ok to have sex with siblings?” Again, the crowd laughed. I kept my head down as he kept circling me. I turn with him to make sure he never walks behind me. “They teach you to…”
I quickly jabbed my fist into his throat and followed him to the ground. I grasped his neck and squeezed in an attempt to rip it out. I felt a hundred hands beginning to pull me off of him.
“You talk too much,” I hissed in his face. Then I felt a rifle butt meet the back of my head.
Blackness.
3. Existence
When a certain period of time has passed after losing someone, it’s almost like they never existed in the first place. I haven’t hit that point yet. And I won’t. He isn’t dead…
I knew I was awake but I had three reasons why I refused to open my eyes. First, for some strange reason, I was totally relaxed. I was chained to a cold concrete wall. My ankles are bound together and heels touching the wall with my hands tied above my head. I could feel the blood trickling down my forearm from the tight bounds cutting into my wrists. This is when I realized: I shouldn’t be relaxed. But I was. Second, I was scared to see where I was. I didn’t want to open my eyes and see piles of dead bodies next to me. I’d probably vomit. Third, I didn’t want the two men, who are talking in front of me, to know I was awake.
Ugh!
I guess I was thinking too loud. The bastard must have worn brass knuckles, and I’m pretty sure one of my ribs cracked.
I couldn’t help but open my eyes now. The man who hit me was an over-sized ball of muscle. The same ball of muscle whose neck I nearly ripped out earlier. I started to smile until I realized the bastards stripped me naked.
Now, I was beyond scared. I have a certain method for when I’m scared like this—laughter. Laughter cures anything. Make fun of something or someone; think of a funny moment, make jokes, et cetera. But I couldn’t laugh just now. The other man I heard talking is wearing a Russian military dress uniform. Complete with medals, loads of awards pinned to his chest, and the rank insignia that made my stomach drop. On his shoulder, lay an impressive star, on a pentagon, with a hammer and sickle. The Marshal of the Russian Army, Sergei Federov, was standing ten feet away from me. A boy, seven or eight years old, stood next to Federov, with tears streaming down his face.
I couldn’t focus on anything at the moment, for Jack Dempsey was wailing on my ribs. My breathing began to come out in pathetic whimpers. Then I saw his unibrow and began to laugh. He started to yell gibberish then stopped for a second, looking as if he was waiting for something.
“Nice eyebrow,” I managed through clenched teeth. He cocked his head over to his boss, and Federov looked at me and nodded. And the beating continued. 
“So, does my being naked have a purpose? Or were you just curious as to what a real penis looks like?” I directed this toward Federov.
He smiled and was talking to me in his foreign language.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t catch that,” I told him.
“Do you know who I am?” he asked in his heavy Russian accent.
This question reminded me of our failure out in the desert. This man should be dead.
“Yes, yes I do.” I told him.
“Good, it will save me the introduction,” he said. “And do you know where you are?”
“No.”
“You’re at the Seventh-Gate Prison, where all of your kind are taken, tortured, executed, and all of the above.”
I shuddered at the thought. I’ve only heard of this place. ‘An even worse hell than the one we live in now,’ I was told.
He studied my face as I was deep in concentration. “Are you wondering how I’m standing here, alive, in front of you?”
Then it dawned on me—it was set up…all of it. From the moment we took the truck to the moment I punched the trigger. “You knew we were coming,” I whispered.
“Very quick Mr. Reed,” he was smiling now. I was not.
“So who was the man we did take out?” I asked, a bit shaken. I was afraid of his response. Federov was barring his teeth with a huge grin now.
“The man you killed was this boy’s father. The only family he had left.” He walked over to the boy and rustled his hair. My body went cold.
He crouched next to the teary-eyed boy, put his arm around him and began to talk to him in Russian. Federov was rubbing the boy’s shoulder and pointing at me. The boy fell to his knees and began crying.
“I’m sorry.” I told him, but I knew he wouldn’t understand my foreign tongue.
Federov stood and began to laugh. My head dropped with despair, but I heard the hammer cock on a pistol and I snapped my head up yelling “NO!” as he pulled the trigger.
The boy’s limp body now lay in a pool of his own blood. I’ve lost all feeling. The anger hit as if it was an oncoming locomotive.
“His father caused us serious problems, you see. He, and his group of followers, decided to sabotage our base in Japan. And he nearly succeeded. So, in a way, he was an ally of yours.” He said, with his chin held high and grinning at the ceiling. He was pacing back and forth. Then he turned toward me. Being inches away from my face—his smile gone.
“Nobody has been as successful in their attempts as you and your ignorant brother. You’ve gained many fans.”
I was still clenching my teeth, the anger was unbearable.
“Your fellow cellmates deny that we have captured you. ‘Lowering their morale’ is what I believe they’re accusing of me.”
He started to laugh without humor, “One man even went as far as saying: ‘The invincible brothers can’t be stopped!’” He said this mockingly. “I shot him in his knees after that, of course, but that’s beside the point. The point, Mr. Reed, is that I have to make an example of your death. A very firm example. Even if I only have half of the pair.”
He was grinning again, and I was tired of it.
“I’ll fucking kill you pig,” I hissed in his face. It’s all I could manage to say due to my locked jaw. I can’t stop looking at the body behind him either. It’s exactly this reason as to why I got into this ‘business’.
His smile disappeared and he paced away, pulling a large elaborate knife out from his belt. He walked slowly toward me and gradually dug the tip into my chest. As I was screaming, he began to draw a line across my chest.
Pain sucks. It’s just that simple. Many people have their own way of dealing with it. Usually, I laugh. This time, I just grind my teeth with my eyes shut and think ‘this could be worse’. I suppose I found it deserving to hear my own screams bounce off the wall.
He pulled the knife out of me and paced away screaming more gibberish. The blade was what I needed to release some of the anger I had. I was a little more loose and able to talk.
“English, moron.”
He strode to me and hammered the butt of the knife into my collarbone.
HUGGGHHH!
“Where is your brother!?” He yelled in my face.
My head snapped up. The pain in my collarbone temporarily subsides.
Paul is still alive. It took a bit for this new information to sink in. ‘Only half of the pair,’ I repeated to myself.
I realized I must look like a kid on Christmas, and Federov didn’t like that much.
“Where?!” he pressed.
“He’s out ordering pizza. I hope you like extra cheese and pepperoni.”
He slowly dug the knife into my chest again, but on the opposite side. I stuck to my usual method for dealing with the pain and laughed. It was a little easier this time. When he pulled the knife out I looked down in my chest and noticed he made an ‘X’ on my chest.
“That’s going to be a kick-ass scar,” I mused.
He then stuck the knife into my left shoulder, all the while yelling more gibberish. The pain seared all the way down my body, followed by numbness.
“How the hell should I know where he is? I’ve been locked up, if you hadn’t noticed!” I yelled.
He glared at me, accepting what I just said, I hope. There was no way of me knowing where Paul was. Any idiot could see this.
Federov yelled some more Russian, and his Russian ape stepped up again.
This should be fun.
Next scene: Hairy fat fist in my face. Again, again, and again.
I woke up and saw nothing but black. I’m curled up, very uncomfortably. I’m sitting up with my chin on my knees and arms limp at my side, but my shoulders are pressed against a cold wall. My back was pushing hard against a wall, and my feet mashed against another wall in front of me.
A prison cell. A very small prison cell.
At least I’m wearing clothes. I can’t stand being naked. Even in my dreams. The clothes wreak of something out-of-this-world. I can’t complain. Any clothes are better than naked.
I realized I could hear the men to my left and right. I couldn’t understand what they were saying, but I figure my ears will adjust.
I could only think about what Paul was up to. So many questions ran through my head: How did he survive that blast? Would he know where to find me? And how the hell did he escape? Either way, he was alive and, hopefully, well.
I could follow the inmates’ conversations now. They were talking about their families.
“How long have I been in here?” I asked. I didn’t recognize my voice, and it hurt to talk. They stopped their chatter.
“The man to your left has been keeping time, and you got here right after we did, so about two days now.” The man to my right had a calming voice. Somewhat cheery, if that was possible. His cell must be bigger, with a bed and a toilet.
“What’s the point of keeping time?” I asked cynically.
“So we know when our time is up.” The man on my left had a deep, hoarse voice. It hurt my throat even more to listen to him.
“What do you mean?” I asked
“They keep us three days, then take us out to the field and slaughter us. We lie down, face up, and look into the barrel before they shoot.” The man on my left said.
My breathing got heavy. I have one more day.
“How do you know this?” I said with denial in my voice.
“I used to be posted here.” He replied.
I wasn’t going to press any further. He probably revolted, or tried, and got thrown in here. If I were him, I wouldn’t want anybody reminding me of my failures.
I guessed they were both American, by their accents. This bothered me, especially with the man to my left. An American soldier of the apocalypse posted here means that either we were back in America or all three sides of The Army were here. I assume the latter.
“So, where are we?” I asked.
“Nobody knows really, it’s the escaping that most people worry about.” The cheery man to my right said.
“Not even soldiers posted here know where it is. They’re blindfolded, sworn to secrecy, the whole nine yards.” The left man told me.
I didn’t want to sound like a moron, but I wanted to know.
“Who is the third side of the pact? I know of the Russian Federation and the American mercenaries, but who else?” 
“Tch, you’ll soon see. They’re the ones who greet you with a pistol on your time in the field,” the left man sneered.
Everyone I’ve asked has given me bullshit answers: they’re Muslims, Nazis, Christian’s gone crazy, Sasquatches, zombie soldiers, and an army of rednecks who just wanted to shoot somebody. But now that I’ve run into someone who actually knows, he still doesn’t tell me. I wanted to punch this guy in the face. The anger was heating, but the man to my right broke in before it reached boiling point.
“Hey guy, what’s your perfect woman?”
This wasn’t difficult to explain, but I still staggered at the random question. I never liked conversation with people I don’t know, but I’ll participate given the fact I will never see either of these men…ever. It’s like talking to me, really. How would I describe her? All I had to do was describe her because I already found my perfect woman. Memories of her and I always tore me from the chaotic. She was the beauty of this world. It was easy not to look at other women. She would turn the heads of anybody she was around; man or woman. Her dark hair flowed inches past her pale shoulders and fit her face perfectly. She had the perfect slender body. There wasn’t a flaw in her, physically. Personally, she could make you smile on your worst days. She brought forth the best in me, and I was the luckiest man to have her. I’m sure every other guy who knew her would agree. ‘Perfect’ was the only word to describe her.
I realized I was speaking aloud when the man to my left responded, “She doesn’t exist.”
4. Fortunate
The inmate to my right mentioned they only fed us filthy water through the sliding hole in the door. They knocked once and dumped the water on you. Hopefully you were ready, with your mouth open, and caught most of the water before it splashed to the floor. This would explain why the floor to my cell is soaked.
I heard the knocking, followed by the familiar splashing sound and occasional coughing, from the other side of my cell door. I was ready for it; I needed something in my body. The knock came from next door so I sat up a little, positioning myself. My chest and shoulder seared with pain and reminded me of my interrogation session with ole Federov.
I was weak. I could barely manage to pick myself up. My arms were severely shaking as they held my weight. Even though I was expecting it, the knock startled me. But I got nothing. I waited with my mouth open, hoping to God nothing worse than dirty water came through that hole.
The slide opened followed by a hushed ‘psst.’ Something hard hit my nose and I fell back on my backside. I shuffled my arms around to find what it was. Bottled water-and it was soaked in condensation. Something hot then flew from the hole and landed on my stomach: a slab of beef. Not even a minute passed before I gobbled the steak and guzzled the water. The beef was unbelievably delicious.
I lay my head against the back wall, and I tried to sort out what the hell just happened. It couldn’t be Paul. Infiltrating a place such as Seventh-Gate takes weeks of planning. Thanks to the food I could now think without being preoccupied with hunger, but the sudden heaviness in my stomach put me into a food coma. I slowly drifted to sleep as I tried sorting out any possible solutions.
The slamming of doors, scurrying of feet, and constant yelling brought me to consciousness. This went on until the sounds were muffled in distance.
Several pairs of shuffling feet came to a halt on the opposite side of my cell. The unlocking of the door was a satisfying sound. The heavy metal swung open and it took me a second to get my bearings. There were four high ranking officers—at least I think they were officers. I know the Russian badges and medals well enough to know what rank they are but my eye sight is still trying to adjust. Not to mention the fact that Russian officers really like their dress uniforms. You can spot them in the middle of a battle because it’ll be the Russian officers who are in dress uniforms while fighting. Federov stood behind them. The general whispered to the two officers to his left. They walked over to me, each grabbing an arm, lifting me to my feet. I couldn’t help my legs from shaking.
One of the other officers looked into my cell, glared at me, then bent down to pick up the empty water bottle. He handed it to Federov. He looked at it, then at me, then back at his officer and incoherently mumbled to him. Bottle in hand, the officer strode down the long hall without another word.
Federov glared at me then nodded toward the long hallway. I felt the barrel of gun dig into my back. The other two officers tightly gripped my upper arms and marched me down the hallway. The walk seemed to take forever, and my mind was, for the most part, blank. I examined the building we occupied. The building was small, but the cells were tiny. I could see the end of the hall, but the cells were so small there had to be at least one hundred cells down each wall.
We finally reached a door at the end of our march. Light was seeping from the top and bottom of the door in front of us. Chatter could be heard from the other side. I glanced to my left and saw there were doors leading to a stairwell. The doors were held open by a cinder block so I could see the stairs which only led downward.
Federov unlocked the door in front of us and swung it open. The light burned my eyes. The sun was directly overhead—not a single cloud in sight.
The walkway I was now facing was much shorter than the journey we had just made. The ground was concrete with massive cages to my left and right. Pressed against both sides of the cages were hundreds of captives. Men, women, and even children, of every ethnicity stood behind the fence. We continued our march.
Federov must have announced who I was. I stared at the horrified faces as we passed by, occasionally hearing my name being whispered. Some tried to reach for me through the fence. This was, by far, the most emotional trek I’ve ever made. Their faces were filled with a sort of hope I couldn’t understand. Blood, sweat, dirt, and tears covered all of these peoples’ faces, yet they looked…optimistic. As if I could do anything to help them…did they not know I was walking to my death?
At the end of this walkway was a massive stairway leading down to a large field, blocked off by concrete walls. Outside this, lay a gorgeous green landscape. Hills and luscious brush over-ran the scenery. I’d be satisfied spending an eternity just outside these walls, but I guess I belong in hell instead.
The field was home to several torture and execution devices.
I wonder which one I’ll have the pleasure of testing out.
I was accompanied by fifty other captives to this hell hole. All of them lay face up in five lines with each line behind another. The officers marched me to within five feet of the first line of captives.
I peered across the lawn of the damned. They looked like the people behind the cage: dirty, sweaty, and bloody. Yet the people in the cage had hope…the people in front of me didn’t. The circumstances, I suppose.
We set foot onto the field and we walk twenty paces before they put me on my knees. The two soldiers who carried me out now stood behind me with rifles pointed at my head.
I have to keep my head clear, especially in situations such as this. I take a glance around the area to take quick note of my surroundings. The structure behind me was simple and bland. Connected to the metal staircase I just walked down was a large concrete cube with tall watchtowers at each corner, complete with a smaller concrete cube sitting on top of the larger one. The only windows were at the very top level of the smaller cube. The structure clearly played to their favor. The only way out was back up the stairs. Even if I made it up those stairs, I wouldn’t know my way around inside the damn place.
Peering over the field, opposite of the structure I was examining, stood a behemoth steel platform with two dark figures. I assume they’re two of the three leaders. Pollick, with his undeniable pose, and the anonymous leader were later joined by Federov. I was trying to focus on their faces when the executioners came from the stairs behind me. There were ten of them. All strapped with KM2000 knives and Heckler and Koch USP pistols. They were all wearing protective masks over their mouths. A few of them were laughing, carrying conversations, having a jolly ole time. Their reveling didn’t annoy me in the least, though the badges around some of these executioners’ arms were what caught my eye. A red band, with a white circle in the middle, complete with a black swastika. There were four of these “Nazis”, and they were the ones enjoying themselves. I wonder if they consider themselves ‘new’ Nazis or if they’re just wearing the insignia for shits and giggles.
When the executioners reached the crowd, only five of them drew their weapons: the four Nazis and an American. Uniforms were hardly worn by the Americans. Usually, they wore what they saw fit. This one wore raggedy jeans a white tee shirt. They tried to blend in with crowds, but I can still spot them from a mile away. The rest of the killing squad is Russian with the exception of another American. The Russian stood back by me and the mystery American walked behind me. I then felt a large barrel press against the back of my head. It had to have been a shotgun.
Each executioner picked an end of each line to start, and began to spill blood. The gunshots shook through me as if I was the one being shot. I could only close my eyes, and grind my teeth. The victims are hysterical at this point. Some are screaming, hopelessly flopping around, crying, sobbing, praying, anything to let their minds escape the moment.
I am a steel rod of anger. My body is rigid, fists clenched, eyes tightly shut, and I quaked with tremors. I want the power to stop them. I want to tear off their limbs. I want to rip out their hearts. I want to take a pair of pliers to their teeth and listen to their precious screams. I want to burn them and watch their skin boil. I want the power to stop them. I want to be God.
“Momma! Please momma! Help me!” The young British girl, lying in front of me, was yelling. I snap my head up and look into her tear filled eyes with horror. A soldier with a swastika around his arm walks in front of her and points the gun to her forehead.
“You see this?” He asked her with humor in his voice. An American, I thought, and from the Deep South no doubt. Nobody can miss that southern accent. Getting down on his hands, crawling toward her, he was now hovering inches away from her face. She cried even harder. The child put her hands on his face in an attempt to push the soldier away. All the while he continues to laugh and snap his teeth.
He spit in her face and I quickly got to my feet and lurched forward. Two pairs of arms grabbed each side of me and something hit the back of my head. I stumbled a bit, but managed to stay on my feet. It must have been the butt of the rifle, which the barrels are now pressing hard against the nape of my neck. I felt the barrels shake a bit as the soldiers behind me trembled. I turn to look at the Russian officer to my right and saw his eyes: they look terrified. I took note that it won’t be hard to disarm them when the moment arises, though I wasn’t sure about the soldier at my six. I was frantic at this point. I need a plan…I need something.
The American executioner was now doing some sort of clown dance in front of the girl, and she cried harder.
“Don’t worry love, this will all be over soon,” the British woman, next to the girl, comforted her.
The soldier stops his dancing and stares at the woman. In a split second, he raises his gun and shoots her twice in the chest. Blood poured from her chest as I watched the innocent woman take her last breath.
“Did you say something?” he asked her body.
The American turned to the girl asking, “Was that your mum?” in a mocking British accent and continued his laughing. He pulled the gun to her face once again and yelled ‘bang!’ But the girl began to control her emotions, and her crying died.
“You’re no more fun,” he pressed. And shot her forehead.
“NO!” I yelled and fell to my knees.
“You like that, do you?” he turned to ask me.
Two of the Nazis walked to the American’s line of victims to finish the rest off. They were talking in their deep Germanic language and laughing—deep bellowed laughs. I actually understood the Alemannic language they spoke, but I wish I didn’t—these two were as sick as the American.
One Nazi lays his gun down next to the last captive, barrel facing his head. The victim just laid with his eyes closed.
“See how many I get,” he said in his deep ugly voice.
He shot, getting two heads with one bullet. They both laughed and said something about his gun being defected.
“Look at this,” the other Nazi said.
He walked to the last victim, shooting her in the chest, the back of her hands, and her feet. He outstretched her arms, putting her hands a bit above her head. He then crossed her legs so her feet were on top of each other.
“Whores can be Jesus figures too,” one said laughing. The other than fell to his knees and started praying next to the corpse.
While I am watching the Nazis have their fun, the American is staring at me with his crazed eyes and his gun. His face was emanating a sense of smugness, but soon turned to horror.
Everything goes quiet. All of us remaining in the field squint up in the sky to see a Dark Angel soaring by the sun. Time felt as if it slowed when the angel fired upon the prison with deafening precision. Concrete and brick rain down as the two eastern prison towers collapsed. Everything quickly falls into my favor or our favor as I realize I’m not alone. The two officers at my side pull out side arms and sloppily take out the two Nazis. The mystery man behind me takes his gun off my neck and blasts a hole in the American’s chest.
After a series of more gunshots, and deaths, the anonymous team took over the open field. They scurried around each other, regrouping. I found myself staring at the girl’s limp body. Her face stuck in a horrified position that made my skin curl.
These rebels could have saved her. I could have saved her.
Three rebels made their way toward me. The man in front held his hand for me so I took it, and he pulled me to my feet.
“Gabriel Reed, ma name is Alastair Baker. We are part of the St. Andrews liberation front, and we would like you to come with us,” he announced in his heavy, difficult to understand, Scottish accent. In one powerful punch I knocked Alastair on his ass.
“You could’ve been a little quicker on the attack,” I said in a quiet voice as his rebel mates surrounded him and helped him to his feet. Their bewildered looks made me want to punch all of them.
“Now all of these people are dead because you couldn’t act sooner,” I said with disgust.
I turned and walked to the American executioner, and took the large bolo blade from his belt. He started to choke on his blood as his eyes stared up at me in horror. Anger rippled through me even as I watched the life slip through the bastard’s fingers.
I bent down by his head and said, “Do you see this?” as I fondled the blade in front of his eyes. “Of course you do, because you only care about your own useless self.”
I stood up and reared back with the blade in my hand and hacked at his neck. Blood slung, covering my face and body every time I pulled the blade out of his flesh. I stopped until his head disconnected from the rest of his body. I bent down, taking all the head gear off his head, to look at his all too familiar face.
The face of a dead man is all the same to me…just a lifeless object. I smiled at the shocked expression. I grasped the head by the hair, lightly tossing it in front of me and punting it a good thirty yards with my left foot. I watched it soar into the air and bounce an extra five yards before it stopped. I turned around to meet the group’s gaze, consisting of wide eyes and dropped jaws.
“I’m not going crazy,” I told them. “Any of you happen to have any clothes?” I asked before taking off the ragged top of my prison uniform and wiping my face of the blood.
They continued to stare until one broke their trance, holding out an assault rifle for me.
“You keep that, and hand me your side arm,” I demanded as I pointed at his M1911A1 pistol. He handed it over, and I held the handgun in my left with the bolo in my right.
The hammering buzz of four props tore my attention to the sky. A black AC-130U was encircling the prison making its way around for another attack. The Dark Angel, I thought. And I was hoping for something divine. My gaze trailed to the high rise that once held the three leaders. It was now empty.
Alastair, pointing at the gunship, pushed, “High heid yin is gaein tae the extraction. We hae tae gang.”
I stare at Alastair as I attempt to piece together what he just said, for I have no damn clue. Walking down the metal stairs, which surprisingly stood intact, were several heavily armored rebels. When they made their way too us, the closest, and smallest, rebel grabbed my arm and marched me back toward the stairs.
“Our bird is on its way to the extraction. We need to hit a few spots within the prison,” the female stranger said with a Scottish accent. I watched as her long black hair fell from her helmet as she took it off.
A woman. A young woman. A very beautiful young woman. She couldn’t be more than twenty-five years old.
It isn’t uncommon to see a woman wielding a gun and fighting nowadays. It’s worse for them in this day and age. They have all the problems all the guys have plus there are a lot of freaks out there. It seems every Apocalypse soldier is on the prowl for any type of woman. It’s terrible. Of the five years my brother and I had engaged this lifestyle, most of the women we have seen were dead, or seconds from death…never going down without a fight. And yet, it’s amazing to see this beauty holding a gun and fighting next to me. She looks as she can hold her own too. I’m sure my sister would be the same if she were here.
“Why do you need to go back into the prison?” I asked as she handed me an extra vest.
“We need to get the rest of our people out, you know? Including your brother. We can’t just leave them,” she said.
“My brother?” I asked while throwing the vest over my bare shoulders.
“Yes. We assume he was captured before today’s executions, and is being kept in the prison. He was supposed to meet us in the field.”
5. Escape
A prisoner wasn’t in sight while crossing the caged threshold—I hope they’re escaping.
We made our way through the familiar hallway of prison cells, following a series of turns of more stairs I missed my first time through. It’s not like me to miss anything like that. The sound of gunfire is more prominent as the female warrior guided us through the prison, and even more so when she communicated with her allies through radio. The folks at the other end of the radio needed help, and fast. They were jammed in a firefight and we were on our way to out flank the opposing team.
I am still weak. I can feel the massive amount of weight I’ve lost. If a strong gust came rolling through I would have to grab onto something. But the idea of me eating made me queasy. I had to focus on keeping my composure when running up the flights of stairs, my legs were Jell-O and my hands were shaking. My aim will be off, but I’m hoping to use the blade over the gun anyways.
This whole prison must be made of concrete. The gray hallways look the same throughout. Metal doors here-and-there interrupted the mind-numbing walls. Long, horizontal, light fixtures perfectly spaced along the ceiling. Dull and boring. But this is a prison, and not a five star hotel…I wonder what is considered as five stars now.
We were half way down a hall when a frantic group of Russian soldiers rounded the corner ahead of us. They stood, facing us, hands in the air with weapons hanging at their sides, yelling. We yelled back, our hands up, and a rebel from behind approached the group of Russians. The Commies quieted down, and I realized the rebel was speaking Russian. Next thing I knew, the Red Army soldiers backed off and ran the opposite way, and we continued through the hall.
My mind must be playing tricks. I really could use some food.
Rewind.
As soon as the Russians rounded the corner I pushed the female against the wall, flattening myself against the opposite wall, and blasting the first fascists I saw. My arm was shaky, and it definitely affected my aim. I fired three shots before falling to my knees, two of them nailing the lead man’s leg and the other nipping a shoulder. I got myself up to a squat position to better my aim before firing off two more shots, and the damage was done. They lost all six men, but at the cost of one of ours. I looked back and our small crew huddled around what used to be Alastair. Bullets found their way in and out of his head. There’s no time for this, I thought to myself as the St. Andrews crew mourned their friend.
“We have to move,” I pressed. The two remaining rebels sniffled and stripped the corpse of its gear and pressed on.
We rounded hundreds of corners and flew up several flights of stairs before running into our objective—the retrieval of several other rebels guarded by four Russians. Luckily, there were only approximately 100 feet from the position we upheld. Standing, partially, in the doorways we began our assault on the opposing forces.
I only managed to shoot a leg before they adjusted their position and returned fire. I paused and took aim to land a bullet through the stunned Russian’s head. But I wasn’t quick enough to tag the others before the Russians took shelter behind a couple doorways. Luckily, the rebels fled down the hall and rounded a corner before the enemy took notice.
This is ridiculous. It looks like a Star Wars scene: everybody hiding behind a wall shooting at each other, except nobody is dying. In Star Wars you get the occasional idiot storm trooper who runs out, thinking he can save the day for the Empire, then crumples to the ground when Han Solo’s laser tags him in the chest. These soldiers are smart: they know how to hide.
We must have been in that position for a good five minutes. I finally ran out of ammo. I only shot once, every now and then, when I knew the bullet would hit living tissue—but they didn’t. My aim was still off and I knew this was pointless to carry on.
“Where’s my brother?” I demanded to nobody in particular.
“He’s somewhere on the next floor…Wait! You can’t go! You must help!” The female responded to my turning away.
“I have to find him.” I said with my back to her, and I added, “Don’t worry about leaving us behind.”
I trekked, hugging the wall to prevent stray bullets hitting me, back down the hallway toward the staircase. I skipped steps as I strode up the stairs, and as soon as I reached the next level the gunfire was muffled to nearly a full mute. I walked swiftly down the concrete hall listening for anything: yelling, laughing, an ice cream truck.
The next hallway was running perpendicular to the first one. In an aerial view, they would look like a perfect ‘T’. Who the hell built this place?
At each end of this new hallway were elevators. Thank somebody for that: a small floor with a limited number of doors. I took a left, and started my way toward the distant elevator.
I heard some screaming and crashing of objects somewhere behind the steel mystery doors: a fight was close. I slowly approached the closest door, and it sounded to be the right one. I grabbed the doorknob and slowly proceeded to open. There’s no way they can hear the silent door over their yelling and bashing. My view of the room was limited. I could see a corner of a large metal desk and from the looks of things, that may be the only furniture in the room besides a few matching metal chairs. It was boring. The bland gray was the only color present. No pictures, no filing cabinets, no trash cans, no windows. Whoever designed this fortress must have hated windows—I haven’t seen a single one.
One of the voices sounds familiar and I could only hope. When they crossed my view a muscular blonde man, in the ragged prison inmate outfit, held Federov by the collar of his uniform. Federov was doing the yelling while Mr. Blonde was doing the bashing. Then I noticed Federov wasn’t wearing any pants. What the hell is going on? But it doesn’t matter now—this was my chance.
I threw the door open and strode toward the two. I reared back and punched the blonde man in the cheek bone—sorry, but Federov is mine. When the blonde man crashed to the floor Federov grabbed a gun from the desk he was leaning against. He was fast in pointing the gun toward me, but I was faster. As he brought his arm up, I brought my bolo blade down, chopping off his hand at the wrist. He grabbed his handless arm—there was blood squirting in several directions, and he was screaming at the top of his lungs. I grabbed the already wrinkled collar of his military dress jacket and yanked him towards me, and smashed the corner of my forehead against his nose. He then fell to the ground in front of the desk. His legs were spread so I took the opportunity. I created a perfect circle with my blade, first, bringing it in front of me, continuing my swing above my head, then behind and under. As the momentum built under me, I stepped forward and aimed the blade. The top of the bolo connected with my target and stuck in between Federov’s legs. I let go of the handle, and the blade assumed position in its upright state. I dropped my head to Federov, and his screaming pained my ears. I put my hand over his mouth and whispered, “Are you scared yet?”
I grabbed the handle, pulling it out from what used to be his balls, and jabbed the tip of the blade into Federov’s throat. His screams quickly changed to gurgles. I took the blade out of him, yet again, and wiped it clean of his blood using his shoulder.
I turned to look at the inmate, who was staring at me. His blue eyes were piercing up through his furrowed brows. His face is narrow and sharp. Though he was wearing the shredded inmate uniform, his skin is relatively clean. Instinct took over and I held the blade towards him and innocence spread over his face.
“I was a prisoner here,” he claimed, in an American accent, with his hands in the air. “I was in the middle of my escape when I spotted him,” he was pointing at the corpse of Federov. He continued, “I followed him here hoping to take him out myself, but you…” he started to say but stopped as he stared at Federov’s mangled body.
“I wanted him to myself,” I confessed. I was slowly shifting myself closer to him with my blade held upright. More Russian yelling ripped my attention toward the hall. I sprinted toward the doorway and peered out into the hall, finding the source of the yelling. Two Russian soldiers, their backs to me, were yelling at each other. Paul was facing me, his hands bound together behind his back. He was wearing Russian cammies.
I hugged the wall, creeping toward the soldiers, with the blade in my left hand in a reverse grip. I met Paul’s gaze. His eyes were wide and followed me most of the way. I was about ten feet away from the two men when Paul started to yell. His ear-splitting scream distracted the soldier’s attention toward him. I quickly shuffled myself toward the two men. Feet away from my attack, the soldier, to my left, used the butt of his rifle to hit Paul in the corner of his eyebrow. Before Paul crashed to the floor, I started my attack with the soldier on the right. Using the butt of the handle, I threw a wide left hook and ran the butt into the soldier’s temple. Immediately, I reversed my left hook attack, extending my arm toward the other soldier with the tip of the blade leading. The blade ran through his neck as if it were butter.
Blood streamed continuously down the right side of Paul’s face. A deep cut split his brow and followed down his eye line. His eyes are clamped shut, lips pulled back showing his grinding teeth, and panting heavily through his clenched jaw—his way to deal with the pain.
I bent down to help him up when the soldier to my right jerked up. His AK-47 assault rifle was pointing at my face. He then smiled which was followed by a gunshot. Brains of the dead soldier spread across the wall. I look over my shoulder to see the blonde inmate several feet down the hall, still pointing Federov’s gun at the corpse.
I help Paul to his feet.
“I was supposed to save you…I really fucked that up.” He said this smiling.
“Well, thanks. But now, we gotta get the hell out of here.” I told him.
“I know of a way out,” Blondie told us while moving toward the elevator.
We tagged along with the stranger toward the elevator after stripping the soldiers of their weapons.
“Did you just get back from slaughtering a pig?” Paul asked, sarcastically, while pointing at the blood stains covering my face and body.
“You could say that,” I replied. “Federov’s dead.”
“DudeNoWay!”
“What?”
“Is he seriously dead?”
I nodded to confirm, and all he replied was, “Sweet.”
Celebrating aside, I had to focus on getting us out of this prison. I don’t trust the blonde inmate, but on the other hand I don’t have a choice but to follow. We made it to the elevator, AK-47’s tucked in their shoulders leading them while the blade was held tight in my right hand leading me. We made it to the elevator and Blondie hit the ‘down’ button.
“So what’s your name friend?” Paul asked the inmate.
“Vergil,” he replied.
The doors opened and we stepped in the small mobile box, one at a time. Vergil turned left and reached for ‘B3’ on the panel of buttons lying in front of him, but Paul quickly grabbed his wrist.
Paul answered Vergil’s serious gaze, “We need level three, not the sub-levels.” Paul punched the ‘L3’ button and turned to explain, “Alyse explained to us our escape route, and where to find the bird for extraction.”
“Alyse?” I asked.
“The brown-haired Scottish hottie who is running this shindig,” he answered before continuing. “I don’t know if you saw, but Seventh-Gate is made up of three structures: the main building, the watchtower, and the hangar. The east side of the main building is attached to the roof of the hangar via connecting bridge. We have to make it to the east side of the hangar where a group of motorcycles are stationed. From there, we get our asses to the runway.”
We made it to level three. Judging by time interval from getting on and off the elevator we must have still been in the sub-levels when we entered the lift—my mind was still on the fritz since I couldn’t process how we were still in the sub-levels. I could have sworn we climbed more stairs.
Paul led the way running through the half-open elevator doors with Vergil behind him and me running caboose. This floor is no different from the others: concrete walls with the occasional metal doors. The first hall was short, only leaving us with a right turn which Paul took. The next hall we faced must have reached across the other end of the building, but a quarter of the way down Paul took another right. We were in a dead sprint, closing the gap between us and metal wall.
This metal wall had two electronic panels on each side. Reaching the barricade first, Paul reached in his breast pocket and pulled out a card. He shifted to the right panel and slid the card into a slot, and the metal wall began to move.
Splitting down the middle, the great wall began retracting into the concrete. The damn thing moved too slowly. Why the hell can’t people make automatic doors that open fast enough so they don’t stop me whilst I’m walking? About twenty seconds elapsed before Paul proceeded through the half-open doors.
We jogged down the connecting bridge which sloped downward, leaving my legs feeling awkward against the concrete flooring. Though, I am grateful for the change in scenery, leaving my legs unnoticed. The connecting bridge has massive glass pane windows down the side walls and the ceiling, showing the stunning landscape. The sun is still covered by the dark clouds, leaving the flora a beautiful dark green. Structures can be seen in the distance to my right. They look like castles. We must be somewhere in Europe for to my left was a vast amount of ocean.
We made it to the metal wall’s twin, and Paul repeated the process. I didn’t think it was possible, but the doors opened slower. After thirty seconds or so, we squeezed through the open slot sprinting down the hall we faced. This hall followed the perimeter of the hangar on the utmost level. Glass blocked the inner hangar from the hall so everything remained visible. The hangar, and its contents, was destroyed. The ground level was scattered with debris and bodies. An enormous amount of smoke was emitted from the fires from pieces of equipment which made it difficult to see.
“The hangar was the first target of ambush.  It houses most of the soldiers here on post, in its sub-levels.” Paul called back.
We reached the metal door set inside the wall. Paul slid his card in the right side panel and the door flew open in a flash. That’s more like it. The breeze rushed into my face, through my hair, and around my body. I stood there for an eternity staring at the cloud cluttered sun. And I heard her voice.
“Shit!” Paul shouted, breaking me from my reverie, leaving me disappointed, “Looks like we have to jump.”
Vergil already jumped before I proceeded through the doorway. We are at least forty feet high. The metal staircase, that used to hug the building, now lay collapsed on the grassy ground. Further down, along the hangar, was an asphalt slab home to four motorcycles.
I threw the blade to the ground, Paul threw his rifle, and we jumped at the same time. I’ve made more impressive jumps, and my technique hasn’t failed yet. Keep the legs bent, arms stiff and ready in front, land on the balls of your feet, lean forward and let your arms brace the impact, and finally make a complete forward-roll popping up on your feet. I should have shared this with Paul before we jumped. The thud of his back on the ground sounded painful, knocking the wind out of him. He tossed and turned in the spot he lay whilst moaning and groaning. No time for this. I grabbed the front of his BDU’s and pulled him to his feet and immediately his legs buckled under his weight.
“We don’t have time for this! Get your ass up!” I yelled as I pulled him to his feet again. With difficulty, he managed to follow Vergil and me to the group of motorcycles. I don’t know the first things about bikes, except how to ride them—throw your leg over; turn the key whilst holding the clutch, gear is by my left foot, gas on my right hand. I learned on a small dirt-bike…it was ugly. The first time, I ended on my back with the seat of the machine in my crotch. But I got better. Still nowhere near as good as Paul when it comes to controlling the beasts of vehicles.
The motorcycles looked standard as far as I could tell, complete with luggage on both sides of the back wheel. We made it to the assembly of camouflage painted Russian motorcycles, and I realized we don’t have keys. Again, Paul and I are on the same page.
“Uh, I forgot the whole concept of ‘needing a key to start it.’” Paul said as he walked up to a bike.
“There’s a secret pocket inside the right luggage. They should be in there.” Vergil confirmed. We all searched for the pocket, and sure enough, the keys were present.
Paul held his key up, as if examining a diamond through some light, before sliding it into the ignition, “Well would you look at that. You’re a life saver Vergil.” He exclaimed.
I was unable to conceive how Vergil held this kind of information, especially for an inmate of Seventh-Gate. I just don’t trust the bastard.
“I heard a few guards mention it before,” he answered as if reading my mind.
Our bikes roared to life and Vergil and I followed Paul through a series of trees on a thin dirt trail. The trip was, so far, two minutes of me following Vergil and Paul through the gauzy forest. The runway can be seen through the trees at this point. As well as a CH-47F helicopter, its rotary engines already at full speed. Four people ran into the Chinook and it lifted off. We were too late. When we were clear of the forest Paul spun his back wheel sideways to halt his advance. Vergil and I followed suit, and found his reason for cessation. Two Russian Tigers were attempting to reach the Chinook, soldiers jutting out of windows and the roof’s hatch firing on the chopper. Members of St. Andrews returned fire from the helicopter.
We watched the chasing firefight from our halted positions thinking ‘we should be on that chopper.’ A dark, unfortunate, figure fell about thirty feet from the back of the Chinook. Immediately after a crunching meeting with the runway the man struggled to stand to his feet. I guess pedestrians don’t have the right away on a runway as the lead Tiger plowed into the limp figure. The brutality of the sight was confirmed by Paul’s ‘ahhh shit that’s nasty!’
The AC-130U gunship, from earlier, flew overhead. It tilted, pointing its left wing downward, and opened fire upon the Tigers. The 40mm shots were followed by one 105mm shot, replacing the Tigers position with an impressive explosion. The heat of the blasts warmed my face and body. A bit unnecessary, but effective for one Tiger lay on its roof and the other performing forward rolls, both engulfed in flames.
“So much for an escape,” Vergil pointed out.
“Alyse told me they were stationed in Gatwick, London. Worst-case scenario, we were to head that way if something like this happened.” Paul said.
“Are we supposed to do what they want? I mean they did leave us. Plus, how do we manage to get to London? We’re maybe a hundred and fifty miles out. You think we can make it there before they leave?” Vergil pointed out. We must be in Wales.
Paul answered my concentrated look, “We are in Cardiff, Wales.” Ah, Cardiff. I’ve been here several times; I’m not amazed I haven’t recognized it. Nobody recognizes anything anymore.
He continued, “He’s right, we’re too far away.”
“No. We can make it.” I told them. I felt their gazes as I brought the bike to life. “The red dragon will lead the way.”
6. Relaxation
It was like riding in my dad’s old Cadillac. The train’s smooth sailing left me unbelievably at ease. I was a little concerned on the condition of the trains after seeing the devastated state of the Cardiff Central Railway Station, but the trains were satisfactory. The cabin we stayed in wasn’t anywhere near immaculate, but it was cozy. It was the same throughout: four gray chairs, two facing each other, to a thin foldable table, small air conditioning units overhead just under the luggage compartments, and a pair of television sets, next to the windows, facing each pair of seats. The seats were thick and malleable with headrests that wrap around the sides of your head. Perfect for sleeping—just what I need.
Paul sat in the same group of chairs as me, sitting at a window seat, opposite to myself. He found it necessary to keep me awake with random babbling. I threw my feet onto the chair next to Paul, and glanced at Vergil. He sat down a set of chairs, facing me, and on the opposite side of the dark blue carpeted aisle. It made me nervous, knowing he could stare at me while I try to sleep. I decided to stay vigilant for the time being, and I realized Paul had many unanswered questions I had floating through my mind.
“So Paul,” I said to grab his attention, “how did you survive that Javelin missile back in the desert? I thought they got you man.”
He looked at me in mock disbelief and with a grin on his face, “Psh, you need more faith in me brother, but that’s what they shot at me?”
“Yeah.  Saw them shoot it.” I confirmed.
“Well, the guy chasing me wasn’t too good behind the wheel. So I took a sharp turn in the trail, leaving a blind spot, so they couldn’t see me, and I jumped out of the Tiger. A couple seconds later the Javelin, or whatever, blew it up and the other Tiger pulled behind the rubble of my truck about twenty feet away.” Paul looked up, squinting his eyes, trying to re-live the moment.
He then continued, “Three soldiers piled out of the Tiger, running toward mine, with one watching their vehicle. I snuck up on the soldier, standing outside the passenger door of their Tiger, and took him out. Thank God I was already wearing their uniform because there was no way in hell I’d pull this off with me having to take this guy’s clothes. I buried his body in the small sand dune they parked by...” He paused and started giggling before continuing, “I did a horrible job burying this guy too. You should’ve seen it. His lower legs were sticking out the sand dune as if he were a meteorite and flew in head first.” He stopped his tittering, “Anyways, I took the dead guys place and we took you to Seventh-Gate.”
“By the way, you really messed those guys up,” he laughed as he imitated my right hook and I nodded with a smile.
It took a bit for this information to sink in. “So you blended in with the Russians?” I asked.
He started laughing again, “Kind of. I laughed when they laughed, used the bathroom when they did, ate when they ate. I was a sheep. It was a pretty nerve racking experience. I lasted till right before the St. Andrew’s attack started. I was hanging out with the usual crowd in the mess hall when I momentarily broke character. One of the Russian soldiers slipped and busted his ass. We all laughed, and for some reason I decided to stand up, point and yell ‘Oh my God, that’s hilarious!’ They all stopped and stared. I slowly tried to walk out of there, but they found it necessary to detain me. Unfortunately for me, they were right in doing so.” He stopped then shook his head.
“So what did you do when you were compromised?” I pondered out loud.
“They marked me a prisoner and kept a close eye on me. That’s when you came around. I was hoping Alyse would’ve showed up earlier to get me out of that mess. She was the one who walked me through everything most of the charade. She confronted me several hours after showing up at the prison…she picked up on me being an imposter much quicker than the soldiers did.” He looked out the window. “She’s something else man.” He started snickering again. “I’ll tell yah, we sort of hit-it-off. She’s smart, gorgeous, has a sexy little accent, and she’s quite the firecracker.”
“Oh I know. She was holding her own back there during the fire-fights. I was a little worried at first, but I’m proud of her.” I acknowledged this with a huge smile on my face.
“Alyse,” he said.
“Yeah, that’s what I said,” I said puzzled.
“No you didn’t, you said her name…I haven’t heard you say that name in a long time,” he confirmed. I glanced at Paul and he was gazing at me through furrowed brows. What the hell is his problem? And what the hell is he talking about?
Vergil brought our attention to him, “how did they manage to infiltrate the base in the first place?” He annoys me every time he talks, and for him to ask the question I was to ask next annoyed the hell out of me.
Paul thought about this, “Well to tell you the truth, I’m not exactly sure myself. It’s obvious they wanted to destroy the place. And I know it took them about a month to infiltrate and rise in the ranks among prison guards. I guess only the privileged few and highest of ranks have access to all aspects of the prison. They needed that to control the watch tower, have access to the depths of the hangar, and of course have access to the prisoner’s fates.” He slouched in his seat, closing his eyes, and sighed, “A lot of people still died.” I imagined all the tired faces again and wondered how many were executed since that prison has been up?
Paul noted after several long seconds, trying to dislodge any other questions we may have, “They sabotaged the hangar first, placing large explosives throughout the sub-levels. They needed the watch tower so their plane wouldn’t be spotted and shot down. And the C-130…”
“AC-130U,” I corrected him.
“Yeah, whatever, but it provided the air-support and the fire power for the most part. They planned on doing all this in a fortnight, but when they found out that they captured you they decided to act,” he said with a grin.
“You boys must have a lot of fans out there,” Vergil called out.
“Shut up bitch,” I blurted out, and had no idea where it came from.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa,” Paul said with his hands up, “when in Rome Gabriel.”
Vergil was laughing, annoying me further.
“So what happens to be your problem?” He said looking out the window.
“I don’t trust you.” I replied.
“What reason has he given you to not trust him?” Paul asked with sincerity. Vergil got up from his seat and moved slowly down the aisle toward me. I had my bolo blade in the seat next to me, ready to reach for it. He stopped, inches away, and said with a mocking voice.
“Yeah man, why don’t you trust me?”
In the calmest voice I could muster I replied. “Let’s see, everything you’ve said or done has been a bit suspicious; like your constant knowledge of the prison: where to find the keys to the motorcycles, the location of the prison, et cetera. How it took you a few seconds just to say your name when Paul asked for it. Is that even your real name? Vergil? And you have to admit, the state in which I found you seemed a bit suspicious—standing there holding a pants-less Federov by the collar of his shirt.” Paul flinched at this and I proceeded with the enlightening, “your curiosity in the faction who infiltrated your precious Seventh-Gate prison. Did it hurt to shoot your own soldier in the hallway?”
He scoffed, “It sounds like you have a theory on who I might be.”
“A theory, yes.”
“Oh c’mon Gabriel, he was an inmate back there. He suffered as the other prisoners did.” Paul argued.
“Yeah, about that,” I said now rising to my feet while looking at Vergil.
“Your little façade doesn’t fool me. But let me ask you this: where exactly were you going to lead us when we got off that elevator on sub-level three?”
Vergil just stood there smiling his mocking smile, and he nudged me with his right shoulder like a child trying to start a fight. I brought my right hand back and slapped him, simultaneously grabbing the blade with my left. Blood started flowing from his nose and in between his fingers as he held his hand up to his face.
“Jesus Gabriel! Calm the fuck down!” Paul yelled as he stood up. Vergil took a few steps back and scoffed.
 “A slap? Are you a woman?”
I could only smile, “What an outrageous accusation. But no, you just don’t deserve to be hit like a real man. So I slapped you like the little bitch that you are.”
Paul got between us, “Let’s just chill, alright?”
Vergil wiped his nose again and smiled at the sight of his blood.
“Don’t blink Mr. Reed.”
I feel the anger rising. The fire burning my body and soul.
“Do not play with the Devil,” he sneered then turned around storming off down the aisle and into the next cabin. Paul turned to look at me.
“You’re insane. Do you know that?”
“I’m getting there,” I replied. I don’t think that I’m being ridiculous about all of this. “I’ll show you the Devil,” I whispered to myself. I slouched back down into my seat and Paul sat in his.
“You know you’re going to have to apologize to the man,” he told me. I just sat, staring at the ceiling.
“What would you rather go for right now: a juicy rib-eye or one of dad’s double bacon cheeseburgers?” I asked him.
Paul slouched in his seat, “Hmm, it really depends on the size of the rib-eye, but I’d most likely go for the burger. You?”
“Same,” I told him.
Now smiling he asked, “Now for the drink, would you want an ice cold Coca-Cola or some Kool-Aid?” We looked at each other and laughed. “Kool-Aid,” we said at the same time.
“Ok, what about a chocolate cake or apple pie?” I asked him.
“Ugh, man you need to change the subject from food. I’m hurtin’ over here,” he groaned.
“Actually, that wasn’t such a bad suggestion. My stomach hates me right now,” I said through a drooling mouth.
So I changed the subject like he asked, “If we were stuck in a tough situation—tenfold worse than what we just went through—which fictional character would you want by your side?”
“Wow, that’s a good one,” he noted. “I will have to go with Darth Vader.”
I laughed at this. “I’m torn between John McClane and Jacob McCandles.”
“That old fart?” Paul asked me.
“That old fart can kick both of our asses.” I told him.
“You’re insane,” Paul started. “You have all these people to choose from…like Wolverine, the Green Lantern, and you choose them?”
I just shrugged. “They’d find a way.”
“Alright,” he started again but then paused to think, “If things were back to normal, would you rather be a doctor or an attorney?”
“That’s too easy. If you compare attorney to anything from ditch digger to playing Death, I will always choose the latter.”
Paul broke the silence after a minute or so of me staring out the window, “You know, we sort of play Death.” I must have put on a pained expression for Paul apologized, “I didn’t mean anything by it.” I put my hand up to him and shook my head.
I found myself staring at the television, trying to remember the last time I watched a program. I never really enjoyed T.V. much—I found commercials unbearable. There were several which forced me to change a channel or switch the damn thing off, like the over-the-top car commercials, the extravagant perfume commercials, the late-night infomercials of promiscuous college girls, and the cavemen promoting car insurance. The list goes on.
My imagination takes a turn for the worst, or I hope it’s my imagination, as my own commercials entertain me through the blank television. I see a six year old boy sitting up, at his bedside, coughing into his hands. His mother walks in asking ‘what’s wrong?’ with a fake look of concern. The boy says he can’t stop coughing and that his throat hurts. So the mother says ‘I’ve got just the thing’ with a fake smile on her face. She comes back with a pack of Marlboro’s, taking one out and sticking it in the child’s mouth. She pulls out her Zippo and lights it. The boy takes a drag and gives a convincing sigh of relief, followed by a ‘thanks mom. You’re the best.’
“People these days, thinking if it’s on T.V. then it has to be good for you,” my dad tells me from the window seat next to me. At least I think it’s my dad. “And these kids whine too much,” he said leaning in toward me. “It builds character,” we both agreed.
I turn my attention to another commercial. This time, a sleek black car was speeding toward an advancing medieval army. Marching knights held broadswords, battle axes, ball and chains, and were ready to put their weapons to the test. As the car drove through the ranks the knights, grunting and screaming, swung their weapons at the car. Unscathed, the car trekked on. Next, large boulders fell from the sky, falling directly on the sexy vehicle. Again, the car is without a scratch.
“Oh yeah, like I’m going to be driving my car on some ancient battlefield anytime soon.” My sister’s smart-ass comment came from my right. At least I think it’s my sister. When I look over to her, she’s staring out the window sitting in the exact position I’m sitting. I turn my head back to the television.
“You want the car. Don’t act like you don’t want it.” We both said snickering.
The next commercial started playing with corny hip-hop beats. A figure of a muscular man, without a shirt, was dancing to the beats in the dark. Suddenly, he runs up to the camera. He’s wearing sagging jeans, a large golden belt buckle, a chain around his neck with a spinning medallion, and a skull cap. He also has long scraggly hair, complete with a scrappy beard.  “Yo! I’m Jesus Christ!” he started, and I stood up reaching for the off button, while making sure I don’t wake Paul. “If you worship me, you can dance like this…” I didn’t let him finish.
I sat back down to find my mother staring at me from across the table. At least I believe it’s my mother. I can’t be sure. She’s wearing a long black shirt, black pants, black gloves, and a large black hat with a black veil.
“Where is your faith son?”  She asked me.
I could only laugh and shake my head, “I’d hardly constitute me turning off that garbage as having no faith.”
“Where is your faith son?”
“I really don’t want to go there right now. Can’t we just relax? And talk about what we’re going to do this weekend? I was thinking of going out to the park.” I said but stopped. I had the feeling she wasn’t listening.
“Where is it?” she pressed.
I felt the anger rising again. I don’t like my family seeing me angry, so I closed my eyes and put my head down. “I have my free will. Where is yours?” I looked up after she didn’t respond, but she was gone. They were all gone. They probably went to the restroom.
I noticed the T.V. was on. I could have sworn I turned it off. I knew the image it showed all too well…my favorite tree. Every day, I used to visit this heavenly spot with her. It was a massive oak tree positioned about a quarter-mile behind our old high school. We sat away from the school, for the other side held open field and more trees. She and I talked mostly of the day. She would always just close her eyes and lay her head under my arm and against my chest. We stayed like this for hours at a time.
I was now standing in front of the chain-linked fence, marking the entrance to the field. At least I think it’s the field...I can see the oak tree. I turn around to make sure, but the school is non-existent. I turn back to the fence and a long white ribbon, tied to the fence, was brushing against my face. She was waiting for me.
She always wears these white ribbons in her hair, in memory of her late family, and she ties them to the fence to indicate she’s waiting for me. I look off into the distance, toward the tree, and see her legs sticking out from behind it. Now, I try to run as fast as I can, but I can’t. This is like one of those dreams where you feel as if you’re fully submerged under water and can’t run. I can hardly move my body, and my grunting and screaming isn’t helping. I’ve wasted too much time running like this, and what I want is too precious to give up. Concentrate. Know what you want. Feel her, smell her, touch her, and love her. My body has broken the surface, and then my legs. I’m running through the field, while leaping over thick brush, as fast as I can. And I finally reach the oak tree, coming to an abrupt halt by her legs.
She’s lying down, on the grass, with her eyes closed. She’s wearing my favorite white dress. She opens her eyes and sits up, staring at me. Her smile is brilliant and gorgeous. She scoots over and pats the ground next to her. I assume my position, and she assumes hers as she throws my arm around her. She begins playing with my shirt and I realize I’m wearing her favorite white shirt and khaki pants.
“I heard you arguing with you mom. That wasn’t very nice of you.” She said.
“Is this real?” I ask through a smile.
“No,” she said bluntly, “But it’s not my place to tell you what to believe.”
“Then where are we?” I ask. She looked up at me with sadness in her face, “You don’t know where we are?”
We looked at each other and I said, “Of course I know where we are.”
She smiled. We stayed, motionless, for an eternity, and an eternity I could stay. We watched the light wind caress the tall grass, weaving it in beautiful symmetry. I haven’t had this in ages—relaxation at its best.
I had to break the silence. I want to hear her voice. I could ask her a question, for she has an answer for everything. Though her answers for my questions are not what I want to hear, but her voice is worth it. Either way, I must ask something before this happiness ends.
“Why were you taken from me?” I ask looking away. I could feel her piercing gaze on me now.
“It was you who was taken from me,” she said.
What? “I don’t understand.”
She continued, “We lived happily ever after, did we not?”
“The beauty and the beast,” I added. She giggled at this, “my beast.”
“But,” she continued, “even though I do not exist in flesh and blood, I’m still happy and care free, when it is you who hold the burden of hell on your shoulders.”
“Are you talking about the great ‘Kingdom of Heaven?” I said mockingly.’
“It doesn’t matter,” she said. She sat up on her knees, resting on her heels and she gently put my face in between her hands. “Wherever my life exists now, it’s better than the misery you go through from day-to-day. You can’t keep going like this Gabriel, you’re losing yourself and I cannot bear it anymore.”
I tore my face from her grip and stood up, walking away from her. I was furious, “I will NOT end my life! I am NOT a coward! If I have been damned to existence, then so be it! But I will see it through.”
She was behind me now, wrapping her arms around my waist and putting the side of her face into my back. “I would never ask you to do such a thing,” she told me reassuringly. She put her hands on my shoulders, turning me around. We held each other tightly and she said with humor and sarcasm, “I was only trying to prove a point.”
I couldn’t laugh, “I wish I could have said goodbye. I always tell the people I love goodbye.”
She looked up at me smiling, and put her foot behind my heels. She leaned forward and I fell backward, with her on top. I could only laugh. The sun was directly behind her head, perfecting her perfections. I didn’t care if I couldn’t see the sun.
“I see The Army has taught you well,” she said jokingly.
“You don’t want to know what they taught me,” I replied.
It’s not so much of what they taught me, but what I’ve learned that she didn’t want to know. Teachers can teach you everything they know from books, stories, teachings from other teachers, and what they have seen through experience, but they can never fully prepare you for anything. Fire only when fired upon I was told, but what if the people shooting you were those who you swore to protect? The fools didn’t know what they were doing. I assumed their country’s military turned them against us. One minute we’re teaching the children football, and the next their mothers are shooting at us. What then?
The human brain is a fickle thing.
Don’t fall under pressure when you’re being held at gun-point, but what if it was an eight year old girl holding the gun? On top of that, being held at gun-point is a total mind fuck. It’s damn near impossible to keep from sweating while you’re staring down that barrel, knowing the applied pressure on the tiny piece their finger is resting on will end your pathetic life.
I’ve seen ugliness.
“What’re you thinking about?” she asked, breaking me from my trance.
“Ugliness,” I told her.
She sighed and shook her head, “You know I don’t like it when you ramble to yourself. Let’s think of something that’ll put a smile on our faces.”
“Like what?”
She looked around, smirking with squinted eyes, thinking of our happiest moments I assume.
“Ah, Pine Forest High school,” she said gazing at the spot where the building should have been. “Pine Forest has given us history which will undoubtedly last forever.” She was grinning, baring teeth.
“This is to you Pine Forest,” I said while holding an imaginary glass in my left hand. I continued with the toast, “thank you for the hopes and dreams you have given us, and damn you in the ways you have failed.” I took a sip.  “That’s awful,” I grimaced at my imaginary glass.
She dropped her head on my chest and groaned. I laughed. She picked her head up and looked at me smiling, “You’re so awkward and unpredictable.”
“It’s why you love me though, right?” I said, matching her smile.  She smiled bigger.
She gasped and her face lit-up with excitement, “Let’s climb the tree!” She pushed herself up and ran for the tree. She has the ability to shed her feelings off onto anyone within the blast radius, so I couldn’t help but match her enthusiasm.
I rolled over and pushed myself up, and started toward the tree. But she was gone, disappeared without a goodbye. Not only was she gone, but so was the cheerful scenery. The tall, thick, green grass was replaced by brown mulch, crunching under my feet. Stripped of its leaves, the massive oak tree wasn’t nearly half its size now. And still, the sun was absent in the sky. My body felt hundreds of pounds over-weight. I was swaying back and forth under my faint legs.
What is this new feeling that coursed through me? Despair? It can’t be…I know despair and this wasn’t it. Whatever it is, it burns.
A fly was buzzing around my face. An annoying, shit eating fly. I felt the anger rising again.
And I opened my eyes.
A fly was buzzing around my face. An annoying, shit eating fly. It landed on the small table separating Paul and I. He was still asleep, and I was hoping to catch the fly asleep. I leaned forward and I smacked down, hard, on the table. Paul jumped up, grabbing the assault rifle lying by his feet. I didn’t care if I woke him. I just wanted that damn fly. I lifted my hand, but nothing. That bastard got away.
“What the hell happened?” Paul asked frantically.
“She got away,” I replied.
My anger quickly vanished and was replaced by a mixture of confusion and worry. I looked outside the window to realize we were stopped, and in an all-too familiar place: King’s Cross. What the hell were we doing here? Gatwick is further south.
Outside the window were five chaps holding M4 carbine assault rifles pointing at Paul and me. In synchronization, Paul and I slowly put our hands up. Down the aisle, the door quietly slid open. Three soldiers, wearing full tactical gear with woodland camo, slowly approached in a crouch with their automatic weapons at the ready. I don’t think they’re Apocalypse soldiers—these soldiers aren’t carrying the God complex like the Apocalypse soldiers usually do—their faces looked nervous. Following the armed men was a small withered old man, wearing the same camouflage outfit as the rest. His face was saggy and dirty with various smudges of black. His long silver hair bounced with every step he took.
Paul and I got to our feet before they encircled us. I realized this doesn’t look too good, as I look over to Paul and he’s still wearing the Russian uniform—he’s terrified.
The atmosphere is awkward and intense with the three soldiers ready to gun us down, Paul and I standing hopelessly in a corner, and the old fart staring at us tiredly while breathing heavy. He has to be light-headed. He’s breathing as if he just got back from a marathon. This is annoying. Break the silence you old bastard.
“Where are you boys coming from?” he wheezed. This guy is about to bite the dust.
“Seventh-Gate prison,” Paul said. He laughed at this.
“So, what? Is he the inmate,” the old man said pointing at my ragged pants, “following the prison guard?” he finished, pointing at Paul’s uniform. I already don’t like this guy. He’s snappy and a smart ass, but I can’t really blame him. I doubt I would be any different if I were in his shoes.
“We…” Paul started, but was cut off when pops threw his hand up.
He was smiling at Paul shaking his head and said, “You’re friend Vergil already filled us in. ‘A couple of Apocalypse soldiers’ he told us. ‘One dressed as a guard and the other an inmate.’ He was just fortunate to escape you murderous cunts.” That confirms they’re not Apocalypse soldiers. Most likely, they’re a large faction running England. Either way, I still didn’t like him. And as for Vergil…well, I already wanted to knock him out…again.
He nodded for his soldiers to move in, but Paul took a step back and started, “No, no, no, no, you see…” But again, he was cut off. The old man spoke louder, over Paul’s manic voice, “I really can’t see how two bumbling idiots like yourselves came here from your beloved prison, but…”
It was my turn to do the ‘cutting-off,’ “If you’d shut your God damn mouth, we’d tell you.” He was staring at me, dumbfounded. I felt the gun’s barrel press into my cheek as the front soldier closed the gap between us. I looked at the soldier, who held the gun in my face, and he was shaking. ‘Green,’ I thought.
The old man was staring at me through wide eyes, “Well…?” he pressed. I looked at Paul, raising my eyebrows, signaling him to explain our unfortunate position. I had a feeling if I spoke the edgy soldier’s nerves would get the best of him and paint the inside of the train with my head.
“Right,” Paul started, “We, just now, escaped from Seventh-Gate prison. My brother was a prisoner and I imposed as a guard to set him free. We made it out, only, with the help of the St. Andrews Liberation Front who already infiltrated the base. We were heading toward their temporary base in Gatwick, and we somehow ended up here.”
“Hmm,” said the old man. Hmm was all he could say?
“So they succeeded. This is excellent,” he finished with a scent of hope in his voice.
He was looking around on the ground as if he dropped something. His fingertips, of the left hand, were caressing his chin. He then looked at us and said, “so what about the other man, Vergil? Is he with St. Andrews?”
“No,” Paul said, “he’s not.” “But he said…”
“Who cares what he said,” I interjected, “He’s a liar. He lied to us and he lied to you.” The gun dug deeper into my cheek. I could only look at the soldier, and imagine the torture I wish I could give him. We were silent for about thirty seconds. Just long enough for my cheek to go numb.
“I’m Woodrow Barnes,” the old man said. I stifled a laugh—even his name was annoying. He threw a sharp glance at me, “And who might you be then, eh?”
“I’m Gabriel Reed,” I responded and tilted my head toward Paul, “and this is my brother, Paul.” I guess I shouldn’t have told him that. His face became wide-eyed and contorted with a hint of confusion. He snapped his head back and forth between Paul and me. He must have done this at least fifteen times.
Eventually he looked at the soldier, whose gun was in my cheek, and nodded. I saw it coming from a mile away—the soldier brought the butt of the rifle around, aiming for my face. I blocked it with my left forearm. Unfortunately for me, the soldier to his right was just as quick. The last thing I saw was another rifle butt zeroing in on my face. I’ve been hit in the head too many times lately—it’s not healthy. So much for relaxation.
7. Allies
 I opened my eyes. It was quiet and black. My arms were behind me, tied together at the wrists. My legs, ankles and thighs, were bound to the by, what felt like rope. Every time I took in a breath, fabric sucked into my mouth. Luckily, I could breathe through it. I could hear wheezing in front of me and steady breathing to my right—old man Barnes and Paul. I try to move my legs, but it’s no use. There’s no slack. I try to rock myself and the chair—it moves with every lunge. Morons these days don’t know how to efficiently tie a prisoner. The wheezing man groaned and shuffled. He got closer, grabbing the cloth at the top of my head and pulling it off.
“Don’t try anything,” he managed to say.
I opened my eyes, it was quiet and bright. My eyes burned as they adjusted. The four white painted walls were covered with mirrors. The ceiling was white with a popcorn texture, and a long wooden door was facing me. Our weapons were spread across the table in front of us. My blade was within reaching range. On the other side of the table Barnes was moving back to his chair—moving slower than a snail with bad knees. Paul was looking me through wide, tired eyes. About twenty years later, Barnes finally sat down.
“Your story was believable, until you claimed you were the Reed brothers,” Barnes told us through a smile.
“Why is that?” I ask. I really shouldn’t have because I know his answer will only anger me more.
I was right when he started laughing his strained laugh. I’m surprised I didn’t see dust particles floating from his mouth.
He slouched in his chair and said, “The great Reed brothers have toppled over The Army in every imaginable way. They’ve killed leaders, sabotaged bases, and escaped the impossible…”
“Hey, do you think you can give me a change of clothes? I’m really tired of wearing these ragged things, and they’re starting to smell funny,” I interrupted him. His breathing got heavier as he glared at me through his scruffy eyebrows, “And you expect me to believe that you idiots are the Reed brothers? A couple of kids?”
He relaxed back into his slouch, “But fortunately for you, we’re checking-in with the St. Andrews crew for your story.”
Finally, he said something I liked. It hit Paul’s ears as music as he slouched in relief.
Sure but subtle, Barnes’s head fell back on his shoulders—he’s now staring at the ceiling. His body is limp and his eyes are lifeless.
I laughed.
Paul looked at me, “Do you mind sharing?”
I nodded my head toward the corpse of Woodrow Barnes, “I guess it was his time,” I said snickering. I started rocking forward, reaching for my blade with my chin.
“Holy shit,” Paul said—staring at Barnes’ body.
“Holy shit is right,” I said. I continued rocking back and forth, getting closer with each reach, “It’s probably as holy as the very shit Jesus Christ took after his resurrection. That would be dubbed The Shit.” I barely touch the handle and it slides inches toward me. I would be able to grab it next lunge. “Or, it’s as holy as the shit Virgin Mary took while giving birth to Jesus,” I mused. I paused and looked at Paul, “Maybe that’s considered The Shit,” I shrugged, “who knows.”
I reached one last time for the blade, clamping my chin down on the handle, reeling it in. I bit down on the handle, utilizing the sharp blade, to quickly cut the ropes binding my legs to the chair. When I’m done with my legs I drop the blade back on the table so I can grab it with my hands. Once I manage this, I shuffle over to Paul and carefully cut the rope around his wrists. Paul then takes the blade from me and goes to work on the rest of the binds.
I stop and ponder out loud, “I wonder why they never mention Bible figures using the bathroom. Did they even need to relieve themselves? And if so, where? Mind boggling, isn’t it?”
“Thanks, now I really have to take a leak,” said Paul. Well, at least I know he’s real. When I cut the last bit of the rope around his leg, he gets to his feet and reaches for the weapons on the table.
“Just take the pistol. Discretion is key right now. We don’t have a clue where we’re at, and it helps to not draw attention.” I tell him and he grabs the Colt pistol from the table.
“What about you?” he asks with concern. I hold the blade up to answer his question, “and I don’t plan on using it. These people are ‘good guys,’ no need for me to kill them. Are we still at King’s Cross?”
“No, but I’m not sure where we are. They put a bag over my head.”
“They’re cautious. I’ll give em’ that.” I think out loud. “I’m not sure where we are, but I assume we have to head south to get to Gatwick. And fast.”
We head for the door when Paul asks if we can stop by a bathroom.
“It hurts dude.”
“As soon as we find one.” I slowly open the wooden door—nobody in sight. We proceeded down the carpeted hall, checking every door along the way. This building was nothing special—plain white walls, blue carpet that looked scratchy to the touch, and a stale smell in the air. We slowly made our way to the end of the hall which was a pair of wooden doors. A gust of musty air smacks us in the face when we open the doors. The room was enormous. It looked like an old conference room of some sort, but they transformed it into a locker room. Lockers stood back to back, stretching across the width of the room. Paul and I remained still, staring down one of the aisles of lockers. The opposite wall was approximately sixty yards away while the perpendicular walls were about thirty. Other than the impressive size of the room it was still bland.
I pointed to the right. “Check that side.”
“The only thing I’m looking for is a bathroom,” he says. I march down the left side of the room, checking down each aisle I pass. Nothing. I look behind me, but Paul isn’t in sight. I sprint as fast as I can back to Paul’s side. I make it to the last aisle and, again, I get nothing. Panic quickly spreads.
“Check this out,” Paul said from behind me. Startled, I quickly turn around and Paul is down a short hall, half-way through a door, waving me to follow. Relieved, I follow him into the small room.
I was expecting a bathroom, but got something totally different. The wall facing me was a pegged wall, covered with assault rifles, pistols, and shotguns. The weapons were hovering above a large metal work bench with various attachments and gear lying on top. To my right is a large wooden desk with a computer. Five large lockers completely cover the wall to my left.
“Holy shit,” I said.
“Holy shit is right,” Paul replies.
Paul moves to examine the weapons and I move to the lockers. Luckily, the locks on the handles are unlocked. I take the lock off the middle locker and swing the door open. More relief washed over me as I now stare at shelves of various shirts. I quickly open the other lockers to see what I was hoping for. The first locker contained some kind of specialized girdle made out of sponge material giving it extra padding—there were also socks, and belts. The second locker held cargo pants. The fourth held hats, glasses, and gloves where the fifth contained combat boots. I take off the annoying tactical vest and the filthy inmate pants to change into my new selection of clothes. Firstly grabbing the essentials—extra padded girdle, black socks, and tactical belt. I slipped into a pair of black cargo pants and a long sleeve black shirt. The shirt was perfect—it hugged my body comfortably, yet it was long enough to tuck-in.
As I explored through the fourth locker, I saw a pile of different colored fabrics on the bottom shelf. I grabbed an olive/black colored one and examined it to realize I was holding a desert scarf. I guess this faction did some traveling. I wore it around my neck. I put on a pair of boots, tied them tight, and examined myself. Now I look professional, and it feels good. I start jumping up, waving my arms around, moving in numerous ways, testing the new material.
Paul turns around, from his preoccupation, and examines me. “Oh thank God,” he said and moved toward the lockers.
“The girdle feels damn good,” I tell him. I walk to the wall to examine the weapons and see a large olive duffle bag. I grab the bag and throw it to Paul. “Throw some spare clothes in there.”
“How about a couple of parachutes?” he asked with a grin while holding up the pair.
“What the hell are we going to need parachutes for?” I asked.
“Remember in The Boondock Saints when the one brother wanted to bring rope?” he said with a smile, still holding the parachutes.
“Whatever man,” I said. I was too concentrated on grabbing what we needed and getting the hell out.
The pegged wall housed G36 and M4 assault rifles, W1200 Winchester shotguns, MP5 sub-machine guns, M1911 pistols, and a couple of Barrett M107 sniper rifles. I grab another duffle bag and begin filling it with weapons. First I grab the massive sniper and place it in the bag. Next, I grab a couple of sub-machine guns and a shotgun. I’m not a fan of shotguns but it might come in handy. I then grab an M4 off the wall and dress it to my liking—a 4X scope, a front grip, a silencer, and a convenient strap.
I turn to Paul, and like a kid in a candy shop I ask him, “Which one do you want?”
He examines the wall and points, “The bulkier one next to the M4.”
“G36,” I say as I take one off the wall.
“Yeah, that one,” he calls out from behind me.
“What would you like on it?” I ask.
“A scope?” he said with an upward inflection.
I laughed, “I’ll attach what I can.”
I attach a low-range scope and a grenade launcher. I set the gun down and see what else I can pack. I take extra ammo, for all weapons, from the work bench’s drawers. I bagged two of the four parachutes hanging next to the pegged wall. Several different tactical vests were hanging as well—all olive green. I took a smaller version, with a leg holster for my pistol, and strapped it on. I threw one, another of the smaller versions, to Paul.
When he finished with the clothes he walked to me. He was wearing the same thing, only he wore a black short sleeved shirt, and a plain olive green hat.
“You look cute,” I joked.
“Shut up.” Laughing, I handed him his G36. “It works like any other assault rifle,” I told him as he examined it. He was fiddling with the grenade launcher, so I took it from his grasp and showed him. I slid it open, taking fragmentation ammo from a drawer, placing it in the grenade launcher, and sliding it back shut. I held the gun up and showed him the trigger, “Pull this and you can kiss whoever or whatever you’re aiming at goodbye.” He nodded in reply.
“I was hoping this was a bathroom,” he told me with disappointment.
“Just go over there in the corner,” I tell him.
“Screw that! What if some guys bust in here half way through? I’m not going to get shot with my dick hanging out…”
“If you hadn’t started your pointless ranting and started pissing instead, you’d be done by now.” He looked at me with a pained expression and turned to the corner mumbling something unintelligible. It was a second or so before I heard the urine splashing against the floor.
The door was kicked open, crashing against the wall, jerking our attention toward the source. Two British soldiers ran through the door pointing their G36 rifles at us. They were yelling in unison—making it impossible to understand with panic flowing through my mind. Paul had his head cocked, looking behind him, and still urinating while yelling ‘whoa’ and ‘hold it.’ I had one arm up and the other still on the trigger of the grenade launcher. They took a tiny step toward us every few seconds or so, still yelling at us to demand who we were and what we were doing. This went on for a good twenty seconds. They were by the wooden desk, and I finally heard Paul’s zipper, when I said ‘screw it,’ and pulled the trigger. I aimed the shot at the desk, hoping not to injure them too bad. The force of the shot launched the two soldiers into the lockers, and slamming me into the work bench. Debris and chunks of the desk flew in every direction. I ended up on my backside, sitting up, against the work bench with a blinding ring in my ears. Disorientation sucks. I look over to Paul and he’s rolling around on the ground with his hands covering his ears.
I slowly make it to my feet, but immediately fall on my face. I crawl over to the downed soldiers. One isn’t moving, and the other is just moaning with pain. I search the pockets of the immobile one and find his wallet. I’m not too proud of sticking several twenty pound notes in my pocket, but we need it—if this is like the States then some folks probably still take regular currency. I scramble to my feet and walk over to Paul. He’s now lying in a supine position breathing heavily. I force him to his feet.
“We got to get out of here. Fast.” He started wobbling toward the broken door before I tell him to grab the clothes. I dig for the bag with our weapons and throw in a couple more frag grenades. I then quickly search for my bolo blade. I find it and tuck it in my tactical belt before heading for the door.
We ran, across the length of the locker room, to a door that was facing us. Still disoriented, Paul fell a few times before making it to our destination. Cold, comforting, air hit us when we emerged outside. We took a minute or two to gain composure. Breathing heavy, hands on our knees, covered in dust and debris, and carrying more weapons than an arms dealer—we don’t blend in too well. The building we came from was as plain as its insides—white, square, and four stories with continuous windows wrapping all around the building.
I examine the road where we stood, and it looks like any other cityscape—busted and broken. Litter flooded the streets along with crumbled buildings and other debris. The gloomy weather adds to the depressing sight.
“Damn, that thing is huge,” Paul wheezes. I look at him and follow his gaze to the impressive Shard building. The Shard is a silvery structure which came to a pointed top from its square base. The largest building in London—a beautiful behemoth.
Across the street is a small local pub with several people inside. I give Paul a nudge, “Let’s go across the street to that joint.” I grab the bag of weapons and trek my way across the street with Paul on my heels.
Our presence signaled for an awkward atmosphere. As soon as we walked through the door the twenty, or so, people stopped and stared at us from their small round tables, which were scattered throughout the pub. Only our heavy breathing was breaking the silence. Directly in front us was a burly man, with his arms crossed, standing behind the bar. I pressed on toward him. Each step we took shook off the dust that clung to our bodies. We looked like a couple of jets in the sky with our cloudy trails.
Paul and I took our seats among the stools along the bar.
“Fish and chips?” I asked.
“That it?” the bartender asked back.
“Two fish and chips with water,” I confirmed. He stared us down for a few seconds before making our plates. He had a thick coat of fat, which covered his huge muscular figure. He was bald, had thick eyebrows and a thick goatee. He was wearing a dirty white t-shirt with jeans and black boots. I must admit, he was pretty intimidating.
I turn around to study the people who are burning holes in the back of my head. Every face was staring back with fatigued, yet fierce, eyes. They’re all similar in that they’re all dirty. They wore ragged clothes and had black smudges covering their bodies. Their ages ranged, what I guessed to be, from twenty to forty years old. Most notably, they were all drowning their sorrows in pints of beer.
I turned back around to see the bartender returning with our plates.
“Check this out,” Paul whispered with a smile on his face.
“Nothing stupid,” I croaked.
The bartender placed our plates in front of us, along with two cups of water.
Paul whispered, “We’re looking for the Reed brothers.”
The bartender bent down closer to Paul. “What?” he said with a booming voice.
“The Reed brothers. We are looking for them,” Paul repeated.
The bartender straightened his back and put his hands under the bar. “The Reed brothers,” he said.
When Paul nodded, the bartender was lightening quick—from under the bar he had two sawn-off shotguns which now pointed at Paul and me. All the while, moving chairs and furniture behind us also got my attention. Paul was in shock and I could only sigh. I don’t even get to have a bite of my fish and chips, and they smell so good. I took a glance behind me to see everyone in the bar was now pointing some kind of weapon at us. I look at Paul and he’s still in shock, staring down the barrels which have the potential to remove his face from existence. I look at him for a while and whisper, “you idiot.”
“If you want the brothers, you’re going to have to go through us. And I don’t think that will turn out too good for you,” the bartender told us.
“We’re friends of theirs, that’s all,” Paul said in desperation. A series of arms and hands grab me, and drag me to the front door. As I’m being wheeled away I see a few of them, mostly women, beating Paul to the ground—I laughed. In one heave, I’m launched through the door and into the street. I’m still laughing by the time Paul is thrown through the door. Paul groans each time the thrown duffle bags land on him. I get to my feet, humor still washing over me, and bring Paul to his feet. His nose was bleeding and he had a nice cut over his left eye. I grab one of the bags and make sure my M4 is still strapped to my shoulder.
Through pained eyes and heavy breathing he says, “I didn’t mean for that too…I didn’t think…I mean, I know you’re hungry…I’m sorry man.”
I toss the other bag to him and say, “totally worth it.”
8. Ignorance
We were walking…actually more like dragging ourselves, aimlessly down the street and over the Thames toward the Shard Tower.
“This would be much easier if we had food in our stomachs,” I accused Paul.
“I said sorry damn it. How do you think I feel?” He replied.
“Like an ass?” I said with hostility. He didn’t reply to this. I hope he’s as annoyed as I am. Once the laughter passed, I wanted to kill Paul. Not really of course.
We finish crossing the bridge and the destructive scenery is possibly worse on this side of Thames. As we got closer to the Shard I could see it wasn’t an exception. It had visible broken panes of glass, several holes blown through in several spots, graffiti along the base, and the destroyed surrounding buildings gave it a perfect finishing touch.
“Where are we going anyways?” Paul asked.
“Gatwick,” I said flatly.
“I know that,” Paul retaliated. “I mean, how are we going to get there? I know we can’t walk and make it there before they leave.”
“Well we’re on A23 already. All we have to do now is find any kind of transport.”
“A23?” Paul asked.
“It’s how they label their ‘interstate,’” I reply thoughtfully. “Gatwick is on A23. So all we need to do is follow this road further south.”
Unfortunately, there aren’t any vehicles in sight. Any sort of vehicle found on the road is as rare. Almost as if cars were just invented. We don’t see too many 1967 Shelby GT 350’s around or Chevy Cavaliers for that matter. Doesn’t bother us, we get around just fine. Some might call Paul and me ‘crabs.’
A crab is someone who takes a ‘pinch,’ or share, out of other peoples’ belongings, and they can ultimately survive from a large amount of these ‘pinches.’ So calling me, Paul, or anybody in this day and age a crab is absurd. It’s absurd because nobody owns anything anymore. Nothing. Not even the beating heart you were born with.
We were now walking next to the Shard. “Beautiful building, isn’t it?” I ask Paul with my head tilted backward, admiring the architecture. Paul slowly walked toward the building, placing his hands against the glass structure once he reached it.
“What is it?” I ask curiously. I follow his gaze to inside the building. All I saw was a wooden paneled wall which made up the center of the base floor—it’s much like a solid wooden square inside larger glass square—metallic furniture, with various cushions that didn’t look too comfortable, and more glass. Paul un-holstered his pistol and fired five shots into the glass. He kicked it and the glass shards came crashing down.
“We could have used the front door, but your way is much cooler. I’m proud of you,” I tell him sarcastically. He ran through the hole he created and ran to a Coca-Cola vending machine that I missed. From the memories I have in London—I don’t remember seeing a single Coke machine. We were in luck.
He dragged and pushed the machine feet away from the wall. When he was done with that he walked to the front of the machine and started front kicking it. I just stood outside, amused at the sight of this inanimate object kicking Paul’s ass. He threw a few shoulder butts into it followed by a series of sidekicks. I walk through the hole, take the bolo blade with my free hand, and stab the tip of it through the plastic casing. Paul stops and looks at me and I wave my hand toward the machine, “Please, continue,” I tell him with amusement. He took the handle of the blade and tried tearing the machine in half, but was unsuccessful. He then pulled the blade out of the machine and began to mindlessly hack away.
I start to laugh and Paul turns to me with furious eyes, “What? Not thirsty anymore?”
“I can live,” I tell him.
“If I get this thing open I’m not going to let you have any,” he said.
A close, ground-shaking, explosion forces Paul and I to lose our footing. Glass panes in the immediate area shatter and fall to the ground as we do. Trucks and yelling soldiers can be heard just outside the building. Instinctively, I remove the M4 from around my shoulder and replace it with the heavy duffle bag. I tuck the assault rifle into my shoulder and slowly move backward toward the empty hallway. Paul is just standing next to the vending machine, still holding the blade, with wide eyes and a dropped jaw—frozen. I kick him hard in his left hamstring and he snaps out of it. I take my blade back, out from his hand, and slide it through my belt.
“Let’s go!” I growl at him. My back ran into the wooden wall and I looked to my left to see I had about ten feet of this wall left before it was open space. Paul just put the duffle bag around his shoulders, G36 at-the-ready, and was running toward me when they came into sight. And when he first came into sight. The bastard, Vergil, was sitting passenger in the leading Humvee. Both he and the driver were intensely fixated on the battle behind them. My stomach dropped when he stepped out of the vehicle. I got a good look at his gray dress uniform with the infamous red band and black swastika across his right bicep. More soldiers came into view, crowding around Vergil—if that is his name. Two more Humvees came into view, but these had heavy machine guns mounted on top.
Paul was still running toward me when he yelled, “Let’s get the hell out of here!” Just loud enough for Vergil and his troops to hear. I watch them snap their heads to our direction. Vergil and I finally make eye contact and I let him know that I will kill him. Don’t play with the devil.
I drop to a crouch and open silenced fire on the German soldiers, providing cover for Paul as he rounded the corner behind the wooden center. I easily take out two before they jump for cover, and I turn to follow Paul. The bullets of their return fire come close as I round the corner. The surroundings are a blur as Paul and I sprint to a pair of escalators about fifty yards in front of us. Miraculously, the left side is running—hopefully we’ll run into a working elevator. Our adrenaline pushes our legs beyond a burn and carries us up the escalator within seconds. We took a U-turn and repeat the process—running up another set of escalators.
This new floor was cluttered with metallic desks, with dusty computers resting on them, and more furniture against the glass perimeter. The floor was littered with loose pieces of paper. About forty yards away, set inside the wooden center to our right, was an elevator. With haste, we make our way to the elevator and hit the ‘up’ button. To my hopes and dreams the button lights up.
Making a last line of defense, I drag the closest desk and throw it on its side. Feet in front of the first desk I throw another desk on its side for extra reinforcement. It took an extra effort to move our shields around due to their immense weight. These heavy-duty desks should do. I jump behind the second desk in line and Paul follows suit. I take off the duffle bag and set my M4 on top of the desk, ready to blast the first soldiers to show themselves into the next life. Paul is resting his back against the desk—obviously not ready.
The first couple of soldiers, in full gear, come to view. They examine their immediate area—unfocused on our fortified area. I open fire on the nearest soldier. Within three quiet shots, he hits the deck. The other target frantically searches and spots me within seconds, but it’s too late. Before he can aim and fire I put two quick shots in his head.
More explosions, from the ground, can be heard and felt. The faction holding this area must be putting up a good fight.
Five more soldiers show their faces and we open fire on each other. I kill one and drop another by shooting out his knees. Their firepower is overwhelming and I have to take cover.
“Why the hell can’t they make elevators that instantly show up?!” I yell. I look over to Paul and he’s still holding his cover.
“Help would be nice!” I scream in his ear. He takes his G36, sticking it over his left shoulder, creating blind fire. What the hell is wrong with him? I can’t stand this—it’s either him or them. If he wants to cower down in a corner, then it’s his life. I side roll to the left and take out the one exposed soldier. A loud ‘ding’ signals the elevator has arrived. I throw the duffle bag through the open elevator doors. Then I take Paul by his shoulders and shove him toward the elevator.
“Get your ass inside.” I get to my feet in a low crouch. Their barrage of fire seems endless. I take a quick leap for the elevator and hit a random button on the panel. That button happened to be ’79.’ As the doors were closing, I quickly grab a grenade, rip the pin out, and toss it to the left. A muffled explosion and screams tell me I hit my target.
Paul was sitting in a corner with the back of his head lying against the wall. Instant heat to my face blinded my emotions. I grabbed Paul’s vest and forced him to his feet. We made eye contact. I reared-back my left hand and landed a bone crunching punch on his right cheek. His back slammed against the metal railings, lining the interior walls, severely rattling the elevator.
“What the fuck is wrong with you?!” I yell in his face as I continue to bash him against the elevator wall.
“Does it not bother you their bullets have the potential to end your life? You want to end up like mom or dad? Mary?” he looked at me with fierce eyes. “I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but times have changed. You have to get used to the fact that pulling the trigger,” I hold my gun up to his face, “gets you around in this life.”
Paul straightens his stature, “It’s hard to live with the fact that I take the lives of…” he started but I didn’t let him finish.
“OPEN YOUR EYES!” I yell at him from across the tiny box. “That would be fine years ago when people walked around worrying if their next paycheck would buy them their fix of weed, but it’s not going to fly now! Mother fuckers walk around with Glocks in their shorts, and they can shoot you in the face if they feel like it. And you’re worried about shooting this new age Nazi scum who’re clearly trying to kill you? Sort your shit out.”
“I see where that kind of thinking has gotten you,” he said with a hushed voice with his head hanging.
“What?” I asked him to repeat, but I knew what he said.
“You heard me!” he yelled. “You send people to their destruction, and I reason. And my reasoning has been better for us.”  
“Reason,” I repeated
“Yeah, reason. It doesn’t matter if times have changed. Things still work the same.”
As soon as he finished, I grabbed his face with my right hand—this time, slamming his head into the wall. My vise grip held his mandible to breaking point. I got inches from his face, “Kill…or be killed, it’s as easy as that.” I let go of his face and turn away from him. “Ignorance is doing the same thing and expecting different results. I’m sure you’re educated ass can figure it out.”
“Those people at the bar have never seen us before, yet they protect our name. We’re a symbol of hope. We’re saviors…we’re heroes.” I told him. “What we have done have made us heroes.” I glance up to see we have just passed the seventieth floor. “Now…I’m not saying to change who you are. I just want you to protect who you are.” I turn to look at him. His face is incoherent but he’s shaking his head. 
The elevator slows to a stop and the doors slide open. We both stay stationary and stare passed the elevator doors. ‘I see where that kind of thinking has gotten you.’ His words lingered in my head and for some reason I felt a wave of regret. I haven’t been the best role model. And I’ve never fully appreciated his presence here with me. He’s watched my back and cared for me before, and I just punch him in the face for it.
“I’m…sorry,” I whisper to myself. I see him slowly glance up at me. “I’m sorry Paul,” I told him but I couldn’t look at him.
“It’s just…in this era, we are the decision makers. We are the old men who younger generations lean on and look up to for support. I know that means I can’t be afraid, but it also means we have to be smart,” he croaked.
I put a hand on his shoulder and he says, “Dude, gay.”
“C’mon.” He grabs our bag of clothes and follows me out into open space. The new dust-filled air is surprisingly relieving—it’s quiet. I put the bag of weapons on the ground in front of me and un-zip it—looking for the extra 5.56mm ammo for my assault rifle. A familiar sound tears me from my search. I pause and listen for a moment.
“What’s up man?” Paul asked. Then he heard it too. The single rotary of the helicopter sent vibrations through the floor, shaking our nerves. It came into view, to our left. The glass wall, that the chopper hovered in front of, was fifty yards away while the glass wall in front of us was about twenty. Quickly, I take the two parachutes out of the bag, two fragmentation grenades, and some frag ammo for Paul’s grenade launcher.
I slide a parachute to Paul’s feet.
“Don’t say a word,” I tell him as I remember our first conversation about the damned parachutes. He drops the bag and slides his arms into the chute. I do the same.
“Take what you need out of the bag!” I yelled, and he pulls out the massive sniper rifle.
“Are you kidding me?!” I scream as he is concentrating on how to carry the large weapon.
“Parachutes? Remember?” he said as he finally got a grip on the gun.
“I told you not to say anything dammit,” I said as I take Paul’s G36, slide a frag into the grenade launcher, and fire at the glass wall in front of us. The blast launches heat in all directions and glass is slung outward.
“Jump,” I tell Paul. He looks at me with horror-filled eyes as he was trying to take aim at the chopper. “What?!”
The glass to our left is blown out from gun fire. The helicopter was now turned sideways, exposing the five soldiers it’s transporting. The two soldiers who fired at the glass jumped down into the building via rope—the rest quickly follow. I slip another grenade into the gun and fire upon the helicopter—right on the money. The grenade landed in the cargo hold of the chopper, exploding on impact.
“JUMP!” I yell and push Paul toward the hole I created.
“Not this again!” he yells as he runs off. I aim the G36 to give Paul cover, but it was empty. I drop the gun and pull out my pistol, opening fire—taking out one soldier. I quickly turn, and sprint as fast as I can; leaving the bags of weapons and clothes. As soon as he dove through the hole, the soldiers opened fire. I felt several bullets tear the flesh of my shoulders and arms, but I still press on—adrenaline is a beautiful thing. As much as my torn body will allow, I take a one last step jump through the threshold.
The rush of air passing around my body is a wonderful sensation, but this time around, it magnified the pain the bullet holes caused me. I began to feel dizzy and my vision was slowly fading away. I don’t think a thousand feet in the air, plummeting toward the ground, is an ideal place to pass out.
Focus.
But I can’t. The darkness takes over, and the rushing air becomes faint. I feel my body twirling and doing somersaults in midair. Is this what failure feels like? Letting go of everything, feeling care-free—it’s quite the experience.
FOCUS! She screams at me.
My eyes fling open and I find my grip to the parachutes strap. The ground is only a hundred feet away, so I let it rip. The parachute catches air. It was only enough to slow my decent to a bearable landing. When my feet landed, my legs buckled and I painfully fall backward.
Quick moving, dark clouds slowly reveal sunlight. As the first bit of the sun comes to view, the parachute falls over my face and body.
Again, my vision becomes blurred and I close my eyes. I roll over to my stomach and somebody grabs my body, bringing me to my feet. I can hardly stand and I realize my leg was grazed by a bullet. Paul’s supporting my weight as he guides us to the closest Humvee. He throws his sniper in the back of the truck and he helps me climb in. Paul hops in the driver seat and searches for the key. I slowly start to slip away when he finds it in the center console and fires up the engine. When we start driving, I notice the surrounding area isn’t familiar.
“A23, right?” Paul calls back.
“Yes,” I confirm.
He takes a sharp left turn and the Shard comes into sight. I lay my head back and try to relax. “Shit!” Paul yells. A couple of roaring engines can be heard on our tail. I sit up and try to keep my head in the game. The last time I felt this horrible I could’ve sworn I was going to kick the bucket, but I couldn’t let Paul and her down. I had to stick it through.
One of the Humvees pulls up next to us and a soldier was sitting in the open back seat. He jumped from the back of his Humvee, aiming for ours. Unfortunately for him, he missed. The remains of his limp body stuck to the grill of the second Humvee trailing us. I yell back, “This isn’t an action movie dumb a…” A loud pop from a shotgun cut me off. The majority of the shot hit me in the chest, and a single pellet hitting my neck. The shot knocked the air from my lungs, but luckily he was too far to do massive damage.
“Where did you come from?” I croak to the other soldier sitting in the back seat. I grab Paul’s Barrett sniper while Paul reaches back and grabs the M4 that was still wrapped around my shoulder. I aim the cannon at the soldier who shot me. The bastard. I fire three .50 caliber shots at him—taking off his head and splitting him in half. Paul unloads a clip of the assault rifle into the driver. The Humvee pulls left and crashes into a brick structure. I position the sniper to my liking, aiming behind us, and lay in prone. It hurts, but it builds character. I look through the scope and see the horror-struck face of the driver. He pulls evasive driving, but it doesn’t matter. I follow him and unleash the remaining seven shots in his direction. The trucks slowing engine can be heard, as it was visible, when we started to pull away. Smoke and fire was all I could see from that second vehicle.
Relief washes over as I lay back down with the sniper resting on my chest. “Don’t say a word,” I croaked as the dizziness comes back, and I welcome the darkness.
9. Interrogation…
I wake up from the loud chatter in the other room, grateful that I’m wrapped in bandages and covered in blankets. The bandages are soaked in sweat as it continues to flow down my bare back and torso. I try and move bits of my body—checking which parts still function correctly. First, I flex, bend, and twist my left leg in all possible ways. Starting with my hamstring, ending with my toes—everything feels fine. My right leg is a different story. I try to flex my quad muscles, but I stop due to sharp pains shooting all the way up my spine. After that, I stopped trying. Pain builds character, but I suppose I’ve done enough character building for now.
I try and relax a bit longer, regaining full use of my eyes. I look around to see I’m in a cozy spot. The soft, small, bed I lay on is accompanied by a small wooden stand where two white candles sat burning, providing the light. Not even ten feet away stood the small wooden door. The walls were made of thick, dark colored, stones. By my feet was a small rocking chair. Other than that, the room contained nothing interesting.
I wasn’t sure if I was awake through most of it, or I dreamt it. I can picture the Gatwick airport. I remember Paul, supporting my weight, leading me to the two airplanes—an AC-130U and a C-130 Hercules. In fact, I asked one of the many who ran to our rescue how they got Spooky—the impressive black bird that rained fire upon the prison earlier. And I vaguely remember some of them saying I was going to be ok—I guess they weren’t lying. What I remember most were their faces. Members of the St. Andrews crew had a mixture of facial expressions. I can mostly see relief and horror in their eyes. The few women with them cried. But what lifted my spirits was when they all started clapping for Paul and me. That’s the most I can recall.
More laughter and chatter is emitting from another room—wherever that is. I guess I should go where the fun is. I sit up slowly, but I still get a nasty head rush. Stiff muscles and copious amounts of bandages wrapped around my chest and arms make it an extra effort to move. I swing my feet around and bring them to the ground. The cold stone floor feels good against my feet. With one heave, I bring myself to a stand. There were sharp pains here and there, but nothing unbearable. Next to my feet was that damn sniper rifle. I laugh to myself and notice my bolo blade was standing upright against the night stand. I can’t believe it’s still with me. I grab the blade and slide it through my belt—I don’t go anywhere without this thing. I swayed toward the door and swing it open.
The next room is larger than I expected. The main quarters were only a few feet away, and a large sofa sat in the middle. Just beyond that was a bar with a small, square, wooden table with several matching chairs. The bar marked the division between the immediate living room in front of me, and the relatively smaller kitchen. There were a couple of people in the kitchen talking to the group standing by the bar—all drinking beer and laughing. The square table was hosting an arm-wrestling match, and the clutter of people around them cheering. Paul sat at the right end of the sofa, carrying on a conversation with the beautiful Alyse. Her body was positioned so that it was facing Paul—there arms touching. At the other end of the sofa was another woman, older yet attractive and slender, talking to an older man who was standing in front of her.
I take a few steps forward, trying to reach the sofa and the loud chatter disperses to oblivion. I pause in my step, and look up. Everyone is staring at me with blank faces. Paul is nodding his head and baring his teeth in a grin.
“Anybody got any fruit?” I ask half-heartedly; it was the only thing I could think of eating right now. A man in the kitchen disappears behind a wall and reappears, “Oi!” he yelled. In his hand was an orange the size of a softball. He tossed it to me, and I barely caught it after a brief fumble.
Another man at the bar puts his mug in the air and says, “To Gabriel Reed,” in a Scottish accent. I raise the orange in the air and say, “Cheers,” with a faint smile. Everyone else throws their beers up and cheers. I proceed to the sofa and everyone resumes the cheery atmosphere. The old man, standing in front of the sofa, puts his hand on my shoulder and tells me, “I’m glad you made it. As I told your brother, it’s an honor to meet the legends. I’m still baffled at the fact that you two are only children.”
“Children, only in the mind’s eye,” I tell him with a smile.
“Yes, indeed.” He said and I just caught wind of his accent.
“American?” I asked.
“I am, yes. I was a professor of engineering at the University of Texas in Austin…”
“The Longhorns?” I asked the old man while looking at Paul—wondering if Paul knew the professor from one of his classes.
“Yes, and no,” he said answering my question without me asking. “I never had the pleasure of meeting your brother, until now.”
“My classes were nowhere near his,” Paul added
“Ah,” I confirmed. “Sorry to interrupt.”
“It’s no problem Gabriel,” he said and continued, “When Project Apocalypse underwent, and succeeded, I decided it wasn’t best to stay in America for it was the most hostile place on earth at the time.” I examined him closer and he did fit my image of a professor well. He had on a thick blue cotton sweater and black slacks with black dress shoes. His hair was neatly combed back and he had an epic beard covering his face.
When he finished, the woman behind him on the sofa stood and came to his side. “So, I suggested that our family move back to my homeland,” she said in a Scottish accent.
“Ah,” the professor said. “This is my wife, Anna,” I held out my hand but she approached me, smiling, and wrapped her arms around me. I welcomed the hug. It was a sensation I haven’t felt in ages. When she let go, her husband held his hand out smiling.
“I’m Jack.” I shook it and he turned toward Paul and the attractive young girl. “And the young lady over there, who seems quite fond of your brother, is my daughter Alyse.”
“Dad,” she groaned, and she shot me a smile and a wave. She had her mother’s narrow face, and her long brown hair. But she had Jack’s intense green eyes.
“We’ve had the pleasure of meeting,” I tell her parents. “Be careful with him. He’s fragile,” I say to Alyse jokingly.
“Only in the mind’s eye,” Paul said with crossed eyes and in his mocking imitation of me—the most ridiculous face he could muster.
I turn back to Jack and say, “That’s what he normally looks like when he’s not trying to impress anybody,” with my thumb pointing at Paul. Anna and Jack laugh, but soon stop as a scruffy, curly-haired man walked between them, shoving them to the side. The chatter faded from the room once again. The man’s face was smug, but the smugness didn’t fit his eyes—they were red, wet, and tired. He was upset about something, and I had a feeling I was about to find out.
“Gabriel Reed…” he started drunkenly—another Scot.
“That would be me,” I said flatly.
“One half of the great Reed brothers. You’ve been through some serious shit. Some extreme experience,” he said and I had no idea where he was going with this.
“Now…you fought alongside my brother, Alastair, in the prison, right?”
Ah, shit. My head hung, and I looked him in the eyes, “He died honorably.  He died fighting.”
“So why couldn’t you, with all your experience, do anything for him?” Another man walked from the bar and put his hands on Alastair’s brother’s shoulders. “C’mon Alan, it was unfortunate what happened, and you know Gabriel didn’t want him dead…” the British man said. Alan shrugged the Brit off, and approached me.
“If it was me and Paul in that hallway, I would have done everything in my power to make sure he made it out alive,” he said inches from my face. He walked passed me and into the room I just left a moment ago.
“I’m sorry, he…” the British man started but I waved him off.
“He has the right to be mad,” I tell him. “The loss of a loved one shouldn’t be dealt with any other way,” I finished and went to the sofa. I sat just in front of it, on the ground, my back against the sofa. I bite into the orange peel, and the cheerful atmosphere slowly returns. Jack whispers something in Anna’s ear, and he walks into the room with Alan. She looks at me and takes a seat at my side as I continue to peel away.
“I’m really sorry about that. If you couldn’t tell, he’s really upset,” she told me.
“It’s no biggie. I know how he feels,” I reply and tear away a slice and pop it in my mouth.
“Forgive me for asking, but who did you lose?” she asked. I didn’t mind telling. If you’ve lost something, after a while it’s like you’ve never had it in the first place.
“My mother and father, and my sister, Mary.”
She ‘hmm-ed’ and ‘ah-ed,’ “Guessing from your relationship with Paul, I’d assume you were fairly close to them?”
“Yeah,” I say, putting another couple slices in my mouth. What else could I say? ‘Yeah, they died. My father picked his nose a lot, and my mother had bad gas…’
I chew on a few more slices and she asks, “There wasn’t anybody else?”
“No,” I said bluntly. I’m starting to get a little irritated. I turn to see both Paul and Alyse were looking at me.
“Nobody else close to you, lost their life?” she pushed.
“No,” I snapped. Was she some kind of fucking psychiatrist or something? Paul shifted around, but I was looking at Anna so I couldn’t tell what he was doing. She placed her left hand on my right, “What about your fiancé?”
I immediately calm down and smile, “What about her?”
“Where is she?”
“She’s at home,” I tell her.
“I see,” she mumbles. “So when are you guys getting married?”
“As soon as I’m sent home. I only have a couple more months. I can’t wait to see her again.”
I could only smile. I can picture her beautiful face, smiling back at me. For a moment, all I hear is my breathing. She mouths ‘I’m coming home.’ I want to hear her voice. Her sweet, musing voice. 
I come to and look down to realize I finished the orange, and a fly lands on my hand. I swat it away, but it swerves in quick ‘8’s’ in my face. I shoo it away again, but it quickly returns. I hate you. I fucking hate you.
“Gabriel…” Anna started, “Paul told me what happened to her…”
“Okay! Hey Gabriel…” Paul said getting up from his seat, and squatting down next to Anna. “I see you finished your orange. Let me get you a plate of the sheep’s bladder we had earlier. I know, sounds disgusting, but it’s pretty damn good…trust me.” He turns to look at Anna, with concern, and shakes his head, “Please.” Then he strides off for the kitchen.
Once he brought up food, my stomach started screaming at me. Anna and Alyse start laughing.
“Get off me,” I say jokingly.
Their giggling dies out, “How long has grandpa been in there mom?” Alyse asks.
“About thirty minutes now,” she replied.
Curiosity runs through me, “Your grandfather started the St. Andrews faction?” I guess.
“Him, and some of his friends,” Alyse confirmed.
“Don’t be modest Ally,” her mom says. She turns to me and said while pointing at Alyse, “It was mostly the little she-devil’s doing,”
I turn to Alyse, impressed, “You? Really?”
She blushes and says, “Well I had some serious influences.” She answers my confused look by pointing up at the ceiling to our left. Hanging from the wall, side by side, were two black flags that I knew all too well. On both flags, sprawled in white spray paint, read ‘Liberty NOW!’  And on the bottom of both flags read ‘G. Reed,’ on the left and ‘P. Reed,’ on the right. Awe struck, I get to my feet and walk toward them, reaching up and touch the black fabric.
“Remember when you thought that was ridiculous too? Just like the parachutes?” Paul said smugly.
“Where did you get these?” I asked, ignoring Paul.
“The one on the left, my grandfather got from New York City. And the one on the right…we got from Austin, Texas,” Alyse told me.
I look back at her and turn back to the flag to the right.
“Our first one,” Paul confirmed from the kitchen. I turn back.
“Wait…New York City?” I say smiling—reminiscing the ‘fun’ we had there. I start laughing, “Jumping from the Empire State building is fun,” I told them.
I look back and they’re looking at me with awe. “We were in a jam. A serious one…we thought we were going to die,” I said.  “But…when in desperation, you do the craziest shit.”
Paul returned with a plate of some kind of steaming gray matter. He handed it to me, and I just look at it.
“I know,” he said, “I know.” He sat back on the sofa, next to Alyse, and I sat in my original spot—scarfing down the food. It was scorching hot, but I was starving.
“You jumped from the Empire State Building?” Alyse asked Paul in a whisper. Paul started laughing.
“What have you been telling her?”
“Just some good times,” I tell him in between bites.
Paul scoffs, “Good times.”
A man, down the hall from the kitchen, could be heard screaming, “Fuck you! You old bastard!” Everybody stops and turns to the voice. Anna and Alyse get up, and walk down the hall—adjacent to the kitchen. Paul and I follow. Down the short hall was a lone room, and an old man standing just outside the doorway. He was closing the door, so I didn’t get a good look inside. What I did see was a black man, strapped to a chair, in the middle of the room. Once the door shut, I focused on the old man who was wiping the blood from his hands. He was wearing a white t-shirt, covered in blood, and blue jeans with suspenders. His short gray hair was slicked back with a few messy strands sticking up, here and there.
“You have a prisoner?” My question wasn’t directed to anybody specific.
“Yeah,” Alyse said. “He’s a high ranking mercenary among Pollick’s group. We snatched him up while we were escaping from Seventh-Gate.”
“What’s the point of beating him?” I asked.
“Information,” she said. “He’s considered a general in their ranks. So naturally, he has to know something.”
“Something…” I repeated to myself. It’s broad, but anything helps at this point. We have nothing to go on—no information on leader whereabouts, base of operations, or any other juicy stuff. Now that I think about it, past information Paul and I got was purely luck. In the right place at the right time was all.  
I make my way through the crowded hall, and confront Alyse’s grandfather—Paul shows up at my side.
“Anything interesting?” I asked him.
“Nothing,” he said in his Scottish accent—still wiping the blood from his hands. He’s a burly old man. His beer gut is more prominent than Jack’s. His gray beard reached down to his chest. This man had as many scars on his body as I do. His face holds a collection of small scars, mixed in with a series of wrinkles.
He looked up at me then smiled. “Ah, Gabriel. I’m Andrew Hound.  It’s nice to see you up and moving.” I give him a nod and look at the door.
“I can’t even get his name. All he says is how his men are coming to kill us all,” he chuckled.
A man yelled from behind me, “Let me have a go. I can knock some sense into him.”
Another man yelled, “Yeah, you’ve been at it for half an hour now. Let us go in there.”
I look back at Paul and ask, “Can I get another orange?” The disgusting after-taste of the sheep’s bladder hit me. Paul looked puzzled and turned to fight his way out of the crowded hall.
“Now fellas,” Andrew started, “There’s no way he’s going to tell us. I’m probably just going to end him.”
The group objected with shouts and incoherent yelling. This had Andrew second guessing. He was looking down at the ground—weighing his options. A tap on my shoulder turned me around and Paul was holding out an orange. I tell him thanks and put my hand on the door knob. Everybody quickly falls silent.
Andrew put his hand on my shoulder, “Look son. I don’t think terrorizing him is going to get you any precious intel.”
“I’m just going to sit down and have a chat,” I told him.
Some guys behind me start objecting further—wanting their turn to wail on his face.
I turn to Paul and say, “Doing the same thing and expecting different results.”
“Ignorance,” he confirmed.
Anna
10. Discretion
I paused and the scurrying sound of pencil sliding across paper was left to float about the room. There were only a few left who didn’t feel the need to write anything, but they were listening intently nonetheless. And that was good enough for me.
“So, after further interrogation Gabriel managed to extract intelligence that would lead them back to what was formerly known as America or ‘The States,’ as many people called it back then…” One of the kids, from the center section, held his hand up—cutting me off a bit short.
“Yes?” I called out to him.
“I’m not sure if it was in your agenda or not, but how exactly did Gabriel get the intel? It sounded like everybody else tried and failed. I was just interested in what he did different.”
I could only pause and think carefully. I could lie, I could tell them the truth, or I could simply omit. Lying goes against my character. The truth hurts. And omitting just stinks. If I were a student, I wouldn’t want the teacher to keep anything from me. Of course, I’d be biased in my attempt for the truth. Then it wouldn’t be the truth. I look around the audience and realize I’ve paused too long. Mom, what would you tell them?
Everybody has flaws.
“To be honest, that information has never been passed on. So there’s no way of knowing, unless you’ve actually seen it yourself. Which is a bummer because all I know is that Gabriel entered that room alone,” and the silence continued. “Not even Paul knew. Maybe if you had a time machine,” I added with a shrug and chuckle and the audience joins in on the humor. That sucked.
“Alright, I know you guys are bored. So I’ll wrap it up for today,” I look at my watch. Twenty minutes passed schedule. “I’ll resume tomorrow—same time.” A majority of the students moan and groan in objection, while others immediately stand and head for the doors.
The creep, sitting in front of me, stands up and approaches me. “You have lovely green eyes,” he told me. Again, I could only pause. What is with this guy?
“Sorry, but I’m just not interested,” I tell him. He drops his head, “Can’t blame a guy,” he said and makes his way up the stairs toward the doors. Yeah…I can.
Once the auditorium is clear, with an exception of a few stragglers, I plop myself down in the chair the creep occupied. I look up at the last slide the projector shown on the screen: two black flags with ‘Liberty NOW!’ and their initials sprawled in white spray paint.
I can’t take my mind off of the question from earlier. What would they think of the older Reed brother if they knew he wasn’t ‘stable?’
I didn’t lie, entirely, in my answer. Only those who were there knew what went down in that room, and it wasn’t passed on because nobody ever spoke of it…except my mom. What Gabriel didn’t know, was that the interrogation room wasn’t sound proof. I turned around to see the old man sitting forward in his seat. His head was down, but I could see his eyes. The pained expression of when you remember something that you want erased. He looks up at me then smiles and nods.
I turned back around and stare at the projection while I replay my mom’s memories as my own…
11. …Interrogation
The room was dark with the exception of a single candle, lying on the floor by the prisoner’s feet. It was dank, with an aroma of sweat and blood. Puddles of water stay still on the hard floor—mirroring the stone ceiling. The stone walls were stained with several anonymous substances.
The African-American male was bound to the metal chair which lay in the middle of the room. The chair itself was bolted to the floor, and the American mercenary had his arms behind him, his legs tied to the chair’s legs with thick rope. His head hung, leaving me to face his bald head.
I stood in front of him for a few seconds before lying down on the ground. He threw his head up. His facial structure is disfigured by the beatings he undoubtedly received. He had a broken nose, swollen eyes, split and cracked lips—he’s a mess.
He wore what a typical mercenary wore: his own clothes to his desire. He wore camouflage pants with a tank top and a vest. Over his heart, pinned to the tactical vest, was a small silver eagle. The eagle with a shield badge signified a captain or colonel of the U.S. Armed Forces. What it was called among the Apocalypse soldiers, I didn’t know.
What does a man of his rank and stature, think in this position? No better way than to ask.
“What’s going on in that head of yours?” I asked him.
He looks at me for a few seconds. “You my fucking psychiatrist?”
I laugh aloud. “Funny you should mention that…I hate psychiatrists. But is that any way to speak to a stranger?”
“Oh, I know who you are,” he said glaring at me.
“Well that’s not very fair now, is it? You know who I am, but I don’t know who you are.”
“You’re going to have to hit me a few more times for that info. Which is pointless because I’m not gonna tell you anyways.” He spit on the ground between us.
“I’m not here to hurt you. Besides I just wanted to know more about you so we could have a more in-depth conversation…”
“I don’t want to talk to you,” he snapped back at me.
“Yeah you do,” I told him in a stern voice. “I bet you rarely get to talk about yourself nowadays. Which sucks for you because before the Apocalypse came along, that’s all anybody did. I bet you fit right in.” He sat in still silence. “I’m sure you miss the old world,” I said after a few moments and he spit in my direction.
“You should save your fluids,” I instructed him.
“The old world got humanity nowhere. We just went around in circles with no form of ingenuity advancing anything,” he refuted.
“That’s a little vague isn’t it?” I replied. “In that sense though, I give you kudos. Most people who didn’t agree with the established order simply told others not to believe in it. Not believing in anything is just as useless. Antagonizing old ideas and not creating anything of their own…”
“Enough of your rambling,” he said, cutting me short.
“You’re right,” I agreed. “That talk puts me in a bad mood anyways.”
“So what branch of service were you in?” I asked.
He continued to glare through furrowed brows. “If you were in the service that is. Knowing where you are now, I’d assume you were,” I told him. He still glares—I haven’t softened him up enough.
“I was in The Army, not sure if you knew that or not,” I told him.
“Special Forces,” he confirmed.  “We know more about you than you think.”
“I feel like a superstar,” I tell him. I was more focused on the emphasis he put in ‘Green Beret.’ It had me thinking.
“You were in special warfare as well?” I said in more of a statement than a question. He broke his glare and hung his head.
“Ah,” I said. We’re getting somewhere. “SEALs? Some other special operations?” I pushed. He said nothing—still hanging his head making it impossible to read his face.
“You go to Iraq?” I asked him and he flinches. “I spent most of my time over there, but I’m sure you already knew that.”
I close my eyes and reminisce. “We went through some crazy shit. One I’ll always remember is when we were trying to get locals to come forth and give up some hostiles living within their ranks. Well, they were scared shitless. So, naturally, they never came. When our L.T. decided to go to them, you could imagine our group was a bit concerned for our own well-being, but I mean it’s our job to be the diplomats. You don’t sign up for a job and not do it.” I open my eyes to study the prisoner. He seems intent on hearing more, so I continue. “Anyways, we made it there—bearing gifts. And all seemed well. They were ecstatic to see us—none of us knew it was because they did their part in our destruction. A couple of them were strapped with heavy explosives. Within a couple of seconds, half of my team was dead.”
“Shit,” he whispered.
“Pretty much,” I replied. “The rest of us didn’t run just then,” and he looked up at me confused. “The anger got the best of us,” I admitted. He seemed a bit upset, which pissed me off—squeezing the fruit in my hand, nearly making a handful of pulp. I get to my feet, “You’re upset?! Are you oblivious to the shit you partake? Or are you just that much a hypocrite?” He hangs his hand, but with my free hand, I put his face in a vise grip, “Don’t look away from me soldier. Is this what you learned in the military?” He snatches his face away.
“Don’t call me that,” he snarled. That struck a nerve.
I take a step back, sit down with my legs crossed, and bite into the orange peel. “Why not?” I ask him as I take a chunk of peel off the orange.
He takes in a large breath and sighs, “I was a lieutenant myself—marine recon. But I did my time as quickly as possible and joined the FBI. I wanted to get out of the shit as soon as possible.”
“Not proud of your service to your country?” I ask while taking the last bit of peel off the fruit.
“Are you?!” he snapped back.
“Of course I am. It’s why I joined in the first place,” I tell him with a smile. I tear apart a couple of slices and toss it in my mouth. “But our experiences obviously differ,” I tell him with orange juice oozing from the corners of my lips.
“Lemme just say that my story isn’t as noble as yours,” he explained. I popped in a few more slices.
“I don’t know if I’d call it ‘noble,’ but I’ve got time,” I tell him through a mouth full.
“Time I don’t want to spend sharing my lift story!” he snapped. I feel the anger rising.
“Does it make sense, that someone who is ashamed of their military life because of some ‘unethical incidences,’” I put my hands up and signaled quotation marks, “would join The Army of the Apocalypse?” Though I’m a little upset, I keep my calm.
“You wouldn’t understand,” he said.
“Your right, I wouldn’t.” I close my eyes and eat the last couple of slices—enjoying them to their potential. I began to think of our conversation so far. And all I really got was that Pollick’s reach in recruitment wasn’t limited to just military—he was an FBI agent before he turned.
“So how was it that you were recruited into this damned army?”
“I joined out of hate,” he told me. “I hated the idea of peace running amuck within the world leader’s minds. My life consisted of me standing still playing with my balls.”
“What’s your point?” I asked—beginning to get annoyed. “The world was, finally, at peace.”
“Don’t be naive,” he grinned. “I stood around; knowing something like Project Apocalypse was going to happen. There will always be tyrants. There will always be evil. Peace is just a blindfold people like to wear to shield them from reality,” he said.
“So you join the tyrants on the side of evil? Because of this blindfold?” I asked
“Hate,” he repeated.
“Hate,” I scoffed. “I don’t understand your logic. Hate is just a burning itch in the back of your head. An annoyance if anything. You should know from first hand that acting on it will get you nowhere.”
He started laughing, “Oh, you couldn’t be more wrong. You have it in you, I can tell.”
I think about her. “I’ve hated plenty of things before; I’m not going to lie. But then I grew up.”
“It’s still with you,” he said laughing. “Something like the death of a fiancé doesn’t just go away.”
I snap my head up, and he’s wearing an annoying smirk. The door behind me starts shaking within its frame. But the flowing anger through my body has my mind elsewhere.
“Like I said, we know more than you think,” he said. He’s getting to me, and he knows it. I want another orange. Take my mind off things.
“Did you get to see her before she died? Because I know they took their time with her,” he pushed. This couldn’t be true. For when I found her she had one injury, and it was fatal. I can’t let him crawl under my skin. I close my eyes and try to control my thoughts, but I can’t help them from wandering toward her.
I remember the destructed state of Pensacola when I arrived. I remember the horror I felt as I drove down the street to our home. The neighboring houses were destroyed, with people outside mourning their dead. I drove up our front lawn, and entered through the front door—it was already knocked off its hinges. I ran through the house—frantically checking the kitchen, the living room, the bathroom. I stopped when I entered our bedroom. She was motionless on the floor—lying in a pool of her own blood. Shot in the heart.
His laughing broke me from my trance, and I realized I was thinking out loud. “That poor bitch. Did you fall to your knees and cry?” he said mockingly.
“You will never see me on my knees,” I said with my eyes still closed.
“Maybe you should’ve checked closer for any other wounds. I remember some of the guys talking. How she had the nicest ass they’d ever seen.”
I open my eyes.
“Ouch, that hit something,” he said smiling. Something did ‘hit me’ but I’m not sure what. I feel…different.
I look at him smiling, “You know, I haven’t seen the sun in,” I pause and think, “actually I don’t remember the last time I saw the sun.” I get to my feet and pick up a chunk of orange peel. “But I don’t know why I wish to see it. Because when you look at the sun, the damn thing burns your eyes.” I put my left hand on the top of his head and held his eye open with my thumb. I folded the peel and held it up to his face—squeezing the acid into his exposed eye. He screams and I start to laugh.
I start pacing in front of him, “You know,” I started, “I think you’re right.” He looked at me with his unharmed eye. I get in his face. “I am filled with hate.” I take a step back and begin to ramble. “Even the smallest things would set me off. Boys, beating the helpless girls they stalk. Wanna-be gangsters, totting around guns—thinking it makes them men while not having a care for anything else. Rednecks, doing anything they please. Chinks, speeding around in their rice rockets. Fucking druggies. Lawyers, defending the bad guys. Damned politicians. Neo-Nazi’s and their blind prejudice…”
Again, I got in his face, “I hate whites, blacks, browns, oranges and greens. I hate Satan and I hate God. I hate country music. I hate the faggot Jonas Brothers. I hate the color yellow. I hate white chocolate. I hate you, and I hate me.” He continued to blink heavily—trying to relieve his eyes of the citric acid. “Shit, I hate Santa Claus,” I chuckled. “That sonuvabitch never gave me what I wanted.”
He was rapidly shaking his head, and still groaning from the pain in his eyes. “I thought you weren’t going to hurt me,” he said—changing the subject.
He wasn’t laughing. I took a step back, “You’re right,” I started. “I said, ‘I didn’t come in here to hit you.’” He relaxed a bit and I said, “I came in here to kill you.” He stiffened at the thought. I’m trying my hardest to keep calm, but my anger is making me tremble from head-to-toe.
I walked behind his back. What to do? What to do? His imagination must be running wild right now—wondering what will happen to him. I start to laugh when he twists his head around—trying to see his predator. Quickly, I wrap my left arm around his neck and use my right arm to lock it in. He spasms in attempt to free himself, but it’s useless.
“One of the worst feelings in the world is knowing you’re about to die and not being able to save yourself,” I tell him through gritted teeth. Within seconds his consciousness begins to fade, and he goes limp. I let go, but he’s still limp. I walk around to see his face, and I start to laugh at the sight. His eyes are wide and empty, his face pale, and his mouth was open struggling for air.
“I’ve never seen that before,” I chuckled. “It’s like purgatory. You’re in between consciousness and unconsciousness.” I stood, feet from his face, waiting…
“So…what’s it gonna be?” I asked him as he stayed lifeless in purgatory.
I waited a few more moments before backhanding his face. Soon after he finally manages to gasp for air, and the color returns to his face. He looks around aimlessly—wondering what the hell just happened.
“That feeling must suck,” I tell him while laughing.
“Fuck you,” he gasped.
Still laughing, I nonchalantly walk behind him. This time I grab his head, with my right hand on his chin and my left wrapping around behind his ears. Slowly, and as far as his neck will allow, I turn his head to the right. He starts to grunt and groan.
“Now, this feeling sucks. I know from experience,” I tell him. Spit starts shooting out from between his lips. His neck cracks and I know moving it the slightest bit and he’s dead.
“Knowing I only have to move your head another inch to break your neck must seriously bother you,” I chuckle. “And now I’d imagine your neck muscles getting tired—making it much more difficult to resist.” He starts screaming louder. “Just tap out! C’mon man, tap out! Don’t be a hero!” I yell in his ear. His bound hands were against my left leg, and I felt him tap my knee. I start to laugh.
I let go of my hold, and he starts stretching his neck. “Man. What the hell is wrong with you?!” he yelled.
“I’m fucked up,” I snickered. “At least I don’t march around destroying any life I please.” He said nothing.
I walked around to his front and pulled out my bolo blade. “My mother was raised in Manila, so I spent a lot of time in the Philippines—visiting her family and all that jazz. Well, one of the things I picked up was the deadly art of Kali. Now, you’re probably thinking it can’t be that deadly because it’s only a Filipino form of martial arts. But I’d change your mind if you saw me in action.” He was looking at me with horror as I practiced Kali moves with the blade. “You see, it’s a martial art form where you use weapons like knives or bamboo—which can be translated to this blade I have here,” I said showing him the twenty-inch blade. “Let me show you.”
I walk up to him, and pull back his vest to reveal more of his chest. With a few lightening quick attacks I begin to hack away at his body. I feel the sharp blade easily sink into his skin, and each time I yank it out I hear the satisfying sound of metal unsheathing from raw meat. He screams with each contact.
I pull back, “Pretty cool, huh?” He has severe lacerations across his chest and shoulders. I get up close and pull apart some of the cuts on his body—blood streaming. “Oh yeah! I can see some of them fat cells now!”
“I thought you weren’t going to hurt me,” he gasped.
“Damn it! Don’t you listen?” I said pulling away. “I said ‘I wasn’t here to hurt you.’ Sure, I’ve definitely been causing you pain. No doubt about that, but I’m merely exploring my options as to how I’m going to end your life. I just don’t know which will be more fun.”
“Man, aren’t you supposed to be some kind of savior? Like a merciful hero?” he said in desperation.
“That’s more along the lines of my brother,” I tell him. “You see, you take a recipe…” I start to explain. I can tell he’s confused, but he refuses to look at me. “A delicious recipe and you mix in the perfect amount of ingredients. You taste it, and it tastes oh so good. Now, you take that same recipe and you try to make seconds—because it tastes oh so good. But this time, while you’re adding the spices…the lid falls off.” I grab his head, and force him to look in my eyes. “You taste that second recipe, and can’t stand it. It kicks and tears at the inside of your mouth. It stings your tongue. So you spit it out…” I glare into his fear-filled eyes. “You clean the recipe you just spat on the floor, and you realize it’s an amazing cleaning solution—taking off the dirt and grime off your floor.” He tries to pull his head out of my grasp, but I hold him tighter. “I’m that second recipe…here to clean the dirt and grime,” I growl in his face.
Letting go, and taking several steps back, I yell, “I’m not a savior! I’m no hero!” I run up to him, inches from his face, “I’m a fucking psychopath. I’m a killer, out to kill those who stand in the way of my salvation.” I took five paces back and closed my eyes—anger fueling lost state of mind.
‘Control,’ she said.
I open my eyes.
A lone fly is circling feet from my face. “GOD DAMN IT!” I yell and pull out my pistol. Swerving in quick circles, he dodges my shots. I unload the clip in trying to shoot the fly. He’s gone. I must have got him. I focus my sight on the prisoner, and he has several bullet holes riddled throughout his body. Nothing fatal though. I slowly walk up to him and put my ear to his chest.
“That sound is beautiful,” I said as I listened to his gurgling gasps.
“Sorry about that,” I apologized. “Pain does build character though. So I guess I did you a favor…you can thank me later.”
“Go home,” he gasped. “Go home…that would be your next best move.”
As soon as he finished, I held the gun up to his chest.”
“But…” he started
“I guess I’m a liar. It’s a shame though. I was leaning toward breaking your neck.” He nodded toward the badge on his chest. I reached over and tore off the ‘Captain’ badge from his shirt, and he smiled. I examine the badge to discover a series of tiny circuits. A transmitter.
Finally, my head is clear. Damn splitting headache keeps me from thinking straight. How long would it be till they showed? And who exactly are ‘they?’
I look up and he is still smiling at me. I aim a little higher and fire three shots into his grinning mouth.
My legs carried me to the door, and my hand opened it. On the other side were many faces. These faces had wide eyes, and for some reason they backed away when I approached. One face followed me as my legs carried me to an old face. My hand holds out the tiny device to the old face, and it takes it.
“We have to move,” the face whispered. Then it yelled, “WE HAVE TO MOVE!”
The face that was following me asked me something. My mouth said, “The British are coming. The British are coming.”
Anna
12. My Father
I shut the door to my office, and mindlessly head for my wooden desk—plopping myself down on the cozy leather chair.
Tomorrow is going to be harsh—the second part of this story always is. It’s hard to give them as much information as possible, and keeping out the unnecessary. And there is always the problem with my emotions. They run amuck every time.
Fiddling around with the contents of my desk always keeps me calm—especially the large picture of my mother and father. He stood tall, his chin high with a wide grin, and mom, pressed against him, wrapped her arms around his waist. He always makes me smile.
I have to remind myself that the remarkable man is my father. Hearing, telling, and reading of him makes me believe he’s some kind of comic book super hero.
My mother’s voice echoes in my head—I retell his story through my mom’s words. It’s not like him to talk about himself.
Hope
13. Back to School
“You’ve never seen his evil looking ass before?” I asked
“No,” Alyse replied laughing. “And Gabriel thinks he’s the third leader?”
“Yeah. He said his name was Vergil. He put on a pretty good show—wearing inmate clothes and all. I should have listened to Gabriel—he called shenanigans as soon as he saw him.”
“So…Where is he?” Andrew asked. “I don’t like being in one spot for too long, especially now that we’re in America.” He had a point, but it’s only been a couple of hours since we arrived. And maybe half an hour since Gabriel left.
“I don’t know,” was all I could reply. Gabriel is starting to worry me.
The St. Andrews group had both C-130’s ready for take-off, and Gabriel was nowhere to be seen. It was cold and cloudy as we stood on the runways of Pensacola Gulf Coast Regional Airport. It was getting colder as minutes passed and there was no sign of Gabriel. Alyse was trying to calm me, and I realized I was getting seriously agitated.
“He didn’t tell you anything?” She asked with concern.
“No. But this is where we did most of our growing up. So there are a thousand places he could have gone,” I said.
“Where did you see him last?” she asked me.
“It was when we were all inside the airport—raiding its supply of food,” I started and continued to think. “We made it to one vending machine by this bookstore,” I said as I replayed mine and his every action. Then it hit me, and I sighed in relief.
“What is it? Where is he?” she asked me with haste.
“We were snacking on a bag of chips when he suddenly stopped. The bookstore had their walls lined with posters of classic books. And he was staring at the poster of A Tree Grows in Brooklyn.” She looked confused when I finished. “The poster had a picture of a giant tree under the title” I mumbled to myself and jogged toward the airport’s parking garage.
“Wait!” Alyse yelled and was close on my heels. “Where are you going?”
“Pine Forest High School,” I replied.
“I’m coming with you,” she said, and I stopped. I tried to study her face as she stood in front of me, staring at the ground.
“What if they leave without us?” I asked.
“I’d rather be with you,” she whispered just loud enough for me to hear.
“Are you serious? You haven’t even known me for that long, and that’s your family over there,” I stated dumbly.
“I know,” she said still hanging her head—kicking nonexistent rocks with her feet. “Plus, I feel safer when I’m with you and your brother,” she added.
I could only smile. “Well…let’s find us a car,” I said.
“Give me a sec,” she said smiling and turned to run to her awaiting mother and father. I wonder what they would say. I know if it were my parents’ they would most definitely say no. They never did let me do anything…not even go out for a run. What sucked most was that Mary and Gabriel were already out of the house, so I didn’t have anybody to hang out with. Most of the kids in my school were retarded, but whatever. They exchanged a few words, gave them a hug, and she ran back to me. That easy? As she was running to me, Jack gave me a look that said ‘take care of her.’ I would kill myself if anything was to happen to her, but I was ecstatic she was tagging along. Is that selfish?
“They said they would meet us there,” she informed me.
“But they don’t know where it is,” I said. She rolled her eyes to this and said, “They’re not morons. They know how to read a map. Plus they’re old folks…they enjoy that kinda stuff.”
The garage held hundreds of abandoned cars. Most of them parked impatiently; cars were sprawled all throughout the first level and in no particular order. In fact, I don’t believe one car was properly parked. Fortunately for us, it appeared as if everyone left their keys conveniently in, on, or around their cars. As if they threw them on the ground while trying to run for the airport.
It’s hard not to be picky—especially when I was looking at Escalades, Porches, and Corvettes. Granted, a majority of the cars have dents; with some even running into each other.
“I’ve never driven a Porsche,” I mumbled to myself as I patted the dented silver hood of the Porsche GT3.
“Oh c’mon!” she said and opened the passenger side door of a black car I couldn’t really see. I walked over to get a better look and was stunned at her choice of vehicle. The black 2011 Mustang, which read ‘5.0’ just behind the front wheel-well, stood stout with a series of visible modifications.
“We’re in America. We have to drive a muscle car,” she said in her cute Scottish accent. A woman after my own heart.
She couldn’t find the keys so she crawled through the open door. Her knees were up on the seat as she bent over to check the floor boards and the driver side for the key. I couldn’t help but stare at her sculpted butt through the blue jeans. I admired other parts of her body as she checked the backseat. Respect, you dirty bastard. Respect. I’m just admiring the plain white t-shirt she was wearing—that’s all. That’s a damn fine shirt. And a V-neck too.
“What’s that?” she called out to me.
“N-n-nothing,” I stuttered. She looked at me and smiled. Was I talking out loud?! Emmmbarrassing.
“Ah-hah! I got them!” she exclaimed holding up the keys. “Want to drive?” she said smiling.
“Uh, sure,” I said shaking my head—knocking the impure thoughts from my mind. She moved to the passenger side and I sat down in the driver’s seat. I gripped the steering wheel and sighed. I got a feel for the pony car before sticking the key in the ignition. I played with the stick shift and got a feel for the clutch.
“What’re you doing?” Alyse said laughing.
“Shhh. These things take time,” I said as I grabbed the key and brought the engine to life. The five liter motor rumbled and brought my spirits even higher. I’ve got the hot girl and the fast car…what more could I want? I revved the engine several times to feel the grumble of the after-market exhaust; that’s when I heard the high pitch whine of the supercharger.
“Whew!!” Alyse exclaimed as she rested her arm out the passenger window. Sliding the stick in reverse, I pulled out of parking spot. After putting it in first, I weaved through the cluttered parking garage.  Once out of the garage and down the winding street through the parking toll I stomped on the gas. Our heads slammed against the head rests and the rushing wind brought a massive smile on my face.
The roads were clear in some areas—making it easy to test the speed of the ‘Stang. In some areas, the roads were chaotic with abandoned cars and debris—mainly from collapsed buildings. Crowds of people huddled around in various areas throughout town. They were all doing something different—sitting silent while smoking, sitting silent while doing drugs, yelling at each other while doing drugs, just yelling for sport, or doing drugs for…sport? We sped past Best Buy and I thought of the spiffy electronics and gadgets I could snag.
“Want an iPod?” she asked smirking. Damn, she caught me.
“I’ve always wanted one,” I told her.
“Well, when is your birthday?” she asked jokingly.
“September 5th,” I laughed. “I expect a laptop too. I am soo tired of having to walk to the computer lab to write a paper.” Her confused look hinted that she didn’t quite get the sarcasm.
We were already coasting through the final neighborhood before making it to the school. Usually the drive from home to the airport was nearly forty-five minutes, and the school is only five minutes from home. We made it in under fifteen. I enjoy fast cars.
“Did you go to Pine Forest?” Alyse asked with curiosity.
“Only for two years. I finished high school in Weatherford, Texas. Gabriel, on the other hand, graduated from Pine Forest.”
“Where did he go to college?” she asked
“College,” I scoffed. “He applied to several different colleges, but they never accepted him. And it was because of some test scores.” I pictured Gabriel’s reaction every time he received a letter that started, ‘We regret to inform you…’ “Don’t mind all the ‘A’s’ he got in high school. That shit doesn’t matter,” I said mockingly. “He would always tell me it was bullshit how ACT and SAT test scores were the ruling factor on whether you made into college or not. Especially when his friends didn’t have the good grades he had, but had higher test scores. So they would get scholarships to go to big universities, and flunk out their first semester because of the work involved for each class. Morons don’t realize that it’s the grades you receive in high school that show if you’re ready for college. Ready for the responsibilities and duties you need to carry out. Or that an idiot can guess on those tests and get a perfect score.  Or…” And I realized I was rambling on like Gabriel on one of his rants. Alyse was staring at me, listening intently. I laughed. “He got frustrated to the point where he just gave up, and joined The Army. Our parents hated his choice, but what else was there? To be honest, I couldn’t be more proud of him.”
She now had her body pivoted toward me with one knee on the chair. “Well, I don’t mean to be pushy or anything, but I know that you know that he isn’t right upstairs.” I know this. Anybody who spends anytime with Gabriel would know this. But where was she going with this?
“Yeah…?” was all I could say.
“Would you blame the military for that?” she asked. And I could tell she was a little skeptical on asking.
“You could blame them, I guess,” I told her. “But I don’t.” But I have a pretty good guess of what did mess him up.
To our right, the beige bricks of Pine Forest High School came into view. The relatively small, two story building had parking lots wrapping along all sides. There were a few cars and trucks scattered throughout the parking lot. I drove through the entrance and took a left along the walkway in front of the school. I continued along the parking lot to the left of the building—passing the connecting weight room on the left side of the building and through the adjacent basketball courts.
“This place is small for a high school,” Alyse pointed out.
“Quality not quantity,” I told her. “But what school had good quality?” I asked rhetorically. “All schools are focused on is preparing their students for standardized tests—like the ones I was ranting about earlier—so their school can get an ‘A’ rating. Political bullshit I guess. I never agreed with it.”
Connecting to the end of the parking lot was a paved trail that led behind the school. I put the car in first gear and coast through the destructive scene. Behind the school was a series of portables for elective classes. Now it was a pile of rubble—with an exception of a couple standing portables that belonged to the school’s NJROTC program. I looked out to the left, once we passed all the piles of broken portables, and saw a lone figure.
He was on his knees in front of the tree—looking up into the sky. I followed his gaze to find he was only looking at the dark clouds blocking the sun. Alyse and I got out of the Mustang and walked to the entrance of the fence.
“What’s this?” Alyse asked. I looked over to see she was looking at a white ribbon tied to the top of the fence. The ribbon’s ends were shredded with small strands blowing fiercely against the light breeze. Its weathered appearance was brought upon by the surrounding environment—orange from the rusted fence, brown and black from the grime and smog in the air.
“I don’t know,” I responded honestly. I reached up for the ribbon, but something in my gut told me not too. “Let’s go,” I told Alyse, and I walked through the gate into the open field. We took notice of the dead atmosphere as the dead grass crunched under our feet.
“Is he praying?” Alyse asked.
“You obviously don’t know Gabriel,” I told her.
“Does he not believe in God?” she asked.
“It’s just complicated,” was all I could say.
We got closer to him, and realized he was talking—but not to us. It was still incomprehensible, but I knew he wasn’t talking to us. I could hear the happiness in his voice with silent chuckles after every few words. I recognized the tree he knelt beside—I remember it full with dark green leaves and beautiful bark, not as the broken tree that stood now. I immediately halted Alyse’s advance with my hand on her shoulder. My expression answered her puzzled look. Give him time. He needs it.
Suddenly, an ear-splitting roar bellows out through the silence. The ferocity of the sound made Alyse and I jump with surprise. It doesn’t take long to realize the source.
I quickly walk to his side. Though, he is done screaming when I reach him, I can still feel the anger resonating off him. I kneel at his side and look out into the field, beyond the tree, as he did.
We stare off for a couple of minutes—letting the cold breeze beat us down. His heavy breathing is making me light-headed. I glance over at him, and his bloody knuckles caught my eye. The blood from his hands was starting to dry.
“Nice day out,” he said—breaking the silence. I look up at the dark clouds which owned the sky, and I take further notice of the cold air.
“It’s ok,” I tell him.
“When did you change clothes?” I asked him—realizing he’s wearing a new pair of black cargo pants and a white thermal shirt. His desert scarf still rested around his neck.
“Before I left the airport.  I was starting to smell bad,” he replied.
“You always smell bad,” I chuckled. He didn’t laugh.
He examined his hands and whispered, “Damn.”
“Wanted to add some more scars to the collection on your arms?” I asked sarcastically.
“I miss my punching bag,” he said dryly.
Ah, so you used the tree as its replacement. Good idea.
“Gabriel…” I started and had no idea where I was going to go next—I’ll just let my mind wander. “You keep your cool at times when you should shit your pants. You’re smart in every move we make. But sometimes you lose control, and I can imagine what goes through your mind when you do,” it’s why we are here, at this location. “I…we cannot afford it when you lose control like this. Just…rise above it.”
I could feel him take this in for a second before he replied. “I have tried. But it’s embedded in me,” he sighed. “When you give a hundred and ten percent of yourself to something then suddenly—and painfully—it’s taken away…what’s left of you?”
“Whatever else it is that drives you,” I said shrugging my shoulders.
We sat in silence, again, for a couple of minutes.
“Anger,” he replied.
14. Welcoming Party
“Um, guys?” Alyse called out from behind us. I forgot she was there. “Guys?!” she called out louder, and Gabriel and I turned to see what she was worried about. A wall, of what looked like kids, marched in our direction—automatic weapons in their possession. A man with a megaphone was leading them. Alyse started walking backward until she bumped into me. I put my hands on her shoulders and pulled her behind me.
The man put the megaphone to his mouth and spoke, “You’re surrounded. You have nowhere to go; we have snipers on the roof.” I look beyond them to the roof of the high school and saw several people aiming high caliber rifles in our direction. Instinctively, I put my hands in the air and Alyse followed—Gabriel put his hands in his pockets and slouched in his stance.
“Slowly, get on your knees and lay face down and we may spare your lives,” the man called out.
The crunching of the brown grass told me Alyse followed orders. I fell to one knee, and Gabriel started laughing. “You do everything you’re told?” he chuckled.
“If a man is pointing a gun at me, I’ll give the bastard a hand-job if he tells me to,” I replied.
“Faggot,” he whispered.
“Do what I say! Or they will shoot!” the man called out.
“Coach Bergstrom!” Gabriel yelled and waved half-heartedly.
The old man stopped his advance and held his hand up to tell his ‘troops’ to halt. He took a few baby steps our way—with his neck outstretched in front of him and his eyes squinting—trying to get a better look at who just called his name. He was no more than thirty yards away when he started smiling. He took longer strides in his step and said, “Get the hell out. It can’t be you.”
“Why can’t it be me?” Gabriel asked sarcastically with his arms held open, and started walking toward the old man.
“Christ, is it good to see you,” the old man said and they shook hands.
“Good to see your head hasn’t gotten any bigger,” Gabriel joked.
Alyse and I slowly crept to them. It finally hit me. The old man was George Bergstrom—Gabriel’s defensive line coach. ‘He’s one of the coolest coaches you’ll ever meet,’ Gabriel always told me. Bergstrom was wearing a thick tan jacket with khaki shorts that lay two inches short of his knees. He had white tennis shoes and a large straw safari hat. It’s hard to think of Gabriel as a jock. He kept to himself all the time. I think people were just scared to talk to him because he looked pissed-off all the time. ‘I just have a mean default face,’ I remember him telling me. Nobody took notice of him until he started dating the most beautiful girl in school. And nobody new she was as beautiful as she was until she started dating him—she’s much like him in how she keeps to herself. Awkward how it all works when you think about it…
“…and this must be Paul,” Bergstrom said when we finally made it to where they stood. He stuck his hand out for me to shake. When his hand clasped mine it was like he was trying to break my fingers, so I squeezed back. Finally, a firm handshake. It’s annoying to shake limp hands. In a way, it tells you what kind of person they are. We need more firm handshakes—especially in this day and age.
“This is Alyse,” I threw in there before they continued. He and Alyse exchanged strained waves, and he turned back to Gabriel. “We’ve been hearing more and more about you two lately,” he said smiling. “Causing trouble in Manchester?” he asked rhetorically.
All three of us were taken aback. He was off a few hundred miles, but still.
“It was Wales actually—but how did you know that?” Gabriel asked.
“Liberty NOW Radio,” he said and started to explain. “Many people have started means of communication. Since everyone lives sheltered lives now, we have no way of knowing what goes on around the world. It seems radio is the most popular way to get news to us, and you two are a popular subject among several stations.”
I couldn’t help but stand a little taller. I felt a sense of pride surge through my veins, and then Gabriel scoffed. The bastard ruined it for me.
“There are the less efficient ways too,” he continued, “Like newspapers and Morse Code. Morse Code might be useful, but none of us around here knows that shit. But yeah, you two are everybody’s heroes. People send letters and messages to the radio broadcasters all the time—saying how they thank you for everything you do. Some people still deny your existence,” he said laughing.
“Yeah, we are not real,” Gabriel said looking at the clouds.
“Shit, there is even a Podcast dedicated to you two. Or whatever it’s called. The kids listen to it all the time on their mp3 things,” Bergstrom said.
“That’s ridiculous,” Gabriel said shaking his head.
A chuckle escaped my lips and Alyse nudged me with her elbow. It’s always funny when old people try to explain modern technology and they don’t fully understand it.
“Well let’s go inside. I don’t feel like ‘catching up’ while standing out in the open,” Bergstrom said.
“Yeah, especially with all your ‘mini-soldiers’ aiming their weapons at us,” Alyse said.
“Oh, I’m sorry,” Bergstrom chuckled. He grabbed the large radio ‘walkie talkie’ that was clipped to his khaki shorts and put it to his mouth. “Stand down.  It’s the Reed brothers.”
Immediately, guns fell to the sides of their carriers. Some threw off their tactical goggles and head gear to get a better look at us. They all had looks of amazement as they slowly marched toward us. Doors, swinging open and slamming against walls, could be heard from the school. Hundreds of students filed out of the open doors. They were all jumping and cheering on the sidewalk as if their football team won the state championship.
“See what I mean?” Bergstrom said smiling and started walking toward the high school. Gabriel walked beside him with Alyse and me trailing a couple of feet behind them.
“I see you’re still wearing that ridiculous hat and those same ole’ shorts,” Gabriel pointed out. He was right—it was pretty ridiculous. A red lanyard was hanging out of his jacket pocket, and, I’m assuming, a large key ring with hundreds of keys was jingling in his pocket with every step he took.
“Damn right,” Bergstrom said while rubbing his brown mustache. “You know I’m superstitious. And this hat with the shorts and no underwear is the ultimate good luck charm.”
Disgusting I thought, and Alyse must have had the same idea. I looked over and her eyes were shut with a wrinkled nose.
“Dirty bastard,” Gabriel said.
“Call me what you want,” Bergstrom retorted. “But luck—or whatever it’s been—has gotten us through this thus far, and I don’t feel like breaking the streak.”
“Luck is like believing in God,” Gabriel said while looking into the dark cloudy sky.
Bergstrom was taken aback by his comment and looked at Gabriel in disbelief. He then looked back at me and I shook my head to signal him to drop it.
We reached the asphalt that was the bus ramp—it was littered with debris. I vaguely remember the curvy lane which used to be packed with buses at the end of the school day. Luckily, I never had to wait on the buses. We lived close enough to where we walked home every day. Bergstrom came to a sudden stop and held his arm up across Gabriel’s chest. We noticed the kids who came out with him were walking in a straight line following a specific path toward the sidewalk.
“Don’t step on any of the debris you see on the ground. This area is covered with mines. Just follow me in a single line,” he told us. We followed him as he instructed—Gabriel first, Alyse second, and I held caboose. We slowly made our way to the sidewalk, where the kids stood in silence—their cheering faded when we approached the ‘mine field.’
“So, where did you get all these mines?” Alyse asked Bergstrom.
“Dealers. It’s quite the popular occupation nowadays,” he replied.
“Like…drug dealers?” Alyse asked with honest curiosity.
Bergstrom started laughing and said, “No, Arms Dealers.”
We continued to serpentine our way through the mine field. Even though we had a guide, I was especially nervous—I haven’t walked through a mine field before. My heart stopped every time I set my foot down, and I watched the ground closely. When I glanced up Alyse was a good ten feet in front, and Gabriel was coasting through with his hands in his pockets. The image of me taking a wrong step and losing limbs fluttered around in my head. I like my legs!
“Hurry your slow ass up!” Gabriel called out. I looked up to see they were standing on the sidewalk, which followed the perimeter of the school, waiting for me. I gave him the finger and pressed on. When I made it to the sidewalk Gabriel started laughing, “You’re sweating,” he pointed out.
Everything appeared blurry, and it took me a second to remind myself where I was. I saw a lot of faces. Somewhere smiling and others looked worried. The worried ones were inches from my face, mouthing my name. A beautiful woman to my right was grabbing my arm—I couldn’t feel it but I knew she was. One face stood out in particular—probably it was directly in front of mine. His eyes were fierce and he shook my body to a fissure. I lost all control and my knees hit the ground—I then fell backwards. The last image I took in was the clouds parting in the sky—showing the glowing sun.
15. An Act of Defiance
I woke to the sound of children playing. It was delightful to my ears. Their tennis shoes screeching across the tile, the continuous laughter, the bouncing of rubber balls—all of it—reminded me of happier days.
A pleasant, familiar, voice was talking near me—she was carrying a conversation with someone I didn’t know. “…No it exists. It’s based in Cardiff, Wales. That’s actually where we found these two. Gabriel was sentenced to death while Paul was trying to set him free. How he was going to do that by himself is beyond me…” she said with an accent.
“I was going to smile and say ‘please,’” I wheezed out of my dry throat.
The immediate chatter quickly died as I opened my eyes—they fell upon Alyse and her glistening smile.
“It’s nice to see you up again,” she said.
“Yeah, three hours later,” someone from the crowd, who sat around me, joked. The rest joined in with laughter.
“Three hours?!” I said and quickly sat up—that was a mistake. My head rushed and the blurry vision returned. It felt like six pairs of hands grabbed me and slowly bring me to a chair. When I came to, I realized I was in a dark blue carpeted pit which lay in the middle of Pine Forest’s common area. The pit sat a foot into the ground, and stretched throughout the commons. The plastic chair I occupied sat against Pine Forest’s trophy case—which greeted everybody as it sat facing the entrance to the school.
I looked around to see the faded school colors—red lockers lining the walls, blue tiled floors and columns, and white walls—home of the Eagles. The two flights of stairs, about thirty feet in front of me, were blocked off by a chain linked sign that read ‘High School Students Only.’ And in between the stairs—they’re twenty feet apart and lead to the same hall at the top—are two closed wooden doors that had the same ‘High School Students Only’ sign across them. To my right, by the right set of stairs, was the men’s bathroom. The children I heard were playing four square in front of them. Surrounding me were the children of Pine Forest, plus Alyse, sitting at my feet—on their knees, Indian style, with their legs out in front of them, and other various ways. I felt like a school teacher ready to read a story to my students.
Most those who sat in front of me looked to be fifteen or sixteen. And they stared at me with intensity—they were probably burning with questions.
“So…how’s it going?” was all I could say. Nobody answered. “Is something the matter?” I asked to the crowd.
“It’s just hard to believe that you’re actually sitting in front of us,” a girl called out from the back. Silent mutters floated throughout the crowd as they exchanged thoughts with one another.
Goosebumps overran my arms, followed by chills up my back. I always get this way when someone talks of about our ‘legend.’ I look down to Alyse, who was sitting by my right leg, to see her beautiful grin.
A question tore me from her gaze, “How many Apocalypse soldiers have you and your brother killed?”
What the hell? That took me by surprise. “We don’t keep count,” I chuckled. “But it’s probably much less than you think.” The heavyweight boy, sitting to my left, who asked the question, seemed disappointed. “You see…we don’t roam around looking for soldiers to kill. We go on these ‘missions’ we set for ourselves, like destroying a base of operations, gathering intelligence so we can know their next step. And of course soldiers have gotten in our way to where we have to…kill,” I added and stopped. The subject left me a bit uneasy.
“What was your most dangerous task?” the girl sitting next to Alyse asked.
I laughed at this. “Definitely when my brother and I were in New York City—we found out Apocalypse leaders held meetings at the United Nations. We let the idea of us killing the three leaders get to our heads, and we underestimated their power…greatly. Long story short, they backed us into a corner, and we barely escaped.” The crowd was listening intently—hoping I would press on.
“To tell you the truth, I don’t like thinking about it. That was the closest I’ve ever been to death,” I added. Their faces told mixed emotions.
A boy, whose face seemed eager, asked, “So you know who the three leaders of The Army of the Apocalypse are?”
This intrigued me a bit. “You guys don’t know who they are?” I asked and they all had faces of confusion.
“Well…we know of two,” I started, “And we’re not sure of the third. I don’t think anybody knows who the third is.” I started to think of Vergil, and what role he is playing within their ranks. I pressed on, “Matthew Pollick is the leader of what we call the American Mercenaries. He was a General within the United States Army. Sergei Federov was a Russian General and he, obviously, leads his massive army of Russian soldiers…”
Then one of the teenage girls interrupted, “didn’t you and your brother kill that leader?”
I thought for a minute and realized she was right…but how did she know?
“Oh…yeah. I guess we did. Huh.” The audience cheered. “How did you know?” I asked her—once the commotion died down.
“Mr. Bergstrom told us.” That means Gabriel must’ve mentioned it. I got back on my train of thought. “…as for the third, we believe he’s German, but as for who and what his role may be is beyond me.”
“I don’t get it!” the heavyset boy blurted out. “There are only three of them! If we stand and fight, we can easily overcome them!” A little fighter, this one.
“It’s not that simple,” I chuckled. “They have vast numbers of soldiers, and advanced weaponry in their arsenal. Plus, they recruit. Smaller nations and groups still join The Army of the Apocalypse. It’s like the pact between the ‘Big Three’ recruit and create smaller pacts in which they lead and order around.”
Again, the boy seemed disappointed.
“Why would somebody join them?” the boy asked.
“Good question little man. But I’m afraid that I do not have the slightest clue. Who knows why people choose what they choose,” I added, but I said this more to myself than directing it to the audience.
“Fear,” Alyse said.
“Stupidity,” I said.
The girl next to Alyse broke me from my reverie. “Sorry about all the questions Mr. Paul, but we were too scared to ask Mr. Gabriel,” she said.
Booming laughter escaped my mouth. “He can be quite scary, can’t he?” I continued laughing.
The lightened mood drastically went backwards as another question was asked.
“Where were you during the first wave of attacks?” An unknown face asked. The new dark atmosphere quickly radiated throughout the room.
I closed my eyes and put myself back, several years ago. “I was home from college. My mother, father and I were all taking a plane back to Austin, Texas for a wedding.” I’m glad Gabriel isn’t here. “Well, we were on the Joint Reserve Base in Fort Worth, Texas—it’s where my dad worked—when they attacked.” I didn’t want to go into any more detail. Like how my dad tried to hide my mom and I in the simulator he worked with, but the soldiers killed them before they could even blink. Or how I hid myself in that simulator for a week—only leaving for food from the vending machine and to use the bathroom.
I came too when Alyse was shaking my leg, trying to get my attention. She pointed to a boy who was waving his arms in the air—trying to get my attention as well.
“Your brother, he was a Navy SEAL, right?” he asked.
“No,” I said. And the crowd of males seemed to show their disappointment in unison. I laughed and said, “He was a Green Beret.” They were all suddenly confused. “What’s that?” the boy asked.
“The Green Berets are the United States Special Forces, but their mission is very different from any other Special Forces group,” I said and the disappointment quickly vanished—chatter amongst the group quickly ensued.
The talk about Gabriel got me wondering—where is he?
An old hand holding a paper plate with two steaming pulled pork sandwiches crossed my view. I look to my right to see George Bergstrom.
“You need to eat,” he told me.
I grab the plate out of his hand. “Thanks,” I tell him. I take a bite out of the first sandwich and I realize how hungry I am. I quickly cram more bites into my mouth.
“You passed out from exhaustion. Your fear of the mines only pushed it,” he chuckled. I shrugged my shoulders—I never talk with my mouth full. “Sorry,” he said, “but it was pretty funny.”
My audience was slowly dispersing. “Where’s Gabriel?” I asked him.
His smile faded and his brows furrowed, “He’s out in front of Long Leaf,” he told me.
Long Leaf Elementary was next door—only about two hundred yards away. I stood up and headed for the front doors. “I’ll be right back,” I told Alyse.
A large hand grabbed my shoulder and I turned to see Bergstrom again. “I don’t think it’d be smart for you to go out there,” he said sternly.
I smiled, “I’ll take my chances.” I stepped through the first set of doors that lead outside. The second set of doors was about thirty feet ahead, and the space between the two doors held such areas like the principal and vice principal’s offices, guidance offices and of course the ‘front office.’ As I was heading toward the outer doors I was looking at the several, ten portraits of students within a single, large, frame—Pine Forest Eagle’s Hall of Fame. The ten students, who are chosen every year, carry the name of Pine Forest with honor. Each year, the faculty and staff get together electing and picking ten students who deserve this honor.
I finally reached the door and took one step outside, but stopped in my tracks. I took a few steps back and looked at the closest frame on the wall. ‘Pine Forest Hall of Fame 1976-1977’ it read. I back tracked further until I reached the frame that read ‘Hall of Fame 2005-06’. They got lazy with the title, I scoffed to myself. I examined each student’s portrait until I reached the one I was looking for. His hair was neat, he was clean shaved, and he wore a huge grin. The picture made me smile—the only time he looked this happy was when he was with her. Under the contented and care-free face read the engraved name: Gabriel Reed.
I took the last few bites of the barbeque sandwiches, just outside the door, and threw the paper plate into the trash bin sitting against the wall. I proceeded down the long walkway that leads to the staff parking lot. I briefly pondered why Bergstrom said it wasn’t smart for me to go out here, then I noticed a large chunk of orange peel just ahead. Thirty feet ahead, at the edge of the sidewalk, was another chunk of peel. I paced over to the second peel and I examined the open field, to my right, between Pine Forest and Long Leaf.
The lone figure stood by a crowd of large trees. It looked as if he’s just staring at the trees. And the trees themselves appeared awkward—like something were hanging off of the branches.
My new found energy, thanks to Bergstrom’s delicious sandwiches, put me in a jog toward Gabriel. As I jogged throughout the parking lot I saw several more orange peel pieces. Some of the cars that occupied the spaces in the lot had a series of bullet holes in them. I guess Bergstrom and his ‘troops’ had to put up quite a defense.
When I finally reached the grassy field that was Long Leaf—my heart stopped. I saw what was hanging off the trees, and what Gabriel was staring at. I slowly advanced toward Gabriel, but stopped again for I couldn’t get near the horrific scene.
Hanging from the trees were the students and staff of Long Leaf Elementary. The tiny decomposing bodies of the children hung silent in their stationary hell. The older group of staff and faculty were obviously beaten and tortured. Old bruises and cuts were rotting, and made it clear on what they had to endure. Some of the men were hanging upside, bound by their ankles, with severe wounds to their heads. The women were hung in the same manner of the kids—as they were only hung, not beaten—with one exception. A young woman, probably in her twenties, hung upside down and naked. Bruises covered her body. Poor woman…poor kids. The stench of the corpses made the scene that more disturbing.
I continued my way toward Gabriel, and standing next to him was a large wooden sign that read, ‘Cut them down and we’ll replace them,’ in black spray paint. When I walked up behind him, he turned and I met his eyes. They were wet with tears and his lids were dark red. His desert scarf was covering the rest of his face, but I didn’t need his face to tell me how he felt. Again, I could feel the anger emanating out of his eyes and off his body. I could feel the same heat coming off of my body. This is too far. Simply…too far.
He turned his back on me and said, “I’ll kill them. Every last one of them.”
I stepped forward and grabbed the bolo blade out from his belt. “We will,” I told him.
I started running toward the first tree, but he grabbed my shoulder and turned me around. He reached for my holster and pulled out the pistol I forgot I had. “You start right. I’ll start left, and we’ll meet in the middle,” he told me. I agreed with a nod.
Gabriel walked over to the far left and began shooting at the rope. I climbed my first tree, and started hacking away with the blade. With each thud of the body hitting the ground, I felt wetness fall from my face.
16. Prepare for Evil
The night fell upon us while we finished digging the last graves, and filling them. The last body to be put in the grave was that of the young naked woman. Gabriel picked her up in his arms and placed her gently in the freshly dug, shallow tomb. Before he shoveled the dirt on top of her, he took off his tactical vest and covered the naked body.
A series of striding footsteps and chatter could be heard approaching our position. Gabriel and I stood waiting as members of Pine Forest came running to us. In the lead was Bergstrom, with his wife and two kids, followed by several student and faculty whom I didn’t recognize.
“What did you do?!” one of the male teachers cried. “They’ll be here in an hour or so to do their nightly patrol. Did you not read the sign?!” he was talking frantically and was obviously worried to the point he was going to piss himself.
Gabriel walked up, pulled out the pistol from his holster, and unloaded the last clip into the wooden sign. “That sign?!” he yelled.
Then a short, obese, girl advanced from the crowd with a horror struck expression. “Are you trying to get us killed?!” she yelled.
“Last time I checked, we were on your side,” I intervened.
“Oh yeah, I can see that,” she said sarcastically. “Cutting down the bodies when a sign reads, clear as day, ‘Cut them down, and we’ll replace them,’ I guess that’s helping us, right? Now their Army is going to come here and do to us what they did to those kids! Since you geniuses put us in this mess, what’re we supposed to do?”
“Fight,” I told her.
“Great! Is that all you two are good for? Fighting and killing? Why don’t you just join them, I’m sure you’ll do fine over…”
Gabriel was lightening quick. He sprinted over to her with wildness in his eyes, putting his hand over her mouth—squeezing her fat face. A few of the men from the crowd started running to her rescue, but I stepped in between them.
She fell over on her backside. Gabriel closed in within inches of her face and shifted his hand so that it clamped around her jaw.
“Do you have any family left?” he asked through clenched teeth.
“Wh-what?” the girl said.
“FAMILY!  A brother, sister, a man who beats your mother who you call asshole?!” he yelled
“Gabriel!” I yelled for him to stop, but I know he was too focused to hear me.
The girl shut her eyes and tears started running down her cheek. She nodded her head toward the crowd. He unclamped his grip from her jaw and stood up from his crouch.
“You’re lucky to still have them,” Gabriel said calmly. “How would it feel if it were them up there on the tree, with the rope tight around their necks? Maggots eating away at their rotting flesh. Leaving their bodies to be weathered down to bone and dust. Not even giving them a pinch of dignity they deserve.” He got back down in a crouch, so he knew she was looking him in the eyes. “You would cut them down…I know you would,” he said and slowly stood back up.
Silence ensued—only leaving the sound of the cold air ringing in our ears—stinging our faces—and the dry sobs from the girl Gabriel just demoralized.
“So what now?” Alyse said as she approached from out of the crowd. I look over to Gabriel to see he’s staring at the trees from where we just spent the last few hours cutting down and burying corpses.
We can’t fight without weapons. I turned to Bergstrom and asked, “You don’t happen to have an armory by any chance?”
He smiled back and said, “It’s about time we did this.  Follow me.”
He started through the large crowd, back toward the school. I noticed the people within the crowd made a large path to clear our way, and I turned to see Gabriel was following us.
“We buy more than just mines when arms dealers roll through here,” Bergstrom said.
He took us back inside the school through the outside entrance of the weight room. The weight room looked exactly how I remembered it—weight benches lining the perimeter of the room, with large open space in the middle. We walked through the weight room and back into the halls of the school. Only ten feet down the hall we turned left into the men’s locker room. Alyse, who was in front of me, hesitated at the door. “I don’t think there is going to be any naked dudes running around, if that’s what you’re worried about,” I said jokingly. She answered with a soft elbow to my stomach.
Bergstrom took us to the back left corner of the locker room where ‘the cage’ was. ‘The cage’ used to hold all of Pine Forest’s sporting goods—football pads, basketballs, shot puts, you name it and ‘the cage’ has it. But it has definitely changed. Where the sporting equipment used to be was now replaced with weaponry. Our own little toy store, I thought.
The first section we moved to was the assault rifles. “Where are your attachments?” Alyse asked.
Oh no. “I know you don’t plan on…” I started to say but she cut me off by pointing an M4 rifle in my face. “And I know you don’t plan on giving me a lecture on how you don’t want me fighting,” she said sternly. Bergstrom started laughing and she dropped the rifle to her side. She got on her toes and pulled me, by the collar of my vest, toward her. “You forget I’ve been doing this as long as you have. I can hold my own,” she said with her sweet breath blowing in my face. I was at a loss for words. Instinctively I moved in closer, but she snickered and pushed me away. Damn it. Now is not the time anyways.
“Ouch,” Bergstrom said and moved to the shelves that lined the walls behind us. He opened several of the drawers sitting on the shelves and said, “Here’s what we have.”
“So, where did you get the money for all this?” I asked.
“School funds, high value trade-in items, but it all depends on the dealer really. One would only accept money for a gun, while another will take food. The one who we got most of the weapons from is a dealer who asked for girls,” Bergstrom replied. “We buried his ass.”
The three of us started dressing our rifles when five boys entered the cage. The lead boy, who looked to be about sixteen, was short and massive with muscles sticking out at every inch of his body. He approached us and held out his hand—Gabriel took it, then Alyse and I did the same. Another firm handshake.
“I’m Chris Roy,” he said in a stern voice. “And this is my own faction I’ve raised from within these school walls, and I—or we—would like to help you.”
I could feel Alyse staring at me from my side, and I could only smile. But Gabriel spoke before I could. “We could use all the help we can muster, but only five?” Gabriel asked. Chris put his middle finger and his thumb up to his mouth and whistled loudly. Fifteen, or so, boys walked in front of the cage. “Excellent,” I said.
“We call ourselves the Omega Unit,” Chris said and a few of his men shifted and sighed at the embarrassment of the name. It was kind of corny.
“So, what do you have to offer as help?” I asked.
“For starters, we know they generally arrive around 9 o’clock—which is in a half hour,” he said examining his watch then continued, “And they always arrive from the west. There are usually six Humvees, with four or five soldiers in each, and they like to park in front of Long Leaf—and do their scouting from there.”
“They don’t ever come into the school for we never give them any reason too,” he said.
“Then why did they raid Long Leaf?” Gabriel asked through furrowed brows.
“Nobody knows. We all assumed it was due to an act of defiance,” was all Chris could say.
More silence followed, and then we resumed grabbing weapons of choice. Chris and his troops joined in as well. I clipped a front grip and a scope on my M4. Then I grabbed a handgun, loaded it, and slid it in my holster.
“So what’s the plan then?” Alyse asked as she finished with her rifle. Gabriel looked up at me
“What’re you thinking?” Everybody stopped what they were doing and stared at me. Shit, I hate the pressure.
“Uh-well…I’m worried about the children and the rest of the people within the school who can’t defend themselves. I think most of us should stay inside and guard them while the rest pick well hidden vantage points and…do what we can.” My voice cracked a few times but all-in-all it was pretty good if I do say so myself.
“I like it,” Gabriel replied. “We should have a couple silent shooters first. We could take several of them out without them knowing. Then bring out the heavy guns when they do notice us.”
“Do you have any sniper rifles?” he asked Bergstrom. An evil smile crept on his.
“Oh, we have sniper rifles.” He curved around to the second aisle and we all followed. Hanging from the caged wall were many sniper rifles—all a little too small for my taste. Then he opened a large drawer, “And if you want to make them shit themselves you use this,” he said and pulled out an M107 Barrett .50 caliber sniper. Gabriel and I both snickered and Bergstrom asked, “You know this one?”
“We’ve had our run-ins in the past,” I told him.
Gabriel grabbed the large sniper, loaded it, and handed it to me. “You’re going to watch my ass,” he said sternly.
“Wha-why?” I asked a little worried.
“I’m getting close,” was all he said.
Alyse was pretty impressed with the rifle she customized. She was examining it in her hands when Gabriel walked by.
“Nice. But I want you inside the building, guarding the front door.” He took it from her hands and she put on a cute mock pouting face. He took an M60 machine gun off the wall and handed it to her.
“You think you can handle that?” he said smiling. She ogled at it and mouthed, “Oh yes,” with a huge grin. Even though I know she has done her fair share of fighting, I still didn’t like the idea of her in the battlefield—those Apocalypse bastards shooting at her, and her at them. It sent chills down my back.
Gabriel approached and put his hand on my shoulder and told me, “Don’t let them get near her, and you won’t have to worry.” I realized I was staring at her as she examined the massive gun. I turned to Gabriel and answered with a nod, but something caught my eye. A sawn-off shotgun was lying in the middle of the rack of fellow shotguns. I started to reach for it, but Gabriel was faster.
“Dibs,” he said.
“I saw it first, damn it,” I said.
Gabriel stood on a foot stool that sat by his feet. “I want you five outside with Paul and me,” he said pointing at Chris and the four boys who walked in with him. “I want the rest to stay inside and guard those who need it. Those who will stay inside will listen to Alyse here.” Alyse waved her hand in the air, and the crowd loudly disapproved.
“Don’t bullshit!” I yelled stepping forward, and the locker room noise immediately died. “You do what she says or it’s my gun in your mouth! You shoot when she tells you to shoot. You run if she tells you to run. If she tells you to take a shit, you pull your pants down and pop a squat right where you’re standing.” I stepped back when I was done and looked down to Alyse. She was trying to hide a smile of gratitude.
Gabriel patted my shoulder and continued, “Now that we have that settled, go and get set up.”
Alyse walked up to me, stood on her toes, and gave me a slow, wet kiss just behind my jaw.
“For luck,” she whispered. Blushing, she immediately turned and yelled with authority, “Follow me!” and marched out of the cage with her M60.
“Those are the biggest goose bumps I have ever seen,” Gabriel chuckled. I broke from my momentary freeze and said, “Shut up,”
Bergstrom walked out of the cage with a rifle. “I’m going to help hold the fort,” he said and walked off.
“Don’t have a heart attack on me,” Gabriel said and Bergstrom answered with a wave.
While Gabriel was grabbing extra ammo I walked over to the bullet proof vests. I found one I liked—it was short, bulky, and black—but I liked the tactical vest I was wearing more. I noticed Gabriel was only wearing his grey tank top, so I tossed the vest onto the shelf, next to him. He looked at the vest, then at me.
“Put it on,” I told him. “It’ll probably save your life. Plus it matches your black cargo pants.” He gave me an incredulous look then massaged the bridge of his nose with his thumb and middle finger and let out a sigh.
I started filling the pockets of my vest with ammo when I heard Gabriel grunt and gasping for air. I turned to see he was struggling with putting the vest over his head. I started to walk over to him to help, but he finally slipped it on and fitted it to his liking.
“Maybe you shouldn’t…” I started to say.
“Don’t start with me, damn it,” he said—cutting me off. “I will go out there, and I will end their fucking lives. And you…are not going to stop me,” he finished by giving me a glare that made me step back.
“I was just going to suggest…”
“Well don’t,” he said—cutting me off again.
I was just going to suggest he wear something else…what’s his problem?
“We have to get moving,” Chris said and lead his followers outside. I followed Chris and his men outside, and Gabriel soon followed. He was holding four small radios and handed three of them among us—one to me, one to Chris, and one to a tall black kid.
“I want two on the roof of the weight room, two hidden in the parking lot—using the cars for cover, obviously—and two at Bellview Ballpark. And I want each group to have one radio,” Gabriel said while pointing in each direction as he mentioned them.
“Where will you be?” Chris asked him.
“I’ll be right in front of Long Leaf—they’ll be looking the devil in the eye,” he replied while slipping his blade into his belt. I would object, but I knew it was no use.
Instead I asked a question I’ve been meaning to ask, “So, what’re you names?”
Each member of Chris’ ‘Omega Unit’ looked at each other and took turns, “I’m Ebben Mignott,”
the tall black boy said in a low raspy voice. Then the goofy guy standing next to me raised his hand and said, “Spenser Bettis.” The fat white boy standing next to Chris announced, “Eric Jumper,” and pinched his shirt—and shook it as if he was shaking something off. The sign of a douchebag, I thought. And the Samoan guy—wearing an AT-4 rocket launcher—standing next to Gabriel said, “Toni Davis.”
“Alright guys,” Gabriel started to say, but Toni cut him off, “And girl.” Both, Gabriel and I, stared at her and Chris said, “She’s a fighter. Don’t worry about her.”
“Oh I’m not,” Gabriel said, “I just can’t believe I missed that.”
“Me neither,” I agreed. I examined her closer to see the feminine figure and the long curly hair sticking out from the ball cap she wore.
“Well alright,” Gabriel started and begun to examine each of our weapons of choice. “Ebben and Toni, you two have heavy guns with range so I want you on the roof. Eric and Chris, you guys are stationed in the parking lot. That leaves Spenser and Paul to Bellview Ballpark.”
Bellview was a small sports complex adjacent to Long Leaf. Our best spot is to camp inside the dugout of the tee-ball field which pointed directly at the elementary school and the open field. As I was planning our positioning in my head when I realized Spenser was holding his hand out to me. I shook his hand and he said, “I’m Spenser.”
“I gathered that,” I chuckled.
“Oh, right—when we announced our names and stuff,” he said in a shaky voice. This guy is green; at least he has a firm handshake. There are a lot of firm handshakes here.
“What?” Spenser asked puzzled.
“Oh, nothing,” I really should stop thinking out loud.
We all stood in a circle and stared at the center. Gabriel stepped forward.
“You can’t be scared—it’s their biggest weapon.” The crowd shifted around and each one stood a little taller. Gabriel continued, “Be deadly, violent, and ruthless—it’s the only way to survive. But most of all, be careful and watch out for each other. We are brothers on the battlefield. And I don’t know about you, but for those who threaten my brothers—I’ll stick my gun in their face and say bang.” Gabriel slowly started raising his voice the further he went with his monologue. “You were taught your whole lives to fight for what you wanted most, and this is no different…So fucking fight for what you stand for! You know what they’ve done, and you know what they will do! Be the stopping power this world needs…stand up to them and say NO MORE!”
By now, we were a crazy mob who wanted one thing—death of their Army. Gabriel finished, “Guys…it’s killing time.” The tiny mob dispersed, still cheering, to their positions. Gabriel grabbed my shoulder, and pulled me closer. “Deliver them the evil that they have shown us…De Oppresso Liber.” He let me go, and pulled the desert scarf over his face—only leaving his crazed eyes visible.
17. Through the Eyes of Anger
The dugout wasn’t as big as I remembered—I was in a prone position to the right of the pitcher’s mound. I was examining the area through the scope on my M4, with the .50 caliber at my side. Over by the trees stood a new sign I made out of plywood I found in the locker room. In black spray paint I wrote, ‘Liberty NOW.’ They should like that.
I tried to find everyone out in the field, so I would know their exact locations. It wasn’t hard, for they all stuck out like sore thumbs—Chris and Eric’s heads could be seen bobbing up and down from behind the cars in the school parking lot. Ebben and Toni were on the edge of the roof—not even trying to be discrete. Behind me, on the first base line, Spenser had his head down on his sniper rifle and kept mumbling something to himself. Gabriel is another story—he disappeared, and was not going to be found.
I grabbed the radio and said, “Ebben and Toni, you need to fall back some—you guys look like you’re about to fall off the roof. Chris and Eric pick a spot and stay there—you’re moving too much.” They all did as I said, and they were now as invisible as Gabriel.
I looked over my right shoulder to see Spenser continue to mumble.
“What’re you doing?” I asked.
He looked up and said, “Praying.”
“Oh,” was all I could say, and I resumed my vigilance among the field.
“Do you not want me to?” Spenser asked in a whisper.
“As long as you do your part, then I don’t care what you do,” I told him. Then I looked back and said, “Just don’t do it around Gabriel.”
“But why?” he asked offended. “God is our only true hope. If anyone can, he’ll save us.”
I could only stare and tell him, “And you definitely don’t want to say that around him.”
The radio crackled and Toni said, “I’ve got an eye on six Humvees—coming in from the west.” The headlights of the lead vehicle started shining down the road, and my heart started pounding. As my breathing got heavier I realized my breath was shooting from my mouth as white smoke. I turned to Spenser and whispered, “Restrict your breathing.”
He whispered with panic in his voice. “You think they can hear us breathing?”
“Your breath, you fool!” I snapped back and began to watch all six Humvee trucks come into view.
For a split second I thought they were going to ignore Long Leaf, but the lead truck came to a screeching stop. When they all stopped several soldiers filed out of the trucks. They were American Mercenaries—with an exception of five Russian soldiers. The drivers of each truck stayed behind as the rest walked toward the trees of Long Leaf—guns in their hands. Luckily, the soldiers were loud in their chatter.
The radio crackled again, but this time it was Gabriel.
“There are twenty-six. Paul, the drivers closest to you are first. I’ll take the other three on your go,” he said. I focused on the first driver, and tried to calm my nerves. I quickly shifted my weight for comfort and looked down my rifle’s scope to the last truck to see the driver looking out his open door. I hesitated for a few seconds, but I eventually fired. His head jerked backward, and he lay limp in his bloody seat. I moved up a truck and saw this driver standing outside his truck. Easy enough, and I fired. His body collapsed, but my heart stopped as I saw the third driver running toward the body of his comrade. I froze. As he started to yell, an invisible shot tore through his neck, then one through his head.
“Damn, he’s good,” Spenser said behind me.
The soldiers appeared to cheer once they saw the bodies were gone from the trees and graves appeared. Now they can finally reign terror upon the school. That is, until they discovered our sign. They stood around for a moment, and stared intently upon our logo. Then they started to shuffle impatiently before speed walking to the trucks. One of the Russians started yelling in his foreign tongue while he ran toward the six bodies.
“Open fire!” Gabriel grunted through the radio. The loud blinding flashes from the roof and the parking lot started raining down on the soldiers as they sprinted back to their vehicles.
I heard Spenser’s bolt sniper rifle go off as I grabbed my .50 caliber. I frantically shot through the crowd of soldiers without worrying too much about aim. One soldier’s leg rolled three feet when I shot his knee, and another fell face first and slid several feet when I nailed his back. Several other soldiers collapsed in their tracks as Gabriel brought down his hammer.
The first two trucks accelerated forward as a few soldiers survived the barrage. A shooting star of a rocket left a cloud of exhaust from the roof and flew down, hitting the front end of the first Humvee. The explosion left tremors rumbling through the ground and I focused my aim on the second vehicle. I fired three times through the driver’s side door, and it veered right into a ditch. The remaining soldiers were still sprinting for cover, while other survivors used the other four Humvees as a last stand.
“What’s he doing?!” Spenser yelled. I followed his gaze to see Gabriel sprinting forward through the trees and into the open field. He had the butt of the M4 against his shoulder, and was shooting at the backs of the fleeing Apocalypse soldiers.
“Cover him!” I screamed to Spenser.
The soldiers behind the trucks saw Gabriel and opened fire. I quickly gave support fire—hitting the opposing force in the face with .50 caliber ammo. I fired the remaining shots of my sniper into the trucks—hopefully taking out someone as the shots ripped through the armor. I shuffled through my vest’s pockets and reloaded the sniper.
I looked through the scope to see Gabriel quickly closing in on a lagging soldier as he sprinted for cover. The soldier turned around and started to aim his rifle at Gabriel, but Gabriel was too fast. He threw down his M4 rifle, jumped forward, and landed a bone shattering kick to the soldier’s chest. Gabriel’s victim flew off his feet, and his back hit the side of the Humvee in the caboose. While sitting down, the soldier pulled out his pistol, but Gabriel quickly pulled out his sawn-off shotgun from his belt and blew off the soldier’s hand. Amongst all the gunfire and shouting, the mercenary’s screams could be heard echoing through the air. Gabriel took his time, as he slowly grabbed extra shells from his pockets and reloaded his weapon. Several soldiers came peering out from behind the vehicles and took aim at Gabriel, but I tore them to shreds before they could get a shot off. Gabriel slowly brought the reloaded shotgun to the face of the screaming soldier. “NO! PLEASE NO!” was all I could hear before he pulled the trigger.
Eric and Chris came into view as they continued their fire upon the enemy. Gabriel threw down his shotgun and stood behind the rear of the Humvee. Using the fire from Eric and Chris as a diversion he pulled out his bolo blade and crept behind the soldiers.
It’s over, I thought as I heard skin-curling screams from the soldiers. But to my horror, shots were fired and three soldiers piled into the Humvee—squealing its tires and sped off down the street. Gabriel became visible as the truck drove off. He was limping after the speeding truck, and then fell to his knees. Grabbing my M4, I got to my feet and sprinted toward the field. I hopped over the outfield fence, and ran for Gabriel. He looked at me, got to his feet, and pointed at the school, “help them,” he croaked. I hesitated but changed directions and sprinted toward the school.
The truck drove through the fence that ran along the perimeter of Pine Forest and sped through the parking lot. Eric and Chris were in its path as they continued to fire upon the truck. Chris dove out of its path—Eric tried, but was too slow. The front end of the Humvee hit Eric in the chest, and his mangled body rolled under the vehicle. The truck swerved some more due to the heavy fire from Ebben and Toni. It finally came to a stop as it crashed into Pine Forest’s brick surface. The soldiers stumbled out of the vehicle and ran for the front entrance. No!
“CHRIS!” I yelled, hoping he would kill them before they rounded the corner. He got up, tried to find his footing and fired sloppily as I stopped to a crouch and fired, but we were too late.
My eyes watered up as the cold wind rushed against my face, my throat felt as if I were drinking acid, and I couldn’t feel my body as I pushed it harder and faster. I failed, was all that ran through my mind, but I knew I couldn’t think like that. I passed the broken truck and continued to sprint to the doors. I could hear gunshots and faint shouting—I couldn’t decide if that was good or bad. So I sprinted harder.
The glass panes, which made up most of the front doors, lay shattered on the ground—only leaving the metal frame. I leaped through the broken doors and saw Alyse taking aim with a pistol at a Russian soldier, with her right arm, while keeping an American in a tight headlock with her left.
I was blinded by fury and the frantic state of my emotions. I sprinted through the second doors and quickly reached the Russian soldier. I lowered my body and placed a perfect shoulder into his celiac plexus. I heard, and felt, the air escape his body as we both crashed to the ground. Still blinded, I straddled his abdomen and begun to pound his head into the white tiled floor. I felt my fist sink further in with each blow as the bones in his face continued to break. I stood up when I was finished, and tilted my head back to try and catch my breath. I looked down and I couldn’t believe a face used to be where the mangled mess of flesh, bone, and teeth was now. I held my hands up to see they were drenched in blood. My mind was racing. The crowd of onlookers was staring with wide eyes and open mouths—including Alyse and her captive.
I tried to recall what just happened, but it was all a blur. A paradox. I strode over to the soldier in Alyse’s arms, and wiped my hands on his uniform. I then grabbed him by the collar of his shirt and his neck—throwing him against the group of lockers that lined the walls in the commons. I stomped my foot on his chest, and I aimed my pistol at his face. The crowd of students and teachers behind me began to scream, and hurried out of the area. Only Alyse, Bergstrom, and members of the Omega Unit stayed behind.
“No! He might know something,” Bergstrom said from behind me.
“What’s he going to know?! The color of the underwear from the last woman he raped?!” I snapped back.
“Base of operations, their next move, I don’t know!  But he could know something,” he retorted.
I turned to the soldier, and put my foot against his throat. “So what’s it going to be?” I asked him. “Give us something or die like the rest.” Then I realized something, and I took my foot off his chest. This is Gabriel talking…not me.
I squatted down beside him, “C’mon now, we know that you know something that we can use. Just tell us,” I implored.
“Fuck you,” he spat in my face.
Alyse walked up next to us, “What about Austin, Texas?” she demanded. I looked up at her, puzzled.
“The Games?” he said smiling. “You go there, and you’re all dead. I guarantee it!”
“Why do you have to be like that? I just asked you a simple question.” I said jokingly. “Your mom beat you as a child? Is that why you throw your pussy ass all over any woman and child you see? Take it out on them? Maybe we should hang you up on that tree.” I whispered in his ear. He tried to sit up and grab me, but Alyse punched him in the face.
“Bitch,” she said in her Scottish accent.
I laughed, but so did the Apocalypse soldier. “Go to Austin. You’ll meet your end there,” he chuckled. “The end of the Reed brothers! That’ll…” he started to say, but stopped in mid-sentence. He jerked his head to the front doors, and the smugness in his face faded. I could hear the heart pounding in his chest, and see the sweat rolling down his face. I turned to see what he was fixated on. Through the open doors was Gabriel. He was limping slowly toward us. His blade, in one hand, was painted with blood, and the sawn-off shotgun occupied his other. His scarf was pulled over face—showing only his vicious eyes which told me one thing.
He must have been shot a dozen times—luckily most of the bullet holes were in his vest. Blood rolled down both arms, making the scars that coursed through them more prominent.
“Oh God, Oh God, Oh God,” the soldier next to me kept whispering to himself. Alyse and I backed away from the captive—his eyes told us to stay out of his way.
Gabriel got to the soldier, who was now lying flat on his back with his trembling hands up between himself and his predator.
“Did you call for back-up?” Gabriel inquired calmly, and dropped down to one knee. The soldier just stared at Gabriel, horrified. In one fluid motion, Gabriel brought the blade up and stabbed it through his knee. Still holding the handle, Gabriel twisted the blade. The mercenary screamed louder as Gabriel continued with the bone crunching twist of his blade.
When he was finished, Gabriel used the blade, in its upright position, as a cane and pulled himself up to his feet. The mercenary’s screams turned to desperate cries for help, as he tried to pull the blade from his leg. Gabriel opened the shotgun and grabbed two shells from his pocket.
“You’re no use to me,” Gabriel said.
“No! We didn’t call backup, I swear!” the mercenary screamed.
“Now you’re lying to me,” Gabriel said calmly as he started to load the shotgun.
“Ok, ok, we did call back up. But you have at least four hours! I swear!” he cried.
“Last time you said ‘I swear,’ you lied to me. So why should I listen to you now?” Gabriel said with a smile.
Then the man started to cry and yell, “He’ll save me. God will save me. Please God!”
Uh, oh.
Gabriel pulled the scarf down from his face, and to my surprise he was calm. “We must have different gods,” he said. “Because my God is saying ‘Do it. Kill this bastard. He doesn’t deserve life’—but that’s the beauty of it. There are so many gods to choose from.” Then he dropped the gun to his side and asked himself, “Is that distasteful?” And he started to laugh.
“Oh God no! Please God,” the man screamed some more—tears streaming down his face. Gabriel’s laughing came to an immediate stop. He pulled the gun to the man’s face and said, “Fuck your god,” and squeezed the trigger.
I could only stand, and watch—my body was locked. I couldn’t stand the sight of the insanity overruling my brother’s mind and body. It made me sick.
I started to mindlessly walk toward the front doors, and I realized the crowd within the commons probably couldn’t believe what happened either as they stood motionless. I turned to face the kids of the Omega Unit and said, “I believe your friends outside need help,” and they broke free from their trance and ran outside. Bergstrom, Alyse, and I slowly followed after them.
18. A State of Mind
The darkness of the night was beginning to lighten, and still no sign of Apocalypse reinforcements. But that didn’t stop us from getting prepared. Alyse told me that her parents called, and told her about an event being held in Austin, Texas called ‘The Games’ which takes place in four days—she got me wondering when she mentioned it to the soldier earlier. It’s like a lethal Olympics, she kept saying as she described it. It’s hosted by The Army of the Apocalypse, and they’ll be competing. Basically, it’s a chance for others to get a legal shot against The Army, without being sentenced to death. The winning group gets a massive prize money reward, and, according to Alyse’s parents, the General Pollick will be there. Once they heard that, they suggested Gabriel and I check it out. Gabriel jumped on it, and started packing immediately.
Luckily, his psychotic phase passed, and he was his old self again. Everybody, including me, didn’t want to be around him after the incident. But he’s fine, for now. Sometimes, I wonder if he’s more screwed up than the soldiers themselves.
Bergstrom, along with the other occupants, already fled the school and divided up among the local neighborhoods. He insisted that Chris and his group should follow us. Gabriel and I were both reluctant to accept the offer for we believed they needed the protection. We felt at fault for them having to leave, but luckily Bergstrom, along with most of the school’s population, thanked us for what we did. You helped us send them a message, is what Bergstrom said. Showing his gratitude, he persisted in the idea that Chris should follow us. Chris and his troops begged to come along as well.
Eventually we said ‘ok’ under the condition they don’t follow the alias ‘Omega Unit’ again—you don’t want to flaunt a name that will make your enemies laugh, I told them jokingly.
The only problem with them coming along is transportation. The Apocalypse soldiers came with six Humvees, but only left three, for the others would take some serious repair. We were all packed. Bags of weapons, clothes, and even food—Chris and his ‘unit’ took remains from the school’s cafeteria. He said they got the food from the closest Wal-Mart. They got plenty of useful cargo from there—like laptop computers, first aid, automotive tools, over-the-counter drugs, and the list goes on. For some reason, they found it a necessity to have beer. And lucky for them, nobody gives a damn about a drinking age anymore.
I was happy that I finally got to change out of the war torn rags I had on earlier. I felt at home in my new blue jeans and white shirt. I’m sure Gabriel felt the same in his new pair of khakis and a black t-shirt. “One hundred percent cotton,” he kept saying with a smile. Chris even got us a pair of Chuck Taylor All-Stars. I got the all white pair. Gabriel wanted high tops, so he got the black mono pair for they were the only high tops Chris got. Either way, we were both comfortable—minus Gabriel being almost completely covered in bandages…again.
Gabriel, Alyse and I were walking down the street, through the neighborhoods, searching for a car for Gabriel to use during the trip—I already have the Mustang. But I couldn’t focus on the car shopping. I could not stop looking at Alyse. She wore these tight slacks and a tight white shirt which complemented her figure and beauty to its fullest.
“Oh! There’s another Mercedes!” she said excitedly, pointing at the silver SUV.
“Ugh. Another Mercedes. I want something a little more…fun,” Gabriel said.
“Well then, you can take the Mustang, and we’ll take the Mercedes. Right Paul?” 
I started to laugh, “You can take the Mercedes. I’m keeping the Ford,” I told her. She stormed off and grunted, “You boys.”
I turned to Gabriel, “You know, it’s not that bad of a vehicle. Maybe you should just take that. You really can’t be too picky. Some soldiers may show up any second now,” I told him but he wasn’t listening. He was deep in thought. He slowed in his walk and eventually stopped. He looked up at me with a smile and said, “I got it,” and started limping off down the street. When he got to the next intersection, he took a left and started a pathetic jog down to his unknown destination.
“Where’s he going?” Alyse grunted.
“Are you really that upset?” I asked her—trying not to laugh.
“Whatever,” she mumbled and crossed her arms across her chest.
We continued to walk, examining the homes on each side of the street. Alyse and I came across a large house within the torn neighborhood. It had a Cadillac CTS and a Chevy Silverado SS in the driveway. I started walking up the driveway, and Alyse asked, “Now where are you going?” 
“Stay there, I’ll be right back,” I told her. The house had a large garage, so I thought something nice might be in it—considering the cars parked outside. 
I grabbed the bottom of the garage door and lifted up. My jaw dropped for behind the door was a black Cadillac CTS-V and a red 2012 Chevrolet Camaro ZL1. Alyse whistled at the Cadillac and said, “She’s a beauty.”
“I thought I asked you to stay by the street. I was only going to take a peek.” She gave me an evil eye that would make my mom proud. “But you being over here is fine too,” I quickly added.
“That’s better,” she said and started examining the Cadillac. “Wow, it’s pretty,” she mused and sighed, “But you probably don’t want to take it because it’s nowhere near as fast as your Mustang.”
“It’s actually very close. You’re looking at one of the most powerful sport sedans,” I replied and she lightened up. “Well there you go! We can take this since its faster,” she said excitedly.
“I meant it’s close, as in, the modified Ford can still take it, and besides…it’s American muscle! Why would I want to give it up?” I told her. She brought her hand to her face and pinched the bridge of her nose all while letting out a massive sigh. But I wasn’t looking at the Cadillac—I was focused on the Camaro.
“God, that thing is hideous.” she said with disgust.
“Watch your mouth. This is a ZL1,” I told her smiling.
“Sounds like an old robot,” she said laughing.
I opened the driver side door and tugged on the hood latch. I then walked to the front of the car and opened the Camaro’s red hood.
“You want to talk about fast,” I told Alyse as I admired the modified 6.2 liter motor. “This one will go.”
“You think Gabriel might like this one?” she asked curiously.
“Maybe, but he’s not a fan of Chevy cars,” I replied. “I’ll go find the keys just in case.” I was reaching for the door, and then I turned around, “This time, do stay outside, in case Gabriel comes back.”
“Fine. I should call my parents and let them know what’s going on anyways,” she said and started walking down the driveway.
I opened the door, and stepped inside the house’s laundry room. Looking around, I couldn’t find any key hooks. I walked through, and to the left was the kitchen—with a piece of plywood shaped into a wooden key. Spiffy, I thought and grabbed the keys to the Chevrolet. As I turned to walk back outside, I could hear a creaking chair and slow dragging footsteps to follow. I froze.
I slowly turned around and walked toward the noise—through the kitchen and into a large living room where there was a series of furniture and a large entertainment center. An old, withered, man in boxers and a white t-shirt was advancing toward me. His old dusty slippers were dragging against the dark wood floors.
“You finally came,” he croaked.
“Uh, sorry, but I’m going to borrow your Camaro for a while. So…” I started to say but I stopped. He was still advancing.
“You finally came for me!” he said louder.
“I…I’m sorry…I just…um…what?” was all that came out of my mouth.
“Oh angel, take my soul,” he said. What the hell is wrong with this guy?!
“I’m just going to leave now,” I told him, pointing toward the door with my thumb.
He took off his shirt and pulled down his boxers to where they lay around his ankles. “Now! Take my soul and set me free!” he yelled.
“What the hell!” I yelled and jumped backward—ready to run—but I tripped and fell over a recliner. The old man jumped on lurched on top of me, hugging me, and screaming, “Take me! Take me!”
“Get off me, you crazy bastard!” was all I could yell. He started grabbing my face, and all I could think about was where have his hands been?! I put my hands on his shoulders and threw his naked body off of me. I got to my feet, but so did he. He ran for me screaming, “Please!” Instinct took over—I grabbed his head when he approached and I directed him into the wall. His naked body lay limp on the cold wooden floor. I could only stare with wide eyes—I stared at the old man for several seconds before I turned and walked for the garage. I paused and stared at the keys in my hand before hanging them back up on the key holder.
Walking down the driveway, Alyse approached and asked, “What took so long?” She took notice of my wide eyed expression and asked, “What happened?”
“No keys,” was all I could say, and I started walking back toward the school.
“OOO-kay. Well, my parents and the rest of the crew are heading toward Austin now.”
The school was back within our sights when we heard a monstrous vehicle accelerating toward us. Alyse and I turned around to see a 1968 primered Shelby GT500 KR. Oh my God, I thought, as Gabriel pulled up next to us.
“You kids need a ride?” he asked and revved the engine. Alyse put her hands up to her ears, and was mouthing something to me but I couldn’t understand. We got into the car, and Gabriel sped off toward the school.
“Where’d you find this beast?” I asked him.
“Old man Mangram,” he replied. “I remember him working on it before I enlisted. I guess he finished.”
He pulled up next to my Mustang sitting next to the three Humvees, and we all piled out. Chris walked up, holding a plastic bag full of oranges, after Gabriel cut the engine.
“That was Mr. Mangram’s. Why didn’t I think of going for that one!?” Chris exclaimed, handing Gabriel the oranges.
“Excellent,” Gabriel said, examining the bag of fruit.
“Everybody ready to go?” I asked Chris.
“Yeah,” he said pointing at his crowd of followers behind him, “We’ve just been waiting for you.”
“Good. Let’s get out of here,” I said and got into the Mustang. Alyse got into the passenger seat holding a large brown paper bag.
“Our goodies,” she said—it was filled with snacks and a radio. Gabriel walked up to my window. “We’re going to stop at the gas station at the corner of the street—Chris says it’s still working. After that, it’s smooth sailing…or should be.” I nodded in response.
“You get one?” I asked him, holding up walkie-talkie.
“Yeah, it’s in the car. Each driver has one,” He walked back to his car, and fired up the engine. I followed him out of the school—the three humvees close behind me. Chris was driving the lead truck, and I couldn’t tell who was following him.
Alyse was shuffling through the collection of burned CD’s she found on the floor board. “Let’s see what we have to listen to,” she said after pulling out a random CD and sliding it into the player. Taylor Swift’s country music started blasting through the car’s speakers, and I slumped down in my seat. This is 
19. His Home
Gabriel, along with the rest of the crew, followed Alyse and me to the old gas station at the corner of Longleaf Drive and Pine Forest Road. There were only two functioning pumps, so Gabriel and I went first and made room for the other vehicles. But first, Chris had to go inside the raided convenient store, go behind the counter, and ‘unlock’ the gas pumps for our use. Gabriel, Alyse, and I stood in front of the store as the rest of the trucks were being filled.
Gabriel checked the contents of the store and called for Chris.
“Chris, take inventory of our food supply. We may need to stop somewhere, and fill whatever empty space we have left in our cargo,” he told him and Chris complied.
I was staring upward, admiring the sun, the marshmallow clouds, and the bright blue sky. I haven’t appreciated the weather much lately. Though that’s most likely due to the face we’ve been in Europe for quite some time. It always seemed as if rain should have been pouring from the sky. “70% chance of rain with a 100% chance of gloomy,” is what the weather man most likely said every day. But not here.
“Didn’t you guys live close to here?” Alyse asked Gabriel and I. I looked over to Gabriel, who was a little blurry after staring at the sun, and he nodded silently. “Why don’t we check it out?” she asked. “There could be something there we could use.”
“Well…I dunno,” I started, “the soldiers may be here in a minute, and…”
“Let’s go,” Gabriel said. I shrugged at Alyse as Gabriel walked toward Chris.
“We’ve only got about two full duffle bags of snack cakes and crackers to split between all of us,” Chris said with disappointment.
“Go to the Wal-Mart on Mobile Highway, and fill any sort of cargo space with food. We will meet you there,” Gabriel instructed him. “Paul, Alyse, and I will be making a pit stop of our own,” he answered Chris’ concerned look.
Chris rallied the troops and led the three Humvees on a mission to collect food. We then got into our vehicles and drove up the road to home. Weird that I call it home to be honest. I never really considered it home. Once mom, dad, and I left for Texas, Gabriel and his fiancé moved into the house. Since mom and dad couldn’t sell it, Gabriel jumped on the opportunity to take it off their hands. It was cool to keep it in the family. Though I suspect it was where she’s buried—probably the reason why I was feeling so anxious.
The nerves were still hitting me by the time we pulled up to the front lawn. The house sat on a steep hill; leaving the driveway a tough one to climb. The house itself was pretty plain Jane. The grass was brown, the dark red bricks, along with the grey roof, were beginning to get moldy, black patches here-and-there, and the windows were covered in grime. Other than that, the house was in decent shape. Except for ‘The Army’s Property’ being spray painted on the roof.
“It’s not a bad neighborhood,” Alyse mentioned as she did 360 degree turns to view her surroundings. Each of the houses looked identical, and were in matching shape as our house. Again, except for the spray painted message. We followed Gabriel through the unlocked front door and into the tiled house. I walked through the house wondering how many people had been through here to take furniture, valuables, or any other items they wanted. The house was nearly empty with a few family photos and unwanted furniture.
“Is there anything we can take?” I asked Gabriel, but he was already on an unstoppable path to the backyard. Oh God…she’s back there, isn’t she?
“Wow,” Alyse said as she stared at an old picture of Gabriel and his girlfriend; whom he would later pop the question too. “She is very beautiful.”
“I know,” I agreed.
“And he looks…” she started to say but got lost in trying to describe his face.
“Happy?” I chuckled.
“Yeah…” she whispered. “It’s so weird to see him like this,” she added.
“That’s the only Gabriel I know,” I said. The picture was taken in front of the old oak tree behind Pine Forest. He looked as he did in his Hall of Fame photo. I noticed dry blood on the gold frame, and I get a strong feeling in my gut that tells me Gabriel shouldn’t be here.
“Wait here,” I tell Alyse and slowly shuffle toward the back sliding glass door. On the other side of the glass door was a freshly filled grave. Gabriel stood next to it, his back facing me, staring up at marshmallow clouds. I slowly opened the door, stepped outside, and silently slid it shut again. That’s when I saw blood and chunks of skin plastered on the walls in one specific area—an area the size of a fist. And I remembered Gabriel’s bloody knuckles when we met him at the tree. He must have come here before going to the school.
I walk next to him and stare at the fresh grave. “Did you finally bury her?” I asked hesitantly.
“I buried her the day I saw her,” he said. “But the bastards dug her up…and left me a nice note.”
Oh shit. “What did they do?” I asked with surprise.
“It doesn’t matter,” he croaked. “You remember her, don’t you?” he asked.
“Of course I do. She was…the most perfect person,” I told him.
“Then you remember her the way you remember her…and not in any other way.”
That’s when we heard a woman’s skin curling scream coming from down the street. Gabriel grabbed his blade from his belt and bolted through the house to the front door and I followed. 
“Gun!” I yelled at Alyse.
“It’s in the car,” she said confused. “What’s going on? Was that a scream just now?” But I ignored her. I sprinted to the Mustang and grabbed the pistol from the passenger side door. Gabriel was standing at the end of the driveway.
“Where did it come from?” I asked as I jogged toward him.
“To the right,” he said pointing down the street and to the right on the perpendicular street. We began jogging toward the scream we heard. The street was silent. Nothing looked out of the ordinary. Not even the trees were swaying. The only things breaking the pattern were random uninhibited cars in driveways. I was beginning to become impatient as we continued down the street. Other, smaller, streets began branching off this main road which got me thinking we went a little far.
“Where do you think they are?” I asked Gabriel. But he ignored me as he quickly examined every house we passed.
“Gabriel?” I pressed. He just sighed. “I think we went a little too far,” I added. He remained silent. I stopped in my tracks and Gabriel did the same. “Dude,” I said.
“What?!” he snapped irritably.
“Easy,” I said. “I was just wondering where the scream came from…I think we went a little too…”
“Man…we are definitely on the same road. We are looking at the same houses. We also happen to be jogging right next to each other,” he said in his condescending tone. I just stared at him with no emotion. He continued, “So…when I see something, you will definitely see something at the same time I will.” I continued to stare. “Moral of the story…shut the hell up. Contrary to popular belief…there is such a thing as a stupid question. And you are full of them today.” He finished, and at that instant I forgot about the woman’s scream and shoved Gabriel. He looked at me with a crinkled face, took a step forward and shoved me with both hands—forcing me to take a step backward.
“Asshole!” I yelled.
“Bitch,” he grumbled.
I threw a quick uppercut aimed at his gut, but he blocked it and elbowed the side of my face. The force of the elbow knocked me senseless. I fell to one knee and Gabriel stepped back. We took a second to reevaluate the situation. The bastard is going to get his.
I charged the unsuspecting Gabriel, landing a shoulder in his stomach and he fell back on his ass. As soon as he landed, he rolled backward on to his feet and he lunged forward with his fist up. He threw a wild right hand haymaker aimed in my general direction. I stepped to his outside and dug a knee into his ribs. As he was doubled over I pushed him over.
I did a lap around him taking in the victory.
“What’s up?...asshole,” I said and a triumphant laugh escaped my mouth. That was the biggest mistake I’ve ever made. With one fluid motion, and with astonishing power, Gabriel landed a punch on my solar plexus that sent me to my knees. I gasped for air, but had no luck. He stood up laughing…the bastard. He pushed me on my back and straddled me—leaving my arms under his legs.
“What’s up?...bitch,” he said and begun to slap my face.
“Dude…get…off!” I grunted between slaps. I tried to wiggle free, but it was no use.
“That’s what she said,” Gabriel said and laughed as he continued to slap.
“What about the girl!” I screamed and he paused.
He paused and thought a minute. “You’re right,” he said. “So now…I better get all my hits in with one massive slap.”
“No…please dude!” My plea only fueled his sinister grin. He raised one hand but we felt the ground shake beneath us. I tilted my head back to see a grey monster approach. The GT500 stopped about a foot from our position.
Alyse stuck her head out the window and said, “This car is awesome…” She climbed out of the car and took notice of my embarrassing position and started snickering. “What the hell are you guys doing?”
“I’m slapping him,” Gabriel stated very matter-of-factly. Then he finally got off of me, after a few moments of awkward silence, and offered me a hand but I didn’t take it. I just wanted to lie there and let the throbbing in my face cease.
“Well, when you guys are done fooling around,” she started, “We need…” Her sentence was cut short when gunfire broke all the windows in the GT500. The three of us dove behind the driver side of the car.
The bullets didn’t stop when I asked, “What the hell?!”
“I don’t know!” Alyse said.
Gabriel kept trying to take a peek but ended up taking cover every time.
“There must be four or five!” he yelled. We remained behind the car, helpless, for about forty-five seconds—glass and hunks of the car raining on us the entire time. Then, suddenly, the barrage stopped. I began to get up and I realized I was covering Alyse.
“Hold on,” Gabriel said as he put his hand on my shoulder to keep me down. We stayed put for a few moments when we heard the girl again.
“HELP ME!” she shrieked. This was followed by a “Shut that bitch up!” from an unknown source. I attempted to stand up again, but Gabriel pushed me back down. Alyse began wrestling around with the bottom of her white undershirt.
“What the hell?” I asked as she ripped off a strip of her shirt and reached over for the broken antennae which lie on the ground.
“Good idea…” Gabriel said as he glared at the piece of clothing. Alyse tied the strip to the tip of the antennae and waved it around in the air. She continued to wave as she slowly stood up.
“No,” I objected and put my hand on her shoulder, but Gabriel protested.
“Let her be.” Reluctantly, I took my hand off her shoulder.
“It’s a girl!” some guy said on the other side of the vehicle…probably twenty feet away.
“Put your guns down,” another said. Alyse was fully standing now and slowly started behind the car while continuing to wave her makeshift flag.
“Girl, we about blew your head off!” their leader said. He sounds awfully familiar.
“Sorry…” she said. She tried to say something else but it didn’t come out. All that did come out was a serious of stutters and incoherent mumbling.
“What?” their leader asked.
I know that voice. Taking a leap of faith, I stood up. As soon as I did I found four assault rifles pointing at my general direction.
“It’s The Army!” a heavy set man in the back said. “Kill ‘em!” he added. But the leader held his hand up for them to stop.
“Paul?” Alfred said unconfidently. Oh thank God…it is him.
“Fred!” I called out and we both laughed.
“Holy shit! If it isn’t a Reed brother himself,” he said smiling. “Where’s your brother?” As soon as Alfred asked Gabriel slowly stood up. “Gabriel!” Alfred exclaimed. “Damn…we got both brothers! Get your asses over here!”
I almost didn’t recognize Alfred. I remember him as this nerdy, scrawny, black kid, with an enormous afro, who used to come by, knocking my door asking my dad if I could come out and play. Now, he’s the massive ball of muscle—with short hair. I used to follow his football career while I was in college. He was the star linebacker for the Hurricanes. He was a bull on the field.
As we were walking over to greet Alfred, Alyse asked, “So, how do you know each other?”
“We met in middle school. We used to cause all kinds of mayhem. Once, when the neighborhood was still under construction, we decided to ‘test out’ the equipment the construction workers used. There was this steam roller that we named ‘Vicious’, which we loved to do most of our terrorizing with. I would throw stuff, from bricks to two-liter sodas, in the middle of the street while Alfred would run them over. Our adventures with Vicious ended when Alfred took too sharp a turn and ran into the sidewalk—breaking the power steering line. He was covered in power steering fluid…it was hilarious. But the next day, the areas under construction were taped off. We were pissed.”
I walked up to Alfred and we shook hands. He wrapped one arm around my shoulder and I followed.
“It’s good to see you man. I’ve been trying to tell these people you’re real,” he chuckled. He looked behind him to the three other black men and introduced them. “This is Mike,” he said, pointing at the heavy set man who didn’t trust us at first. “This is Aaron,” he said pointing at the skinniest of the bunch. Aaron seemed more scared than relieved. “…And this is Kevin,” he said while pointing at the massive ball of muscle standing next to him. He waved at us and I waved back.
“This is Alyse,” I said and she waved shyly.
“So, what’re you guys doing here? Don’t you have some people to kill?” Alfred said and they all laughed.
Gabriel spoke up, “Actually we were here because of the screams we heard.” After saying this, Alfred’s face went grim. He nodded toward the open garage door a couple of houses up.
“Let’s go,” he said. They were quiet the entire time we walked toward the garage. When I saw what was waiting for us, all I could say was, “What the hell?!”
There was a woman tied to a metal chair in the middle of the garage. She was wearing ragged jeans, a white tee shirt, and a ball cap with a Lieutenant emblem pinned to the bill of the hat—her blonde hair was messily tucked in under the hat.
“She came with a surveillance team last night. A part of the same convoy that checks on Pine Forest,” Alfred was informing us and I shot a grin at the mention of the convoy we ambushed last night.
“They come by your house,” he continued and pointed at Gabriel and I, “hoping to catch you off guard...I don’t know what they expect to find. But it’s what they do.”
We were all taking in the information when the woman blurted out, “You’re the Reed brothers?”
“What of it?” Alyse asked.
“I didn’t ask you!” the woman snarled. “I was talking to the Reed brothers.” Gabriel walked up to her and snatched the hat off her head.
“Gimme that!” she screamed as her bleach blonde hair fell over her face. Gabriel ripped the pin off the hat and examined the back.
“A transmitter…just like the Captain,” Gabriel said as he handed me the pin. I turned it over to see a small circuit board with a small microphone. I looked up at Gabriel and he was staring at the female soldier through angered eyes and his knuckles, white. I know he wouldn’t do anything. Women and children are not on his hit list.
“You’re looking at a full scale war here,” Gabriel said to Alfred through gritted teeth.
“War my ass,” said Fred. “This is our home. They don’t have a chance.” When he said this, the other boys grinned.
“This is not like last time,” the blonde soldier interrupted. “More will show up and take your home,” she said with a grin.
Fred just laughed and shrugged it off. “The question is, how are you boys gonna get out of here,” he said after he pointed at the destroyed Shelby.
“That’s a shame,” I said and looked up at Gabriel, but he was concentrating on the female soldier. “Gabriel?” I asked to try and break him from his trance.
“What’s he going to do to me?” she nervously asked anyone listening.
Gabriel paid her no mind and asked us, “What’re we going to do with this?”
“Kill her,” Mike said.
“No,” I said and they all looked at me. I looked around at each of their faces and read that they wanted me to add something to my ‘No.’
“What then Mr. Legend?” Aaron asked.
I stared at Ms. Blonde and felt a bit of compassion. Or at least I think it was. She anxiously looked around at all of us as she waited while we decided her fate.
“Just let her go…” I whispered.
“What?!” Kevin said and stepped forward.
“Let her go,” I said loud and clear.
Kevin shook his head and stepped toward the prisoner with his pistol ready, but Gabriel stepped in his way. They stared at each other for, what seemed like, an eternity.
“Move,” Kevin said.
“No,” Gabriel replied.
Kevin finally lost it. He looked as if Gabriel punched his child. “Do you see who you’re protecting?!” Kevin spat. “She’s the enemy!”
“It’s a little more complicated than that,” Gabriel said as his eyes drifted downward…lost in his own mind.
“Calm down,” Fred intervened. He put his hand on Kevin’s shoulder and nodded him to back off. He walked up to the captive and cut her bounds. She looked around at us and relief washed over her face. Too quickly, she stood up and her legs gave out from under her. She fell into Mike who caught her. But he then grabbed the back of her neck and threw her out of the garage. She hit the ground with a loud thud, but managed to swiftly get back on her feet. She glanced at us as we watched her at the end of the driveway. She slowly took the hat off her head to examine it. She glanced back up and threw the hat on the ground and ran up the street.
“I didn’t think compassion was a trait you boys carried,” Alfred said.
I guess it was compassion.
“I like it,” he added as I was thinking to myself.
“We have to get going,” I said and held my hand out for him to shake.
He took it and said, “You two take care…”
The three of us started walking down the street toward the destroyed Mustang.
“Hey!” Alfred called out. As I turned around a small object nearly smacked me in the face, but my hand was quicker. I examined the object in my hand and found myself staring at a key.
“Trade?” Alfred asked.
Alyse took the Cobra’s key from her pocket and tossed it to Alfred. He handed the keys to Kevin and they whispered something to each other. Kevin, along with the rest of the gang, jogged over to the Cobra and began pushing it down the street and around the corner.
“Two houses up in the garage. Now get out of here before they arrive…we can handle the bastards, don’t worry about us,” he said and walked in the garage. “Take care of her. And take care of yourselves…we’re all counting on you,” he added and closed the garage door down. The quiet atmosphere resumed.
“This is a massive key,” I said examining the large key fob. I turned it over to see a large arrowhead, with a star inside, etched in the key fob. “Pontiac,” I whispered to myself and Gabriel snatched the key from my hand.
“That was my Cobra,” he said, answering my scowl. We were all silent as we walked up the street. Anxiety built up as I couldn’t wait to see what was waiting in the garage for us. The anxiety and the silence made the walk too long—even though it was only two houses up. Alyse walked in front of me and I caught myself staring at her butt…which was great.
Gabriel trotted up the driveway and to the garage door.
“Ooh, nice!” I said once Gabriel pulled the door up to reveal the car. The blue 2006 GTO stared at us with intense headlights. Gabriel didn’t say anything as he hit the ‘unlock’ button on the key fob.
He walked to the driver’s door and said, “We have to get moving,” and took his place in the captain’s seat. He probably misses the Mustang.
“What is this?” Alyse asked as I opened the passenger door.
“It’s a goat,” I smirked, and she crawled in the back after I moved the seat up.
I sat in the passenger seat and admired the dash. Everything was stock except the button on the aftermarket short-throw shifter.
“Oh,” I said and reached for the button but Gabriel smacked my hand out of the way. I glared at him, but then noticed the switch next to the shifter with a label next to it that read ‘I like to scream.” “Oh, a cut-out,” I said and reached for the switch but Gabriel brought his hand up.  I pulled my hand and frowned.
He smiled and said, “Let’s go,” bringing the car to life. The roar of the engine echoed in the garage. “Damn,” Gabriel whispered, almost to himself, and nodded. I guess he finally accepted the GTO. That didn’t take long. He sped out of the garage and up the street.
“Don’t forget about our ride,” I said before he got to our street.
He flashed annoyance in my direction and said, “I didn’t forget. If you had let me get to the street before saying that, you wouldn’t look like such an ass.” He smiled and I just shook my head. He stopped just behind the Mustang and Alyse and I got out.
“That car was really comfortable,” Alyse said as she sat in the passenger seat of the Mustang. Gabriel sped forward and led the way to the entrance of the subdivision. I followed two car lengths behind him as he turned left on to Mobile Highway, but he stopped at the first intersection we ran into.
I pulled up next to him and rolled the windows down as he did his.
“You know there aren’t any more red lights,” I said to him, but he was too focused on something. “You remember where to go? Just a straight shot down this road.” He held his finger up telling me to shut up. Then I heard it. Like a stampede of wildebeests. A gang of diesel engines could be heard coming from the right. The street to our right curved left before the heard could be seen.
Gabriel sped to the other side of the intersection and stopped. As I followed he jumped out of the car and asked, “Do you have any explosives on you?”
“There is C4 in a bag in the trunk with detonators,” Alyse replied. “I figure we come prepared for anything,” she said to me and shrugged. I popped the trunk and Gabriel did some digging. He walked toward the intersection with the bag in hand. I hopped out of the driver’s seat to see what he had planned. He pulled the C4 from the bag and rigged it along the intersection. There were four blocks he placed under some cardboard which was on the side of the road. He threw the empty bag in the trunk and shut it. He put one foot in the GTO and positioned himself for a quick getaway.
“Nice,” I applauded.
“Get ready,” he said as the sound of the convoy was much louder. I quickly jumped in the car and watched from my rear-view mirror. The first truck was a Humvee which gracefully drove over the cardboard. The second truck, about half a car length behind the first, was another Humvee. The third was a large cargo truck which housed about a dozen soldiers. Gabriel then set off the C4 as the cargo truck was directly over the explosives. The explosion left me shuddering, but I didn’t linger to let the sensation last. Gabriel and I both punched the gas and flew from the scene.
“Go, go, go!” Alyse exclaimed, but was muffled through the whine of my supercharger or the whistle of Gabriel’s turbochargers.
“Did his car break?!” Alyse yelled over the wind rushing into the car.
“That jet engine sound is the turbochargers in his car!” I yelled back.  I looked down to see we hit 120 mph and we didn’t stop. The surrounding area was a blur as we continued at extreme speeds. A sinister grin grew on my face which turned into a teeth baring smile. I looked over at Alyse who was doing the same thing. I looked across at Gabriel and he was also smiling. At this speed, everyone smiles.
I glanced in my rear view mirror to see nobody was following us…not that they could. We began to slow down when we got within a mile of the Wal-Mart Chris was at. Once we pulled into the parking lot we saw the trucks lined up at the left entrance of the supercenter.
“We got here fast…how far did we just drive?” Alyse asked and I just shrugged as I continued to smile.
“Where have you guys been?!” Chris asked.
“Busy. Let’s just get the hell out of here,” I said and we all followed Gabriel to our next mission.
20. The Feeling of Hope
We’ve been on the road for a couple hours now, and my ass was killing me. Maybe I should have taken the Cadillac, I kept thinking, but once I thought of the Cadillac I thought of that senile old man. It made me shudder.
Having Alyse in the car with me is as if I am here by myself. So far, she has slept the entire time. I kept trying to think of something funny to say, but I’m horrible with women—so I remained silent.
I realized how tired I was when I was having difficulty holding up my head. I tried sticking my head out the window, but that didn’t help in the least. I tried slapping myself, but then I started to think of how much of an idiot I was for doing so. I grabbed the CD’s which lay next to Alyse. I started putting in random CD’s because they didn’t have any markings or notes indicating what was on them—except for the occasional ‘My Mix’ which didn’t help.  To my dislike—they were either country or pop.  Disgusting. With each CD I didn’t like, I threw out the window—which, so far, happened to be every one of them. I didn’t feel too bad about littering either. There were five abandoned cars on the side of the road for every one CD I threw out. There was also the sporadic car sitting in the middle of the interstate every other mile or so.
A stroke of luck hit when rap music started emanating from the speakers, and I immediately turned it up. Alyse started fidgeting in her seat, and eventually sat up.
“Oh, you hit the jackpot,” she said as she started bobbing her head back and forth. Say something, say something. Ask her what other music she likes. Something.
“You know, Gabriel’s car isn’t that bad. It’s actually quite beautiful,” she said. Or you can be an idiot and wait for her to talk.
“Yeah it is. It’s quite deadly too,” I said.
“Deadly? You think it could take the Mustang?” She said smiling. The song came to a close, and more heavy bass pounded from the cars subwoofers. I started smiling big—Alyse gave me an idea.
She took notice, “Oh God. What’s that face?” She asked with curiosity and worry.
I punched the gas pedal to the floor. The force of the acceleration pushed Alyse and I deep into our seats. I pulled up next to Gabriel, and started revving the engine. He had his left arm out the window just cruising comfortably—heavy drums could be heard thudding from his car. He turned his head to me and started smiling.
“Wha…” Alyse started to say, but jerked her head toward me and hissed, “No! We’re gonna hit one of these cars on the side of the road!”
I revved the engine several more times, and Gabriel did the same. He downshifted to second gear, and I followed. We were coasting at ten miles per hour, and he held up three fingers. The three trucks that followed us pulled up, side-by-side, and several of their passengers were hanging out the windows whistling and cheering. Gabriel must have flipped the switch to open his cut-out because the car became deafening loud.
The radio cracked and a voice leaked through the open line, “You want to play?” said Gabriel.
I picked up the radio, “Whenever you’re ready,” I taunted.
He honked once, then held up two fingers. I could hear Alyse next to me breathing heavily while holding the leather seat with vice grips.
“Calm down,” I told her chuckling. I looked ahead and the interstate roads were full of curves, hills, and trees on both sides—complete with the random cars sitting here-and-there. “This should be fun,” I mused aloud to myself. The second honk rang through my ears and I looked up at Gabriel who was now holding up his middle finger. My feet trembled on the clutch and gas pedals. My hands itched with excitement as one gripped the wheel and the other rested on the shifter.
Gabriel sounded the last honk, and I slammed my foot on the gas. The drag radials gripped the road and threw Alyse and me harshly into our seats. All I could hear was wind rushing all around me and all I could feel was blood rushing to my head as the smile crept its way back on my face. Though the roar of his engine out blasted mine, our cars stayed even within the first couple of gears. I started to inch away from our even start. The Goat was no match. Then a light tap in my right rear bumper sent the Mustang wiggling down the interstate. Alyse started squealing and I started to laugh.
“It’s going to be like that?!” I yelled to myself. I got control of the car, but Gabriel was already flying by—his head tilted back, laughing.
He cut in front of me and would not let me pass. With every sway I made, he quickly adjusted to block. I got tired of trying to pass and I rode his bumper. I was within inches of his rear end and Alyse started yelling, “Oh my God! How’re you that close?!”
“I got skills!” I joked. Then the GTO’s bright red brake lights brought me back to focus. I ran into the back of Gabriel’s Pontiac, and I was forced to tap my brakes. The roar of his engine told me he floored it, and within seconds he was several car lengths ahead.
“Oh thank God,” Alyse said. I continued to accelerate—gaining, ever so slightly, on Gabriel’s lead. I felt the nimbleness of the Mustang every time I had to dodge a car on the road. I recovered quicker than Gabriel did and gained even more so each time. The trees from the left side of the interstate cleared, and the roads for oncoming traffic were visible. I took my chance—for there was a break in the median’s metal railings. I crossed over, into the grassy median, and onto the opposite road. The maneuver put me further behind, but I was clear to pass.
Alyse finally loosened up, and was now on the edge of her seat with a huge smile on her face. I slowly passed Gabriel, but the difference in acceleration was nonexistent for we were now pushing the cars top speeds. In this case we were on par, but I already had the four car length lead on him. The jet engine sound of his turbochargers were now a decent ways behind me. I found another break in the median and quickly cut across to the other side. Gabriel was forced to hit the brakes when I cut him off—barely missing his front end. I looked in my rear view mirror to see his car out of control, and eventually spinning out down the interstate. I let off on the gas and let out a triumphant yell. Alyse did the same. I picked up the radio and said, “How does the back end of my car look? Or are you too far behind to see it?”
Alyse rolled her window down and stuck her head out to look behind us, “He’s trying to catch up,” she said sardonically and slouched back into her seat. I looked in my rear view mirror and in the distance Gabriel’s headlights were facing forward again.
“I’ll rub it in,” I told Alyse and had the gas pedal slammed against the floor. My celebration quickly faded when I noticed Gabriel was closing in at an incredible rate. The engine was screaming RPM’s and I put it in fifth gear.
“What the hell?!” Alyse yelled.
“Nitrous,” I told her. Gabriel was gaining on me as if I were parked.
The radio cracked and Gabriel said, “Your rear end isn’t half-bad.  How about mine?” As the GTO screamed passed, Gabriel held his arm out the window with his middle finger pointing up at the sky. I could only laugh.
Gabriel said through the radio, “Now, isn’t that the prettiest thing you’ve ever seen?”
I let go of the gas, and watched the speedometer fall behind the ‘100’ mark. Gabriel was a tiny spec in the distance, but we quickly gained for he was parked on the shoulder.
“You’ll never hear the end of it,” Alyse said.
“Gabriel isn’t the type to boast,” I told her. “He’ll have one remark at most—then he’ll probably mention how we shouldn’t have done something like that, ‘We need to conserve gas Paul, what were you thinking?”’ I said in a mocking voice.
We skidded to a stop behind Gabriel as he stood leaning against the rear of the GTO. I cut the engine off, and Alyse and I stepped out to meet him.
“That was fun,” he said grinning. “I just about pissed myself when I spun out back there.”
“That’s when I started laughing my ass off,” I told him.
“He was,” Alyse said and nudged my arm.
“Tell me, were you still laughing when you saw this?” he asked and held up his middle finger.
“Actually, I was,” and I tried to kick his hand. He caught my foot and pushed me onto the hood of the Mustang.
“Those with the bigger weapons always win,” he said and curled his arms—showing his biceps. “How could anybody win with those?” Alyse said teasingly.
“Ouch,” Gabriel said while rubbing his arms.
He looked down the road, “Now, we just have to wait for them to catch up. And we should stop for gas soon.”
“You mean, stop and start looking for a working gas station,” I corrected him.
“That too,” he said and walked to the passenger side of the GTO—grabbing an orange from the plastic bag. “Want one?” he asked, but Alyse and I just shook our heads. “This is my fourth one,” he claimed and bit into the peel.
“You have any good CD’s in the car? I asked Gabriel.
“Not if you like Elton John and Michael Bolton,” he told me. “No idea why Alfred had these in this car, but who am I to judge someone’s taste? He did have a couple of rock albums in here that I’m grateful for.”
“Ugh! Michael Bolton?” Alyse said.
“So you’ve been only listening to the open road most of the time? How in the hell did you stay awake?” I asked amazed.
“No, I’ve been picking up those radio stations Coach told us about,” he told me.
“Coach?” I asked, lost.
“Coach Bergstrom,” he added. “You should tune in. They’re talking about ‘The Games’ right now.”
“What station?”
“97.5,” he told me. “And they’re mainly going to be on FM frequency.”
“Why’s that?” Alyse asked.
“Carrier signals are varied in FM frequency. Changes in amplitude don’t affect it,” I told her and she stared at the ground with furrowed brows—trying to understand what I just said. “There isn’t any static you hear on the AM frequency. Just a better signal for them to get their news across,” I added.
“Oh,” she said in response.
“It’s about time,” Gabriel said while looking down the road. I turned to see the three trucks appear over the hill.
Gabriel, still eating his orange, climbed back into his car and said, “Try to keep up this time,” he joked.
“If you didn’t have that nitrous, I’d be saying that!” I called out to him as he closed the driver side door. He stuck his head out the window, “What nitrous?” he said incredulously.
We both sped off down the interstate when the three Humvees caught up. The radio line cracked.
“That was so cool,” Spenser said.
“So, who won?” Chris asked. In front of me, Gabriel started weaving back and forth on the road while revving his engine.
“Are you serious?!” Spenser yelled. “We all thought the Mustang was a definite win.”
“Well, you guessed wrong,” Gabriel said.
“He cheated,” I added.
“Yeah…I cheated,” Gabriel agreed sarcastically.
I was reluctant to join in on their conversation—I hate losing. And to talk about it got me irritated. Instead, I turned the radio on and switched the station to 97.5 FM. The voices of a man and a woman spoke through the speakers…
“…and we hear there are hundreds of people there, ready to compete,” the woman said.
“Yes, all wanting their shot against The Army of Apocalypse. I believe this is a stunt to gather the world’s strongest factions, and then take them out while they’re all in one cluttered spot,” the man said.
“But they’ve had several events like this around the world, and there haven’t been any reports of them slaughtering the victors or anything like that,” the woman claimed.
“But there hasn’t been an event of this magnitude before. Big names like the Black faction and the Apocalypse Fighters will be there—you think The Army is just going to let them go? And besides, just because we don’t hear of it, doesn’t mean it didn’t happen. The day I start believing the news that The Army delivers…Never mind! I’ll never believe a single word they tell us.”
They both started laughing, and then the woman spoke in a serious tone, “You think they’ll be there?”
“The Reed brothers? God, I hope so, but if what I said turns out to be true, then I would want them as far away from Texas as possible,” the man replied.
“I think they will. I mean, it’s been confirmed by other radio stations that an outside source calling himself Mr. B, who personally knows the brothers, has already taken out the Russian leader, Federov. I’m guessing they’re after the leaders, and with Pollick there…who knows,” the woman said.
“Going after the leaders!” the man scoffed “That’s just pure insanity. To tell you the truth, I would be willing to bet these brothers don’t even exist. Some of the things we hear them doing, a small army couldn’t even manage.”
“Maybe that’s their strength—there is only two of them,” the woman suggested.
“That and one of them is a crazed psychopath,” Alyse said staring out the window.
“What was that?” I asked her to repeat and turned down the radio.
“Paul…Gabriel is a damn lunatic!” she said, raising her voice. He’s crazy—simple as that. And he drags you into all of this.”
“Never, not once, has he asked me, or told me, to come along with him into the lion’s den. I follow on my own free will,” I told her calmly.
“Why then? Why do you do it? These factions they just told us about, recruit hordes of resistance for months. And they go into battle with high hopes, only to be cut down to shreds. Then the process starts all over again. But you two go somewhere, and all that’s left is dead Apocalypse soldiers. What could ever make someone do that? There’s a fine line between bravery and stupidity, and you two have well crossed that line.”
“Everything, that I have held dear, was taken away. My family, the fresh new life I was building for myself—times where I could actually walk down the street and smile. As for Gabriel, he has lost so much more,” I started to tell her and began to raise my voice. “So what are we supposed to do? Sit, twiddle our thumbs, and wish the life they took from us back?  It’s too late for that. Everything is fucking gone…all destroyed! And you said yourself…we leave a trail of Apocalypse soldiers bodies, not our own…”
I stopped and relaxed—I went a little overboard. “I’m sorry,” I told her.
“It’s ok,” she replied, still looking out the window.
“All we can do is fight, and take away from those who stole from us,” I told her. “We are not just two brothers—we are a symbol of hope. The hope that life will be restored—the fighting chance.”
Silence clouded the car as Alyse still stared out the window—tears running down her cheeks. She hastily wiped the tears away as more came pouring from her eyes. Shit, now I made her cry. But I realized she was smiling.
“So, why do you do it?” I carefully asked her.
She started to laugh, wiping the last tears from her face. “I was nothing compared to you two,” she started to say. “The first time I ever saw any of The Army was at the prison, and I was scared out of my mind. I’m not fighter…just a girl, motivated by the hope you spoke of.” I looked at her, confused, and she explained, “I remember the first time my grandfather came back from America—after we moved back to Scotland. He brought many troops with him to New York City—he heard about the high ranking officers that would be there.”
I reminisced about the time Gabriel and I spent in New York City, and I cringed. She continued, “To be honest, I didn’t expect to see him again. But a week later, he showed up—untouched—with a black flag in his hand. He said, ‘There were so many dead, and there was this,’ and he held up the flag to show all of us—you and your brother’s names.” She turned to face me and continued, “We’ve only heard of you then—not knowing if you really did exist. But to see my grandfather holding your flag…it lit something inside of me…”
“Hope,” I told her.  She answered with a smile.
“And you look just as I dreamed. And how you carry yourselves—the presence that you bring…whatever it is—it’s stimulating,” she mused. I was taken aback.
“That’s…deep,” I said and chuckled.
Her hands grabbed my face, and she forcefully pulled me to hers.
The kiss was just as I hoped—fulfilling. Warmth passed through me as our lips continued to touch. Her hands massaged my ears as the heat rushed all throughout my body.
The ride suddenly got bumpy and rough. I peeked out toward the road, and realized I wasn’t on it. I tore away from her grip and swerved back into line behind Gabriel. Alyse’s head was down—staring at her hands on her lap.
“I’m sorry,” she giggled.
“For what?!” I exclaimed. “I was hoping you’d do that. I don’t have the balls to just…I’m glad you...just went for it…”
She laughed, slumping down in her chair, and closed her eyes with a grin.
“You taste good,” I whispered and she playfully backhanded my arm. Her hand rested on my arm and she slid it down on top of my hand. The warmth still throbbed in my ears—this is the best feeling I have ever experienced.
I noticed my leg was resting on something, and to my horror it was the radio. It was positioned to where my leg held down the button. How much did they hear? Oh shit, was Gabriel listening?!
I relaxed when Chris spoke through the radio. “Get some boy!” Alyse started laughing.
“She’s right. There’s something about you two that I can’t quite put my finger on. Something special,” Toni said. I don’t take flattery well—the goose bumps started showing up, and the hair on my neck was standing. Then I saw Gabriel, through his rear window, take his hand off the wheel and bring the radio to his mouth. He held it there for several seconds, then set it back down, and rested his hand back on the steering wheel.
21. A Night Out in the City
We finally stopped for gas in the outskirts of New Orleans—or what used to be New Orleans. The buildings were trashed and broken. Like any major city, debris littered the streets. People wandered, without direction, amongst the city limits—it was a nice touch to the chaotic scenery.
Surprisingly, we found several functional gas stations. The first one we found was Citgo, but Gabriel refused to fill up there—as if Chávez was still in power, and made some sort of profit if we filled our tanks there. Ridiculous.
We tried filling up at a small gas station down the street from the Citgo, but we were not welcome. We didn’t realize the Humvee trucks were some sort of universal symbol of The Army of the Apocalypse. They came after us with guns and knives—threatening to cut off our balls. We didn’t hesitate to leave.
Fifteen minutes later, we finally found an abandoned gas station, and we took our chance. Gabriel, Chris, and I waited and watched by our cars, as the rest of the gang filled up the trucks.
“We should stay the night,” I recommended.
“In this area?! Are you insane?” Chris exclaimed.
“I was actually thinking the same thing. Find a small building we can stay at, and rest up,” Gabriel agreed.
“But I thought we were making a one way trip there,” Chris said.
“It’s not like we’re on a tight schedule. We still have three days until ‘The Games’ start—might as well take advantage of that,” I interjected.
“But what are we supposed to do?” Chris said with worry.
“Sleep, play with your Hot Wheels, masterbate—whatever it is that you do at night,” Gabriel said and I laughed. 
“I feel like someone will stab us in our sleep,” Chris said while examining the area. Several people were walking by, and it was clear how they felt about us. A couple of fat chicks walked by, staring, giving all of us nasty looks. An old man—who barely had any teeth, walked hunched over and smelled of old sweaty shirts and garbage—came from around the gas station and walked right past the three of us. He inhaled, and the loud noise of the phlegm circulating through his system made me gag. He spit the large ball of snot at our feet, and we all jumped. Gabriel and Chris just stared back at the old man, but I was fixated on the ball of snot we just dodged. It was black with some dark green and yellow.
“Ugh! Take some vitamins,” I told him and the dirty man walked off.
Alyse walked through the glass doors of the gas station, holding a white box.
“Here are your Twinkies,” she said and tossed the box to me.
“Awesome,” I said.
“Don’t know if they’re any good though—they’re a couple years out of date,” she told me.
“Don’t care,” I replied.
“You’re about as dirty as that old man,” Chris said laughing.
“No, he’s just a fat bastard,” Gabriel said. He walked around to the GTO and got in the driver’s seat. “We should get moving. Trying to find an empty lot won’t be easy,” he said.
“What’s he talking about?” Alyse asked as we walked back to our car and Chris back to his gang.
“We’re staying the night,” I told her and she was exstatic.
“Yes!” she yelled. “Finally, I get to sleep in a bed. And who knows…maybe I won’t have to sleep alone,” she said.
My heart started racing, “What do you mean by that?” I asked but she kept walking, laughing to herself, and hopped into the Mustang.
We were driving around for forty-five minutes looking for a place to stay. Most of the spots we did find were out of the question. They were either occupied with people who didn’t look like they wanted company or people who we didn’t want to spend the night with. Eventually, we found a series of run-down apartment complexes which were positioned on a steep hillside of a street. We stopped and turned into the first apartment building—which was blocked off by a steel gate. Chris pulled ahead and drove through the gate with his Humvee—loud and obnoxious, but effective.
When we made it inside the gated parking lot, we all filed out of our vehicles to examine our choice of stay—not that we had much of a choice. It was a typical, three story, brick building—steel stairs leading to each floor. Green doors with metal numbers marked the rooms. We walked around to see there were three other buildings, like the one we just analyzed, postioned in a square—and in the center of the square was an empty pool.
“Not too bad,” I said, and I received several unapproving looks. A man, standing on the third floor balcony, stepped out through his open door—wearing a red bath robe.
“What the hell do you think you’re doing here? Leave at once!” he yelled. We just stared at him, and begun unloading our vehicles of items we were taking with us to our rooms. “Did you hear me?!” said the old man. “I said…My fence! What have you done to my fence?!”
Gabriel stepped forward, looking up at the man.
“It was in my way,” he said. The old man spit, and it fluttered down—barely missing Gabriel.
“There’s a reason why that fence is there! To keep assholes, like you, out!” he said, yelling at Gabriel.
Gabriel started laughing and walked back to the GTO—grabbing the bolo blade from the passenger seat. “That was the problem. The gate was saying ‘no, no, no’ and I was saying ‘yes, yes, yes.’” He started walking up the flights of stairs, “And, looking at your precious fence, you can see what I do when something is telling me ‘no.’” The old man was acting tough with his arms crossed over his chest—waiting for Gabriel.
“Gabriel,” I started to call out to him as he reached the third floor.
“Oh don’t worry Paul. I just want to show him my sword,” he said with a smile. This isn’t good.
“What’s your blood type?” Gabriel asked the old man and held up the blood stained blade. “I’m collecting them, you see. I have quite the collection.”
The old man started walking backwards as Gabriel limped forward. It was probably the mixture of scars, the blood on the blade, and the look in his eye that made the old man second guess his masculinity.
“I think all I need is AB-,” Gabriel said and the man reached for his door and quickly hid behind it. Gabriel finally stopped, and turned back around for the stairs.
I let out a sigh of relief, and Alyse was staring at me.
“What? He was joking,” I reassured her.
“What if he wasn’t? You were down here and couldn’t stop him,” she said.
“He was joking,” I scoffed.
“Ok. So which room are you going to sleep in?” she said and walked for the first room, on the far left of the bottom floor. She opened the door, walked through, gave me a smile and slammed the door. Damn you and the entire female gender.
Gabriel and I occupied the room next to Alyse. Through the door was the living room, and to the right was the tiny kitchen area. Passed the living room was the bathroom sink, divided by a cheap wooden door. To the right of the sink was the bathroom, and to the left was the bedroom—where Gabriel stopped for some rest. I sat on the hard couch, bored out of my mind. I had strong urges to walk over to Alyse’s room, but I didn’t want to push it.
A knock on my door got me to my feet. I looked through the eyehole to see Spenser, staring at the eyehole with a huge grin on his face. I opened the door.
“What’s up?” I asked halfheartedly.
“We went through, and searched several of the rooms and we found a Playstation 3! We’re all in my room just playing. Want to join?”
“Sounds like fun,” I lied. “But I think I’m going to call it a night. The trip really wore me out.”
“Oh,” he said disappointed. “Well, then I’ll see you tomorrow,” and he walked away. I shut the door, and not even three steps toward the couch, someone was knocking. I looked through the eyehole and it was Spenser again.
“We have Madden. Want to play some football?” he asked through the door.
“No Spenser,” I replied and walked away from the door. Again, someone was knocking at the door.
Irritated, I swung the door open and Alyse stood there with a deck of cards and a bottle of Jägermeister.
“Well if you’re going to be like that,” she said and started to walk away. I grabbed her arm and pulled her inside.
“I found these in the front office,” she said putting the cards and the bottle of alcohol on the living room table.
“Found what?” Gabriel asked as he limped through the bedroom door. “Ah, going to play some cards?”
“No,” I said. “I’m going to kick your ass in some poker.”
“Bring it on,” he said and brought two of the kitchen chairs to the table—giving one to me and sitting down in the other. Alyse sat on the couch.
“Any variation of poker you two wanted to play?” She asked.
“Just make it five card draw,” I said. Gabriel started emptying his pockets of loose cash—throwing it on the table.
“Poker isn’t fun if we don’t have anything to gamble on,” he said and Alyse and I threw the money we had in our pockets onto the table.  Gabriel had over five thousand thrown onto the table.
“Where did you get all that?!” I asked surprised.
“Bergstrom,” he said.  “I’m hoping we’ll run into an Arms Dealers.”
“Why didn’t he give me any?” I asked with a sense of rejection.
“He did. I just kept your half,” he said flatly.
“What the…!”
“I’m not going to spend your half. I’m just keeping it together,” he said reassuringly.
Someone knocked on the door, and Chris stepped through. “I don’t feel like watching them play video games,” he said. “Mind if I…Oh! Deal me in!” he said when he noticed Alyse dealing the cards.
“It’s a fifty dollar buy in,” she said teasingly.
“I don’t have any money, but I have music,” he said holding up an iPod and a pair of speakers.
“He’s in,” I said immediately.
We were all sitting around the living room table, playing cards, and passing around the Jägermeister—except for Gabriel. He was on his third orange.
“You’re getting orange juice all over the cards,” complained Chris.
“Shut up and play,” Gabriel responded and threw down two eight’s and two ace’s. “Dead man’s hand,” he said triumphantly. Chris and Alyse folded their cards and sighed. I smiled, throwing down a deuce.
“A two? That’s it?” Chris said.
“One,” I said as I put down one king. “Two,” putting down another, “three, four,” I said putting the rest of my cards down. “And five,” I said pointing my thumbs at my chest.
“Damn!” Gabriel yelled. “Is this what they taught you in college? How to cheat at poker?”
“Don’t be a sore loser,” I said and scrapped up my winnings—I was up to three thousand now. “Me and my buddies always played in our spare time,” I clarified.
“Played, huh?” Chris said.
“Har har,” I directed back to him.
“Remember when mom thought you were gay because you still hadn’t had a girlfriend throughout high school?” Gabriel said laughing.
“Yeah,” I said reminscing.
“She thought you were gay?” Alyse asked as she dealt the cards.
“She did everything,” I chuckled. “She tried to hook me up with waitresses whenever we went out to eat. She would ask random girls if they thought I was handsome. She even made me a profile on one of those dating websites, and at the sexual orientation she emphasized ‘Women only.’”
“Give me two,” Gabriel told Alyse as he tossed her two cards from his hand.
“She even bought me porn,” I shared. Chris was on his side laughing, and Alyse just stared.
“What did you do to make her think you were gay?” she asked.
“I don’t know! And the porn she got me was lesbian porn,” I told her.
“So there weren’t any penises involved,” Gabriel added.
“Oh my God. That’s fantastic,” Alyse said.
“I know! It’s embarassing. Let’s just drop it,” and I handed her three of my cards.
“That’s pretty pathetic,” Chris said, regaining his composure.
“You want to talk about pathetic? Gabriel here, had a problem controlling his body,” I started.
“Don’t you go there,” Gabriel said pointing at me, serious again.
“Out of know where, he would just shit his pants,” I said and both Chris and Alyse started laughing.
“I was a toddler, damn it!” Gabriel yelled.
“Dude, you were like seven years old,” I said and he started throwing orange peels at me. “You didn’t get out of diapers until you were nine.”
Alyse and Chris continued to laugh, while Gabriel threw more orange peels at me. Chris fell out of his seat, laughing, and knocked over the bottle of Jägermeister.
“Oi!” Alyse yelled and picked up the bottle. “You don’t waste alcohol in front of me.”
“What do you care? You’ve hardly drank any of it,” he said and reached over to pinch her cheek. “Aw, Miss Alyse can’t hold her liquor well.”
She took the bottle, and tilted it back—gulping down the rest of its contents.
“Jesus. That was like a quarter full,” Chris said. Then music changed, from the Red Hot Chili Peppers to the Jonas Brothers. We all looked at Chris, and his face turned red.
“What the hell?” Alyse asked him.
“Uh, this is Spenser’s playlist,” he said. The three of us laughed.
“Sure Chris, sure,” we all said in unison.
He reached over and turned it off, looking for something more suitable. He put on another song, but Alyse said.
“Whoa, turn that back off.” He listened, and we watched her. She was frozen in her seat with her eyes closed—as if she was listening intently for something. Then I could feel heavy bass tremoring under our feet and I could hear the faint music playing.
“What is that?” Chris asked.
Alyse got to her feet and to the door. She opened it and we all followed. Down the street, at the brick warehouse, were crowds of people walking in. Neon lights were flashing through the top windows and into the nighttime darkness. Alyse’s face lit up.
“It’s a club!” she exclaimed and started walking down to the warehouse. Gabriel and I followed.
“I’ll round up the gang,” Chris said and ran off.
We were within a crowd of people in front of the front doors of the warehouse.
“What is this place,” I asked the guy standing next to me.
“It’s a speakeasy,” he told me. “They have one every week, and they move to a different location every time.”
Second generation of speakeasies, I thought to myself—weird. The doors opened and a large bouncer walked through.
“Fifty dollar entrance fee!” he yelled out over the crowd. I turned to look at Gabriel for approval.
“Totally worth it,” he said and pulled one hundred and fifty dollars from his pocket.
“Chris and the others should be covered. Bergstrom gave them plenty of cash.”
Everybody filed inside, and we were all surprised with the atmosphere. There was a large stage at the other end of the massive room—the DJ’s equipment was already set up. Running along the perimeter were black leather booths with marble tables. Marble round tables with matching chairs cluttered the first half of the room—the other half was presumably the dance floor. Against the far right was a bar stretching along most of the room—several bartenders stood behind it, cleaning mugs. I noticed the large speakers that hung along the walls when the music started playing. The elegant sound of violins came flowing from the speakers, and the DJ added his own mix of beats.
Gabriel started limping forward.
“Ah!” he yelled and grabbed his leg. I threw his arm over my shoulder, and guided him to one of the booths to the left. “I feel like an old man,” he said as I sat him down. He put his back against the wall and threw his legs across the rest of his seat. I sat down in front of him and Alyse next to me.
“Go have fun,” Gabriel insisted. I looked at the dance floor, and there were only ten people dancing.
“I’ll wait a little bit. Have to warm up,” I said.
“You’re so lame,” Alyse said playfully and nudged me with her elbow. “I’ll go get a couple of drinks—to help warm up,” she said. “Any requests?”
“See if they have any oranges,” Gabriel said smiling. “If not, get me some Jack Daniels.”
“I’ll take a rum and coke,” I told Alyse.
More people started crowding the dance floor—Chris and his group were among them. The people on the dance floor created a circle—Chris was in the middle, breakdancing.
“Are you seeing this?” I asked Gabriel, amazed, as Chris was dancing to the music. “He’s making up for that Jonas Brothers slip up,” he said.
“No oranges,” Alyse said and gave Gabriel a small bottle of Jack Daniels. She handed me my rum and coke, and she sat down with her drink.
“Bailey’s?” Gabriel asked Alyse and she nodded. “Good stuff,” he added.
By now, the dance floor was packed and Alyse was getting agitated. Without saying a word, she got up and started walking toward the dance floor. Gabriel just looked at me and shook his head. Alyse was dancing by herself at the edge of the crowd when I looked back. She stared back and smiled, signaling for me to join her with her finger—she moved further into the crowd and out of sight.
“Alright,” I laughed and started to get up. A large white hand gripped my shoulder, and pushed me back down.
“Sit your ass back down,” said a burly white man—probably in his mid-twenties. Behind him stood his two goons—both look exactly like him. They were all wearing brown jackets with white shirts and khaki pants.
“The Backstreet Boys back?” Gabriel asked.
“Very funny, bitch,” said the goon to the left. Then the man in the front spoke.
“Those cars out there, the Mustang and the GTO, they’re yours, right?” he said with his deep voice.
“Yeah,” I answered flatly. Then each of them pulled out a Glock from their jackets, and aimed them at the two of us.
“You’re going to hand them over. If not, well, you’ve heard of us and you know what we can do,” the front man said.
“Firstly, no we are not,” Gabriel said. “And secondly, who exactly might you be?”
“We’re the Reed brothers,” said the left one. I doubled-over laughing, but Gabriel just stared at the three of them. What morons!
“We don’t play!” said the front man as they continued to threaten us with their weapons.
“We don’t either,” Gabriel said. The three of their smug faces turned sour when they realized three guns were pointed at the back of their heads. Toni held two pistols aiming at the front man and his ‘brother’ to the left while Ebben held up the third. The three morons slowly dropped their weapons.
“Hey, these guys are claiming to be the three Reed brothers,” I said still laughing.
“Well that’s kind of hard, considering there are only two of them,” Toni said.
“Yeah, and you clowns are staring at them,” Ebben said.
Their eyes widened at the new found information, and they slipped the guns back into their coats.
“Posing as somebody is one thing, but having the people you’re impersonating being your intended victims? That must be embarrassing,” I mused.
Struggling, Gabriel stood up and got in the front man’s face.
“Leave. Or I will take those cars, and run over your useless bodies.” Without a word, they about faced and ran for the door.
Toni and Ebben started laughing.
“Why don’t you two sit down and have a drink?” Gabriel invited.
“But we’re not old enough,” Toni said.
“Nobody here is going to card you,” he reassured. Then he looked at me and asked. “Don’t you have somewhere to be?” and nodded toward the dance floor.
Quickly, I hopped over the booth and ran for the crowd of dancing people. Luckily, the last song just ended, so everyone was calm for a few seconds. I frantically searched for the beautiful woman I needed. Everlong, by the Foo Fighters, started playing and I just about lost hope when the thick crowd started jumping and dancing around me.
Two soft hands reached from behind me, grabbing my shoulders, and turned me around. She then grabbed my face and our lips crashed against each other’s. I picked her up, and she wrapped her legs around my waist. My head was tilted as far back as my neck would allow, and hers craned over mine.
Her body, embraced against mine, filled me with the love I’ve been yearning for. How could I have been missing out on this? The best feeling in the world. She broke our rousing kiss, and rested her forehead against my own—baring her teeth in a huge grin.
“What took you so long?” she asked.
“I had to go to the bathroom and freshen up,” I told her. She laughed, and kissed me passionately.
The best feeling in the world.
22. Evil, in His House
Her warm, naked, leg rested over my waist as she slept. Her head rested against my chest, and I couldn’t help but watch her sleep. Is that creepy? I kept asking myself. But I didn’t care. I would pay to watch her sleep…now THAT’S creepy. Her beauty was well worth it.
Several violent knocks on the door got me to my feet. I grabbed my pants from the floor and slipped them on—hurrying to see who was at the door. Gabriel stood on the opposite side of the eyehole, waiting. I opened the door, and the sunlight behind Gabriel stung my eyes. He lightly slapped me across the face.
“Wake up,” he said. “Let’s get moving.”
Gabriel changed his clothes—wearing a black tank top, brown cargo pants, and his Chuck Taylor’s. I was feeling too lazy to search for a new pair of clothes, but Alyse already had them laid out for me. She was getting dressed when I walked into the bedroom, and she had another clean pair of jeans and a white shirt spread out over the bed.
“Thank you,” I said and walked behind her—giving her a kiss on the top of her head. She answered with a smile.
We hit the road early that morning. This time around, the trip was enjoyable—even with the cloudy skies and glum atmosphere. Alyse and I chatted about various subjects—mainly focusing on each other’s personality and past. She and I had much in common, and I had a hard time deciding if that was for the better or for the worse. At this point, I couldn’t care less what the millions of dating experts would say on the subject.
Math was her best subject, but she had a passion for the arts. She was a horrible singer, just like me. She only liked sports when she was involved in them—I do not enjoy watching either. Fight Club is her favorite movie—awesome. And like Gabriel and I, she was suspended from school her senior year. Her reason was the most honorable in my opinion.
“I punched a cheerleader,” she said through a smile.
“What?!”
“She thought it was funny to put fake blood down the front of my pants and on my chair while I was asleep in class,” she begun to explain.
I looked at her, confused, “It looked like I had my period,” she clarified. I laughed, and she gave me an evil look, “That’s not funny,” I quickly said.  She continued.
“Everybody laughed at me…it was so embarrassing.”
“I’d imagine so,” I said trying to paint the scene in my head—little Alyse running while everybody points and laughs.
“Well, that night, at a football game while she was cheering, I walked right up to her and broke her nose.” I could only stare at Alyse.
“Awesome. So wait, why do you have a Scottish accent if you lived in the States up through high school?”
“We lived in St. Andrew’s until I was in what you call ‘middle school.’ When we moved to the U. S., everyone made fun of my accent. Which gave me all the more reason to keep it…I’m really proud of my heritage.”
“That’s so cool…” I said admiringly.
“So what did you do to get suspended?” she asked curiously—turning her body to face mine.
“My english teacher gave me shit all year,” I started to tell her. “Giving me ‘F’s’ on papers I worked hard on. Calling me an ‘idiot’ in class. And a few times, he claimed to have caught me cheating on his tests—I don’t cheat. So I hacked his computer, and planted pornography on it.” She started laughing.
“Clever,” she said with an upward inflection.
“And I tried to find the sickest kinds, like I remember one where this guy was taking a dump on a girl’s chest…” I started gagging as I spoke. “It was so gross…Long story short, they found out it was me. They were quite disappointed,” I said, remembering the faculty’s reaction.
“So what did Gabriel do?” she asked, snickering.
“He was working on a twenty-five page research paper on a computer in the school’s library—we didn’t have a computer at home at the time. He was finishing the last paragraph and the computer crashed. Deleted all of it.”
“I think I know where this is going,” Alyse said shaking her head.
“Yeah, he picked up the computer and slammed it down on the ground. He then took the keyboard and smashed it against the monitor.”
“Sounds like he abused steroids,” she said laughing.
“I mean, I would be upset too, but damn. He had to go to court for it too…had to pay for the damage. It definitely didn’t go over too well with her,” I said.
I picked up the radio, “Hey Gabriel, you remember when you got suspended?” I said.
“Damn computer,” he said and I laughed.
“Wait,” Alyse said—deep in concentration. “Who is the ‘her’ that you’re referring to? The girl in that picture?”
Damn. I let out a sigh and said, “Gabriel’s fiancé.” She remained silent. I let it rest as it was.
“What was her name?” she asked softly.
I didn’t want to answer. Instead, I turned the radio up and tried to find a news broadcast.
“All we can do for now is hide, and do as they say,” A woman said. ‘The age of resistance and fighting factions seems to be coming to an end…”
“On that note, we will be back on tomorrow, same time, to talk about the horrors in several findings of biological weapon testing areas…” said another woman. “God speed.”
That was the only airing station I found—we must be in a dead area. Luckily, we only had a couple more hours until we reached home sweet home. Alyse was concentrating on the road, speechless—making the trip boring again. I’d imagine the sympathy she had for Gabriel grew after being informed of his tragic loss. Hopefully she gained a better understanding of his state of mind, his reasons—his anger.
“Hold up Paul,” Gabriel said through the radio. His brake lights brought me to alert.
“What’s wrong?” I asked.
“Your rear-view mirror,” was all he said.
“Oh, gotcha,” I said as I looked back and saw the three trucks pulled over on the shoulder of the road. Gabriel made a U-turn, and I followed.
Chris and Spenser stood in front of the Humvee with its hood open. Gabriel parked in front of them, and I parked next to Gabriel further into the grassy plain.
“What’s the problem?” Gabriel asked as the three of us approached the clueless pair.
“We don’t know. It just started lurching forward, and making weird sounds,” Chris told us.
“Then you’re looking in the wrong place,” I said, laughing.
“What?” Chris and Spenser asked at the same time.
“How was it ‘lurching?’” I asked them.
“To the right,” Spenser said.  Immediately, Gabriel and I walked to the right front tire—examining the wheel well. I got on my back and slid under the truck.
“Damn, the spindle broke in half,” I said astonished.
“Can you fix it?” Spenser asked.
I could only stare. “No,” I said flatly.
Gabriel turned to Chris. “Paul and I will go find another vehicle. The next town is only a few miles out.” He started to walk toward the GTO, but Alyse cut him off.
“I’m coming too,” she said. I shrugged when Gabriel looked at me.
“After you,” he said. She pranced over to the passenger door.
“Shotgun.”
“Oh come on!” I yelled in protest—Gabriel laughed as I pouted. Chris ran to Gabriel’s window with a worried expression.
“What if we run into trouble? Like some soldiers drive by and see us?”
“We haven’t seen a bit of traffic since we started this trip,” Gabriel said. “If it makes you feel better, you can go hide in the grass.”
“Alright,” Chris said and took off.
“Hide in the grass?” I asked.
“It’ll teach them to stay cautious.”
“I’m going to laugh my ass off if we come back, and they’re all lying face down in the grass,” I said. A smile inched across Gabriel’s face.
Passing several mile markers, and no town, I started to worry about the crew lying in the grass. And all the abandoned vehicles on the side of the road were cars—no trucks large enough to carry the people and equipment they carried.
“Where is it?” Gabriel kept saying to himself. I noticed with every word he spoke, Alyse stared at him—examining him by the slightest details.
“We’ve been driving for fifteen minutes now, maybe we should…” I started to say, but Alyse cut in, “Over there!”
She pointed out her window to a small village in the distance, surrounded by grassy hills.
“There are no exits,” Gabriel said looking around for a sign or an off ramp. “Uhh, there’s your off ramp,” I said pointing at a thick dirt road that lead to the village. Gabriel stopped the GTO at the dirt road.
“I don’t like this,” he said. Given that he’s always right on his hunches—I probably should listen to him.
“I don’t want to go searching for a half hour looking for another town. Let’s go,” I pressed. “Alright,” Gabriel said and sped down the dirt road.
It took us five minutes to reach the outer gate, which had a large ‘Warning Testing Zone’ sign on it. The large chain linked fence retracted into the thick concrete wall that ran along the perimeter—not corresponding with the small village atmosphere.
We all got out of the car and proceeded to the gate. I started to scale the fence.
“Did you guys read the sign? Usually ‘warning’ means ‘bad’,” Alyse objected.
“Where’s your sense of adventure?” I said as I crossed over. On the concrete was a grey box which I opened, and flipped the lever hidden behind it. The gate started moving—sliding into the walls—and Gabriel and Alyse walked through.
The village was constructed of small brick huts with no particular layout—everything seemed scattered and misplaced. At the other end, from where we stood, was the largest building. It was a massive brick house that had a Cross on top of the roof. The stained glass windows had pictures of Biblical scenes.
“Have you prayed lately?” Gabriel asked and started walking toward the church.
“This isn’t time to play. We need to find…” I started to say. Gabriel cut me off, pointing at the church. Next to it was an old pick-up truck, a Ford F-100. It was rusted and worn down, but it will have to do. A wooden gate extended up and around the bed of the truck—holding a large pile of red roses and amaranth flowers.
The doors on the truck were locked. Using his elbow, Gabriel busted the driver side window and popped the lock. He started to hotwire the vehicle when the doors to the church flew open.
A single man, dressed in black and wearing a large necklace, started walking toward us. He had a severe twitch in his step, and large portions of foam dripping from his mouth.
“Oh my God,” Alyse gasped.
Gabriel walked up next to us, his eyes dark with anger.
“Biological weapons. This is a biological weapons testing area,” he hissed.
“Uh, guys!” Alyse said with her back to us. We turned to see hordes of these victims twitching toward us—some were small children. They groaned and growled as they drew near.
Alyse screamed as the man from the church grabbed her from behind. With all the force I had, I landed a punch on his cheek bone. His necklace caught my wrist and broke off of his neck. I examined it to see it was a rosary.
He only stumbled back two steps after the punch and started gurgling with all the foam in his mouth. My fist left an indentation on his face—the skin, from where I punched him, was gone. I looked at my knuckles to see his scaled skin glued to my hand.
“Gabriel! Hurry!” I yelled as I peeled the skin from my fist.
Gabriel jumped back into the F-100 in an attempt to turn the engine over. The truck roared to life and I grabbed Alyse by the waist and threw her over the wooden cage, into the bed. I used the rear tire, and jumped onto the pile of flowers—fortunate for us, the thorns from the roses were removed. Gabriel swerved through the crowd, missing as many as possible. Alyse was curled up in a ball, her head resting against her knees. I took her trembling body to mine, and held her close—watching our cushioned bed of amaranth flowers and red roses float up from the truck.
Gabriel stopped at the gate. Taking Alyse in my arms, I ran to the GTO and gently put her in the passenger seat. Gabriel tossed me the keys and drove off—I followed closely behind him. I put my hand on the back of Alyse’s neck as she sat, holding her legs, in the seat.
“It’s over,” I kept telling her, but her mind was lost.
The trip back to the Humvees worried me as Alyse got worse. She started shaking more severely and tears streamed down her face. But we made good time, and arrived within minutes with Gabriel keeping us at a constant 100 mph.
As we drove up to the parked trucks, Chris and his gang rose from the grassy field next to the road. Gabriel parked next to the Mustang and I rolled up behind him.
“What the hell took so long?” Chris asked as we got out of the vehicles. Gabriel, nor I, answered him, and I walked to Alyse’s side—picking her up in my arms. Everyone picked up on her unstable state.
“What happened?” Chris then asked, and Gabriel guided him and the onlookers away from sight.
I carried Alyse back to the pick-up and climbed into the bed. I set her down softly on her back, on what was left of the flowers, and sat down next to her. Her sobs got heavier, so I lay down next to her—putting my arm under her head. She rolled over and buried her face into my chest.
“Why?” she cried.
“I don’t know,” I whispered.
“When will it end?” she cried harder.
“I don’t know,” I whispered again.
23. Home Sweet Home
I had to keep a close eye on Chris and the old pick-up behind me. I didn’t know how long the rusted thing would last. We finally made it back on the road, about an hour later. Alyse was feeling better, but remained speechless. She held my hand in her lap—fiddling with my fingers.
“Nice fingers, huh?” I said sheepishly—trying to get her to speak or smile, or anything. But nothing.
“I have more. Maybe you’ll like them better?” I said and the corners of her mouth started turning up into a smile.
“There it is!” I yelled—excited to see her dimples. Alyse gave me a huge smile, showing her teeth, and brought my hand to her face. Then she rubbed her cheeks against the back of my hand, and whispered, “Thank you.”
“It’s what I’m here for,” I responded.
She then jerked upright in her seat. “Look!” she shrieked, pointing out the windshield. Approaching on our left was a group of motorcyclists. There were ten of them. They rode in pairs and in two straight lines of five. They were an older group—consisting of forty to fifty year old males. The group wore the same clothes: blue jeans, black boots, and leather jackets that had ‘Freedom Fighters’ emblazoned in sunfire yellow on their backs.
The first few bikers looked back as we approached next to them. I saw Gabriel’s arm stick out of his window—waving at the bikers as he passed. My jaw hung open as I saw the Harley-Davidson emblem on the tanks of the motorcycles. The rear pair of Freedom Fighters noticed me ogling at their bikes and laughed—each giving me a thumb’s up. I returned their gesture with a smile and a thumb’s up of my own. The front men on the right—I’m guessing to be one of the leaders—sat up and stared at Gabriel as he passed. He was heavy-set with major muscle mass bulging from under his jacket. He had an impressive mustache stretching down under his chin.
He accelerated to get a closer look at Gabriel then he slowly fell back in file with his group. He yelled something at the biker to his left, and they both stared at me as I passed. Probably just looking at the cars.
I turned to Alyse, but her chest was in my face as she sat on her knees, leaning forward, peering over my head—trying to get a view of the strangers known as ‘Freedom Fighters.’
“Boobs,” I said staring at her chest through her tight white shirt. She smacked the back of my head, “Damn!”
“Is that how you’re going to act when we’re around people?” she said.
“I’m sorry, but your breasts were in my face,” I said flatly and she laughed.
Interstate 35 got heavily populated with traffic as we hit the ten mile mark from Austin. Vehicles, ranging from school buses to mopeds, transporting our competition, and our allies, crowded the roads—we had to drive at a slower 50 mph due to the traffic. We all honked and waved to each other—glad to see all the factions who fight for the same cause.
“This is stupid…on their part,” Gabriel said through the radio.
“What’re you talking about?” Chris asked.
“Look around. Thousands of people who have the same opponent. Does The Army of Apocalypse not expect them to come together and fight? They’re not invincible,” Gabriel said.
“Or they plan to kill all of us,” Toni said.
“…I won’t let them,” Gabriel hissed.
Alyse took the radio from my hand and said, “We won’t let them.”
Someone from the group of trucks behind me opened their radio line, and all that came through were shouts of approval and cheers. I shot a grin toward Alyse and she kissed me on the cheek.
“Can I get some of that honey?!” a voice called out from my left. I look out the window to see a 1993 white Honda Accord driving next to us in the left lane. The fart sound the street racer emitted from the muffler was giving me a headache. I looked back to see five more cars like it—body kits, mufflers the size of my head, and spoilers that would make you think the car could fly. The man in the passenger seat of the Honda had his upper body hanging out of the window—I’m assuming he was the one who spoke. He wore a backwards cap that barely sat on his head. Does he not know how to wear a hat? Alyse ignored him and sat back down.
“Hey! I’m talking to you!” he said again. I tried to pull a ‘Gabriel glare,’ but I’m guessing it didn’t work for they all laughed.
“Hey dude, how much for the babe?” he said and held up a wad of cash. “We’ll give her right back. I promise.”
Alyse threw him a middle finger.
“Why don’t you stick that somewhere?” he responded.
Disrespectful punks. I could only ignore him—I didn’t want to push them. I looked in my rear-view mirror to see the others, from the rice rockets, messing with Chris.
With the kid still hanging from his window, he shot us a middle finger, and drove next to Gabriel. I saw him taunting him as well—never a good idea. Through the back window of the GTO, I saw Gabriel grab a pistol from the floorboard. He stuck it out the window, aiming at the kid’s face. The kid threw himself back in the car, and the Honda swerved several times before Gabriel aimed at its front right tire and shot. Sparks sprung from the car’s rim as it rolled along the asphalt. The Honda started to pull over, and I saw the old pick-up swerve left to hit the Supra next to him—it lost control in the grass. The rest of their gang pulled over with the Honda and the spun out Supra. I looked back to see them throwing a fit in our direction—Alyse laughed. I grabbed the radio.
“Was that really necessary?”
“Hell yeah!” Chris said. “They wouldn’t shut up. What better way to stop them?”
“He has a point,” Alyse added.
“Same side, remember?” I argued through the radio.
“All assholes deserve the same,” Gabriel said.
I saw the traffic getting off at the next off ramp and it hit me. We didn’t know where in Austin they were holding this thing. Apparently, the rest of the crew was on the same page.
“So, where are we going exactly?” Toni asked through the radio.
“We are just going to follow the crowd,” Gabriel responded.
Through a series of ‘stop-and-go’ driving, we finally made it to the Western side of Austin—Texas Hill Country—where the herd slowly migrated to. To my astonishment, most of the trees in the area were intact—preserving the beautiful scenery. Large tents were scattered throughout the hill cluttered landscape—with several large tents, and one massive tent in the distance.
We followed the slow moving crowd onto a dirt trail that averted off from the side of the road. Alyse and I surveyed the area and its population of tents and roaming people. The cars we followed turned off the main dirt trail onto sister trails that lead throughout the Hill Country.
Gabriel took a sharp and sudden turn onto another one of the sister trails that cut in front of several tents, and followed it. We coasted through until we couldn’t see any more tents—which took ten minutes.
“This looks like home for the next couple of weeks,” Gabriel said as we all got out of our vehicles.
“What about a tent? I am not going to sleep in the truck,” Toni said, stretching her legs.
“Almost all the tents are the same. Someone has to be selling them around here,” Chris said.
“He’s right,” I agreed and turned to Gabriel, “But I’m more worried about how we sign up for The Games. I doubt we can just waltz in there and compete.”
Gabriel nodded in agreement. “Chris, take your crew and find us a tent,” he ordered—handing him a wad of money from his pocket. “Paul and I will figure out how to sign up.”
Chris, and a few others, jumped into one of the Humvees and drove back down the sister trail in search of a tent. Gabriel and I started walking when Alyse walked up.
“When he says, ‘Paul and I’ he also meant me,” she said smiling.
“Of course he did,” I smiled back.
We continued to walk through the heart of the city of tents, and the diversity amazed me. We were surrounded by people from various origins. Alyse and I started to play a game of ‘who can hear the most different kinds of languages.’ She was destroying me with fourteen different languages while I only picked up on seven—so I announced her winner.
“Hey Alyse,” Gabriel said pointing at a tent with three guys standing outside talking—they wore jeans that were skin tight. Gross. “If you need some pants, you know where to go.”
“Those are too tight for my taste,” she said with a disgruntled look. “They look like a boy band,” she added.
“Would you rather be in a band? Or would you rather be an actor?” I asked.
“What kind of band? And what actor would I compare to?” he asked, contemplating before he answered.
“A band like Avenged Sevenfold and an actor like Adam Sandler,” I told him.
“Easy. Band,” he said and explained, “I didn’t really like Avenged Sevenfold to begin with, but their later music was amazing. And Adam Sandler was pretty good with his first few movies, but then he just got irritating.”
“Who is Adam Sandler?” Alyse asked. Gabriel and I just laughed. “Don’t laugh at me,” she said and punched my arm.
Then Gabriel asked, “Would you rather be in a movie with John Wayne or Bruce Willis?”
That’s a tough one, “I’d have to go with Bruce Willis.”
Gabriel turned around, “What?!” he exclaimed, while walking backwards.
“If you were in a movie with John Wayne, you wouldn’t get any attention. His movies are about how he kicks ass, and about his leading lady—you don’t hear too much about the co-stars,” I explained. “Plus, Bruce Willis is just as good.”
Gabriel pointed at me and said, “Blasphemy. Don’t compare The Duke to other actors.”
Him and John Wayne, what the hell? I could never get into his movies. I remember when my father and Gabriel would spend their Friday nights watching John Wayne flicks. I always fell asleep halfway through the first one they played.
“What George Lucas series would you rather be in, Indiana Jones or Star Wars?” Alyse asked.
“Star Wars!” I yelled with my fist in the air like an idiot.
“That would depend,” Gabriel started. “What kind of character would I be in Star Wars? Because if I’m not wielding a light saber, then it’s not worth it.”
“You would be like Han Solo or Indiana’s trusty sidekick,” Alyse said.
“Damn. I guess I’d stick with Star Wars. Forgot about Solo,” Gabriel said.
“How can you forget about Han?” I asked. “He was king of cool. And he deserved the light saber over Luke’s bitch-ass.”
“I like Luke!” Alyse shrieked.
Gabriel stopped, and looked around. “I have no idea what I’m looking for,” he said. I pointed toward one of the large tents, about two hundred yards in front of us, that peered over the trees.
“Let’s walk that way.” We continued our trek toward the tent, and Gabriel started singing Walk this Way by Aerosmith.
“Alright, if you were in a movie—any kind of movie—who would you want as the leading actress in that movie?” Alyse asked.
“In a horror movie with Cameron Diaz…so I can kill Cameron Diaz,” Gabriel quickly responded. Alyse and I laughed.
“So you would be the killer in this horror flick?” I asked him.
“Oh yeah,” he replied.
“I really don’t know. It would have to depend on the movie I suppose,” I said.
“Then what kind of movie?” Alyse asked.
“Probably something I’ve written myself. It would be about something significant in my past. Like about my first job as a cashier at a drug store,” I explained. “I don’t know what genre it would fall under—it has a bit of everything. Or just a movie based around cars.”
“Didn’t you hate that cashier job?” Gabriel asked.
“I didn’t really hate the job—just some of the customers,” then I went into a rant of the annoying ignorance I constantly encountered. “People would throw fits because something cost $5.89 but it rang up at $5.99—and it ended up being that they looked at a price tag that wasn’t even on the same shelf as the item they wanted. This one guy got mad at me because he brought in a calculator that ‘didn’t work’ when all I did was hit the ‘on button.’ And another time when a lady filed a complaint against me because we didn’t have the brand of tissues she wanted. Ok…I hated it,” I added and they both laughed.
“You write stories?” Alyse asked curiously—thankfully changing the subject.
“It’s a sort of hobby,” I confessed. “But what about you? Who would you want as your ‘opposite’ in a movie you starred in?” I asked her.
“Tom Cruise,” she said.
Gabriel and I stopped in our tracks. “What the hell?” we exclaimed in unison—glaring at her with disbelief.
“He’s a good looking man!” she shouted.
“We can’t be seen together in public,” I told her and walked several steps in front of her.
“Alright! I’ll change it to Dwayne Johnson,” she said and ran back to my side.
“You can’t change answers,” Gabriel said, “But that’s much better.”
“And you agreeing with her isn’t gay at all,” I joked.
There were numerous long lines leading to the entrance of the tent when we arrived. Stretching across the opening were several long wooden tables with three people to each table facing the lines writing down the information that each person in line told them. There were computers, copy machines, printers, everywhere within the tent, and there were more people, stammering around busy with something incoherent. All of them wore the same clothes: white collared shirts with blue jeans.
Alyse walked up to the last guy in line and asked, “Is this where we register our team?”
“Yeah,” the scruffy man said. “Just give them your leader’s name, team name, and all the members competing.”
We got in line behind the man and I wondered who exactly sat behind the tables taking down our information.
“Are those guys Apocalypse soldiers?” I asked Gabriel. The people in hearing range stiffened up and examined the workers behind the tables.
“I don’t think so,” Gabriel said, and they all relaxed. “They’re probably the people who reside here in Austin, and, I’m guessing, they were hired by The Army of Apocalypse. And if they’re in league with the Apocalypse, then I wouldn’t feel so bad taking them out either.” The man in front of us turned, laughing.
“I second that,” he said.
We were next in line, and the man in front of us was almost finished. I heard him giving the man behind the table his name, along with the names of his crew, and it dawned on me. I turned to Gabriel, “What are we supposed to tell him our names are?” I whispered in his ear. His eyes widened. He didn’t know either.
“Isn’t there some kind of death waiver we should sign?” The old man in front of us asked. The workers just laughed, and the man walked away from the table—we stepped forward.
The worker behind the table started explaining ‘The Games’ set-up and how it’ll work.
“You need at least seven members to a team, and you may have as many back-up members as you want. The more the better—in case your team suffers severe loss. The preliminary round will be held tomorrow in the city. Your team will compete in five mini-games—the preliminary round—where you collect points depending on how well you preform.” He slid us a pamphlet of the list of mini-games that will be held. “There’s the list of mini-games. The top sixteen teams will advance from the preliminaries. If you’re fortunate to advance from the preliminaries, we will then precede to explain the main rounds to each team. Now, I need your team name, your leader’s name, and the names of the members of your team that will compete.”
I froze. Gabriel and I didn’t know what to tell him. I started to step forward, but Alyse stepped up. “Our leader is Chris Roy. Our team name is, uh, the Omega Unit,” Gabriel and I hung our heads. Can’t say anything though, I didn’t know what to tell him. “I’m Alyse,” she told the man and he continued writing. She pointed at me, “This is…Patton Churchill,” she said with a smile. The worker looked at me, waiting for me to speak, and in the worst British accent ever I said, “Hiya mate.” Alyse scrunched her face in an attempt to stifle a laugh. She then pointed to Gabriel and said, “This is…José.”
“José?” asked the worker. Gabriel looked as if he had violent stomach pains.
“Good, thank you very much,” he said in an Indian accent. Unable to hold it in—Alyse and I both laughed.
“She said ‘José,’ not ‘Abu,’” I told Gabriel—still laughing. The worker was trying to listen in, but I didn’t care—he still seemed clueless. Alyse just took his pencil and paper—jotting down the names of our crew.
“The scores will be totaled and announced tomorrow night at 9 o’clock in the northern most tent in the north quadrant of the area. It’s the largest tent.”
Walking back to the campsite, Alyse pulled out a radio from her pocket and held it to her face.
“You guys find a tent?” she asked.
Chris came through the other line, “Yeah, we are putting it up now. Should be done by the time you come back.”
“Good idea to bring the radio,” I said to her.
“Those are the only kind I have,” she said.
Gabriel trailed several feet behind us, examining the pamphlet the worker gave us.
“Anything interesting?” I asked him.
“This preliminary round sounds like a joke,” he started saying. “There are about fifty different mini-games we can partake in, but they sound ridiculous.”
Alyse and I slowed down to read the pamphlet in his hands.
“Brick toss?” Alyse said. She read the description under ‘brick toss’ aloud. “Try to break as many windows with one brick. Wow.”
“Look at its difficulty rating though—four out of five stars,” Gabriel said pointing at the star rating next to the title. “The higher the difficulty the more points you can earn,” he added. Immediately, I started looking for the highest rated games.
“I can do these three,” I started and pointed to each, “Punch-out, High School Exam, and shooter’s obstacle course.”
“One member can only do one,” Alyse said looking at the rules section on the pamphlet. “I’ll do High School Exam,” she added.
“Funny that that’s five stars,” I added.
“You’re a better boxer than I am, so you can do Punch-out. I’ll do the obstacle course,” Gabriel said.
“Sweet. Can’t wait to break somebody’s nose,” I agreed.
“I found one for Chris,” Gabriel said. I looked to see where he was pointing.
“Strong Man?”
“Competitors max out in bench press, squats, and power cleans. Whoever has the highest combined total of the three wins,” Gabriel explained. He continued to read each of our chosen games, “Alyse, your exam is based on an advanced high school level. Covering subjects: math, science, history, and English.”
“Easy-peasy,” Alyse said.
“Paul, you have to score high on a punching machine—whatever that is—and you’ll fight the other three finalists in a tournament styled bracket. If you make it, that is.”
“Please,” I said. Then I asked him, “What’s in the obstacle course?”
“First round is the pistol round. Using a handgun, run through the building and shoot out as many obstacles in the fastest time. Second round is assault rifles—same thing but with assault rifles. And third is the sniper round—taking place on Congress Avenue,” he said reading off the pamphlet.
“Sounds like fun,” I said.
“Congress Avenue is huge,” Alyse said in disbelief.
“That’s why it should be fun,” Gabriel said. She rolled her eyes.
We made it back to the campsite, and I was excited to see the tent was standing upright. “Pretty good, huh?” Chris said as we approached.
“Nice. Looks sturdy,” Gabriel complimented and walked inside.
Alyse and I walked up to Chris. “Where’s my bag?” she asked him. “Everything is inside,” he told her. “It’s next to Paul’s stuff,” he added. She walked into the tent, shooting Chris a smile. He looked at me and nudged me with his elbow, “Did you like that one?” he said snickering.
“Oh yeah,” I told him and we walked through into the tent.
It’s was just like a plain room with four walls, only grass replaced the carpet. Everybody was scattered throughout the room—chattering with each other. Gabriel laid down in the back right corner with his hands behind his head, deep in thought. Next to him was Alyse, searching through a duffle bag. I walked over to her—watching my step, hoping I don’t step on anybody’s hands.
“What you looking for?” I asked her.
“My phone. I need to call my parents,” she said quickly.
Going through her last pocket, she pulled out a small silver phone and left the tent—dialing as she walked. I moved her stuff, and sat down next to Gabriel.
“Well, we have four people for four games…who’s going to do the fifth?” I asked Gabriel. He didn’t answer. When I looked down at him, he had sorrow lingering in his eyes—staring at the ceiling. When I followed his gaze, I noticed he was staring at a white handkerchief that the crew tied to the tent’s pole—probably for extra reinforcement. He was lost.
I stood up and grabbed the pamphlet that lay between us. “Alright guys!” I yell and do a double-clapper. That was kind of lame. Everybody stopped what they were doing and averted their attention to me. I hate this kind of attention. Reminds me of the presentations I had to give back in school.
Alyse walked back through the tent, disappointed.
“Couldn’t reach them?” I asked and she nodded. Thankfully, she stood by my side as I continued. “There’s a preliminary round, that starts tomorrow,” I told them. I took a glance at the pamphlet, “There will be at least fifty games that we can partake, but only five of our members can do five games. We’ve decided to do the most difficult so we can rack up more points.”
“Who is doing what?” Chris asked.
“Gabriel is doing an obstacle course, Alyse is taking a written exam, and I’m going to do some boxing jig. And we picked one out for you Chris,” I told him and tossed the pamphlet his way. “Strong Man,” I told him. A smile appeared on his face, and he curled his arms over his head—showing everyone his flexed arms.
“Two-time Weightlifting State Champion, baby,” he informed.
“Glad you like it,” I said smiling. “All we need is one more person for one more game. You guys can decide who will participate in what event.” I started walking with Alyse to our spot in the tent.
“What time are these starting?” Chris asked. I was about to respond until I realized I didn’t know.
“10 o’clock,” Alyse said. Then the crew started discussing with each other in a hushed manner.
“How’d you know what time…? It doesn’t say in the pamphlet, and I don’t remember the guy telling us…?” I asked her.
“I heard some people talking about it outside,” she said while going through her duffle bag.
She pulled out a blanket and set it between Gabriel and Keith—the silent one amongst the group. She laid down, about three feet from Keith, and I took my place between her and Gabriel. I put my hand behind my head, and Alyse wrapped her body against mine.
“I’m sure your parents are fine,” I reassured her.
“Yeah, I would just like to hear their voices,” she said.
“I don’t blame you.” What I would give to see my family.
24. May We Reign Victorious
I turned onto Lamar Boulevard in search of a Lord’s Gym. Spenser, sitting in the passenger seat of the Humvee I drove, along with Keith and Ebben, in the back seats, kept their eyes peeled for help. In my mind, I pictured a massive gym with several boxing rings, an elaborate work out station, a nice locker room—everything a nice gym has to offer.
“Up ahead,” Keith said in his squeaky voice. That’s probably why he doesn’t talk much.
Where Keith pointed was a crowd of about two hundred standing next to an old run down building. I parked behind a bus that sat on the sidewalk.
We started walking toward the crowd, when Ebben said, “It’s 10:10. You better hurry.”
There was a long line of bulky males that lead to a black punching device that sat against the aluminum wall of the gym. I took my place at the end of the line as I examined the gym more closely. I smiled to myself when I realized this was a real boxing gym. I bet if I were to walk inside, it would hold the stale smell of sweat, blood, and hard work.
I stepped to the side to get a good look at the machine the line of hulks was to hit. It consisted of two black columns, each having a large base, and they connected to a large platform at the top. A speed bag hung from the front of the platform—it swung into the platform when each competitor punched the bag. On a large digital screen, the platform measured the force of each punch. The record of ‘902’ stayed on the screen in between each punch.
The next guy, a middle-aged fat man, walked up to the speed bag, then took two steps back. He crow-hopped and threw his body into a punch that shook the whole machine. I watched the digital numbers start from ‘1’ and speed it’s way past ‘800’ and eventually crawl to a stop at ‘889’. The audience, along with the line of competition, applauded as the man took a bow and flexed his biceps. Prick, I thought as he continued to bow and taunt the rest of his competition.
“Get some, you pansies!” he yelled and walked off.
Most of the other punches barely passed ‘700’ when a few scarcely passed ‘800’. This might be harder than I expected, I thought when the burly man in front of me landed a powerful punch to the bag—but his score was only ‘823’. I stepped forward when he shuffled away angrily.
“Name and faction please,” said an old lady holding a clip board—she wore the same white collared shirt and blue jeans as the other workers.
“Pau…Patton Churchill. Omega Unit,” I told her. I forgot about the accent—my mind was on this bag that I was about to knock the leather off of.
I stood two feet behind it, and waited—trying to get ‘in the zone.’ I took practice steps to help judge the right distance. I’m taller than the bag, so I should punch downward—the extra force should add to my score. “Let’s see what I can do,” I whispered to myself. I took a quick shuffle with my feet then stepped forward with my left leg. Throwing everything I had—body weight, speed, and any other outside force I could muster—into the downward punch, the bag flew into the machine with much force that rattled even the aluminum wall of the gym.
I took a step back and watched the digital numbers fly past ‘700’. I could feel the tension creep through my body as the numbers passed ‘860,’ but at a slower rate. My heart stopped as the score inched passed ‘900,’ and the crowd gasped as the numbers stopped at ‘907.’ I turned and shrugged at the crowd when they just stared at me. Keith, Ebben, and Spenser ran up to me, jumping and cheering, as I tried to walk out of the spotlight.
Most of the crowd dispersed, knowing they wouldn’t make it to the finals. All of us stood waiting for the announcements of the four finalists. I wasn’t as antsy as the other competitors. I knew I made it.
“I hope this man doesn’t make it,” Ebben said pointing at the prick from earlier. He was trying to intimidate the others with his slow-spoken words.
“Why are you still here?” he’d say to someone then turn around to say, “You look like a bitch.”
“I hope he makes it. I will feel so happy when I break his face,” I told Ebben.
“Hell yeah!” he cried and punched me in the arm.
The old lady walked through the gym doors with the clip board in her hands. Immediately, she started announcing, “Patton Churchill, with a score of ‘907,’ will also be awarded five extra points for having the highest score.”
“Sweet man,” Spenser said.
“Yeah, we’re definitely going to make it past preliminaries!” Keith exclaimed.
The lady continued with her list, “Hunter Watson, with a score of ‘902’ will be in the semi-finals.” I looked around to see the other finalist, but I couldn’t tell for half of the crowd cheered for this Hunter Watson. “Justin Flowers with a score of ‘889’ will advance.” The lady announced.
The prick with the big mouth threw his arms in the air, “What did I tell you? You guys don’t have shit on me!” he exclaimed.
“That’s why you got third place,” Keith said. Justin Flowers pointed at Keith and said, “Hit puberty before you talk to me boy.” Keith just hung his head.
“Anthony Brewton, with a score of ‘872,’ will be our last semi-finalist,” the lady finished. A body builder of a man started jumping up and down screaming “YES!” told us who Anthony was. “I can’t believe it!” he said in a voice even more pathetic than Keith’s.
“He needs to hit puberty,” Keith said laughing at the squeaky voice.
“Will the semi-finalists please approach,” the old lady said. Three men walked forward, and I watched, examining each one. Anthony shouldn’t be a problem. Justin was heavy and appeared slow—the only problem he will be he may take more hits to bring him down. And I finally got my eye on Hunter Watson. He was also big and sloppy—he was a little stockier than the others though.
The four of us walked up to the old lady and she started explaining the set-up. “There will be two fights between two of you, and then the finals to follow. The first set of fights is three rounds with three minutes each round. The final fight consists of five rounds with three minutes each. Only the fighters and the judges will be in the gym during each fight—no spectators.”
Damn. A cheering crowd always gives me an edge—no matter who they cheer for. She continued, “The first fight will be Anthony and Hunter. The second, Justin and Patton.”
Yes! I thought. Goosebumps ran up my arms with the excitement. Then Justin whispered in my ear, “You’re going down bitch.” That’s the fuel I need. Keep going fat man. 
“Fighters, please proceed,” the lady said and motioned them toward the door. I looked at their choice of clothing, and it got me second guessing mine. Anthony and Hunter both wore tight sneakers with loose gym shorts. Justin wore the same. I looked down to my loose khaki pants and white shirt. At least I got my good luck Chucks on.
Next to me, Justin threw punches against the air and danced around. “You can’t handle this. You might as well go home,” he said between punches.
“This is home,” I told him.
“Then you don’t have far to walk,” he laughed with one eye brow raised. What a douche bag laugh. I just stood there, imagining different ways I could beat him up. I pictured my fists ripping through his face and cracking his ribs with the thrashing I’d throw down on him. My thoughts got carried away as I soon pictured grabbing a steel chair and smacking him across the face with it—but it was relieving, so I let it wander.
The doors opened as I was tearing off Justin’s limbs with a chainsaw. Hunter walked out—sweating and breathing heavily. Behind him walked out two men, holding up a bruised and beaten Anthony.
“That’s going to be you,” Justin said and jogged inside the gym—still punching the air. But my attention was focused on the broken body of Anthony. Hunter is a contender…should be fun.
“Kill ‘em!” Ebben called out from the crowd. I gave him a thumb’s up and walked inside the gym. The room was small—as I expected. Workout gear and punching bags cluttered the walls and the outside of the ring. The ring itself was ragged with yellow rope around the perimeter, dark from use and had a series of blood stains. I stopped in my steps, closed my eyes, and took in a deep breath—I was at home. The aroma of hard work rushed to my head, and I could feel the animalistic ferocity yell within. I felt heavy with anticipation.
A long table of four judges, wearing the same as the old lady, sat outside the ring, and waited for me to enter the ring. I stepped under the ropes—but the monster within wanted me to start the fight now—I have to control myself. Take deep breaths. In the opposite corner, Justin continued to jump around and punch the air. A corner man went to Justin and started putting gloves on his hands—another did the same for me.
“You sure you can fight in those pants?” he asked as he put on the second glove. I didn’t answer, I just stared passed him—waiting for my chance to pounce on my prey. “Now that’s a game face,” he said and fitted me with a mouth piece. He took off my shirt and I turned to face my victim. He was ready—hopping around, gloves on, mouth piece in, and shirt off.
A heavy set man walked in the middle of the ring, and told us to come together. “This is boxing gentlemen—keep it clean. No rabbit punches, nothing below the belt, no kicks or knees. Anything illegal will get you disqualified. Three rounds at three minutes each. You can touch hands if you want, and may the best man win,” the man concluded and stepped back. I held my fist out to touch, but he took his out his mouth piece and spat on my glove. Smiling, he put his mouth piece back in and backed into his corner. I stayed in the middle and waited for the bell.
The loud ‘ding’ released the beast within my chest, and I felt light as air. Justin rushed in and reared back, with his right. Light on my feet, I hopped to the left—his punch missing by a foot and then some. I swung a quick and powerful haymaker of my own that crashed against his nose. He stumbled backwards and fell on his back—but he quickly got back to his feet. Blinded by fury, he continued with a frenzy of punches. Staying swift, I easily dodged each attack he launched.
I started to laugh when I noticed his already pathetic speed drastically declining. Every few punches he threw, I landed one of my own. Blood started dripping from his nose, and his eyes were halfway closed.
Somehow, he could muster enough energy to throw a combination of quick punches—it wouldn’t get him anywhere, but I was impressed. I landed a two-piece to his face, and he collapsed. Justin rolled around on the ground whimpering and groaning.
“1!” the referee called out. I started to walk around him as he struggled to get up. “2!” He finally got on his hands and knees. “3!” He started crawling toward me, and I squatted down where I stood. “4!”
“I admire your persistence, but it is only the first round,” I told him. “5!”  “Get up. I know you can. You’re just debating whether you want to or not.” “6!” “It’s not worth it—to go out, knowing you have it in you to get up.” “7!” “Don’t give up. Go down fighting.” “8!”
He sat up on his knees, and slowly got to his feet. He controlled his breathing and stared at me triumphantly.
“That’s it,” I tell him as he puts his hands back up. As much power I could put into one hand, I swung my right arm—aiming for his face. The aftermath of the final blow sent him to the ground. Three rings of the bell signaled the end of the match.
I turned Justin over, and his eyes started rolling in the back of his head. Taking my gloves off, I slap him on his check and he comes too. Staring at me with beaten eyes, I smile and give him a nod.
Two judges picked him up, and walked him toward the door. From the outside, the crowd roars with laughter when they see the broken man. He needs that—humiliation builds character.
“Would you like to wait…” My corner man started to say.
“Let’s get it over with,” I told him. Seconds later, Hunter walks through the doors, and into the ring. He stood, lazily in his corner, and watched my corner man put my gloves back on.
“He’s dangerous,” the corner man told me. “Lightening quick, and extremely powerful,” he added. I took a second glance at Hunter, and it was hard to believe what I was just told. Hunter’s body was saggy and sloppy—not exactly full of grace. But I’ll take his word for it.
He just stared at me—not preparing for the fight. The referee told us to meet in the middle. Standing in front of me, I realized how much taller he was than I am. “Final bout boys. Five rounds with three minutes each, but seeing you two fight—it might not even last one. You know the rules, touch gloves if you want, and back into your corners,” the referee said and stepped back.
I held my fist out, and Hunter took it with his bare hands. He took a slight bow, and continued to stare. He squinted and examined my face further.
I took out my mouth piece with my spare hand, “Something wrong?” I asked him.
His face was incomprehensible. It looked like he wanted to say something, but held back. I tried to pull my hand from his grip—he held it tightly.
He opened his mouth, then smiled, and slowly whispered, “Paul…Reed.”
My shocked expression confirmed his claim. His smile got bigger, “It’s an honor,” he said and gave me back my hand.
“How…?” I tried to ask, but I was at a loss for words.
“C’mon guys!” the referee called out.
“I’ll meet you outside,” he said and walked out of the ring. “I can’t fight this man,” he told the judges and left the gym.
The judges, the ref, and the corner men glared at me with suspicious eyes. The referee walked up to me, grabbed my arm, and put in the air.
“Winner by default,” he said. He turned me to face the judges, and the judge on the far right said, “You’ve been awarded…25 points.”
Quickly, I took off my gear and threw my shirt back on. I was oblivious to the cheers that greeted me when I exited the gym. I searched for Hunter, who was on the opposite side of the street—waiting for me. I started walking toward him when Spenser, Ebben, and Keith bombarded me—jumping and shouting with joy.
“Knockout king!” Spenser said throwing my hand in the air.
“Thanks guys,” I tell them with appreciation. “Go wait by the truck…I’ll be right back.”
They looked around with confusion and headed for the Humvee—still jumping with excitement. I walked over to Hunter, who had his arms crossed over his chest.
“I heard you and your brother talking last night when you walked passed my tent. I heard him call you ‘Paul’ and you call him ‘Gabriel.’ You only, just now, confirmed my suspicions,” he told me.
I was unconvinced, “There are a lot of people named Gabriel and Paul out there.”
“Most Paul’s and Gabriel’s don’t carry the air of authority like you two do,” he replied.
I answered with a nod and a smile, “You didn’t tell anybody, did you?”
“Your secret is safe with me, Patton,” he said. “But why the secrecy?”
“We can’t let The Army of Apocalypse know we are here. We have a plan, and that plan will be compromised if they know,” I explained.
“I will honor that. But do you realize if you reveal yourselves…an army of your own will be at your disposal.”
I could only stare back at him. “With that being said, I’ll see you tonight,” he said and started to walk off.
“Why didn’t you fight me?” I asked him.
He turned around to face me and said, “I would rather fight alongside my heroes—than against them.” He turned and walked away.
It was 7 o’clock and the tent was empty—besides Spenser, Ebben, Keith, and I. They kept asking me to give them details on the two fights—I just told them I threw punches and they went down. All the talk of boxing gave them the urge to box themselves. They danced around the tent with shirts wrapped around their fists—throwing playful punches at each other.
Toni, along with four members of the crew walked inside with their heads down.
“Didn’t go so well?” I asked.
“No,” she said flatly.
“What did you choose to do anyways?” I asked.
“Brick toss,” she said and I laughed. “Don’t laugh! I bet you couldn’t do it!” she exclaimed.
“She only broke two panes of glass,” said the black kid everyone called ‘Hondo.’
“Shut up! That glass wasn’t regular glass—it was super duty stuff,” she said defending herself.
“I noticed when you threw the brick and it bounced back—hitting you in the leg,” Hondo said. I couldn’t help but laugh. “She was so out of place too. All the other competitors looked like body builders,” he said.
“So, how did you do?” Toni asked me.
“Two first round knockouts,” Spenser said and the crew’s lost hope was restored. “And he got extra points for getting the highest score on the punching machine,” Keith added.
“25 points,” I told them. They looked at me as if I told them I cured cancer. “We were walking around, seeing what others got, and the highest amount we heard someone get was 20 points,” Toni said.
Alyse walked through the tent—with excitement in her step. She ran to our corner to lie down on top of me and give me a kiss on the forehead.
“Pass your test?” I guessed.
She shrugged, “I did alright—only got 10 points. They expected me to fill out the periodic table of elements! Last time I looked at that thing was a few years back.”
“Why so happy?” I asked.
“I finally got a hold of my parents. We are going to meet them at the announcements tonight!” she said and gave me a hug. “I’m guessing your boxing went well?” she said examining my face for bruises.
“25 points,” I told her.
“I knew you would get us plenty of points,” she said excited.
I gazed up at the ceiling, and Alyse asked, “What’s wrong?”
“The guy I was supposed to fight in the finals—he…” I started to say but realized everyone was staring at us. “I’ll tell you later,” I said.  I just stared back at the crew.
“Lucky bastard,” Ebben mumbled.
“Lucky? I thought you were gay Ebben…?” Chris said as he walked inside the tent.
“How’d it go, muscle head?” Ebben asked him.
“Only fifteen points man—there were some serious juicers.  But I still got third,” he told us.
“Paul got 25 points,” Toni told him.
“Nice!” he said and walked over to give me a fist pump. “I would give you a hug, or something, but it looks like you have a human leech on you already.” Alyse kicked him in the leg and he laughed.
“I’m kidding!”
I grabbed Alyse’s wrist and checked the time on her watch—“8:12,” I said. “Excuse me,” I told her and she rolled off my chest. I got to my feet, “Hey guys,” I started and they gave me full attention. “Why don’t you guys head down for the announcements, and we’ll meet you there—we’re going to wait for Gabriel.”
“Alright, we’ll save you and Gabriel a spot,” Chris said and the others started leaving the tent.
“What about me?” Alyse asked. “I figured you’d just sit in Paul’s lap or something,” he said and a stick flew from behind me—hitting him in the head. “Damn woman!” he yelled rubbing his head.
“Say something else!” she said with another stick in her hand. Chris ran out of the tent before Alyse could do anymore damage.
“It’s not funny! They think I’m some kind of freak,” she pouted. I walked over to her.
“You’re my little freak,” I said smiling. She sat up and grabbed the front of my shirt—tugging me to the ground on top of her. She wrapped her legs around me and started kissing my neck—but suddenly stopped.
“You kids,” said a muffled voice from behind me. I turned to see Gabriel limping toward us with his scarf still over his face. I tried to look for the source of his limp—blood through his khaki cargo pants, scuff marks, something.
“How’d you do?” I asked—Alyse and me getting to our feet. “Pretty good. My wounds weren’t as healed as I thought,” he said—taking off his vest and putting on a black shirt over his black tank top. He started limping out of the tent.
“How many points?”
“50,” he humbly said.
What the hell?!
The main tent was only a couple hundred of yards away. Loud celebrations could be heard echoing out from inside.
“He has a point,” Alyse said when I was done telling them both of Hunter Watson and his advice.
“Yeah, but I don’t know how it could work. Just go up to people and say, ‘Hi! I’m Paul Reed! Join me!’” I said in an obnoxious tone.
“Any way you say it, you will gain followers. I guarantee it,” Alyse said.
I looked at Gabriel, but he remained silent. He never has anything to say on the matter. The three of us walked up to the entrance of the massive tent. Two large metal poles were stuck in the ground on both sides of the entrance—they both had two pennant flags on the top blowing with the nighttime breeze.
Inside the tent were three rows of long tables and benches that sat facing a wooden stage at the forefront. To our immediate left, at the entrance, was a bar—they were serving beverages to the eager guests surrounding the area. The tables were full with the people who occupied the smaller tents throughout the area.
The rowdy atmosphere made it hard to hear.
“Do you see them?!” I called out to Alyse.
“No!” she replied back.
Gabriel started walking down the aisle in between the left and middle rows of tables. He just pointed—directly in the middle of the left row stood Chris waving his arms for us to see. We followed Gabriel to the empty spaces on the edge of the table. We sat down, facing the stage—Gabriel sat on the edge, Alyse next to Chris, and I took my spot next to Gabriel.
“There are so many people here!” Toni said—who sat in front of me. Keith, sitting on the edge, was staring at the bar.
“Thirsty?” Alyse asked him. He nodded his head.
“While you’re up there, you should grab me a pint…please,” She asked in a voice that you couldn’t refuse. Keith got up with a smile, and headed toward the bar. I looked down the table to notice most of the crew already had their share of brew—half full mugs sat scattered down the table in front of them.
“What time is it?” Gabriel asked. I turned to Alyse and she said, “8:53.”
Sitting on the edge of a table in the middle row, with his back to the stage, was Hunter. He, along with other members of his crew, sat staring at Gabriel and me.
I nudged Gabriel with my elbow.
“Hunter,” I said motioning my head toward the table. Gabriel just stared as they nodded and waved in our direction.
“I don’t think they’re the only ones who know,” Gabriel said examining the area. I did the same to see several sets of eyes staring in our directions.
“They could just be impressed with our performances today,” I suggested. Gabriel looked at me and shook his head.
“This is bad,” he said. “We need the cover if we plan to take out Pollick.”
Keith returned with four mugs in his hands. He slid one to Alyse, then one to Gabriel and me. We looked at the mugs then at Keith, confused.
“From the old creep at the bar,” he told us. We turned to look at the old man wearing blue jeans and a leather jacket with ‘Freedom Fighters’ emblazoned in yellow on his back standing at the bar. He turned to us, as he took a drink from a mug of his own—his thick mustache, that ran down under his chin, was dripping with beer. He held up his mug in the air, and we did the same.
We turned back to our table, and Alyse looked as us—concerned. I shrugged.
“Maybe he’s just a nice guy.” Her face lit up, and she got from her seat and ran to the far right of the room—several men staring as she passed them. At the front of the room, to the far right, stood her parents—waving and greeting her as she jumped on both of them.
The men continued to stare at her butt as she hugged her parents—which irritated me to no end. I got up from my seat and headed her way. I could hear Gabriel laughing as I passed him.
“Mr. Paul R…” Jack Hound started to say when I approached. Alyse elbowed his ribs and he corrected himself, “Patton, I see you’ve taken good care of my daughter. For that, I owe you.”
“Trouble seems to follow her, but I try my best,” I tell him. She comes to my side, leaning her body against mine and grabbing my hand.
“So it’s like that?” Anna said with exultance. Alyse just smiled. Jack, playfully, punched my shoulder and laughed.
“Are you competing?” I then asked him.
“We tried,” Anna scoffed.
“Yeah, but apparently we’re not that good,” Jack finished and glanced back at the disgruntled crew of St. Andrews. “Which is a shame—we’ve been here for the past several days or so, just waiting for these games to start.”
“Here comes Pollard,” a voice from behind me said—I turned to see an old man, standing at the entrance of the tent.
“Pollard?” I asked myself.
“He’s the mastermind behind these games,” Jack told me.
“Well then…got to go,” I told them. I shook both of their hands, “It’s good to see you again.”
“Likewise,” Jack said.
“I’m going to stay here with them, for now,” Alyse said and gave me a kiss on the cheek.
“Alright,” I said and turned to jog back to my table.
The old man made his way to the stage, and the ruckus quickly died. The only sound that remained was that of the several generators outside. He slowly stepped up the small set of stairs on the right side of the stage.
“Looks like he’s going to fall over and die,” Chris said.
The old man stopped in the middle of the stage—he wore the same blue jeans and white shirt as the other workers. He brought the microphone he held to his mouth.
“Test, test, test,” he croaked. His voice echoed throughout the crammed tent. He brought the clipboard he held in his other hand, to his face. He dropped it to his side.
“Good evening,” he said. “I would like to thank all of those who came out to participate—it was an event filled day that I was excited to host. For the most part, the competition was close—but there were a few teams who completely dominated the field.”
Once he said this, a couple of teams gave each other high fives.
“Obnoxious bastards,” Gabriel grunted.
“Let them have their fun,” I said patting his shoulder. “They deserve it.”
The old man continued, “Yes, yes—you know who you are. But let’s get on with the announcing of the winners and our finalists…” Two men, coming from the right set of stairs, brought a dry-erase board to center stage. The two men ran off the stage, to the left, and a young woman walked up from the right. The guys whistled and howled as she walked across the stage.
“Hey baby!” a bunch of the drunk men yelled.
“Ok, that was obnoxious,” I said and Gabriel shook his head.
Already drawn on the wide board was a tournament bracket. It started from the left—there were eight empty lines where the names of the factions went—and ended to the right, where the victor’s name went. The woman started filling out the bottom line, next to the number ‘8’, and we all read it once she finished: Army of Apocalypse. Grunts, moans, and an uneasy shifting occurred within the audience.
The old man talked through the set-up and the woman pointed it out as he went along—like some cheesy game show.
“The team with the most points will occupy the first slot,” the old man said and the woman pointed at the top slot—the slot that had a big ‘1’ next to it.
“I wonder if she figured out where to point all by herself,” Gabriel said.
“The team in second will compete against The Army,” he announced and the woman pointed to the second to last slot—the one with the big ‘2.’
“This is irritating,” Gabriel grunted.
“Calm down,” I tell him.
“Whoever is second is lucky—they get first shot against The Army,” I heard Toni tell Chris.
“Or unfortunate,” Chris says.
“The third place team will go against the first,” he said and the woman pointed to the slot under the first.
A man—of about thirty years of age—stood up in the front of the left row. “We know who fights who! Tell us who made it passed preliminaries so we can get wasted!” he yelled while holding up his beer. The crowd cheered with agreement.
“I would have to agree,” Gabriel said.
I looked over to Alyse, and the perverted men around her—she was deep in conversation with her mother. “Nobody is stopping you from walking over there,” Gabriel told me.
“I don’t want to intrude,” I told him—still staring.
“If someone tries something, I’ll go over there and bust some heads,” Chris said putting his hand against his fist. I laughed.
“If they do try something, I’ll be the first one over there.”
The old man with the microphone started announcing the teams who passed preliminaries once the riot slowed down. “The Army of Apocalypse has already taken eighth place by default. Seventh goes to Black Faction with fifty-two points.”
A group of black males stood up, screaming an incoherent chant while pumping their fists in the air.
“Sixth goes to Vicious, with fifty-five points,” he announced and a group of tattooed males, sitting in front of us, started banging their fists on the table.
“Convicts,” Chris whispered in my ear, but I wasn’t paying any attention—I was fixated on Alyse. She looked over, and I switched my gaze to the board—the woman was writing Vicious on the sixth place slot. I find it creepy when guys watch girls like I just was, but I couldn’t help myself.
“…Unique Mixture takes fifth with fifty-eight points.” The woman was writing down their name on the bracket when a group in the back, of the middle row, hollered and chanted for their victory.
“This is sounding like professional wrestling,” Gabriel commented on the names that were being announced.
“Wait until they call our name,” I told him and he let out a sigh.
“Fourth and third was a tie between Rocket Boys and Red Faction with seventy points,” the old man said. More cheering followed but I didn’t care to look—until Gabriel nudged me with his elbow, “Look who it is,” he said. On the far right, in the middle of the row, stood a bunch of twenty year old males wearing beanies and baggy clothes.
“Is that the rice rocket group?” I asked looking at the bunch jumping on the table-tops.
“Rocket Boys,” Gabriel muttered.
I scrutinized the exasperating bunch as they bellowed with laughter and cheers. I was recollecting the images, in my head, of Gabriel shooting out the tire on their Honda, and wondered if they still held ill contempt toward us—we’ll soon see.
“Second place…” the old man started and the crowd was instantly muted, “…goes to Freedom Fighters with eighty points.” Several tables behind us, the Freedom Fighters faction remind silent besides the clinking of each other’s beer mugs with one another. They chugged away as the populace of the tent stared and the woman at the board filled out the second-to-last slot.
“Damn,” Keith grumbled. “Looks like we didn’t make it.”
“Hold on Keith,” Chris said and turned to me. “How many points did your brother rack up?”
I glanced at Gabriel, who smiled and said, “Enough.”
Tension built amongst our table as they anxiously waited to hear the announcement of the leading team.
“Last and undeniably not least…” the old man said looking through his clipboard. “Is Omega Unit with one hundred points.”
Our table erupted as the crew of the Omega Unit jumped with elation. I couldn’t help but laugh with the excitement the others exerted. I turned to Gabriel who grinned at the announcement of our accomplishment. Chris paused and turned to Gabriel, “Fifty points?!” he exclaimed and jumped on his shoulders with a bear hug. Gabriel broke out in laughter—laughter I haven’t seen since we were kids.
A pair of arms wrapped around my neck, followed by a set of lips on my cheek.
“I’m so proud of all of you,” Alyse said. I looked over to her parents—they both smiled at the sight of our small triumph. I then focused on the crowd around us to see several people standing and clapping.
This feeling…I want it to last forever.
The old man tried cutting in a few times—to slow the celebration. When it died down he announced, “To the seven teams, report here tomorrow morning at nine.” His cleared his throat and his tone changed. “General Pollick will discuss with you the terms, conditions, and rules of the upcoming matches.” The tent broke out in chatter. Gabriel’s glee was gone—replaced by something dark in his eyes.
“We can’t show up tomorrow morning,” he said—I nodded in agreement.
“…Why not?” Alyse asked—settling down in the seat next to me.
“Pollick knows our faces,” I told her. “Why would Pollick take over as host like that?” I pondered out loud.
“These workers,” Gabriel said pointing at the group of white shirts who cluttered the front of the stage, “They have to be working with Pollick—it’s like they’re handing these factions over. Maybe some kind of sick deal…” Gabriel trailed off in thought. “This is totally fucked,” he added.
“In conclusion, I would like to congratulate the seven teams who passed preliminaries—and good luck. The road ahead will be difficult…not that it isn’t already,” the old man finished and he, along with the woman at the bracket, joined the rest of their group at the face of the stage.
Groups of people started getting from their seats—heading for the exit.
“Want to bug out?” I asked Alyse.
“My parent’s tent isn’t far from here, I was going to stop by and stay there for a bit,” she told me.
“Don’t leave yet!” Spenser cried out from further down the table.
“Yeah, let’s celebrate,” Chris said.
“Sorry guys,” Alyse said, “But I want to spend time with my family—they should be leaving soon.”
“You’ve got time for one beer,” Chris said and slid her mug across the table.
An elbow to my side turned me to Gabriel, “A friend of yours?” he asked looking up.
Behind Keith stood a man with a busted lip and a heavily bruised face. I hardly recognized Justin Flowers with his battered countenance. He stood there, in front of us, staring. Alyse slid closer to me and grabbed my arm, but I stood up with him. His left eye was half shut due to immense swelling and he wore a frown.
Seconds passed, then he outstretched his hand—a smile broke his frown. I shook his hand and he said, “Thank you.” He then turned around and walked back to his table at the front of our row.
“Intense,” Keith said.
“Who was that?” Alyse asked.
“Justin Flowers…he was my…” I started to say but the heel of a shotgun cracked against the corner of my forehead. The force of the impact sent me backwards off my seat and onto my back. I could feel the blood trickle down the side of my face as I slowly rolled onto my chest. My vision was distorted. I tried pushing myself to my feet, but a hand grabbed my hair and forced me up. My vision gradually came back, and I found myself staring down the barrel of the shotgun that just struck me.
“You owe me a new car,” said a voice and I turned to see who it was. The lead Rocket Boy stood behind Alyse, holding a pistol at his side. Everyone amongst the crew had their hands in the air—except Gabriel. He stood at the edge of the table in front of me with another Rocket Boy holding a pistol to the back of his head. The people within the tent stared in horror as we were one flick of a finger away from getting our heads blown off. Hunter Watson and Justin Flowers, along with their teams, held up guns of their own against a wall of Rocket Boys. Behind me, were the Freedom Fighters holding up Dirty Harry revolvers at another group of Rocket Boys.
Damn, there are a lot of them.
I was still squinting from the throbbing pain in my head—Gabriel glared at their leader with disgust.
“I was under the impression that all of us here were on the same side,” I groaned.
“Not until you get me a new car,” he said smugly.
“Not until you apologize for what you said to us,” I avowed.
He started laughing, and his group joined in, “Does it look like I’m going to apologize?” he retorted.
“Does it look like I’m getting you a new car?” I tell him flatly.
He throws an irritated look my way, and then eyeballs Gabriel. He walks up to Gabriel, pointing his pistol at his forehead, and says, “You thought it was pretty funny, didn’t you?—Shooting out my tire like a punk.” Gabriel doesn’t say a word—only glares with vicious eyes. I could imagine what is going through Gabriel’s mind right now.
“Say something!” he yelled at Gabriel.
“Let me shoot him John,” said a woman from behind me. I glanced back to see a woman holding the shotgun to my head.
“John,” Gabriel hissed. John, the assumed leader of the group, uses the pistol’s grip and pounds it into Gabriel’s forehead with a vicious downward thrust. Gabriel takes a step back, and grunts with the pain—blood starts running down his face.
“Stop it!” a voice calls out from behind me.
John turns to the voice, “Looks like you boys have some friends,” he fumed.
“We all stand behind the Reed brothers!” the same voice said—I turned to see the Freedom Fighter with the thick mustache.
John staggered backwards as the information bowled him over. “The…Reed brothers,” he muttered to himself. Then an evil smile spread across his face. The rest of John’s group dropped their guard at the news that rang through their ears. This was my chance…
“I’ve wanted to meet you two for so long,” John said. “But not to shake your hands—no, no, no. I never thought you deserved the fame and appreciation everybody gives you. The Reed brothers are only good at running away and hiding in the shadows—in my opinion, you two are pathetic…”
“How dare you!” Alyse blurted from her seat at the table. John turned and examined her.
“I remember you,” he said slyly. He walked over to Alyse’s side and put his hand on her shoulder. She shrugged it off, and he back handed the side of her face. An impulse lurched forward, but I quickly collapsed to a knee when the butt of the shotgun smashed against my right ear.
“Don’t fight!” John yelled in Alyse’s ear as she was still recovering from the slap. In my peripheral, I saw Chris take a few steps toward them. One of the Rocket Boys ran in front of him, cutting off his path, and pressed a pistol against his cheek.
“Where do you think you’re going?” he bossed.
John took the barrel of his pistol and put it against Alyse’s collar bone, and slowly slid it down her shirt. I leapt to my feet, but the roadblock of a shotgun stopped me again.
“You’re going to watch her like this,” she hissed in my throbbing ear.
The barrel of John’s gun was under her shirt, “You like th…” he started to say, but Alyse jammed her elbow in his stomach. The air could be heard escaping John’s lungs as he doubled over in pain. I smiled to myself, but the satisfaction soon faded.
John stood up, aimed the pistol at Alyse, and fired—twice.
The bullets ripped through her right shoulder and right thigh—the beast took over.
Using my elbow, I swung it behind me, and nailed the woman in the nose. I ripped the shotgun from her grip and turned toward Alyse. I could see various skirmishes around me, but everything was a blur—I was focused on one thing.
Alyse fell off the bench and onto the ground by the time I advanced for her limp body. John directed his pistol to my face. Without thinking of what he could do to me, I smacked him across the face with the butt of the gun. He stumbled sideways and collapsed to the ground. I looked at Chris, who had a Rocket Boy on the ground with his foot on the enemy’s back, and I tossed him the shotgun.
I knelt next to Alyse, and positioned her flat on her back. Her eyes were fading in and out.
“Stay with me!” I cried. I took my shirt off and ripped it in two, “C’mon Alyse!  Stay with me!” I kept repeating. I started wrapping her thigh with my shirt when I looked up at Gabriel. He was holding a handgun, and there were two Rocket Boys, twitching, at his feet. To my right was an advancing Rocket Boy, but was intercepted by Gabriel. He immobilized the Rocket Boy by kicking the inside of his left leg as he stepped forward—the leg crunched into a sideways ‘V.’
Alyse screamed as I tightened the shirt around her leg. I took the other half of my bloodied shirt and pressed it against the bullet hole in her shoulder.
“It hurts,” she whimpered with shut eyes, “Paul, I can’t feel my body.”
“It will pass,” I said in a poor attempt to reassure her.
A body crashed against the table in front of me. I glanced up to see John, with his back against the edge of the table, and Gabriel in front of him—holding a pistol to his face.
Pale, cold, and shaky fingers grabbed my face. I looked back down to Alyse.
“You’ll feel better soon,” was all I could say. She smiled at me.
“I believe you,” she said and her hand fell from my face—her eyes closed.
I tried holding the shirt to her shoulder, but I couldn’t stop shaking. Something inside made me angry, made me vicious—made me blind.
Toni stood next to me. I grabbed her wrist and forced her hand against Alyse’s shoulder. I got to my feet.
“Shoot me!” John said as Gabriel was pressing his finger against the trigger. I stood in front of Gabriel and landed a bone-shattering punch to John’s nose. He fell back against the edge of the table. I took Gabriel’s pistol from his hand, and stepped up on the table’s bench.
I pressed the pistol against John’s closed lips until blood started trickling down the side of his cheek.
“Open your mouth,” I growled. I saw his eyes widen as he looked into mine.
“OPEN YOUR MOUTH!”
Reluctantly, he opened his mouth. My arm was shaking severely—I jammed the barrel down his throat until he started gagging. He grabbed my wrist with his hands, and tried to push me off. I used my other hand and forced down with my body. His eyes started tearing up, and vomit oozed from his mouth. My finger slowly pushed against the trigger.
I want to kill him.
I want to pull the trigger.
I want to show him evil.
I want to kill him…but I can’t.
I eased off the trigger, and stood up. John rolled over and vomited tremendous amounts of brown liquid. He gasped for air as I hopped off the bench.
I grabbed him by his shirt and pulled him toward me. “If I see you again…you’re a dead man,” I whispered and threw him to the ground. He, along with his group, ran from the tent.
I went to Alyse, lifting the broken body in my arms, and carried her through the gazing crowd.
25. Hope vs. Anger
Alyse rolled over and puked into the large white bucket the Freedom Fighters brought for her—they also brought a twin-sized mattress for her lay on as she healed.
Ron, the leader of Freedom Fighters, came bearing the gifts this morning before the finalists had to meet with Pollick. Chris and the crew left with the Freedom Fighters to the meeting about an hour ago now. Gabriel, nor I, thought it wise for us to go. Alyse was forced to stay—parents’ orders. They stop by periodically to check in, but they have quite the journey between our two tents. I suggested they move closer—but they didn’t seem too enthused on the idea.
“Bet you find that attractive,” Alyse mumbled—embarrassed.
“Oh yeah,” I said trying not to vomit myself as I grabbed the bucket and walked outside. I dumped the regurgitation by the same tree—about twenty feet from the front of the tent—and walked back inside.
Gabriel still lay on his back, with his eyes shut and his hands behind his head, in the middle of the tent.
“That bucket had some of the beef you had this morning,” I chuckled.
“Ugh, stop it!” she cried. “It’s bad enough that you have to clean up after me, but making jokes? Have mercy.”
“Alright,” I agreed. “Now, what was it you asked before you…you know,” I said—trying not to touch the subject of her stomach virus.
“Which one of your favorite actors do you believe is still alive?” Alyse repeated for me.
“That’s a tough one,” I said.
Gabriel answered, “None of them. Movies are a thing of the past. For that matter, so are books, music, sports, and all of our favorite pastimes. If life is ever restores—years down the road—kids in class will wonder why we decorated trees in our living room for the 25th of December. They will question our sanity when they hear we worshiped a sport where the men threw around pigskin. They’ll call us idiotic when they find out people watched programs of other people living their fake lives—while we called it reality. History can only tell…I just hope our history won’t become history.”
“You’re such a buzz kill,” I groaned.
I paused and pondered—what will history tell of us? Will it call us foolish? Incompetent? Unfortunate? What will happen to religion? No churches, priests, or rabbis to administer the teachings of their religion. Will our favorite music be forgotten? The Super Bowl, the Olympics, Harry Potter, Mickey Mouse—will they be gone forever?
Alyse, grabbing the bucket, rolled to her side and threw up.
“You must have eaten something bad,” I mused.
“I didn’t eat anything that you didn’t…” Alyse mumbled, almost to herself.
“I don’t think it’s a stomach virus—and I don’t think you think that either, Alyse,” Gabriel said.
She lied there…rubbing her belly.
Chris walked through the tent.
“That was intense,” he said and sat in the corner—opposite of us. “Apocalypse soldiers were everywhere,” he emphasized. The rest of the group filed in after Chris, and resumed to their regular spots.
“Yeah. I thought for sure that they were going to kill us,” Spenser admitted.
“You’re just chicken shit,” Toni beseeched. She lay down and said, “I’m beat.”
“We have to get some rest since we’re competing tonight,” Chris announced.
“What?” Both Gabriel and I demanded.
“We are competing against the Rocket Boys—team three—tonight. It will be the first fight. The second fight will take place tomorrow, and the next one will be the next day—so on and so forth,” Chris replied.
I sat up, facing him, and asked, “Why don’t you just tell us everything you heard at this meeting.”
Chris proceeded to explain. “Well, when we got there, they had us sitting up front in the middle row and every other table was filled with soldiers.”
“It was intimidating,” Toni blurted.
Chris continued, “They rolled out a giant television—like thirty minutes later—and Pollick’s ugly mug was on it once they turned it on.”
“It was a recording,” Toni added.
Chris nodded in agreement, “He told us who was competing in which order: first, second, third, and all that. Then he told us five members of each competing team was to meet there—at the tent—at 8 o’clock on their days of competition. They will drive us to our location, which has already been chosen, and they’ll set us up from there.”
“Pollick said each game will have its own set of rules and twists…” Spenser added. “And there were massive television sets set-up throughout the tent—we figured they would film us during the battle and everybody could come out to watch.”
“Invisible spectators,” I mumbled under my breath.
“It’s already noon,” Alyse told us looking at her watch.
Gabriel jumped in, “What about weapons?”
“They’ll be issued to us, according to the game and its rules,” Chris said.
Gabriel didn’t seem to like that.
“So, which five of us are going?” I asked the group.
“You mean, which three of us are going?” Chris scoffed. “We already know you and Gabriel are going.”
“Then who else?” I asked him.
Gabriel looked amongst his group. They were all hesitant in volunteering.
“I’ll join you,” Chris finally said.
Spenser was nodding. “Me too,” he said with enthusiasm.
“Make that three,” Keith said.
“We have a team,” I announced. “We should rest up before game time,” I told them and the three of them fell into their normal sleeping spots.
I assumed my position next to Alyse and her mattress. “I’m sorry you won’t be out there with us,” I told her halfheartedly. I’m ecstatic she’s not going to be on the battlefield. I imagine myself turning into Gabriel if anything happened to her.
She rolled over to face me, “I don’t want to be out there,” she admitted while rubbing her belly.
“The stomach virus,” I nodded. She just looked down—not giving me an answer.
“Don’t kill anybody…please,” she pleaded. I examined her face, unsure of what to read of her expression.
“You know I can’t promise you that,” I told her.
She smiled and said, “I know.” She reached over and kissed my forehead.
“Ugh, vomit breath,” I joked. She giggled as she slapped my arm.
Her soft hand rested against my face, and she closed her eyes. I plopped down next to her and did the same.
A restless figure woke me. I looked up to see Gabriel strapping on holsters and straps to his black pants. He started looking for a shirt when I sat up to see the darkness of the night creeping through the tent.
“Get ready,” he said, still looking for a shirt. I looked up to see the collection of scars on his arms and torso—including a large scar in the shape of an ‘X’ on his chest. I am always in awe at the sight of his battle scars.
I changed into khaki cargo pants, and Gabriel threw me a grey short sleeve shirt. He slipped on a black long sleeve and a thick black tactical vest.
“Any boots?” I asked him.
“Just wear those,” he said pointing at my white Chuck Taylor’s. I looked down to his to see he’s wearing the black pair.
“Going out in style,” I mused.
Gabriel tossed me a brown duffle bag full of gear. I put on a black vest of my own, and an olive drab ball cap. Gabriel grabbed his bolo blade from his spot in the corner of the tent and slid it beneath his vest against his back. He then put his desert scarf around his neck—covering the handle of the blade. He looked at me and said, “Don’t leave home without one.”
The rest of the tent became restless as the Omega Unit started sitting up. Chris, Spenser, and Keith all stood up and started dressing to their liking.
I looked down to the woman tugging on my pant leg. I knelt by her head and took her hand.
“Go get ‘em,” she said and I nodded in reply. Chatter and commotion brought my attention to outside the tent. I could see several pairs of legs at the bottom of the tent’s entrance opening. Gabriel motioned me to follow, and we walked out of the tent. Hundreds of people stared back at us in silence. I could only stand, speechless, as the crowd gazed with amazement. Among them, I saw the Freedom Fighters and Black Faction.
I raised my hand for a pathetic wave, and they all erupted with praise. They surrounded us, grabbing at our clothes, shaking our hands, patting our backs, and all talking and hailing at the same time—total gratification. I laughed at the surreal sensation. I looked for Gabriel, but he was submerged in the swarm.
“Let them breath!” a deep voice called out to the crowd.
A small circle was formed around us, and Gabriel came into sight. A yellow Labrador retriever stood at his side licking his fingers. He sat down next to the dog, rubbing her chest and back—laughing as the playful animal licked his chin. I turned my gaze downward to see a toddler poking my leg. She took a few steps back when I reached out for her. I smiled, and then she answered with a smile of her own. She grabbed my fingers with her tiny hands.
“We came here to wish you luck,” Ron said as he stepped from the crowd. “It’s not like you need it though, right?” he announced and the crowd laughed. “Unless you boys decide to fight each other…I’m sure then you’ll have a decent fight on your hands,” he added.
“We’ll go out there and do our best,” I said as the toddler started hanging from my hand.
“Let us hope your best is as good as we think it is,” said a black man from the crowd. He walked up, his hand extended, and I took it in a firm handshake. “Terrance,” he told us and shook Gabriel’s hand. “I have been wishing to fight you two. Not for the reasons the Rocket Boys want to,” Terrance said and looked at Gabriel—smiling. “Call it a…warrior’s code.”
The rest of our crew came out of the tent.
“What the-?!” I heard Toni say. Everybody turned to them. Chris, Spenser, and Keith stood at the front—dressed for battle—with dumbfounded looks on their faces. Alyse had her arm around Toni—helping support her weight. She looked at me with the toddler and smiled big.
“This is your crew?” Terrance implored. I just nodded. “But they’re kids!” he declared in a hiss.
“We can hold our own!” Chris argued from behind us and the rest of them shouted in agreement. He scoffed, “Pupils?” Gabriel and I just shrugged.
“We have no one else,” I confessed. He looked back at us, shocked.
“Take me!” someone cried out—and Hunter Watson stepped forward from the crowd. “And me!” said another and Justin Flowers walked up. Again, the crowd erupted. ‘Take us!’ they screamed, ‘We’ll fight with you!’
Gabriel stood up, and the crowd’s noise diminished. “We have dealt with enough death in the past. I don’t want yours piled onto my conscience,” Gabriel stated.
Everyone looked down in disappointment.
“We want to fight at your side! If that means dying, then we will die fighting at your side!” Hunter shouted and the crowd cried in approval.
“You don’t know what you’re saying,” Gabriel said. Hunter gawped in frustration.
The little girl hugged my leg when I set her back on her feet.
“We would be honored…” I started—looking down at the girl. “If you were to stand at our side,” I finished and everybody shuffled in agreement. I glanced back to Alyse and she stared back with admiration. Gabriel glared with tired eyes.
“It’s time to go,” he said.
The little girl tugged at my pants, and I knelt beside her. “I hope you win,” she struggled to say.
I smiled and asked, “What’s your name?”
“I don’t know,” she said frowning. I frowned, and she turned up the corners of my mouth into a smile with her fragile fingers.
“What name do you like?” I asked her. She deliberated, then straightened up, smiled.
“Hope. It’s my friend’s name.” I grinned, and she threw her arms around my neck.
The walk to the meeting point was silent. Chris, Spenser, and Keith walked behind Gabriel and I—the crowd trailed behind the five of us. I glanced back several times to see the three of them looking as if they were going to be sick. They won’t last with this attitude. I have to keep an eye on them.
We reached our destination within twenty minutes—the silence made it seem longer. There was a white van, with no side windows, parked next to the entrance of the North tent. Inside the tent were several white shirted workers waiting by the last table of the middle row. The crowd didn’t follow as the five of us walked into the tent. Weapons were laid out on the table. A blonde woman—about thirty years of age—spoke with a southern accent.
“You’re allowed one primary weapon—with any attachments of your choosing, two side-arms, and two grenades.”
Gabriel and I proceeded to the table, and the other three did the same. Assault rifles, sub-machine guns, machine guns, and sniper rifles were spread across the left side of the table top. A group of small handguns sat in the middle—I felt that I should know the names of these guns, but they all look the same to me. On the far right of the table were various grenades and weapon attachments.
“What’re the conditions of the battlefield?” Gabriel asked the group of white shirts. “Close-quarters, open field, what?” he added when they just stared at him. An old man, to the left of the woman, whispered something in her ear and she said, “Close-quarters.”
Gabriel moved to the sub-machine guns and picked up an odd looking weapon.
“What is that?” I asked him.
“Kriss,” he replied.
“It’s so…bulky,” I said examining the weapon.
“It gets the job done.”
I dressed my M4 and grabbed my other weapons—getting two smoke grenades. Next to me was Spenser—trying to fit a magazine into his pistol. He struggled due to his shaking hands. I put my hand on gun so he would stop.
“Relax. We’ll watch over you,” I told him and let go. He slipped the magazine into the gun.
Gabriel observed, “That, and you have on Dragon Skin.” Spenser looked confused as he looked down at his black shoes and pants.
“What?” he asked Gabriel.
“Dragon Skin,” he repeated and poked Spenser’s body armor with his bulky gun. “You can get hit with a shotgun at point blank and all you’ll need to worry about is catching your breath.” Spenser lightened up at this revelation.
“We’re indestructible,” Spenser joked and I realized the three of them wore the same clothing—including the advance body armor. Gabriel pointed a pistol at Spenser’s forehead.
“It won’t do a damn thing if you’re shot here,” he said.
Spenser went back to his precarious state.
“Nice,” I grumbled.
“It’ll keep him awake,” Gabriel said and walked out of the tent—I followed him and we stopped next to the van. Keith walked out with an M60 machine gun.
“Overkill?” I asked rhetorically. He just shrugged.
“I feel safer.”
Chris walked out with a shotgun in his hands. “I’m gonna blow someone’s face off,” he said jokingly. The blonde woman was standing behind Chris when he said this asked, “How old are you?” with contempt.
Gabriel walked up to her, getting inches from her face. “Is there an age limit?” he asked calmly.
“Well no, I was just…” she bumbled.
“Then why does it fucking matter how old he is?” he snapped—cutting her off mid-sentence. She took a few steps back and turned from his glare—walking back into the tent. Another worker, a young man, walked out to take her place.
“Easy. It’s just a game,” I told Gabriel.
“Not to them Paul, not to them. Don’t you find it odd that they hold ‘games’ that could potentially kill us all?”
I had forgotten who our opponents are. I wonder if they’ll look at this as a game…or as revenge. My gut is telling me the Rocket Boys are after the latter.
“Uh, ok,” the young man started saying—fiddling with a pile of black cloth in his arms. “Well…your opponents are already at the site. You just need to put these on…” he said and handed out pieces of the black cloth he held.
“Masks?” Gabriel grumbled.
“It’s the rules…sir,” the worker said.
We all slipped the black masks over our heads, and the worker guided us into the van. There was small benches set-up along the interior’s perimeter. Two people were seating at both of my sides. Neither of which was Gabriel, for both people were shaking severely. The van started, and we began our bumpy trip through Hill Country and to our unknown destination. The person to my right was mumbling something to himself—I quickly caught onto the prayer he was saying and figured it was Spenser.
“You’ll have to watch over yourself too. He can’t do it all,” I whispered to Spenser. He stopped for a moment, then resumed in his supplication.
Not even ten minutes into the ride—still on the dirt trail—and I’m already irritated by the blindness of the mask. I took it off, throwing it to the floor, and breathed in the air of the metal van. The cab of the van was blocked by an aluminum wall—I couldn’t examine the area through the windshield.
Minutes later, we finally hit smooth road, and Gabriel took off his mask. He examined the area then met my gaze. I smiled, but he glared back with intense eyes.
“I don’t like being blind,” he told me. The other three looked around—as if they can see—when Gabriel spoke.
“Me neither,” I said. “So where do you think we’re going?”
“Hell,” he said smiling.
“You know what I mean,” I said shaking my head. Hesitantly, Chris brings his hand to his mask and slowly takes it off.
“Yeah, I know what you mean. But I don’t know,” he said—still staring.
“You’re not going to kill them, are you?” I asked. Pointless really—his eyes answer for me. He remains silent.
“Like I said before…it’s just a game. A friendly competition,” I pushed. Keith and Spenser slowly take off their masks.
“Tell them that,” he says and puts the mask back over his head.
“Just be careful Gabriel.”
“Forever and always,” he said.
The van finally stopped. Spenser’s breathing got heavier.
“I think I’m going to be sick,” he said holding his stomach.
“You’ll loosen up once we get going,” I tell him and the van comes to a stop. The back doors swung open and two men stood outside—glaring at our faces.
“Put your masks back on!” one of them snapped. Once we did, they guided us out of the van and into open air.
“Grab the shoulder of the person in front of you,” one of the workers said. I grabbed a trembling shoulder. Nobody grabbed mine—I must be last. The cold breeze stung my bare arms as we walked—oblivious to where we were headed. I heard a door open, and we walked inside—the door closing and locking behind us.
I tore the mask from my head, and the smell of old wood and stale air filled my lungs. The rest of the group took off their masks, and examined the area. The once elegant room was converted to complete desolation. The area is covered in dust and grime. The white walls and extravagant tiled floors were stained with some multi-colored solution. Chunks of the roof—what looked like black wood and white tile lay spread out, collapsed, across the area.
I know this place…
Blocking us from the next room was a newly constructed thin metal wall that sat in the rotting archway in front of us. In the middle was a door.
“Over here guys,” Chris called out and walked to the corner of the room. To the right of the metal barricade was a television set sitting on a wooden stand—a DVD was taped to the front of the T.V.  Chris took the DVD and put it in the player that sat on the television set. We all waited as Chris turned the T.V. on. Gabriel was still standing in the middle of the room with his head hanging—utter sorrow shadowing his face.
“Gabriel?” I called out to him, but he was motionless. He was wobbly in his stance, and pale in his face. I took a few steps toward him, expecting him to collapse. I looked back when Matthew Pollick’s voice rang through the television…
“Good evening. And welcome to the Driskill Hotel,” he sneered. My heart stopped and my stomach dropped as he said the name—Driskill Hotel. I snapped my head toward Gabriel who remained in his state of misery.
“At least one of you knows the area, so it shouldn’t be too hard to complete the objective.” The crew looked around in confusion as Pollick spoke. “There is a capsule located somewhere in the hotel. The capsule contains a biological pathogen that will prove fatal if it detonates. Your goal is to obtain the capsule and take it to the safe on the fourth floor before it detonates. Your opponents are geared to immunity if the capsule is to detonate—their objective is to stop you at all costs…”
“Jesus! So much for games!” Chris exclaimed.
“At 9:05, the door in front of you will unlock. You have half an hour after the door opens to locate and dispose of the weapon. Good luck…And soldier…” Gabriel looked up at the T.V., “Happy hunting,” Pollick said with a smile, and the T.V. went blank.
“Biological weapons! Keith cried, petrified of the mission ahead of us.
“It’s 9:03,” Chris announced. “We have to form a strategy…I suggest we split up.”
“NO!” Spenser disagreed. “I can’t…I can’t go out there by myself.”
“It’ll be the fastest way!” Chris argued. “Paul…Gabriel…what should we do?”
I ignored Chris and the others in their quarrel. I stood by Gabriel’s side—hoping he’s still here with us. The last time he was here, at the Driskill Hotel, he was planning his wedding.
“Gabriel,” I whispered. “You ok?”
He looked up, “I’m fine,” he said.
The door clicked open, and the others panicked. “What’re we going to do?!” Spenser squawked.
“Let’s move,” Gabriel announced and moved toward the door.
“You want to just wing it?” Keith asked incredulously.
“Search the floors quickly. Find the Rocket Boys, and that’ll be where the capsule is hidden,” I told them. “Their objective is to stop us—they’ll be guarding it,” I added and the three of them nodded in agreement.
Chris moved forward and put his hand on the door’s knob, “AHHH!” he howled—snatching his hand off the knob. “Sonuvabitch, that’s hot!” he yelled. The skin of his palm was blistered from where he touched the knob. I stepped forward and kicked open the doors. A fiery abyss exploded in our faces—nothing was visible. Down the long hall we faced, pieces of the bruised fixtures and chucks of the ceiling collapsed to the ground.
“Just to your right, down the hall, is a flight of stairs—take them,” Gabriel told me.
I nodded, and turned to the three frightened figures behind me. “Follow me,” I told them and jumped into hell. I held my breath as I sprinted through the fire. About thirty feet down the hall I turned up the flight of stairs positioned to my right. Chris followed close behind me—Keith and Spenser behind him. No sign of Gabriel.
I walked up the next flight of steps, running perpendicular to the first set, to examine the next floor—luckily there was no fire. Seconds later, Gabriel jogged around the corner and up the steps—his eyes focused on the ground. I feel for his grief—but his mood is making me irritated.
I ran down the steps to Gabriel. Grabbing him by the collar of his vest, I pushed him against the railing. “Focus. I need you now,” I growled. He stared back.
“I’m sorry,” he said and I let him go. He pulled his scarf over his face and held his gun at-the-ready.
We ran up the steps, and down the second floor hall. Finding our opponent was first on the list. The five of us kicked down doors, screamed orders to each other, and fired blindly in rooms—trying to draw them out by creating as much clamor as possible. Luckily, the rooms were relatively small. Searching the second floor was a breeze, but unfortunately there was no sign of the Rocket Boys or of the capsule.
“We’re moving to the next floor,” I said with haste. The whole second floor wasn’t fully checked, but the Rocket Boys would have shown themselves by now.
Spenser led the way up to the third floor. He checked left, then right. When he turned right, a loud gunshot echoed from down the hall. Spenser fell backward with the gunshot. Gabriel pulled out a smoke grenade from my pocket, pulled the pin, and tossed it down the hall. Using the smokescreen as cover, I kicked down the nearest door and drug Spenser by his vest into the room. I knelt beside him—speechless. A small caliber bullet shot straight through his neck. He choked, twitched, bled, and I was frozen—watching the life leave his eyes.
He took my hand into his and squeezed. Tears poured from his eyes as he mouthed, “Don’t stop.” His body went limp. We all stood watching the lifeless body. Chris and Keith both had silent tears running down their faces.
I stood up and Gabriel asked, “Still a game?”
I threw my M4 rifle at Keith’s feet and grabbed his M60 machine gun. “Take his body,” I told Chris.
“Planned on it,” he replied wiping the tears from his eyes.
I started through the door, but Gabriel grabbed my shoulder and stopped me. He took the other smoke grenade from my left leg pocket and threw it down the hall. Seconds later, and taking both of his fragmentation grenades, he rolled one down the hall and threw the second one further. He held his arm in front of me until the first grenade exploded. Screams followed the explosion.
He let me go, and I started down the hall firing the massive gun mindlessly through the smoke. Gabriel and Keith followed close behind on opposite sides. On the other side of the smoke were two bodies, rolling on the ground, moaning in pain. The grenades did serious damage to the hotel’s interior. We approached one of the holes in the wall that the grenade created—blue light emanated from the dark room on the other side. I looked inside the hole to see a third downed Rocket Boy and a bright blue capsule lying on the bed. The Rocket Boy reached for his weapon several feet away, but Gabriel fired two rounds into his reaching arm.
I climbed through the hole and kicked away his weapon.
The bed was inset within the left wall, and the two foot long tube sat on the dusty pillows. Carefully, I lifted the capsule in my hands. It was metal with a glass shield where the blue light shown through. I walked it over to Keith. “Hold this,” I told him. He was reluctant, but took it.
“To the fourth floor,” I told Gabriel and Keith.
As we made our way up, I saw Chris carrying Spenser’s body back down to the second floor.
“Over here pigs!” John called out when we reached the next floor. To our left was a Rocket Boy poking out from a doorway. He let out a rain of fire upon us that forced us back onto the stairs. Using the scope on the M4 while on the stairs, Keith shot out the shooter’s leg. I proceeded down the hall—Gabriel watched my back as he walked backwards behind me. I dropped the M60 next to the downed Rocket Boy. I reached for the fragmentation grenade attached to his vest. He grabbed my wrist—trying to stop me. I dropped my knee on his face and he let go with the pain.
Gabriel and I stepped into the room and peeked around the corner—waiting for John to show himself. He slowly peered out from the last doorway on the left side of the hall. I pulled the pin on the grenade and rolled it in his direction—it stopped just before his hiding spot. Right before the explosion, John leaped to across the hall and into another room. The blast shook the floor from under our feet. I pulled out my pistol from the holster of my right leg. I raced down the hall to catch John before he could recover. I caught him scrambling, on his hands and knees, for his gun in front of him. I quickly pounced on him—putting my hand on the back of his head forcing him to the ground.
“Where’s Gabriel?” he asked.
“Shut up,” I said and looked up to see a large metal box with a biohazard symbol. “In here Keith!” I called out. Keith walked in, seconds later, holding the capsule. He opened the heavy door, and set the capsule inside.
“Game over,” I told John and let him go. He got to his feet and ran out of the room. I walked out to see him open a door in front of Gabriel, and run down the hall—up a flight of maintenance steps which I assume leads to the roof.
“Where the hell is he going?” I asked Gabriel.
He stood staring in the room that John just opened for him.
“Gabriel?”
He dropped his gun, and pulled the scarf down to reveal a face of melancholy.
“Gabriel?” I asked again.
He stepped inside the room. I walked to the doorway, and saw the cause of his effect. A T.V. sat on the bed with a DVD player next to it. On the T.V. was an old home video. A stunning young woman, in a red and white dress, was dancing by herself under a starry night in an empty parking lot.
“You’re too beautiful, you know that?” a voice said from behind the camera. She smiled—a gorgeous smile.
Gabriel broke down in sobs and collapsed against the wall—tears running down his face.
“Come here,” the voice said and the camera was set down on the back of a car. The young Gabriel, in a white tuxedo, ran in front of the camera. She fell into his arms and they started dancing under the moonlight.
Gabriel’s weeping became severe as we watched the young couple dance. I was frozen with the sadness I felt for him. This is what has been eating him. This is why he is who he is. It was something near paranormal…watching my old brother, filled with joy, dancing with his love while also watching my new brother collapse with agony. And much like the paranormal, I don’t know how to help him.
The couple stopped and held each other. “Will you stay with me?” she asked in a whisper.
“Forever and always,” he said.
Gabriel covered his eyes with his palms as he continued to shed tears. He banged his head against the wall a force that sent fissures through my body.
I didn’t know what to say. What do you say in this situation? ‘It’s ok?’ ‘You’ll be alright?’ ‘Hang in there champ?’ It’s garbage like that that will set him off.
He stopped, and got to his feet.
“Gabriel?” I ask in a whisper—my voice is frozen too.
Without saying a word, he pulls the blade out from his vest and storms down the hall toward the maintenance steps.
“Gabriel…it’s over. There is no need for this,” I pleaded, trying to keep up with him. “Pollick is just trying to get in your head.” He says nothing.
“Gabriel…” I say and grab his left shoulder. With alacrity, he turns around and slams my head into the wall. All I see is him staring at me, as I slip into oblivion.
“Paul…Paul…Paul,” someone says while shaking me. I come round to see Keith staring at me with anxious eyes. I realize where I am, and jump to my feet. Keith grabs me as I stumble around.
“How long have I been out?” I ask trying to think past my splitting headache.
“A couple minutes at most…Where…”
That’s too long. “Go down and meet up with Chris,” I demanded while trying to run down the hall.
“But we won…”
“Do it!” I yell at him. He takes off down the stairs, and I go up to the roof. My legs are weak as I run up the metal steps, but I push through it. There’s so much damage Gabriel could have done in a matter of minutes…to John and to himself.
I open the door to see a full moon beaming down at me. I observed the area to try and find a sign of Gabriel or John. The awkward roof structure made it difficult to see—it was like they placed random pyramids throughout the roof.
A scream tears my attention to behind me. I run up, and then down the roof shape as fast as I can. I reach the edge of the roof to see Gabriel and John on the adjacent building. John, facing me, was on the farthest corner of the roof. Gabriel stood in front of him—his back to me. John was on his back holding his arm up to Gabriel—crying. I look closer to see John has severe lacerations all across his body—and was missing an arm.
“Please! He asked me to do it! Please!” John pleaded—still sliding backwards, but ran out of roof. Gabriel advanced as John got to his knees.
“GABRIEL!” I bellowed, but he doesn’t budge. I take a few steps back and hop over the threshold.
“Gabriel! Don’t do this!” I yell, but he connects a powerful push-kick to John’s face.
“NOOOO!” I screamed as John is launched off the roof. The faint thud tells me when John lands.
Silence ensued.
“Gabriel! What have you done?!” I cried, but it was useless. He stood, staring at the sky, with his back facing me.
“Look at me,” I snarled, but nothing.
“LOOK AT ME!” I repeated in a roar. He slowly turned to only show his crazed, yet tortured, eyes with his scarf covering his face.
“Is this what you want Gabriel?! Just kill everybody?!” I raved.
“You’re right…” he scoffed. “I’m no better than the scum I fight. But this is what I want.”
Again, I was speechless. I turned, disgusted with him, and walked away.
“Kill me,” Gabriel said.
“What?” I asked turning around.
“I want you to kill me,” he murmured. “I can’t take this Paul…I just can’t.”
This isn’t my brother speaking.
Without giving me time to think, he charges. He rammed his shoulder into my chest—almost pushing me off the roof. I regain composure, and put up a stance against his. I have my hands on his shoulders and his on mine, as we leaned into each other — using the utmost strength I could muster. Our feet pushed and slid out from under us, but we remained stationary. We leaned further forward until the tops of our foreheads clashed.
“C’mon Paul, rid this world of evil…kill me,” he grunted.
“I’m not going to kill you…you deranged bastard,” I grunted back.
“Then why are you fighting back?!” he said in a rage. He pulled his head back and slammed his forehead against mine. He pulled back again, and so did I. We bashed our heads together several times, and I could feel the warm liquid stream down my face.
“I just want my brother back,” I said and he pulled my shoulders down—meeting my face with his knee. I stumbled backwards after his knee crunched against my nose. He advanced and threw his entire body into a power punch that landed on my cheek. I quickly recover and come back with an elbow to his nose. He came right back with another punch.
We continued to pound each other’s faces and bodies to breaking point. We grunted and yelled with every punch, every kick, and every elbow we threw. My muscles ached and my face hurt, but he wasn’t stopping, so neither was I.
We both threw right punches that met in the middle, but I came around with my left and caught his nose. The last blow took the scarf from his face, and exposed a beaten and bruised Gabriel. He staggered forward and landed a pathetic punch against my chest. I answered back with a weak punch to his gut. He grunted and threw a slow uppercut to my gut. We had no strength left as we continued our pointless and pathetic fighting. All that was left was the grunting as we swung our arms around in a ridiculous fashion. I didn’t want to fight anymore.
I wrapped my arms tight around his body in a bear hug. He struggled to free himself.
“This isn’t you Gabriel,” I said. “You’re not like this…you’re not weak.”
He stopped struggling.
“I feel for your despair, but you can’t let it consume you. You’re a strong person…it’s why I look up to you. It’s why you’re my hero.” I felt him relax under my grip. “…and it’s why she loved you.”
I stood there hugging him until he put up no resistance. I was not taking ‘no’ for an answer.
“You’re right,” he said several seconds later. “I’m sorry…for what I’ve become. And thank you.”
Relief washed over me. I let him go and we both fell on our backs.
Slowly, and painfully, we sat upright. We stared at each other—both of us looking through tired eyes.
Minutes later, I break the silence. “That was kind of gay,” I said jokingly and we both laughed.
“You look like hell,” he tells me.
“You’re one to talk—looks like you got trampled on by an elephant,” I said through a smile.
“I did get trampled on by an elephant you fat bastard,” he said snickering. “Surprised you didn’t try to eat me.”
“You remember…” I tried to say through laughter. “You remember Christmas my senior year of high school—you got me two pairs of boxing gloves…”
“Don’t even start. I had you—don’t make up shit,” he retorted.
“Drawing first blood doesn’t mean you win!” I exclaimed.
“How about the first three knockdowns? Doesn’t that make me winner?” he asked rhetorically.
“Now who’s making lies?”
“You are,” he said and lay back down.
“You’re ridiculous,” I said.
Minutes passed as we stared at the sky, and I finally asked, “You ready to get out of here?”
“Forever and always,” he murmured.
26. Our Kingdom
It’s been days since our last event. The bruising on my face was fading, but my body remained stiff. Gabriel recovered much faster than I did—the bastard. He’s going to be in tip-top shape when we go to the North Tent tonight—and I’m going to look like I just got mugged on the way there.
Tonight is the big showdown of the Freedom Fighters against The Army. I want the Freedom Fighters to win, yet I want to fight The Army of Apocalypse. Is it bad to want them to lose? Then again, I really don’t want them to lose. I just…
“Watch it! You’re going to over-cook them!” Gabriel barked.
I put my attention back to the grill, which Hunter let us borrow, and the four blackened slabs of beef sitting on it.
“Oops,” I said and put the steaks on the plate by my feet. Gabriel loathed the black strip of meat as he picked it up with two fingers.
“If you wanted it done right, why didn’t you do it?” I replied to his reaction.
“Moron, you volunteered to cook,” he retorted.
“Oh yeah,” I laughed. He jumped up from his plastic chair and snatched the thongs from my hand.
“Say cheese!” a woman called out. We looked to our right and a flash caught us off guard. Anna, with a camera in her hands, laughed at our expression.
“Priceless,” she said and walked into the tent to visit Alyse.
“So, who do you think is going to win tonight?” I asked Gabriel as he set four more steaks on the grill.
“I want the Freedom Fighters to win, but I think The Army will,” he replied.
“Why’s that?” I asked for his opinion.
“Freedom Fighters seem crafty, but I don’t expect The Army to fight fair.” He sighed and shook his head.
“What’s wrong?” I pried.
“I don’t like this,” he started. “Our presence has been compromised, yet we’re still here. My gut is telling me we should leave.”
“I think we should stay,” I proposed. “Look at the effect our company has done to those around us,” I started to explain. “People come to the tent to shake our hands—to say thank you. Groups follow us around—just for the sake of being around us.” I thought for a second, “Though, that last part is kind of creepy,” I admitted.
Gabriel nodded in agreement, “Last night I walked outside to take a leak, and a guy stood behind me—waiting until I was done—so he could shake my hand. It was gratifying, but you could imagine I was pretty weirded-out.”
“Which hand did you use?” I snickered.
He looked up in thought and muttered, “Damn.”
He flipped the steaks, “But you’re right. We have had a positive effect,” he agreed.
Toni and Chris walked out of the tent, and sat next to the grill beside Gabriel and me. Alyse, who had her arm around her mother, limped toward us. I got up from my chair, and helped Anna guide her to the seat.
“Thank you,” she said. I grabbed the last two chairs that were positioned against the right side of our tent. I set one next to Anna, and sat down in the other next to Alyse.
“I’m almost done with the flag,” Alyse stated. For the past couple of days, she’s been making a flag for our faction out of spare clothes—we had plenty of black shirts.
“So what’re you going to put on it?” Chris asked Alyse.
“I’m not sure yet,” she replied. “I don’t want to put Omega Unit since these two despise the name,” she said pointing at me and Gabriel. We shrugged.
“You should think of a name,” Anna pressed.
“Yeah,” Toni jumped in, “All these other factions will probably change their names to whatever is on that flag.”
For some unknown reason, I started shuffling through my mind’s library of favorite movies. I laughed to myself when I came across Fight Club.
“No clichéd movie titles,” Gabriel said looking at me.
“Get out of my head.”
“I wouldn’t be surprised if there was a movie made about you two—like, years down the road,” Chris mused.
“It could be like that movie, ‘300,’” Keith said—walking toward us.
“I think they’d have to come up with a different kind of title…I don’t think ‘2’ sounds very cool,” Gabriel said and started handing out steaks.
“How about, ‘Paul, The Amazing, and His Trusty Psychopathic Sidekick,’” I said with my hands in the air to an invisible billboard. Everybody laughed—Gabriel just stared.
“I like...‘Gabriel and His Bitch-Ass Brother,’” he said.
“Yeah, those won’t be Rated-R,” Alyse said sarcastically.
“I doubt there will even be ratings if movies start coming out,” her mother replied.
“Instead of watching and reading Johnny Tremain in history classes, it’s going to be The Reed Brothers,” Chris said—sparking inspiration. The hive mind Gabriel and I have seems to be working as we looked at each other—smiling.
“The Sons of Liberty,” we said at the same time. We paused—nodding with agreement.
“The Sons of Liberty…I like it,” Alyse said excitedly and struggled to get to her feet—Anna walked over to help.
“Where are you going?” I asked.
“I’m going to finish that flag,” she answered. I heard Anna ask her daughter, “Are you going to tell him?”
I look back, puzzled. Alyse just stares at me, and limps away. I shrugged at Gabriel who, deep in thought, watched me.
“What?”
“Nothing,” he said.
I watched Chris as he picked at pieces of his steak with his fingers.
“Not hungry?” I asked him—trying to pry out what’s really on his mind. He just shrugged.
“You know, if you’re not going to eat it…” I joked. He didn’t flinch. I looked up at Gabriel, who was examining Chris. I wish I was as good at reading people as Gabriel is.
“We all miss him Chris…he was a good kid,” Gabriel said. Chris sniffled and blinked heavily—trying to prevent tears. Oh. I should have seen that.
“That was supposed to be his,” he choked—pointing at the lone steak on the plate by my feet. “He would have already scarfed it down, and started asking for mine,” he then laughed.
We sat in silence as Chris’s laughter faded—shifting into sadness.
“First Eric, now Spenser,” he said sternly. Then he muttered, “Death is everywhere,” and got up and walked in the tent.
“They’ve been friends since grade school,” Toni told us, then got up to walk after him.
Gabriel sighed as he put his empty plate on the ground.
“I’m falling into a food coma,” he said rubbing his belly. He got to his feet and walked toward the tent. “Wake me in a few hours, will ya?” he asked. I glanced up at him, but quickly looked away for the sun blinded my eyes. I squinted back up at him and nodded at his request. He turned back toward the tent and walked inside.
I breathed in a cool breeze that brushed my face. “Clear, blue skies,” I thought to myself as I looked to the heavens. The sun was making my eyes water, but I couldn’t look away. “Who’s up there? A smile stretched across my face, “I see you.”
“Who are you talking to?” Alyse said—limping toward me.
“Walking by yourself? Look who’s all grown up!” I joked. I scooted a chair to my side for her to sit down. Once she took her seat she punched my arm.
“That’s for being a smart-ass,” she explained and leaned against me.
I sat, continuing to soak the breeze and the sun, in my state of bliss. “So…” Alyse started.
“So…?” I pressed.
“We never really talked about what happened…you know…at the hotel,” she said hesitantly.
I didn’t say anything. I wasn’t going to push either. If she was going to ask, then she was going to ask—whether I answer or not, I still don’t know.
“You should have seen it Paul. So many people cheered for you guys,” she said—straying from her true question. “But when Spenser…Well, everyone was in shock,” she added. I lingered in silence.
She sat up and faced me but didn’t look into my eyes.
“Paul…” she started. I picked her chin up—forcing her to look.
“What happened?” she asked. “We saw Keith put the capsule in the container, and we thought it was over. But then the screen changed to an empty room with a T.V. What was on the T.V. we couldn’t see, but we saw Gabriel walk in…and collapse,” she said with a distorted countenance—trying to recall the strange event.
“Is that all you saw?” I asked.
“No…” she said. “We saw him go to the roof, and…hack away…” she acknowledged. “Then they ran where there were no cameras.”
“Then that’s all there is to it,” I closed.
“Bullshit,” she snapped. “The both of you come back with bruised faces—everybody wants to know what happened,” she implored.
“We fought,” I shrugged.
“Really? Like I’m not smart enough to figure that out for myself—it looks like you walked in front of a train.”
“Hey now, I did a number on him too!” I contended.
“Sure you did.”
I sat in silence—thinking of the night I did not want to think about.
“Ugh!” she grunted and leaned back against my body.
“He’s fine now. Let’s leave it at that,” I told her. I could only hope.
“Hey kids!” Anna called out from the tent—aiming the camera in our direction.
“Let’s stand,” Alyse proposed and stood up.
“Why?”
“I hate taking pictures sitting down.”
Weird. We stood up, and she leaned into me. “You better be smiling,” she said looking at the camera.
“I’ll smile when you give me a reason to smile,” I told her.
“If you don’t smile, I’m going to kick your ass.” An authentic grin shot across my face.
The nighttime breeze felt welcoming to my skin. The clamor from other tents in our immediate area was gone. Everyone had left for the North Tent. Chris and the others already started walking for the tent. I wanted to give Gabriel some more time to rest—he has hardly slept at all lately.
“Gabriel…” I said shaking his shoulder. He shooed me away and rolled over so his back was facing me. “Wake up man,” I said kicking his back. He grunted something incoherent.
“Alright…” I said and picked up a small stick from the ground. I leaned over his body and carefully stuck the tip of the stick into his nose. I wiggled it around until he slapped himself. I stifled a laugh. Gently, I stuck the stick back into his nose, but he was alert. He grabbed my wrist and threw me over his body. Roughly, he stuck his forearm into my throat, but I couldn’t stop laughing. He started smiling then got to his feet.
“Pansy,” he said helping me to my feet. He glanced around the tent, “Where is everybody?” he asked.
“Already down at the tent,” I replied.
“Why didn’t you wake me up?” I just stared at him and shook my head. I grabbed the keys to the Mustang.
“We’re going to drive there.”
I parked, with the other group of cars, next to the tent. The tent was abnormally quiet for the mass of people it occupied. We walked in to see four massive T.V. screens set across the stage—the game against the Freedom Fighters and The Army of Apocalypse had already begun. We hurried to the rest of our crew in the middle section of the middle row—people turned and stared, but I’ve gotten used to it. Gabriel and I took the empty seats next to Chris and Toni—Alyse, with her mother and father, sat in front of us. I grabbed a lock of her hair and lightly tugged to let her know I was there. She turned around.
“Recognize the setting?” she asked. I glanced at the screens, and I instantly knew—the four screens showed different angles of the University of Texas’s Darrell K. Royal Stadium.
“Hook ‘em Horns!” I yelled. Alyse’s dad threw up a hand with his pinky and index fingers extended.
“It just started. You haven’t missed anything,” Toni informed me. “It looks like a dead heat right now,” she started to fill me in on the details of the match. “Freedom Fighters must hold off an assault by The Army. The assault will last ten minutes—if the Freedom Fighters make it past that they win.”
I continued to watch the screens. The four different cameras were positioned at four corners of the stadium—two in the stands of each end-zone, and the other two at the sides, in the highest part of the stands, aiming down toward the sidelines. I could see the various members of the Freedom Fighters scattered throughout the stands.
Toni then added, “And it’s only handguns. No other weapons are allowed.”
As soon as she said this, two rockets came into view—blasting the right side of the stadium’s stands. The people within the tent jumped up from their seats and screamed in protest.
I watched in horror as two more rockets flew into the stands on the opposite side—where a Freedom Fighter tried to escape, but was engulfed by the explosion. The riot within the tent grew out of control. Gabriel slammed his fist against the table—he glared at the T.V. with intense animosity.
“This was expected, remember?” I brought to his attention.
“Saying it will probably happen is one thing, but actually seeing it…” he couldn’t finish.
Seven Apocalypse soldiers came into view, on Clark Field, from the south entrance. The middle-left screen zoomed in to the soldiers—Russians. They held fully-automatic weapons—scoping the area.
“Bastards!” Gabriel hissed.
Two of the closest Freedom Fighters revealed their positions by opening fire—they took out two soldiers. The tent cheered, but quickly diminished as the two members of the Freedom Fighters were cut down to shreds.
Another Freedom Fighter tried to retreat up the stadium, but was put down by a rain of fire from the five soldiers.
“Look at them,” Gabriel grumbled as he watched the soldiers stand out in the open on the 50-yard line. “They’re proud of themselves—thinking they’re superior for destroying the opposition.” Again, he violently slammed his fist against the table.
All seemed lost when a fifth Freedom Fighter was shot down from across the stadium. The majority of the tent dropped in their seats and hung their heads. You can’t lose hope.
Ron and the other remaining member of his faction jumped from the south-side stands and crept, behind the soldiers, onto the field. They took the two downed soldiers’ weapons, and opened fire on the sitting ducks.
The tent shook as everyone erupted in celebration. Gabriel and I were on our feet screaming, our fists in the air, as the last soldiers fell in defeat. Gabriel threw his arm around my neck screaming, “YEAH!” He laughed with the joy that rang through my ears. Then Gabriel let go, and jumped on the table—his anger returning.
The four screens changed to one view. It was of the outside of the stadium, on the south-side. Several Humvee trucks sped into view. Humvee after Humvee rolled up, and hundreds of soldiers filed out—weapons in their hands. They gathered in front of a single man—standing just outside the stadium.
The tent fell in utter silence.
I got up on the table, next to Gabriel, “All for just two men?!” I bellowed. The camera zoomed into the single man, standing at the forefront of The Army, to show a familiar face.
“POLLIIIICK!” Gabriel roared at the screen.
He jumped off the table and stormed out of the tent—I followed close behind him. We got into the Mustang and sped back to our tent. In a matter of minutes, we arrived. Once inside the tent, we frantically dressed for the occasion. Strapping pistols to our legs, armor around our bodies, and grenades to our chest. Gabriel tossed me an M4 rifle, and took one for his self. He tossed me a strap of grenades for the M203 launcher.
I glanced at the huge piece of black cloth that sat on Alyse’s mattress. I held it up to see it was her unfinished flag. Patches of black fabric was sewed together to where it was obvious this wasn’t one piece of cloth. In large white lettering ‘Sons of Liberty’ was sewed, in an arc, running along the top of the flag.
Gabriel put his scarf around his neck and over his face.
“What’s that?” he asked—putting his blade in his vest, against his back. I folded the flag, keeping it in a firm grip.
“Our calling.”
A clatter of sprinting footsteps stopped just outside the tent. Chris, Toni, Ebben, Keith, and the other members of the Omega Unit walked into the tent.
“You…didn’t think…you were going…by yourselves…did you?” Chris said through gasps of air.
“We’re…a team,” Ebben breathed.
“Yeah, where you go…we go,” Toni added.
I looked into their determined faces. “Get ready,” I said sternly.
They bumbled around the tent, in search for their equipment. Gabriel and I finished our preparations for the expected battle. Chris walked up to me, when he was ready, and took the flag from my hands. He held it up in the air to examine the craftsmanship. Then he walked off, grabbing a spare metal pole from the tent’s infrastructure which stood in the back left corner, and slid the loop of the flag down onto the pole. “Now people will know who we are,” he said.
Locked and loaded, we exited the tent and I hopped into the Mustang’s driver seat. We continued our way to the interstate, the two Humvees close behind me with the old pick-up in last, when a great wall of people and cars halted our advance. The mob in front of me held weapons, and was equipped much like we were—this put a smile on my face. I got out to greet the immovable barricade.
A group of men, including Justin Flowers and Hunter Watson, approached.
“Problem?” I asked the oncoming mob.
They stopped, feet from my position, when they looked over my shoulder and smiled. I glanced back to see our black flag, stickingOmega Unit out from the passenger window of Chris’s Humvee, flapping with the breeze—showing ‘Sons of Liberty’ in bold white letters.
“Recruiting?” Hunter asked.
I could only smile, “Follow us,” I told them. They turned and ran for their vehicles. I did the same, and the rumble of the crowd’s cheer that made me proud. This is our doing.
“Let’s do this,” Gabriel said as I got back in the Mustang.
We sped, at a constant 100 mph, up interstate 35 toward Austin. The image in my rear-view mirror is an impressive sight: dozens of vehicles followed us in a single file line. The ‘Sons of Liberty’ flag—our flag—continued to suspend in the air from Chris’s Humvee behind us. The pride swelled up inside me.
I glance over to Gabriel, who focused on the road, and ask, “What would you want to do before you die?”
“You expect to die?” he asked bemused.
“Everyone is expected to die, but it’s just a question,” I told him.
He looked out his window, “What I want is not important. What we need to do is what we should worry about.”
“Well let’s talk about what’s not important…” I said and he sighed.
“I had everything I wanted before hell started to rise. There’s nothing else I would want more than to have that feeling again: have a loving wife, build a house, watch my daughter go to prom… But I guess someone decided I had enough for one lifetime,” he said still looking out the window.
“That wasn’t depressing,” I said sarcastically.
“You asked,” he retorted then asked, “What about you?”
“Find a woman to spend my life with…I’m tired of being alone,” I admitted and thought, how unoriginal. “If not…then I wouldn’t mind going to Disney World one last time.”
“Ride the Tower of Terror?” Gabriel laughed.
“That and Space Mountain,” I said.
“Space Mountain?” he scoffed. “That’s kiddy stuff.”
“It holds the essence of Disney World. You can’t go there, and not ride Space Mountain.”
“…So, what do we need to do before we die?” I asked him.
“Free the people of this world from despair. Show them how to stand up and say ‘no,’” he replied.
“Do you think it can be done?” I asked him.
He didn’t answer.
“I think it can be done,” I said.
“Then show me.”
I just smiled as we turned onto Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard—running perpendicular to the stadium. I slowed to a 10 mph coast when the stadium came into view. Clark Field, in front of the San Jacinto Residence Hall, looked like a used car lot for military vehicles with the surplus of Humvees occupying it. There was no sign of Pollick or his Army—they must be in the stadium.
“Stop the car,” Gabriel said while examining the field.
“Plan?” I asked.
“There are roads surrounding this area on two sides with trees and brush around the perimeter of the field…” he started to explain.
“Split the group up…half on one side of Clark Field and the other half on the other side,” I said, cutting him off.
“Yes, but I was thinking you and I, with a few others, camp on that side,” he said pointing at the left side of the field, “And the rest camp on the opposite side.”
“Why not keep it even?” I asked, questioning his strategy.
“We will stay hidden, and sort of act as the diversion. When The Army has their backs turned, that’s when the others will jump in,” he explained.
I immediately got out of the car and ran to Chris’ window. “Take the rest of the crew…” I said, glancing down the row of vehicles, and was in awe at the sight of our long line of followers.  “…And position them along San Jancito Boulevard,” I told him as I pointed out the road that ran along the right side of the field. He nodded in reply and he, with several of his friends, got out of the Humvee.
“Wait until their backs are turned,” I told him and quickly added, “and stay quiet.”
They sprinted down the line of cars, spreading the strategic plan. I ran to the second Humvee that Toni drove, and told her to follow Gabriel and me—I did the same for Keith and the pick-up he drove. We sprinted back to Gabriel, who waited in a crouch behind the Mustang—keeping vigilance over the field with his scope.
I stopped by his side, and he looked up at me. “You know the area better than anyone here—lead the way.”
Fluttering butterflies filled my stomach as I accepted leadership. I don’t really know this side of campus, but ok. I told the gang to follow—Gabriel held the rear. In a full sprint, I guided them further down Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard. I turned right; running along the far side of the building adjacent to the field—which I believe was known as Brazos Garage. I slowed to a jog when I looked back to see everyone was out of breath, except for the caboose. Letting the group close the gap, we eventually turned onto Jester Circle—the road running along the left side of the field.
I stopped, and looked back at Gabriel. He stared back—awaiting orders. Shit, I’m no good at this. There was a series of thick brush and trees in front of the Jester Dormitories—sitting on the left side of the road.
“I want the…” I paused to count the number of members in our party, “six of you to scatter throughout this area, using the brush as cover,” I told them pointing at the area in front of the dorms. Toni and Keith lead them away—a straggler with an ‘I’m scared shitless’ look on his face wobbled away. I grabbed his tense arm and he looked up at me with frightened eyes.
“I’m not going to say, ‘you shouldn’t be scared,’ because I would be lying to you,” I told him. I put my arm around his shoulder and pointed to the other side of Clark Field—at the vast army hidden behind the trees. “You have hundreds of comrades watching your back. On top of that, we have surprise and numbers on our side,” I reassured. He nodded—still stiff.
“Yes Mister Reed sir,” he said and ran after the others.
“Jesus, I feel like an old man,” I muttered to myself after the kid’s response.
“So, where are we positioned?” Gabriel asked me—tearing me back to reality.
“At the tree-line—along the perimeter of the field,” I told him.
“Under their nose. I like it,” he replied and we laid in prone on the very edge of the field.
“That kid looked like a five year-old on Halloween,” I whispered.
“Or a sixteen year-old trying to prepare for war,” Gabriel pointed out.
Ron and his partner come into view from the right side of San Jacinto Residence Hall. They walk into the Humvee cluttered field with their hands behind their heads—the groups of Apocalypse soldiers follow close behind them. The soldiers are chattering and laughing amongst themselves with indistinguishable conversations. The two Freedom Fighters stop in front of the building—and Pollick approaches them.
“Any last words?” I could hear Pollick say, and Ron spits on the ground between them.
“I’ll teach you, along with the other factions, what happens when you act like that,” Pollick said and stepped back. Two soldiers step forward from the assemblage of Apocalypse soldiers. The soldier to the right kicks Ron in the chest and he falls back. The other hits the fellow Freedom Fighter with the butt of his rifle.
“I’ll take the one on the right,” I whispered to Gabriel.
“On your mark,” he whispered back.
I focus on my target’s head through the scope. The soldier is taunting Ron just before the execution. I slip my finger against the trigger and take in a deep breath. The soldier holds his gun to Ron’s face, and I squeeze the trigger. The silenced shot rips through the air. Immediately after I fire, a second shot rings through my ears. And our targets tumble to the ground.
The soldiers fall into a state of panic as they see bullets penetrate their comrades’ heads. They spread out, guns in front of them, examining the area. Three soldiers try to finish the execution of the baffled Freedom Fighters.
“Protect them,” Gabriel hissed. With precise aim, I take out the far left soldier while Gabriel takes out the other two. The two Freedom Fighters get to their feet, and look around like a couple of clueless chickens.
“Run,” I grunt to myself, and they sprint off as if they could hear me. They turned and ran for the nearest Humvee for cover. More soldiers try to follow them, but Gabriel and I quickly cut them down.
“Pick them off,” Gabriel told me, and we continued to generate a silent riot that sends the soldiers into further frenzy. They start firing off into area—hoping to stop their invisible monster.
About ten of them fall until one screams, “In the bushes!” They turn and focus their fire on the brush around the Jester Center. Toni, Keith, and the others retaliate with fire of their own. Then a stampede of raging allies storm onto the field—firing upon the soldiers’ backs. The Army scatters throughout the area—hiding behind vehicles. Pollick, and a small party of soldiers, run around to the front lobby of San Jacinto Residence Hall.
With The Army’s attention torn between the two sides, Gabriel and I step into the field. I focus my fire on protecting the two Freedom Fighters. Luckily, we had a large supply of ammo for I reloaded for the second time already. A loud ‘thump’ sounded from Gabriel’s gun, and the grenade landed in the middle of the heaviest concentration of soldiers left standing.
Their numbers were quickly diminishing. All that was left was the small group hidden throughout the vehicles, and the group within the dorms.
We reached the two Freedom Fighters and I tossed both of them my pistols.
“Thank you,” Ron gasped.
“Not now,” Gabriel said. The two Freedom Fighters got up and hunted the remaining soldiers within the field.
“Head for the building!” Gabriel commanded me, pointing at San Jacinto. He advanced forward, in a low crouch, trying to stay clear of cross-fire. Following him at a quick pace, and in a crouch that made my legs burn, we made it to the first of the two towers of San Jacinto alive. We ran around the building to the front entrance of the second tower—positioned behind the first.
Sprinting footsteps and heavy breathing stop behind me—Chris, Justin, and Ebben stop at my heels. They stood there, awaiting orders, so I nodded for them to follow. We walked up the flight of steps toward the entrance, and Gabriel opened the front door. Smoke poured out from behind the open it. He swung it open, and stepped inside with his gun leading the way. I followed closely behind him, but he was barely visible due to the thick smokescreen. We crept forward, and the front lobby’s large wooden desk came into view.
The unfamiliarity of the layout left my mind in a state of angst. Though it didn’t stop Gabriel for he slowly advanced, so I kept our gap at mere inches.
“This is insane,” Justin muttered—Chris and Ebben both ‘shhh-ed’ at his remark. I looked back at the babbling moron, shaking my head, when Gabriel screamed, “Get down!” The blasting sound of a rocket’s exhaust echoed through the room. All I could see was a bright yellow light, but I didn’t want to stand there and see the rest. Gabriel and I dove left and were in mid-air when the RPG exploded against the front lobby’s desk. The blast changed our two-foot dive to the side into a ten foot backwards jump.
I tried to find my footing—falling several times in the process. As soon as I found it, a cold fist connected forcefully against my cheek—sending me on my back. Then a soldier straddled my upper body—locking my arms under his legs. I was helpless as he pounded a few heavy hands against my face. I was still deaf, but my vision started to clear. The soldier wrapped his cold hands around my neck, and I saw his face—the worker from the sign-up desk.
I struggled to free my hands as I started to black out. I was disconnected from the feeling of my body as I begun to fall unconscious. Then a vise grip of a hand clamped around the soldier’s mouth—throwing him against the wall. He tried to fend himself against Gabriel, but it was no use—it never is against Gabriel. The soldier threw a punch, but Gabriel ducked and struck his throat. Then Gabriel took the blade from his vest and stabbed downward aiming for the soldier neck. I turned away, gasping for air, just before the bloodshed.
On the floor in front of me were three motionless bodies. I scrambled to the closest one. Justin lay on his back, his eyes wide and lifeless. I shuffled to the next body, where Ebben lay still but moaned with pain.
“You’ll be alright,” I whispered in his ear and realized I couldn’t hear myself. I went to Chris—his eyes were closed, mouth open, and shrapnel covering the left side of his body. I shook his body calling his name. “Chris…Chris…Chris!” I said as my voice finally came through my own ears.
A hand rested on my shoulder, “He’ll be fine…just unconscious,” Gabriel reassured. I didn’t listen. I continued to shake his body, but then Gabriel forced me to my feet. He turned me to face him, “I need you now,” he said and put the M4 against my chest. I reluctantly grabbed it. He lightly slapped me across the face and said, “Focus Paul.”
Laughter broke my attention to the rocket’s source. Through the smokescreen I could hear two soldiers laughing. Gabriel brought his scarf over his face and nodded. I nodded back.
He sprinted forward, and I followed several feet behind him. We hurdled over the crippled front desk, and the laughing soldiers appeared in our sights. The pair of them had dread spread across their faces once we arose from the smoke. The one to the left dropped his rocket and bumbled for his other weapon. Gabriel was a juggernaut—sprinting in his direction with no intentions of stopping. The soldier to the right brought out his rifle and aimed at Gabriel. I dropped to one knee and unloaded my clip into his body. I was reloading as I watched Gabriel bring his blade up behind him, and carved a deep laceration in the soldier’s face.
Gabriel used his victim’s body as a shield when gunfire from the hall to our left rained upon him. His shield didn’t hold up well as bullets grazed his arms and legs. I got up against the wall, aimed my rifle, and fired a grenade. The echoing screams told me it was safe. With my gun in front of me, I cautiously advanced down the dust-filled hall. Three downed soldiers lay at the end with one scurrying around on the ground for a weapon. I aimed and squeezed the trigger.
‘Click.’ Damn, empty.
I dropped the gun and raced down the hall toward him. He rolled over aiming a shotgun when I leaped over the pile of debris and corpses. He fired and missed as I jumped to the left side of the hall, onto a large chunk of collapsed wall. I jumped back toward the soldier and landed with my knees flying into his armpits just before he could get another shot off. I snatched the gun from his grip. I aimed at his face, looked away, and fired. I slowly got to my feet, the adrenaline wearing off as I had to use my hand on the wall in front of me for support. Then a pistol pressed against the back of my head.
“Now, you die Mr. Reed,” Pollick’s smug voice sent hatred, and defeat through my veins. The pressure he exerted was suddenly forced off my neck. Pollick fired a shot into the wall as Gabriel had a hold of his wrist and the back of his head. He slammed Pollick’s head into the wall then drove his palm into Pollick’s elbow as he pulled back on his wrist. The satisfying crunch of Pollick’s hyper-extended elbow sent him to the ground. Gabriel then put his foot on Pollick’s throat, and aimed a pistol at his face.
Pollick held his good arm to his face as if it would stop the bullet. He lay on his back, whimpering, as Gabriel deliberated. I watched my brother slowly squeeze the trigger. I walked to his side, putting my hand on the gun, and gently pushed it down to his side.
“That’s too good for him,” I told Gabriel.
Gabriel holstered his gun, looked up at me, and nodded in agreement.
We looked down at the pathetic general. “We’re going old school on your ass,” Gabriel told him.
“You’re going to re…” Pollick started to shout.
“Shut the hell up,” Gabriel growled and came down with a powerful right fist—smashing against his nose. I was fascinated by the unconscious Pollick’s face.
“Whoa…look at his nose,” I said to Gabriel—pointing at Pollick’s face. The point of his nose was facing to the right, and was mashed against his face. “I’ve never seen that before,” I said to myself. Gabriel and I looked at each other, and stifled a laugh.
He picked up Pollick’s body and threw him over his shoulder. We saw Ebben back on his feet when we made it to the lobby.
“Carry Justin’s body,” I told him, taking Chris’ and throwing him over my shoulder.
The cool nighttime breeze rushed against my face when we walked outside. Cheers from Clark Field flooded my ears as we walked back toward the celebrating crowd.
“NNOOOO!!” a woman shrieked as we walked onto the field—the celebration quickly died. The crying woman, with a group of family and friends, ran to Ebben and took the body he carried. They set the body on the ground, and mourned their beloved friend. I told Ebben to leave them be for he was watching them grieve over Justin.
All the Humvees’ headlights were on—illuminating the area. I set Chris down on the grass in front of the first truck I approached. Toni ran to us and fell to her knees.
“He’ll be alright,” I told her before she started bawling. “Just unconscious.”
A metal pole stuck into the ground in front of me. I looked up to see Alyse holding herself up with the flag. I stood up to greet her, but backed off when I saw her eyes were red and watery. Behind her stood her mother and father, along with the St. Andrews crew.
“Uh…er…I…When did you get here?” was all I could say. Which was obviously poor choice of words for Alyse brought her hand around and slapped me. I wasn’t going to say another word. I just stared back. She jumped forward and threw her arms around me.
“Phew…I was ready for round two,” I joked. She didn’t laugh.
She looked up at me, “I could only imagine the worse…” she breathed.
“I’m…”
“Just say goodbye, or promise me you’ll be back the next time you run off somewhere…” she said.
“But I…”
“Just promise me…”
“Ok…I promise.”
The people around us looked at the approaching figure behind me. I glanced back to see Gabriel, with Pollick thrown over his shoulder. He walked through the silent crowd and threw the unconscious Pollick on the hood of the Humvee. He then jumped up and sat on the hood next to the helpless body.
“What were you doing?” I asked him but he just stared at the ground.
Keith, Ebben, and several others of Chris’ friends circled around his body.
“He’ll be alright. Lucky for him, he didn’t have the same fate as Justin,” I said looking at the soldier’s mourning loved ones.
“Any other casualties?” I asked Toni. She shook her head. Almost a total victory.
“What happened to his nose?” a man asked as the crowd stepped closer to examine the general.
“I have a mean right hook,” Gabriel said.
After examining the conquered general, the crowd appeared disheartened.
“Do you not like the fact that we caught him?” Gabriel asked—beating me to the question.
“What now?” the man asked. “This doesn’t change that The Army is still everywhere in limitless numbers.”
“Plus there’s still another leader out there!” another man called out, and the crowd agreed.
“If this doesn’t please you, then I don’t know what will,” Gabriel said flatly.
I hopped onto the hood of the Humvee. The sight was intimidating for the watchful audience reached the perimeter of the field, and some in the street—I felt like a musician ready to perform at my first gig.
“Do you people realize what we’ve accomplished today?” They looked around to each other—shrugging. “We have announced our existence in this hellish world, and denounced there’s,” I bellowed through the air. “Take out one,” I said pointing at Pollick, “And threaten their entire being.” Finally, the mob seemed to be on the same page. They stood, nodding their heads with agreement.
“So you expect us to fight now? Just non-stop fighting?” a woman asked. “Because there is no way we can match their numbers.”
“I don’t expect you to do anything,” I told her. “But I will fight…and I will not stop. I will fight until my body leaves this plane, and I can only hope you will stand behind me.”
Alyse limped over to Gabriel with the flag, and handed it to him. He stood up, and passed the flag onto me.
“The symbol of hope,” I muttered to myself as I looked at the incomplete flag flutter with the breeze. “In a way…we brought this upon ourselves. We gave them their power, and we can take it back. We will take it back…” I said aloud.
“WE WILL TAKE IT BACK!” I roared and the crowd gave me cheers and shouts of approval. “Too long have we stood in their shadow of fear. It is time for us to shine bright, and bring hope to this broken world!” The crowd was building momentum as they listened to the powerful words echo through the night.
“We will transcend beyond their deepest nightmares! They will look up to the skies where we will reign supreme! Our kingdom is the sun in this blackened earth! Our kingdom…WHERE WE ARE KINGS!” I bellowed. I could hardly hear myself as the crowd transformed into a crazed mob. I could hardly hear my own pounding heart in my chest as the decibels reached ear splitting levels.
“THIS IS WHERE WE FIGHT!” Gabriel bellowed over the crowd.
“WE ARE THE SONS OF LIBERTY!” I yelled and held our flag up to the heavens.
I didn’t think it was possible, but the passionate crowd turned up their loudness as I waved our flag in the air.
They didn’t slow down. Gabriel and I stood at the heart, with the rumble of the ground sending chills of pride through our bodies. We tilted our heads back and breathed in the passion, the sound, and the atmosphere of this newfound kingdom…
Our kingdom.
27. One Last Sunrise
I couldn’t sleep.
We made it back to the tent several hours ago, but too much was on my mind for me to get any rest. I sat up to see everyone deep in their dream realms. Chris slept peacefully with bandages covering nearly his entire body. Ebben was snoring, and Keith was talking in his sleep—I chuckled when he started mumbling something about a pink troll. Alyse was in a deep sleep. I couldn’t stop watching her, but then I noticed Gabriel wasn’t beside her. I got to my feet, and examined the area to see he wasn’t in the tent. I walked outside to see him sitting in a plastic chair against the tent.
“I can’t sleep either,” I said and grabbed a chair of my own from the side of the tent. When I walked around to the front, I saw the finished flag hanging just above the entrance. Alyse added a white sun, with small rays, in the center, and ‘This is where we fight,’ just under the sun in small white letters.
“Nothing elaborate…but I like it,” I said and took my seat against the tent, opposite of Gabriel. He nodded in agreement. The shiny accessory around Gabriel’s neck caught my eye.
“I haven’t seen those in a long time…” I said, pointing at his dog tags.
“Neither have I,” he said.
Down by his feet, I noticed a plastic bag filled with oranges. And around the area he sat, were orange peels.
“Mind if I have one?” I asked. He took an orange from the bag and tossed it to me. I glanced over as he bit into the peel.
“You know, the peel breaks down the enamel on your teeth when you do that,” I informed him.
“I don’t care,” he said—peeling away at his orange. I looked down at mine, shrugged, and bit into the peel.
“I haven’t had one in a long time,” I said as I tore away at the peel.
“Savor it,” he said—breaking apart the wedges.
“So what’s the plan now?” I asked him as I tossed a slice of orange in my mouth.
He shrugged, “Haven’t given it too much thought,” he said with a mouthful of fruit.
“You never give anything too much thought…You just do things,” I said.
“So what’s the plan?” he asked me.
I shrugged, “Haven’t given it too much thought,” I said and he laughed.
Rays of light seeped through the trees as the sun began to rise. Gabriel dropped his orange, and got to his feet. In a trance, he started walking toward the tree line. I got up and followed him. I looked down, eating my orange, and watching my step for sticks and brush. Gabriel was absorbed by the light, and its source as it came clearer through the trees.
We approached a small clearing within the Hill Country and Gabriel stopped when we reached it. Standing at the edge of the tree line, he observed the orange sun as it rose from the horizon.
“Beautiful…isn’t it?” I asked looking at him.
He stared, squinting at the sun, and said, “It hurts my eyes.”
I walked over to him, and put my hand on his shoulder. I turned him around, back toward the tent, and said, “C’mon.”
We made our way back through the trees, and saw everyone was up, standing, in front of the tent in formal rows—Alyse’s mother and father stood facing the group. Gabriel and I walked from the trees and into the clearing.
“Where have you been?” Alyse asked.
“Having an orange,” I replied and looked down at my hands—they were covered in juice and pulp.
“It’s too early for this Mrs. Hound,” Toni pouted. I looked to Anna, who was messing with the camera strapped around her neck.
“Let’s get the two of you next,” she said signaling Gabriel and I to position ourselves in front of the tent. We shuffled over and stood in front of the flag—Gabriel stood to my right.
“Say cheese,” Anna said. Seconds later there was no flash. Anna sighed and looked at us shaking her head. “It looks like you two have gippy tummies!” she exclaimed.
“Whatever that means,” I mumbled. Gabriel gave me a light elbow to my side.
I put on a fake smile that I wasn’t too enthused about, and Gabriel just glared at the camera. Anna just dropped her shoulders in defeat.
Jack, standing behind Anna, laughed at the sight. “America’s most wanted,” he chuckled pointing at Gabriel.
“Don’t mind him,” I told them. “He just knows how ugly he’ll make this picture look.”
A short burst of laughter escaped his mouth, and the corners of his mouth turned up.
“That’s more like it!” I said and wrapped my arm around his shoulders.
“You’re ugly,” he muttered as Anna brought the camera to her face.
“What’re you talking about? I’m cute,” I joked and we both chuckled. The flash of light briefly blinded me. Glad that’s over with.
“Now everybody!” Anna said. Everybody groaned as they staggered around us.
“Looking good Chris,” I said as he walked within the frame. His face was swollen, cut, and bruised from the rocket he took earlier.
“Shut up,” he muttered.
We all positioned ourselves, ready for the picture. From my right, Alyse intertwined her fingers with mine. She rested her head against my arm, and waited for the flash.
“For the scrapbook,” she said and the flash blinded us.
Screams and shrieks of terror tore through the woodland area. The reverberating sounds of gunfire soon followed. Gabriel ran inside the tent, and emerged with two pistols. He tossed me one and sprinted toward the disturbance. I started after him, but stopped. I turned back and looked at Alyse. We stared at each other, but I didn’t know what to say. I turned back around and ran after Gabriel.
We passed clusters of people as they ran from trouble. Gabriel and I did not stop—we continued our way down the sister trail. Gunshots and screams became louder.
Once onto the main trail, we saw the cause: a legion of military vehicles made its way up the trail—guns on top of trucks fired upon their fleeing prey. Gabriel and I stood in their path. We took aim at the first truck and fired on the enemies through the windshield. The truck swerved and crashed into a nearby tree. The horde of vehicles stopped, and the enemy showed themselves. Masses of soldiers, wearing grey uniforms, got of their trucks and aimed weapons at us. The red arm band, around their arms, with a black swastika caught my eye.
Gabriel and I aimed, but knew it was no use. We dropped our weapons and waited for the cavalry. The area’s populace slowly appeared from behind the forest surrounding us. Chris, and the crew, appeared from the sister trail. Alyse, with her mother and father showed up soon after.
The troops of darkness slowly advanced on our helpless position—they stopped ten feet in front of us. A lone Nazi walked up from his troops, and stood in front of us with a grim expression.
“Vergil?!” I exclaimed. He smiled back at me. “…Is that even your name?” I asked glumly. He laughed aloud.
He looked at us with a stern gaze and asked in a German accent, “Where is he?”
“He’s dead,” I answered—assuming he was asking for Pollick.
Vergil called something out in a deep Germanic language that I could not comprehend. “Alemannic,” Gabriel said to himself. A Nazi brought a laptop to Vergil—they exchanged a few words, and looked up at us.
“Shit,” Gabriel spat. “Pollick had a transmitter,” he whispered to me. “The transmitter is showing them Pollick’s vital signs, but not his location.” Shit is right—I feel like a child who just got sent to the principal’s office.
“Try again,” Vergil said and drew his gun—pointing it at us.
“You just missed him,” I said. “We all watched as he got gang raped by a bunch of woodland critters…if you turn around and run you’re bound to catch him.”
Vergil retorted with something in German. “Sorry, didn’t catch that,” I said.
Gabriel then spat on Vergil’s boots. Uh oh.
Vergil looked down at his feet, then up at Gabriel. He smiled, took aim to the group of people to our left, and fired twice.
“NO!” Alyse cried as her mother collapsed.
Instinctively, I leaped forward and grabbed Vergil’s throat, while Gabriel reach forward and clamped his hand around Vergil’s face. The mob of Nazis surrounded us—there was one weapon pointed at us for every pore on our bodies. We quickly backed off.
I looked over to Alyse. She and her father cried over the tragedy.
“Try again,” Vergil said smiling.
We can’t have any more of this, I thought to myself as I watched Anna’s lifeless body. No more.
“We’ll take you to him,” I said and hung my head in defeat. The soldiers backed off and went back to their vehicles. Vergil walked to the front truck, and waited for us.
Gabriel stood in his spot, staring at the ground.
“I’m sorry,” I said.
“For what?” he asked.
“For giving up.”
“You didn’t give up. You chose the option that will save the most lives. I would’ve said it sooner or later—but I would have been more stubborn about it.”
I walked to Alyse, and crouched down next to her—putting my arm around her trembling body. I looked down at Anna’s body—she was shot twice in the chest. I reach over, and closed her eyes. I can imagine the loss their feeling now. It brings me back to when I first lost my family…a feeling I don’t ever want to experience again. And I feel the utmost pity for they have to endure it now.
“I have to go now,” I whispered. She looked up at me sobbing and confused. Then she grabbed my face with her two cold hands, “No…No!” she cried.
“I have to,” I said then grabbed her frustrated face with my hands. “Do not stop what we have started. Finish this…” I said and kissed her on the forehead. I got to my feet and walked toward Gabriel.
“Promise me!” she cried out from behind me—I didn’t look back. I heard her fall to her knees, “Paul Reed, you promise me…now!” she cried more severely.
Gabriel and I got into the large SUV, and sat in the middle row of seats. Vergil occupied the passenger seat—soldiers filled the back seat. We started turning around. I watched Alyse, on her knees, crying into her hands. Chris and the crew stared in horror as we drove off. Next to the truck, by my window, was the toddler, running, trying to keep up. Tears filled her eyes when I looked down at her. She reached for me, and I put my hand against the window. The driver sped up, and she was soon gone from sight.
Is this it? Is this our end? We have been fighting for years, but it seems like a blur compared to this moment. Much like my life—a blur in the distant past. Too much has gone undone, but I cannot dwell on my failures. I glance over at Gabriel, and wonder what’s going through his mind as he stares at the cloud covered sun.
My brother—my protective and loving brother—what are you thinking? I must know. I don’t know what to think of this moment. I begin to think of the past we have shared…
My first day at kindergarten—I wore my favorite Ninja Turtles shoes. The fifth graders found it necessary to pick on me because my shoes had Velcro rather than shoelaces. They jumped me on my bathroom break. You walked behind them, just as they kicked me on the ground—punching each one of them to the ground. “Do not fuck with my brother,” I remember you saying in your child voice. I also remember being more shocked you said the ‘F’ word than the fact I got bullied. You weren’t afraid to defend me, even though they were years older than you.
My first Easter Sunday, where I got to go egg hunting—I was ecstatic. You and Mary found all of the plastic eggs, and I only found one. I bawled my eyes out. But you gave me your eggs, and traded it for my one. Then opened the one egg I found—inside was a fifty dollar bill. You handed it to me and said, “Look past what others have, and be grateful for what you’ve found…a golden egg.” You left me with your eggs, and my golden egg. But did you have to be so smug about it?
I remember when I wasn’t invited to one of my friend’s party in middle school, and you had a party of your own to go to. You ditched it, and said, “We’ll have a party of our own.” We went to the corner doughnut shop and found out who could eat the most doughnuts. Then we rented several movies, and tried to act out our favorite scenes. The best party I’ve ever been to.
I remember the countless nights we laid out on the roof—trying to escape the world. The games of hide-and-seek we played when we were kids. The first time we rode a roller coaster. Our first fights with one another, and our first fights protecting each other—we always won.
“The stadium,” Gabriel told the driver when we made it to the campus.
I wish I could thank you Gabriel. Thank you for helping me become the man that I am…there’s no way in hell I could’ve done it without you. These memories, embedded in me, these memories, what made me who I am, are all that matters. Will life flash before my eyes right before? Or was this the flash of life? Either way, one thing is for sure—my life is about to end.
We got out of the trucks and walked into the stadium.
There is so much I need to do.
So much I want to do—but that isn’t important.
We walked out onto the field from the south. The body, tied to the south-end goal post, was still moving. Gabriel and I walking into the end zone to get a good look at Pollick. He glared at us with a smile, as Vergil and his soldiers cut the ropes that bound him.
“I told you,” Pollick said smugly. “You should have killed me when you had the chance.”
Gabriel turned to me, smiling, “How many movies have we seen or books we have read that have that line?” I shrugged, smiling.
“A lot.”
“It’s so weird to hear it in reality,” he added.
One of the Nazis walked forward, with a video camera to his face—aiming at us.
“We will show your followers that you are no more,” Vergil explained and pointed a gun at my chest. A soldier handed Pollick a gun, who aimed it at Gabriel.
“I will enjoy this,” Pollick said.
“I’m sure you will, you sick bastard,” Gabriel said.
“Any last words?” Pollick asked us—laughing.
“Prepare for a war,” I told him. “And I promise…you will lose.”
“You will suffer and die by our hand,” Gabriel added.
Everyone laughed. “How will you manage that?” Vergil asked.
“Watch for our flag, and The Army that stands behind it,” Gabriel said.
“Look to the skies, and the shadow that we will cast upon you,” I said.
“We gave you true freedom. Freedom to do anything you wanted, and you spat in our faces,” Vergil said.
“You’re a damn fool if you think what you have created is true freedom,” Gabriel said.
“Enough of this!” Pollick screamed and fired.
Gabriel stumbled back, and began to fall.
“GABR…!” I screamed and tried to catch him, but another shot was fired and I felt the bullet tear into my back. I fell to my knees, and Gabriel fell on his back. Gasping, and using all my strength, I crawled to his side. His breathing was spluttered and fast. I picked up his body and rested it in my lap. He looked up at me and smiled. I tried to smile, but the pain seared through my body.
“What do you want to do before you die?” I choked.
He looked passed me, into the sky, and said, “To see the sun, one more time.”
I turned around, and looked up. The clouds moved fast, and the sun appeared from the heavens. I looked back down to Gabriel, who was smiling.
“It doesn’t hurt so much anymore,” he croaked.
Then he asked, “What do you want to do before you die?”
I looked at Gabriel and said, “I want to make sure, I’m standing at my brother’s side when I do.”
Tears formed in his eyes as I could feel the life leave his body. He grabbed the back of my head, and brought my forehead to his. “Forever and always,” he said.
I picked him up, slowly bringing him to his feet, as I got to mine. I stood at his side, proud of where I am. Vergil and Pollick walked up to us—taking aim.
“Paul.” Gabriel said from my side.
“Yes Gabriel?”
“Thank you,” he said and he fell backward just before the trigger was pulled.
Various explosions erupt throughout the stadium and nearly turn it into a firestorm. The edges of the stadium began to collapse and the soldiers scurried about like a bunch of ants whose mound were compromised. As I watched this going on, I notice I can’t hear anything. I stare off in a trance and watch as everything falls in silence. Soldiers dying, faction members appearing at the stadium entrance, everyone is shooting…but I can only see it. I peer down to look at my dead brother’s body and I fall to my knees. I begin to speak to him as I slowly bring his body on my lap.
“C’mon Gabriel…get up,” I tell him. “You always get up…get up.” Then I feel my body shake as I cough blood on his face. Even though his eyes were closed, I could feel him staring at me.
“This is like those moments in your life when you go through copious amounts of pain, and you remember it forever. You will remember it whenever you see a similar setting. You will remember it when you get shot again. You will remember it whenever you see Pollick and Vergil again…” Bullets and explosion continued to bombard our immediate area, but I do not flinch. “You will remember this Gabriel.  For the rest of your life…you will remember this.”
He did not respond.
I look up and a wall of familiar faces stares back at me. Tears streamed down their faces. I stare up into the darkened sky. Blackness surrounds my sight and I welcome the oblivion.
Anna
I turned off the video just before I see Paul fall against his brother’s body. I threw the remote at the television, and realized tears were coursing down my face. I can’t show this to the students and keep it together.
“I need some fresh air,” I said to myself and walked out of my office and out of the building. I mindlessly walked—letting my feet carry me to wherever they led.
I stopped in front of the stadium—the site of infamy.
I walked onto the field to see an old man standing by the south end goal post.
“Still come out here from time to time?” I asked him when I approached.
“Same time, every day,” he said. He looked at me, smiling but then frowned when he caught wind of my red, tear-filled, eyes.
“You can’t do this to yourself,” he said, wiping a single tear from my cheek. I just stared out to the field.
“We did what they did so you wouldn’t have to shed anymore tears,” he reassured.
“I wish I knew him like you did dad,” I sobbed. He wrapped his massive arm around my shoulders.
“You do know him,” he said and I looked at him confused. “You may look exactly like your mother, and your personality is just like mine. But in a lot of ways, you’re just like he was. Before he started to lose it, that is.” I felt a sense of pride run through me. “He was one of a kind…they both were,” he added.
We stared out, in silence. The moonlight beamed down from the sky as clouds shifted out of sight.
“Why do you come out here?” I asked him.
He sighed, a long and deep sigh, and said, “It never fails to give me a sense of hope.” He smiled at me and held out his arm. I wrapped mine around his.
“Let’s go catch a movie,” he insisted.
“Yes. There’s that new movie out, Batman. I want to see that,” I proposed.
“You know that’s a remake,” he stated. “It was actually remade…several times.”
“Really? Well it looks good.”
Paul
The room was empty for several hours. Nobody knew I was awake. But I did not care. I stared at the ceiling as I lay on the uncomfortable cot. I replayed the last scenes and continued to debate whether they were real or not. I expected him to walk through the tent to greet me and call me a pussy for being unconscious for so long. But I knew that was not going to happen. He would be sitting at my bed side if he was still alive…but he wasn’t. The lone chair that stood next to me was empty. Whenever I thought about him, I was close to tears.
Someone slowly walked to the tent and shuffled to the chair. “Everyone is going to be excited to hear you’re still alive,” Chris sighed with relief.
I didn’t say anything. I continued to stare at the ceiling. I was determined to stay put until he came into the tent.
“What now…?” Chris asked.
I continued to stare.
“Most of the soldiers escaped,” he said. “Including Pollick and Vergil.”
A surge of pain rang through my soul. This…feeling…it echoed throughout my every thought and every molecule in my body. I gritted my teeth as it progressed.
Several minutes had passed before Chris spoke again. “Are you going to keep fighting?”
Through a clenched jaw, I managed to respond, “Forever and always.”
