
FIVE SHADES OF FANTASY
Presented by W.J. May
Smashwords edition
Copyright © 2013 W.J. May
Copyright © 2013 W.J. May
All rights reserved.
Published by W.J. May
This eBook is licensed for your enjoyment only. It may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this with others, please purchase additional copies for each individual. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or if it was not purchased for your use only, please return it to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Five Shades of Fantasy
A star-studded anthology of thrilling, action packed, and totally swoon worthy first books from five different fantasy series by your favorite female authors.

Facebook Fan Page is here:
https://www.facebook.com/pages/Five-Shades-of-Fantasy-Author-Page/651213318222721

5 thrilling full length fantasy/romance novels in one volume - 5 sexy heroes 5 strong heroines All for FREE!

5 bestselling novels by 5 bestselling authors with a bonus excerpt bring you Five Shades of Fantasy. This is five complete novels from some of today's most exciting authors. Each shade is a different genre of the fantasy and romance you love the most.

A star-studded anthology of thrilling, action-packed and totally swoon-worthy first books from five different fantasy series by your favorite female authors.

Shade 1 - YA Fantasy with Paranormal Powers Blurb: What if you fall in love with the one person you are destined to kill? Ignite by bestselling author Kaitlyn Davis.

Shade 2 - YA Paranormal Romance Blurb: lurks in the dead of night... Blur by bestselling author Kristen Middleton (who hit #4 as a ranked author in horror).

Shade 3 – YA Fantasy with Paranormal Powers Blurb: The sins of the father are the sins of the son, or in this case the daughter. Rae of Hope by bestselling author WJ May

Shade 4 - New Adult Urban Fantasy Romance Blurb: Fire, Water, Air and Earth. Nothing could stop her from changing. Element by bestselling author CM Doporto

Shade 5 – Paranormal romance and fantasy adventure. Blurb: Never marry a stranger...even if he is a drop-dead gorgeous immortal king. Never pretend to be a princess. Eternal Vows by bestselling author Chrissy Peebles of more than ten novels including the popular series The Zombie Chronicles.

Bonus excerpt Keeper from ABNA’s award winning quarter semifinalist Tiffany Evans

Kristen Middleton – Blur (Night Roamers)







Copyedited by:
Carolyn M. Pinard

www.thesupernaturalbookeditor.com

Cover Design – A collaboration by
Mae I Design and Emma Michaels
www.maeidesign.com
www.Emma Michaels.com





To:

Dave, Cassie, and Allie

Your love inspires me…


Prologue

“Mom left the door unlocked,” I hollered at my twin brother as he slammed the door to his ’67 Mustang. It was the last day of eleventh grade, and we’d stopped off for burgers and malts at Grannie’s Diner with some friends to celebrate after school. Nathan and I were officially seniors and neither of us could wipe the grins from our faces.
“That’s weird,” he said, brushing a hand through his sandy-brown hair. “You know how she’s always nagging us about doing it.”
I grinned and held the door open for him. “I’m certainly not going to let her live this one down.”
Mom was married to a cop once, my father, and he’d drilled into her head how important it was to keep the doors locked, even when you’re home.
Nathan followed me into the kitchen and opened the refrigerator.
“Oh, my God,” I teased him. “How can you still be hungry after eating that monster burger and malt?”
He flexed a muscle. “I’m growing,” he said. “Just ‘cause you’re a skinny little twerp doesn’t mean everyone else has to eat like a bird.”
I walked over and punched him in the arm. “Very funny.”
He smiled and raised the milk carton to take a swig when we both heard it.
“What’s that?” I whispered.
He slammed down the milk and rushed out of the kitchen.
“Nathan?” I yelled, chasing him upstairs. The sobs were coming from somewhere in the upper level of the house and my stomach twisted in horror.
Mom?
“Oh, my God,” he choked, entering her dark bedroom. She was lying naked on the floor next to the bed, her face swollen and bleeding, her body badly bruised.
We rushed to her side and she cracked open one of her black eyes. “Call the police,” she mumbled, barely coherent.
I started to cry as I grabbed the phone and dialed nine-one-one. I don’t even remember talking to the person who’d answered. All I know is that I was blubbering and she was trying to console me with the fact that help was coming.
I hung up and stared at my broken mother in shock, feeling helpless and frightened. Thankfully, Nathan handled stress much better than I did.
He grabbed a comforter and covered her gently. “Mom, what happened?” he asked, pushing her dark bangs away from her eyes.
The shame on her face was heart-wrenching and I pretty much knew by her appearance what had happened. She’d obviously been beaten and raped.
I brushed the tears from my face, kneeled down next to her, and lightly touched her hand. “The police and ambulance are on their way.”
She nodded and closed her eyes.
“Mom?” prodded Nathan. “What happened?”
“Nathan, think about it,” I whispered. “She’s been raped.”
His lips trembled as he searched her face. “Mom, some stranger broke in here and… did this?”
She opened her eyes and stared at both of us for a few seconds. “No… no stranger,” she whispered hoarsely. “It was your father.”

Chapter One

“Are we almost there?” I asked, staring through my sunglasses at the endless rows of cornfields. We’d been driving for hours through the countryside and I could no longer tell the difference from one town to the next. More than anything, I just wanted to get out of the car and stretch my legs, which were starting to tingle in an uncomfortable way.
Mom cleared her throat. “Pretty soon.”
Nathan was following us in his Mustang and I glanced back to see him talking on his cell phone once again.
“Oh, Lord,” I said, leaning my head back against the headrest. “He must be talking to Deanna for the tenth time. She just won’t get over the fact that we’re really moving.”
Mom tightened her hands on the steering wheel and glanced at me. “I’m sorry about this. I’m just so sorry… about everything.”
I groaned. “Mom, for crying out loud, it’s not your fault. I can’t even believe you’re feeling guilty about it. I mean, nobody had any idea that he could be so violent.”
It had been less than three months since my father had brutally attacked my mother. They’d been separated for the last couple of years because of his sporadic temper tantrums, along with his inability to stop screwing other women. When my mother had finally gotten up the nerve to leave him, surprisingly, he’d actually been pretty civil about it. Then, when he’d found out she’d moved on emotionally and started dating again, he’d went off in a jealous rage, striking back at her viciously. We were all still stunned about the horrifying ordeal.
“I just wish they could locate him,” she said, staring straight ahead. “He’s… crazy.”
I nodded. I was so ashamed, that any thoughts of him made me physically ill. It was still really hard to believe that my own father was capable of being so violent, especially since he’d been a cop and responsible for keeping people safe. After the attack, he’d disappeared, and my poor mother had spent several nights in the hospital recovering. When she finally came home, she wasn’t able to sleep at night without drugs, terrified that he’d show up and beat her again. Then, just recently, she’d been given a gift; a way out. Her employer offered her an accounting job in Montana and that’s where all three of us were now headed; to start a new life.
“I think it’s good that Nathan’s getting away from Deanna anyway,” I said, staring in dismay at my short, stubbly nails. Not that they’d been perfect before, but all of the packing and cleaning had taken its toll. “She’s so whiny and annoying.”
Mom smiled wryly. “Now, Nikki, you haven’t liked any of Nathan’s girlfriends.”
“It’s not my fault he attracts the psycho ones.”
She burst out laughing and I smiled, enjoying a sound that was finally finding its way back into our lives again.
“God, you’re awful,” she said, shaking her head in amusement.
I snorted. “Oh, come on. You know I’m right.”
She grabbed her Ray-Bans from the center column and plopped them onto her nose. “Yeah, he’s a little too young to be tied down to just one girl. So if you ask me, this move will be healthy for the both of them.”
“Oh, I’m sure Deanna will find someone else by next week anyway.” I made a face. “She’s so freaken needy.”
“You really don’t like her, do you?”
I shrugged.
Deep down, I knew I wasn’t being totally fair, because the truth was, I was a little jealous. My brother and I had always been very close, especially living in such a dysfunctional family environment. My earliest memories were of my parents screaming and fighting, especially during the holidays. So, we’d weathered the storms together. In fact, for all of our lives, we’d been best friends; sharing and doing everything together. That is, until the tenth grade, when he’d discovered boobs, I mean girls. Of course I’d discovered boys as well; I’d discovered that most of them in my school were crude, boring, or just plain boobs.
“So, mom,” I said, changing a subject in which, I had to admit, left me feeling a little guilty. “What were you saying about this place we’re renting?”
She grinned. “I guess it’s just beautiful. It’s a cabin on Shore Lake that’s been on the market for some time. The owners are related to Ernie, and because of our circumstances; they’re letting us stay there relatively cheap.”
Ernie was my mom’s boss; a really nice old man who’s been very supportive. He’s been like a father-figure to her, which is good because both of her parents passed away several years ago, and aside from us, she doesn’t have anyone else.
“A cabin sounds really cool. Do they happen to have a boat?”
“Yes, actually, and Ernie says he’s caught hundreds of fish on the lake, so we’ve got to check it out. I’m really excited about staying there. Honey, are you okay?”
“Something in my eye,” I muttered as I pulled down the visor. I blinked until I finally got the eyelash out.
I touched my long, unruly hair and frowned. It had been almost six months since I’d last had it cut; now it was down to my lower back and I was constantly fighting snarls. “Jeez, I could really use a haircut.”
She put a hand on my shoulder and squeezed. “Don’t worry, honey. We’ll get you one before school starts. Once I get some extra money, you know?”
“Sure.”
I bit my lower lip and examined my reflection. Sandy brown hair, light blue eyes, and a pug nose. I’d always considered myself average looking, even though my mom said I looked exactly like her when she was growing up, and she turned out to be attractive. In fact, most of Nathan’s friends said she was a hot MILF, which was pretty gross, but I guess that meant there was still hope for me.
I closed the visor and leaned my head back against the seat. “I wonder what the school is like.”
I was definitely a little nervous about going to a new school, although, truthfully, I knew I wouldn’t particularly miss the old one much. In fact, you could say I was sort of a loner. Sure, there were a couple of girls I’d hung out with back home occasionally, but I preferred to be alone most of the time, or hanging out with Nathan.
“Ernie didn’t say much, but honestly, I don’t expect him to know. He’s in his seventies and never had children.”
“I’m sure it will be fine.”
I really didn’t want my mom to worry about me. She was the one who needed the extra support from us and I wasn’t about to make her feel any more guilty about moving than she already did.
She slapped her fingers on the steering wheel. “Oh, I forgot to tell you, they have a computer, so you can surf the Internet.”
“Really? That’s cool,” I smiled. Although we used computers at school and my mom had her own laptop, I’d been nagging her forever about getting me one of my own.
“Yes, but you’ll have to share it with your brother. I’d let you guys use mine, but…”
I smirked. “I know, you have too many important files and you don’t want anything happening to your computer.”
“Now you have one to use,” she answered. “And I won’t have to listen to you two badger me about it, anymore.”
“At least I can download books from the library,” I replied. “We’ll be in the middle of nowhere out here and I’ll need something to do.”
“Oh, I’m sure you’ll find plenty of things to do. Wait until you start school and meet some new friends. Or,” her face lit up, “maybe even some cute boys.”
I rolled my eyes. “Right. I doubt very much that’s going to happen.”
“Why in Heaven’s name would you say that? You’re a very pretty girl, Nikki. Don’t sell yourself short.”
The truth was, I couldn’t care less about meeting anyone at the moment. Most of the girls at my old school had been constantly stressed out because of their immature boyfriends and I wasn’t about to go down that road, especially in my last year of high school. “It doesn’t matter.”
She frowned. “Sure it does. You’ll want to go to all the dances, and then there’s the prom. You don’t want to miss out on all the fun. You’ll regret it later.”
“Didn’t you go with dad to the prom?” I asked, then immediately felt rotten when I saw the bitterness reflected in her eyes.
“I did,” she said slowly. “But, he wasn’t always so… volatile. And, really, he’s among the very few out there like that. You know, Nikki, you can’t be afraid of the world because your dad has some issues.”
Yeah, but weren’t we running because she was still very much afraid?
Of course, I didn’t dare mention that. Instead, I just changed the subject.
“So, how much farther of a drive do we have, mom?” I asked, noticing the mountains coming up in the distance.
“Oh, just a couple more hours,” she replied, plugging in her iPod. Seconds later, Adele, began to sing about Rumors.
I stretched my arms and yawned.
“Honey,” she said, lowering her sunglasses, “you look beat; why don’t you try and get some rest? I’ll wake you when we get there.”
“Okay,” I said, closing my eyes. “Maybe I’ll just take a little nap.”

~~~

“Why not, mom? I just don’t understand,” protested Nathan.
She sighed. “Can we please talk about Deanna later?”
I woke up to the sound of mom and Nathan arguing. We were parked by a small grocery store and he was standing outside of her window, pouting.
“Oh God, not now,” I mumbled. It was getting dark and we’d missed dinner and my stomach was protesting. I was cranky, and the last thing I needed was to hear any more drama about Deanna.
“Can’t she just come for a week before school starts?” said Nathan. “She’s having a rough time with her parents, and now that I’m gone, things have gotten even worse. It’s not fair for her.”
She shook her head. “No, we have too much to do with unpacking and getting ready for school. Maybe she can come and visit sometime after it starts for a weekend.”
“This is all bullshit,” he snapped, backing up from the window. He raised his hands in exasperation. “We could have stayed home. I would’ve protected you. Now we’re forced to move, and you didn’t even give me a chance.”
“Nathan!” I gasped. “You are the one not being fair. Mom’s been through so much and you’re just mad because you can’t see Deanna whenever you want. God, you’re being an asshole.”
His face turned red and he opened up his mouth to retaliate when mom quickly interrupted.
“Okay, let’s all settle down. Quit pointing fingers at each other, and Nikki, watch your mouth.”
“Sorry,” I mumbled.
“Listen, it isn’t either of your faults, okay? And, Nathan,” she said, smiling sadly, “I’m grateful that you want to protect me, but you can’t possibly follow me around twenty-four hours a day, nor do I expect you to be my personal bodyguard. Now, as far as Deanna goes, we’ll talk about it later. Comprende?”
He nodded but was still sulking and I could tell that this conversation was far from over.
She noticed it as well and rubbed her forehead in frustration. “Okay, let’s get the things we need in the grocery store before it gets dark. I don’t want to get lost while searching for this cabin.”
“Let’s go,” I said, opening my door.
Nathan followed us into the store, still moping.
“Nathan, would you please cheer up?” she pleaded when we were in the frozen pizza section and he refused to pick out food.
“Yeah,” I said. “Don’t ruin our first night here because of a girl who’s probably lining up her next soul-mate as we speak.”
“Would you just shut-up?” he snapped. “You’re just jealous because you didn’t leave anyone behind that mattered.”
I took a step towards him. “Excuse me? Jealous!?”
“Stop it!” hissed mom, getting into both of our faces. “We’re in public and you’re both acting… ridiculous. Now, I’m sorry that we had to move, I really am. But we’re here now and there’s no turning back. So get it together, or I swear to God, I won’t buy any ice cream.”
Nathan raised his hands in the air. “Okay, mom, just settle down. We can talk about this, no need to bring ice cream into the equation. That’s cruel.”
She smirked. “That’s what I thought.” She then turned to me. “What about you? Are you going to lay off Deanna, who isn’t even here to defend herself?”
“Fine,” I replied tightly. “As long as he stops talking about her every five minutes.”
“Whatever,” he replied, shaking his head.
She closed her eyes and rubbed the bridge of her nose. “You know, maybe this was a mistake, I don’t know.” She opened her eyes. “But, what’s done is done, and we have to make the best of it. So, please, quit arguing and let’s try to make the best of this. Okay?”
We both agreed, but avoided eye contact.
“Okay,” she said, smiling again. “Now, let’s finish this up and find the cabin. I think you’re going to really like living out here if you just give it a chance. I mean, come on, you have to admit – the scenery is beautiful.”
“California was beautiful too,” replied Nathan, grabbing a stack of pizzas from the freezer. “I’m just saying…”
She rolled her eyes. “Seriously?”
He put the pizzas in the cart. “Okay, fine, I’ll admit that it’s different here – the fresh air, the mountains, all of the greenness. I guess it’s cool.”
“Thank you. Now, let’s grab some Hot Pockets and Pizza Rolls,” she said, staring at the case.
I grimaced. “Hot Pockets?”
She motioned her thumb at Nathan. “We need to keep him fed. Those are quick and easy.”
It was true, he was always hungry, and once his blood sugar began to drop, grumpier than all hell. Our dad’s family was prone to Diabetes and mom predicted we’d both end up getting it someday.
I opened the glass door and began sorting through the Hot Pockets with Nathan directing. Forty-five minutes later, the entire cart was full and Deanna was temporarily forgotten.
“That will be two-hundred-and-forty dollars,” said the cashier, snapping her gum.
Mom handed the young woman her credit card while the cashier appraised Nathan as he bagged the groceries. When he finished, she smiled. “Thanks. You didn’t have to do that, you know. It’s my job.”
“That’s okay. I don’t mind.”
“You guys just move here?” she asked, twirling a piece of her blonde hair around her index finger.
I refrained from rolling my eyes.
“We did,” smiled my mother. “Just today, in fact.”
“Cool,” replied the girl, still staring at him like he was a pair of designer jeans that she couldn’t possibly live without. “See you around.”
“Yeah,” replied Nathan as he began to push the grocery cart outside without a backwards glance.
Mom and I looked at each other in amusement. Sometimes men were so clueless.
“Let’s put the groceries in your car, Nathan,” said mom as we stepped back outside. “Mine is too full already.”
“Okay,” he replied, veering towards his vehicle.
As we were trying to stuff the food into the back of Nathan’s Mustang, a soft voice greeted us. “Hi. You must be new in town?”
We all turned around to see a striking redhead getting out of a tall Chevy pickup. She wore a miniscule white sundress, which showed off her toned legs, and dark sunglasses, which I thought was a little odd, considering it was dusk.
Nathan’s blue eyes lit up and he grinned. “Yeah, we just pulled into town.”
She removed her sunglasses and smiled back. “I hope you enjoy it here. It’s quaint, but there are lots of things to do, especially after dark.”
Her teeth were pearly white and her hair was a mass of shiny curls. She dropped her keys, and after she bent to retrieve them, tossed her hair back over her shoulder. It was a simple thing, but it had an immediate effect on Nathan. Truthfully, I didn’t think anybody should be that gorgeous.
Before my mother or I could get in a word, Nathan spoke up in a surprisingly deeper voice. “Thanks for the info. Maybe we’ll run into each other sometime.”
“Maybe. It was really nice meeting you,” she replied, clearly directing it towards Nathan, who looked like he’d all but forgotten about Deanna. Then she sashayed into the store like a runway model while we all stared.
“Wow,” I smirked, turning towards my brother. “You can reel your tongue back in now.”
“What do you mean?”
I snorted. “Oh, come on, Nathan.”
He smiled innocently. “There’s nothing wrong with being friendly to strangers, especially when they look like that.”
“I think the feeling was mutual,” replied mom, looking at me. “That smile she gave him was enough to light up the entire town.”
“How can she resist?” he said cockily. “Heck, I’ll bet that I’m the best thing that’s ever walked into this town.”
I rolled my eyes. “Oh, Lord. Here we go.”
He flexed left arm muscle. “Oh, come on, you know I’m right.”
“I certainly do,” said mom, leaning over to kiss his cheek.
“Yeah, and mom’s biased,” I replied. “Don’t let it go to your head.”
He ignored me and started packing more groceries into the back of his trunk. “Let’s get the rest of this stuff loaded quickly,” he said, glancing up towards the sky, which was growing darker. “I’m starving and it’s getting late.”
“Me too,” I replied, handing him another bag of groceries.
When we had everything in the trunk, Mom gave Nathan the directions to the cabin, which was a few miles past town, and this time, he led the way.
“Finally,” I said, putting on my seatbelt as she pulled out of the parking lot. “I just want to get there already.”
“Won’t be long now.”
Darkness came very quickly, and in a small town without many lights along the roads, it was a little creepy.
“It’s a bitch driving when you don’t know exactly where you’re going in the dark,” said mom, frowning. “I think the turnoff is coming up in another few miles or so. I hope Nathan catches it in time and doesn’t overshoot it.”
“Knowing him, he probably will,” I answered with a smirk, “especially, if he’s on the phone with Deanna again.”
“He seemed to forget about her when that redhead made an appearance.”
“Thank God, although, she’s probably worse than Deanna.”
“Let’s hope not.”
I stared at her in shock. “See, you weren’t crazy about her either!”
She turned down the radio. “Are you kidding me?” she groaned, scowling into the rear-view mirror.
I turned to see the flashing lights from a police car. “What, were you speeding or something?”
She pulled over to the side of the road. “No, you know me, I never speed.”
It was true, my mother was an annoyingly slow driver and Nathan was always giving her crap about it. Even grandmothers passed her on the roadway.
Mom rolled down the window as the police officer approached her. She immediately handed him her driver’s license and insurance information. “I’m sorry, officer… was I speeding?”
My brother had noticed the cop, too, and pulled over ahead of us, waiting. He’d sent me a text message, wondering what was happening. I’d sent him one back, explaining that I wasn’t really sure, yet.
“No, but you do have a taillight out,” he replied with an easy smile.
My eyes widened as I stared at his mouth. What’s with this town and their unnaturally white teeth?
“Oh, no, really?” she answered, biting her lower lip. “Oh, man, I’m sorry. It must have just went out.”
“Yes. Anne Gerard… you must be new in town?” he asked, studying her license.
She smiled. “We are, in fact,” she pointed towards me, “this is my daughter, Nikki, and that’s my son, Nathan, ahead of us in the Mustang.”
He glanced down at her left hand, which no longer had a wedding ring, and his smile broadened.
“Ladies, I’m Sherriff Caleb Smith. Welcome to Shore Lake,” he answered, giving her back her license.
Was it me or did he actually puff out his chest a little before he leaned back down and handed it back?
“Thank you,” answered my mom with a silly grin on her face. She definitely noticed the puff.
“Since you have such a lovely smile and you’re new in town, I’m just going to give you a warning. Make sure that you take care of it as soon as you can, though. Next time I might not be so easy on you.”
Mom smiled wider than ever. “I will, thank you, officer.”
He tipped his hat. “My friends call me Caleb. Drive safely now.”
“Wow,” said mom after she’d rolled up her window. “Did you see that man’s eyes? They were an amazing shade of violet. I don’t think I’ve ever seen anyone with that color of eyes. No wedding ring, either.”
I stared at her in disbelief. “Oh, my God mom, we just got into town!”
“Yeah, but I agree with Nathan that there’s nothing wrong with making new friends; especially friends who are in law enforcement,” she replied with a straight face.
“Well, I guess,” I answered, staring into the darkness. Obviously, she was beginning to get a handle on her fears and I should have been relieved, but instead, it only made me… uneasy.

Chapter Two

When we finally made it to the cabin, my jaw literally dropped.
“What do you think?” asked mom as she parked the car next to Nathan’s.
“Wow. It’s amazing,” I replied, opening the car door. “Are you sure this is the right place?”
“It is. I saw pictures but wanted to surprise you,” she said, getting out of the car.
This was no average lakeside cabin; it looked like something you’d see on a “Top Ten List” of some luxurious getaways.
“This must be worth millions. I can’t believe we’re staying here,” I said, unable to wipe the grin from my face. I felt like someone had just shouted “Move that bus!” and we were looking at our new dream home.
“Yes, it’s quite extraordinary,” she said, staring up at the cabin. “I’m still in shock that we get to stay here, too. Ernie is a lifesaver.”
“He’s more like Santa Claus,” I replied, feeling giddy. I couldn’t wait to check out the inside. It was possible that Shore Lake wasn’t going to suck quite as much as I thought.
She reached back into the car and pulled out her cell phone. “I’d better call him once we’ve unpacked the groceries. Let him know we’ve made it and how thrilled we are.” Her eyes became misty. “You know, I just can’t thank him enough for everything he’s done.”
I agreed with her there. This place was beyond words. Heck, everything about it screamed money, too, from the expensive cedar wood frame to the thick-plated enormous glass windows; it reminded me of a mountainside chateau in Europe.
“Impressive, huh?” she said.
“Yeah.”
Especially with its two-tiered deck that someone had built on north side of the cabin, and a massive porch that wrapped around the entire main floor. There was even a gazebo with a hot tub next to a courtyard which contained a large grill and several pieces of outdoor furniture for entertaining. Unfortunately, we had nobody to entertain.
“Wow,” said Nathan as he got out of the car and walked over to us. He was also staring in amazement at the cabin. “How in the world did you score such an awesome place?”
Mom smiled. “Ernie.”
“Look, there’s the boathouse.” I pointed down towards the lake. Even that place looked like it was larger than some of the homes in our old neighborhood.
“Cool,” said Nathan, nodding in approval. “I hope the weather is nice tomorrow, so that we can take the boat out,” he started walking towards the dock. “I wonder what kind of boat they have?”
“Check later,” said mom, grabbing her purse. “We need to get this stuff inside.”
He sighed and turned around. “Okay. It’s probably too dark to see anything now anyway.”
She took the keys out of her purse and began walking towards the cabin. “You know, I’m really surprised that there isn’t some kind of alarm on the cabin. I mean, this place is vacant most of the time.” She sighed. “I hope when we get inside, nothing is missing.”
“Everyone must trust each other in these parts,” I said, following her up the steps to the front door.
“Apparently,” she answered, putting the key into the lock. When we stepped inside, she flipped on the lights and my breath caught in my throat.
“Wow…” said Nathan. “This place is… tight.”
“It’s amazing,” she said, taking a step back. “I’m just, speechless.”
“Can we step inside of the doorway, people?” I said, swatting at a mosquito. “Before the bugs enter before we do?”
“Oh, sorry,” she chuckled.
We entered what had to be called the “great room.” It was enormous and had a large soapstone fireplace with a bearskin rug lying near it, which was kind of hokey to me but it certainly added to the affect. Plush burgundy colored leather furniture with hand-carved wooden end tables sat across from the fireplace, and I imagined myself in the chair-and-a-half, reading a book next to a crackling fire.
“Wow, I just love those light fixtures,” gushed mom, staring at the dozens of rustic chandeliers that made the place glow with warmth. She walked over to a row of intricately carved shelves and touched the amber colored wood. “And all of this lovely hand-carved woodwork, the leather furniture, and… oh God, what isn’t there to love about this place? Next time I see Ernie, I’m going to plant a huge kiss on his little bald head.”
“You should,” said Nathan. He raised his voice a few octaves and put a hand on his hip. “And give him a big sloppy one from me, too.”
“Oh, so you’re finally warming up to us being here?” she asked.
He grinned. “Mom, seriously, if you’re happy, then I’m happy.”
She walked over to Nathan and threw her arms around him. “I swear, I have the two best kids in the world.”
“Love you, too, mom,” he answered, patting her gently on the back. “And don’t worry, everything will work out. Even… even with Deanna. Seriously.”
“Good, I’m glad you feel that way,” she replied, releasing him. “I just want everything to work out for you and your sister.”
“Don’t worry. I’m sure it will,” he replied.
“Guys, I’m going to check out the upstairs,” I said, climbing the staircase, two steps at a time. I could barely contain my excitement now that I knew we were actually staying at such a glamorous place.
“Pick out a bedroom!” she called as I made it to the top of the stairs. “I don’t care which; I hear they’re all pretty nice.”
“Will do!” I hollered back.
There were several bedrooms on the upper level, all spacious and each having their own bathroom. I chose one with a queen-sized pillow-top bed and a small balcony with an awesome view of the lake.
“So, what do you think?” asked my mom from the doorway, a few minutes later.
“Oh, my God, I love it!” I squealed. “I feel like we’re on vacation somewhere. I wish we could stay here forever.”
“I know, it’s pretty breathtaking. I don’t know about this one, but my bedroom has its own Jacuzzi and a closet so big, I could park the car in it. I’m going to check out yours.”
While she did that, I walked over to the balcony door and opened it, enjoying the cool air on my cheek. It was dark outside, but the reflection of the moon on the water made the lake seem so peaceful. I imagined myself lying on some kind of canoe or boat, staring up at the moon with the waves rocking me to sleep. “I just can’t believe this place. If we’re dreaming, I never want to wake up.”
She stepped next to me and linked her arm through mine. “Don’t worry, it’s real.”
My stomach began to growl and I patted it. “I don’t know about you, but I’m starving.”
“Yeah, I’m getting there myself. Let’s go see if Nathan did what I asked and brought the groceries inside. I’ll make us something to eat.”
“Okay.”
We went back downstairs and I helped mom put the rest of the groceries away in the fridge, which actually looked like the wooden cupboards surrounding it.
She took out a frying pan from one of the boxes in the kitchen and smiled. “Who wants homemade sliders? It might be ghetto here, but I’m not about to give those up.”
“Yeah, I’ll take as many as you can make,” replied Nathan as he entered the kitchen. “I’m going to pass out if I don’t get something to eat soon.”
“I’m surprised you’re still walking,” I said.
“Me too,” he said, opening up the refrigerator. He grabbed a jar of pickles and untwisted the cap. Before he could get his fingers inside of the jar, mom stopped him.
“Here,” she said, handing him a fork. “Don’t use your fingers.”
He grinned sheepishly. “Oh, thanks.”
“So,” she said as she began preparing dinner, “is this place incredible or what?”
“Not too shabby,” said Nathan between bites of his pickle. “And it’s so quiet, I feel like we’re in the middle of nowhere.”
Mom nodded. “The next cabin is just a hop, skip, and a jump from here, but you’d never know it’s so peaceful.”
“Yeah, you did good, mom,” I said, cutting the onions for our burgers. “I just can’t wait until tomorrow when we get to see it all in the daylight.”
Nathan nodded. “Yeah, I’d really like to take the boat out on the lake tomorrow, if that’s okay?”
“Sure,” she answered
He wiped his hands on his jeans. “Sweet.”
She opened the fridge and grabbed the cheese. “I think that would be good for all of us to get out on that lake. I haven’t been able to work on my tan all summer.”
I snorted; my mom was as white as a ghost and typically burned and peeled, but never really tanned. My brother and I were the opposite, fortunately, even though you’d never know it this year. I just hadn’t had the time to get any sun, especially after the “incident.”
After dinner, I helped her with the dishes and then decided to check out the whirlpool tub in my bathroom.
“I’m taking a long, relaxing bath and then going to bed,” I said as we neared the staircase. It had been a long drive and I was so exhausted, I didn’t even feel like unpacking anything just yet.
“Okay,” she replied, kissing the top of my head. “I’ll see you in the morning.”
A moving company had dropped off our belongings earlier in the day and I found some of my own boxes very quickly. After carrying them to my room, I grabbed a towel and the fluffy white robe my mom had given me for Christmas last year. As I was about to walk into my bathroom to start the tub, there was a soft knock.
“Yeah?”
My brother opened the door. “Hey, I’m sorry about snapping at you earlier. You were right,” he said with a sheepish grin. “I was being a little bit of an asshole.”
“Don’t worry, I’m used to it.”
He folded his arms across his chest. “You were kind of a bitch too, you know.”
I gasped. “I’ll show you bitch,” I replied, throwing my hairbrush at him. It missed and hit the wall next to the door.
“Better work on your aim,” he replied with a smirk.
I picked up my curling iron and raised it in the air. “Leave before I give you ringlets! I swear to God, I’ll make you pretty!”
He brushed his bangs away from his eyes. “Can you include a bow? I’d look even prettier with a bow.”
I broke down and started laughing. “You are such a freak.”
“No need to be jealous. You’re my twin and kind of a freak, too.”
“Lucky me.”
He smiled. “Night, Nik. I’ll see you in the morning.”
“Okay, goodnight.”
After he left, I grabbed my things and stepped into the black and white marbled bathroom, locking the door behind me. When I turned back around, I smiled.
Amazing.
There was even a large panoramic window surrounding the Jacuzzi with a view of the lake. Although it was dark and I couldn’t see much of anything outside, I imagined during the day, it was incredible.
I walked over to the large square tub and turned on the water. I sat on the edge and watched it rise slowly, wondering how many gallons I’d be using before it covered the jets entirely. It was enormous, even larger than the pool we’d had as kids. Hell, the entire bathroom was fit for a celebrity and I was going to use it for the next year or two? I decided to kiss Ernie myself the next time I saw him.
I stood back up and opened the new vanilla-scented spa bath gift set my mom had given me. I then lit the candle that came with it and placed it near the tub. When the water was high enough, I pulled my hair back into a ponytail, turned off the lights, and removed my shirt and jeans.
“Oh, yeah, now that’s what I’m talking about,” I whispered, groaning in pleasure as I sunk into the warm bath. I laid my head against the bath pillow and closed my eyes. I imagined it couldn’t possibly get any better, but then remembered I’d forgotten my iPod. If this was Heaven, then listening to the music could only take me to another level of bliss.
As I stood up to grab a towel, my eyes were drawn towards a movement near the right side of the window that I was now facing. My heart stopped as a set of fiery-red eyes stared back at me. When I finally found my voice, I screamed in horror, and whatever it was, quickly shot away.
“Mom!” I shrieked, trying not to slip on the wet floor. I grabbed my robe and skidded out of the bathroom as quickly as possible.
“What is it?” she cried, bursting through the door, also wearing her yellow terrycloth robe.
Trembling, I pointed towards the bathroom. “Mom,” I choked, “someone was watching me in the window! They saw me naked!”
Her eyes widened and she reached for the softball bat sticking out of one of my boxes. With my heart pounding in my chest, I followed her into the bathroom, half expecting someone to jump out of the shadows. She kept the light switch off and moved towards the window.
“Do you see anything?” I whispered over her shoulder.
Sighing, she turned to me and lowered the bat. “No.”
I looked back towards the darkness, and a shiver ran down my spine. I turned back to her. “Are you sure?”
Her forehead wrinkled. “Yes, I’m sure. I also don’t see how anyone could be watching you from this height, Nikki.”
“Mom, something was watching me. I’m not lying.”
She touched my cheek. “Baby, it’s been a long day and we’re in the middle of the woods. You probably saw a bird flying by – or maybe even a bat. Don’t be frightened.”
My bedroom was several feet from the ground, and truthfully, I really wasn’t sure what I’d seen. Obviously, it had to be some kind of animal. “I guess that’s possible.”
She held out a hand to me. “Come here and see for yourself. Look how far up we really are.”
Of course, when I looked back outside, common sense told me that we were too high for any person to be looking in.
I closed my eyes. “Yeah, okay, maybe it was just a stupid bat or something.”
“Honey, you’re obviously very tired. Why don’t you go to bed and get a good night’s sleep? I’ll bet that tomorrow, you’ll be laughing about this.”
“Is everything okay in here?” asked Nathan, standing in the doorway in his blue flannel pajama pants.
“Everything’s fine,” she answered with another reassuring smile. “Nikki just saw a bird or something outside and it scared the hell out of her.”
Nathan’s eyebrows shot up. “Seriously? You know, I thought I saw something out there, too, when I was in my room watching TV. It freaked the shit out of me.”
I turned to see her reaction.
“What?” she asked, staring at both of us, amused. “Come on… it’s some kind of bird. You know, there’s no possible way a living person could stand outside of your bedroom windows and look in. Unless Spider-man is vacationing in Montana and has decided to scale this particular cabin to check us out. You two are wigging out over nothing.”
“Still, I think we should take a look outside,” said Nathan as he turned and walked away.
“Wait!” my mom hollered. She picked up the bat and charged after him. “Don’t go out there without this!”
And she thought I was being paranoid?
I followed them both downstairs and watched as he switched on the outdoor lights and threw open the front door.
“Be careful!” I hollered, staying back. There was no way I was going out into that unknown darkness, harmless bird or not.
My mom hesitantly followed Nathan outside while I wrapped my arms around myself, trying to remain calm under the circumstances.
This is crazy, I thought, when they closed the door behind them. I wondered if it really was some kind of large bird checking both of us out. Maybe an owl or eagle?
But with red eyes?
Owls were nocturnal so I imagined it was possible, although, I was a city girl and didn’t know the first thing about birds, other than they pooped, a lot, whenever they felt like it.
I chewed on my lower lip and stared towards the dark windows, suddenly wondering if someone or something was watching me from the other side.
Oh, my God… close the blinds, idiot!
I leaped towards the windows, moving the wooden blinds over the four large plated windows as quickly as possible. Once they were all covered, I took a step back and began breathing again.
While I waited for my mom and brother to return, I couldn’t help it, I began to pace as the anxiety quickly built up again. I was definitely wigging out just like she’d said. I started imaging things like Sasquatches and aliens, freaking myself out until I felt like I was almost to the point of hyperventilating.
Jesus, Nikki, chill the hell out.
Frustrated, I went back over to the sofa and sat down, tapping my foot nervously. Seconds later, my brother stormed through the front door, followed by my mom, whose face was as pale as the moon. He picked up the phone and started dialing.
My stomach tightened when I noticed the strange look on Nathan’s face. “Okay, what’s going on?”
Nathan raised his hand to silence me and then began speaking, his voice strangled. “Hello? Yes, I’d like to report a dead body.”

Chapter Three

Three hours later, the dead body, which they’d found near the dock, was examined, bagged, and finally taken away.
“Well,” said Sheriff Caleb Smith, who was standing on the porch. “It looks like it’s the teenage girl who’s been missing for a few weeks, Tina Johnson.”
“What happened to her?” I asked, staring at him. He was taller than I’d thought, standing well over six-foot, had dark hair that hung just below his collar, and an almost perfectly chiseled face, except for his nose, which was a little large. I had to admit, though, for a guy in his thirties, he was handsome.
My mother, who was staring up at him as if he was Superman, cleared her throat. “Before you answer that, would you like to come in and have a cup of coffee, Sheriff?”
He grinned widely and stepped inside. “Thanks; don’t worry about the coffee, though. I really need to be leaving soon.”
“So, was she murdered?” asked Nathan, still freaked out about finding her bloated body sticking out of the water. He’d described it so many times to me that I could see the image in my head, as if I’d actually been there.
The sheriff shook his head. “I don’t think so. She had a history of drinking and left a party pretty intoxicated at the time she went missing. She may have simply fallen into the water and drowned. There will be an autopsy, however, so we’ll know more later.”
Nathan, who watched a lot of C.S.I. shows on television, crossed his arms over his chest. “So, there were no witnesses? Nobody at the party actually saw her leave?”
The sheriff put his hand on the wall and leaned against it. “No. That particular party got a little out of hand and we ended up arresting a few minors for intoxication that night. It was an ugly mess.”
“Goodness,” said mom. “What a horrible thing for her parents. I can’t imagine what it’s been like for them.”
He nodded, looking very somber. “Just like us, they’ve been frantically searching for her all over this town and the next ones over. Well,” he sighed, “at least they have some closure now.”
“How tragic; I can’t possibly imagine how I’d cope in their situation,” she said.
He nodded. “I agree.”
“Sherriff, are you sure you wouldn’t like a cup of coffee? It’ll just take a minute to brew.”
“No, Anne, but thanks again for the offer.” He straightened up and patted his pockets, as if searching for his keys. “I’d better get going; my daughter’s expecting me home soon.”
“You have children?” she asked.
He smiled proudly. “A daughter, Celeste. She just graduated.”
“Oh, you’re a single parent?” she asked, smiling as if she’d just won big on a lottery scratch-off.
Ugh, could she look any more thrilled?
He nodded. “Yes, been single for quite a few years now, in fact.”
“Being a single parent is difficult with normal hours,” she replied quickly. “I could only imagine what you’re going through, with such crazy ones.”
“It’s not too bad. It’s just Celeste, and she’s… fairly manageable. You… you have twins. That must be quite a handful.”
“Not really. They’re pretty good kids.”
He smiled. “Good, then they won’t have to see much of me.”
Mom burst out laughing as if he’d said the funniest thing she’d ever heard.
“Oh, hell, I’m just kidding. Most of the other kids around here are pretty well-behaved, as well.”
“Good, then I can relax when these two start meeting other kids in town and go out at night.”
He tilted his head and leaned forward. “I wouldn’t go that far. They are still teenagers”.
“So very true,” she sighed. “Well, thanks for making it out here so quickly. We were all pretty shaken up.”
His lips thinned. “I’m sure. What a horrible experience for your first night in Shore Lake, too. I’m sorry you had to go through this.”
“So are we,” she said, frowning. “It was certainly an eventful evening. Crazy, huh?”
“I’d say.” He put his hat on. “I’d better get going. I hope the next time we meet it’s under much better circumstances.”
My mom followed him to the door. “Me, too. Goodnight, Sheriff.”
“Caleb,” he said softly, looking down at her.
Her cheeks turned pink. “Goodnight, Caleb.”
It was actually early morning but mom and Caleb didn’t seem to notice. They were too busy staring at each other with their lonely middle-aged hormones.
“Goodbye, Sheriff,” called Nathan from the couch with a shit-eating grin. Like me, he’d been studying them quietly, and from the look on his face, he also knew they were into each other.
“Yeah, see you,” I added with a wave, hoping he’d just leave, already.
Caleb smiled once more with his gleaming white teeth and then finally walked out the front door.
“He’s such a nice man,” said mom, looking into space with a stupid grin. “It’s so refreshing to know this town has a great guy like him patrolling the streets.”
“Oh, you hardly know him,” I snapped, getting off of the sofa. “He might not really be that nice. It could be an act.”
Both my mom and brother stared at me in surprise.
I raised my chin. “Sorry, but it’s true.”
She shook her head. “Oh for Heaven’s sake, Nikki, don’t be so quick to judge other people.”
I started walking up the steps to my bedroom, ready to fall into that soft pillow-top. “Whatever, I’m going to bed.”
“She’s just being a crab-ass,” said Nathan.
“I heard that!” I hollered.
I knew it was true, though. It had been a long day and I was ready to sleep for the next two.


Chapter Four

I slept until almost eleven the next morning. Mom was already up, drinking coffee and working on her computer, when I padded downstairs in my bare feet.
“Morning,” I said, pouring some coffee for myself. Normally, I wasn’t a coffee drinker, but I really needed something stronger than orange juice to perk me up. Especially after the last few hours.
“Good morning,” beamed my mother, who was always a morning person no matter how late she stayed up.
“Where’s Nathan?”
“He’s outside by the boat. We were thinking about taking it out on the lake within the hour.”
I yawned. “I’ll eat something and get ready.”
“Good.”
I took a drink of coffee and walked over to a large window facing the lake. The skies were blue and it looked like a beautiful day. Then I thought about the dead girl from last night.
“Um, did you really actually find her in the lake?” I asked. The idea of swimming in the lake when there’d been a floating body in it the night before was harrowing. I seriously doubted that I could even put my foot in the water.
“Why?”
I could tell from her expression that she knew where this was going.
I shrugged. “It’s just kind of gross to think about swimming in it.”
My brother entered the kitchen. “Don’t worry, Nikki, that lake is so freaken big, I’m sure there are plenty of other bodies lost somewhere beneath the surface. People still swim in it all the time.”
I shot him a dirty look. “That’s gross.”
Mom groaned. “Thanks, Nathan. Listen, people drown and it’s just a fact of life. I’m sure every lake has stories of people disappearing in it, including the ones you’ve swam in the past.”
I walked towards the doorway with my coffee. “That doesn’t make it sound any more enticing. I think I’ll just enjoy the view on the lake and try not to think about what’s under it.”
“Just make sure you’re ready to go in an hour!” hollered Nathan as I stepped out of the kitchen. “Or we’re leaving you behind.”

~~~

An hour-and-a-half later, I’d changed into my new orange and pink bikini, and we were racing across the lake in a twenty-five-foot Stingray. Nathan was grinning from ear to ear, my mom was also smiling and desperately trying to hold her straw sunhat onto her head, but I was still thinking about the girl in the lake. I just couldn’t shake the horror of knowing there’d been a body near the cabin we were now staying. I had to admit, the fact that my mother and brother were able to push it aside was a little disconcerting, too. It was almost like they’d forgotten all about it.
“This is great!” yelled Nathan over the motor as his light brown hair whipped in the wind. “There’s hardly anyone out here and we have the entire lake to ourselves!”
It was true, but it was also early in the week. From the look of all the boats docked near the shoreline, this place was pretty busy on the weekends.
Nathan slowed down after crossing the entire lake and set the anchor. “Okay, I’m going for a swim,” he said, smiling eagerly.
“Sounds good,” said mom as she pulled out a book from her tote. “You know what I’m going to do – read and work on my tan.”
I handed her some sunscreen. “Not without this. You’ll be a lobster tonight as it is.”
She smiled and began rubbing some of the coconut scented lotion into her skin.
“Coming in, twerp?” asked Nathan, removing his bright red T-shirt.
“Quit calling me that,” I snarled. “Maybe later I’ll come in and drown you.”
He dove into the dark water. When he surfaced, he yelled, “Wow, it’s really nice! Come on out, Nikki. Don’t be such a wimp!”
The sun was shining, it was already eighty degrees and as I stared at him in the water, I had to admit, it did look very enticing.
I let out a long sigh and stood up. I lifted the white beach dress over my head and dove into the cool water.
“See,” said Nathan when I popped my head back out. “It’s not so bad.”
I wiped some water away from my eyes and smiled. “Yeah, I guess not.” It also didn’t hurt that we were on the other side of the lake from where the girl had been found. For some reason, that comforted me quite a bit.
A small fishing boat was trolling towards us and I strained to see who was driving it, half expecting the sheriff who’d been making eyes at my mom earlier. Even today in her bikini, she’d caught the attention of a couple fishermen we’d passed by on the lake. Heck, I couldn’t deny the fact that she looked pretty fit for someone reaching forty.
“Hey,” shouted Nathan at the young man who stopped his boat next to ours. “How’s it going?”
The dark-haired guy looked about our age, maybe a little older. He was wearing black sunglasses and blue-and-white striped swim trunks. “Pretty good. Nice boat!” he hollered back.
Nathan smiled. “It’s not ours, but thanks.”
The stranger removed his sunglasses and returned the smile. “I’m Duncan. You guys vacationing out here?”
“No,” answered mom. “We’re renting a cabin on the other side of the lake.”
He nodded. “There are more than enough cabins available on this lake, that’s for sure.”
“Really? Why is that?” I asked.
He stared at me for a minute and then said, “I just meant that some of these cabins are only seasonal homes, so many of the owners rent them out during the year when they’re not in use.”
“Oh,” I replied.
“I’m Anne, but the way,” said mom. “And those two in the water are Nikki and Nathan.”
“Nice meeting you all.”
“You too,” replied Nathan.
“Do you live on the lake then, Duncan?” she asked.
He nodded. “I live with my dad on the north side of the lake. He owns the boat repair shop over there, and our place is right next to it.”
“Cool,” said Nathan. “I suppose you get to see a lot of nice boats coming through there.”
“Definitely, my dad’s is the only repair shop nearby, so he’s pretty busy, even with my help. Because the lake is so big and there’s money on it, we definitely get some nice little yachts coming in for repairs.”
I swam back over to our boat and climbed up the steps while Nathan and Duncan continued talking boats. As mom handed me a towel, I noticed Duncan stealing glances my way. When our eyes suddenly met, he quickly looked away.
“So, what do you guys do for fun here, other than fishing?” asked Nathan.
Duncan cleared his throat. “Actually, the town is having their annual end of summer barbeque this weekend at Turtle Beach. It’s on the northern side of the lake, too. I’m sure they’ll have tons of food and games. Then, at night they’ll launch the fireworks. They do it every year.”
“We’d better not miss that shindig,” smiled my mom.
He nodded. “It’s a pretty big deal. Almost everyone in town will be there.”
“Will you be there?” I blurted out unexpectedly. I surprised everyone, even myself.
Duncan stared at me for a moment and smiled. “I wasn’t planning on it, but it’s starting to sound more interesting.”
I could feel my face burning and it wasn’t from the sun. “I, um... I just think it would be nice for Nathan to have someone to hang out with. He gets so bored, sometimes… ”
“She’s right,” replied Nathan, grinning widely at me, as if he knew I was back-peddling. “I need a friend. I’m just so bored out of my mind now that we’re in a new town and I have no friends to raise hell with.”
He laughed. “I don’t know much about raising hell, but if you’re bored, you should stop by the shop later today. We just took in this mint Bluewater yacht that is incredible. I might even know someone with the keys who could give you a private tour.”
“Sweet! I might have to take you up on that,” said Nathan, his face brightening.
Just then, a couple flew by us on a pair of jet-skis and Duncan turned to watch them, giving me another opportunity to check him out. I had to admit that he was not only cute, but had nicely-sculpted pecs and arms. It was obvious that he worked his muscles when he wasn’t working on boats. Before I had a chance to look away he turned back around and caught me staring. I immediately looked away, hoping my face wasn’t as red as Nathan’s trunks.
“What’s wrong, Nikki?” asked mom, an amused expression on her face. “You feeling a little flushed?”
“No,” I answered, a little too sharply.
“Oh. Okay.”
“Your face is a little red,” said Nathan, pointing to his cheek. He grinned. “Better use some sunscreen.”
I shot him an angry look and he turned away, chuckling.
“I suppose I should get back to the marina. By the way, you ladies are invited, too, of course,” said Duncan.
I looked up. “Okay.”
“Thanks,” said mom, “but maybe another time. I have too much to do this afternoon.”
“No problem. I’ll be around the shop all evening. Hope to see you there,” said Duncan, his eyes drifting back to me again. Then he started the engine and was gone.
“That’s cool,” said Nathan as he got back on the boat after Duncan left. “Now I can check out some nice boats while Nikki checks out Duncan.”
“Very funny.”
He smiled. “Come on, I saw the way you were drooling over him!”
“I was not!” I retorted, scowling at him. “I was just checking his boat out.”
He threw his head back and laughed. “Right! Since when do you have an interest in boats?”
“I always have.”
My mom smiled and added her two cents. “Actually, I also noticed that you were checking out more than the boat.”
“Whatever. You guys are seeing things. Anyway, you both should talk, what, about that redhead in the parking lot yesterday, and… Sheriff White Strips?”
My mom looked confused. “Sheriff White Strips?”
Nathan nodded. “Yeah, Caleb. His teeth were whiter than your pasty skin, mom. Bleached white.”
She snorted. “You’re funny.”
“Sorry, couldn’t resist,” replied Nathan as he started the engine. He grabbed his bottle of water and took a swig. “I say we go back to the cabin now, I’m starving.”
“Sounds good,” she replied. “I’ve got plenty to do.”
Nathan set his water in the cup-holder, turned on the engine, and we started back across the lake. A few seconds later, he grinned like a little kid and told us to hold on.
I grabbed the handle next to my seat right as he punched it down and we took off across the lake. I squealed in delight as we sped over the calm waters, the wind practically blowing my hair dry as we flew. Soon, we were near our neck of the woods and I pulled my beach-dress back over my bathing suit. As we slowed down, I noticed a middle-aged woman sitting on her dock, fishing. She smiled and raised her hand in greeting.
“Must be our neighbor,” said mom, waving back. “Ernie mentioned that she was recently widowed. I think he said her name was Abigail. Very nice woman, I guess. Maybe it would be a good idea if I stopped by later and said hello.”
I stared at the woman and nodded. “I would. She’s probably sad and lonely.”
She nodded. “I’m sure.”
Nathan docked the boat near the end of the dock and we helped him secure it to the posts.
“That should be good enough for now,” he said, testing the ropes. “I’ll leave it out here in case we want to take it out again, later.”
I stood up and looked down into the brown water. “So, um, it must be pretty deep, right here.”
“Yeah,” replied Nathan, grabbing his shirt from the boat. “That’s why they built the dock this distance from the shore. It’s safer for the boat if the lake ever gets low.”
The water was so murky looking and I wondered if there were any more dead bodies below. I imagined someone’s dead eyes staring up at me from below the surface and started to feel sick to my stomach.
“I’ll meet you guys on shore,” I said, getting up quickly.
“Are you okay?” called my mom.
“Just a little too much sun,” I shouted back as I raced towards the cabin, feeling dizzy and anxious. As I passed the area where the body was found, I averted my eyes and tried not to panic any worse than I already was. When I made it to the cabin’s porch, I closed my eyes and took a couple deep breaths.
“Hey,” said my brother as he climbed the steps a minute later.
I smiled weakly.
He stared at me with concern. “You’re really freaked out about that girl, aren’t you?”
“Well, yeah. Aren’t you?”
He sighed. “I’m trying to forget about it. She made a huge mistake when she started drinking that night, and hopefully her friends have learned from it. But I’m not going to dwell on it, and neither should you. Heck, you didn’t even see the girl, I discovered her. I should be the one freaking out about it.”
I nodded. “I know. It’s just so… creepy.”
He put an arm around my shoulder. “It is, but you have to let it go. Or mom will send you to a shrink, which, actually, she should have done a long time ago.”
I pushed him away. “Ha-ha.”
She met us on the porch and took out her keys. “Whew, it’s getting hot out here. Thank goodness for air conditioning.”
“Summer’s almost over, mom. Then you’ll be complaining about the cold. In fact, I’ve read that it gets very cold here,” I said.
“That’s when the fireplace will come in handy,” she replied.
Duncan put the boat keys on one of the end tables. “Nikki, go get dressed and we’ll drive into town to check it out. I need to start looking for a job, too.”
“Okay,” I replied. I’d worked at a boutique back home and my savings was starting to dwindle. I wanted my own car soon so I didn’t have to rely on Nathan all the time.
“Then we’ll go check out your boyfriend’s boat repair shop,” he said with a smirk.
“You’re just full of jokes today.”
Just then, mom, who’d been checking her voicemail, started smiling. She hung up the phone and stared at us. “Guess who asked me to dinner?”
I groaned. “Sheriff Snaggletooth?”
She frowned. “That’s not fair, Nikki. Like I said before, he seems like a very nice man.”
“You going for it?” asked Nathan, with a shit-eating grin.
She tapped her fingers on the banister. “Oh, I don’t know. I’m not looking for anything right now, obviously, but it never hurts to get in good with a town’s sheriff. Maybe I’ll just invite him over to our house tonight for dinner. Can you pick up a couple of steaks in town, Nathan?”
He nodded. “But if you want wine, you’ll have to get that yourself.”
She snorted. “That’s the last thing I need, to get tipsy in front of the town’s sheriff.”
Nathan smiled wickedly. “It might be fun. He can handcuff you if you get too out of hand.”
Her eyes lit up. “Oh, I never thought of that.”
“You’re sick,” I said, climbing the staircase. “Both of you.”
“Oh, Nikki, I can’t wait until the love bug nips you in the butt. I am going to tease the crap out of you,” she said.
“Don’t hold your breath. That’s not happening anytime soon,” I said.
“We’ll see,” she said.
“Be ready in thirty minutes, twerp,” called Nathan. “We’ll go cruising.”


Chapter Five

I took a quick shower and changed into a dark blue halter sundress and white sandals. I pulled my hair into a loose up-do and applied a smidgeon of lip gloss.
“You look pretty,” smiled mom as I entered the kitchen, looking for Nathan.
I looked down at my dress and shrugged. “Oh, it was one of the few things already unpacked.”
She gave me a knowing smile and kissed the top of my head. “Don’t break too many hearts in town.”
“Ha-ha, mom. Very funny,” I said, although I did feel sort of pretty in the new dress. It also wouldn’t hurt to make a good impression on any kids who were hanging out in town.
Nathan was polishing up his Mustang when I found him outside. The red paint gleamed in the sun when he was finished.
“Now I’ll definitely be a chic magnet,” he teased, flexing his muscles. “Don’t take offense if I ask you to duck down when the ladies are scoping me out.”
I rolled my eyes. “Right.”
“You’ll see.”
I got into the car and we took our time driving back into town.
“Hear from Deanna yet today?” I asked.
He grimaced. “Yeah. She called freaking out, again. I just don’t know what to do about her. I mean, the more I think about it, the more I realize that I’m tired of the drama. Then I look at this town we’ve moved to and I think about all of the possibilities.”
I smiled. “You mean all of the chicks?”
“Hell yeah,” he laughed.
I shook my head at my brother, who was so predictable.
“Okay, keep your eyes peeled for something interesting,” said Nathan, brushing his bangs away from his eyes. “Both of us need jobs.”
As we entered the town I pointed right away to a diner called ‘Ruth’s.’ “Let’s stop in there and see if they’re hiring.”
“Good idea. I’m hungry again, anyway.”
We were seated by a frazzled-looking waitress who appeared to be one of only two working. It was only three in the afternoon, but the place was packed.
“You wouldn’t be hiring, would you?” I asked the other waitress, Amy, a blond with light blue eyes and an easy smile.
“Actually, funny you should ask, we’re hiring for the nightshift,” she said. “We’re always hiring for that shift, so I guess it really isn’t funny.”
“That’s fine. I’m desperately broke and need a job. Could you please get me an application?” I asked. “Oh, and,” I handed her back the menu. “A Caesar salad?” I pointed to Nathan. “He’s buying.”
She laughed. “Okay, so anything to drink?”
“Just water,” I replied.
“How are the burgers here, Amy?” asked Nathan.
“Oh, they’re very good. That’s why this place is always so busy. That and the fact that we’re the only diner open twenty-four hours.”
He smiled. “I’ll take your word for it, then. I’d like a bacon double cheeseburger, an order of onion rings, and a chocolate milkshake.”
She smiled back. “Hope you’re hungry because they serve big portions here.”
That’s when Nathan turned on the charm. He leaned forward and smiled. “You know what… I already like this place, sis. Nice portions and even nicer waitresses. What more could a guy ask for?”
Amy blushed. She was very pretty and I’m sure that guys were always coming on to her, but even I had to admit, Nathan was a good-looking guy himself. Obviously, he knew it, too.
“I’ll be back with your malt and water in just a moment,” she said softly before she walked away.
“I guess Deanna is beginning to fade from your memory as the day progresses,” I mused.
His face became serious. “Not really. I mean, there will always be a special place in my heart for her, but, I’ve decided to keep my options open. Heck, I’m young and shouldn’t be tying myself down to one girl; especially one who’s a few hundred miles away.”
I folded my hands and nodded. “That’s why I’m not going to waste time pining for any of the guys in town. After high school there will be college, and I don’t want anything holding me back.”
Amy returned with his milkshake and handed me an application.
“Um, if I were you I’d only request hours during the day or early evening.”
“Why?” I asked, puzzled.
She looked around nervously and then whispered, “It’s too dangerous around here at night.”
Nathan raised his eyebrows. “What do you mean by dangerous?”
“Amy!” hollered someone behind the counter, who looked like the cook. “Order’s up! They’re waiting!”
“Sorry, I can’t talk about it now,” she mumbled. “Just take my word for it.”
Then she left us both staring at each other in surprise.
I bit the side of my lower lip. “Wow, first a dead body in the lake and now this creepy warning?”
He waved his hand. “Oh, it might be nothing. Maybe she’s talking about drunk drivers or something.”
“I don’t know, but, I’ll take her word for it. I’d prefer to work during the day, anyway.”
I finished the application just as our food arrived.
“I can take this and give it to the owner if you’d like. She’ll be in later this evening,” said Amy.
“Thanks,” I said. “So, what did you mean earlier about it being dangerous around here at night?”
Her eyes darted around the restaurant again and I had this feeling like she was genuinely scared. Finally she cleared her throat and mumbled. “I didn’t mean anything by it. Just forget I said anything.”
At that moment I noticed that the diner was unusually quiet and I had the impression that some of the other customers were listening to our conversation. I decided it would be best just to drop the subject.
I raised my voice. “Oh. Well, yeah, if you could give the application to whoever does the hiring, I’d really appreciate it.”
She nodded and then stepped away. I immediately noticed that the volume of the diner rose again and I stared at Nathan curiously.
“Okay, kind of weird,” he said, under his breath. “Must be a small town thing?”
“Must be,” I said, picking up my fork.
We finished our food and Nathan left a big tip for Amy, who was so busy she could barely make it back to the table, to refill our glasses.
“You dropped something,” called Amy as we were leaving the diner. Before I could respond, she handed me a folded-up note and hurried away.
“What was that all about?” asked Nathan as we walked to the car.”
The sun was bright and I put my shades on. “Don’t know. We’ll read it in the car.”
When we got into the Mustang, I immediately opened the note and read it out loud. “Lock your doors at night and don’t invite any strangers inside.” A shiver ran up my spine and I turned to Nathan. “Okay, that’s really freaky.”
Nathan’s cell phone began to ring before he could respond. “It’s mom,” he said, answering it.
I could hear them talking about her date with the sheriff and then he hung up.
“I guess it’s going to be a late dinner, so we don’t have to be home for a few hours. The sheriff is working a little later and isn’t getting off until sometime after nine.”
I snorted. “If it’s dangerous here at night, it would make sense that he’s really busy.”
“Listen,” said Nathan, as we pulled out of the parking lot. “I wouldn’t go blowing everything out of proportion. It’s possible that Amy was friends with that dead girl and doesn’t trust anyone right now. Or maybe, she’s a little crazy.”
I sighed. “Or maybe, she’s just worried about us. You have to admit that finding a dead body practically at our doorstep isn’t the best housewarming gift.”
“Since the sheriff is coming to dinner tonight, why don’t we just ask him about it? He’d certainly know if there was something wicked happening around here after dark.”
“Maybe,” I mumbled.
“Hey, that must be Duncan’s dad’s shop,” said Nathan, slowing the car down.
I looked up and noticed a large boat marina with a big sign that read: “Sonny’s Boat Repairs.” Nathan pulled into the parking lot and we both got out.
“Wow, check out all of those boats,” pointed Nathan, his face lighting up. “Oh man, I think I just had an orgasm.”
I glared at him. “God, you are so disgusting.”
There was a fenced-in storage area for some of the smaller boats not docked at the marina. On the other side was the repair shop.
“I’d like to get myself an old Carver after I find a job,” said Nathan as we walked towards the shop’s entrance. “I hear you can get one relatively inexpensive and fix it up.”
Nathan and my dad have always loved boats. In fact, we used to own a twenty-four foot Bayliner before my parents split up. Then dad had to sell the boat and Nathan’s been pining for his own ever since.
“Hey!” called Duncan, coming towards us. “You made it.”
“Yeah,” said Nathan. “Now that we’re here, I have to admit, I’m jealous. You’re surrounded by some pretty amazing boats.”
Duncan started telling us about another high-end yacht that needed repairs. I have to admit, though, I was paying more attention to him than what he was saying. Up close, he appeared much taller than I’d remembered and had a contagious smile. His eyes were a silvery gray color, and every time he glanced my way, I felt my cheeks heat up.
“I just realized something,” he said. “You’re twins, aren’t you?”
“Yeah,” said Nathan, putting his arm around my shoulders. “She’s the ugly one, poor little thing.”
My jaw dropped and I smacked him in the shoulder for what had to be the tenth time that day. “You are such a shit.”
“But I’m the good-looking one,” he laughed.
Duncan shook his head and stared at us in amusement. “Sorry, dude, but I think you might have that wrong. Nikki here seems to have absorbed all the beauty genes, leaving you with a great sense of humor, though.”
“Oh, yeah,” I laughed, secretly thrilled that Duncan thought I was cute, “and even his sense of humor leaves a lot to be desired.”
Nathan pouted. “And I thought you invited me along because I was the cuter twin.”
“No, but I have to say, you still have a nice butt,” joked Duncan.
“Pilates,” said Nathan, turning around to show us.
“Okay, enough!” I interrupted. “Now I’ve realized that you are both a couple of dorks.”
“From one dork to another,” said Nathan. “I’m ready to see some yachts. Lead the way, you sexy thang.”
Duncan burst out laughing and turned around to lead us towards the marina. I quickly checked out his rear and decided that he definitely didn’t need any Pilates.


Chapter Six

An hour later, after getting a few secret tours on some of the largest yachts I’d ever seen, we followed Duncan into the main shop to meet his dad, Sonny.
“Hello,” said Sonny, who was an older version of Duncan, minus the hair, “nice to meet the both of you.”
Nathan held out his hand and shook Sonny’s. “Thanks for letting Duncan give us a glimpse of some of these sweet yachts,” he said. “You must be extremely busy with all of those boats out there.”
“Tell me about it,” said Sonny. “I can barely keep up. I’m going to have to hire someone to help around the shop, especially now that fall is just around the corner. Many of these boats need to be winterized, and soon.”
I looked at Nathan, who was already way ahead of me.
“What kind of experience do you need? I’m looking for a job,” said my brother.
Sonny rubbed his bald head. “I can’t imagine you’d know how to repair boat engines at your age, although Duncan does, but that’s because he’s been around them most his life. You know, I could still use someone to take care of the customers, order parts, and do some of the lighter maintenance. That would free up a lot of time for me and my son.”
I could see that Nathan was getting really excited. “Listen,” he said, his eyes sparkling. “I’m your man. I’m a very hard worker and learn quickly.”
Sonny leaned back in his chair. “Okay. We’ll have you fill out an application and I’ll certainly consider you. I do have a couple mechanics who work the graveyard shift, so what I could really use is someone who doesn’t mind doing a little grunt work.”
“Grunt is my middle name,” smiled Nathan.
Sonny smiled. “That’s what I like to hear.”
While Nathan started filling out the application, Duncan asked me if I wanted anything to drink.
“Um, sure... water?”
“Come on, I’ll show you our luxurious break room.”
I followed Duncan to the back of the shop and we entered into a small room with pop and snack machines.
“Here,” he said, handing me a bottle of water from the back of the fridge. “I’ll give you one from my secret stash. If I don’t hide them, they seem to disappear overnight.”
I laughed. “Really? Thanks.”
“So,” he said as he sat down and stretched out his long legs. “How do you like Shore Lake so far?”
“Seriously, it’s kind of a hard question to answer. Last night we found a body near the lake, and today, one of the waitresses at Ruth’s passed me a note that warned us to stay inside after dark and not invite any strangers inside.”
His eyes widened. “Seriously?! Are you kidding me?”
I took a sip of the water. “No, I wish I was.” I set my water down and pulled out the note Amy had given me.
He read it and frowned. “Very strange. So, do the cops know whose body you found?”
“Some girl around my age, Tina Johnson?”
He scratched his head. “Tina Johnson? To tell you the truth, I don’t really know many of the locals. I only stay with my dad during the summer and then for the rest of the year, I live with my mom in Minnesota.”
“Oh, so you’re going back to Minnesota next month when school starts?”
He smiled. “I graduated last spring, so now I can stay wherever I want.”
“What are you going to do now?” I asked.
He sighed. “Probably help my dad out while I take some engineering classes at the local college.”
“What about your mom?”
“She just remarried and is pretty busy with her new husband,” he said. “My dad doesn’t really have anyone else but me, so I’m probably sticking around here.”
I took a sip of water and set it down. “Well, it sounds like your dad really needs you in more ways than one.”
He nodded. “What about your old man?” he asked and then looked embarrassed. “I’m sorry, I probably shouldn’t have asked. If he’s passed away or something, I apologize for my lack of tactfulness.”
I smiled humorlessly. “Actually, there are times that I wish he had passed away. I know that sounds really cold, but he’s an asshole. Thank goodness my mom is no longer with him.”
“Then cheers to that,” he said, tapping my water bottle with his.
“Cheers.”
He re-capped his water. “So, you mentioned the dead girl, do they think she was murdered?”
“No, it sounds like she liked to party a little too much and may have accidently killed herself.”
“What about the waitress at the diner?” he asked, biting his lower lip. “That was a pretty weird.”
“Very.” I sat back in the chair. “So, um, have you heard anything about missing people or other bodies being discovered near the lake?”
He looked thoughtful. “No, not really; although, there have been plenty of people moving recently. That’s why I mentioned the cabins. Either people are selling or just renting out their lake homes.”
“Hey, Nikki,” said Nathan as he stepped into the break room, “are you ready to get going? I want to pick up those steaks for mom before it gets too late.”
I looked at my watch and noticed it was already after seven. “Yeah, we’d better leave.”
“Thanks for stopping by, guys,” said Duncan, standing up. He lowered his voice. “I’ll work on my dad so he’ll hire you.”
Nathan laughed. “Sounds good. I’ll give you a call in a couple of days if I don’t hear from him, to see what’s going on. If anything, we can go cruising.”
“Definitely. And don’t forget about the barbeque this weekend,” said Duncan. “Now that Nikki’s practically begged me to be your date, Nathan.”
Nathan’s eyes widened innocently. “Oh, what ever will I wear?” he asked, standing kind of prissy. “Do you like pink, Duncan?”
Duncan looked at my dress and then winked. “Actually, I prefer blue.”

Chapter Seven

It was dark by the time we made it home and mom was on the deck, desperately trying to figure out the grill.
“Step aside before you blow us all up,” ordered Nathan, handing her the package of steaks.
“No arguments here,” she answered. “I prefer cooking on the stove myself, but the steaks taste so much better on the grill. Thanks for picking them up, by the way.”
“No problem. Just don’t give the sheriff mine, it’s the thirty-ouncer,” he replied.
“Of course not, you bottomless pit,” she said. “But we’re also having potatoes, pasta salad, and corn on the cob. So pace yourself tonight, if you can.”
He snorted. “That’s it? No dessert?”
“Cheesecake,” she said. “But let’s make sure our guest gets a piece before you get your mitts on it.”
“You should have made two, and then you wouldn’t have to worry about it,” he joked.
She raised her finger. “I’m not going to worry about it because you’re going to wait until everyone else has had a piece before you devour the rest.”
“Okay, I can live with that.”
“You look nice,” I told her. She was wearing a lilac colored blouse and a new white skirt I’d never seen before.
“Thanks,” she smiled. “So, how was your trip into town?”
“It started out a little strange but got better,” I answered.
“What do you mean?”
Nathan interrupted. “Oh, she applied for a job at the local diner and some waitress slipped her a note with an ominous warning.”
“What?”
I showed her the piece of paper and she shrugged. “That is pretty odd. Maybe she knew the deceased girl? Who knows, she may think there was foul play involved.”
“Maybe there was,” I said.
She frowned. “The sheriff didn’t seem to think so. We’ll ask him about it again when he gets here.”
“Okay,” I said, putting the note away. I didn’t think he’d tell us much, however. Having a father for a cop taught me that they weren’t keen on divulging information like that.
“So, did you guys make it to Duncan’s boat shop?”
“Yeah,” said Nathan. “And his dad is hiring for shop help, so I filled out an application.”
Her eyes widened. “Wow, that means both of you might have jobs before the end of the summer? That’s amazing!”
“Yeah, I know. I need money and a car, badly,” I said.
“If you get a job, I’ll help you find a car and you can pay me back in installments. But, don’t expect anything fancy,” she said.
“Seriously? Thanks, mom,” I replied, throwing my arms around her. I’d never owned my own car before, although I had my license. I started thinking about all of the possibilities and became giddy.
“You bet. I know it’s tough not having a car; especially, now that you’ll be a senior.”
As I pulled away, my eyes caught a movement in the woods. At first, I thought it was a deer or other some wild animal, but then in a blur, it shot up into the trees. I wasn’t sure, but I could have sworn its eyes were glowing, too. Just like the so-called “Peeping Tom.”
“Something’s in the woods,” I whispered hoarsely.
“What?” asked my mother.
Nathan stepped off the deck and began walking slowly towards the trees.
“What the hell are you doing?” barked mom.
He raised his hand. “Calm down. It’s probably just a deer or something.”
I pointed up towards the top of the trees. “It flew up there, and I doubt it was a reindeer.”
My mom released a heavy sigh. “Then it was just a bird. Don’t scare me like that.”
I shook my head, vehemently. “No, it wasn’t a bird.”
Nathan walked back onto the deck. “Of course it was a bird. Or maybe a flying squirrel.”
I put my hands on my waist. “It wasn’t a small animal, okay? It was big! Bigger than you,” I told him.
“The shadow probably looked a lot larger than the animal. When it’s dark like this, your eyes can play tricks on you. Think about it, nothing my size would be able to fly up into a tree,” he said. “It’s not possible.”
“I know what I saw,” I snapped, glaring at him, “and it was big. I’m going into the cabin. This place is really starting to give me the creeps.”
“It’s been a long day,” said my mom, as I opened the patio door. “Caleb should be here in another hour. If you’re hungry, Nikki, eat some of that pasta salad I made. It’s in the refrigerator. Oh, and put these steaks in there too, will you?”
She handed them to me and my stomach started rumbling as I went into the kitchen. Although I was still freaked out about the flying shadow, I was also starving, as I hadn’t eaten anything since my salad at the diner earlier.
I opened up the refrigerator and took out the large bowl of pasta, setting it on the counter. As I began scooping out some of the salad, the hair on the back of my neck stood straight up. I raised my eyes to the window facing me and let out a bloodcurdling scream. A pale face was staring at me through the glass. It disappeared quickly and I leaped away from the window in terror.
“What’s wrong?” hollered my brother, rushing into the kitchen.
“Someone was watching me,” I choked, pointing towards the window. “Through there!”
He stared at my frightened face then grabbed a butcher knife from the block.
“What are you planning on doing with that?” cried mom, entering the kitchen.
“Nikki thinks there’s someone out there.” He raised the knife. “If there is someone, I’m not going unarmed.”
Just then the doorbell rang, startling us all.
“I’ll get it,” said mom. “Hopefully it’s the sheriff and he can take a look around outside.”
We followed her to the front door and she swung it open.
“Hello,” smiled Caleb, holding out two bottles of wine, a red and a white. “I wasn’t sure if you were a wine drinker or not. I brought red and white, just in case.”
“Thank God you’re here,” she said, grabbing a bottle of wine and pulling him through the door. “Nikki thinks someone is lurking around outside.”
“Think?” I snapped. “I know there is. Someone was in the woods watching all of us, and then a face stared at me through the window.”
Caleb was dressed in civilian clothing, jeans and a white polo shirt, but he reached down by his ankle and pulled out a gun. “Okay, I’ll go take a look. You guys stay inside and lock your doors.”
“Mom, I’m seriously really scared,” I said, as she locked the door. “What the hell is going on around here?”
She walked over and hugged me. “Don’t worry, it’ll be fine.”
“What if it’s dad?” said Nathan, his face pale. “What if he’s found us and is trying to scare the shit out of us?”
“Oh, hell, I never even considered that,” said mom, looking quite troubled, herself. “I hope not.”
“Would he do that?” I asked.
She shrugged. “I don’t know. The law is after him now. He might do anything. I can’t imagine how he found out where we were staying, though. The only person who knew was Ernie.”
“I think you should call Ernie and make sure he’s okay,” said Nathan.
She moved towards the phone, her face white. “I’ll call him right now.”
There was a loud knock at the door. “It’s me. Let me in. Everything’s okay,” called Caleb.
Mom put down the phone and rushed to the door. “Did you find anything?” she asked, when he stepped inside.
He smiled. “Actually, I found a couple of raccoons outside that were looking pretty mischievous. I didn’t find anything else out of the ordinary, though.”
“Um, did you see footprints by any of the kitchen windows, or any prints?” asked Nathan.
He bit back a smile. “I didn’t see much, I’m sorry. But I really don’t think there’s anyone out there.”
“I know what I saw, and it was a human face, staring at me through the kitchen window,” I said. “It freaked the crap out of me.”
His eyebrows shot up. “Okay, what did this person look like?”
I sighed. “It was hard to tell, it happened so fast.”
“If you couldn’t really tell, then it’s quite possible that you saw an animal,” said Caleb, walking towards the window. He lifted one of the blinds and peered outside. “There are a lot of those in these woods.”
“It moved so quickly, I couldn’t tell if it was a man or woman, but it definitely wasn’t an animal. I’m sure of that,” I said
He released the blind and walked back over to us. “I can look around again, if it makes you feel better.”
“Thank you, Caleb,” interrupted my mom. “This family has been through so much that it would really be comforting if you could do that for us.”
He nodded slowly. “Okay, I understand. I’ll be back in a few minutes.”
“Thank you,” I said, as he walked back towards the door.
“No problem. If it’s going to calm everyone down, I’ll be happy to do it.”
“I told you he was a nice man,” said mom after he left the cabin again.
Even I had to admit, it was almost comforting having him around. Almost.
Caleb took much longer this time, but when he returned, he still hadn’t discovered anything unusual.
“Thank you for doing that, Caleb,” said my mother, handing him a glass of red wine. “You could probably use a little of this right now.”
“I thought you’d never ask,” he answered with a lopsided grin. “Although I’d better not overindulge; I hear the cops in this area are pretty wicked.”
She giggled and then turned to Nathan. “Honey, can you fire up the grill? I’m sure everyone is starving by now.”
“Yeah, I’m fading away,” said Nathan, raising his hands in front of his face. “I can barely see my hands.”
Mom smiled and shook her head. Then she turned to me. “Nikki? Honey, why don’t you go upstairs and rest for a little while. I’ll fix you a plate of food and bring it up later, if you don’t feel like coming back down.”
I glanced at Caleb, who was staring at my mother like she was a filet mignon. I knew right then that it was time to make an exit.
“Okay, I need to change anyway,” I said, getting off the couch. As I left, I could hear them talking and wanted to puke at the way she was flirting with the sheriff. It wasn’t that I didn’t like Caleb; I just didn’t think she was ready to start anything after what just happened.
I raced upstairs to my bedroom, still feeling tense. The gnawing feeling of dread in the pit of my stomach was driving me crazy and I just wanted to go back to my old home in San Diego.
Feeling helpless, I kept the lights off and changed into a pair of shorts and a T-shirt, keeping my attention on the balcony window. When I finished, I grabbed my bat and slowly walked over to the glass and worked up the nerve to look down below. I half expected to see some kind of ghoul lurking around in the darkness. Nothing appeared out of the ordinary, however, which still wasn’t enough to calm my nerves.
“What are you doing?” whispered Nathan next to my ear.
“Holy crap! Don’t you ever freak me out like that again!” I snapped. “You almost gave me a fucking heart attack!”
“Wow, I’m sorry. Just settle down, will you?”
I rubbed the beads of sweat from my forehead and then looked at him. “I don’t care what the sheriff says, I saw someone out there watching me in the kitchen.”
He sighed. “I’m not sure what you saw, either, but what I do know is that ever since we found that girl’s body, you’ve been going crazy. I mean, isn’t it possible that you saw a raccoon staring at you in the window? You said so yourself, you couldn’t even see the face very well.”
“I can tell the difference between a raccoon’s face and a person’s, Nathan. I’m not a complete moron,” I said, glancing through the window again.
We both stared outside in silence for a while.
“Maybe it really is dad, then,” he said softly. “He might be trying to frighten her or all of us.”
“I don’t know. It just doesn’t feel right. Dad had major anger issues, but he doesn’t seem the type of person who’d waste his time doing this kind of thing. In fact, he’s probably hiding on the other side of the world by now with the help of some of his cop friends.”
“Maybe,” said Nathan.
I yawned. “I guess I’m going to bed. I lost my appetite anyway. Could you tell mom? I don’t really want to go back down there. It’s nauseating.”
He chuckled. “Okay, Nik, if you need us, just holler.”
“Oh, you’ll hear me. Count on that.”
After he left, I turned on the television and watched a movie about a girl who’d fallen in love with both a vampire and a werewolf. I’d already seen it a million times, so my eyelids grew heavy fairly quickly. Ten minutes later I was out cold in my bed and dreaming of Duncan, who turned into a werewolf and was trying to kill my own vampire boyfriend. Every time I tried to see the vampire’s face, however, it was a blur.

Chapter Eight

Mom was still sleeping when I woke the next morning, which was pretty odd, considering it was after ten and she never usually slept past eight.
“Hey,” I said to Nathan, who was eating a monstrous bowl of cereal and watching television at the kitchen counter.
He smirked. “It lives.”
“Very funny, butthead,” I answered.
“Just kidding, twerp,” he replied with his mouth full. “Hey, guess who called for you this morning?”
Duncan? “Who?”
“The manager at that diner you put in an application for.”
I stared at him in surprise. “Wow, really?”
“Yeah, you’re supposed to call her back if you’re still interested in setting up an interview. Here,” he said, handing me a slip of paper, “call Rosie at that number.”
“Awesome,” I said, grinning from ear to ear.
Ten minutes later I had an interview set up for later that afternoon.
“Wow, that was fast,” said Nathan. “I guess I’ll have to give you a ride.”
“Or, you could just loan me your car.”
He snorted. “Right. Nobody drives that car but me. Not even Deanna got the privilege of driving my baby.”
“Hi, kids,” yawned mom as she shuffled into the kitchen.
“You were up late,” said Nathan.
She turned on the Keurig and smiled. “Well, Caleb’s an interesting man. He’s traveled all over the world and we talked for hours about his crazy adventures.”
“Small town sheriff-slash-traveler extraordinaire, huh?” smirked Nathan.
Her eyes lit up. “He’s been to so many places, it’s amazing.”
“Oh, shoot,” I said. “Speaking of Caleb, I forgot to tell him about the note I received from the waitress yesterday.”
Mom waved her hand. “Oh, I mentioned it to him and he didn’t seem too concerned. He said this town has had its share of crimes, but there certainly wasn’t anything to be afraid of, even in the dark. He also mentioned that Amy was having a hard time getting over the loss of her friend, the one we found. It’s made her a little… unstable.”
I narrowed my eyes. “What do you mean, unstable?”
She sighed. “I’m not supposed to talk about this, but, she tried to commit suicide a couple weeks ago.”
“Wow,” replied Nathan. “That’s rough.”
Mom nodded. “I guess her parents have been trying frantically to get her help, even going as far as putting her on antidepressants, but obviously, she still has some emotional issues.”
“And Caleb knows all about this?” I asked.
She poured some cream into her coffee. “Yeah, his daughter, Celeste went to school with Amy. They both graduated in June.”
“Oh,” I said.
“How did you sleep last night?” she asked me.
“Fine, although, I had some disturbing dreams. Other than that, I slept pretty good.”
“Holy crap,” interrupted Nathan. He turned up the volume on the television and I stared at it in horror. A picture of the waitress who’d served us yesterday flashed across the screen.
“Seventeen-year-old Amy Kreger was found in the woods near Lake Shore, early this morning,” said the female reporter, standing next to an old Chevy Camaro. “Her car had been found abandoned by the side of the road with drug paraphernalia sitting openly on the front seat. When police officers were called to investigate, they found the deceased in the woods with self-inflicted wounds on both wrists. Tragically, this young girl was close friends with Tina Johnson, who went missing a few weeks ago. Tina’s body was found just two days ago, washed up onshore in an undisclosed location. Police officials do not suspect foul play in either case.”
Nathan turned off the television and we all stared at each other in shock.
I cleared my throat. “No foul play in either case? Seems unlikely now, doesn’t it?
“Maybe it’s just two very disturbed girls,” replied Nathan.
Mom shook her head sadly. “That poor girl. Her parents must be devastated.”
“She was so pretty, too,” said Nathan. “It just goes to show that you can’t judge people by what’s on the outside. Amy must have been pretty messed up.”
I stood up. “Did it ever occur to you that maybe she wasn’t messed up?”
“Nikki…” said my mom.
“They found drugs in her car. Obviously, she had issues,” said Nathan.
“Whatever, I’m going to lie down in my room for a while,” I said. “This is nuts.”
I went upstairs and took out the note Amy had given me. It gave me the chills to know that she was now dead.
“Hey,” said Nathan from my doorway. “I’m taking the boat out in an hour if you want to get some fresh air and clear your head.”
I nodded. “Yeah, that sounds like a good idea. Is mom coming?”
He shook his head. “No, she’s going into town to talk with her new boss. I guess she’s starting work on Monday.”
“Okay. I’ll be down in an hour.”
He left and I took a quick shower, still thinking about Amy and the face in the window last night. I wasn’t sure at this point which was more disturbing. I knew one thing, however; I was going to try and talk mom out of staying here. Something was going on in this town. I wasn’t sure if it was just one crazy freak or a group of them. What I did know was that there were two dead girls and now someone was spying on us. At this point, dad seemed less frightening.
After I toweled off, I slipped on a pair of shorts and a tank top, then piled my hair on top of my head.
“Ready?” asked Nathan when I met him downstairs.
“Yeah, let me grab something to eat first”
When I entered the kitchen, mom was standing over the sink with the water running, her face pasty white.
“Are you okay?”
She nodded. “Yeah, I think I had a little too much wine last night. It’s finally catching up to me.”
“Really? A delayed hangover? That’s weird. Hey, what’s that on your neck?” I asked, staring at her skin. “Did you get bit by a couple of mosquitos?”
She touched her neck. “I must have.”
The skin on her neck was definitely swollen and there were two small red bumps just below her ear.
I squinted. “Does it itch? It looks pretty inflamed.”
My mom had always been very sensitive to bug bites, so it wasn’t a surprise that her skin was tender and sore-looking.
She shrugged. “No, not really. It’s a little tender, though.”
“You should put something on that,” I said, turning away from her. I reached into the cupboard and grabbed a box of chewy granola bars. “Some of that Neosporin stuff.”
“I will.” She touched her head and groaned. “God, remind me not to have more than one glass of wine the next time anyone offers.”
I snorted. “No doubt.”
She grabbed a paper towel, poured cool water over it, and then dabbed her forehead. “You know, I think I’m going to lie back down for a while.”
“Hey,” I said as she began walking away, “I have an interview this afternoon. That diner I was telling you about.”
“Good job, sweetheart. I’m sure you’ll get it.”
I’m sure, too. They’re really in need of help now that Amy’s gone, I thought bitterly.
Thirty minutes later, Nathan and I were racing across the lake in the boat again.
“Let’s head over to Sonny and Duncan’s marina!” he yelled over the engine.
I gave him the thumbs-up. I had to admit, the thought of seeing Duncan again was stirring up the butterflies in my stomach.
The sun was already hot, and by the time we reached the marina, I could feel the back of my neck and shoulders begin to burn. I grabbed some sunscreen and started lathering it on.
“Hey!” called Duncan, who was putting gasoline into a fishing boat.
“What’s up, Dunc?” asked Nathan.
He smiled. “Not much.”
Nathan docked the boat and tied it. “So, did your dad mention anything about the job yet?”
Duncan laughed. “Haven’t had time to talk about it. But I think you have the best shot so far. My dad seems to like you.”
“Cool. Nikki already has an interview later this afternoon for a waitressing job.”
Duncan looked at me. “Ruth’s?”
“Yeah. By the way, did you watch the news this morning?”
He shook his head. “No, been working.”
I told him about Amy and then mentioned the face in the window.
His eyebrow shot up. “Seriously? Wow, it’s weird that you mentioned that, because I’m pretty sure that someone was watching me last night, too.”

Chapter Nine

My stomach clenched up like a fist. “Really?”
He nodded. “It was just before midnight and I was in the kitchen, having a snack. I heard some weird scraping noises near one of the windows, and when I looked up, I could have sworn someone ducked away. I even went outside to check it out.”
I shivered. “Did you find anyone?”
“I didn’t. But I felt like someone was watching me when I was outside, too. I have to admit, it kind of scared the shit out of me.”
I turned to Nathan. “So, do you think I’m still seeing things?”
He looked at both of us and shook his head. “Fine, I believe you. Maybe it’s a Peeping Tom?”
Duncan shrugged. “Could be, or something worse. It also happened to me a few weeks ago, too, but I thought I was just imagining things. In fact, now that I think about it, I believe it happened around the night that girl went missing, Tina Johnson.”
I looked at both of them. “And last night, Amy was murdered.”
Nathan groaned. “Nikki, quit it already. You watched the news! They have evidence that she committed suicide. They found drugs in her car and her wrists were slashed. She was messed up. Caleb’s daughter even told him she had issues.”
“Maybe, but I still have a hard time believing it. Someone could have killed her and covered it up. She was terrified of something. Why would she warn us if she wasn’t?”
Nathan walked over and shook me playfully. “You’re making something out of nothing. Okay, even if someone was watching both of you last night, it’s probably just some pervert.”
“And that’s supposed to make me feel better?” I asked incredulously.
With a determined look on his face, Duncan said, “You know what? I think we should try and catch whoever’s doing it.”
“How?” I asked, my heart beginning to race. It sounded frightening and exciting at the same time.
“We could set up video cameras. I have some extra ones in storage that we keep for the marina. Hey, we could monitor both our cabins.”
I nodded, feeling the surge of adrenaline strike every part of my body. “I think we should! If we get it on camera, the sheriff will take us seriously!”
“Fine,” replied Nathan. “If it’s going to help you get over your paranoia, Nikki, I’ll help Duncan set it up.”
“Okay,” said Duncan. “I’m pretty busy this morning, but around lunchtime, I can get them out of storage and start setting things up.”
“I have to bring Nikki to her interview this afternoon. We’ll stop by your place after and you can follow us out to the cabin to set up something there.”
Duncan nodded. “Sounds good.”
“Thanks, Duncan,” I said softly. “I’ve been going nuts about this.”
Duncan’s eyes met mine. “You’re welcome.”
“We’d better get back,” said Nathan, looking at his watch. “I’m hungry and Nikki probably wants to prepare for her interview.”
His eyes lowered and he grinned. “If she keeps that outfit on, she’ll definitely get hired.”
My cheeks burned red. I didn’t know what to say, although I had to admit, I was beyond delighted.
Nathan snickered. “Wow, Duncan, I’ve never seen Nikki at a loss for words. Do you want to move in with us? Could sure use the peace.”
I flipped him the bird. “Very funny.”
Nathan untied the boat and pushed us away from the dock. “See you later, Dunc.”
“Yeah, see you,” I said.
“Goodbye and good luck with your interview,” he replied.
“Thanks.”
As we drifted away and Nathan started the engine, I put my sunglasses on and watched as Duncan began fueling another boat. Not only was he cute, but he believed me, without question. So far, he was the only real good thing I’d encountered in Shore Lake.

Chapter Ten

Three hours later, I sat across from Rosie, who’d inherited Ruth’s diner from her mother several years back. As she looked over my job application, I studied the rail-thin, bleach-blond woman and gathered she was somewhere in her sixties because of her weathered skin. She did have a cigarette resting behind her ear, so she could have actually been younger.
“You’re new in town?” she asked in a gravelly voice.
“Yes, we just moved here a couple of days ago.”
“Have you ever waitressed before?”
I sighed. “No. I worked at a boutique, though, so I’ve used a register before and have experience with customers.”
She nodded. “You’ll be on your feet a lot. Do you have any problems with that?”
I shook my head.
“Are you available to work nights?”
I bit the side of my lip. “I’d prefer days, if that’s possible.”
She studied me. “To be honest, I really need the help at night. I don’t expect you to work past midnight, but my second shift is really hurting right now. I’m even willing to pay you an extra dollar an hour.”
I sighed. “That’s fine. Is there a chance that I can switch to days in the future? When school starts, my mom won’t want me working past ten.”
She nodded. “We won’t make you work past nine during the week, but we’d need you until midnight on Friday or Saturday. Would that be an issue for you?”
“No,” I answered.
She asked me a few more questions then hired me on the spot.
“Wow, that was fast,” I blurted out.
She smiled. “We need the help, desperately. Can you start tomorrow?”
I nodded. “That shouldn’t be a problem.”
“You’ll be training with Susan. So, we’ll see you around four, tomorrow afternoon?”
I agreed and then she found me a uniform, which wasn’t easy with my short frame. When it was all said and done, I left the diner so giddy that I wanted to scream.
“Let me guess, they hated you,” smiled Nathan as I got into his Mustang. He’d been listening to the stereo and waiting for me in the parking lot.
I held up my hand. “I start tomorrow.”
He slapped it. “Good job. I also have awesome news; Sonny called my cell phone and I start next Monday. Pending a drug test. I’m sure Duncan had everything to do with it, but I’m not complaining.”
“That’s great!” I said and then swore. “So, how are we going to work this out? I need a ride to and from work until I’m able to get a car. They want me working second shift.”
“If I’m at the marina, I’ll try and work something out with Sonny. Maybe I can take my lunch break and pick you up at the cabin? I’m sure he’ll be cool with that. It’ll just be for a little while, anyway.”
I smiled. “Thanks. I know it isn’t easy driving me around everywhere.”
“Yeah, you’re kind of a pain in the ass,” he smirked.
I smacked him in the shoulder again. “You are an ass so I guess it kind of makes sense.”
He rubbed his arm. “I must have a permanent bruise there from you beating up on me all the time. Show your brother some love,” he pouted.
“Shut your yap and you won’t get hurt.”
“Ho, ho… big words from such a little twerp,” he said.
I raised my fist again. “You don’t listen very well, do you?”
He snorted and shook his head. “You’re so violent.”
I smiled. “Just remember that.”
“So, let’s head over to the marina and check out the surveillance equipment,” he said.
“Okay.”
Nathan gave me a sideways glance. “Although I’m sure Duncan will be monitoring someone else.”
“What?”
Nathan smiled. “Oh, come on. You know he has the hots for you.”
“Whatever,” I said, looking out the window.
“He does, but that’s okay because he seems like a decent guy. I think you should go for it.”
I snorted. “Go for it? Look, I’m not interested in going for anything right now.”
“Right. That’s why you blush every time he looks your way.”
“I do not!”
“You’re face turns as red as a tomato.”
I could feel it burning right now as he teased me.
“See!” he laughed.
“It’s just a sunburn!”
He shook his head and gave me a knowing look.
I turned up the radio and tried avoiding his smartass grin.
When we arrived at the marina, we walked over to the cabin next door, where Duncan was adjusting his surveillance equipment.
“All set?” asked Nathan.
He nodded. “Yeah, I’ve got cameras set up all around the perimeter of this place. There’s no way I’ll miss this guy if he comes back.”
“You still want to do our cabin, too?”
He nodded. “Yeah, I’ll follow you in my truck. I’m ready whenever you are.”
“Shoot, I just remembered, I have to pick up mom’s dry cleaning. Is it okay if Nikki rides with you and shows you where we live? I’ll meet you both at the cabin as soon as I’m done.”
My eyes narrowed, I didn’t remember her requesting anything like that. In fact, she was supposed to drive into town herself sometime today. I didn’t mention any of this, however. I didn’t want Duncan to think Nathan was trying to play matchmaker.
“Sure,” replied Duncan. He looked at me. “Should we get going?”
I nodded and then followed him to a white pickup truck with “Sonny’s Boat Repairs” on it.
Duncan apologized. “Sorry, it’s nothing fancy but it gets me places.”
I smiled. “It’s better than what I have, which is nothing.”
He turned the radio on and glanced at me. “You look nice. How did your interview go?”
I smiled. “I got the job. In fact, I start tomorrow evening.”
“See, I told you, you’d get it.”
I looked down at my clothes. For the interview, I had worn a peach silk blouse and mid-length black skirt with heels. My feet were already killing me.
“I guess I know where I’ll be eating dinner from now on.”
I laughed. “It’s your stomach. I’m not cooking, you know, I’m only serving.”
He shrugged. “That’s okay. I’ll come in and be one of those annoying customers who sits and drinks coffee all day long, but I’ll leave a much better tip.”
“As long as you tip, I’ll save you a booth.”
“So,” he said, changing the subject. “Do you remember anything about the face you saw in the window?”
I shook my head. “No, it left so quickly. I know it wasn’t an animal like the sheriff suggested.”
“You called the sheriff?”
“He came over for dinner. He has the hots for my mom.”
He laughed. “Boy, he works fast.”
“My mom is already looking at engagement rings.”
He raised his eyebrows.
I laughed. “I’m just kidding.”
“I was going to say...”
“No, but she certainly likes him. Anyway, he went out and looked around for a while, but figured it was just a raccoon.”
“But you don’t believe it?”
“No,” I said. “There wasn’t any fur on the face that I saw.”
I then explained about the feeling of being watched when we were on the deck and the shadow that flew into the trees. As I went on, his face darkened.
“What?” I asked.
“That’s happened to me before, too. I thought I was imagining it and made excuses, thinking it was a large barn owl or something.”
I could feel the goose bumps traveling up my arms again. “This thing that I saw stood as tall as you. I couldn’t make out what it looked like, but it was something much larger than a bird.”
“Hopefully, these cameras will pick something up. They have a range of one hundred feet. I’ll make sure some of them are pointing towards the woods, too.”
When we made it back to the cabin, it was almost five o’clock and my mother was gone.
“Wow, nice place,” said Duncan.
“It is. Too bad I’m not enjoying it because I’m so freaked out at night.”
“I don’t blame you.”
I showed him around the cabin and then he started unloading the truck.
“Um, is there a way that you can put a camera near my bedroom balcony?” I asked.
“Have you seen someone looking through it?” he asked, incredulously.
“Actually, I thought I saw someone staring at me through the window in my bathroom when I was getting out of the tub.”
He raised his eyebrows. “He actually saw you naked?”
My face turned pink. “I think so.”
Duncan smiled wickedly. “I guess it would be inappropriate for me to say, ‘Lucky man’?”
My jaw dropped and I smiled. “Uh, yeah!”
“I’m sorry, I just couldn’t resist.”
“Right.”
“I’m sorry, that was uncalled for; a feeble attempt to flirt.”
“You were trying to flirt with me?”
His gray eyes burned into mine. “I was. Did it work?”
I shivered in pleasure. “Well, I…”
Thankfully, Nathan pulled up in his car at that moment and I was saved from having to answer anything.
“Hey, guys,” he said, slamming the door.
“Hi,” said Duncan, walking past him. “Nikki just gave me a tour of the place, so let’s start getting these things set up before it gets dark.”
“Sounds good,” replied Nathan.
“Where’s the dry cleaning?” I whispered.
He smiled sheepishly. “Oh, I must have forgotten it.”
“You did that on purpose. Thanks,” I said, sarcastically.
“You’re welcome. Did you guys make out, yet?”
I punched him in the shoulder.

Chapter Eleven

It took a couple of hours to set up all of the cameras. Mom showed up just as we were finishing up.
“What’s all this?” she asked.
Nathan explained that we were setting up surveillance to catch a Peeping Tom.
“I thought we were through with that?” she said. She was wearing dark sunglasses and looked like she was still suffering from her hangover.
I cleared my throat. “Duncan had someone looking in his windows last night, too, mom. It’s not just us.”
She raised her eyebrows. “Really?”
Duncan nodded. “Yeah and it was definitely not an animal.”
Mom yawned. “Then I hope you catch whoever is doing it. It’s probably some pervert or something.”
“Or a killer,” I said.
“What?” she asked, incredulously. She’d obviously heard me but didn’t believe what I was suggesting.
“Nothing.”
She yawned again. “Listen, I’m going to lie down for a while. I’m so wiped out.”
“Do you want me to make dinner?” I asked.
She grimaced. “Actually, I’ve been nauseated all day. I’m going to eat a couple more crackers and then go right to bed.”
“Duncan, would you like to dine with us?” asked Nathan as mom trudged up the stairs and into the cabin. “I make a mean frozen pizza.”
Duncan laughed. “No, I have to head back before my old man starts hounding me again,” he said, raising his cell phone. “He’s already sent me a message, wondering where I am.”
“Okay, thanks for setting all of this up. I kind of hope we see some action tonight,” said Nathan.
“Here’s my number,” he said, holding out a business card. “My dad made these for me to give to customers. Call me if something happens.”
“Will do. Your dad has my number, call me if you catch a prowler.”
“Okay. Good luck with your new job, Nikki,” said Duncan. “I’ll give you a couple of days before I stop in and harass you.”
“Thanks.”
After Duncan left, we walked around the perimeter of the house again to make sure all of the cameras were facing the right way.
“There’s even one by your balcony to make sure some Romeo doesn’t try and steal you away at night.”
I snorted. “If someone shows up on my balcony, I’m going to beat them with my bat while I scream bloody murder.”
He laughed. “That guy has no chance.”
We went into the kitchen where Nathan made a pizza and then joined me on the couch to watch movies.
“So what do you think of mom dating Caleb?” I asked.
“He seems like a good guy.”
“You don’t think it’s too soon for her?”
“I think mom is lonely and wants to feel protected. The town’s sheriff sure fits that bill.”
I shrugged. “I suppose. I’m just worried about her getting hurt.”
“Nobody can hurt her as much as dad did,” said Nathan. “Sad but true.”
That was for certain.
I fell asleep halfway through some horror flick about zombies when several loud thuds from outside woke me up.
“What was that?” I gasped.
Nathan stood up and I could tell he was as freaked out as I was. “I don’t know.”
Something heavy banged against the door, and we both jumped.
“Oh, my God, Nathan, what’s happening?”
He ran into the kitchen and came back out carrying the butcher knife.
“You’re not going out there, are you?” I whispered in horror.
He swallowed. “I was considering it.”
More loud bangs and I grabbed the phone. “I’m calling nine-one-one.”
“Wait, it could be a raccoon or a bear.”
“A bear; like you’d want to tackle that by yourself, anyway.”
He nodded. “True. I’m going to open up the blinds and look outside.”
I followed him over to the window. “Can you see anything?” I asked as he peeked through the gap in the blinds.
“Shit,” he whispered.
“What?”
He turned towards me, his face as white as a ghost. “It’s the cameras. Un… fucking… believable!”
I looked outside and gasped. Even in the dark I could tell that someone had destroyed all of the surveillance equipment we’d set up.
We raced upstairs and woke up mom. She called the police, and a half hour later, one of the deputy sheriffs arrived at the house.
“I don’t know who did this, but they’re gone now,” he said. He was a middle-aged man with a curly black moustache that he kept touching, which creeped me out.
Mom let out a long, ragged sigh. “Why would somebody do this?”
“Oh, I don’t know… so they wouldn’t get caught spying on us?” I muttered sarcastically.
“Can you check for fingerprints or anything?” asked Nathan.
He nodded. “Yeah, I put a call in for a couple of our guys to get out here and do that, so try not to touch anything. They should be arriving any minute.”
“So, where is the sheriff?” I asked.
“Caleb? Oh, it’s his night off,” replied the deputy. “He won’t be back in until late tomorrow night.”
Mom nodded. “He mentioned that he was going out of town today with his daughter.”
“Let me get a statement from you and then I’ll be on my way. There isn’t much we can do without any evidence right now. If we pick up something from the fingerprints, we’ll proceed from there.”
After everyone was gone, mom dragged herself back to bed but Nathan and I were still spooked and unable to sleep.
Nathan shook his head. “Duncan is going to be pissed when he finds out what happened. That was thousands of dollars in video equipment this person destroyed.”
“Let’s call him, it’s only eleven. I’m sure he’s awake.”
A half hour later Duncan pulled up in his white truck. Our eyes met immediately and I had to admit, I was really glad to see him.
“Wow,” he said, “This is amazing. I can’t believe someone trashed all of these cameras. Did you see anything?’
“We heard the crashes but were too freaked out to investigate when it was happening,” I said. “It actually happened pretty quickly.”
“They must have brought their own ladder,” said Nathan. “I locked up the other one we’d used, earlier.”
Duncan walked over to one of the trees and smiled proudly. “They missed one. I hid it pretty good. Let’s go see if it recorded anything interesting.”
Nathan slapped him on the back. “You are the man!”
Fifteen minutes later, we stared in awe at the video screen.
“What in the hell?” asked Nathan.
We watched in disbelief, as two of the other cameras were violently ripped from the house, but there was no sign of whoever was doing it.
“Ghosts?” I gasped incredulously. “I mean, there’s nobody there!”
Duncan and Nathan looked at each other, both obviously stunned as well.
“This is freaking crazy. It doesn’t make sense,” said Nathan.
We rewound the video and watched it again with the same results. It seemed as if an invisible force had destroyed each of the cameras.
“Okay, common sense doesn’t explain this at all,” said Duncan. “Maybe it is some kind of poltergeist?”
“If it is, I’m definitely not staying here any longer,” I said. The thought of the cabin being inhabited by ghosts freaked the crap out of me. I saw the movies Poltergeist and Amityville Horror. I knew when it was time to leave. Not after the ghosts tried killing you, but before.
“We have to show the sheriff,” said Nathan. “Maybe he can make sense of it.”
“Sense? A fucking ghost is messing with our minds, Nathan,” I snapped. “You keep trying to make scientific excuses because you don’t want to believe it. Look at the film! You heard the loud bangs! The cameras didn’t just fall from the house by themselves! We’ve got to get the hell out of this town!”
He raised his hands. “Okay, calm down. You’re right. Something is happening that is beyond any explanation that I can come up with. We’ll show mom tomorrow and still talk to the sheriff. If it is some kind of ghost, we’ll get the cabin… exorcised or something.”
“Maybe you should talk to the owners of the cabin?” interrupted Duncan. “They might already be aware of these ghosts.”
“What about your house, Duncan?” I asked. “How do you explain the face in the window or shadows flying into the trees?”
He smiled wryly. “Maybe the ghost is roaming the town? I don’t know. None of this shit makes sense to me, either.”
We watched the video one last time and then Duncan turned it off. “I’m going home to check on the cameras I’ve installed there, to see if they’re still in place. I’ll call you if I find anything else odd.”
“Duncan,” I said. “I’m sorry about the damaged equipment. I wish we could somehow replace it for you.”
He waved his hand. “Hell, it’s not your fault. If anything, we may have actual proof that ghosts inhabit Shore Lake,” he said with a sinister smile. “We could all become rich and famous.”

Chapter Twelve

I woke up around nine-thirty the next morning and noticed that mom was still sleeping.
“She must be coming down with something,” I said to Nathan, who was outside sweeping up pieces of the broken video equipment.
He shrugged. “Could be the fresh air.”
“Maybe. So, did you hear anything from Duncan yet?”
“Yeah, he said his cameras were fine and there didn’t appear to be anything unusual going on in the videos.”
“That’s good, I guess. I had a hard time sleeping last night. I felt like something was watching me again.”
He laughed. “Probably me. I checked up on you a couple of times and you were snoring away.”
“I do not snore
“How in the hell do you know?”
I raised my chin. “I just do.”
He snorted. “Whatever. Anyway, as soon as mom gets up, we’ll show her the video and see what she thinks.”
Just then, an old red pickup drove up the path and parked next to Nathan’s Mustang.
“It’s our neighbor. I think mom said her name’s Abigail,” said Nathan.
“Hello!” said the older woman, getting out of the truck. “I just wanted to stop by and welcome you. Sorry it took me so long.”
“No problem,” said Nathan. “We should have come over and introduced ourselves.”
“No worries,” she replied, carrying a large pie pan. “I hope you like strawberry rhubarb pie; I made it fresh, early this morning!”
“We love it, thank you,” said Nathan as she handed it to him. “Wow, it looks awesome.”
“My name is Abigail, by the way. I live at the next cabin over.”
“I’m Nathan and that’s Nikki,” said Nathan.
“Hi,” I said.
“Wonderful to meet you both.”
Abigail looked like she was in her seventies or eighties, had reddish-brown hair and watery green eyes.
“I’ll be right back,” said Nathan. “I’ll put the pie in the kitchen. Did you want a piece, Abigail?”
She shook her head and smiled. “No, but thank you. I made it for you folks.”
“Okay, if you change your mind, let me know,” he called, going into the house.
“Um, our mother’s not feeling well,” I explained. “Otherwise she’d be out here greeting you, too. I’m sure she’ll be sad that she missed you.”
She smiled. “That’s all right.”
“I suppose you saw the police here a couple of times,” I said.
Her smile fell. “Yes I did notice that.”
“We found a body the first night we arrived, and last night, someone smashed our video equipment. We’ve been trying to catch the culprit. It’s been pretty crazy.”
“A body?” she said, her eyes widening. “Was it that young girl they mentioned on the news? Tina Johnson?”
I nodded. “Yes. They think she drowned and washed up here.”
“They don’t think it’s… foul play?”
“Well,” I said. “Personally, I think it is, but nobody else seems to believe it.”
She leaned forward. “And why do you think it’s foul play?”
I sighed. “Because we’ve had someone trying to scare us every night since we arrived. Then, the waitress who supposedly killed herself in the woods the other night, Amy? She gave me a warning the same day she died.”
“What do you mean?”
“She slipped me a note at Ruth’s, warning me not to go out at night and not to let any strangers into our home.”
Abigail stared at me for a few seconds and then let out a long sigh. “Nikki, she gave you some good advice. If I were you, I’d stay in and not invite anyone into your cabin. Especially, those you don’t know.”
My heart began to pound. “So, you think it’s dangerous out here at night?”
Her eyes grew misty. “I know it is. My husband was killed by something evil,” she said, looking up at towards trees. “There are things in Shore Lake that you don’t know about; things you couldn’t even imagine. In fact, I wanted to come over and warn you myself, before I left town.”
“What do you mean?” I asked, the hair standing up on the back of my neck.
Just then, Nathan walked out. “Okay, I couldn’t resist, Abigail; I had a little piece. And let me tell you, it was the best strawberry rhubarb pie I’d ever tasted.”
She nodded. “Good.”
Noticing her sudden melancholy, he asked, “Are you okay?”
“Um, Nathan, Abigail was just telling me it’s dangerous here at night and that her husband was murdered.”
Nathan’s stared at her in horror. “Your husband was murdered? Do you know who did it?”
“Vampires,” she stated without hesitation.
“Excuse me?” choked Nathan.
Her face darkened. “Shore Lake is infested with vampires.”
He burst out laughing and clapped his hands. “Okay, very funny, Abigail. Vampires, that’s a good one!”
The look in her eyes was so serious, it made me start to doubt what was real and what wasn’t.
“Don’t mock me,” she said. “I’m not joking, young man.”
The porch door opened up and mom stepped out. She was wearing dark sunglasses and still looked unusually pale.
“Hey, mom,” said Nathan. “This is Abigail.”
Mom nodded. “Yes, I remember seeing you fishing the other day. Nice to meet you, Abigail. I’m Anne.”
“Nice to meet you, too. Say, if you don’t mind my asking, what’s wrong with your neck?”
The swelling on mom’s neck appeared to be getting worse. She touched it and winced. “I don’t know. I think I was bitten by a couple of mosquitos, or maybe even a spider.”
Abigail cleared her throat. “I used to be a nurse, can I take a look?”
“Sure,” replied mom.
Abigail walked up onto the porch and examined the bites. After a few seconds she stepped back. “When did you get those?”
Mom shrugged. “I don’t know, the other night when the sheriff was over for dinner. I didn’t notice it until the next morning.”
“Sheriff Caleb?” asked Abigail.
“Yes, the sheriff,” I said. “I guess you could say they’re dating.”
Abigail backed away from mom and then hurried down the porch. “I have to go. It was nice meeting you folks.”
“What’s wrong?” I asked. First her talk about vampires, and now she appeared to be spooked by the bites on mom’s neck. Then it hit me. “You’re not thinking that the bites on mom’s neck are… vampire bites, are you?” I asked with a wry smile. Even I had a hard time believing her ridiculous talk. Believing in ghosts was bad enough.
She opened her truck door and turned back to look at us. “Damn right I do.”



Chapter Thirteen

“What?” chuckled mom, staring at her in disbelief.
She pointed towards her neck. “You’ve got the mark and if you don’t get out of town while you still can, you’ll be a threat to your children and everyone else in town.”
All of us watched her in stunned silence as she slammed the door and drove away, kicking up dust in her wake.
“Now that was really weird,” I said.
“What a fruitcake,” said mom as she turned around and headed back into the house. “Certifiable nutcase.”
I followed her in and we went into the kitchen.
“So, um… are you feeling, okay?” I asked.
She removed her sunglasses and smiled. “I feel like turning into a vampire and sucking your blood!” she joked.
I snorted. “Yeah, that was one weird old lady. Maybe she’s the one trying to scare us.”
She sighed. “You know, I never thought of that. I should mention it to Caleb when he comes over tonight.”
“Are you guys going on a real date this time, or are you cooking, again?”
“Actually, he’s planning on bringing me to his place. His daughter is making dinner for both of us, I guess.”
“Mom,” said Nathan, coming into the kitchen. “Did Nikki tell you yet?”
“Tell me what?”
Nathan told her about the video and she followed us into the den to watch it.
“Something must be wrong with the camera,” said mom. “There’s no way that video equipment fell to the ground on its own.”
“Or… we have a poltergeist,” I said.
She looked at me and groaned. “You’ve got to be kidding! First all this talk about vampires, and now, you, with the ghosts?”
“Then how do you explain what happened on the film?” said Nathan. “Even I’m having a little trouble with it.”
She closed her eyes and rubbed the bridge of her nose. “Seriously, I don’t know. Maybe Duncan didn’t fasten them down tight enough and they fell. Or maybe an animal pulled them down.”
“I think we should show them to the sheriff and see what he thinks,” said Nathan.
“Okay, he’ll be here after nine o’clock to pick me up. I’ll show him.”
“You hungry, mom?” asked Nathan. “I can make you something.”
“Could you? I’m starving,” she said. “I’ll go take a shower and you can make me whatever you want.”
“Okay, how about a hamburger?” he asked.
She yawned. “Oh, now that sounds good.”
“How do you want it prepared?”
Mom turned to him and smiled wickedly. “Bloody rare. I’m turning into a vampire, you know.”

~~~

I spent most of the day watching television and thinking about Duncan. He was coming over tonight when I was finished at the diner, and all three of us were going to try and videotape some more ghost activity. Nathan now believed it was really a poltergeist and was even talking about hiring an expert to help us.
Nathan dropped me off at the diner just before four o’clock. It was busy and the waitress who was supposed to train me, Susan, appeared stressed out.
“Just follow me around for now and when it slows up, I’ll go over the menus and tickets,” she said, stepping around me with a tray full of food.
“Okay.”
I followed her to a busy table while other customers tried getting her attention. She handed out the food and then I followed her back to the counter, where she handed me a coffeepot.
“Better idea, why don’t you just go around and see if any of my tables need coffee or soda refills?” she said, pointing to her section.
Unfortunately, it never did slow down and I spent most of my time following her around or refilling beverages. At the end of the night, my feet were sore, but Susan had shared some of her tips, so I was happy.
“Sorry the training sucked today,” she said, removing her apron. “We’ve been so busy ever since Amy…” she looked away.
I nodded. “I understand.”
She turned back to me and her eyes were moist. “She was a good friend. It’s going to be hard to replace her.”
“I doubt I could ever replace her,” I said. “In fact, she was the one who gave me the application in the first place.”
“Listen, if you can stay a little later tomorrow night, I’ll go over everything else with you that we missed during our shift. Friday evenings are always busy, so plan on being here, late.”
“Okay, thanks.”
“Just remember two of the most important rules: the customer is always right, even when they’re wrong, and to always smile, even when you want to slit their throats. Especially the super picky customers.”
I smiled. “Okay.”
She stared at me for a minute.
“What?” I asked.
“You know, you look very similar to Amy. Different color hair, but your features are similar.”
My cell phone began to vibrate.
“It’s my ride,” I told her and answered the phone.
“Hi,” said Nathan. “My car won’t start.”
“What do you mean?”
He sighed. “The battery must be dead or something. I’m trying to get ahold of Duncan, to see if he can give you a ride home.”
“What about mom?”
“I can’t find her keys anywhere. Caleb’s already picked her up, and she forgot her cell phone here on the counter.”
“Great. Okay, let me know if you talk to Duncan. I’ll just hang out here for a while.”
I hung up the phone and Susan tapped me on the shoulder. “Sorry, I wasn’t trying to listen in but… do you need a ride?”
“I might.”
“My brother should be here in a half hour. I’m sure he’ll give you one.”
I smiled. “Thanks. I can’t wait until I get my own car. Relying on someone else for a ride all the time is so frustrating.”
“I know. I’m going outside to have a smoke, you want to join me?”
“I don’t smoke but I’ll come out with you”
We both grabbed a couple of sodas and I followed her out the back door of the diner where there was a picnic table. We sat down in the darkness and she cleared her throat. “At least it’s a nice night. The moon is full and there aren’t any clouds.”
It was true; the stars were bright and it was a little cool outside, so we weren’t getting bitten up by mosquitoes. It seemed really peaceful, although I kept thinking about Amy and her warnings about how dangerous it was at night in Shore Lake.
Susan lit up a cigarette and took a long drag. “Oh, man, I needed that.”
“So… you were friends with Amy?” I asked.
“Yeah,” she said, looking away. “I still can’t believe she’s gone.”
“She seemed really nice when I met her.”
Susan looked at me and nodded. “She was a sweetheart. Her boyfriend, though, he was scary. I’m glad she dumped him.”
“She had a boyfriend?”
She blew out another stream of smoke. “Yeah, Ethan. He hangs out here sometimes at night with his crew. They’re all kind of freaky if you ask me.”
“Why, what do you mean?”
Susan shrugged. “I don’t know; there’s just something strange about them. They come in here, hardly saying a word to each other. They just sit and stare at us, sipping their coffee. Ethan is the scariest. He’s cute, but there’s something about him that makes me nervous. He has these penetrating blue eyes that give me the creeps. Anyway, I really hate serving them, but they’re paying customers, so we can’t exactly kick them out.”
I cleared my throat. “Weird. So, why did she break up with this Ethan guy?”
She laughed. “Amy always had quite the imagination. Everyone thought she was a little… nuts, and maybe, she really was. I mean, she did kill herself. Anyway, she once told me she thought he was a vampire.”
“What?” I choked on my diet soda.
“I know, right?” she smirked. “A freakin’ vampire! Although, if I did believe in vampires, he’d be the first on my list of suspects.”
My throat was really dry as I took another sip of soda. First Abigail, and now Amy; both believed there were vampires roaming the town.
“We’d better go back into the diner,” she said, putting out her cigarette. “My brother will be here soon. I’ll see if he can give you a ride.”
My cell phone went off again as we entered the diner.
“It’s Nathan,” said my brother. “Duncan’s coming to pick you up.”
“Great, thanks,” I said.
“Make sure he brings you straight home. Don’t go jumping his bones or anything.”
“Ha-ha. You are such a comedian.”
He laughed and hung up.
“I’m getting a ride from a friend,” I told Susan. “Thanks for the offer, though.”
“No problem. Oh, my brother’s here,” she said, looking at her phone. “He just texted me. I’ll see you tomorrow, at four o’clock again?”
“Yeah, see you tomorrow.”
After she left, I sat down at one of the booths, to finish my soda and wait for Duncan. As I watched the front door, a group of kids around my age walked through. One of the other waitresses seated them.
“Same as usual?” asked the older waitress, who I’d met earlier. Her name was Darlene and she was close to retiring.
“Just coffee,” said a broad-shouldered, dark-haired guy, ordering for everyone. He handed her back the menu and our eyes met.
Embarrassed, I looked away quickly and stared outside at the parking lot, watching for Duncan.
Before I could blink, someone slid into my booth and I was suddenly facing the stranger whose eyes I’d just met.
“Um, hi,” I said, sitting up straighter.
“Um, hi, yourself,” he said with a slow, lazy grin.
Oh wow…
“I’m Nikki,” I replied, feeling myself blush at the intense way he was staring at me. I knew it had to be Amy’s ex-boyfriend, and he was undoubtedly gorgeous. He had thick, dark eyebrows with icy blue eyes; his face was perfectly sculpted with high cheekbones and a strong chin. His lips… they were sensual and even fuller than mine.
“You’re new in town?”
“Yes,” I replied, now studying his face more closely. He was definitely a little pale, which reminded me of the fact that Amy had accused him of being vampire. As I stared at him, I reasoned that most girls my age would have swooned at such a good-looking guy, but after everything that had happened the last few nights, I felt a cold shiver run down my spine.
“Welcome to Shore Lake,” he replied, looking into my eyes again.
“Thanks.”
It was weird, but we sat there and stared at each other for a while without talking. Soon, I started feeling a heat somewhere inside of my belly that turned into an overwhelming ache of desire, further south.
“I, ah…” My heart was pounding in my chest and I felt a strong urge to touch him. It was almost overwhelming.
“Nikki,” interrupted Duncan, standing next to our table. “Are you ready to go?”
I looked at Duncan and the spell, or whatever it was, was broken. “Yeah,” I said. “I’m ready.”
“Goodbye, Nikki,” said Ethan, with a small grin. “I’m sure we’ll meet again.”
“Goodbye,” I murmured, looking away. I was confused at the intense rush of desire I’d had for Ethan. He was a total stranger. How did that even happen?
“Who was that?” asked Duncan as he followed me out to his truck.
I don’t know how I knew, but there was no doubt in my mind that Ethan was still staring at me through the window. I shivered and wrapped my arms around myself. “You might think I’m crazy, but I’m pretty sure he was a vampire.”

Chapter Fourteen

“Excuse me?” he asked, unlocking the truck.
We both slid inside and I looked at him. “Amy was convinced he was a vampire, and there’s something about him that’s totally… unnerving.”
He shook his head and smiled as he started up the truck. “Okay, your imagination is really getting the best of you. It’s bad enough that there might be a ghost haunting your cabin, but a vampire in the local diner?”
I nodded. “I feel the same way, but there was something so strange about him. He made me feel…”
He raised his eyebrows. “He made you feel what?”
I swallowed hard. “Um, weird.”
I wasn’t about to tell Duncan that at one moment, I wanted to jump Ethan’s bones and probably would have, if we’d been alone. It didn’t even make sense to me.
Duncan looked back towards the diner. “If he gives you any problems, let me know.”
I smiled. “Sure.”
We pulled out of the parking lot in silence as I thought about the strange encounter. Duncan glanced at me a couple of times, and I could tell there was something on his mind, as well.
“What’s wrong?” I asked him.
He pulled over to the side of the road.
“What is it, Duncan?”
He tapped the steering wheel a couple of times and then looked at me. There was a funny smile on his face. “When I approached you with Ethan, you almost looked like you were ready to tear his clothes off or something. I don’t know; it just made me feel a little… jealous.”
I’m not even sure how it happened, but the next thing I knew, I was straddling him in the front seat and our mouths were crushed against each other.
“Nikki,” he groaned against my lips.
My heart was pounding madly in my chest and I rocked against him, causing him to suck in his breath. He pulled away and looked into my eyes.
“I don’t think…” he whispered.
“Don’t think,” I said breathlessly, pulling him back towards my lips. There was an intense hunger inside of me, one that I’d never felt before. I wanted to tear off both of our clothing, just so I could feel our skin moving against each other.
His mouth was hot, and soon he was kissing my neck while his hands moved under my shirt. As he was about to slide his fingers under my bra, my cell phone rang, startling us both. He quickly removed his hands and I got off of his lap.
My face was burning with embarrassment as I fumbled for my phone. “Yeah?” I said into it, unable to look at Duncan.
“Hello to you, too,” mumbled Nathan.
I cleared my throat. “Sorry.”
“You guys almost home, yet?”
I nervously bit off a hangnail. “Almost.”
“Okay, I ordered a pizza and it’s already here, so hurry the hell up.”
I hung up and stole a glance at Duncan.
“I’m sorry,” he said, although his eyes were still smoldering. “I don’t know what came over me.”
I smiled sheepishly. “I, um… it was me. I practically raped you. I’ve never done that before, to anyone. I’m sorry.”
“At least I know you like me.”
I burst out laughing. “Do you think?”
“I’m sure you could probably tell that I liked you, too,” he said, grinning.
My cheeks grew hot and I changed the subject. “So, I hope you’re hungry. Nathan has a pizza waiting for us.”
“Oh, I’m starving, alright,” he said under his breath.
I looked at him and sighed. “Duncan, I…”
He stared at me for a minute. “It’s okay,” he said. “I’m not in a rush for anything.”
I smiled. “Thank you. I really do like you, you know. I’m just…”
He held up his hand. “Hey, it’s okay.”
It wasn’t okay. I really liked Duncan but I’d never attacked anyone before in my life like that. It was almost like the burning desire I’d felt towards Ethan had carried over towards Duncan. I was beginning to wonder if Ethan really was a vampire and had given off some kind of weird pheromone.
We rode in silence the rest of the way to the cabin. Nathan was sitting on the porch, holding a BB gun, when we arrived.
“We come in peace,” teased Duncan, raising his hands in the air.
Nathan grinned. “Sorry. I was beginning to freak myself out, so I grabbed my old BB gun. I thought I heard some noises in the woods. But then, I actually found a couple of raccoons prowling around.”
“Is the video camera still set up?” asked Duncan.
“Yeah. I think we should hang out on Nikki’s balcony and watch from above. See if we can see anyone sneaking around,” said Nathan. “Just in case it isn’t a ghost, but some jackass trying to screw with us.”
“Good idea,” replied Duncan.
We went inside, grabbed the box of pizza and some plates, and then headed up to my bedroom. On the balcony, Nathan had set up three chairs and a bistro table. We sat down and started eating.
“How was work?” asked Nathan.
“Busy. I met this girl named Susan who was friends with Amy.”
“Is she cute?” asked Nathan.
“God, is that all you think about?” I asked.
“Is there anything else, Dunc?”
Duncan smiled but didn’t say anything.
“Anyway, Susan was telling me that Amy believed her ex-boyfriend, Ethan, was a vampire.”
Nathan snorted. “Yeah, I’d say Amy was a little messed up.”
“I don’t know,” I said, staring at my pizza.
His eyes narrowed. “What do you mean, you don’t know?”
I swallowed. “I met Ethan tonight and there was something really strange about him.”
“He was dating Amy at one point, that tells you enough right there,” said Nathan.
“No, he came over and sat by me at the restaurant. When he looked into my eyes, I almost felt like… I was under some kind of spell.”
“How do you mean?” asked Nathan.
“I can’t explain it,” I said, looking sideways at Duncan. There was no way I was going to explain my desire to jump Ethan’s bones, especially after what had happened between us, in the truck.
Nathan sat back and groaned. “There is no such thing as vampires, period. Quit letting Abigail’s and Amy’s crazy notions play with your mind. I mean, come on, Nikki, you know better than that!”
I shrank down in my seat. “I know. It’s just…I can’t explain it.”
Nathan looked at Duncan. “What do you think about all of this?”
Duncan shrugged. “I don’t know. I think something strange is going on and I’m not ruling anything out.”
Nathan snorted. “Even vampires?”
“Maybe this Ethan guy believes he’s a vampire and knows how to manipulate other people into believing it, too.”
“That sounds more reasonable to me. Maybe he knows how to actually hypnotize people. That would explain how Nikki believed she was under some kind of spell.”
“Maybe,” I answered.
We sat in silence, as we finished the pizza and stared towards the woods. It was pretty silent except for the leaves rustling in the wind.
“Anyone want something to drink?” asked Nathan, standing up.
“I’ll take some water,” I said.
“Me, too,” answered Duncan.
When Nathan left us alone, I stole a glance towards Duncan, who I found was staring at me.
“What?” I asked.
He smiled. “I was just thinking how beautiful you looked in the moonlight. I know that sounds like a line, but it’s true.”
I returned his smile. “Thanks, Duncan.”
He clasped his fingers and rested his chin on them. “Did you leave a broken heart back in California?”
I snorted. “No. In fact, I guess you could say I haven’t had many boyfriends.”
“I find that hard to believe. The guys there must be blind and stupid.”
I blushed. “It’s not like I didn’t get asked out. I just wasn’t interested, I guess.”
“So, would you be interested now?”
I nodded.
He smiled.
“Duncan,” said Nathan, as he stepped onto the balcony. “I almost forgot, could you take a look at my Mustang? I think it’s the battery I’m having problems with, but I want to make sure.”
“Do you have a battery tester?” he asked.
“Actually, there might be one in the garage, I never even looked.”
Duncan got up. “Let’s go and check it out.”
Nathan nodded. “Thanks. Nikki, you can keep watch from up here and let us know if you see anything. I brought you the BB gun,” he said, handing it to me. “You still know how to use it?”
“Yeah.”
“Okay. Holler if you see anything,” he said.
They left me and I gripped the gun firmly in my hands, feeling uneasy because I was now alone and they were going to be in the garage.
Nathan’s laughter echoed through the darkness. I watched as the guys stepped away from the cabin and headed over to the garage.
“Nothing to be afraid of,” I murmured to myself, staring towards the dark woods.
An owl hooted and I was reminded of some of the scary movies I’d watched with Nathan. An owl hoots and then something sinister usually happens in the next scene. I knew it was just cinema, but I felt a chill in my veins just the same.
My eyes darted quickly from one side of the yard to the other, and my breath caught in my throat as I saw a shadow move across the grass. I looked up into the sky, but saw nothing out of the ordinary.
“Nikki,” whispered a deep masculine voice behind me.
I turned around, but found myself alone. I stood up and backed away from the table, frightened beyond belief. Hot breath brushed against the back of my neck and I whirled around again, this time seeing a blurry haze of movement.
“Oh, my God… Nathan!” I screamed, running into my bedroom. I ran downstairs and threw the front door open. “Nathan!” I yelled, again.
Nathan and Duncan rushed out of the garage towards me.
“What’s wrong?” called Nathan.
“Someone… was… on the balcony,” I gasped, out of breath.
He looked behind me. “Who?”
I shook my head. “I don’t know. I heard my name and then I felt someone breathing against the back of my neck.”
“Someone’s in the cabin?” Nathan swore, and then rushed past me and towards the house.
Duncan could tell I was pretty shook up and put his arms around me. He stared down into my eyes. “Are you okay?”
I nodded and leaned into him, closing my eyes.
Suddenly, he was ripped from my arms and thrown backwards.
“Duncan!” I screamed as he landed on the ground.
“I’m fine,” he answered with an incredulous look on his face. He got up and began walking back towards me.
There was a flash of movement and he went flying through the air again, much farther this time. As I rushed towards him, I felt something pick me up, and then we were moving like the wind.
“Help!” I screamed in terror. We were going so fast that my head was spinning. The next thing I knew I was lying on the ground and a pair of steely blue eyes held mine.
“We meet again,” whispered Ethan, trailing a cool finger down my cheek.
I was paralyzed as his eyes burned into mine. A familiar yearning spread through my veins and suddenly I wanted him fiercely.
“Sweet Nikki,” he whispered with a small smile. He then licked his lips and lowered them to mine. Suddenly, we were kissing and I felt an urgent need to wrap my legs around him; to surrender myself to whatever he demanded.
“Oh,” I breathed when he removed his mouth and began a hot trail down my neck with his tongue. My entire body was trembling with desire. “Oh, God.”
He chuckled softly against my skin. “Not quite.”
Someone shouted my name, startling me back to my senses and I tensed up.
Duncan!
Ethan raised his head and I could see the rage burning in his eyes. “Fuck,” he growled.
Duncan crashed through the bushes right as Ethan took off and I was left staring up at the stars in confusion.
“Are you okay?” asked Duncan, now at my side, looking down at me.
“I think so,” I replied, as he helped me up.
“What in the hell just happened!” hollered Nathan, stumbling through the woods, out of breath.
My lips began to tremble. “I really don’t know.”

Chapter Fifteen

Nathan and Duncan were full of questions as we walked back to the house. I was still in a state of confusion and had a difficult time answering them.
“Who was it?” asked Duncan.
“Where’d they go?” asked Nathan.
I shook my head. “I…I just can’t remember.”
It wasn’t exactly true, but my thoughts were so muddled because of my overwhelming attraction towards Ethan. Part of me understood that it wasn’t natural; it was some power he was using to control me. Another part of me didn’t care; I just wanted him to have his way with me, whatever it was.
Nathan scratched his head. “Did you see who it was, Duncan?”
He shook his head. “I was thrown backwards and then she was gone in a flash. It was crazy.”
Nathan scowled. “I don’t even know how to call this one in to nine-one-one. Attempted kidnapping by the invisible man?”
I cleared my throat. “Um, don’t worry about it, Nathan. I’m fine.”
“No, we have to call the police. You could have been murdered or raped.”
It certainly wouldn’t have been rape, I thought. Although, if he was using mind control to make me desire him so much, then it was as bad as a date rape drug.
“I didn’t see anything. I don’t even know who it was,” I protested. “The cops are going to think we’re all crazy.”
Nathan stared at me for a minute. “Okay, I’d better ask – was it human?”
“To be honest, I don’t know,” I muttered.
Duncan grabbed my hand. “I’m calling my dad to let him know I’m staying over tonight. I’m not letting you out of my sight again.”
Nathan looked at both of us. “Wait a second, did I miss something?”
I could feel my cheeks turn pink.
“I guess you could say that I’m kind of falling for your sister,” said Duncan with a sheepish grin. “I hope you’re okay with it.”
Nathan smiled. “I’m fine with it. Now I won’t be the only guy who has to suffer her P.M.S.”
I slugged him in the shoulder. “Very funny, booger.”
“See,” he said, moving away from my fist, which was cocked again.
“Heads-up, your mom’s home,” said Duncan.
She was just getting out of the sheriff’s car and he was helping her up the stairs.
“Sheriff, what’s wrong with her?” asked Nathan.
Caleb smiled. “She enjoyed one too many glasses of wine again. I brought her home so she could sleep.”
Mom gave us a lopsided grin. “Hi, my babies…”
I groaned.
She was totally hammered and stumbled towards me. “Nikki, I love you.”
Nathan and I put our arms around her and held her up. “Wow, mom,” I grunted, trying to hold her up. “I think it’s time you start laying off the vino.”
Her smile fell. “I didn’t have anything to drink.”
“Sure you did,” interrupted the sheriff. “Don’t you remember the Cabernet you picked out yourself from the wine cellar? We had it with dinner.”
Mom looked confused but then when her eyes met Caleb’s, she smiled wickedly and licked her lips. “All, I remember is dessert.”
“Okay, T.M.I.,” I replied as Nathan and I swung her away from Caleb and into the house. The idea of her and Caleb getting it on was enough to make me want to be celibate for life.
“I’ll call you tomorrow night!” called Caleb from the porch.
“Nikki, can you take care of mom? I’m going to talk to the sheriff,” said Nathan.
I nodded and then proceeded to help her upstairs, which wasn’t an easy task. When we finally made it to her bedroom, she passed out the moment her head hit the pillow. I removed her shoes and covered her up with a sheet as she began to snore.
“Nikki, the sheriff wants to talk to you,” said Duncan, as I closed mom’s bedroom door.
I nodded and took his hand while he led me back downstairs. Both Nathan and Caleb were sitting on the couch.
“So, I heard there was a little excitement here earlier?” asked Caleb.
I sighed. “I guess you could say that. It was really… bizarre.”
He nodded and took out a notepad. “Could you tell me in your words what happened?”
I gave him my version but left off the part of knowing who the person was that carried me off.
Caleb’s eyes narrowed. “So, you didn’t get a good look at the person at all? Didn’t notice what he was wearing or what he even smelled like?”
Come to think of it, Ethan had smelled like butterscotch.
I rubbed my arm. “To tell you the truth, I was so scared that I didn’t notice much of anything. I do know that he was as fast as the wind.”
Duncan nodded. “He was quick. He shoved me to the ground, twice, and I didn’t see him either; just a blur of movement.”
Sheriff Caleb put away the notes he was taking and smiled wryly. “You realize how this sounds, don’t you?”
Nathan nodded. “Crazy, I know.”
“I know, show him the video,” said Duncan.
“Oh, yeah,” replied Nathan, grabbing the tape from the fireplace mantel. “We taped this yesterday after someone destroyed all the video surveillance equipment. They apparently missed this one.”
We all watched the video in silence, and when it was over, Caleb let out a long sigh.
Nathan folded his arms across his chest. “Even crazier, huh?”
He nodded. “I don’t really know what to say about it, actually. It doesn’t really make a lot of sense.”
I cleared my throat. “What should we do?”
Caleb ran a hand over his face. “Let me take this tape and I’ll show some friends who specialize in paranormal research.”
Nathan’s jaw dropped. “So you think it might be a poltergeist, too?”
He shrugged. “Even I have to admit; it’s some kind of strange phenomenon. I just have no experience with this type of thing.”
“Okay, yeah take it. Let us know what you find out,” said Nathan, giving him the tape.
Caleb stood up and started walking towards the door.
“What about Nikki?” asked Duncan. “How are we supposed to protect her against whatever this thing is?”
Caleb turned back and looked at us. “Don’t go anywhere alone, keep your doors locked, and don’t invite any strangers in.”

Chapter Sixteen

Nathan and Duncan slept on my bedroom floor that night, just in case the “specter” came back to harass me. When I woke up, it was just after nine the next morning and I was alone. I went down to the kitchen.
“Where’s Duncan?” I asked.
As usual, Nathan was stuffing his face with food. “He had to work. He’s going to pick you up after your shift again tonight. I’ll get mom’s keys and drop you off at four.”
“Did you guys ever figure out what’s wrong with the Mustang?”
He nodded. “It’s the battery. I’m picking up a new one today.”
I yawned. “Where’s mom? Still sleeping?”
He nodded. “Yeah, she’s been doing a lot of that lately. I think she should quit drinking, she just can’t handle it.”
“I agree.”
Plus, she was our mom and really not making a good impression by getting so hammered.
Two hours later, mom was still sleeping so I decided to check up on her.
“Mom?” I called, knocking softly on her door.
“Yeah,” she mumbled. “Come in.”
She had the blinds pulled shut so I turned on the light.
“You, okay?” I asked her.
She smiled, lazily. “Yeah, just tired.”
I sat down next to her on the bed. “You know, you really need to cool it on the wine, mom. The sheriff is going to think you’re some kind of lush. You never usually drink like this.”
“I didn’t drink anything last night. At least, I don’t remember,” she said with a confused look.
“Oh, come on… mom, you were trashed. I had to help you to bed last night. You had to have been drinking.”
She rubbed a hand over her forehead. “I don’t even remember.”
I sighed and changed the subject. “So, did his daughter make dinner for you?”
“I… think so.”
My eyes widened. “You don’t sound so sure.”
She rubbed her forehead. “To tell you the truth, last night was a bit of a blur.”
“I know the feeling,” I said, staring towards her bedroom window. Last night almost felt like a dream. I couldn’t explain my reaction to Ethan or the way he’d whisked me through the darkness the way he did. It didn’t make a whole lot of sense.
“What?” she asked.
I turned back to her and smiled. “Nothing.”
She stood up. “I’ve got so much to do today. I start work on Monday and have more errands than I have hours to complete them.”
“Ahem, thanks for asking… my first day went pretty good, by the way.”
“I’m sorry, honey,” she replied, grabbing a robe from the closet. “I totally forgot. So, your first day at the diner went pretty smooth?”
“Yeah. I’m working again tonight. In fact, Nathan has to use your car to drop me off at the diner around four. His Mustang needs a new battery.”
She groaned and then nodded reluctantly. “Okay. I’ll just have to take care of some things tomorrow, I guess.”
I motioned towards her neck. “So, how’s your skin?” I asked.
She touched it and winced. “Still tender.”
I got off the bed and walked over to her. “Did you put anything on it?”
“No. I probably should. How does it look?”
I examined her skin and frowned. It looked much worse. “You should really see a doctor.”
She waved her hand and shook her head. “No, you know me. I’m just allergic to mosquito bites. It usually takes a while for them to heal.”
“At least put something on it, so it doesn’t get infected.”
“Fine, Nurse Nikki,” she said with a wry smile.
I walked over to the window and opened the blinds. “It’s a beautiful day, mom, you could use some vitamin D on that lily-white skin of yours.”
“Oh, hey… close the blinds,” she gasped holding her hand up to shield her face. “The sun hurts my eyes!”
I quickly closed them. “Wow, you seriously need to lay off the alcohol, mom. Hangovers are a bitch.”
She grabbed her sunglasses from the nightstand and put them on. “Actually, I think I have an eye infection or something,” she said. “They’ve been bothering me the last couple of days.”
“Maybe you’re allergic to Caleb. Ever since you’ve been seeing him, you’ve been acting weird.”
She smiled. “It’s definitely not him. He is such a wonderful man. I’m so happy we met. It’s only been a few hours since we we’ve been together, but… I have to admit, I miss him already.”
It sounded like she really was falling pretty hard for the sheriff. “So, when’s the wedding?” I asked.
‘Oh, God, it’s too early for that but I’ll be honest, every time he looks at me,” she sighed and her eyes looked wistful, “I just want to jump his bones.”
I shuddered. “Okay, that’s something I didn’t need to hear. That’s just twisted, mom.”
She laughed. “Oh, just you wait, my dear. You’ll meet someone who makes your toes curl and then you’ll know exactly what I’m talking about.”
I’d already met two guys who made my toes curl but I wasn’t about to tell her that. “Whatever,” I said.
She walked over to me and touched my cheek. “What about Duncan? Any sparks?”
My cheeks grew pink. “Well… I don’t know. I mean, we’re just friends, you know?”
She smiled, knowingly. “Friends, huh? Just make sure you use protection if he gets too friendly.”
My jaw dropped. “Mom!”
“You are still a virgin, right?”
I couldn’t believe we were actually having this conversation.
“Oh, my God, yes!” I replied, staring at her in horror.
“Although, you don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to. Just be safe.”
“Enough! I’m still a virgin and I plan on staying one for a while.”
Her eyes softened. “That’s what a mother wants to hear. But when things get confusing or too much, you can always come to me with any questions.”
“I’m going to take a shower,” I said. “I feel dirty after talking about it with you.”
She laughed. “You’re such a smartass.”
I left her and went back to my room. Instead of taking a shower, however, I lay down on my bed and thought about everything that had happened the night before. It now seemed so unbelievable, that I wondered if it had been just a dream.
I closed my eyes and fell asleep.

~~~

“Nikki, come to me,” whispered the smooth, masculine voice in my ear.
I opened my eyes to find that I was in a forest wearing a billowy, white nightgown. I stood up and began walking in my bare feet. As I looked down, I noticed sharp pieces of broken glass cutting into my skin, which was now bleeding.
“Hurry,” prodded the voice. It was strong and demanding; it pushed me forward, one foot after another.
“Nikki!” yelled Duncan.
“Duncan?” I whispered, turning around.
“Wait, Nikki!” he cried, running towards me. I watched in amazement as he kept moving without making any progress.
There was a rush of movement and my heart began to race; I knew who it was. He’d come back for me. “Ethan?”
Someone grabbed my shoulders and started digging their sharp nails into my skin. I was shoved roughly to the ground and the shadow jumped on top of me. “Amy?” I whispered in horror.
Amy’s eyes were filled with hate. “He’s mine,” she growled, her slit wrists bleeding onto my white dress. She opened her mouth and her pointy fangs closed in on my neck.

I opened my eyes and let out a shaky breath. Just a dream.
Someone rapped on my door.
“Hey, twerp!”
“Yeah, come in,” I mumbled, sitting up.
“Get ready,” said Nathan. “I have to drop you off early at the diner. Mom needs the car as soon as I get back from purchasing a battery.”
I looked at my alarm clock. It was already after two o’clock. “Okay,” I said.
His eyes narrowed. “Are you doing okay?”
“Just a little tired.”
He pointed at me. “Don’t leave the diner after dark unless Duncan is with you.”
“Yeah, okay.”
He stared at me for a minute and then nodded. “Then, I’ll be outside waiting for you. You have a half hour to get ready.”
“Okay, I’ll hurry.”
I took a quick shower, put my uniform on, and spent a little extra time with my makeup. Then I pinned my damp hair up and stared into the mirror. I had to admit, I was definitely beginning to look more like my mother every day. I decided it was a good thing and smiled.
Nathan laid on the horn outside and I rushed out to meet him in mom’s car.
“Makeup, huh? Trying to get more tips?” smiled Nathan.
I shrugged. “I could certainly use the money.”
“I hear you. So, what do you think about last night? Pretty crazy, huh?”
“It was freaky, that’s for sure. I still don’t know what happened, exactly.”
“I’m starting to think we really do have ghosts lurking around the cabin. That could be the real reason why mom’s renting it so cheap.”
“Makes sense.”
We drove the rest of the way in silence and he dropped me off in front of the diner, warning me to stay put when my shift was over.
“You worry too much,” I said. “I’m not going anywhere. I’ll wait for Duncan.”
“Here’s Duncan’s cell phone number,” he said, handing me a slip of paper. “If there’s a problem, call me or him.”
“Okay, thanks.”
When he finally drove off, I went into the diner and ran into Rosie in the back room.
“How’s it going, Nikki?”
I smiled. “Pretty good. We were really swamped yesterday so Susan didn’t get a chance to show me too much.”
“Yeah, I heard. Since you’re early, I’ll go over some things with you, myself.”
“Thanks.”
Rosie went over the menus and showed me how to write up meal tickets. Then she gave me some pointers on how to juggle multiple tables and get them in and out as quickly as possible. When we were done, my head was spinning, but I felt like I was starting to get a little handle on things.
“Don’t worry. It’s going to take a while, but you’ll get used to it. And, honey, don’t be afraid to tell the customers you’re new. They’ll have more patience and might even tip you better.”
“Oh, I’m all for that. Thanks.”
“You’ll do just fine here,” she said, patting me on the shoulder. “Just do your best, and eventually things will fall together.”
“Thanks, Rosie.”
When Susan showed up, I shadowed her for half the day, and then I was given a couple of my own tables.
“You’re doing great,” said Rosie, after I served a large platter of food to one of my tables. “Keep it up.”
“Thanks.”
The time flew by quickly and by the time my shift was over, I’d made almost thirty dollars in tips. I was so giddy that I texted Nathan, who was happy for me.
“Listen, is there any way you can work a little later tonight?” asked Rosie, as I was about to punch out. “We could really use you until eleven o’clock. Darlene called in sick and I need all the help I can get. Since it’s Friday night, we’re going to get slammed soon.”
“Okay. Let me call my ride and let him know. I’m sure it will be fine.”
I grabbed my phone and called Duncan.
“Okay,” he said, after I explained why they needed my help. “I’ll be there promptly at eleven, though I’ll expect a tip.”
I giggled. “I think I can manage that.”
We had a rush of customers around nine o’clock, and I was running ragged, trying to keep my orders right and not piss anyone off. By the time it was ten-thirty, I heaved a sigh of relief; the diner was finally clearing out.
“We usually get another big rush after the bars close,” said Susan. “Just be thankful you’re not working those customers. When they’re not trying to pick you up, they’re puking in the corner. It’s really disgusting.”
I grimaced. “I bet.”
“Funny thing is, they usually tip better,” she said, “because they’re drunk and feeling extra generous. But, to me, it isn’t really worth it.”
Thinking about my mom last night and practically having to babysit her, I agreed. I then took out my tips and started counting it when Susan swore.
“What?” I said, looking up.
It was Ethan, followed by his clan. His eyes met mine and he smiled.
“Hey,” whispered Susan, noticing the exchange. “Do you know him?”
“Um, not really,” I said.
“Looks like they’re in your section tonight, Nikki,” said Rosie, “they usually only order coffee, though, so it should be a piece of cake.”
I took a deep breath and walked up to their table.
“Hello,” I said, handing out menus. “Can I start anyone out with something to drink?”
Ethan put his elbows on the table, clasped his fingers, and rested his chin on there. “Coffee for all of us, please, Nikki.”
Remembering the effect he had on me, I averted my eyes. “And will you want food, or should I take away the menus?”
“Well,” chuckled Ethan. “What I want probably isn’t on the menu.”
Oh, my God.
Our eyes met and I swear I could feel a charge of static electricity between us. It was eerie.
“You look beautiful tonight. As usual,” he said softly.
The carnal promises he held in his smoldering eyes were raw and made my heart race. I took a step backwards, trying to catch my breath.
“Everything okay here?” interrupted Rosie, coming towards us.
Ethan looked away and I grabbed the back of an empty chair to steady myself.
“Yeah, Rosie,” smiled Ethan. “Just being friendly with the new waitress.”
She smiled. “Now don’t be giving young Nikki here a hard time. It’s only her second day.”
For some reason, Rosie wasn’t affected by Ethan’s magnetic stare.
“Oh, don’t worry about Nikki, Rosie. She’s in good hands with me.”
“That’s what I’m afraid of,” she chuckled. “So, Nikki, why don’t you go pour some coffee for these boys.”
I cleared my throat. “Okay,”
I grabbed six coffee cups and glanced towards Ethan’s minions. I watched, curiously, as Rosie continued talking to Ethan while the rest of the guys seemed content just listening to the exchange, never actually joining in on the conversation. All were tall, pale, and rivaled any of the male models I’d seen in magazines. None of them compared to Ethan, however. His animal magnetism was enough to make me forget everything else.
“It’s getting late,” said Rosie, coming up to the counter. “Why don’t you let me finish waiting on these guys and you can take off?”
I nodded, not quite trusting myself to talk.
Without another glance towards Ethan, I hurried to the break room, removed my apron, and grabbed my purse. When I turned around, I was staring into Ethan’s eyes.
“Oh,” I gasped.
“Leaving so soon?” he asked me, stepping closer. I moved backwards until my back hit the wall.
“I really have to go,” I squeaked.
He touched my face and his eyes searched mine. “I’ve been searching for so long. I can’t believe that I’ve finally found you.”
My eyes widened. “Excuse me? I don’t understand what you mean.”
“You will.” He closed his eyes and inhaled. “You smell so sweet.”
I was so confused; my head was spinning and my stomach whirled. “I… what’s happening?”
Ethan opened his eyes again and smiled. “You’ll understand… in time.”
Suddenly his mouth was on mine again, and as before, I couldn’t resist his kisses. Our lips moved hungrily together and I moaned in pleasure, wanting him closer. I ran my hands up his back and into his hair, pulling his mouth harder against mine. But then he stopped abruptly and pulled away.
“I… I have to go and take care of something,” he said thickly.
“Your eyes…” I whispered. They were still blue but glowed brightly with something that reminded me of fire.
He backed away from me, breathing heavily. “Leave your balcony door open tonight.”
Then in a flash he was gone and I was left feeling frustrated.

Chapter Seventeen

“Nikki,” said Rosie, stepping into the break room. “Someone named Duncan is waiting for you in the diner.”
“Thanks.”
Her eyes narrowed. “You okay? You look kind of flushed.”
“I’m fine,” I replied, not able to meet her eyes.
“Go home and get a good night’s sleep,” she said. “Working here can take a lot out of you.”
“I will. Thanks.”
I followed her back out and expected to see Ethan and his friends, but they were all gone.
“Hi,” said Duncan.
He was dressed in a light blue polo shirt that complimented his silvery-gray eyes and low-riding jeans that showed off his tight abs. Because I was still feeling the pheromones from whatever Ethan produced, I had an incredible urge to jump his bones.
“Ready?” I asked, grabbing his hand.
He chuckled as I pulled him out of the diner. “What’s wrong? Had enough of this place already?”
I released a heavy sigh and nodded. “It was a long day.”
We both hopped in to his truck and he turned on the music. He caught me staring at him and smiled.
“You look nice,” he said, grabbing my hand.
His smile was much more boyish than Ethan’s and the tenderness in his eyes was so sweet. Part of me was already falling hard for Duncan, while another part of me screamed out for Ethan. It was frustrating and I decided to try and drive away my lustful thoughts of Ethan, so I told him to pull over to the side of the road.
“What’s wrong?” he asked.
I scooted closer to him and pressed my lips against his. Soon we were kissing and my hands were all over him. When I pulled myself onto his lap and looked into his eyes, he let out a shaky sigh. “Nikki,” he groaned, and then his mouth captured mine.
I ground my hips into his and he moaned with pleasure as I rocked against him. He unbuttoned the top of my uniform and raised my bra, kissing my breasts. Nobody had ever done that before and the sensation made me quiver down below.
“Shit,” he groaned as a squad car pulled up behind us and we were surrounded by bright flashing lights.
I jumped off of him and buttoned my uniform while Duncan tried to compose himself. “Man,” he said, looking at me again. “That was intense.”
There was a tap on the window and we both smiled sheepishly at Sheriff Caleb, who was frowning.
“What’s going on?” he asked.
Duncan’s face looked so guilty it was comical. “Um, we were just talking.”
He smirked. “You certainly fogged up the windows pretty good with all that talking you must have been doing. Next time, open one up.”
We both smiled.
“Listen,” said Caleb. “I’m not stupid, so I know your raging hormones probably got the better of you. Next time you feel like making out, though, don’t do it on the side of the road. It’s pretty dangerous, especially at night. Now, Duncan, bring Nikki home before her mom gets worried.”
“Okay. Thank you, sir,” answered Duncan.
He looked at me. “Say hello to your mother for me.”
“Okay.”
He walked back to his squad car, and we drove to the cabin in an awkward silence. Thankfully, Nathan was waiting on the porch for us when we pulled up because I didn’t want to talk about what had just happened. The truth was, I wasn’t exactly sure myself. That promiscuous girl back there? That wasn’t me. I’d made out with two guys in the last two days and had no real explanation for it.
“Hey, guys,” said Nathan, who was sitting on a gliding bench with a grim smile.
Duncan cleared his throat. “What’s up, Nathan?”
“Read this,” he said, holding out a newspaper.
I grabbed it from him and we both started reading the article he’d circled. There were several pictures of girls who were either missing or dead under the headline: ‘Serial Killer Targeting Similar Victims?’
“They’ve included a picture of the girl who was found in the lake, as well as Amy,” said Nathan, pointing. “See the resemblance there of the two girls?”
“Why is Amy included in this? She killed herself,” I said.
Nathan’s eyes narrowed. “Or maybe it was only made to look like she did. The most disturbing thing about this article is the photos of the girls.”
“They look very similar,” said Duncan. Then he turned to me and tensed up. “In fact, they look similar to Nikki, too.”
My brother nodded. “Their hair is different but, if you look closely at the facial features of those girls, there is a definite resemblance to Nikki’s. What really concerns me, are the strange things that have been happening to her. What if it’s somehow related?”
“Seriously, I doubt it has anything to do with what’s happened to all of those girls,” I said.
“Still, we’d better keep a close eye on you,” replied Nathan.
“Fine,” I said, yawning. “Listen, I hate to be a party pooper, but I’m exhausted from being on my feet for the last several hours. I’m going to take a bath and then sleep for days, if mom will let me.”
“Do you need any help getting that bath ready?” asked Duncan, smiling.
“Dude, that’s my sister you’re talking about. Don’t say that stuff loud enough for my ears to pick up,” said Nathan, looking horrified.
Duncan laughed.
“So, Duncan, are you planning on going to the barbeque tomorrow night?” I asked.
“Only if you’re going,” he said, leaning up against the cabin.
I smiled up at him. “Definitely. “
“How about if Nikki and I just meet you there?” interrupted Nathan. “I’ll call you tomorrow afternoon.”
“Sounds good,” he replied.
“Goodnight Dunc,” he said, opening the cabin door. “I’ll give you guys some privacy, in case you want to suck face or something.”
“Funny,” I mumbled.
“Night,” replied Duncan. As soon as Nathan was gone, he stepped closer and stared down into my eyes. “Well, goodnight.”
“Goodnight.
He gave me one of his dimpled smiles and then leaned forward, kissing me tenderly on the lips. This time the kiss was short and sweet.
“Maybe tomorrow I won’t smell like a diner,” I said softly as he stepped back.
“Believe me,” he replied, licking his lips. “I didn’t mind one bit.”
I cleared my throat. “I guess I’ll see you tomorrow then?”
He reached into his pocket, pulled out his keys, and began twirling them around his finger. “Definitely. Can’t wait.”
“Me, too.
He motioned towards the door. “I’m not leaving until you’re safely inside of the house.”
His concern made me tingle. “Okay. Night.”
“Goodnight.”
I went inside the cabin and locked the door. When I turned around, Nathan stepped out of the kitchen with a bowl of popcorn.
“Where’s mom?”
“Where else? Sleeping,” he said, sitting down on the couch.
“Okay, I’m beat, too. I’ll see you in the morning.”
He nodded and flipped on the television.
I checked on mom and found her sprawled out on the bed, snoring softly. I closed the door and went into my room to get ready for my bath. I took out my hair down and set my cellphone on the charger, my head still spinning from everything that happened tonight. The fact that I’d made out with two guys in less than an hour was almost comical for someone like me; I still wasn’t sure what to make of it. In California, I’d shied away from the opposite sex; here, I was totally acting like a slut.
Maybe it’s the fresh air? I mused.
With a yawn, I walked into the bathroom and started the water. My cell phone began to ring and I rushed back into the bedroom to answer it. When I saw who it was, I sat down on the edge of my bed and smiled.
“I just wanted to say goodnight, again,” said Duncan, a smile in his voice. “I… um, miss you already.”
I laughed. “You’ll be seeing me soon enough.”
“Believe me, it won’t be.”
My heart melted. He was the sweetest guy and I told him so.
“You must bring it out in me,” he replied. “Because, normally, I’m not like this.”
“Really? That’s hard to believe because you’re a natural. I can just tell.”
“Maybe, but I still think it’s you.” He sighed. “Look, this isn’t easy for me, so I’m just going say it. I… I think I’m falling in love with you. Actually,” he paused. “I know I am.”
“You hardly know me,” I said softly, although his words made me giddy. I’d never heard anyone says those words to me and it gave me tingles of pleasure.
“I know. Kind of weird, huh?”
I lay back on the bed and stared at the ceiling, a wide grin on my face. “No. I, um… actually, I think I’m falling for you, too.”
“Really?”
He was sweet and made my stomach flutter. I’d never been in love before, but I knew one thing, I felt something special for him. I wasn’t sure if it was love, but it sure felt good.
“Yeah, really.”
“Okay, I just wanted you to know that I can’t stop thinking about you, and it’s driving me crazy.”
“Was that before or after I attacked you in the truck?”
He chuckled. “Both.”
I burst out laughing.
“Can I pick you up every night?” he teased. “I figure we’ll be at third base if this keeps up.”
“Oh, my God,” I said. “Just for that, I’m sending you back to first base.”
“I’ll take what I can get. We don’t even have to play the bases; we can just wander the fields.”
I laughed again, and it reminded me of my mother with Caleb. I was as pathetic as she was with men.
“Man, I love your laugh.”
My face hurt now, I was grinning so wide. “Thanks.”
“No problem.”
We sat in silence for a few seconds and then I spoke. “It’s late and I was just about ready to take a bath.”
He sucked in his breath. “I’ll be right over.”
“Duncan! I’m hanging up.”
“Wait, are you naked yet?”
I groaned. “Goodnight, Duncan,”
“Just give me something to fantasize about.”
I looked down at the uniform I was still wearing. “Yeah, I’m totally naked, except for the nail polish on my feet.”
He groaned. “You’re killing me.”
“Night,” I said. “This time… for real.”
“Night,” he murmured back.
He waited for me to hang up and I smiled again as I ended the call. One thing was for certain, Duncan was definitely the guy making my toes curl. No doubt about it.
I put my phone back in the charger, eyeing the balcony, suspiciously. The moon was bright, and normally I would have thought it was cool, but right now it was only ominous. There was no way that I was going to unlock the door, even if Ethan could somehow make it up here.
Ethan.
I didn’t even know him and the conscious side of me knew that my reaction to the guy made no sense. Sure, I’d basically climbed all over him in our break room and his kisses ignited a raging fire inside of me, but the truth was, he scared the crap out of me, crazy sexy or not.
I checked the lock on the balcony door to make sure it was secure, then went back into the bathroom and got undressed. Seconds later, I had the jet streams going in the tub and my back was getting a much-needed water massage. I closed my eyes and soon began drifting off.
A strange noise jolted me awake, and I looked towards the window, only to find myself alone.
Must have been dreaming…
Sighing with relief, I checked the time and noticed I’d been in the tub for a half hour. The water was too chilly to enjoy anymore so I decided to get out. I toweled myself dry, put my robe on, and unplugged the bathtub. I then padded into the bedroom where I stopped dead in my tracks. Ethan was on my balcony, leaning against the railing watching me. He reminded me of a predator studying its kill before striking.
Time seemed to stand still as the realization of what Ethan really was sunk in. Obviously, he’d made it up to my balcony all by himself, and yesterday, we’d soared through the night faster than what was humanly possible. There could only be one explanation now, and it chilled me to the bone.
We stared at each other for what seemed like forever and then he pointed to the door.
Swallowing hard, I stepped over and unlocked it.
“Aren’t you going to invite me in?” he asked softly.
My heart was hammering in my chest and I bit the side of my lip, trying to decide what to do.
“Well?” he asked, smiling devilishly. “I promise I won’t hurt you, Nikki. In fact, I imagine you’ll enjoy my company tremendously.”
I let out a ragged sigh and nodded.
He stared at my mouth. “I’d like to hear you say it.”
“Come in, Ethan.”

Chapter Eighteen

Ethan stepped into my bedroom and I instinctively took a step backwards.
“Are you afraid of me?” he asked with a sardonic grin.
“I… don’t know,” I whispered, as the hair stood up on the back of my neck. Obviously I was lying. He scared the hell out of me.
He took another step towards me, his eyes probing. “Nikki, seriously, you have nothing to be afraid of.”
“Uh, why me?” I squeaked, surprised that I was able to ask any questions at all when what I really wanted to do was run like hell.
Ethan’s lips curled up. “Why not you?”
“I…” I stared at him as my panic began to change into something else entirely – an achy need to be closer to him; to touch and be touched him.
What is wrong with me?
He walked over to my bed and sat down. “Come here.”
I moved towards him and he grabbed both of my hands, kissing them with his soft lips.
“Why you? Because we belong together,” he murmured.
Earlier his skin had felt cool to the touch. It had been the one thing that had surprised me. Now, his cheeks were warm and he held my hands against them, nuzzling them, lovingly.
“But I don’t even know you,” I said. “How can you say that?”
He shrugged. “You do. You just don’t remember.”
“That doesn’t make sense. I just moved here,” I said.
He looked up into my eyes. “Let’s just say we knew each other in another life.”
My eyes widened. “What… like reincarnation?”
His hands tightened on my wrists and he pulled me onto his lap. “Something like that.”
“Seriously?”
Instead of answering me, he leaned forward and captured my lips with his. I closed my eyes, abandoning all logic and caution. Soon we were kissing with as much heat and passion as earlier, this time without fear of being interrupted. When his fingers opened up my robe and began touching my naked body, I gasped with pleasure.
“Ethan,” I breathed, my heart pounding in my chest.
“You’re mine,” he whispered into my neck, making me shiver. “Forever.”
“Sure,” I whispered back as his tongue slid down to my nipple and began teasing it. “Whatever… you… say.”
His hands caressed my breasts and I closed my eyes as his hot mouth continued to make me quiver. Soon, I was making mewling noises and he was breathing as heavily as I was.
“What?” I whispered when he suddenly pushed me away.
“Come with me,” he said in a ragged voice. “I can’t make love to you here. It’s not safe.”
“No, it’s okay. Nobody will know,” I whispered, surprising myself with my own eagerness to give myself to him.
He closed his eyes. “You’re a virgin and I’m…”
How did he know? Obviously, not from my actions.
“What? It’s okay.”
“Come with me now, Miranda,” he said, opening his eyes and pulling me to him. “It’s time to leave everything else, behind.”
I pulled away. “Miranda?”
He blinked. “Nikki, come with me and we can be together forever. I’ll never let you go, again.”
“What? I can’t leave my family,” I said. Sure, he was hot and I wanted to feel him touch and kiss me again, but I wasn’t about to leave my family.
He stared into my eyes, and soon I was willing to go anywhere with him. I just wanted nothing more than to be lost in his arms forever. “Come with me,” he prodded, touching my face, lovingly.
I nodded. “Oh, God. Yes.”
Just then the bedroom door was thrown open and my brother stood in the doorway with a shotgun. “Hands off of her, pal. She’s not going anywhere with you!”
Ethan growled and moved away from me as I struggled to adjust my robe.
“Did you just growl at me? Get the hell out of here, Cujo, before I use this thing!” demanded Nathan. “I’ll fucking do it!”
Ethan took a step towards my brother and I yelled, “Ethan, don’t hurt him! Please!”
Somehow deep down, I knew that Ethan had the power to rip Nathan apart with little effort. Even though both of them were similar in size and stature, you could almost feel the power and strength emanating from him. It was both frightening and exciting at the same time. At least for me.
Ethan looked at me and for a second, I thought he was going to carry me off into the moonlight. Instead, he let out a frustrated groan, and then in a flash, was gone.
“What in the hell was that?” hollered Nathan as he dashed towards the balcony.
“Um, that was Ethan,” I answered, touching my bruised lips. I couldn’t believe how much I wanted him to return. To finish what he’d started.
Nathan stormed back into my bedroom and ran a hand through his brown hair. “What were you thinking, Nik? That has to be the thing trying to fuck with us. That certainly wasn’t a normal dude who was trying to feel you up, which, by the way, wasn’t at all fair to Duncan!”
A wave of shame spread through me as Duncan’s face popped into my mind. I did love him, didn’t I?
“Listen,” I said firmly. “Ethan…he has this power to make me do things… I can’t control myself around him,” I shook my head incredulously. “Nathan, God, I seriously think I’d do anything for him if he asked.”
“What?”
“I know,” I said, my eyes misting over. “I couldn’t help it, either. One moment I was fine and the next, we were making out and I did nothing to stop it.”
His eyes narrowed. “Mind control?”
I wiped a tear from my eye, my emotions all messed up. “Yes.”
“So, do you honestly believe he’s a vampire?”
“Yes, Nathan, I do.” My mind was beginning to clear, and now there was little doubt in my mind that he actually was a vampire.
He leaned forward. “Did he suck your blood or anything?”
I touched my neck. “He didn’t bite me. At least… not that I remember.” I ran over to the mirror and checked my neck. “See, it looks normal.” Remembering our mother’s neck, I covered my mouth in horror. “Oh, my God… mom! She has that thing on her neck! Remember?”
We both flew out of the bedroom and began knocking on her door.
“Come in,” she called.
Her room was dark except for a candle burning slowly on the nightstand.
“Hey,” I said, in a low voice. “Um, sorry to bother you. We were just wondering if we could check those bites on your neck. To make sure they aren’t infected.”
She rolled over and gave us an exasperated sigh. “You woke me up in the middle of the night to check my neck?”
“Sorry,” said Nathan. “Um, we saw this news report about these mosquito bites that get really inflamed if you don’t care for them correctly.”
“Yeah,” I said. “If you don’t clean them good… um, eggs will grow in your neck.”
She sat up and shrieked. “What?! Eggs! Look and see anything is growing in my neck!”
Nathan bit back a smile as we stepped closer to examine mom’s neck.
“Fine, I’m convinced,” he whispered, looking at me. “Check it out.”
I was, too. The swelling had gone down but the two holes could have definitely been caused by a vampire. Not that either of us were experts, but we’d watched enough horror flicks to know what we saw.
“Mom, we have to talk to you,” I said, stepping back. “I know this is going to sound crazy but you have to believe us.”
She looked at both of us. “Okay, spill it. What’s on your minds?”
We started over from when we’d spoken to Amy, her warnings, and how she’d killed herself. Then, I told both of them how I met Ethan and how he’d called me Miranda and had almost made me run away with him.
She threw her head back and laughed.
“It’s not funny, mom,” said Nathan. “This Ethan guy looked like he was ready to attack me tonight and I had to use a gun to scare him away.”
“Nathan, I doubt the gun would have killed him, anyway,” I said. “He only left you alone because I told him to.”
“Whatever,” he snapped. “This guy is some kind of monster. Whether it’s a vampire or demon. He flies, he growls – he isn’t normal!”
She threw her hands up in the air. “It’s… I don’t know how to react to this. I can’t just accept the fact that you both think this kid is a vampire. As far as my neck goes, I’ve never met Ethan, so if you think he bit my neck when I was having a cup of coffee and didn’t notice, you have another thing coming.”
“Do you feel different at all?” I asked.
She glared at me. “For Heaven’s sake, Nikki! I’m not going to turn into a damn vampire!”
Nathan and I looked at each other. We knew it was pointless to keep trying to convince her that there were vampires in Shore Lake. Unless she saw it for herself, there was no way she was going to believe us. Nathan had reacted the same way.
She rubbed her temples and then stared at us, again. “Look, I’m going back to bed and I suggest that the both of you do the same thing. In the morning, you’ll both realize how crazy this sounded.”
I sighed. “Okay.”
“Goodnight, mom,” said Nathan.
“I love you both, but if you wake me up to talk about vampires again, I’m getting rid of cable!”

Chapter Nineteen

“Okay, I’m not leaving you alone anymore,” said Nathan as he paced back and forth in the kitchen. We were both too shook up to sleep.
“Fine,” I said, taking a sip of coffee.
He wagged his finger. “We should talk to mom and see if she’s willing to move back home, too.”
My jaw dropped. “But what about Duncan and our new jobs?”
“What about… there’s a vampire after you, Nikki? Or should we call you ‘Miranda’?”
I sighed. “What if he follows us anyway? He said he’s been looking for me and now that he’s found me, we are supposed to be together.”
“How romantic,” snickered Nathan. “If you ask me, I think he just wants to get into your pants.”
“He almost did,” I mumbled.
“Good thing I heard those groans and whimpers coming from your room, which was gnarly, by the way. Do you know how disturbing it is to hear your sister getting it on with a vampire?” He shuddered. “It’s sick.”
I smiled. “Thank you for being a nosy brother, Nathan. You probably saved my life. At least, my virginity.”
“Thank my stomach. If it wasn’t for mom’s leftover pasta salad calling to me in the fridge, we wouldn’t be having this conversation.”
“Probably not.”
He sat down by the counter. “I just don’t know what else to do. You know, I wonder if we should see if Abigail is still in town. She might have some ideas. She’s the only other person who’d believe us.”
“We should probably go and pay her a visit in the morning,” I said.
He looked at his watch. “The sun will be up soon. I’m going to grab my sleeping bag and camp out in your room for the next few nights. Hopefully, that horny vampire gives up and decides to go after someone else.”
“Oh, my God,” I whispered in horror. “What if he killed all of those girls in the paper? You said they were all similar looking. Maybe he was looking for me?”
He snorted. “Or worse yet, you are not the real Miranda and he decides to kill you when he figures it out.”
I glared at him. “Oh, thanks, Nathan. Just when I think it can’t get any worse.”
“Hey, I’m just trying to keep everything in perspective. I mean, we shouldn’t rule anything out,” he said with a yawn.
His yawn triggered one from me. “True, but I hope you’re wrong,” I said as we headed out of the kitchen and back upstairs.
Ten minutes later, Nathan was snoring on the floor but I was still awake. I stared at the door to my balcony, which was now closed and locked. Part of me still longed for Ethan and I wondered if I’d have the strength to say no if given the chance to surrender to him again.


Chapter Twenty

“Wake up, Princess of Darkness,” teased my brother the next morning.
“Very funny,” I mumbled. I looked at my alarm clock to find it was already after eleven o’clock.
“I talked to Duncan already,” said Nathan, between bites of a banana. “We’re supposed to meet him at the marina around four o’clock.”
I yawned. “Did you tell him about last night?”
“I told him some things but left out the part where you were sitting on Ethan’s lap, panting away.”
I groaned. “It was pretty bad. I’m so disgusted with myself.”
“You were certainly enjoying it last night.” He grimaced. “Heck, I was the one disgusted.”
“Come on, you know very well that it wasn’t me, last night. Aren’t I typically the frigid and shy twin?”
His lips curled up. “True. I’m usually the one fighting off the opposite sex.”
I got out of bed. “I’m taking a shower now. At least you don’t have to follow me everywhere during the day. Vampires don’t like the daylight.”
“As far as we know,” he said. “But this is real life. I wouldn’t count anything out.”
“I’ve only run into Ethan at night. In fact, he usually hangs out at the diner after dark.”
His eyes narrowed. “What in the hell does he order? Steak Tartare?”
I grimaced. “Gross, no, he only orders coffee; he and his five friends.”
“Oh, hell, more vampires?”
“I think so, although the others never say a word. They just sip coffee and stare at the rest of the customers.”
“Probably planning a strike.”
“I wouldn’t doubt it. Look, I’m taking a shower. I’ll meet you downstairs in a little while. Is mom awake?”
His face darkened. “No, that’s another thing that’s still bothering me. This isn’t like her, at all.”
“I know. We’d better keep an eye on her. Maybe give the sheriff a heads-up, too,” I said.
“He already thinks we’re nuts,” said Nathan. “Can you imagine if we tell him about last night?”
I bit my lower lip. The sheriff would never believe us. “Let’s keep it to ourselves, for now.”
“We’re going to have to.”
Nathan left my room and I took a hot shower. When I was done, I slipped on a white sundress and a pair of sandals. After I dried my hair and added a little makeup, I stared at the results and frowned. I definitely looked like I was going on a date.
I’m doing it solely for Duncan, I told myself.
“You getting dolled up for Duncan or trying to catch a vampire?” joked my brother when I stepped into the kitchen.
I scowled. “For your information, I am doing it for Duncan.”
“Wow, you look very fresh and lovely this morning,” said mom as she walked into the kitchen.
I smiled. “Thanks, mom. By the way, it’s the afternoon, now.”
She removed her sunglasses and looked at the clock. Her face fell. “Oh.”
“Your eyes still bothering you?” I asked.
She nodded. “I have an eye appointment today. I was lucky to get one on a Saturday.”
“I thought the entire town would be shut down with everything going on,” replied Nathan.
“What do you mean?” she asked.
“The town barbeque thingy,” I said. “We’re meeting Duncan there later this afternoon. Want to join us, mom? It should be a lot of fun.”
“Yeah, actually, I do.” Her eyes lit up. “Maybe I’ll see Caleb there.”
“He’s the sheriff. He’s probably heading up the security,” said Nathan.
“I’m sure. I’ll probably just meet you both there after my eye appointment. Keep your cell phone on so I can find you.”
“Just call me when you’re done and we’ll come look for you, mom,” said Nathan.
“Okay. This should be fun,” she said, turning on the coffeemaker.
“Either of you want eggs?” asked Nathan, opening the fridge. “I don’t know about you two, but I’m craving a late breakfast.”
“No, that’s okay,” she replied, picking out one of her gourmet coffees from the carousel on the counter. “I’m hungry, but nothing sounds good. I think I’m just going to grab a bite in town before my exam.”
Nathan and I looked at each other, both of us obviously wondering the same thing, was she craving something rare and bloody?
“Nikki, are you hungry?” asked mom.
“Uh, just some toast.”
“Okay.”
Mom made some for me and then took off with her coffee, while Nathan made himself a monster omelet. After watching him down a half dozen eggs while I nibbled on my toast and jelly, we decided to take a drive over to Abigail’s, to see if she was still in town.
“I think this is her place,” he said as we drove up the dirt road to the next cabin over. It was older and much smaller than the one we were staying at, but kept up nicely. With all of the flowers and shrubs surrounding the cabin, it seemed inviting.
“Yeah, there’s her truck,” I pointed next to the cabin. “Obviously she didn’t skip town just yet. Lucky for us.”
We got out and walked up to the porch. I could hear a dog barking somewhere inside and smiled. “At least we know she’s not living alone.”
“I don’t blame her,” said Nathan, swatting at a mosquito. “Not with Ethan and his band of freaks flying around at night. Hell, maybe we should consider getting a dog.”
“Something tells me a dog isn’t going to frighten a vampire,” I said. “If anything, it might put the dog’s life in grave danger.”
“No doubt,” he replied, ringing the doorbell. We waited and rang it again, but nobody answered.
“Maybe she’s fishing on the dock?” I asked.
He stared over my head towards the side of the cabin and nodded. “Good thinking. Let’s go check it out.”
We went around to the back and looked out towards the lake, but there was still no sign of anyone.
I looked up at Nathan and frowned. “You know, I’m getting this creepy feeling, that something isn’t right.”
“Don’t get all paranoid, Nik. She’s probably taking a walk or over at a friend’s nearby.”
“Yeah. Let’s hope so.”
We walked to the back door, and this time, I pounded on it. When nobody answered, I looked through a small kitchen window and saw a dog sitting inside in a kennel, whining.
“Aw… poor thing. She’s got her Golden Retriever caged up. Maybe Abigail really is getting ready to leave town, today.”
He scraped his teeth over his lower lip and nodded. “Makes sense. Heck, I’m surprised she’s still here.”
“Let’s wait on the porch for a little while,” I said, walking towards the front of the cabin again. “If she is heading out, we need to catch her beforehand.”
We both sat down on the wooden rockers on the porch and stared pensively towards the dirt road. After about fifteen minutes, I glanced back at her empty truck and sighed. “Something isn’t right, Nathan. I just have this horrible, horrible feeling.”
He stood up. “I know. I’m wigging out a little here, myself. You know, she’s pretty old. What if she had a stroke or heart attack, and is lying inside, unable to move?”
I rose to my feet, too. “Oh crap. Check the door.”
Nathan reached for the handle, and it opened easily. He stuck his head inside. “Hello? Abigail? It’s Nathan from the next cabin over!”
Nobody answered.
“Keep going,” I said.
We stepped inside and were immediately engulfed in a smell that made me want to puke.
“What’s that smell?” I whispered in horror, stopping in my tracks. It was worse than garbage that’s been baking in the sun and dog shit – combined.
“Oh, hell, I don’t know. Let’s go find her bedroom,” he mumbled, his hand over his nose. “Just stay behind me.”
We searched the cabin until we found a room that appeared to be her bedroom. On the full-sized bed were two open suitcases and piles of women’s clothing, ready to be packed.
I looked at Nathan. “What now?”
“Kitchen.”
I followed him out of the bedroom and we both gasped in horror the moment we entered the kitchen. On the floor, next to the refrigerator, lay Abigail – her neck ripped open and her lifeless eyes fixed on the ceiling. We both shrieked and then ran like hell out of the cabin, back to his Mustang.
“Oh, my God, we have to call the cops!” I cried. “That was horrible!”
“Did you see her eyes?” he choked, his face whiter than my dress. He pulled his phone out and dialed nine-one-one. After he hung up with the police, he started the engine.
Dizzy and afraid of puking, I opened my window to let some fresh air in. “I guess there’s no question that vampires are involved, now, is there?”
“Hell no. Let’s get out of here and call mom when we get back to the cabin. The police told me to stick around, but screw that. They know where to find us.”
“I agree.”
He kicked up rocks as we peeled out of the driveway and I closed my eyes, trying to get the image of Abigail’s body out of my head. If Ethan was responsible for that, there was no way in hell I’d want to see him again. As far as I was concerned, it was time to talk mom into leaving town.

Chapter Twenty-One

A squad car stopped by our cabin an hour later, asked us several questions, and then left. Because we didn’t want to sound crazy, we didn’t mention a word about vampires.
“That must have been so horrifying,” said mom, who’d stopped back home after we’d called to let her know what had happened.
“Her throat was torn apart, mom,” said Nathan. “There was blood everywhere. It was just… crazy.”
Sighing, she picked off a piece of lint from her jean skirt. “Maybe it was a bear or a mountain lion that attacked her.”
Nathan’s face darkened. “Or maybe it was a vampire.”
She groaned. “You’re not going to start with that business, again, are you?”
He sighed. “Look, you know us. We aren’t making it up, mom. This Ethan dude, he literally flew out of Nikki’s room.”
“He’d better think twice before he sneaks into your sister’s bedroom, again.”
He smiled grimly. “Mom, if we aren’t careful, they’ll be bloodsucking lovers for the rest of eternity. No lie.”
Mom burst out laughing. “You’re so melodramatic.”
I knew she still wouldn’t believe the vampire story, and part of me didn’t blame her. I was still having a hard time accepting it, myself.
“Listen,” she said, looking down at her watch. “I’m going to be late for my eye appointment if I don’t leave. Are you both still going to this town barbeque?”
Nathan and I looked at each other.
“We should,” I told him. “Duncan’s expecting us and I’m afraid that Ethan is coming back later. He might hurt you.”
“Nikki, if you think someone is going to hurt your brother, then you call the police right away!” snapped mom. “I mean, seriously!”
“Mom,” said Nathan. “The police can’t stop this guy.”
She rubbed her forehead. “Well, we’ll talk about this later. I’ll see you at in town. Have your cell phones on you.”
After mom left us, I called Duncan and told him about finding Abigail.
“No shit? I wonder if Ethan was responsible for killing her.”
“I don’t know. I mean, he didn’t actually seem like a killer to me.”
Duncan paused. “Even so, if I catch that guy anywhere around you, I’m going to pound his head in.”
I smiled. “You’d do that for me?”
“Damn right,” he replied. “As far as I’m concerned, you’re my girl now.”
“I like that sound of that,” I replied, softly.
“Oh, hell, my dad’s calling me. Look, I’ll see you guys around four o’clock. Call me if you have any problems. I can’t wait to see you. I thought about you all night.”
“Me too,” I replied, although I’d been thinking about how I’d pretty much cheated on him, even though I’d been a victim myself. I only hoped that he wouldn’t find out about it. He was such a sweet guy and didn’t deserve to be hurt.
As I hung up, Nathan walked out of the kitchen with some garlic and told me to try and find the cross necklace that my father had given me.
“I lost it,” I said with a grim smile, “last summer.”
He sighed. “You know, I never thought I’d meet someone more dangerous to us than our dad.”
“We don’t know for sure if Ethan killed our neighbor or those girls.”
Nathan scowled. “Don’t start making excuses for this…thing.”
“He has friends. Maybe one of them killed Abigail?”
“Just stop, okay? Ethan is no good for you. If he has killed people, then you have to stay away from him.”
“I know,” I said.
“Rub some of this garlic on your wrists,” he said, holding it out.
I backed away. “Yeah, right. I’m not going to walk around smelling like pizza, especially walking through crowds of people.”
He shrugged. “Fine then, let’s just go.”
Twenty minutes later, we arrived in town and parked at the marina. Duncan was waiting for us in the shop.
“Hey, Duncan,” said Nathan.
“Hey, Nathan.”
Duncan walked over and put his arms around me. “Are you okay?”
I nodded.
He tilted my chin up and stared into my eyes. “I’m not leaving your side anymore. Not until this guy is behind bars. Or… whatever the hell he is.”
I nodded.
“Wow, you look… beautiful,” he said. “I’d better keep my eyes on you.” Then he brushed my lips with his.
“Let’s get going, I’m starving,” interrupted Nathan.
Duncan smiled and put his arm around my shoulders as we started walking towards the town festival.
“Wow, they really go all out,” said Nathan.
Large tents and carnival rides were set up in the park and the smell of succulent barbequed meat and corndogs drifted through the air. Crowds of people were already stuffing their faces, standing in line for the rides, or chasing after their kids.
Nathan groaned. “I’m starving, lead me to the chow.”
A half hour later we were sitting at a picnic table watching Nathan devour his second helping of ribs and listening to some band play old time rock-n-roll songs. Nathan’s cell phone began to ring. He licked his fingers and answered the phone.
“Mom’s on her way,” he said after hanging up.
“Nikki!”
I looked up and saw Susan walking over. I introduced her to Nathan and Duncan.
“I thought you had to work today?” I asked her.
“No. They closed down for the day because of the festival, thank goodness,” she answered.
“Did you eat yet?” asked Nathan, sliding over to make room for her at the picnic table.
She shook her head. “No, but that’s okay. I’m going to get something later.”
“You can sit down with us. I don’t bite,” he said, his lips curling up. “Unless you want me to.”
Susan blushed and sat down next to him.
I smiled in amusement as Nathan began teasing her some more. Susan looked totally different out of uniform and reminded me a little of a younger Jennifer Aniston. My brother must have liked what he saw, because he was totally laying on the charm.
“So, do you know this Ethan character?” asked Nathan after a while.
“I only know that he pursued Amy and she had this notion he was a vampire.”
“Did she say why she thought he was a vampire?” asked Duncan.
She shrugged. “Just that he only came out at night and had this power to make her do whatever he wanted. It freaked the hell out of her.”
“So, did he ever try hitting on you?” asked Nathan.
She stared at her clasped fingers. “No, but I went out with one of his friends a couple of times.”
My eyes widened. “You went out with one of the guys he comes in with at night?”
“Not one of them. I went out with Drake, who was more of a loner. Then, he kind of just fell off of the face of the earth. He used to come in at night alone and we’d go out after my shift. Then one night, he just never came back. I tried calling him but he never even returned my calls.”
“Did you really think he was a vampire?” I asked.
She shook her head. “No. I mean he was kind of intense and kept weird hours, but of course he wasn’t a vampire. There’s no such thing, right?”
Nathan and I stared at each other, but didn’t respond.
“Did you ever go to his house?” asked Duncan.
“We stopped by once, but he made me wait outside. He lived with Ethan and the others; they rent this house on the edge of town.”
“You didn’t think it was weird that he made you wait outside?” I asked.
She shook her head. “Not really. Besides, Ethan and the others really creep me out. Drake was different, though. I wish I knew what happened to him.”
“Did you ask Ethan?” I said.
She made a face. “Yeah but he didn’t say much. Personally, I think he went back home to Australia. He talked about his family a lot and how he missed them.”
My eyebrows shot up. “He was Australian?”
She nodded and got this dreamy look on her face. “Yeah, he had this neat accent. Man, I miss that guy.”
Duncan cleared his throat. “So you know where Ethan lives?”
“Yes.”
“Maybe we should call the sheriff and tell him we think Ethan’s responsible for those murders?” said Nathan.
Susan’s jaw dropped. “You seriously think that Ethan is responsible?”
“We don’t know for sure,” I said.
Nathan scowled. “As far as I’m concerned, he’s responsible for something.”
Embarrassed, I looked away. I’d let Ethan into my bedroom and allowed him to do those things to me. What was even worse was that I’d enjoyed it, and wasn’t even certain that I had regrets.
Was he a murderer?
I didn’t want to believe it.
“Here comes mom,” said Nathan, standing up. He waved and she walked over.
“So, what did the eye doctor say?” I asked. She was still wearing her sunglasses.
She shrugged. “He prescribed some eye drops for me. He thinks it might be an eye infection, but doesn’t know for sure. If the drops don’t work then I’m supposed to come back in five days for more tests.”
“Hopefully you won’t have to wear your sunglasses to work on Monday.”
She smiled. “Now that would be awkward, wouldn’t it? So,” she looked around. “Have you seen Caleb, yet?”
I shook my head. “No. Did you call him?”
“I did, but he never answers during the day. He says it’s because he’s so busy. I just hope it’s not something else.”
“Like what? Another woman?” I asked.
She smiled, sheepishly. “Yeah, maybe.”
“Are you talking about Sheriff Caleb?” asked Susan.
“Yeah,” I said.
“He’s definitely not married,” she said. “He has a daughter who just graduated, Celeste. His wife died a few years ago.”
“That’s what he told me, too,” said mom.
“So what’s the sheriff’s daughter like?” I asked.
“Oh, I forgot to tell you! The redhead we saw on our first day in town… the cute one? That’s Celeste.”
“The hot one?” asked Nathan.
“Yes, Nathan. ‘The hot one’,” she said with a smile.
Nathan turned to Susan. “No offense, Susan. You’re really hot, too.”
Susan’s cheeks turned bright red again.
“Hey, here comes my dad,” said Duncan, waving his hand.
Sonny walked over with a plate of food and sat down next to mom. He smiled. “Hi, I’m Duncan’s dad… you must be Nikki and Nathan’s mom? I’m Sonny and I’m going to apologize right now for making a pig out of myself.”
Mom laughed. “I’m Anne. That’s quite all right. I’m used to it, Nathan eats round the clock.”
“I have to be back at the marina in fifteen minutes so I have to eat fast.”
I watched as my mom and Sonny began talking about some yacht he was currently fixing.
“How fascinating,” she said. “I’ve always wanted a ride on a beautiful yacht.”
He smiled. “Come on by the marina sometime and I’ll take you out on a couple. I own a fifty-foot carver myself, and haven’t had a chance to take it out much this summer. You’d give me a reason to start the engine.
My mom’s face lit up. “That sounds wonderful.”
“I’d better get back,” he said, standing up. “It was nice meeting you, Anne. Susan, I’ll see you at the diner again, I’m sure.”
“See you, Mr. Hamilton,” answered Susan.
“I probably won’t be home until late,” said Duncan.
Sonny’s eyes narrowed. “That’s right. Call me if you need me.”
When Sonny left, mom smiled. “Your dad seems very nice, Duncan.”
“Thanks.”
She looked at me. “And cute, too.”
I laughed. He was pretty hot for an older guy.
Nathan stood up. “Anybody interested in going on some rides? Susan?”
“Sure,” she answered.
“Duncan, how about some rides?” I asked.
He nodded. “Let’s go.”
“I’m going to be taking off,” said mom. “Caleb’s supposed to be stopping over after work. I don’t see him patrolling around here anyway.”
There were a few cops wandering around but I hadn’t seen Caleb around either.
“Okay, bye, mom,” I said.
“Don’t stay up too late,” said Nathan.
“Same goes for you, dad,” she replied.
We purchased some carnival tickets and then spent the next couple of hours screaming on the rides. I watched in amusement as Nathan pretended to be frightened and hugged Susan for comfort.
“They seem to be hitting it off,” said Duncan as we got on the Ferris wheel by ourselves.
“Yeah.”
Duncan’s face darkened. “So, what exactly happened between you and Ethan?”


Chapter Twenty-Two

“Not much,” I lied.
His eyes narrowed. “Nathan mentioned he was in your bedroom?”
“Yes. He knocked on the door and I opened it. I’m not even sure why I did. He has this way of manipulating people. You heard Susan.”
“He’d better leave you alone or I’ll manipulate his face,” he said. He then put his arms around me and drew me close.
I smiled in pleasure as his lips closed in on mine. Within a matter of seconds, I’d forgotten all about Ethan and was kissing Duncan back as hungrily as he was kissing me. Then the ride was ending, and we were forced to pull apart
“What are you doing to me?” he murmured.
I’d certainly felt his excitement brush against me and decided it was probably better that the ride had ended when it did.
“So, Duncan, how many girls have you been with?’
He looked at me in surprise. “Is it important?”
“No, not really.”
“If it makes you feel better, I’ve only been with one other girl. We went out for a few months when I was living with my mom, in Minnesota.”
“Do you miss her?”
He grabbed my hand and squeezed it. “You’re all I care about, Nikki. I’ve never felt this way about anyone.”
I smiled and kissed him.
“What about you?” he asked, when I pulled away.
I blushed. “Actually, I’m a virgin.”
He raised his eyebrows.
“What?”
“You are?”
I scowled. “Yeah, why? Do I seem easy to you or something.”
He burst out laughing. “No! I’m sorry. You just know how to…”
I smiled wickedly. “Excite you? You’re a guy. It’s not too difficult to figure out.”
“So, you’re really a virgin?” he said, rubbing the bottom of his chin. “Hmm…I’d better be careful then. You’re like a delicate flower that needs to be handled with kid gloves.”
I snorted. “Yeah right!”
“Okay, maybe I should tell you to be careful with me.”
“Maybe, you should.”
He smiled as the Ferris wheel stopped at the ground and then helped me down.
“There’s Nathan and Susan,” I said, pointing towards the ticket booth. They were apparently going on more rides.
“Would you like to go on more rides?” he asked, pulling out his wallet.
“Actually, I have to use the ladies’ room,” I said, looking around.
He nodded. “I’ll come with you.”
We walked towards the beach where there was a public restroom open for the festival, which was good because I hated using the satellites.
“Do you want to take a walk by the beach?” he asked when I was finished.
I looked towards the beach. It was dusk and now deserted. “Sure.”
We walked towards the lake and I took off my sandals so I could dig my toes in the sand.
“Now that I’ve got you alone…” he grinned, grabbing my arm and pulling me close.
Duncan was almost a foot taller than me and I stood on my tippy toes to meet his lips. We started kissing and then I remembered.
“Wait,” I said. “It’s getting dark. We shouldn’t be out here alone.”
He snorted. “Listen, if Ethan shows up, I’ll knock his lights out.”
Duncan would have been a formidable adversary for anyone, but not for whatever kind of creature Ethan was. There was no question in my mind about that.
“Duncan, he’s not normal. Remember how he grabbed me and ran through the woods? Even you can’t compete with that.”
He sighed. “Fine. Just one more kiss and we’ll head back.”
I slid my arms around his neck and we began kissing, again. Just when my legs began to feel like jelly, he released me.
“Hey,” I pouted as I opened my eyes.
“Well, well, well,” chuckled Ethan. “You’re a naughty little vixen, aren’t you?”
Duncan lay on the ground, obviously unconscious. I rushed to his side and looked up at Ethan. “What did you do to him?!” I yelled.
He sighed. “Don’t worry he’s just taking a little nap. I should have killed him for even touching you.”
“Ethan, you have to stop this. I’m not Miranda.”
He grabbed my hand and lifted me up. “You are Miranda. I can see it in your eyes, the way you smell, how you taste…” he murmured, looking into my eyes.
My heart began to race as he bent his head and began kissing me. A wave of hot pleasure shot through my body and I released a strangled moan.
Just then, Duncan came back to his senses. “Leave her alone, you asshole!” he raged, trying to get Ethan away from me.
Ethan’s eyes burned with fury and I watched in awe as he let out an unearthly roar. Before I could do anything, he held Duncan in the air by his throat.
“Please, stop!” I sobbed, rushing towards them. I started hitting Ethan in the back, but it was like hitting a plate of steel. He used his other hand and pushed me to the ground.
Duncan’s eyes were bugging out of his head and his face was turning purple. I knew he would die if I didn’t do something.
“Ethan!” I screamed, getting back up. I hit him repeatedly with my fists, but he continued to ignore me. It was only when a group of men began racing towards us that he swore and released Duncan.
“Let’s go, now,” ordered Ethan.
I backed away from him and then turned to run. Before I could take five steps, I was in his arms and we were racing across the beach like a flash of lightning.
“No…” I sobbed as the lights from the carnival became a blur.

Chapter Twenty-Three

I woke up in a cool, dark bedroom. Candles lit up the room and rock music played softly in the background.
I sat up. “Duncan?” I mumbled, “Nathan?”
Someone sighed and I found Ethan watching me from the shadows. He sat in a leather club chair that had been pushed into the corner of the room.
“So, you’re finally awake,” he murmured.
I swallowed. “Where am I?”
“Welcome to my humble abode,” he chuckled. He was naked from the waist up and my mind turned traitor once again as I imagined running my fingers over his impressive pecs.
What in the hell was wrong with me?!
I forced my lustful thoughts aside and tried to concentrate on Duncan and whether or not he was safe.
“Take me home,” I demanded, scooting to the edge of the bed. “Please.”
His eyes studied me intently, but he didn’t respond.
I stood up and smoothed down my dress. “Seriously, take me home,” I said, lifting my chin.
Ethan stood up and walked towards me. His eyes lowered to my dress and I suddenly felt naked. I wondered if vampires had x-ray vision.
I put a hand to my chest and looked up at him. “Ethan?”
“You are home,” he replied, his voice husky. I backed away and he grinned. “Are we playing hard to get, now?”
I ignored the question. “Look, this is insane. You can’t just keep me here like a prisoner.”
His eyes hardened. “Prisoner? If you want to leave, you’re certainly free to go.” He then stood sideways so that I could move around him to the doorway.
Holding my breath, I decided to go for it. Before I could take two steps, however, he grabbed both of my hands and had them behind my back before I had a chance to exhale.
“You know you want to be with me,” he said, smiling darkly. “In every way.”
I stared up into eyes that hinted of things I’d only fantasized about, and shamefully, my resistance fell apart.
Yes, I wanted Ethan…
In fact, from the tingling sensation growing between my legs, I wanted him every way and everywhere.
One of his large hands slid into my hair, cupping the back of my head. “Let me,” he whispered seductively, his breath hinting of butterscotch once again, “please you.”
Oh, my God…
My eyes lowered to his mouth and I licked my lips, remembering how good they’d felt on my skin. The next thing I knew, he had me on the bed, pressing against me, and I surrendered all control, gasping in guilty pleasure. Within seconds I was returning his kisses as passionately as he was giving them.
“Yes,” he growled, against my mouth as my hands traveled along his back to his hair. I tightened my fingers around the strands and pulled him closer, kissing him deeper as hot waves of desire shot through my veins, urging me on.
More… I wanted more…
I wrapped my legs around his waist, this time holding him captive as our pelvises moved together in a rhythm that soon had me whimpering in pleasure.
Suddenly, he stopped and his body tensed up.
“What?” I asked, staring up at him.
He closed his eyes and his jaw tightened.
“What did I do?” I whispered, touching his cheek.
He opened his eyes and they seemed to burn right into my soul. I stared in awe as a fire ignited around his irises and grew into flames.
My eyes widened. “Are you okay?”
He touched my cheek with his finger, drawing circles. “I’m fine… and you’ve done nothing but… make me want you more than ever,” he whispered. “I just needed a second to regain my control.”
“Oh.”
“Now, where were we?” he asked as his fingers moved down my neck and across my chest. Before I could respond, the front of my dress was ripped open and his mouth was on my skin.
“Oh,” I moaned as his tongue trailed wet kisses to my nipples, teasing and driving me insane with desire.
“You’re so beautiful,” he whispered, cupping my breasts as his mouth moved upwards. When I realized where he stopped, I tensed up, wondering what would happen next.
Was he actually going to bite me? And worse, would I care?
His tongue stroked the skin near my collarbone and then moved up towards my ear, nibbling and licking. As I began to relax, his right hand released my breast and his fingers moved down my ribcage, across my bellybutton to my panties, stopping right at the edge of the cotton.
“Invite me in,” he whispered against my neck.
“Yes…” I whispered, my legs trembling.
He ran one of his fingers over the top of the material and I gasped. “Say it…” he demanded.
“Come in, Ethan…”
Just as his fingers began to slide under the fabric, the door burst open and he shot up. His face was a mask of monstrous rage and my heart stopped as I saw his fangs for the first time. “What is the meaning of this?!” he growled.
Sheriff Caleb stood facing us while I pulled the blankets over my exposed body. His face was burning red, as were his homicidal eyes. “Why in the fuck did you bring her here?!”

Chapter Twenty-Four

They’d locked me in the bedroom but I could still hear their angry shouts from somewhere in the house. Caleb said he had to bring me back, but Ethan raged that I belonged with him. I wanted to go home desperately and prayed that Ethan would give in and release me.
There was a soft knock at the door and then it opened. An attractive red-haired girl entered the room, who I only assumed was Celeste, Caleb’s daughter. This time she wasn’t wearing glasses and her startling green eyes stared at me with interest.
“Here,” she said, throwing me a pair of shorts and T-shirt. “I heard you needed this.”
I stared at her, wondering if she was a vampire, too.
“Yes,” she said with a sardonic grin. “I am whatever it is you think I am.”
“What, you can read minds?” I asked.
She laughed. “No, I could tell what you were thinking by the expression on your face.”
“What are they going to do with me?” I asked.
“If Ethan had his way, you’d never leave his side. Caleb doesn’t really trust you, but he has the hots for your mom and isn’t willing to hurt her.”
I scowled. “How fucking sensitive of him.”
She laughed. “So, what do you want to do?” she asked. “Do you care for Ethan?”
“I don’t know,” I said, pulling the T-shirt over my head, “he stares into my eyes and I want nothing more than to be with him. But that’s not real, is it? Isn’t that some kind of power he has to control people?”
She nodded. “True.”
“But, even now…” I said. “He has this effect on me and he’s not even in the room. I guess I really might feel something for him. It’s all so confusing.”
“It’s only natural to feel lust towards him, if that’s all it is. He’s very sexy.”
“That is no lie.”
“Caleb said he caught you with some guy named Duncan,” she said.
“Yeah,” I answered. “I’ve kind of been seeing Duncan.”
“Are you in love with this, Duncan?”
“I think I’m confused. I don’t know. Maybe I’m a little in love with both of them.”
She smiled. “Being in love with one of us is dangerous. If you decide to stay with Ethan, you can’t live a normal life.”
I swallowed. “So, are you vampires?”
She grimaced. “I never did like that word.”
I swallowed. “So… do you suck people’s blood?”
She stepped closer to me and touched my cheek as I held my breath. “We take nourishment wherever we can get it. Some are willing to give us our nourishment, some don’t have much say in the matter.”
I backed up. “So, you are willing to kill people if you have to?”
She smiled darkly. “Survival of the fittest.”
“Is Caleb turning my mother into one of you?”
“I believe that he has chosen your mother to be his mate.”
Oh, hell.
“Is Caleb your real father?” I asked, continuing with my questions. If she was willing to answer, I wasn’t going to stop.
“Yes,” she said. “My father became a… vampire first. He then turned me into one to save my life.”
My eyebrows shot up. “What do you mean?”
“I had Typhoid.”
“Wow, when was that?”
“Eighteen ninety-one,” she said.
I stared at her in shock. “That would make you…”
“Much older than you,” she answered.
Caleb stormed into the bedroom and waved at me. “Let’s go. We have to get you out of here before your brother and Duncan show up. I guess they know about this place from Susan.”
“Are you taking me home?” I asked, backing away from him.
His eyes narrowed. “You weren’t hurt, and when I walked in on you and Ethan, you looked to be enjoying yourself. You aren’t planning on pressing any charges against Ethan, are you?”
I looked past Caleb to where Ethan was standing with his arms crossed, looking furious. “No,” I said.
“You aren’t going to make any trouble for us, are you? Not that anyone would believe you anyway,” said Caleb.
“If you leave my mother alone,” I said. “I’ll keep my mouth shut.”
Caleb’s face turned dark. “I can’t do that.”
“Yes you can! Do you think I want my mom turning into a vampire? I’ve seen her neck!” I yelled, surprising myself.
He sighed. “There are things you don’t understand. Your mother… I have feelings for her and I’d do anything for her.”
“So you’d turn her into one of you?”
He ran a hand through his hair. “How do I say this?” he stepped closer. “Your mother has cancer and I’m giving her a second chance.”
I snorted. “You seriously expect me to believe that?”
“She has breast cancer,” he said, his face grim. “Hell, she doesn’t even know about it yet.”
I felt sick to my stomach. “What, you can sense that?”
He nodded. “Yes and if she becomes one of us, she’ll survive. If she doesn’t, she may die.”
“But you didn’t even consider giving her a chance?”
“I was afraid she’d say no,” he said. “You’re right, though, I didn’t give her a choice. She may hate me when she finds out, but at least she’ll be alive.”
“Do you consider yourself alive?”
Ethan stepped past Caleb and put his hands on my shoulders. “Do I look dead to you? What you felt earlier, was that really so bad?”
I stepped back. “Ethan, you’re trying to control me again. I don’t know how I feel about you because it isn’t real. You use your powers to make me feel things that I’m not even sure about.”
“I only did it the first night we met,” he said. “And I’m…. sorry. But I haven’t manipulated you at all since that night. Every feeling, every emotion you’ve had since then, has been real.”
There was a sharp knock at the door and someone stepped into the room. “We have to do something, now!” hollered one of the guys I’d seen Ethan with in the diner the other night. “Someone’s here. I think it’s her damn brother.”
“Fuck,” groaned Caleb.
“Wait,” said Celeste. “Let me take care of him.”
“Don’t you dare hurt my brother,” I snapped.
She smiled. “Believe me, when I’m done with him, he’ll be begging me to hurt him. But in a good way.”
I wasn’t sure what she meant, but Caleb nodded and said, “Celeste won’t hurt him or she’ll answer to me.”
She gave him a pouty face as she stepped out of the room.
Caleb nodded towards the door. “You’re free to leave,” he said to me.
I looked at Ethan, who was obviously upset. “I…”
“I told you before that you were free to go,” he said. “I’d never do anything to hurt you.”
I’m sure he still thought I was Miranda and wanted me to become a vampire like he was. But the very idea of doing that was frightening beyond belief. I still wasn’t exactly sure how I felt about him, but I knew without a doubt that I didn’t belong to that world.
I looked down and stepped past him to the door.
“Nikki.”
I turned to him. “What, Ethan?”
“You haven’t seen the last of me.”
I wish I could have pretended that those words didn’t affect me, but they did. He must have noticed my reaction, because he licked his lips and gave me a slow sexy smile.
“Goodbye, Ethan,” I said, walking away.

Chapter Twenty-Five

They lived in a large old colonial that was very well furnished. I’m not sure why I was so surprised; if they were vampires and could live for centuries, they had time to save for such luxuries.
“Nikki!” hollered my brother from the front door. “Are you okay?”
I was walking down a long spiral staircase that faced the front door where Nathan and Duncan stood. They were being held back by two other guys from the diner, who I assumed were also vampires. Celeste was also with them.
“I’m fine,” I said.
Duncan looked pissed and was glaring at the vampires. “Get out of our way so we can make sure she’s not hurt!”
“Now, now,” said Celeste. “She’s doing fine. She came here on her own free will, and isn’t hurt in the least.”
“Who are you?” asked Duncan.
She smiled. “I’m a friend of Nikki’s and Anne’s. I’m Caleb’s daughter, Celeste.”
“She’s fine,” confirmed Caleb, trying to ease the tension in the room. “And she’s not pressing charges because she came on her own free will.”
I walked to the front door and Duncan put his arms around me. “Are you okay?” he asked, searching my face.
“Yeah, I’m fine.”
Duncan frowned and looked at Caleb. “I should press charges against that asshole, Ethan, wherever he is.”
“I’m right here,” said Ethan, coming down from the top of the stairs.
“Okay, do you want to press charges?” asked Caleb.
Duncan glared at Ethan, who was smiling malevolently. “I just want him to leave Nikki alone,” he said.
“Nikki and I are friends,” replied Ethan, his eyes undressing me again. Even now I wanted to be underneath him, his mouth and hands everywhere. Especially when he looked at me that way – like I was his possession and he knew it.
“Right,” snapped Duncan.
“I remember you now,” said Celeste to Nathan. “You’re the cute guy from the grocery store the other night.”
Nathan’s eyes appeared to dilate as he stared at the beautiful vampire. A lopsided grin spread across his face. “I was wondering what happened to you. It’s nice to see you again.”
“And it’s very nice to see you,” she replied, twirling a red curl around her finger.
Duncan frowned. “Nathan, she’s with them. Don’t fall for this shit.”
Nathan ignored him, staring at her as if she was a buffet of food and he was dying of starvation. “So, Celeste, what are you doing with these jackasses?”
“I rode over here with my dad,” she answered. “I’m friends with Ethan and wanted to find out what was happening.” She looked at Duncan and smiled. “You must be Duncan?”
Duncan sighed. “Yeah.”
“I’ve heard all about you,” she said, putting her hands on her hips. “Nikki’s quite fond of you.”
He looked at me and I smiled.
Celeste yawned. “Guys, I’m getting really tired and I think everyone should go home now, it’s very late. Isn’t that right, Duncan?”
Duncan’s eyes dilated as their eyes met. “Yes, it’s getting late. We should all go home.”
“Good thinking,” she said with an amused expression. She turned to Caleb who looked satisfied at the change of events. “Daddy, I’m starving. Can we stop somewhere for a late snack on the way home?”
From the look in her eyes, I knew her snack wasn’t the type I’d enjoy. I quickly grabbed Duncan’s and Nathan’s hands. “We have to leave. Now.”
“Goodbye, Nikki,” called Ethan. “I’m sure I’ll be seeing you very soon.”
Duncan somehow snapped out of his trance. He stared at Ethan with hate. “Stay the fuck away from her!”
“Only if she wants me to,” he replied, his eyes still focused on me.
That had nothing to do with what I wanted from him. In fact, I knew that if we didn’t get out of the house soon, I’d never be able to leave. “Let’s go,” I said, pulling them through the door.
When we got into Nathan’s Mustang, his mind seemed to clear from whatever spell Celeste had put him under. “What in the hell just happened?”
“I don’t know,” said Duncan, who was sitting in the backseat, tapping his fingers nervously on the door. “What I do know is that I should have had Ethan arrested for trying to kill me earlier.”
“Are you sure you’re okay, Nikki?” asked my brother. “You weren’t bitten or anything, were you?”
I shook my head.
“So, is Ethan a vampire or what?” asked Duncan. “He certainly has some kind of super strength. He almost killed me on beach. Then he took off with my girl. I feel like such a lame excuse for a boyfriend. ”
I turned around to look at him. “There’s no way you could have done anything more. And look, I’m here, now, and I’m totally fine.”
He sighed. “It’s my fault, you know. You warned me about walking on the beach. I’m just glad you’re okay. I was so worried that he might have killed you or something.”
“No, he wouldn’t kill me.”
“How can you be so sure? You can’t trust that maniac. Look what happened to Abigail.”
“We don’t know if he did that,” I said, not wanting to believe it. I couldn’t imagine Ethan as a murderer. Not when he made me feel so safe and alive.
“Did you actually ask him?” asked Nathan.
“Um, no. Are you kidding?”
He frowned. “What about those other girls. Did you ask him about those?”
“No.”
The truth was, I was terrified of his answer.
“So, what were you doing all this time?” asked Duncan.
I lied. “Just talked about other things.” I certainly couldn’t tell him the truth. It did neither of us any good, and until I figured out what had actually happened and whether or not I’d had any control, I’d keep it to myself. Besides, hurting Duncan was the last thing I wanted to do. “To tell you the truth, I talked to Celeste more than anyone.”
“She is so freakin hot,” said Nathan, grinning. “I’m going to have to get her number from Caleb.”
“No, Nathan. Just stay away from her,” I said.
“Why?” asked Nathan. “Because you don’t like Caleb?”
I sighed. “No, because she’s a vampire. So is he, by the way.”
Nathan slammed on the brakes. “What?”
Before I could continue, something landed on the top of Nathan’s car with a loud thud.
“Shit!” hollered Duncan as Ethan jumped to the ground. “He’s come back for Nikki.”
The doors were locked but it didn’t stop him. He ripped mine open and tossed it into the ditch.
“Shit, no… he didn’t just do that to my Mustang!” hollered Nathan, getting out of the car.
“Hi,” smiled Ethan, as he bent down on one knee. He held out his hand to me. “I just couldn’t stay away. Do you have a few minutes to talk in private?”
“No,” I said, backing away. “I can’t go anywhere with you.”
He actually looked hurt. He stood up. “Why?”
“Leave her alone, you bastard!” snarled Duncan, getting out of the car. He walked around and stood next to Nathan, his fists clenched, ready to fight.
“I think we can take him together, bro,” said Nathan, taking a step towards Ethan.
Ethan smiled with a hint of fang. “I won’t hurt you because Nikki wants it that way. But if either of you touch me, your future holds no promises.”
“Okay, fine, what do you want with me?” I asked, getting out of the car. I didn’t want anyone hurt but from the look on everyone’s faces, something was about to go down. Unfortunately, there was no doubt in my mind that it would be Duncan and Nathan.
Ethan sighed and ran a hand through his black hair, which was still messy from rolling around in bed with me. “I’m leaving. Caleb has banished me and I’m going to New York.”
“Good,” replied Duncan. “Then you’d better move quickly, daylight’s coming.”
He smiled coldly. “Daylight doesn’t affect me. It’s just a little… uncomfortable.”
“My sister isn’t going anywhere with you,” said Nathan. “And guess what? You’re going to pay for my door before you leave.”
Ethan took out his wallet and threw several hundred dollar bills at his feet. “There you go, bro. Get it fixed.”
“Asshole,” mumbled Nathan, picking up the bills.
Ethan turned back to me. “Can we just have a little time alone, Nikki? There are some things I need to tell you.”
Duncan moved in front of me. “You stay the fuck away from her.”
“This doesn’t concern you,” replied Ethan, glaring at Duncan. “Move aside.”
“You’re going to have to make me,” he growled.
I groaned and stepped around him. “Fine, I’ll talk to you, Ethan.” If he actually was leaving, I wanted to find out what he had to say.
“Bullshit,” said Nathan. “No way is that going to happen.”
I turned to my brother and grabbed his arm, pulling him away. “Nathan,” I whispered. “Just, let me talk to him. He hasn’t hurt me. Not ever. Give us a few minutes alone, within eyesight of you two. Maybe he’ll give us information on those murders. I seriously don’t think he did it but maybe he knows who did.”
“No! He might sweep you away like he did last time,” said Nathan. “Besides, what do you have to say to this… monster?”
I stared into his eyes. “Nathan, nothing is going to happen, okay? Just, trust me. We won’t go far, and if I need your help, I’ll call you guys. Please?”
“What’s going on?” asked Duncan, moving closer to us.
He rubbed his forehead. “She really wants to talk to Ethan.”
Duncan’s eyes widened in alarm. “Why?”
“To see if he knows anything about those murders. Trust me, he won’t hurt me.”
“It’s him I don’t trust,” grunted Duncan.
“I could have taken her already,” volunteered Ethan loudly. Obviously, his ears were picking up on our conversation. “But I haven’t and won’t, if that’s her decision.”
“What about the mind control thing? He might talk you into it,” said Nathan.
I turned towards Ethan. “You won’t use that. Right, Ethan?” I asked, raising my voice, although I didn’t know what the point was.
“Of course not.”
“I still don’t like it,” said Duncan, advancing towards Ethan. “She’s my girl, asshole. Why can’t you leave her alone?”
Ethan ignored him. He held his hand out to me as I chased after Duncan, to stop him. “Nikki? Can we just have a few moments alone? Seriously, I don’t have much time.”
“Yes,” I replied, ignoring his hand. I knew my brother and Duncan were still angry, but I wanted to hear what Ethan had to say.
“Don’t worry, I’ll take good care of her,” said Ethan right before he grabbed my and flew away.

Chapter Twenty-Six

“Ethan!” I shouted as soon as we landed. I stepped away and pointed at him angrily. “What the hell? You weren’t supposed to actually fly off with me like that!”
“I wanted to be alone with you. It might be our last time,” he pouted.
I sighed. “That wasn’t supposed to be part of the deal.”
“Sorry.”
“So, what is this about?”
He smiled. “I wanted you to come with me. To New York.”
My eyes widened. “I’m still in school and you’re a… vampire. I can’t just go away with you.”
He got down on his knees and stared up at me. “Would it help if I confessed my undead love for you?”
This time I laughed out loud. “You’re crazy.”
He stood up and pulled me back into his arms. “Hey, the only thing I’m crazy about, is you.”
“I’m not so sure about that. I mean, you keep calling me Miranda. I’m not this person and I’ll never be her.”
He tipped my chin up and stared into my eyes. “I know that. Look, Nikki, I’m drawn to you, and as far as I’m concerned, nothing else matters.”
“Drawn to me?”
“Yes. There’s this magnetic pull between us, can’t you feel it? It’s like, we were meant to be together.”
“I don’t know about a magnetic pull… I mean, I like you. I like you, a lot. But…”
“But what? Just throw caution to the wind. I’ll take care of you, Nikki. I swear I’ll keep you safe.”
“I just can’t do what you’re asking. My mother needs me so much right now, and I can’t leave my brother. You have to understand that? You and I… we don’t even really know each other.”
“I won’t force you to come with me, but I want you to understand that I can’t come back to this place.”
I stared at his face, which was so incredibly handsome. I knew I’d miss him. Whether it was real or not, I felt something for Ethan and wished things were different.
He bent forward and pressed his lips to mine.
“Your skin, it’s so cool,” I whispered, touching his cheek.
“I haven’t had time to… feed. I had other things on my mind.”
I touched his forehead. “When your skin is cooler, does it mean you’re weaker?”
“Yes, In fact, I’ll lose most of my strength if I don’t eat soon. That’s another reason I wanted to move quickly.”
“So, what exactly do you need to… survive?”
He smiled bitterly. “Do you really want to know?”
“Not really, but I need to know one thing; do you kill innocent people?”
He shook his head vehemently. “No. I feed off of willing victims. I only take what I need and they live to see another day. Swear to God.”
I stared at him. I wasn’t sure where he found ‘willing victims’ and wasn’t about to ask.
I sighed. “Where are you going to find a willing victim now?”
“I don’t know yet,” he smiled grimly. “I guess I hadn’t thought about that when I was chasing after you. I just really wanted to see you before I left.”
“How about me?”
His eyes widened. “You?”
I pulled my hair away from my neck. “Yes, use my blood. Do it before I change my mind, though.”
He stared at my neck and licked his lips. “I… there is some danger involved. If anything happened to you, I’d never forgive myself.”
“Then you’d better do it quickly, before I chicken out. I hate needles enough as it is.”
He lips curled up. “It’s not quite the same thing.”
I swallowed. “Okay, does it hurt?”
He caressed my neck with his fingertip and I shivered. “I can make it enjoyable for you,” he whispered, huskily.
I looked up into blue his eyes and the naked desire reflected there made me breathless. “Okay,” I whispered. “Just do it, quickly.”
“You sure?”
“Yes. Take my blood.”
His eyes dilated. With a low growl in the back of his throat, his lips crushed mine and his tongue made its way into my mouth, stroking and demanding a response.
And respond I did.
I slid my hands around his neck, drawing him closer and I could feel his arousal pressing against me. I shivered in delight as a desire to wrap my legs around his waist and hold on forever washed over me.
Instead, he let me go.
“Are you sure about his?” he asked. He was breathing so heavily, it reminded me of a lion panting for water.
I touched his lip with the pad of my thumb. It was so sensual and yet, something lurked behind it that both frightened and excited me. “Yes, just do it already.”
Ethan stared into my eyes and a burning desire to do whatever he wanted, slammed through every nerve in my body. This time I grabbed the back of his head and pulled him down to meet my lips, feeling like I just couldn’t get enough of his mouth.
He groaned against my lips and cupped my rear, rubbing his hips against mine, causing a warm ache between my legs. Just when I didn’t think I could take it anymore, he raised his head.
“Please,” I begged, not even sure of what I was asking for anymore.
He moved his mouth to my neck and paused. I could feel the coolness of his breath against my skin; I could also feel him trembling. “I love you,” he whispered and then, his teeth broke through.
I shuddered in ecstasy as my blood flowed into him with a rush of pleasure so great, that I could have died and it wouldn’t have mattered. “Ethan,” I breathed, clutching him tighter so that I wouldn’t fall.
A gunshot echoed through the night and suddenly he was backing away from me, a look of horror and pain etched on his face. Before I could ask him what had happened, he was gone.
“Did you get him?!” shouted my mother’s voice in the darkness.
“Yeah,” said Caleb. “He’s bleeding. He won’t get far.”
My mother was crying hysterically as she rushed towards me. “Nikki! Oh, my God, you’re bleeding everywhere. We have to get her to the hospital!” she screamed at Caleb.
Caleb nodded. “I’ve already called an ambulance.”
“Mom,” I whispered, staring at her in confusion. How did she get there? Where was Ethan?
“Are you okay?” she asked.
“Yeah… I’m… fine.”
She shook her head and sobbed harder. “No, you’re not! You’re bleeding and you’re so pale. Dear Lord, what was that monster doing to my little girl?!”
I couldn’t answer her, because at that moment, I lost consciousness.

***

End of Book One

Book two, Shiver, is available at most eBook stores.
For more information on Kristen Middleton, visit her website at www.kristenmiddleton.com or see her facebook author page




Other books also by Kristen Middleton -
Zombie Games Series
Enchanted Secrets
Tangled Beauty (Written as K.L. Middleton)
Tangled Mess (Written as K.L. Middleton)
Sharp Edges (Written as K.L. Middleton)



Chrissy Peebles - Eternal Vows


Eternal Vows
(Book 1 in The Ruby Ring Saga)

By

Chrissy Peebles

***

Blurb:

Never marry a stranger...even if he is a drop-dead gorgeous immortal king.

Never pretend to be a princess.

And most importantly...never slip on an ancient wedding ring you know nothing about.

Sarah Larker returns to a cave where her sister disappeared ten years earlier. She walks through a portal and is mistaken for a runaway princess on the run by a dangerous immortal king in medieval times. Her plan is bold as well as daring—become this princess, wed the king, and slip on an ancient wedding ring that will unlock the portal back home. Then find her sister and run as fast as she can out of Dodge. But taking on the identity of Princess Gloria comes along with dangerous consequences; and slipping on the ruby ring comes with an even higher price.


Cover design by: Willsin Rowe

Edited by: Autumn J. Conley, autiej@gmail.com

Chrissy’s blog: http://chrissypeebles.blogspot.com/

Book Trailer for Eternal Vows: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_w-eZwPJbA

Facebook Fan Page: https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=vb.351121651567296&type=2#!/pages/Chrissy-Peebles/351121651567296




Chapter 1

A soft growl echoed in the darkness. Sarah snatched the thermal imaging camera from the row of equipment by the fire. Turning in a slow circle, she scanned the dark trees beyond. Nothing moved. Just as she was taking a few tentative steps through the ferns and thick brush, a branch snapped, making her jump. Another growl pierced the silence. She clutched her chest, as if that might calm her racing heart. Five years as a Bigfoot researcher, and she was still not used to the occasional howl. Then again, no animal she had ever encountered before had made such an ominous and menacing sound.
She stopped for a moment and listened, her heart thumping hard in her eardrums. “Show yourself!” Her voice echoed from the trees with a courage she couldn’t feel. A shiver slid down her spine as she pulled her radio off her belt. “Base camp to Adam. Computer screen’s flashing like crazy. Something broke the perimeter line.”
The radio crackled and a voice answered. “Adam to base camp. What zone?”
“Zone 3. All cameras up and running, but I don’t see anything out of the ordinary. I’m getting sounds over here—some movement too. I’m gonna check it out. Over.”
“Wait…all by yourself?” Adam’s snort carried through the static. “No way. Just because you’re running this operation, that doesn’t give you permission to break protocol. Stay by the fire. We’re coming.”
“Sure, bring in the cavalry.” Sarah rolled her eyes as she picked up her infrared camera. “Listen, in the meantime, I’ll just walk around the perimeter, that’s all. Maybe I’ll see something.”
“Roger that. Just be careful.” The radio transmission ended.
She straightened and peered around in the darkness. A branch snapped behind her, followed by another. How many creatures are there? She switched on the walkie-talkie and moved her fingers over the buttons; she could barely see what she was doing. “Base camp to Adam. Something’s coming down the hill.”
Sarah pointed the FLIR camera straight ahead, then took a few more steps into the foliage. A red amoebic-looking blob on the scanner screen began to morph, growing larger as it took on a humanoid shape. She gasped. Oh, this time they’ll see. This time, I’m gonna have more tangible evidence than mosquito bites and a bad case of poison ivy in places where I didn’t even know I had places. She spoke into the radio, “Get over here NOW! I’m getting a heat signature on the thermal. Something’s moving closer…something really huge!”
“We’re on our way!” said a voice over the radio. “Stay put and be careful!”
She shouted into the walkie-talkie. “Is every team still in place? Nobody was supposed to return to base camp without my permission. Do you hear me, Adam?”
Her radio crackled as Adam answered. “All teams accounted for. Nobody near base camp. Wait for a team. I repeat, wait for a team.”
Her heart rate spiked. Could this really be that elusive creature I’ve been stalking? “Are you kidding? This is what I came here for. It’s what we came for. I’ll stay within the perimeter and proceed with caution. Trust me, I’m not leaving in a Medivac.”
The red blurb disappeared from Sarah’s monitor. She held her breath, her head whipping from left to the right, ears and eyes straining to take in any tiny noise she could make out. Moonlight flooded through the trees, and a cool breeze blew across her face. Crickets sang, and mosquitoes buzzed. She held down the lever on her radio. “I’m not seeing anything. Whatever it is, it’s gone now.” Is my mind playing tricks on me? No way. The thermal definitely picked up something. A bear? Possibly, and if it was, I probably spooked it off. She spun in a slow circle, extending the thermal image camera; suddenly, there was a snap of another twig.
Strong arms gripped her from behind. She screamed, flailing wildly, sending her camera flying into the woodlands.
“Calm down,” a voice said, laughing. “It’s only me. Might want to warn your team that I set off some tripwires on the way here.”
“YOU!? Those growling sounds weren’t funny, you idiot! And look…you made me drop an expensive piece of equipment. Hard to believe you’re a professional, Frank.” Sarah took a slow, deep breath to calm her nerves.
He slipped off his leather jacket. “Oh, come on. I even bought a proper Indiana Jones fedora for the occasion.”
Her cheeks grew hot as she stared at the safari shirt stretching across his broad shoulders and strong chest, his sleeves rolled up at the elbow. Khaki-colored pants finished his adventurer ensemble. His brown hair hung in shaggy waves from underneath his hat. He looked really hot, but there was no way she was going to admit it. If he’d had a bullwhip, she would have wanted to strangle him with it. “You hate hats.”
“What? No I don’t. Now we match—his and hers Indy hats.” The flames leapt greedily at the logs, reflecting in his hazel eyes as he scanned her up and down with a crooked smile. “Did anybody ever tell you how sexy you look in camouflage? And boy, you have the part of big-game hunter nailed.”
“I’m not here to hunt any game and certainly not to kill anything. I just want to prove its existence.” Sarah let out a long sigh. “This is my expedition anyway, so what’re you doing here?” She reached down and picked up her equipment.
“I’m on assignment. Nobody wanted to write this article, but I jumped on it.” He wrapped an arm around her shoulder, pulling her close. “One of the perks of the job is seeing you.”
“Even if you got lost trying to find me in this forest?”
“I could more easily get lost in those big brown eyes of yours.”
She flung his arm off. “You scared the crap out of me!”
“Hey, you’re lucky I didn’t show up in an ape suit.”
“You know I have a tranquilizer gun, right?”
He glanced down at her waist. “Yeah, and I love the holster. It’s so Old West.”
Sarah met his gaze. “I’d aim straight for your—”
“Cute butt?” he finished, grinning.
She shook her head. “Not quite what I had in mind.”
“Don’t you dare say heart, ‘cause you’ve already shattered mine.”
“I’m sorry, Frank.”
“Why don’t you answer my phone calls or e-mails?”
She huffed. “Don’t you have some ridiculous ghost story or urban legend you could be out debunking? Shouldn’t you be killing off the Tooth Fairy for little kids or something?”
“Why do you waste your time playing head researcher in Planet of the Apes?”
Glaring, she picked up the radio. “Guys, false alarm! It’s only Frank Hedford.”
Adam’s voice crackled in the speaker. “Huh? That guy from the Daily News?”
She glared at Frank as she spoke into the walkie-talkie. “Yeah, that’s our animal. I’ll get rid of him. Everyone back to your positions.”
“So you caught the smaller, smellier version of Bigfoot, huh?” he asked over the radio.
“Yeah, I suppose I did. We’ll be in tomorrow’s headlines—‘Bigfoot: A No Show’.”
She recognized Steven’s voice when he said, “Throw that guy out on his big furry—”
Sarah turned off the radio.
Frank smiled. “Man, it feels good to be loved. Must be that article I wrote about those guys mistaking an elk for a Sasquatch. You know, I bet they could still get their story published. The supermarket tabloids would jump on a juicy tidbit like that.”
Sarah’s cheeks burned with anger. “Listen, we had two reliable eyewitnesses on that case, and—”
“And a blurry picture that didn’t add up to squat.”
“Why is it so hard to believe that a reclusive primate that hasn’t yet been documented and studied could be out there? Are you really so shallow that you can only believe in things you’ve seen with your own eyes?”
He groaned. “Sarah, it’s a myth. You know what that is, right? Bigfoot stories have scared Boy Scouts around campfires for decades. Oh, and speaking of campfires, I’m assuming this is base camp.” He tossed his backpack next to a few logs.
“You’re not invited to this slumber party,” Sarah said.
His eyes widened. “What? No stargazing and snuggling?”
She pointed away from her camp. “You can take your sleeping bag and tent somewhere else. How did you find me and my team anyway?”
He smirked. “Your organization tried to keep this location top secret, but I’m a journalist, doll, an investigative reporter. Took Lois Lane a while to figure out the correlation between Clark Kent and Superman, but I’m a hundred times sharper than her.”
“Fine. So spill it. How did you find us?”
Frank peeked up at the night sky that was dotted with millions of sparkling stars. “Well, for starters, I went back and read all the newspaper reports. Isn’t this the place where your sister disappeared when she was fifteen? What was that, about ten years ago? Sabrino Cave? I knew you’d hold the expedition here because you think these alleged creatures had something to do with your sister’s disappearance. When I saw your Jeep in that caravan of vehicles over there, I knew my hunch had panned out.”
He stretched his legs and made himself comfortable on the naked ground. She sensed he wasn’t going anywhere, so she decided to join the party and dropped down next to him.
“This is a great place for an investigation. Bluff Creek is where Patterson took his famous Bigfoot video.”
“Is that what you told your team?” He snorted. “You can’t fool me. Why didn’t you elaborate on the real reason you picked this location? This has Liz written all over it.”
She tried to fight the quiver in her voice. “Look, I don’t care how ‘investigative’ of a reporter you think you are, mister, but my sister’s off limits. You got that? You print one word about her, and I’ll sue the living—”
His tone softened. “Now, now. Calm down. I’m sorry. Clearly, I was out of line.”
“It’s fine,” she muttered. “Just get out of here, okay?”
“You sure about that? What, are you still sore we didn’t work out?”
“Work out? Hmm.”
“You know it really hurt that you didn’t invite me to your twenty-fourth birthday party last week. Yeah, I saw the pics on Facebook before you unfriended me.”
Sarah shrugged.
“Don’t worry,” he said. “I forgive you. I have to admit, I saw fireworks the second I laid eyes on you. It was so adorable how your face lit up like a Christmas tree.”
She slapped his arm. “I’m afraid you mistook that reaction. It was fright.”
He smiled at her as he snaked his arms around her. “More like awe.”
Oh, he has some nerve, this one. “Listen, I don’t need you breathing down my neck, okay? This isn’t a joke. I take my research very seriously,” Sarah said, breaking herself free from his smothering embrace. She sat down by the fire and scanned all eight cameras. “If you don’t mind, I have work to do.”
He kicked off his leather boots and grinned. “Mind if I kick back for a while? I had to hike miles and miles through the forest to find you.”
She shot him a glare. “There are some twenty-five to thirty other researchers and scientists you can bother. Take your pick of them or go out there and try your dumb luck in the woods, but just leave me alone.”
He winked. “Yeah, but those other campers aren’t as cute as you.”
She rolled her eyes. “Oh brother. What are you up to anyway? Dreaming up articles on how to discredit my work even more?”
“I only give my honest, professional opinion. I thought that’s what you loved about me. Anyway, listen, Sarah; let’s not dwell on the past. We’ve both made mistakes. I should’ve taken your research more seriously.”
Her eyes stayed focused on the screen, and she saw a mysterious shadow flit across it. “Whoa! Did you see that? Something just moved on Camera 2!” She leaned in, not believing what she was seeing. “Right there, left of the boulders. See it?” Maybe this is the real deal. Hunters claimed to see this beast only yesterday, right here in this vicinity.
“Where?” Frank asked.
She pointed to the left side of the monitor. “Look! It’s right there.” Her voice grew in intensity. “Something just moved on Camera 3. There…right over there. Do you see it?”
“Yes, but need I remind you that we’re in the middle of the wilderness? In case you might have forgotten, plenty of squirrels, rabbits, bears, and deer live out here.”
Sarah turned the knob to give more clarity to the screen. “This is me ignoring you.”
“You know, I think you’d be more into me if I stunk, had long hair, and gave off pheromones like a gorilla.”
“Who said you don’t?” She picked up the radio, her voice urgent. “Base camp to Adam. I got a shadow on the south side of the forest, Camera 3. I need Team 7 to check it out pronto. Over.”
“Roger that. What was that creepy howl?”
The radio crackled. “Amy to base camp.”
“Go ahead,” Sarah said.
“Bait’s gone by Cameras 1 and 2.”
“Any other teams experiencing anything unusual?” questioned Sarah into the radio.
“Team 6, by the river. Nothing unusual to report here.”
Static crackled. “Team 3 reporting. We heard some rustling in the bushes. It stopped, but something’s definitely out there. Could just be local wildlife, but we’re not sure.”
Another voice crackled over the walkie-talkie. “Team 9 reporting. We got some rock- and log-throwing, but it’s too dark to make anything out. Thermal’s not picking up anything.”
“Got a visual?” Sarah asked into the mouthpiece, ignoring her uninvited guest who didn’t believe it was anything more than a bear.
“No. We’re moving forward.”
She wasn’t comfortable with their plan. For a moment, she hesitated, considering other options, even though she knew there were none. “Okay. Get a visual, but stay safe.”
“This is Team 4. FLIR’s lighting up like fire,” Beth said. “We got a huge biped crawling low in the brush. Get over here NOW!”
“I’m on my way.” Sarah’s heart pounded as she put on a pair of night-vision goggles and began adjusting the straps. They weren’t as helpful as actual daylight, but even with that fluorescent green hue, they sure beat tripping. Everything sharpened into focus as she blinked, her view illuminated in neon from the high-tech gadget. She grabbed her 35mm, the FLIR, and clipped her radio on her belt. Without another look at Frank, she darted through the giant trees, swatting away at the brush and ferns as she went.
“Wait! I’m coming!” Frank yelled.
Sarah rolled her eyes and didn’t even bother looking back at him. She raced through the trees and thickets of brush, trying not to slip on the wet leaves. Finally, she made her way into a clearing and ran in the direction of Sabrino Cave.
Out of the darkness, a voice called out her name, and a beam of light shone in her direction. “Sarah? Is that you?” Adam called out.
“Yeah.”
Adam waved a flashlight around. “Is that…why is Frank still here? I thought you got rid of that joker.”
Frank took a step forward, but Sarah jerked his arm. “Listen, buddy, we don’t have time for any nonsense. Capisce?”
“But he started it,” he whined, pointing at Adam.
“What are you, like five?” She then shot a glance at Adam. “Look, just don’t start your crap, okay? I didn’t invite him, but he’s here, and we don’t have time for any drama.”
“Fine,” Adam said.
“Where’re the others?” she asked between breaths.
“Rob, Beth, and the camera dude, uh, Steven, are around here somewhere,” Adam said glancing around.
Just then, a figure burst through the towering ferns. “I’m so glad you’re here! Oh, man, you should’ve seen it,” Beth shouted. “I swear I almost pissed my pants.”
“No way! You saw it? With your own eyes?” Sarah met her gaze, gasping for air, her mind unable to comprehend just yet. “Where?”
“Over there!” Beth pointed behind her. “It took off to the north, and we chased it into the cave.”
A cold shudder ran down Sarah’s spine as she realized someone had actually seen the object of her obsession. We’re so close! We can’t afford any mistakes now. “This is Sarah calling all members.” She cleared her throat before she continued into her radio, her voice gaining urgency with every word. “Be on alert. We’ve got a visual on something huge walking around. We believe the creature is hiding in Sabrino Cave. Keep your eyes and ears open, people. Proceed with extreme caution.”
“What’s your position?” a voice crackled back.
“I’m a half-mile north of base camp, on my way to Sabrino Cave now. All teams report to Sabrino immediately.” She tapped Adam’s arm. “Let’s go.” Sarah jumped over the logs, ferns, and rocks scattered along the forest floor, her heartbeat thudding in her ears. Just ahead, she squinted at a large black mass of rock; the cave entrance came into view. Sarah stopped and peered into the dark hole. She pinched her nose shut, trying to prevent the pungent smell from penetrating her nostrils. “Pee-yew! I think somebody forgot to take out the garbage…like all week.”
“I saw this thing on the FLIR,” Beth said. “It’s at least eight feet tall. Man, it’s huge! I wonder if it’s still in the cave.”
“Well, let’s track it!” Sarah ordered, inching closer to the jagged opening.
“Or we can just follow the stench,” Beth said. “I say we get out our tranquilizer guns, just in case it charges us.”
Sarah nodded. “Good thinking.” She glanced at her cameraman, Steven, the bright camera light blinding her eyes in the blackness. “Are you getting this? Everything?”
“Yeah, man, but do you think cornering Crypto Guy is such a great idea?”
Sarah shoved her goggles to the top of her head. Glancing around, she took a few steps forward. “Look, you were hired to film this. If you can’t take the heat, get out of the kitchen, and we’ll find someone who can. Who knows when we’ll ever get another chance to be this close again? Surely you want to be part of this.”
“Yeah, sorry,” Steven uttered.
Sarah turned to Adam. “Now, did we get those shrieking calls on audio?”
“Sure did,” Adam said.
“Good.”
Frank shook her shoulder. “Are you crazy? Messing around with the local wildlife is beyond dangerous. I’m sure it’s just a bear or a big cat or—”
She brushed his hand off. “Look, Frank, you’ve done nothing but shoot down all my research on television, in your newspaper and magazine articles, and in your new book. If you’re so sure this is fake, some kind of staged crap, or that it’s just some nature show, why don’t you go in and see for yourself?”
Frank took a step back. “All you’ve got here is a trapped wild animal. Sure, I was hoping to get my shirt ripped off when I came looking for you, but not by a bear.”
Sarah ignored him and grabbed a tuft of coarse, dark hair from the cavern entrance. She squinted to get a good look at it in the darkness. “This isn’t from a bear, and whatever it is, I’m going to capture the thing on film. Adam, please bag this.”
“You got it, boss.”
Sarah opened up the lens on her camera and adjusted the settings. “People, we’re about to solve one of the biggest unsolved mysteries of the twenty-first century.”
Beth kneeled, her eyes wide. “Look, Sarah. We got prints.”
Large humanoid footprints were clear in the mud, and the sight of them sent a shiver down Sarah’s spine. It wasn’t human, ape, gorilla or chimpanzee unless they came in XXL. “Get measurements of these. Steven, swing that camera over here and get them on film.”
Beth stretched out a tape measure next to one of the fresh tracks indented in the mud.
“Some tracks in the mud? C’mon, Sarah. You know as well as I do that this doesn’t mean anything,” Frank muttered.
Sarah shook her head. “Anyone here wear a Size 20 shoe?” The footprints appeared to be roughly nineteen inches long and eight inches wide with a long stride and five discernible toes. Who’d go running around barefoot in ice-cold mud? “No one step on these prints. They’re the evidence we need. I’ll cast them in a minute.” She focused and snapped her camera. “Frank, myths don’t leave tracks,” she spat at him. “Wish me luck, people,” she said, turning her gaze toward the cave entrance. “I’m going in.”
“You’re really gonna risk your life just to prove me wrong?” Frank asked.
“Well, skeptics do tend to piss me off,” Sarah said. “For all these years, you’ve claimed my work is worthless, and that there’s nothing scientific about what we’re doing out here. You said that science needed to validate the existence of Bigfoot with a live or dead specimen. You said I’d need bones, teeth, or blood. But really, this has nothing to do with you. I am willing to risk my life to prove me right, and this is the perfect opportunity to get all the proof I need. I’m not waiting another second.”
Frank laughed. “Do you really think tomorrow’s headlines are gonna read, ‘I Just Found Bigfoot’? No way! If anything, the papers are gonna say, ‘Bigfoot Researchers Torn to Shreds by Bear’.”
She shrugged. “Well, you can think whatever you want, but at this point, I’ll take whatever fate throws at me. I have to see for myself, one way or the other.”
“All fate’s going to deliver is a million stitches and a trip to the emergency room,” Frank said. “These things don’t exist. I’ve told you that how many times?”
“I don’t care what you told me. Those tracks are real, that fur is real, and that’s solid enough evidence for me to take a closer look.”
Frank cleared his throat. “Evidence? Sure. Everything but the creature itself.”
“Well, Mr. Skeptic, then go in there and prove me wrong.”
He took off his hat and ran a hand through his unruly hair. “If I do this and I’m right, you owe me dinner—even if I’m in a full-body cast when that grizzly in there mauls me half to death.”
“Dinner? Sure. So man up.” She whipped out her tranquilizer gun and handed it to him.
He smiled, pointed the weapon with both hands, and walked through the entrance.
Sarah followed, her smile vanishing. A scream pierced the air, and it took her only a moment to realize it was her own. 



Chapter 2

Sarah scrambled to her feet, staring straight ahead. Harsh and unexpected light blared through the cavern entrance, forcing her to instinctively cover her eyes. Squinting, she raced outside and looked up: no stars, no moon, no darkness. Instead, the sun shone brightly through the trees, saturating the green leaves with its golden glow. The last time she’d checked, it had been midnight. All she could assume was that she’d hit her head in the fall and passed out for a good eight hours. Why hasn’t my team come to help me? She couldn’t help but wonder. Sure, they’d leave Frank to his own fate, but surely they’d come looking for me. “What the heck is going on? Where is everybody?” she asked aloud to no one in particular.
Groaning, Frank approached and rubbed his head. “What happened? Did I black out or something?”
Sarah hesitated for a moment, unsure. “I think we both did. It looks like morning.” She nervously fingered the black strap from her hanging 35mm Nikon. Reaching into her pocket, she let out a sigh of relief; the FLIR hadn’t fallen out in whatever skirmish had happened in the dark.
“Are you okay, babe?” He put a hand on her shoulder. “You hurt?”
She swatted his hand away. “Don’t call me ‘babe’! I could use some Motrin, but I needed that the second you showed up. You look like crap, by the way.”
“Thanks for the concern, but I’m fine. I just can’t figure out how we got here and managed to miss a few hours. How’s it daylight already?”
“I have absolutely no idea.”
His eyes darted about nervously. “Well, in any case, let’s get the heck out of here.”
“Yeah, okay. Let me see if I can get a hold of my team first.” She grabbed her radio from her belt and talked into the mouthpiece. “Sarah to base camp.”
The device crackled, but then…nothing.
Sarah shot Frank an inquiring look, then took a deep breath. She spoke louder this time into the mouthpiece, “This is Sarah. If anybody’s around, please respond.”
More static was her only reply.
“Maybe they’re out of range,” Frank speculated.
Letting out a sigh, she attached the radio to her belt. “Probably. Let’s start heading back, and my team better have one heck of an excuse for deserting us like that.”
Frank started walking, crunching dry leaves under his feet. “I’m sure they do. How about some bacon and eggs? My treat.” He smiled over his shoulder.
“Today is your lucky day, mister, ‘cause I’m ready to eat a dozen eggs and an entire pig.” She cocked an eyebrow. “Where’s the closest diner?”
“Hmm. Not sure, but it’s probably a three-hour walk back to our cars. We better make that lunch.”
Startled, Sarah jumped as a shrill cry echoed nearby.
“Tell me that was some kind of bird.” Frank’s gaze settled on her, his eyes wide.
“I could, but I’d be lying. No bird I’ve ever met has made that kind of sound.” She laughed at his expression. “Come on. Please tell me your backyard’s not the only square of nature you’ve ever visited besides this one, city boy.”
Frank opened his mouth to reply when a growl cut through the silence. “You sure that’s not a bird? Some kind of eagle or vulture or something?”
She shook her head as a shiver ran down her spine. “When’s the last time you heard a bird howl like that?” The cry sounded like the Bigfoot calls she’d captured on audio six months earlier. She could have kept quiet about that so as not to worry her ill-equipped Tarzan companion, but she knew there’d be no fun in that. “Nothing like seeing your research up close and personal. On the bright side, it’ll be worth watching you crap your pants.”
A twig snapped in the trees, and Frank instinctively reached for her hand like a lost little boy wanting his mother. “We need to find cover. A bear stalking us isn’t good.”
She scanned the trees and vegetation as she whispered, “How many times do I have to tell you it’s not a bear, Frank?”
“How can you know that?” He shook his head. “Never mind. Let’s just get outta here.”
“No.” She planted her feet into the ground, just in case he decided to drag her away. “You can go wherever you want, but I’m staying right here. I’m not out here for some nature hike. I want proof, and I’m going to get it.”
He glared at her. “Can’t you forget about your research for one minute? I’d prefer to live.”
No way, she thought. I’ve waited years for this moment, this one confrontation, this proof that I’m not crazy. If only my team was here to back me up, but I need to do this with or without them—for me. “I have to see this for myself.”
A dark, hairy outline rustled in the tall bushes.
Chills rushed over Sarah. “Whoa! That thing is less than 200 feet away. You still have the tranquilizer gun?”
Frank pulled it from the back of his hip and cocked it. “Yep, right here, but if we get arrested by Ranger Smith for giving Yogi a death sentence, don’t be surprised when I say I told you so.”
“I’m not gonna kill anything. Maybe you should Google ‘tranquilizer’ sometime, Mr. Investigator.”
Suddenly, an ape-like creature emerged from the foliage. It stood eight feet tall and was covered from head to toe with long brown hair, matted in places. Its powerful build, broad shoulders, and thick chest cast a shadow on the grass, making Sarah shudder. For years, she’d studied the elusive monster, and finally, she was getting her first real encounter since that fateful day when she’d lost her sister.
“No! It just…it can’t be,” Frank whispered. “No way! Should I admit myself into the psyche ward now or later?”
“It exists! I knew it all along,” she said. “One picture, that’s all I need.” With shaking hands, she brought the camera into focus.
The creature simply stared at her.
She zoomed in on its face, still wondering if her eyes were playing tricks on her. It looked like an ape with a flat, wide nose, deep-set green eyes, and a full set of lips. The lips and chin protruded into somewhat of a snout, but nothing like a bear. She snapped the photo, knowing the proof on that film would change the way the world looked at Bigfoot—and at her. I’ll never be a laughingstock again. Zooming out, she took another photo.
“You got your picture. Now let’s go!”
“Frank! Calm down. Don’t make any sudden movements, or it might—” Sarah tried to warn, but the creature had already become uneasy.
Taking slow, measured steps, the primate moved in their direction.
“Crap!” Frank aimed the tranquilizer gun and fired, striking his target.
The creature jumped back and let out a long, pained howl, then lurched forward.
Sarah gasped as Frank tugged her hand. “Move it!”
Without waiting for him, she sprinted, her heart thumping like a jackhammer. If Frank knows what’s best for him, he’ll follow me. As they darted between trees and splashed through a tiny stream, the air behind them filled with blood-chilling howls. She glanced over her shoulder and screamed when she realized they were being pursued by not one beast, but multiple hairy figures gathering in the distance, darting behind them.
Suddenly, Sarah’s hiking boot caught on a fallen log, and she tripped and fell with a solid thud on the forest floor. Crawling through the ferns, she peeked out. She didn’t see Frank anywhere. “Frank! Frank?” she whispered. “Where are you?”
She yanked off her camera and threw it next to her, then lay flat on the ground as the howls grew closer. Loud neighs and the sound of hooves echoed in the air, growing louder by the second. She took a deep breath and peeked through the ferns.
The ground thundered as scores of men on horses galloped toward her. Whew, rescue! Wherever they’d gotten the horses from, she only hoped they were fast enough to rescue Frank, outrun those things, and get her the heck out of the Bigfoot-infested forest. The curious, scientific part of her yearned to stay there and discover more, but without the assistance and backup of her team, she knew it just wasn’t safe. We’ll just regroup and come back tomorrow, she reasoned. Besides, I’ve already got two good shots of a Sasquatch. There’s no way Frank can debunk this one, especially since he’s an eyewitness himself. Where the heck is he anyway?
“Princess, I command you to come out,” a man’s voice said in a most demanding and condescending tone. Not only was he dressed strangely, but he had the pronunciation skills of a bad B movie actor trying to act in a Broadway play.
Princess? A nickname of some sort? They must have me mistaken for somebody else.
“We know you’re here. We heard you scream,” called out the same man. “I’m not going to hurt you. I am here to save your life. There were six of them closing in on you. If you don’t cooperate with us and we leave, you’re as good as dead, and I guarantee you’ll never find your way out of these dreaded woods on your own.”
Right, she thought. I found my way in here, and I can find my way out. Do they take me for some kind of idiot? Still, she knew hiking back to her vehicle by herself, unarmed, might not be so smart with those huge creatures running around. She raised her head a notch and noticed a pair of dirty black leather boots with very unfashionable black bottoms; no member of her team would be caught dead in such an atrocious ensemble. The man, whoever he was, stood less than twenty feet away. She needed to call for help immediately. Something might’ve happened to Frank, and she thought maybe the poorly dressed cavalry could help her.
“Those beasts will tear you limb from limb the second we depart,” continued the man. “You know how territorial the Guardians are, and you know they have the power to destroy our kind. One bite from those ferocious teeth, and that will be it for you.” He paused and then continued. “It was quite the shock to see your brother alive and breathing. Your family did a fantastic job of staging his death. If you want me to keep his secret, then it’s best you come out now. We both know what will happen to him if I were to speak the truth.”
What was he talking about? Sarah rose from her hiding place and gazed up at the man on the dressed horse. His appearance was odd, nothing like any park ranger she’d ever seen. From his royal-blue tunic top, to the emblem of a crowned lion in the center, to his chainmail sleeves, he looked as if he’d been zapped right out of medieval Europe, or maybe that she’d accidentally stepped through some magical wardrobe. Black satin knickers with boots up to his knees? she wondered. This guy is in need of some serious fashion intervention. She scanned the rest of the group, and it came to her attention that they actually did look like knights in shining armor. For a moment, she wondered if she’d ventured onto a film set, albeit a poorly funded film, considering the D-list acting and the awful costuming. Maybe there’s some kind of Renaissance Fair nearby.
“You must come with us, Princess,” the man said. “There is no escape!”
No escape? She decided it might be a safer option to sneak back into the vegetation instead of running off with the crazy eighteenth-century cast party. Just as she was considering it, a twig snapped under her feet. The horse neighed, and the man jerked his head in Sarah’s direction. Crap! There goes that plan.
She met his gaze and realized he had the bluest eyes and whitest smile she’d ever seen. His black hair was wavy and long, but it was worn in a masculine style. In spite of his ridiculous clothing, she’d be happy to be rescued by him anytime. Hmm. I wonder what he’s doing after work.
“That’s it, Princess. So glad you’ve decided to come out of hiding, as it’s nice to officially meet you. Now where’s your brother?” he demanded.
Princess? Brother? The handsome man had it wrong. “You must be mistaking me for somebody else. I don’t have a brother. Listen, I don’t know what that script of yours says, but we have to call 911! I lost my friend. We were being chased by these hairy creatures, and we somehow got separated.”
“Who do you think scared them off, Your Highness?” a knight with long red hair asked.
Your Highness? Would it kill one of them to slip out of character for a second and tell me what the heck’s really going on? “So you saw them?”
“Of course.”
Witnesses galore! The press is gonna have a field day with this. Nobody is ever gonna call me an idiot again, she thought. Especially Frank. Speaking of him… “Later, I’m going to have to get a statement from every one of you, but in the meantime, could you please make that phone call? Really, this is serious. Get rescue out here right now! My friend could be hurt.”
“Flushing you out was easier than I expected,” the leader said.
“Well, you woulda been hiding, too, if those things were after you. Long story short, I was hunting…er, uh, not real hunting like shooting a buck or anything. I’m a researcher for The Bigfoot Field Researchers Organization, the BFRO. Ever heard of us?” she asked, feeling like a fool for mentioning it to the gorgeous guy in front of her. She was rather sure there was no hope of getting his phone number, if there ever was in the first place, because guys usually ran the other direction when they heard what she did for a living.
A knight looked at the leader, cocking his brow. “Victor, we need to make haste. She must consult with the healer.”
Yep, that’s it. Either I’m nuts or they are. Victor, huh? Hmm. In Latin, that means “conqueror”. Sexy. “Listen, I don’t need a doctor—just a little help finding my friend.”
Victor swung lithely from his horse onto the ground.
She gasped at his towering height and muscular build. Talk about tall, dark, and handsome! Who’d of thought I’d meet this medieval hottie in the middle of some forest on a Bigfoot hunt? She scanned the stranger and then the horsemen standing behind him. “Any of you got a cell?”
They mumbled amongst themselves, shaking their heads.
Their character acting was beginning to get on her nerves. “Fine, but can one of you give me a ride back to my Jeep? I can call for help there. I think we’re parked about six miles north, near the main road.”
“A cell? A Jeep? What are these strange things she speaks of?” a confused knight asked. “She is delusional, milord. She must be taken to the healer for her head wounds.”
“Delusional or bewitched,” said a knight with a white mustache and matching white hair tied into a ponytail.
“Yes! She is spewing out these lies to mislead us!” called out another.
“Lies? I’m not lying,” Sarah said. “I know it’s a long way back to my vehicle and a big favor to ask, but we’ll get there in no time on one of your horses. Look, I’ll even pay you to make up for your time off the set, but if you’re not going to help me, then please at least get your men to start searching the area. We can cover more ground if we split up into groups and look for Frank. You three can go over that way, and I will go with Victor here to—”
A dangerous glint flickered in Victor’s eyes. “How dare you command us, princess or not?”
She hesitated, taken aback by his rudeness. He looked like Prince Charming, but he sounded more like that caveman from those old dinosaur movies. “Listen, mister. I love movies and all, and if you save me some tickets, I’ll be sure to come watch this little performance of yours.” She tipped her hat. “I promise I’ll even wear something nicer for your big opening weekend and all, but right now, we need to get moving. A man’s life is at stake.”
“Bark out another order like that, miss, and you’ll feel the sting of a whip on your back,” Victor said.
Sarah cringed. Testy, ain’t he? Pssh! Forget the phone number and the show then, buddy. How about some anger management classes? Or… A new thought popped in her head, and she glanced around. “A-ha! I got it! I know what you’re up to. Where’s the hidden cameras? You almost had me fooled. Frank’s in on this little Candid Camera act, isn’t he? Ooh, I’m gonna kill him. Where have you got him stashed away?”
“You should’ve thought twice before you stepped onto enemy territory,” he said.
“You’re good,” Sarah said, pointing at him. “Stepping on enemy territory is a nice touch. Did your producers put you up to this?”
Victor’s face hardened into grim lines. “You’re now a prisoner of war, Princess Gloria.”
She stared at his stern face and stiffened. “Look…this medieval game you’re playing is kind of cool and all. Love the costumes and the attitude, but I really need a phone. If you’re not playing some kind of joke, then this really is an emergency.”
Victor’s menacing gaze ran over her inch by inch. Stepping closer, he traced a finger down the side of her cheek.
She shoved him back. “Don’t you touch me!”
“How dare you?” he roared. “Are you not aware of who I am?”
Of course she had no idea, nor did she really care. “No. Who are you?” The situation was getting out of control. The hot guy was clearly a nutcase, and she’d come to realize that Ashton Kutcher wasn’t going to be jumping out of the bushes anytime soon, announcing that she’d been punk’d by Frank. It was time to run and let them get back to their jousting, or whatever it was they did to earn their pay from the Renaissance Fair payroll office. Especially when she saw one of the knights scanning her up and down, lingering a little too long on the skin exposed where the two upper buttons had been ripped from her shirt by a rather intrusive thorny vine. Why the heck did I let Frank have our only weapon? She scolded herself. What if these medieval jerks decide to take advantage of me out here? The thought alone sent shivers through her body. If I scream out here, who’ll even hear me? She was suddenly sickeningly reminded of every horror film she’d ever seen where stupid teenage girls wandered off alone in the wilderness, and she was none too happy to be that stupid girl. As the knights fanned out and surrounded her, her heart raced.
“Stubborn woman! You know who I am,” Victor said. “Your brother might’ve gotten away, but I’m afraid you are in our possession, whether you like it or not. It is my duty to make you pay for warning Charles and his knights about my trap.”
Mistaken identity was putting it lightly. “I don’t even have a brother,” Sarah said, “and I’m no rat.”
“More lies!” he hissed, his blue eyes blazing. “Did you really think I would fail to find you just because they dressed you up like a man in clothes that blend with the trees? Foolish, foolish girl.”
She huffed. In her line of work, she’d been called plenty of names, but she’d never been mistaken for a male. “A man? Why, because I’m wearing camouflage pants? I’m hunting a creature, not going to the opera. What’d you expect, some strapless mini-dress and stilettos?”
“Milord, with all due respect, the disguise is a rather ingenious idea, perhaps one we should replicate in the future,” the blond guy behind the knight said. “Had the princess not surrendered, we would not have seen her.”
“Surrender? Listen, you’re making a big mistake.” She suddenly remembered she’d left her pepper spray behind, and she regretted that. “I’m not a princess. I don’t know what freaky game you’re playing, but my friend’s going to call the police. And trust me when I say he has lots of connections with the FBI. They’ll be swarming the place any minute!”
Victor smiled. “Is that what you call your knights? I’m afraid we dispatched this FBI hours ago, Highness. That was how we knew they abandoned you somewhere in this forest.” He knocked the fedora off her head and hastily jerked her bunned hair to a disheveled mess. Tousles of long brown hair tumbled down the middle of her back.
“I told you not to touch me!” she yelled, drawing her hand up to slap him.
He caught her wrist. “Do not ever threaten to attack me, Princess, and you must cease with giving orders to those who have you in custody.” A fiery blue flame burned behind his eyes.
Loosening his grip, she yanked her hand away. She realized that smacking him wasn’t going to help her one tiny bit; all things considered, running sounded like a much better option. She glanced around for the best escape route, but it was no use, for she was completely surrounded. Her mind raced, terrified to think about what they might try to do to her.
Victor tugged at her holster and pulled out her radio to examine it. “What kind of magic device is this?”
“Idiot,” Sarah whispered under her breath, rolling her eyes. “It’s a radio. I know it’s not the newest Sony type, all slick and thin and whatnot, but give me a break. Pretending you don’t know what it is, is just…lame.”
Victor raised an eyebrow. “A radio, you say? Is that a weapon of some sort?”
“No. It’s for communication.” Boy, was she getting tired of this role-playing. “You know, you talk into it, and someone else’s voice comes out.”
“Witchery,” mumbled one of the knights.
Victor held up his hand to hush the murmurs of his men and then gestured for one of his men to take it. “Take this back with us.”
A tall, muscular knight walked over to her, dangling her 35mm camera. “And what is this?” He snapped the button, and a flash of light made the knights erupt in a choir of gasps and shocked whispers.
“A weapon to blind her opponent!” one knight asked, blinking as if hundreds of white spots filled his vision, like something he’d never experienced before. “Tis surely evil magic, sir!”
Sarah sighed and pointed to the digital view screen. “Magic? Seriously? Look. There are your fine knights in all their glory. I think I’ll call this shot, Deer in the Headlights.”
The man gasped. “She paints a picture of us in the blink of an eye, yet she has no paint or brushes! Surely she is of an evil ilk, milord!”
“Oh please. Give me back my camera,” Sarah hissed.
Victor’s gaze narrowed. “You are brave, captured yet still forcing demands upon those who would have you in chains.”
“Fine. You can have the dang thing. But that film belongs to me!” After all she’d been through, there was no way she was going to let her evidence go, medieval army or not.
“Film? What is this you speak of?” a knight asked. He looked at Victor, who only shook his head and shrugged.
Victor ran his hands down her pant leg; she bit her lip to keep herself from kicking him hard, knowing any kind of physical assault would only make things worse. It was one girl against a platoon of nuts, and the odds didn’t look good. She was just glad he hadn’t held a knife or a sword to her throat…yet.
“What other weapons are you hiding in your man-clothes?” Searching her pocket, the man pulled out the thermal camera and dangled it. “Your knights left you with weapons we’ve never seen. Too bad you didn’t put them to good use, Princess Gloria.”
“Yeah, you wouldn’t believe how dangerous a radio and a thermal camera are. And stop calling me ‘Princess Gloria’! My name’s Sarah.” She shook her head and raised her hands in mock defense. “Tell you what. Just keep them both. I’ve no idea what game you’re playing, and I really don’t care either. All I want is to go home—with my film.” Her heart pounded, and her palms dampened. She took a few long steps backward. “But if you won’t give me the film, I still want to get out of here. So, I wish you gentlemen all the best, and I’ll just be on my merry way now, if you don’t mind.”
“I would advise you to halt,” a knight said behind her.
Crap. Her breath caught in her throat, and the same thought played in her mind. What are these guys planning to do with me—or to me?
Victor turned to his knights. “You captured her this morning, here, in the Forest of the Guardians. Is this the same woman who escaped from you?”
“Yes, milord,” a knight said, looking slightly embarrassed. “Without a doubt, this is the same one who escaped us.”
The others nodded in agreement, some looking at the ground in shame.
A case of mistaken identity was the last thing she needed. “They’re wrong! I can assure you they’ve never seen me before.” She laughed. “How could they? I wasn’t even here.”
Victor scoffed. “Are you suggesting that my knights are liars, Princess?”
“No, but maybe this healer of yours should get them all some bifocals. I’m a researcher leading a major expedition. I study these creatures, uh, these Guardians, as you call them, that are running around this forest. I have been trying to prove their existence for a long time, and—”
“Prove their existence? You know full well they exist! That is exactly why you entered this forbidden place. You thought we wouldn’t follow you in, but I’d risk my life to get my hands on you. After all, you are all the leverage we need to make your stubborn father see the light.” Victor climbed up on his horse and stared down at her, casting periwinkle daggers through her. “Would you like to ride with me or one of them?” He pointed to his men. “I must warn you that my men are not as capable of keeping their hands to themselves. Has been many weeks since they have seen someone the likes of you, and men can get very lonely.”
The men exchanged glances and guffawed.
Sarah glared at them, wanting to be sick. “Well, it’s a good thing I’m wearing a chastity belt. Never leave home without it,” she said.
“I’m not here to defile you.”
She hoped he wasn’t messing with her. “That’s great to hear.”
“You shall come with me. I give you my word that your virginity, your chastity, will remain intact, milady. I cannot make the same guarantee for your life, however, for that shall depend on your father’s cooperation.”
Sarah’s heart quivered, and goose-bumps traveled to the surface of her skin. “I’m not going anywhere with any of you. You’ll have to kill me first.” She swallowed hard, wondering if she’d made a mistake of offering him that option right then and there. It might not have been her brightest idea. Shifting her legs to ease the stiffness only set off her internal alarms, and with some burst of ridiculously unfounded courage, she lurched toward the forest.
A knight locked his arms around her waist and left her feet kicking above the ground. “I believe we have a wild one here, milord,” he mumbled as he handed her up to her captor.
“I heard she was quite the feisty one,” Victor said.
“Let me go!” Sarah said.
“Listen. If you cooperate, I will keep your secret.”
“What secret?”
“That your brother is alive and well. I know you’ve never met me before, but I used to know your mother. And because of that, I will keep your secret.”
Sarah flailed, trying to escape, but Victor pulled her into his strong embrace and wrapped one arm around her waist as he turned his horse. He hauled her off as if she was merely a possession, some spoil of war, in spite of her futile attempts to squirm out of his embrace. “Calm down, Princess,” he said. “You will come with me now, and if your father values your life as a father should, he shall graciously withdraw his forces from the Tastian border. If he does not, he is a fool and will be a father no longer.”
“Frank!” Sarah yelled. “Frank, if you can hear me, call the police! I’m being kidnapped by a bunch of lunatics. I know that’s what you think I am, but I’ve found somebody even crazier than me.”
“Nobody’s going to save you now.” His long dark hair tickled her cheek as he bent to whisper in her ear. “If you know what’s good for you, you will listen and obey. This is not a game, Princess. Do you understand?”
“Milord, we must be going,” said a man with a black beard. “It is not safe out here among the Guardians.”
She nodded. “It’s not a game for you either. First-degree kidnapping is a Class A-1 felony. You’ll be thrown in a hole for twenty years, and I’m sure Bubba will love this little costume of yours!” she shouted. “You let me go right now, or you’ll be the one somebody calls ‘Princess’!”
“Enough of this nonsense.” Victor’s voice turned sharp.
Nonsense? You got that right, buddy. She wondered at what point she’d fallen head-first into the Twilight Zone. “Who are you anyway?”
“Don’t play the fool. You know exactly who I am.”
“Well, I’m afraid my memory’s a little fuzzy on that.” She scratched her temple. “I think I hit my head and blacked out.” It wasn’t a lie, and she wondered for a minute if she was dreaming up the whole thing. She could think of nothing better than waking up in her bed to the aroma of a piping hot cup of coffee—or those bacon and eggs Frank had promised before he took off to God-knew-where.
“Perhaps that explains all the strange babbling,” Victor said, pulling on the reins. “But no matter. We shall take you to the healer for a look. Now, tell me, is ‘911’ some secret code, a way to beckon your armies against us?”
“Something like that,” she said, sighing again. “Anyway, please refresh my memory. Who are you?”
Victor straightened in his saddle and raised his chin a notch, the slightest glint of a smile playing in his blue eyes. “I’m King Victor Fesque II. Your father, King William Jarod, is currently my chief adversary. And now, thanks to you, I have all the leverage I need.”
Sarah was sure no one was going to believe any of it. She already got enough guff for chasing eight-foot humanoids around the woods. There was no way anyone was going to find out about this little fairytale, or she’d be labeled a crackpot for life. “Please, I’m begging you to trust me. If you let me go now, I won’t say a word to anyone—not even a peep. My reputation is at stake, and that means a lot to me as a scientist.”
“Scientist?”
“Listen, uh, Your Highness, you’re making a huge mistake. You have absolutely no leverage with me, because I’m not this person you think I am! My name’s Sarah Larker. This King Gerald or whoever you’re talking about won’t even know me.”
“In spite of your lies and your demands, Highness, it is a pleasure to finally meet you in person, Princess Gloria Jarod.”



Chapter 3

Sarah jumped when something resembling a cockroach—only much bigger and grosser—scurried over her foot. Water dripped onto the dirt floor from the craggy ceiling in an annoying and never-ending rhythm. Dark, rusty, ominous chains hung from the wall; she was glad the knights had spared her from being bound by them. A pile of bloodied, filthy rags were clumped together in the corner. She cringed, wondering if they used to be someone’s clothes. A putrid stench hung thickly in the air, but even that paled in comparison to the layers of muck covering the walls. In the opposite corner, were piles of excrement. She had to get out of this place, preferably before her next trip to the bathroom.
A breeze whipped around her shoulders. As she shivered, her skin rippled into another fit of goose-bumps. Sarah would have killed for her leather coat, but it was locked in the trunk of her Jeep, along with all the other stuff that would have been useful, like her Swiss army knife and jack. She sighed and rubbed her arms with her palms, hoping the friction would infuse some warmth into her flesh. In the dim light, a giant cobweb dangled in one corner. Haven’t these people ever heard of dusting, deodorizer, or bug spray? Who in the world uses a dungeon anymore? She’d never even had a traffic ticket before, but now she was thrown into some ancient hell hole. She leaned against the stone wall and jumped when the cool, wet slime soaked through her shirt. An escape wouldn’t be happening anytime soon. Wherever she was, she doubted even Google Maps could find her. She wiped her hands across her pants and shouted, “Listen, you medieval nutcases, you’re all going to fry in the electric chair. I’ll personally invent the thing myself. The least you could do is to leave me a can of Raid.”
The pocked steel of the bars chilled her already cold hands as she wrapped her grimy fingers around the bars. How did a Bigfoot expedition with thirty researchers turn into a kidnapping? I’ve been thrown down here by some kind of King Arthur wannabe! It’s not possible…is it? She had no idea, but she was sure it all had something to do with Sabrino Cave, the same place her older sister had disappeared from ten years earlier while on a camping trip.
Sarah and her sister had decided to go on a hike that morning. Liz had entered the cave first. Since she was a whole year older, she thought she’d take responsibility if things went wrong. As Sarah began to follow, a towering, fur-covered figure jumped out and grabbed for her.
Sarah shook her head, sucking in a deep breath as the scene played out, those yellow eyes seared forever in her mind. She couldn’t help but wrinkle her nose at the memory of the skunk-like stench emanating from its matted brown fur. The thing chased her into the woods, but she somehow made it back to her parents. Her sister was not so lucky and had not been seen since. Nobody believed Sarah’s story, but since that fateful day on, Sarah had made it her mission to find her sister and prove to the world that what she saw that day was real.
She rubbed her temples. Is that cave some kind of mysterious portal? Her heart raced, and she couldn’t stop the flood of hope that ran through her veins, even though the whole thing sounded absurd. The thought that her sister might still be alive spurred her on, and she wished she could find a few sticks of dynamite to bust herself out of that joint.
Suddenly, a door squeaked far off to the left, followed by the sound of footsteps echoing through the corridor.
Craning her neck to catch a glimpse, she squinted through the shadows flickering from the torches hanging on the wall. A figure approached, its face obscured by the partial darkness. A guard? No…something more sinister. My captor. King Victor’s blue eyes met hers, and her breath caught in her throat. He wore the same Knights of the Round Table garb as before, with two differences: a red velvet cape trimmed with black and white fur hung close to the ground, and he topped off the ensemble with a gold crown adorned with jewels. The facets of the gems reflected the light of the torches. Showing off, is he? Sarah could have sworn he’d been out costume shopping on eBay.
“Where the heck are we?” she hissed, glaring at him.
He flashed her a charming smile. “Still playing the fool, Highness? We’re in Tastia, as I am sure you already know.”
“Tastia? What map would I find that on?” She snorted as she squeezed her fingers around the rusted bars.
He picked at his perfectly manicured nails. “Acting stupid is not becoming, milady.”
“Stupid? I’m not the one walking around in that ridiculous Halloween costume at this time of the year,” she seethed. Finally, she managed a calming breath, “I’m not in California anymore, am I?”
“California? I know not of such a place, and your stories will get you nowhere, Princess Gloria. No one has ever heard of this place you speak of.”
Sarah was suddenly painfully aware of how real her situation was. There was no way even dedicated actors would risk kidnapping charges to stay in character. By the look on the king’s face earlier, he really didn’t know what a radio or image thermal camera was. It was no wonder he thought she was crazy when she’d mentioned a cell phone and 911. Everything was adding up, and she didn’t like what it was adding up to. She took a step back, clutching her chest as the realization hit: Yeah, we definitely had to have entered through some portal, probably in that stupid cave! The same one the Bigfoot creatures—the Guardians—use to come through into our world, our time! It was a small wonder to her that no shred of evidence had ever been found. As she realized what was happening, she thought she might barf on the king’s fancy leather boots.
“Why is your brother alive? We thought he died years ago.” When Sarah didn’t answer, he let out a long sigh. “I will keep your secret…for now.”
“I have no clue what you’re talking about.”
“Your family staged his death. I’m wondering why.”
“I don’t know. This is something you should ask the real princess.”
King Victor cocked his head. “Surely you thought twice before crossing the Tastian border.”
She glared at him, saying nothing.
He continued, “We’ve been at war for ages, Highness. Why would you risk your life to come here?”
“I followed Bigfoot…er, one of the Guardians into the cave. How could I’ve known it’d take me here?” She jumped at the sound of squeaking as two humongous rats fought over a crust of moldy bread.
King Victor shook his head as though he didn’t have a clue what she meant. “Just admit the truth. You came to warn your brother about the trap I set. Was it worth it? Charles is back home in the comfort of his warm castle, and here you are in a cold, musty dungeon facing a rather questionable fate.” He stepped back and extended his hands in an all-encompassing gesture. “I take it everything is up to your standards.” He touched her hand that was wrapped around the bar in a death-grip.
“Oh yeah, sure. All the comforts of a five-star hotel.” She pulled her hand back as she fought against the instant attraction she felt. He might have been the hottest thing she’d ever lain eyes on, but he was the enemy—and he was a sarcastic jerk too. “You think it’s funny to kidnap me and then throw me in a dungeon?”
He curled his lips into a smile. “Why, milady, you should be thanking me. I could’ve put you in with the general population, but I feared you may not fare so well among those miscreants. The screams are just horrendous.”
“Well, in that case, I appreciate the VIP accommodations.” She rolled her eyes. “The rats and cockroaches are a nice touch,” she seethed. Regardless of what he thought, that stone coffin was not her idea of a comfy stay.
“I’ve received word from your father.” King Victor locked his hands behind his back and rocked back on his heels. He cocked a brow, waiting for her reaction as though that news should mean something to her.
“Really? Well, how is dear old Dad? I’m trying to picture his face in my head. Funny, I can’t. Maybe that’s because I’ve never even met the dude!”
“I would think you might be curious to know what he said, as your fate relies on his cooperation.”
“Let me think about that. Hmm. Not really.” A shiver slid down Sarah’s spine. She looked away quickly lest he notice her sudden realization. Whoever this Princess Gloria was, she hoped her father loved her deeply. Sarah’s life depended on it.
He turned to the guard who had just approached. “Guard, open this door!”
The guard snapped to attention. “Yes, milord.”
“That’s not necessary, Vic,” Sarah said, taking a few steps back as the metallic clank of the lock echoed. “I can hear through the bars just fine.” She blinked, hoping the message had reached him loud and clear. The truth was, he’d clamped his arm around her waist a little too close for comfort on the ride to that horrible place, and he’d threatened her life more than once.
The heavy door opened, and King Victor reached her in two strides. His gaze connected with hers as his blue eyes narrowed dangerously. “Your father refused to meet my demands. I’m afraid there’s only one thing left to do to show him how dire this situation truly is.”
Whatever it was, it didn’t sound good. Sarah sucked in a quick breath, her heart hammering. Why didn’t I just stay hidden in the trees? She thought perhaps she could do some fast-talking and flip the coin in her favor. They always say the truth will set you free, she reasoned. “Look, like I told you, I’m not Gloria. My name’s Sarah.” She could tell by the look in his eyes that he didn’t believe a single word passing from her lips.
He leaned in closer, his warm breath caressing her cheek as he said, “Princess, I’m sorry, but I’m left with no other choice.”
Her heart sank. It wasn’t rocket science. He planned on killing her to get revenge on his rival. He’d said so himself. She tried to control the quiver in her voice. “Of course you have other choices. If you’re the king, you get to make the rules—or aren’t you that powerful?”
“Your father must pay for his sins and transgressions, and he will one way or another—soon and very soon.” He stroked a stray hair from her eyes, but she averted her gaze. His hot breath hit her cheek as he continued, “I think I’ll extend an invitation to him. There will be some tears shed. That we can count on.”
“You’re all crazy and in dire need of meds.”
King Victor whispered in her ear. “Don’t act so sad. You just might enjoy it.”
What kind of sick freak is this guy? Enjoy having my head cut off by some guy with a giant hatchet and a black hood? Some king this guy is. The only royal thing about him is that he’s a royal pain in the—
“I can’t wait to see your father’s face.” He smirked.
She pushed him back, her stomach fluttering from the thought of her own execution. Will it be quick or long and painful? “You’re nuts! How can you order the execution of an innocent woman? No wonder this Gloria’s father is after you.”
“Execution? Princess, I’m not going to kill you.”
“Said the spider to the fly.”
“Spider? Fly? Pardon me, but I do not understand what insects have to do with any of this.” Victor shook his head. “I have much more…pleasurable things planned.” He squeezed her tight against him.
Her breath caught in her throat as she realized the meaning of his words. He couldn’t possibly want… She pushed him hard. “Let me go!”
“Do you know what would make your father’s blood boil even more than seeing your pretty little head roll?”
She didn’t need to hear the words, as the grin on his face said it all. She squirmed in his grip, struggling to keep her wits and silence the screaming voice in her head. “Haven’t the slightest clue.”
“Me, his most hated enemy, taking his only daughter as my mate.”
Sarah gasped, even though it was exactly what she’d expected. “What?”
“Marriage or execution. Either one will break your father, and I’m leaning toward the former.”
“I think you’ve fallen off your horse and hit your head one time too many. This has to be the worst proposal of all time. But out of curiosity, when’s the big day? I need some time to gather up something borrowed and something blue.”
“When the sun sets.”
“Tonight? What happened to courtship? Chivalry? I don’t even know your bad habits, like if you leave the toilet seat up or…” She scanned the room, at a loss for words. “What if you snore like a chainsaw or have some psychological disorder that prevents you from refilling the ice cube tray?”
His eyebrows raised. “Toilet seat? Ice? Forgive me, but I believe you have fallen off your horse. Maybe we should take you to the healer after all.”
Throwing my own insults back at me. Wow. How creative. She regarded him intently, but his expression remained confused. “Maybe we should have you evaluated and put on some psych meds.”
“I was thinking of discussing wine selections later today.” King Victor tucked a piece of stray hair behind her ear again, and it felt just as ridiculous as before. “Or maybe floral arrangements. What do you think, my love?”
“I’m thinking if I ever get my hands on that Gloria chick, she’s dead meat.”
“Meat? If that is your desire, I shall send my cooks to the fowl cages. Yes! We shall enjoy a feast of roasted quail, turtle dove, partridge, and braised peacock. And, of course, the butcher can supply ample calves’ heads and fish if you so wish.”
“I’m going to throw up.” She swallowed the bile in her throat. “I want no part of your delusional world.”
“Surely your knights taught you how to maintain this unpalatable guise,” King Victor said. “I’m impressed—I really am—but you’ll eventually break. For the time being, enough of these games. Let us address the question that has longed to escape my lips. Will you, Princess Gloria, be my bride?”
She shoved him. “Ain’t happening. Back off, man.”
He grinned, revealing two strings of white teeth. “I can see you need some time to consider your decision. Perhaps spending a little time down here will make you see things in a different light.”
“You’re crazy!” she yelled, taking a step back and balling her fists as if she had any chance of fighting him.
In one swift move, he pinned her against the cold concrete wall, her arms outstretched, his hands wrapped tightly around her wrists. “I would advise you to hold your tongue,” he hissed in her ear. “I have put up with more than my fair share from you. Nobody talks to me that way—nobody—and if you cannot control that lashing snake of yours, I shall have it removed.”
Her heart pounded hard, and she took a deep breath. “Right back at ya, buddy! Nobody talks to me the way you do.”
He lowered his head, and his eyes narrowed. “You are disrespectful, obviously the spawn of your father.”
She had no idea who he was talking about, but she couldn’t resist the jab. “Guess I’m a chip off the old block.”
“Maybe this is the reason why he doesn’t want you back.”
Her temper flared even higher, for he’d hit a soft spot. How dare he poke around in my business like that? “My real father would never abandon me, you nutcase.”
“You might want to consider being cordial toward me. Do you have any understanding of the power I hold over you?” The dangerous undertone in his voice didn’t go unnoticed. “I control whether you’ll get one ounce of food or a drop of water, whether you’ll see the light of day or if you’ll live to see tomorrow.”
No man, royalty or not, had ever treated Sarah in such a way. She clenched her hands into fists, yet again, and pressed her back against the wall to put another inch of space between her and King Victor. “Yeah, I got it. Life and death rest in your hands.” Her gaze wandered to the open cell door the same moment when the king loosened his grip. She held her breath, sensing her chance to escape. Without another thought, she spun around and darted for freedom, but before she could take another breath, she felt his stern grip on her upper arm. “Let go of me!” she snarled.
King Victor swung her around to face him.
Her hands balled into fists, and she pounded his chest. “Get your hands off me, you brute!” she yelled, her voice echoing.
“Where do you think you’re going? I suggest you save your energy for our wedding night.” He pulled her close. “I can see I need to make an appointment with my blacksmith.”
Well, well, isn’t he funny, remembering my chastity belt comment? The jerk! “In your dreams.”
“I know you’re looking forward to it, but calm down, Princess. We have our entire lives to spend together.”
Sarah struggled in his arms as he chuckled. She could tell he was loving every minute of it. “This Gloria’s father wouldn’t meet your demands. He doesn’t even care if his daughter dies. Therefore, if you kill me, what’s it going to prove?”
“You’re right. It’s best we stick with option one. Your father might not care if you’re dead, but he will fume with rage knowing I have fathered his grandchildren, tainting his precious bloodline. Shall we have six, eight, or ten children, Princess? There shall be no revenge better than the pitter-patter of my sons’ feet flowing with your father’s blood.”
“If you use me like that—and remember I’m not who you think I am—your gene pool is going to need a ton of chlorine. I’m not any kind of royalty.”
“Chlorine?”
“Never mind.” She shook her head. “How many kids did you just say you want? What do I look like, some kind of breeding machine?”
“Let’s just hope they don’t inherit your smart mouth. I’ve let it slide until now, but once we have exchanged vows, you shall control your tongue—or I will control it for you.”
She cocked an eyebrow. “And what if I don’t? What if I say whatever I want, whether you want to hear it or not?”
“Trust me, you do not want to find out,” he said.
She glared at him, throwing daggers with her eyes. “What’re you going to do, lock me in a dungeon and throw away the key?”
“Let me know when I can call for the priest,” King Victor said. “We will need to inform him whether he will be performing a wedding ceremony or last rites. That, my love, is your choice.”
Sarah’s head shot back in defiance. “I’ll never marry you. It’ll never happen—not even if a million stars fell from the sky.”
“No?” He ran a finger down her cheekbone.
Her breath caught in her throat as she pushed him away. “No.” She put as much conviction into her voice as she could muster, but somehow, it barely made its way out of her throat.
“We’ll see about that,” King Victor said with a smirk. “Enjoy your stay. If you get too cold, just remember my bed’s nice and warm and waiting for you.” With one last glance over his shoulder, he slammed the cell door with his boot, trapping her in the confined space. 



Chapter 4

Sarah had plenty to think about in the drippy silence. Will he really kill me if I refuse to go through with the wedding? She shivered as a cool breeze blew across her face. How long does that idiot plan to keep me down here anyway? He’d only left minutes ago, but the distress of being alone with her thoughts crept up on her, putting her in an emotional chokehold. Where the heck is Frank anyway? I wonder if he made it out safely or if those Sasquatches attacked him. She hoped that since he had the tranquilizer gun on him, he’d managed to escape. If not, I’m afraid he’s seriously hurt or… She shook her head, eager to get rid of the images rolling before her eyes. Booted footsteps echoed down the corridor, jolting her back to reality. She held her breath and clenched her hands just in case she got the chance to attack and get the hell out of here.
A knight held up a large ring of metal dungeon keys and unlocked the door. After it creaked open, he took a step inside. Obviously tired of waiting, Mr. Whack Job had sent his messenger boy.
Can’t a girl have time to think about spending the rest of her life in some medieval nightmare? What, is Kingy Poo that desperate for an answer? She jumped to her feet and put her hands firmly on her hips. “Tell your idiot King my mind’s made up. The answer is a big fat no. I’m not going anywhere with him, now or ever.”
The knight’s voice came out muffled from behind his visor. “What? I slayed a dragon, swam a moat full of crocodiles, and this is all the thanks I get for coming here to rescue you?”
Sarah clasped a hand over her mouth as a spark of recognition hit her full force.
“Did I mention the getaway vehicle is parked right outside the gate?” The knight held up the tranquilizer gun. “And what kind of knight would I be without this?”
“Frank!” Relief flooded every fiber in her body.
He lifted his visor and smiled. “At your service, madam.”
She threw her arms around him, her heart racing. “I never thought I’d be so happy to see you, of all people. How the heck did you get in here?”
“You mean past the big, hairy gorillas out there?” He lifted a brow. “Meh, they were nothin’.”
“I’d usually be sick of your cockiness by now, but all things considered, I’m just glad you’re here.” She smiled as she took a step back, regarding his steel attire.
“Wow,” Frank said. “Maybe you should get kidnapped more often. See what happens when you let go of all that anger?”
“That’s a combination of gratitude and stress, not forgiveness. Don’t go getting excited.”
“Ouch.” He pretended to grab his heart.
“Anyway, get me out of here.” She peered at the open door, her eyes scanning the empty space to the left and right as her brain considered the best possible way out.
“Wait…it’s gonna be a minute. I’m with this rebel dude who hates the king. His name is Jules. We have to wait for him to signal that the coast is clear, and then I’ll escort you out as a prisoner. Armed knights are swarming the place.”
“I thought you took care of them.”
Frank shrugged. “I did…sort of.”
“Hmm. So what you really mean is that you sneaked in here.” Sarah threw her hands in the air. “Well, that’s fantastic. Let’s sneak back out then. You said the vehicle’s parked outside. How’s that possible?”
“Well, about that…” Frank laughed. “Technically, it snorts, but at least it doesn’t create a smog problem. I’m your knight in shining armor, right? It would only be proper that I ride you off into the sunset on a white steed.”
“A knight on a white horse?” Gosh, could this day get any weirder?
Frank winced. “Well, technically, the horse isn’t white, but you get the idea.”
“This isn’t some romance novel or fairytale, so can you just drop me off at the nearest bus station?”
“Well, well, aren’t you quite the little comedian? Do you know how much work I put into this rescue mission?”
“Yes, Frank, and thank you. How’d you know where I was?” Shaking her head, she waved her hand. “Never mind. This isn’t the time. Let’s just say I appreciate it.” She eyed him up and down, knocking on his decorative etched breastplate. “You look like a walking tank, or maybe some kind of ancient Terminator.”
“Careful now. This is just a loaner from a friend I just met.”
“And he trusted you? I mean, you did crash my car into a pole a few months ago.”
Frank peered out the door. She caught the nervous flick of his tongue as he licked his upper lip. It was a telltale sign, even when he didn’t want to show his nerves. “If I remember correctly, you couldn’t drive because you were tipsy from too much champagne. You locked lips with me while—”
“No, I don’t remember it that way at all,” she lied. He’d looked so handsome in that tux that she couldn’t help it. “Anyway, you can rehash your misguided fantasies later. For now, what’s up with all of this? What the heck happened to us?”
“You tell me, ‘cause I never gave up on our whirlwind affair.”
She inhaled sharply. “I’m not talking about the relationship we so don’t have. I’m talking about this place. What is it? What happened? Where the heck are we?”
“Well, I wasn’t given a handbook, but I’ve been doing a lot of research. Uh, it seems we…uh…”
She smiled, knowing all too well that they’d entered some kind of portal, but she couldn’t pass on hearing Frank admit it. “I’m all ears.”
He averted his gaze as though the mere thought of what he was about to say embarrassed him. “Against all logical explanation and my better judgment, I must admit that we’ve somehow slipped into another dimension.”
“What?” she asked with her hands on her hips again. Those words could put a serious dent in your reputation, not to mention book sales. How can the greatest skeptic of all time admit to something so ridiculous?”
His face twitched, and he shuffled his feet, trying to avoid her gaze. “Trust me when I say it isn’t easy.”
“I’m not too floored. After all, I wrote a long article on how these beings use an intra-dimensional portal to gain access to our world. Don’t you remember asking me in front of hundreds of people at a conference if Chewy could use warp speed to get back to his world? And don’t forget all the cracks you made on my colleagues.”
Frank’s cheeks turned red. “Uh, the details of that are a little fuzzy, I’m afraid.”
She knocked on his metal chest. “You remember. Just admit it.”
“Sorry about that. When we get back, I’ll apologize to your team.”
“You’ll buy them dinner too. Flowers would be a nice touch, and chocolates with a nice card attached admitting that you’re an idiot.”
His jaw dropped. “Dinner, flowers, and candy? Are you kidding? There are thirty people on that team of yours.”
Sarah shrugged. “Sucks to be you then. Speaking of my team, where are they?” A shadow crossed his face, and her heart fell. “Did they come through the portal or are they back in California? If they came in after us, we should find them and make sure they’re okay.”
Frank smirked. “Yeah, I know you wish you could squeeze everyone to your bosom, but it’s kind of hard to do with a herd of Bigfoot on your butt.”
She pressed a palm to her chest, fighting the anxiety building up inside. What’s wrong with being a nurturer, of wanting to take care of people? She wished she’d done the same for her sister.
“We gotta go. We need to be in position for Jules’s whistle,” Frank said. “Ready to be my prisoner?”
“Yep. I feel like I was ripped out of my world and just thrown somewhere I don’t belong. I want to go home, and I have a funny feeling clicking my heels three times isn’t going to work.”
“Yeah, dirty boots can’t take the place of ruby red slippers, I’m afraid, even if I do look like the Tin Man in this thing,” he joked, thumping his metal chest.
“Well, you could use a heart.” She smiled, stepped in front of him, and placed her hands behind her back. “Anyway, you got here in the nick of time. That psychopath thinks I’m some princess and plans on making me his wife.”
He let go of her hands. “What?”
She spun around. “If you hadn’t come, I’d be a queen. He wants me to bear his dozen offspring.”
Frank looked away, but she didn’t miss the narrowed eyes and the frown forming between his brows as he mumbled, “I don’t believe this.”
“Don’t worry. It’s not gonna happen. I got caught in the middle of a hellish war between two kings. The one who threw me down here mistook me for Princess Gloria, the daughter of the other king. He wants to use me as a pawn for vengeance. The idiot could’ve checked my driver’s license. It’s nothing more than a big fat case of mistaken identity and being in the wrong place at the wrong time.”
“Well, come on. We can talk on the way,” Frank whispered, motioning her to step in front of him so she could play a proper prisoner. But halfway up the corridor, he stopped. “Wait…I have an idea.”
“I don’t know what’s running through that mind of yours, but this might be the first and last time I’ll ever be willing to ride off into the sunset with you, so let’s just go.”
He turned to face her, lifting his visor, and let out a long breath. “What you just said changes everything. You’ve got to go back.”
She stared at him for a brief moment, unable to speak. Why did I have to open my big mouth? The thought of being left in that place made her gut tighten. “No! No way. You can’t just leave me here. Why? That makes no sense.”
He pressed his hands on her shoulders, his voice softening. “You have to marry the king.”
“What the heck are you talking about?” she asked. “Do you even hear yourself? How much ale have you been chugging with the locals?” Anger bubbled up inside her. She balled her hands, emotion choking her. “Wow, Frank. Really, I know you’re the jealous type, but this?” She took a steadying breath. “You’re even trying to speed things up by dumping me here.”
Frank shook his head, his eyes serious. “You’re staying.”
“He’s a lunatic. He threw me up against the wall and threatened my life.” And then it dawned on her. “Wait…there’s something in it for you, isn’t it? Are they making you editor-in-chief of the Tastian Times or the Guardian Gazette or something?”
“No! What do you take me for? That’s ludicrous.”
She shoved his shoulder. “Then tell me why!” She started to walk off, but Frank refused to budge. “What kind of knight in shining armor are you? You tease me with rescue only to send me back to my cold cell that’s in desperate need of fumigation?”
“You know there’s a method to my madness. I’ve been talking with my sources. We need that wedding ring to get back home. So you go play nice with Mr. King. Act like that princess and bat those eyelashes a million miles a minute if you have to.”
She crossed her arms. “What about the romantic dinner date I promised you for going into the cave? It’s not going to be so nice when I bring along my new husband, His Royal Pain in the—”
“Yeah, that could be a deal-breaker.” He paused for a moment. “Leaving you in the arms of another suitor really sucks, but we don’t have any other choice. Is he at least hot?”
She glared. “Very.”
His jaw set. “He’ll never lay his filthy hands on you.”
She cocked an eyebrow. “Yet you want me to marry him.”
“I’ll get you out of here before he can consummate the marriage.”
“Let me get this straight, and excuse me if I’m a tad confused.” She took a deep breath. “You came here to rescue me, which you aren’t. Now you want me to marry King Victor, and you promise to make some triumphant return before Kingy McJerkwad has his way with me? Frank, I don’t get this at all. We should be running for the hills, but instead you’re doing a total 180 on me!”
“We aren’t going to get back to our dimension anytime soon. Those Guardians, those Bigfeet, can go in and out as they please, but it’s not that easy for us.”
Sarah tapped a finger against her lips. “Explains why we can’t find a specimen now, doesn’t it?”
“Seriously? Do you really want to debate Bigfoot at a time like this?” He shook his head. “Anyway, a person can walk through the portal, but once they’re in, that’s it. There’s no getting out, unless we have this special key.”
“Let me guess…the key’s impossible to get? We’re stuck here, just like my sister probably is? How do you even know all of this?”
“I’ve been digging all morning and have found some reliable sources. There’s a way to get back through, but we have to open the lock with an ancient wedding ring that only royalty wears.”
“We’ll just find a way to steal one, to borrow it temporarily so we can get the heck outta here.”
Frank shook his head, a shadow crossing his face. “It’s not that easy, Sarah. The owner of the ring has to wear it when activating the portal.”
“You want me to exchange I-do’s with this guy so I will be royalty, so I’ll be handed the royal ring? You’ve got to be kidding.”
“Once I found you, my original plan was for us to somehow kidnap a queen, a prince, or maybe a king just long enough to open the portal.”
“You were going to hold them hostage with the…” She looked him up and down. “With the tranquilizer gun I gave you? Brilliant, Frank. Just brilliant…and completely insane.”
“Funny. I got the same reaction from the people I’ve met here. They told me it would be a suicide mission. Fortunately, thanks to you, we can scratch that and move on to Plan B.”
“What’re you saying? You want me to be the queen in your crappy excuse of a plan? The only way that will happen is if I marry Mr. Lunatic King so he’ll place a wedding ring on my finger.”
He pointed at her finger. “The vows won’t mean anything, Sarah, except that you’ll be wearing the key to the portal.”
She massaged her temples to ease the sudden tension building inside her skull. “What if this doesn’t work? I’ll be stuck as Queen Guinevere, married to some medieval—and I do mean evil—whack-job for the rest of my life, taking care of his bratty little minions.”
“It will work. It has to, or else we’re both gonna be ditching our careers and putting in applications at the Round Table.”
“That might work for you, Frank, but I’m not having it.” She scoffed. “I can fight with a sword if I have to, even if they’ve never heard of Joan of Arc. Regardless, I’m going to get my hands on that ring-slash-key because I’ll do anything to get back home.”
“I’ll come up with an escape plan.” Frank pulled her close. “If I didn’t think you were up for the challenge, I’d never have asked you to do this, but I know how tough you are. If anybody can pull this off, Sarah, it’s you.”
It was a bold and daring plan, and she had to stay strong, focused, and determined so they could pull it off and get back home. She simply could not allow fear to creep in. “Fine. King Victor is a royal pain in the butt, but don’t worry. I can handle him.” She touched Frank’s arm, knowing full well she should’ve never made Frank go inside that cave. Now they were stuck in some crazy world trying to pull off a jewelry heist. “I’m sorry I dragged you into all of this.”
“Are you kidding? I couldn’t let you have all the fun.” He hesitated, his gaze connecting with hers. “At least not alone.”
She cleared her throat and inched closer, peeling her gaze away just to avoid the depth of those hazel eyes.
Frank shook his head as if in disbelief. “I still can’t believe this place exists. You really think your sister is here?”
“Yes. I believe she’s alive, somewhere in this medieval world. I can feel it.”
“I agree, now that I’ve seen it with my own eyes. Anyway, the first thing we need to do is get the ring,” Frank said. “If we don’t take this opportunity, we may never get home. We’ll be stuck here forever. Once we have the ring, we’ll go undercover and hunt for your sister.”
Hundreds of thoughts raced through Sarah’s mind, but she managed a nod. “That’s a beginning. In the meantime, Frank, do as much digging as you can. You’re a reporter, a million times sharper than Lois Lane, remember? And right now I need you to be my Superman.”
“I knew those words were going to come back and bite me.”
“While you’re out there, keep an eye and ear out for Liz, okay?” Sarah whispered. Her voice came hoarse, barely audible in her own ears. For a moment, she wasn’t sure he even heard her, but then he gave a sharp nod.
“I’ll see what I can find.”
A black beetle scurried over her foot. She squashed it, digging her boot into the dirty ground until dust whirled up. “I don’t want to risk getting stuck here forever, but there is no way I’m leaving without my sister—not after looking for her for so long.”
“Then you have to play along, or we’ll never get the chance to get our hands on that ring.”
“Princess Gloria seems to be in hiding, letting me take the fall. What if he figures out I’m not the real deal?”
Frank cupped her face. “You need to bring home the Oscar at all costs, babe.”
A shudder rocked her body. “We don’t have much time. The ceremony’s tonight. Boy, I can’t wait to see the comments I’m gonna get when I tweet and Facebook this crap.”
“You won’t really be married, Sarah. It’s not legal.”
“Whatever. He said sunset, though, so you have to hurry. Trust me, it’s the only thing he looks forward to. The guy’s dying to knock me up with triplets, quadruplets, quintuplets, and sextuplets.”
Frank smiled. “Wow. What a lucky man.”
“What, you want a try too?” She slapped his armor. “Focus, please. We need all the brain cells we can get.”
“I swear to you that I won’t let it get that far. Our plan is to get the ring, break out, find your sister, and then run like hell to Sabrino Cave—back to reality and that diner we were talking about.”
She shook her head. “It’s doable…I think.”
He nodded. “You can do this. You’re the strongest person I know. Who goes out in front of thousands of people and gives lectures about supposedly imaginary monsters without batting an eyelash? Who politely tells off all the reporters and debunkers? Who got the biggest research grant in the state of California?” He smiled. “You did, Bigfoot researcher, Sarah Larker.”
“Aw, shucks. I never knew you had so much confidence in me.” She smirked.
“You know it, Princess.” He softly kissed her hand. “I can’t believe this. I’m down here dressed like some Lancelot wannabe in a creepy dungeon in another dimension, trying to win you back. What kind of joke is fate playing on me anyway? Man, karma can do a number on a skeptic, huh?”
“Life’s funny that way, always throwing us some kind of curveball. I mean, when I woke up this morning, I never dreamt I’d be a medieval queen in the land of Camelot.”
A chirp sounded nearby. “That’s the signal.” Frank peeked down the corridor.
Footsteps echoed, and Sarah jumped. “Somebody’s coming.”
Frank’s lips softly brushed hers. “Leaving you is the last thing I want to do. You know that, right?” He flipped his visor down.
She gasped, anger rising inside her once again. “Don’t feel guilty for leaving me here to marry a complete stranger who wants nothing more than to see my stomach swollen with his seed.”
He turned around, his eyes wide. “You’re right. I can’t do this. What in the world am I thinking? Leaving you here is just…stupidly impossible. Come with me, Sarah. We’re gonna find your sister and find our own way out of this Renaissance nightmare.”
Knowing there was no other way, Sarah turned and ran down the corridor.
“What’re you doing?!” Frank yelled, chasing after her.
She grabbed the door and slammed it shut, then walked to the back of the cell. Staying in that freaky dimension wasn’t an option. She had to take a chance on marrying the nutcase if it meant she could get her hands on that key. “Lock me in! Hurry!”
“What?”
She met his gaze through the rusty bars. “You heard me. Lock it and leave. Tell the other knights to inform the king that I’ve changed my mind and I’d love to marry him.”
“Sarah, are you sure? You really need to think about this. I mean, you’re risking everything, and what if we—”
“I have thought about it, Frank, and this is the best way.” She smiled. “Now go…and don’t worry.”
“I’ll get you out of this, I swear. Just get that ring.”
“Not a problem.” As he turned to leave, she added, “I’ll be sure to say hello to hubby for you.”



Chapter 5

Sarah smoothed out her white and gold Juliet-style dress. The corseted bodice clung to her chest like a second skin, raising and flattening all the right places, but she hadn’t seen that style in any magazine in the last twenty years. She felt for the tags at the back, but the scratchy piece of material wasn’t there. It certainly wasn’t a designer label, but with all the sequins, lace, and fine details, it would have made a killing on any runway.
The maidservants had wasted no time preparing her for her dreaded nuptials. They scrubbed her skin with lye soap in a tub of scalding water. Countless hands had forced her into a wedding dress so tight she didn’t know whether she was dead as a ghost or just floating from the lack of oxygen, and the shiny tiara that weighed a ton didn’t ease her throbbing headache either. A long veil trailed the ground, promising to send her into a tumbling fall if she didn’t move gracefully.
Curls trimmed her forehead and fell in ringlets down the sides of her face. Thicker curls hung loosely at the back of her head and neck. She played with one gingerly, marveling at how easy it wound around her finger. So this is what hair felt like before straightening irons and all that hairspray. She couldn’t remember the last time she’d seen anyone with ringlet curls, but she was beginning to think the trend should be brought back to life.
A guard walked Sarah through the dimly lit corridor, then stopped, his eyes focused somewhere above her chest.
Frowning, she followed his line of vision and let out a groan. The pervert’s stare at her cleavage couldn’t have been more obvious if he’d have tattooed the words on his forehead. She rolled her eyes. “Why don’t you take a picture? It’ll last longer.” She was certain that King Victor had definitely picked out the winner of a dress.
The guard cocked an eyebrow. “Excuse me, Highness?”
“Paint a portrait?”
“I’m afraid I don’t understand.”
“Never mind,” Sarah hissed. Of course they wouldn’t know what a camera was in a place where they still knew what a chastity belt was and thought asking for a woman’s hand in marriage meant knocking her over the head and dragging her to one’s cage.
The guard opened the door, letting her into a large room. More guardsmen stood in every corner. She brushed against the wooden frame to avoid touching him. Her eyes fell on the iron chandeliers holding a multitude of taupe-colored candles. Beautiful red and purple tapestries and elaborate arrangements of gleaming swords, maces, arm poles, and shields covered the stone-sculptured walls. She took a deep breath as realization hit: She was there, in that real medieval castle, to marry a real king.
“Wait here.” The guard motioned her to stand by the floor-to-ceiling fireplace.
Minutes later, Victor walked in. He took her hand and kissed it gently. Her stomach fluttered as she peered from his gleaming white teeth and black, shaggy hair into his blue eyes. As much as she hated to admit it, he could’ve stepped out of a fairytale; he was dressed like Prince Charming himself, complete with crown, cape, short breeches tucked into high boots, and tights. The black and white doublet, with a golden lion emblazoned on the velvet, outlined every muscle in his chest. He was a handsome sight, even if he had the personality of a wolverine; she had never gone for the controlling type who enjoyed threatening to murder her for his own political gains. Against her better judgment, her knees went weak. Quit drooling! she scolded herself. She was in a very dangerous situation with a man who could kill her at any moment if he found out who she really was—or wasn’t. Sooner or later, he’d discover that she wasn’t Gloria, and there wasn’t a royal bone in her body.
Slowly, his gaze traveled over her. “Princess Gloria, you look dashing…much more like a princess now, soon to be a queen, my dear.”
Sarah knew that she had to play along if she wanted to get out of there. She returned his smile and curtsied, hoping it looked close enough to the real deal. “Thank you, milord.”
A grin grew across his lips. “You respond to your name now?”
An incredibly sexy dimple in his left cheek drew her attention. She moistened her lips; her breath caught in her throat. “I-I must’ve hit my head earlier and was confused, forgetting my identity. It’s all coming back to me, but certain parts still remain unclear,” she fibbed, hoping that would cover her if someone asked her a question she couldn’t properly answer. She had to play the part of Princess Gloria perfectly or Plan B was gonna be a no-go.
He pointed around the room. “Welcome to my home…your home now.
“Since you’re mentioning it, the first thing I would like to do is hire an interior designer.”
“I’ve no idea what that is.” He inched closer and touched the side of her face with a caress so tender it sent shivers down her spine. “However, if it’s within my might to buy it for you, then so be it.”
Sarah took a step back, her fingers barely connecting with the material of his shirt as she placed a hand between them. Her throat felt constricted; her heart hammered in her chest. If he wouldn’t have followed her command, she wouldn’t have had the willpower to push him away.
“You make a beautiful bride,” he said. “I’m glad you finally came to your senses.”
“Well, Victor, sitting in a cold dungeon will do that to a girl—that and threats of execution will nudge a gal in the right direction.”
“You’re taking all of this rather calmly. Your reputation preceded you, and I expected more of a fight.”
“My father doesn’t care if I live or die, so I hope he chokes on my new title.” She smiled inwardly. Getting into character wasn’t as hard as she thought.
“That’s the spirit! You would never have been queen in your own kingdom. I have a feeling your mother is going to hold on to that title for a long time.”
“Exactly, and that’s why I’ve decided to take this wonderful opportunity, though I must admit I would have preferred a bit more romance and a proper courting.” She blinked her lashes, amused. “May I give you some dating…er, courting advice, my King?”
“You may.” A note of amusement rang in his tone.
“It works best to woo a girl and sweep her off her feet rather than throw her in a dungeon. When you propose, try kneeling and stating your undying love. That works better than threatening your future bride with impending death or impregnating her with ten kids.”
Victor laughed, the delicious dimples forming on his cheeks again. “You’re here to marry me, are you not?”
She bit her lip. “Guess you got me there,” she said, knowing she didn’t have much of a choice.
He inched closer, a shadow passing over his features as he peered into her eyes. “You know the consequences of the ring, yet you are still willing to move forward with the marriage?”
Yeah, she knew the consequences. She’d wear a ball and chain for a few hours before she cut it off with a hacksaw and ran as far away from the guy as she could—no matter how gorgeous he was. “I’m aware.”
“I knew you were, but I had to make sure. I wouldn’t want you to blame me for…” He winced slightly. “Keeping it from you.”
Whoa! Is there more to this thing than he’s letting on, more to it than what that Jules told Frank? She thought maybe she could play up the amnesia angle, leftover from the bump on the head. She narrowed her eyes to tiny slits, considering her words. “Uh, just to be on the safe side, would you be so kind and refresh my memory? Things are a little fuzzy from the fall.”
He nodded. “Of course, my love. It’s said that—”
A knock on the door interrupted him.
Victor held up a hand. “Ah, the priest. I want this done quickly.”
Sarah grabbed hold of his arm. “Wait! What about your bad conscience? You wouldn’t want me to blame you later, would you?”
He laughed, motioning in a short man with white, thinning hair. He was dressed in a wide-sleeved, kimono-style, monk’s robe with a knotted rope belt tied at the waist.
Victor shut the door, then met Sarah’s gaze. “All royalty knows about the ring’s secrets. And I’m certain you wouldn’t forget something so important. Let’s get started.”
“You don’t waste time,” she said. “Nothing says love better than a shotgun wedding.”
The priest bowed. “It’s nice to meet you, Princess.”
She nodded. Frank had better be right about this ring being the key we need to get outta here. I hope his sources really are reliable, because if I go through with this all for nothing, I’m gonna kick his butt into the next century!
“Is anyone else attending the ceremony?” the priest asked.
“No, Father,” Victor said.
Sarah chuckled and motioned around her. “I think the only guests we have are the guards.”
“I need you to stand to my left, and King Victor, please stand to the right,” the priest continued.
Sarah moved into position, butterflies dancing in her stomach. Can I really go through with this? Staring at all the polished swords and shields hanging on the wall, she gulped. She’d always planned to get married in a church filled with smiling friends and family, not alone on some King Arthur movie set. And what’s Victor hiding from me about the ring? Obviously, there was something she needed to know, because it was something all the other royals were aware of. The problem was, she wasn’t royalty.
“You’re so beautiful,” Victor whispered, cupping her face. “You take my breath away.”
Her heart leapt. The guy throws me in a hole in the ground and then feeds me a bunch of compliments? She gazed into his eyes, searching for sincerity. For a minute, she thought he actually meant it. “I’m flattered.” Then it dawned on her: There’s got to be something in this for him, even if it is just plain old revenge.
“Your father and I don’t get along, but I bear you no ill feelings. I’m sorry I lost my temper in the dungeon. I am fuming angry with your wolf of a father, and I should not have taken that out on his blood.” Victor slipped his hands around her waist, his eyes glistening with something she couldn’t place. “I know you were forced into this, and I grant you my deepest apologies. I assure you, my love, that I will spend the rest of my life trying to make you happy.”
Gazing up at his face, she was surprised to find that he actually had a soft side. So his threats were all a bluff? And he really wants to spend the rest of his life making me happy? Confusion flooded through her. What girl doesn’t dream of getting swept off her feet by a handsome king declaring his undying devotion? Even if we did start off on the wrong foot when he imprisoned me.
The priest cleared his throat and opened his leather-bound book.
The king grinned. “Ah, yes. Let’s get started, shall we?”
The priest nodded. “King Victor Fesque II, wilt thou have this woman to be thy wedded wife? Wilt thou love her, honor her, keep her and guard her, in health and in sickness, as a husband should a wife, forsaking all others? Wilt thou cling only unto her, so long as ye both shall live?”
Victor met Sarah’s eyes and smiled. “I will.”
“Princess Gloria Jarod, wilt thou have this man to be thy wedded husband? Wilt thou love him, honor him, keep him and guard him, in health and in sickness, as a wife should a husband, forsaking all others? Wilt though cleave only unto him, so long as ye both shall live?”
The words sounded surreal, almost as though marrying a man she never met before was nothing more than a dream. Sarah wished she’d get up in the morning and erase all memory of the nonsense with a steaming cup of coffee. Victor looked into her eyes, and she held his gaze. Bring home the Oscar, Sarah, she told herself. She was enjoying her undercover work much more than she should have been. Hmm. Getting that ring on my finger might be easier than I hoped. She gulped and spat out the words. “I will.”
The priest continued, “Do you take Princess Gloria Jarod to be your wedded wife, to have and to hold from this day forward, for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness, and in health, till death do you part, if the Holy Church doth ordain it? And thereto plight her thy troth?”
Victor smiled, flashing gorgeous white teeth. “I do.”
The priest turned and repeated the vows to Sarah.
She’d never dreamt she’d be saying the words to a stranger, but she said, “I do.” Her stomach twisted into knots, and she took a deep breath. It had all seemed like make-believe to that point, but now it was real. There she was, in that ridiculously fancy wedding gown, facing a man in all his royal finery, wearing a gold crown crusted with jewels.
The priest said a blessing, then joined Sarah’s and Victor’s hands, “The third finger on the left hand has a special vein called vena amoris, which means ‘the vein of love’. This vein runs from the ring finger directly to the heart. The special ring that is placed upon this finger is the symbol of the sun, earth, and universe, and it represents perfection and peace. It has no beginning and no end, just like time.” He turned to the king. “You may pledge your allegiance to your love and undying devotion.”
Sarah smiled as Victor pulled a ring from his pocket, cradling it on his palm. Her plan was coming together perfectly and nothing made her happier.
“The rubies represent love, and the diamonds signify eternity,” said the priest, nodding to the sparkling gems set in a gold band.
Sarah’s eyes widened. Not only was the ring her ticket back home, but it was also drop-dead gorgeous, a huge, hulking piece of bling. She couldn’t stop staring at it. With its four-carat oval ruby silhouetted by shimmering diamonds, it didn’t look like a traditional wedding ring.
She cleared her throat and raised her gaze for a second. “It’s real?”
Victor shook his head, wide-eyed. “Of course, my dear. I assure you it is genuine, for it has been in my family for centuries. Why do you ask?”
“Because…” She took a deep breath to hide her emotions. “Well, I am a real princess, after all, and I don’t do knock-offs.” Undying love or not, she made sure to hold on tight to the ring. The least she’d get from that forced marriage would be a small house with a nice view in a neighborhood where she didn’t need to barricade her windows at night and sleep with pepper spray under her pillow.
As her new husband slid the ring on her finger, a jolt of electricity raced up Sarah’s hand and spread throughout her body. She blinked, and a flurry of spots flooded her vision. It was weird and quite inexplicable. The sensation stopped just as quickly as it appeared, and for a moment she stood there, flabbergasted. Wait…did I just imagine that? Granted, her nerves were on edge, what with almost being blinded by the gemstones. Or maybe I’m just dehydrated.
The priest handed her a matching ring. Looking closer, she noticed his ruby was square, making it look more masculine.
“Put the ring on Victor’s finger,” the priest whispered.
She’d never been through a wedding ceremony before, and they hadn’t granted her the courtesy of a rehearsal, so she had no way of knowing what to do. With trembling hands, she slid the ring on his finger and gazed up at his beaming face.
“We’ve done it,” Victor whispered.
Wait…that’s it? We’re…married? The cave of her mouth felt dry, almost painful, as she swallowed past the lump in her throat. Is he going to kiss me? She stared at his best feature, those full, firm, luscious lips. She couldn’t come to terms with what was going on in that head of hers. There she was, marrying a powerful king who might keep her from ever going home, but all she could do was stare at his mouth.
The priest broke through her thoughts. “I now pronounce you husband and wife. My King, you may kiss your queen.”
“You’re mine now—forever. Our bond is unbreakable, the spark between us never to be quenched.” In slow motion, she saw his face lower onto hers, their lips barely touching. His hand wandered to the low of her back, drawing her closer, her chest pressing against his as his lips came down harder but with nowhere near as much force as she would’ve expected from such a man.
Sweet and gentle? That’ll work. Don’t all fairytales end with the perfect kiss? A flame spread over her, spanning from the tips of her toes to the top of her head. He wasn’t kidding about that spark! But she knew it was time to shut that down and go to the reception.
Victor dismissed the priest, and Sarah let out a breath of relief. The ring felt heavy on her finger, reminding her that only the first step was done. The hard part was yet to come. She needed to find Frank and get the heck out of there. She smiled sweetly as she peered at her new husband. “Can we eat cake and smash it in each other’s faces now? It’s my favorite wedding tradition.”
His mouth hovered over her lips, his hot breath giving her goose-bumps. Cake was definitely the last thing on her new hubby’s mind. “I’m so blessed to have a bride as beautiful as you.” Victor’s eyes bore down into hers. “I’ve been burning to touch you, to hold you, to kiss you since the moment I laid eyes upon you.” He slipped his hands behind the back of her head, pulling her even closer. He kissed her again, more deeply this time, pushing past her lips and plunging his tongue deep into her mouth, demanding surrender. Sweet and gentle was out the door.
Is he trying to prove his dominance somehow? Prove he owns me? Maybe I should smack him, Sarah pondered, but she couldn’t deny the unexpected invasion of passion that threatened to consume her. Letting out a soft moan, she felt a burst of heat race through her body as she snuggled against his hard muscles, shivering with pleasure. Wrapping her arms fiercely around his neck, she swirled her tongue over his, hot and fast. Somewhere inside her head, a voice yelled for her to come to her senses. Why am I not trying to fight him off? She knew she was nothing but a pawn in his game of revenge to piss off Princess Gloria’s father, yet she couldn’t seem to do anything about it.
He broke away as she gasped for a breath of air. “Guards!” he shouted. “Leave us!”
Footsteps echoed across the room and a door slammed.
Victor ran his hands down her back while her fingers slid through his thick, gorgeous hair, his crown landing next to him with a thud. Their tongues tangled and danced furiously in perfect unison. Nobody had kissed her like that before, and his lip-lock drove all thoughts of Frank, the ring, and going home out of her mind. Frank! The name jolted her out of her passion, awareness banishing the fog inside her head. She was lucky she still remembered her name. It was time to go, but she couldn’t force herself to stop.
Sarah wasn’t expecting that kind of kiss at all: bold, hot, addictive, and devouring. She certainly wasn’t supposed to be enjoying it. If she kept that up, she’d be sleeping with the enemy right there on the stone floor. She broke away, breathing hard, staring into his seductive blue eyes as her heart pounded away. She wanted him in the worst way, and she could easily imagine giving herself to him right then and there. She’d only meant to give him a peck on the lips to seal the deal, so she didn’t understand how that passion had blossomed so quickly. Her escape plan was backfiring quickly. Her gaze focused on his lips again, and she wondered what it would be like to make wild, passionate love to someone so powerful and dangerous.
Victor scooped her up and cradled her in his arms as her wedding dress trailed to the ground. “Do you want to lie with me here or go somewhere more fitting for a queen?” His disheveled hair made him look even hotter.
She opened her mouth but no words came out. Sure, he was the bad guy. He had kidnapped, imprisoned, and threatened her, after all, but he was still hotter than a blazing forest fire. She didn’t understand how a complete stranger could give her the most passionate kiss of her life—a stranger who was now her husband, no less.
“Let’s stay here,” Victor said. “No one will come in and disturb us.”
“May I ask for something to eat?” And some wine—lots of it—to calm my nerves. Hey, while you’re at it, why don’t you have the royal bartender throw a few cosmos in the mix? “In case you’ve forgotten, I’ve been locked in a rat-infested dungeon all day.” It was the only thing she could think of that might stall him and help her get back on track. She had to get him to the reception, because Frank would be waiting there with some kind of rescue plan in the works. Although, she thought, letting her mind wander for a moment, how bad could it be to be married to a drop-dead gorgeous king? Not bad at all, until he finds out I’m nothing but a peasant trying to steal the royal wedding ring. Sarah couldn’t get caught up in the royal fantasy. He was only using her to procreate, part of his wicked plan to tarnish the bloodline of her so-called royal family. His plan was screwed; her reality set back in. Once he finds out the truth, he’ll have me killed. That’s what all powerful tyrants do. I have to get out of here…NOW!
“You have my deepest apologies about the dungeon.” Victor tightened his grip on her body. “Let me make it up to you…all night long.”
“But what I need now is some food,” she said.
“This is much better.”
Sarah gasped as hot kisses inched down her neck and toward her cleavage. Nothing had ever felt better than that, but she had to focus and keep herself from getting distracted if she ever planned on finding her sister and getting them all safely home. She wriggled, trying to free herself of his vise-like grip. “But I’m hungry.”
“We can have cartloads of food brought to my…to our bedchamber.” Victor slid down the puffy sleeve of her dress, kissing her bare shoulder, sending tingling heat throughout her body.
Enjoying his touch and kisses were a complication she couldn’t afford. She could easily lose herself in that medieval world, but it would be at a lofty price. It was not worth losing everything, her entire life, as well as Frank’s and Liz’s. “Don’t you want to celebrate with your people on this joyous occasion? They might hold a grudge if you count them out. I’m talking pitchforks and stormed castles.” She raised her brows in the hope that he’d buy it.
He groaned and let go of her. “You think of everything, my love. We’ll make a quick show and then get you something to eat.” Pinching her butt, he winked. “You’ll need your strength, for it shall be a very long night, Queen Gloria Fesque.”
Smiling sweetly, she nodded. If only…



Chapter 6

Sarah stumbled but quickly regained her balance. Stupid, big, fluffy wedding dress! An embarrassing trip down the stairs wasn’t the grand entrance she’d hoped for. If anyone noticed, she decided she’d just laugh it off as wedding-night jitters. She needed to pay attention, but focusing on her footsteps seemed impossible when nothing but escape ran through her mind.
“Shall I assist you, Your Majesty?” A soldier appeared at her side, his arm proffered.
She scowled at him, lest he disclose her faux pas to everyone watching. “I’m fine, thanks.” Why’d hubby have to go and send a multitude of armed guards as escorts to the after-party? Now I’ll just have to lose them once I’m in the reception hall. Wait…hubby? Sarah still couldn’t get over the fact that she was married to someone who wouldn’t look out of place on the cover of a romance novel. She shook her head at her temporary lapse in judgment. But what a kisser!
She entered the great hall, which was filled with well-dressed ladies in silks and satins, whirling across the floor in the arms of gentlemen garbed in rich velvets and brocades. Laughter and chatter echoed through the room as her subjects drank to the new queen’s good health from brown-colored mugs. A troupe of musicians with recorders, trumpets, and flutes played a sprightly dance tune, while their whistles, bells, and drums kept the beat. She wondered if the DJ would take requests, but she highly doubted it.
Victor smiled, looping his arm in hers. “I see I’m just in time to escort my lovely bride.” His eyes glazed over, and she knew he meant every word. Against her will, Sarah felt her cheeks burning.
She knew it was cliché, but she felt exactly like Cinderella at the ball. Maybe she’d watched one too many Disney movies, but she had to keep reminding herself that it was all an act on both their parts. All she wanted out of their “blessed union” was the ring, and all he wanted was to piss off his alleged new father-in-law. Nevertheless, she couldn’t help but feel impressed. Nobody had ever given her such a celebration or that much attention before.
A bald man in short red pants blew a trumpet blast. “Noblemen and women, commoners, and all other parties, bow down before our glorious monarchs, protectors and defenders of the realm, his Royal Majesty King Victor and her Highness Queen Gloria.”
In one smooth movement, the crowd formed a corridor, bowing deeply as the royal couple stepped into their midst.
Victor held Sarah’s trembling hand high as they made their way through the parted sea of people. “My bride!” He inclined his head, a broad grin playing on his lips, his eyes shining with pride.
Part of Sarah wished the illusion was real, but she knew what was really lurking behind that smooth smile of his: revenge. He hated Gloria’s father with a passion, and he viewed that wedding and the forthcoming children as nothing more than payback. Of course, Sarah couldn’t blame him, as she had her own little scheme going on and certainly wasn’t one to point fingers. She scanned the room as the king engaged in friendly chatter, but there was no sign of Frank anywhere. Where is he?
“Are you looking to make a quick getaway, my Queen?” Victor asked, gripping her hand tighter. If it was meant as a joke, it sure didn’t come across as one. “There’s nobody here from your kingdom to whisk you away.”
Oh boy. He’s not going to let me out of his sight for a minute. Talk about a clingy husband. Maybe I can play up my alleged head injury, talk crazy and make my escape while he’s off finding that so-called healer of theirs. That’ll be easy enough. All I have to do is mention my world, my California, my cell phones, my high-tech cameras. Sarah beamed at him, spouting the first thing that hit her. “I was a hippie last year, but I didn’t win best costume at the work party, so I’m trying to decide which one of these fantasy costumes I’ll sport next month for Halloween—you know…to win the title.” If I even get home in time for that, she pondered.
“What?” Confusion crossed his face.
She motioned toward the crowd. “These costumes don’t work for me. How come there are no warrior women in the medieval Arthurian tales? I think it’s time I create one, because some of these chicks look like they’d stab first and ask questions later. I, for one, would love to lead troops out into battle. I bet they make some figure-flattering chainmail, right? But just because I’m wearing a fluffy dress, that doesn’t mean I can’t find a nice shiny sword to match it. I think I’ll be Lady Guinevere/Lara Croft. Whaddya think, Kingsy, dear?”
“I told you I was done with your games. You shall not distract me with your odd babbling.”
Babbling? When did I take a left turn into Crazy Town? Oh, wait. Maybe that was when I decided to chase Bigfoot into a cave with no one but Frank around to protect me. Why didn’t I just stay home and curl up with a good book or rent a fantastic movie? But she knew the answer to that question: The adventure DNA in her gene pool wouldn’t allow her to sit at home watching movies when there were creatures to be discovered in the wilderness. “Maybe it’s best that I visit the healer. Could you please fetch him?”
Victor raised his brows. “Are you trying to get rid of me?”
“What? No!” She laughed, putting on her best performance yet. The last thing she wanted to do was stick around and end up as the inspiration behind some Lifetime movies starring Valerie Bertinelli or Tori Spelling.
“I know you’re looking for your brother, hoping he’ll rescue you,” he said. “After all, he’s the one who got you into this mess in the first place, love.”
“You’re right. It was his fault. Men are always getting me into all kinds of messes.” Especially handsome kings with bright blue eyes. And Frank, too, with this alleged brilliant plan of his. By the way, where’s the nearest divorce court? I’m sorry, but I need more out of a marriage than good looks, money, and a fancy car…er, uh, horse. “But don’t worry. I always get myself out of trouble. I don’t need anyone to help me with that.”
“Are you angry with him? With your brother?” Victor asked.
Heck yeah! If Frank ditched out on her, she knew she’d be up the creek without a paddle. She frowned, realizing he was talking about Gloria’s brother. She wasn’t sure of exactly what he’d done, but she had a pretty good idea how to fill in the blanks.
“Wouldn’t you be? The little sister crosses into enemy lines to warn her brother about a nasty trap in store for him. He gets away while she gets caught. He’s probably home now, toasting his freedom with Daddy dearest.”
“What a nice family you come from.” Victor laughed. “If I were you I’d—”
“Yeah, yeah. I got it, loud and clear.” She turned away because she’d had enough of his mouth. She decided he’d be better off if he stuck to kissing instead of talking. Wasting her time chatting with him wasn’t going to get her anywhere, and it was time to switch tactics. “I have to use the little queen’s room.”
“All rooms belong to the royal king and queen,” he said.
“This freaking lung-squeezing corset is tighter than my skinny jeans, and it’s about to burst. I have to fix it if I ever intend to breathe again. Perhaps oxygen deprivation is what is causing me to talk such nonsense.”
He slid his arm around her waist and pulled her close, whispering into her ear in a husky voice, “How about we go upstairs and I remove it myself?”
She smirked, aware that he would enjoy unwrapping her like a Christmas present out of all those buttons, ties, and layers. It would take hours, and she was sure the guy would love every minute of it. She couldn’t stop the goose-bumps from rushing over her skin though. It was a tempting offer, but one night of passion would be a high price to pay to squeeze out ten kids and be bossed around for the rest of her life. “I’d rather mingle and meet everyone.” She winked. “Remember, we have all night…and all our lives after that.”
He tilted her chin to meet his steady gaze. “Mingle with my subjects? Why do you care, Gloria? You only married me to save your pretty little neck.”
“Not true. I was tired of lonely Friday nights, and I desperately wanted this wedding ring,” she said, for once telling the truth.
Victor inclined his head, his eyes shining with pride as though he’d forged the thing himself. “It’s one of our most treasured heirlooms, dating back thousands of years. The wearers of the collection are bonded for all of eternity with one heartbeat.”
Eternity? How about a few short hours, buddy?
“I’m sure you’re familiar with the tradition,” Victor continued, a twinkle in his eye.
One heartbeat for all of eternity? He is nuts. She swallowed. Wait…could there be any truth to his statement? Maybe I should’ve read the fine print before I said, “I do.”
“Now that we’re connected, I’m positive your father will meet every single one of my demands.”
Sarah raised an eyebrow. “What makes you think so? He didn’t care before if I lived or got my head whacked off by your sword.”
“He cares deeply. According to my sources, he seems to have trouble believing that I actually have you in my possession.”
“Oh?” She realized that Gloria’s father had a heart after all.
“He thought I was bluffing, but he will now know the truth.” Victor leaned in. “Don’t convince yourself for a minute that I would’ve believed that Sarah Larker nonsense. My most reliable soldiers identified you as Princess Gloria. There is no mistaking who you really are.”
Sarah had heard of evil twins, of doppelgangers, but this was ridiculous. A shudder ran through her body as a thought occurred to her. Princess Gloria’s father is on to my scam. He knows King Victor doesn’t have the real princess. No wonder he wouldn’t meet the king’s demands. She knew she had to jump-start the escape plan into high gear before Victor figured the whole thing out for himself. “Is there a private place I could go where I can fix this girdle?”
Victor motioned to one of his guards. “Take her to the dressing quarters. Station six guards at the door…no, make that a dozen of my finest men.”
“Yes, Your Highness,” a soldier said. For a moment, he peered at her, beaming with enthusiasm.
Sarah chuckled. “Hey, I know I look like a fairy godmother in this get-up, but I promise, I can’t vanish into thin air.”
A woman approached with her head down. She wore a simple leather dress and carried a large leather satchel over one shoulder. Copper bracelets adorned her wrists. She bowed in humility. “Would you like me to help you with your dress, Highness?”
Sarah shook her head. “No, but thank you.” She knew the girl could easily ruin her plans and spoil everything. The last thing she needed was some little spy following her around while she hunted for Frank.
As contrary as always, the king motioned to the girl, his voice authoritative. “My queen will definitely be taking any help you offer.”
Sarah rolled her eyes. The guy was definitely a bona fide control freak, and she wasn’t about to let him think he had the upper hand. Just as she opened her mouth to set him straight, though, she remembered something her kindergarten teacher said: “Say something nice or shut up.” Nothing had worked so far, so she figured she might as well give it a try. Smiling, she cleared her throat. “How kind of you to think of me. That’d be great.”
Victor grabbed her wrist, whispering in her ear, “Try to escape and you’ll pay dearly.” She knew he meant every word of his threat; the teacher’s advice clearly sucked.
“After that kiss, I thought we were past all that. You’re posting an army at the door? Where’s the trust? How could I possibly run away with everyone knowing my face, thanks to you?”
He released her wrist, and she pulled her hand away, eager to put a few inches between them. “Trust is something one must earn,” he whispered, sounding like something she read on a fortune cookie once.
She met his hot gaze. “I kissed you. Doesn’t that mean anything?”
“Maybe it will when you do it out of enjoyment or passion or love and not for the sake of saving your own life.”
“Are you saying I faked it? Come on! We both know that kiss was real.” For a moment, she watched the dangerous glitter in his eye and wondered whether she’d underestimated him. She knew he could easily overpower her, and the fact that he hadn’t done so yet didn’t mean he wouldn’t once he realized she had no interest in being wife material. Should I dare an escape attempt? She snorted inwardly. Heck yeah! Living in Freaksville isn’t my thing.
“The girl is waiting on you,” Victor said.
Sarah smiled up at him sweetly. “Thanks for your help, darling.”
The girl touched her elbow. “If you’d follow me, my Queen.”
Throwing him one last look, Sarah followed her through the crowd to a room in the far left-hand quarter. True to Victor’s word, a multitude of minions guarded the entrance, and she could see the king’s prying sapphire eyes not too far away. She stepped inside and scanned the room, then shook her head. There wasn’t one window or opening, and freedom didn’t appear to be an option, at least not anytime soon. She was only moments away from him taking her upstairs to procreate an entire baseball team.
The girl motioned her behind a giant divider for privacy. “Please hurry, my Queen.” The way the girl’s eyes darted about, Sarah knew who would bear the brunt of the punishment if she did not do as she was told.
Sarah stumbled over the hem of her dress as she joined the girl. “Listen…I don’t need your help.”
“Yes you do, Sarah Larker.”
She gasped. “What? You know my real name?”
The girl nodded. “That and much more. Frank told me King Victor has mistaken you for Princess Gloria.”
“Frank? Oh my gosh! You’ve met him! Where is he? Is he here?”
“I’m working with him. He is currently hiding in the forest.”
“So you’re really here to help me with more than my dress?” Sarah gripped her hands, relief flooding through her. “I don’t know how to thank you.”
“Frank said you went through with the marriage only to obtain the ring.”
Sarah flashed her hand with a huge smile. “Mission accomplished, baby.”
“Good, for that is the one key back to your world, according to legend. Now, are you ready to switch identities? We’re pretty close in size. Even our hair is the same length and color. Your true lover, Frank, said I would pass for you with no problem, as long as we are careful.”
“Lover?” She shook her head and laughed. “Frank’s not my boyfriend.”
“Why not? He seems to be a nice man. We met only this morning, but he couldn’t stop talking about you.” The girl unbuttoned Sarah’s dress in the back, groaning. “This is tricky.”
“Why are you so willing to help us?” Sarah heaved a huge sigh as the cumbersome dress fell to the floor, happy to breathe freely again.
“My father’s dying, and Frank promised to obtain some minerals that will cure him if I help you.” The girl slipped out of her far less expensive leather dress.
Sarah thought Frank nuts to make such an outrageous promise, and she almost felt sorry for the girl for falling for it. “What?”
“There’s an ancient legend about the Gold Minerals of Life. I’ve spent years looking for them to help my father, and I’ve finally found where they’re hidden. It is said they shall heal any person who swallows them, no matter the person’s affliction, but only a royal with a ruby wedding ring can see the minerals. I told Frank the secret location. I will help you, but you must help me in return, as Frank promised. There is nothing I would not do for my father.”
Sarah hated being put in such a position, but she had no other choice at that point. “Get me the heck out of here so I can find my sister, and I will give you anything you want.” She knew she’d have to find those minerals to make good on Frank’s promise, and she felt like slugging Frank for that—and for referring to himself as her “true lover”. She was no fan of him making crazy deals that’d just keep them in that world even longer. And what if these minerals didn’t even exist? We don’t have time for this. Once I make my escape, the king will be hot on my trail. All she wanted to do was find her sister and get the heck out of that dimension or wherever the heck they were. In spite of her disdain for his crazy ideas, Sarah wished Frank was there. “Any particular reason why Frank didn’t come to this little Halloween party himself? He’d make one heck of a Robin Hood.”
The girl squirmed into the flowing wedding gown. “It would be far too risky for him to venture inside the castle.”
Sarah hurried into the leather dress. “I’m not sure this plan is going to work. My eyes are brown, and yours are blue.”
“No one will notice. I’ll keep them closed.”
“What’re you going to do when they discover you’re not me?” Sarah had a pretty good idea, and she wondered why the girl would risk her life; she understood, though, because she’d risk her own for her father’s in a heartbeat.
For a brief second, a shadow passed the girl’s face. Then she shrugged. “I can talk my way out of anything.”
She must be quite the con artist. Sarah tied the leather strings in the front. “What do you know about this king?”
“Only that he is one of the Immortals, like all royalty.”
Sarah took a deep breath and pondered her strange words, which sounded like something out of a comic book. “That’s a rumor, right? I mean, some ancient people in my time used to say they were gods, but they only claimed that to control their people.”
“No, it is entirely real.” The girl flinched. “Ouch! That pinched. Can we hurry this up?”
“I’m trying,” Sarah said. “Do you know how many buttons and ties are on this dress? Please tell me more about the king…and what is your name?”
“My name is Mia. The king is one of the most dangerous of the Immortals. He is feared by many throughout our world. I think it’s best that you get as far away from him as possible and never look back. This will be no easy task though, since you’re bonded to him now for all eternity, or so the legend says.”
“Not sure I can buy all that.” Sarah pushed and pulled the corset strings on the wedding dress till the girl squeaked. “I saw a soft side to him during the ceremony, especially when I kissed him.”
“You kissed him?” Mia asked in a shocked tone, shuddering.
“Not intentionally. I tried to dodge the bullet, but he just laid one on me.”
Mia shook her head. “That is not good. You’ve only strengthened the bond. Now he’ll be able to jump into your head and control you.”
Sarah scowled. “What? This might be news to you in your misogynistic day, but nobody controls me—and you shouldn’t let any man control you either.”
“I told Frank all of this, but he doesn’t believe it.”
Sarah thrust her crown into the girl’s hands. “Are you suggesting that Frank is stubborn? Well, you ain’t telling me anything new.”
Mia slid off her thick copper bracelets. “Put these on. Servants are required to wear them. You know, your lover Frank is a wonderful man. He went through a lot to ensure that this rescue would happen.” She reached for a long leather bag and then froze for a minute. She snapped out of her trance as her hands ran over the satin material on her dress.
“What’s wrong?” Sarah touched her shoulder, wondering if the girl was getting cold feet. She certainly wouldn’t have blamed her.
“Just enjoying my thirty seconds as a queen and being in such a luxurious gown, one like I’ll never see again in my lifetime. I hate myself for what I’m about to do.” Mia lifted up the leather bag and poured a red liquid all over her face. It dripped down her dress, leaving tiny puddles on the floor.
As much as she hated the idea of marrying King Victor, it was a shame for Sarah to watch such a beautiful gown go to crimson ruins. “What’re you doing?!” Sarah stared in shock. It felt like she’d jumped onto the set of Carrie, only John Travolta was nowhere in sight. She was pretty sure even Stephen King woulda been running for the hills if he was mixed up in all that mess.
“I am simply playing dead. Relax! It’s only scarlet dye, and it is all part of the plan. I will tell the king that your…er, Gloria’s brother made me switch clothing, drenched me in dye, and then knocked me out. We have to shock them and distract them, or our plan will not prove successful. Please do well in your role of a horrified servant, Sarah.”
Sarah tucked the last strand of hair into her leather hairnet. “Got it. I can do hysterical.”
“A man named Jules, on a brown horse, is waiting outside for you.”
“Jules? Frank mentioned him to me earlier. I’m assuming I can trust him?”
“Of course! Jules is the love of my life. My father told him that if he would do this deed for us, it will prove his loyalty to our family, and his prize shall be my hand in marriage. Of course, that will be a prize for me too, for I adore Jules and want to spend my life with him once my beloved father is healed. My Jules will take you to a carriage three miles away, where your love Frank is waiting.”
“How many times do I have to remind you that he is not my love?”
Mia lay on the floor and closed her eyes. “Forgive Frank if you can, Sarah Larker. Life is too short to hold grudges against those who hold you dear in their hearts, as Frank clearly does. Any man who would risk his life for yours deserves some consideration, don’t you think?”
She had a point, for Frank had done plenty to prove himself. There was no point in being held hostage by anger, and Sarah knew it was time to move on and apologize. But at the moment, there were bigger fish to fry. She was tasked with another Oscar-worthy performance, and she couldn’t remember the last time she’d gone from prisoner to queen to servant girl all in the same day. It was the role of a lifetime.
Sarah covered her face with her hands and ran out screaming. “Help! Somebody! Anybody! The queen’s been attacked.” She shrieked with hysteria, tears running down her cheeks. At some point, her lungs constricted, burning like they were on fire, but she didn’t care. To make it seem authentic, she had to let go of any pain and fear.
A soldier gripped her by her arm. “What happened, girl?”
“She’s bleeding! A man—no, more like a ghost—just appeared before my eyes and—”
He darted off before she even had a chance to finish her makeshift explanation.
Everything played out in slow motion. Soldiers headed toward the dressing room. People gasped, heads turned, jaws dropped, and screams echoed. Every instinct told Sarah to run immediately. She had just spun around on her heels to leave when she noticed Victor racing in her direction, terror etched on his face. Glued to the spot where she stood, her heart pounded with each step he took. Part of her felt bad for deceiving him in such a way after the tender kiss they’d shared, but the greater part of her wanted to live and to have her old life back. She wasn’t in her world, her life, and she refused to be controlled by some tyrant, regardless of how hot and how good of a kisser he was. Sarah swallowed past the lump in her throat as he swept her a quick glance, his troubled blue eyes piercing holes in her heart. Why do I even care? There’s no way to soften the blow from a battle axe. He’s just gonna have to man up. He hasn’t even known me for more than a day, even if I was his bride. She threw herself into the character of horrified servant, and covered her face with her hands and sobbed as he passed by.
Thrusting the door open, Victor let out a loud shriek. “Get the healer in here now!”
The emotion in his voice made her shiver as she walked away, clutching her chest. Through the crowd of people, directly into the dressing room, she could specifically hear his voice. She wondered when she’d gained the power of superhuman hearing.
“Secure the perimeter!” Victor said. “Nobody comes in or out.”
“I feel a pulse throbbing,” a man said. “She’s alive.”
“Thank goodness, but something’s not right. Why don’t I feel her pain?” Victor asked. “I should’ve felt this happening the moment it began. We are bonded, one to another, by the ring!”
“Maybe the ring has not taken effect yet,” someone suggested.
Feel my pain? Is he talking about the emotional pain of forcing me into marriage with a stranger? Sarah forced her mind into action and swiftly walked through the crowd of people. Dashing off like Cinderella after the ball at the stroke of midnight, she hoped she wouldn’t lose a glass slipper, or rather, a leather shoe. She focused on forcing her way through, her eyes fixed on her feet so she wouldn’t trip. Something brushed her back, but she didn’t halt. Somebody yanked her arm, jerking her back, and she gasped, startled.

Chapter 7

Sarah’s labored breathing echoed in her ears. It was even louder than the excited chatter of the crowded room. She took another step forward, pushing against a bulky peasant, when she felt another tug on her arm. Gasping, she turned, shudders running through her body. A large man towered over her, his bulging eyes fixed somewhere below her head. Great. Busted.
The man grinned. “Whom do we have here?”
Holding her breath, she clenched her fists, ready to fight.
The woman standing next to her pressed an empty goblet into her arm yelling, “More wine, girl!” Sarah stared, unbelieving. “Chop, chop.”
The man narrowed his gaze, staring from the woman to Sarah.
Rolling her eyes, the woman glared at her, enunciating each syllable. “I said, more wine. Well? What are you looking at?”
She knew she’d be spending ten to twenty in a dark dungeon swarming with bugs once she shoved that glass down her throat. Someone bumped into her, making Sarah stumble. She needed to breathe before panic consumed her. “Coming right away, madam. I’ll fetch a bottle,” she said, smiling.
She forged through the crowd to the other side of the room when she saw two huge doors, the outside entrance. Glancing over her shoulder, she scanned the room. The man from before wasn’t following. There were no knights, only clueless guests sipping on wine and laughing. Nobody on that side of the room had any clue what was going on, and she was glad for their drunken stupor. She placed her trembling hands on the iron handle and slowly pushed, squeezing through the entryway. Outside, stars twinkled in a blanket of darkness, and a chilly breeze ran over her body. She shivered and wrapped her arms around herself as her breath came out in bursts of steam against the frosty night air.
Strong arms gripped her shoulders, throwing her up against the outside door. “You’re not getting away that easy,” a male voice said.
Busted again, she turned slowly, fear gripping her. The guy staring at her wasn’t the same one, but the frown on his face looked just as mean. Her heart pounded in her chest. She could have tried to run, but there were guards posted every twenty feet. She took a deep breath and continued with her role as a humble servant. “My shift’s over.”
“This entrance isn’t for slaves and riffraff,” he hissed. “Next time use the one in the back.”
She let out a tiny sigh of relief, keeping her head low. “It won’t happen again, sir.”
“Over here!” She turned her head toward the man hidden under a cloak, sitting on a brown horse. He grinned at the guards, winking. “I’m here to escort this pretty maiden home.”
The soldier shoved Sarah toward the man. He wore a grotesque grin on his face. “At least somebody will have fun with this trash tonight.” They all guffawed and laughed as Sarah stumbled forward.
She hesitated for a moment though. She knew if she stayed back, the guards might raise alarm. If she followed the horseman, he might turn into a whacko who’d rape her and dump her body into the next available ditch.
“Come on.” The guy offered his hand and whispered, “I’m Jules, Mia’s friend.”
Jules! The sound of his name calmed Sarah’s racing heart. Mia’s boyfriend. Grabbing his hand, she let him pull her up.
“I know you must be tired after your long day of work,” Jules said.
“Yes, and I have to be back tomorrow, bright and early.” She put her foot into the dangling stirrup and heaved herself up into the saddle.
A soldier whistled, and the rest of them cackled.
Oh gosh! It was then that Sarah realized her leather dress had ridden up, exposing her entire thigh. She tried to pull it down, but it was difficult to do while mounted atop a horse.
Jules pulled hard on his horse’s reins, galloping past the army of guards and into the moonlit forest.
Sarah clung to his waist, praying she wouldn’t fall. Relief washed over her when she realized nobody seemed to suspect a thing. She shivered as the cool wind blew through her hair. Crickets chirped, and an owl hooted in the distance. Eerie shadows from branches jumped around in the silvery light. “Are you taking me to Frank?”
“Yes. Did everything go according to plan? Is Mia okay?” Jules asked.
“She was fine when I left, but won’t they question her once they realize she’s not me?”
“My Mia can handle herself. That is one of the things I love about her. But if anything should happen to my love, I shall know who to blame—you and your male companion.”
“She’s very brave,” Sarah said earnestly. “I’ll always be indebted to the two of you. Thank you.”
He said nothing and only urged the horse on through the woods.
Minutes felt like hours, but they finally reached a wagon, which was situated under a towering tree and loaded with bales of hay. As soon as Jules swung Sarah down from the horse, she raced into Frank’s arms. “Oh, Frank!”
He embraced her, and she felt the warmth of his body against hers. “Did I ever tell you how smoking hot you look in leather?”
She smiled, pulling her hair net off, allowing her long curls to bounce freely against her shoulders. “So you’re into Tastian servant girls, huh?”
“You look absolutely stunning in anything,” he said. He leaned closer and nuzzled her neck. “You smell nice too.”
“They curled my hair, painted on as much make-up as an Egyptian princess, drenched me in perfume, and threw me in a Cinderella dress.”
“Let me guess… It struck midnight and you lost the gown and glass slippers?”
She laughed. “Something like that.”
“I can’t believe I just rescued you from a real-live castle.”
“You should’ve seen the inside, man.”
“That nice, huh?” He gazed at her intently, his hand cupping her face. “Did he hurt you? Did that royal jackass put his hands on you in any way?”
“He only stole a smooch.”
“On the cheek?”
“Lips.” She winked. “And I can’t say I didn’t like it,” she admitted as that magical kiss flashed through her mind, washing her with guilt. She wasn’t sorry about it though. In fact, she wished Victor had made it a longer one, like all night. She cleared her throat, eager to change the subject before Frank started asking questions. She held up her hand with a grin. “Anyway, I got the ring.”
“Our ticket out of here!” His face lit up as he bowed. “My Queen, you rock.”
She grinned. “Yeah, baby—just like this giant rock on my finger.”
He examined the ring, its large ruby and tiny diamonds glinting in the moonlight. “It’s too big, way too tacky. That bragging jerk.”
“Right. It’s so ugly. I mean, clearly, the man has no taste whatsoever.” She rolled her eyes. “Are you kidding me? No woman in her right mind would say no to something like this.”
Frank was jealous and he had every right to be. The darn thing was gorgeous, almost as gorgeous as the man who had placed it on Sarah’s finger. “You’re having a ball with this, aren’t you?” he asked.
She touched his brown hooded cloak. “I see you are too. Love the new digs.”
He smiled, his hazel eyes twinkling. “An investigative reporter knows how to go deep undercover.”
Jules approached and handed her a cloak. “This shall keep you warm, miss. Now, if you will, please take measures to hide and hide well.”
“I made us a little fort inside all these towering haystacks.” Frank reached for some folded blankets on the ground beside the wagon. He hopped on the wagon and spread a few out over the scratchy hay. “A bed fit for a queen.”
She crawled inside and lay down next to him, pulling the top cover over her. She didn’t know which one itched most, the hay, the blanket, or the cloak Jules had given her.
Jules rearranged the haystacks, covering the entrance to their makeshift fort.
“Nice little cubby hole you got here, Frank,” she said. “What’s the matter? You couldn’t spring for a decent hotel? I was kind of expecting a limo on my wedding night, not a hayride.”
Frank snuggled up to her. “I tried to call for a rental car, but they haven’t invented spark plugs yet—or engines or tires, for that matter. They do have horsepower though.”
Sarah rolled her eyes.
“What?” Frank said. “You’re not gonna laugh at my jokes?”
“Gosh, Frank, if you ever lose your job as a reporter, maybe the king could use a court jester,” she said.
“Well, that’s the last straw!” he said, blowing a piece of hay in her direction, to which Sarah just rolled her eyes again.
The horse snorted, and a moment later, the wagon lurched forward. To call the ride bumpy would have been an understatement. It rocked and thumped and bounced over every bump and crack in the road.
“I never thought I’d be riding off into the sunset with another man’s wife—let alone a queen—on the dude’s wedding night.”
“I hope that’s not a deal-breaker.”
Frank laughed. “That depends. Do I get to enjoy the honeymoon?”
She laughed too, and then continued. “No honeymoon, but I can tell you this. Life throws curve balls you can’t even begin to imagine.”
He chuckled. “Tell me about it.”
“So how did you get these people to do all of this anyway? And what did you promise Mia? Gold minerals? Start from the beginning. What happened to you back in the forest?”
“I was running for my life from a herd of beasts I said never existed. And I’m sure you’re still laughing about that one.”
She grinned. “Just a tiny bit.”
“The next thing I know, you disappear. I hear voices and start running toward them, but there’s this guy in some ridiculous outfit calling you Princess Gloria. He and his armored goons had you cornered, so I had to hang back so they wouldn’t take me prisoner too. Then, when they cleared out, I followed them and found you at the castle. Is this weird or what?”
She snorted. “Thank goodness for horses or you would have never been able to keep up. If you’d have only had a car, you might have crashed it.”
“Hey, those horses were pretty darn fast. While I was looking for a telephone to call 911, I ran into a group of rebels, some local boys who thought for sure I was a spy for King Victor. They tied me up and threatened me, but I used my charm.”
She pressed her hands into her lap, suppressing the laughter bubbling up inside her. It was just like Frank to put the spotlight on himself, even though she’d been the one to survive incarceration and marriage to a barbarian. He got paid to be a sensationalist, after all. “Really?” She bobbed her head, brows raised. “And how did that work out for you?”
“I finally bonded with them over a few glasses of ale and told them about my situation. Then they informed me that I am trapped in some other dimension. Of course, at first, I assumed it was just the ale talking.”
“How do they know that?”
“Well, the legends apparently go back for generations. They only know there’s a magical portal that opens with that royal bling of yours. It’s some kind of ancient door guarded by Bigfoot in the Forbidden Forest, the very same one we came through. For goodness sake, I can’t believe I’m even saying all this.”
“How did you take the news?”
“I freaked out, of course.”
She cringed. “How bad?”
Frank winced, pausing for a second. “Let’s just say that one of them had to throw a bucket of water over my head.”
Sarah laughed, wishing she’d been there to witness it.
“Mia gave me some info on opening the portal, info that had been passed down from her grandmother,” he said. “And the group offered to help me as long as we promised to go to Global Mountain and get some minerals or something to save Mia’s dad’s life. Only a royal with a wedding ring can see the ancient minerals.”
“So you volunteered me?” She shook her head. “I know I never would have gotten out of there without Mia’s help, but even still, how could you make a promise like that?”
“I had to do something crazy to save you from being shacked up with Mr. Tyrant. And get this…the group even knows your sister.”
“Really? How? Are they sure it’s her? Where is she? We have to go get her and—”
“They specifically remember your sister because they thought she was a witch when she screamed like a maniac that she’d come through the portal. They even held a trial, but she was found innocent when some rich guy named Charles paid off the judges.”
“Poor Liz! Oh, thank goodness for that Charles. I couldn’t have lived with myself if she’d been burned at the stake!”
“We’re heading away from the portal toward another country called Dornia. I got a tip your sister may be there with this Charles dude.”
She stared at him in disbelief. “Frank, don’t kid with me.” If he was playing any of his ridiculous games, she vowed then and there that she would never speak to him again.
“No, I’m dead serious.”
“You mean she’s okay? Alive? And we’re gonna find her?” Tears filled her eyes, and an overwhelming sense of joy flooded through her.
“Alive and in Dornia—at least that’s what they tell me, but don’t get your hopes up just yet. We don’t know if the source is reliable.” He caressed her face and swiped away a falling tear with his thumb.
“This is too much. How can I ever thank you?”
“Hmm. I can think of a few ways, but now that you’re a married woman and all, I don’t know how proper it would be for me to expect you to—”
“Frank!” She went to slug him, but he caught her hand and kissed it.
“Nice thought, but I’m talking about something completely different, like forgiving me and letting me back into your life.” Snuggling closer, he said, “I’m sorry I never understood your research. I’m also sorry for all the awful things I’ve ever said. I’m an idiot.”
“You insulted my research.” She paused for effect.
“I’ll make it up to you, I swear.”
Frank’s apology meant a lot, but she had other worries. “So Liz’s is in Dornia. Let’s work on a plan.”
“What about my apology?”
“I accept it wholeheartedly, Frank.” It was the second time a man had apologized to her that day, only Frank’s meant much more to her than King Victor’s. “How could I hold a grudge against you when you’re here helping me find my sister? And yes, that apology is a good start.” She reached up and threaded her hand through his thick hair.
Frank pulled her next to him, his face so close that she could feel his hot breath and his hammering heart. “I’ve been wanting to hold you since the second I saw you wearing that sexy Indiana Jones hat and camouflage,” he said.
“I’ve been dying to run a hand through that gorgeous hair of yours from the moment I laid eyes on you at base camp. And you’re right.”
“About what?”
“It was awe when I first saw you, not fright.”
“I knew it! You’re crazy about me.”
“Let’s not get carried away now.” When she touched his face, she knew every defense she’d built against him was starting to melt. He had to care about her, even if they hadn’t seen eye to eye in the past. No man would dive deeper into some bizarre world they knew nothing about, especially while being placed on Tastia’s most wanted list, just to rescue a girl unless he cared deeply for her. Closing her eyes, she let go as he captured her lips with a slow and gentle kiss. She felt the familiar flutter and wrapped her arms around him. She had to admit to herself that she had missed him. He didn’t push any further, and she rested in his warm, comforting arms.
She tried to forget about everything, but the events of the day marched through her mind, making her tremble.
“Are you okay?” he asked.
Slowly, the words came out. “No, I’m not.”
Stroking the side of her cheek, he whispered, “Everything’s going to be fine.”
“But what if it isn’t?” she said.
“We have the ring. It’s the answer to all of our problems.”
“I don’t think so. I have a feeling it’s only the start of all our problems.”
“No, it’s our way out of here, babe,” he said.
“But Mia said I’m bonded with this king.”
“She’s filling your head with crap she’s been taught since birth, like some of those religious zealots try to do back home.”
“I don’t know what to think anymore.” She took a deep breath. “We’ve actually seen Bigfoot for ourselves. We’re not even in our own world. My sister’s out there somewhere. I’m married to a real-live king. I’m wearing a ring that is a key to some mysterious portal. We’re on the run. And last but not least, Mia told me that if you’re royalty, you’re an Immortal.”
Moonlight pooled in through the cracks of hay piled above them. Sarah’s eyes locked on Frank’s magnetic gaze, quivering from his gentle touch as his fingers brushed her cheek.
“It’s a lot to process, I know,” he said. “The whole idea of another dimension is deeply, shockingly unlikely, but here we are. I mean, I’m blown away by all of it—maybe more than you are because I’m a skeptic by nature—but we’re going to get through this.”
Before she could respond, the king’s voice burst through her thoughts. Come back to me. It disappeared as fast as it came. “Get out of my head!” she yelled, pressing her fingers against her temples. She sat up, droplets of sweat rolling down her forehead. Mia was right, for the king could clearly somehow jump inside her head. It was either that or she was going crazy from lack of food and water. Worst-case scenario, she was having a mental breakdown. She began to wonder where the men in white coats were, as she was just about ready for her straightjacket and her trip on the paddy wagon.
“What’s wrong?” Frank asked. “I’m only trying to help.”
She worried he’d think she was nuts, and she hoped she was just imagining it all based on what Mia had told her. “I swear I heard King Victor’s voice in my head, begging me to come back.”
“Whoa. That’s weird. What did he say exactly?” he asked.
“You wouldn’t even believe me if I told you, Mr. Skeptic.”
“I’m trying to have an open mind here. Did I make fun of you? No, I didn’t.”
“Never mind. I’m stressed out right now. Let’s not talk about this. I-I think I’m going to close my eyes for a little bit.”
“Okay. You’ve been through a lot. Try and get some rest. Goodnight, babe,” Frank said, turning the other way.
“Hey, Frank. I won’t get mad if you decide to hold me—you know, just for tonight. Just remember it doesn’t mean anything.”
“It means absolutely nothing. I got it seared into my memory, just like the kiss that you so didn’t slap me for.”
“Just shut up and hold me,” she whispered.
He wrapped his arms around her, and she closed her eyes, drifting off to sleep.

* * *
The ground thundered underneath pounding hooves, jolting Sarah out of her sleep. She shook Frank’s arm. “Why are we moving so fast?” She moved one of the haystacks over and peeked out. She saw no trees, just the rising light of morning spilling through the clouds. She realized she must have slept all night.
The horses neighed and came to a stop in a meadow at the border of a towering forest. “We have a big problem,” said Jules in a rushed tone.
Frank jumped off the wagon. “What’s up?”
The king’s voice rolled across Sarah’s mind. Please stop running. You’re going to get us both killed stepping into enemy territory. She reasoned that if he was so worried about getting killed, he shouldn’t have his men chasing her into dangerous zones. He would have been safe and sound if he’d just stayed in his fancy castle. A picture sharpened into focus, and Sarah felt like she was up in a helicopter looking down; there were swirls of dust, knights, swords, crossbows, spears, and war-adorned horses. Millions stretched out across the land, thundering toward them. An icy chill ran through her, and panic ensued. “The king’s men are close! He didn’t just send a platoon. He sent his entire freaking army!”
“For one person? How do you know?” Jules asked.
“I saw a vision.”
Frank shook his head. “Visions? How’s that humanly possible?”
“I’ve been trying to outrun a few soldiers for an hour now through shortcuts. I didn’t know he had his army after us.” Jules took a breath, his voice frantic. “Our only choice is to take another short cut, through Shadow Forest. If we take the long way around, we’ll be caught.”
“Cut through the forest then,” Sarah said. “They’re coming! Legions of them!”
Jules looked at her like she’d said the most taboo thing in the world. “It is forbidden. If we get caught, we’re dead. Then again, if the king’s men catch us, we’re dead anyway.” He glanced away. “Either way, we’re dead.”
“We can’t sit here and wait for the king’s men to kill us,” Frank said.
Sarah shot him a look. “Or steal this ring off my hand. We can’t wait here like sitting ducks. I say we take our chances in the forest.”
“You don’t know what you’re asking,” Jules said. “Even the king’s men won’t follow us in there.”
“Perfect,” Sarah said.
Jules stepped back. “I’m not taking one step into those woods. Nobody—and I mean nobody—ever comes out alive.”
“You said we’d be dead only if we get caught,” said Frank. “We won’t get caught if they won’t follow us in.”
“I’m not doing it.” Jules ran a hand through his blond hair. “You two are crazy!”
No, crazy is sitting here and handing ourselves over on a silver platter to a bunch of psychopathic swordsmen. “Please take the chance, Jules, or I swear I’m going to knock you out and carry you over my shoulder into that forest.”
“I won’t be the cause of your death,” Jules said. “The more I think about it, King Victor might kill Frank and me, but he won’t kill you, as long as you beg him for mercy.”
“Now’s not the time to play martyr,” Sarah hissed.
Jules threw his hands up. “You’ll fare better with your husband than this forest. I can assure you of that.”
“My fake husband. And remember, I deserted him on his wedding night,” Sarah said. “Nobody does that. He’ll make an example out of me.”
Frank grabbed Jules’s shoulder, shaking it furiously. “We don’t have time for your superstitious bull crap. Give us two horses or I’m taking them!”
Hooves echoed off in the distance, and Sarah swallowed. “They’re getting closer!”
“Take us in the woods, Jules,” Frank demanded. “You’re playing with our lives here, and this isn’t a freaking game!”
Jules pivoted back, fear etched in his features. “You’ll be slaughtered.”
“By what?” Sarah asked, her eyes wide. “Tell us what we’re up against.”
“Magical beings,” he answered. “They turn into different forms.”
“Frank shot him an amused look. “Shape-shifters? How do you know they even exist if no one has ever made it out of there alive to tell the tale?”
“They’re real!” said Jules.
“Nonsense!” Frank yelled. “Get these horses moving NOW!”
“He might have a point. Something in there is scaring these people.” Sarah looked off into the distance; she could make out men heading toward them on horseback.
“Have you seen these ‘shape shifters’ with your own eyes?” Frank asked.
“No,” Jules said. “Anyone who has ever lain eyes on them is dead.”
Frank pointed toward the forest. “I’ll take my chance with them.”
He started to frantically unloosen the reins when Sarah grabbed his arm. “I’m not leaving Jules here to die.”
“I’m not getting my head chopped off just because he’s afraid of some stupid myth. That king’s not laying one of his filthy fingers on you, Sarah!”
She glanced over her shoulder. Thousands of mounted soldiers thundered into the open field where they stood. A shiver slid up her spine, and she pointed toward the forest.
Arrows flew over their heads, and Sarah ducked behind the wagon.
“Forget the horses!” shouted Frank. “RUN!”




Chapter 8

Sarah couldn’t believe she had defied all reason and escaped the king’s clutches. Thinking back, she doubted she could do it again a second time. Nevertheless, that was all the more reason to get moving and escape all the madness. The king’s men were gaining on them, getting closer and closer. She took a steadying breath. It was like she had been thrown into some horror flick set in the Old West, minus the Indians and add the knights. She set her jaw and sprinted for the front of the wagon, dashing for the high seat and grabbing the reins all in one fluid moment that would have made any stunt double proud. “Come on! I can drive this thing.” She hoped Jules would cooperate and hop onboard. If he doesn’t, I’m gonna have to throw him in the wagon myself, she thought, determined to have things her way.
The horse neighed, ready to jump into motion. The cart rolled into gear, but it was way too slow. If the horse didn’t speed up, they’d be back in a cell within minutes…or dead.
From the corner of her eye, she caught Jules waving his hands. “What!?” she yelled.
“Get off of there, you two!”
“Why?” She glared at him as if he was insane. Maybe he was sick and tired of running, but giving up without a fight wasn’t her style. She started to yell but instead switched to a soft voice since yelling at him hadn’t accomplished anything. What is that they always say? “It’s easier to catch flies with honey than with vinegar”? Well, personally, I’d rather just swat him, but…”Jules, dear, you already said we’re dead either way. Let’s live for a few more hours, take the gamble. If not for yourself, then do so for Mia. Please? She doesn’t want to see you die…and neither do I.”
“Perhaps you’re right. But you must move over. I’m driving,” Jules said.
Sarah stifled her satisfied smile and crawled to the back of the wagon, adjusting her dress as she sat on top of the haystacks next to Frank. Somewhere in the distance, shouts echoed and dogs barked, and she knew their pursuers might be there within seconds. “Get a move-on, then, Jules,” she muttered under her breath.
The agitated horses neighed and abruptly stopped, stomping their hooves. Jules snapped the reins. “Come on!”
But the horses didn’t want any part of crossing the perimeter into the mysterious forest. Sarah had to wonder if they sensed something she couldn’t. Glancing over her shoulder again, she gasped. Horsemen were less than 200 feet away, the sun glinting off of the polished metal of their armor. She could hear the troop leader call his men to arms. Their galloping hooves kicked up clouds of dust as they thundered along, just as it had in her vision. The dust made her eyes water. She ran a hand over her face, rubbing, but the friction only made it worse. “They’re coming!” she shouted. “Get those horses moving!”
Jules gave a curt whistle and snapped the reins again. The horses snorted, and the wagon lurched forward. He tried to steer them into the forest, maneuvering through the giant ferns. “I hope you know you’re ordering us to our doom!”
“No, Jules, doom is coming up behind us. I think the king’s wrath is far worse than anything we’re going to find in there,” Frank reasoned.
Sarah glanced behind her and scanned for anybody following them. “Do you think they will follow us into the forest?”
“I don’t think so,” Frank said. “Look how scared Jules is—and even the horses. I think they’ll respect the myth simply because they fear it. Walking into this forest is a death sentence, in their opinion anyway.”
Sarah blinked as every detail along the forest’s edge sharpened into focus: the feathery green of a fern, the uneven bark of a tree, even a tiny, six-legged insect scurrying across a red-veined leaf. Unless she had suddenly developed superhero vision, this couldn’t be.
Sunlight shimmered through the towering trees, and a blanket of cold, damp fog surrounded them, sending goose-bumps up and down her shivering arms. The wagon bounced down the rocky path as the horses galloped on. Shivering, she pulled her hood up around her ears to keep warm.
Frank squeezed her hand and pulled her down into the haystacks. “No use getting yourself all worked up. I’ve learned a lot in my years of reporting, Sarah, and one of them is that magical beings don’t exist.”
“Like the Immortals?”
“I don’t believe that crap for a minute. I’ve learned to accept that other dimensions are possible and that unidentified primates can world-hop, but immortality? Not even you could believe something so ridiculous, right?”
“I’d like to believe that the rulers here made the Immortals up to keep their subjects in line, but I’m hearing voices in my head and seeing things, Frank.” Wait…did I just admit that to him? He’s gonna be looking for a medieval straightjacket if I don’t learn to keep my mouth shut.
“Seeing things? Hmm. Maybe this dimension is doing weird things to our bodies. Maybe the electric and magnetic fields are off. I mean, we weren’t born here. It could take some physiological toll on us.”
She could only hope that was the truth. The wagon jerked, and Sarah bounced off a haystack. Putting out her hands, she landed on Frank’s chest. “What the heck was that?”
“I dunno, but the wagon stopped.”
While trying to keep her balance, Sarah climbed onto the haystacks and looked at the wagon seat. Jules was nowhere in sight. She glanced at Frank with a confused look on her face. “Where the heck did our driver go? You think he jumped ship…er, uh, wagon?”
“Let’s check it out,” he said, reaching into the hay and pulling out the tranquilizer gun.
“You still have that?”
“Heck yeah! Who knows when we’ll need it? And now might be just the occasion.”
Sarah jumped off the side of the cart and walked to the front. “Easy, boy. It’s okay.” She patted one of the horses, then looked around into the thick blanket of fog. “Jules?”
An icy wind blew across her face, followed by a menacing whisper in her ear. “Gettt ooout…”
She gasped, her heart pounding a million miles a minute.
The horses neighed and kicked wildly, almost as if they’d heard it, too, as if they sensed another frightening presence.
“Something’s spooking the horses,” said Frank, appearing beside her.
“Yeah. I…we heard a voice.”
“A voice? What did it sound like?” he asked.
“A whisper…like a ghost. Frank, do you think this forest is really haunted? Like you said, we weren’t born here, and the people who were probably know more about the place than we do.”
“I really don’t want to find out,” said Frank, pointing the gun into the forest. “Get back in the wagon. We’re getting out of here. Time for Plan B…as soon as I think of one.”
Snap! A branch broke amongst the foliage.
Sarah’s heart thumped wildly. She spun in a slow circle, scanning the dark area. “H-hello?” she stuttered, terrified.
Eerie whispers echoed from all around, as if invisible beings were speaking directly in her ear. Shadows drifted in the trees all around them, causing the hair at the nape of Sarah’s neck to stand on end. “Do you…you hear that? Those voices?”
“I don’t hear anything.”
“You sure? They’re everywhere,” she said, aghast that he couldn’t hear them. Maybe I’m losing it, having some kind of a breakdown, Sarah thought. She gripped his arm tightly. “Oh gosh, Frank. There’s something wrong…with my brain.”
“No, I think you’re all right. There is something off in this place though,” said Frank. “We’d better high-tail it out of here…like NOW!”
“What about Jules? We can’t just leave him behind, Frank. I couldn’t do that to Mia, not after all she risked to help me.”
A slow growl echoed through the air.
Sarah froze. “Wh-what was that? And please tell me you heard it too.”
“Yeah, I heard it all right. Sounded like some kind of wild animal.” Frank’s hand tightened around hers. “Let’s get out of here!”
“But Jules is—”
A deep growl rumbled from the vegetation. Sarah glanced up just as a black wolf, the size of a lion, lurched through the ferns toward her. Sarah staggered back against the wagon, gasping. Eyes blazing, body tensed, the furry beast bared his teeth. She suddenly felt like she was playing Little Red Riding Hood in virtual 3D—complete with dark forest, hooded cloak, and the big, bad wolf with real sharp teeth to eat her with. She took a deep breath to calm her racing heart. “Back up slowly…very slow,” she whispered, hoping Frank could hear her. Her hands were clammy, and she had a death-grip on him, even though she knew he would be just as helpless against the wild animal as she was.
The wolf snarled, its top lip quivering over razor-sharp teeth. The horses stood on their hind legs, neighing in terror.
As Sarah looked feverishly for an escape route, she noticed that the fog had mysteriously lifted, and hundreds of wolves surrounded the wagon. “There are so, so many! Wh-where did they all come from?” she muttered, afraid to speak too loudly and set them off.
“Have you ever seen a pack this big?” asked Frank, taking another step back. He pointed the tranquilizer gun directly at the front wolf.
“Never!”
The largest wolf inched closer. It lifted its muzzle to the morning sky and let out a primal howl. The others followed its lead. The bloodcurdling noise sent shivers through Sarah’s body.
“Get back on the wagon,” Frank said. “I’m sure the horses can outrun them.”
“Okay,” she whispered.
A voice thundered inside Sarah’s head. “Leave, and we will tear you to shreds.”
She yanked Frank’s arm, showing him she meant business. “No, Frank, change of plans. We need to stay put.”
“Are you crazy, Sarah? I’m not gonna stand here and become a snack for those—
“Frank! If we move, they’ll kill us.”
“Now’s not the time to freeze up on me, Sarah. Now get on the wagon and let’s go!”
She took a steadying breath. “No, I mean it. I heard them, Frank, crazy as that sounds. They said if we leave, they’ll rip us to shreds.”
“What? Maybe you are losing it, Sarah.”
She slowly met Frank’s gaze. “Listen, I’m going to try and reason with them.”
“But they’re wolves!” he shot back.
“I think this pack’s intelligent. Maybe they’re the shape-shifters Jules warned us about.”
“It sounds absolutely crazy…but then again, this whole thing is insane. I suppose if you’re hearing voices, maybe they’re trying to talk to you telepathically.”
Sarah gazed into the black eyes of the alpha male, or so she assumed. “We mean no harm. We were being chased. Our lives were in danger, and we had nowhere else to go. We beg you for sanctuary.”
Frank nudged her. “No, Sarah, not sanctuary. Ask for safe passage.”
She bowed deeply. “We throw ourselves at your mercy and ask for safe passage.” She felt like an idiot. I’m standing here talking to a pack of wolves, begging for protection and mercy? I wonder if there’s a padded cell in that dungeon back there. Maybe they should call in the royal shrink.
The image of the wolf flickered like a television transmission that was about to be interrupted, and a light formed where the animal’s chest was, spreading across its shaggy fur until it morphed into the nearby leaves and passed on to the other animals. Sarah blinked against the glaring brightness and raised a shaky hand to cover her eyes, but her curious nature wouldn’t allow her to avert her gaze completely. The image flickered more, shifting and elongating, until it burst into thousands of particles. In that instant, every wolf turned into a person.
Sarah’s heart trembled at the sight of a tall, copper-skinned man dressed from head to toe in jet black. He looked like an Indian from an old Western movie with his black and white feathered headdress, heavily outlined eyes, his strong jaw, and the stripes and spots painted on his face. Sarah took a deep breath and glanced at Frank. “What the heck?”
Ignoring Frank, the black-eyed man flipped his long hair over his shoulders and spoke to Sarah in a cool voice. “You know the rules. I can only promise you a quick death.” With lightning speed, he knocked the gun from Frank’s hands.
“No!” Frank yelled. “Don’t you understand? We’re not from here. We don’t know the rules.”
Never taking his eyes off Sarah, the man snarled, “They were communicated to you at the edge of the forest, yet you insisted on breaking them and crossing our border.”
“If you heard all of that, then you know my situation,” Sarah said.
The man ran a long, needle-sharp fingernail across her face and down her throat, making her gasp. A tad more pressure, and he could slice right through her skin. “I only know you’re being pursued. I don’t care by whom…or why.”
A woman dressed in the same black leather outfit with more feathers than a Las Vegas showgirl marched forward, holding a gold dagger to Jules’s throat.
Sarah put her arm around Jules. He sucked in air like he’d just run a marathon. “Yes,” she said. “He is with us, and he did try to warn us.”
The alpha male touched Jules’s forehead, then Frank’s, and finally hers. “You’re all marked for death.”
Jules dropped to his knees, and Frank clenched his fists.
Maybe Jules had a good point about not setting foot in the forest, but what else were we supposed to do? Let the knights drag us back to face the jilted king’s wrath? He was a powerful ruler and wouldn’t forgive her for such an act of treason. Besides that, his reputation was at stake; if he didn’t punish her, he’d appear weak, and no king could afford that.
The shape-shifter whipped out a dagger and held it to Jules’s neck. “You’ll be the first to go, since you were the one who gave in like a weakling, knowing the rules, and drove them into the forest.”
Jules gasped.
Sarah gripped his arm and pulled. “Let him go! I made him come in here. If you must punish someone, kill me. He’s done nothing wrong.”
“That can be easily arranged.” Lunging forward, he gripped her throat and squeezed, his nails digging into her soft flesh.
Sarah struggled to take a trembling breath.
The shape-shifter held a cold blade against her throat. “This will teach you humans not to trespass on my territory.”
Sarah gasped as much as she could, her heart drumming in her chest. A burning sensation—hot, deep, and piercing—spread across the fingers of her left hand and quickly intensified. She touched the ring, grunting as she collapsed. “My hand! It’s on fire. Get this thing off me.”
“Sarah, are you okay?” Frank’s voice seemed to come from far away.
She strained her eyes to catch a glimpse of him, but she couldn’t think further than the piercing pain. “Get it off me, Frank!” She met Jules’s gaze as she desperately tugged at the ring, trying to slide it off her finger. It looked like she was going to need a whole tub of butter or a pan of grease to get the jewelry off. It was stuck, as if it had been cemented to her finger permanently. “Why is it hurting me?” she asked. “And why won’t it come off?”
“I-I don’t know,” Jules said, his eyes wide.
Sarah bit her lip, refusing to cry out as the shape-shifter twisted her wrist. Her trembling calmed some when she saw his arrogant grin falter. As his black gaze fell on the ruby ring on her finger, she heard him mutter with astonishment, “You wear the mark of the Immortals! You…you are an Immortal?” It was like a magnet, drawing him in.
The pain left Sarah’s hand as quickly as it came. Stunned, she shoved her hand toward him. “If you can get it off, it’s all yours—as long as you let us go on our merry way.”
“But that’s our key!” Frank said.
Jumping to her feet, she shot him a glare. “What good is a key if we’re dead?”
The shape-shifter thrust her hand upward, jerking her off balance and causing her to fall against his sturdy chest. Black feathers from his outfit swept across her cheek. He yelled to his people, “She wears the mark of the Immortals!”
Gasps and murmurs erupted as shock registered on every face.
Sarah held her breath, wondering what that yell might imply. They might decide to try and kill her any moment.
His gaze locked on her for a moment, impenetrable and blank, just as guarded as his attitude. Then he bowed, and the hundreds of others scattered about the woods followed suit.
Sarah’s mouth dropped. This must be what it’s like to be royalty…but I’m not. She wasn’t keen on all the attention either. “Let’s not make a big fuss. Please rise.”
The shape-shifter scrambled to his feet. “Oh, Highness, I beg your forgiveness and understanding. If I’d have killed you, I would’ve brought the entire wrath of the Immortal world down on my head. Which tribe do you belong to?”
Sarah glanced at Frank, and he gave her the look to play along. “King Victor Fesque is…he’s my husband.” Husband. Even still, the words sounded awkward coming out of her mouth.
The woman gasped. “Fesque? He’s next in line to take over the Cardashian Court once King Taggert dies…and that won’t be long now.”
The wolf man’s eyes widened as full-blown acknowledgement registered on his face. “You are married to one of the most powerful men in our world, and I must respect your position as such. My name is Titano, and this is my wife Lana.”
Sarah smiled. “It is such an honor to meet both of you.”
The woman eyed Sarah up and down, focusing on the ring on Sarah’s finger as though she doubted its meaning. Eventually, she nodded, though it was clear she was still unconvinced. “If she is what she says she is, we can’t afford any trouble with Victor. The Cardashian Court will stop at nothing to avenge her if she is truly his bride. Besides, the rules don’t apply to her, as they are only meant for regular humans. Titano, we have no choice other than to spare her life.”
The man nodded, his gaze focused on Sarah. “I don’t need to start a war with the Immortals with your blood on my hands. My Queen, I am happy to offer you the safe passage you have requested.”
“And my friends?”
He didn’t even blink. “I am afraid they are still marked for death.”
A cold chill ran down her spine. No! She couldn’t lose Frank and Jules. She decided that if they were going to force her to play the part of the queen, she was going to use it to her advantage. It was time for another Oscar-worthy performance. “That is unacceptable, Titano. I will not have my loyal servants slaughtered and devoured before my very eyes.”
“Are you forcing my hand, my Queen?” asked Titano.
“I am.” She met his gaze, narrowing her eyes in anger, hoping he wouldn’t see through her. “If you harm one hair on their heads, I shall send my husband back here, and he will come with vengeance and his wife’s rage to motivate him. I assure you, shape-shifter, that it will not be pretty if he has to go to those measures because of your disobedience to my direct commands.”
Lana grabbed her husband’s arm, her black eyes wide. “King Victor isn’t an Immortal we can afford to anger, Titano. Just let them go! They are not worth the casualties of the war he will wage if these servants have a special bond with him as well.”
“Yeah,” said Frank, sounding far too twenty-first century. “King Victor and I go way back.”
The man looked at Frank, then at Jules, and finally at Sarah. “My wife has spoken wisely. You may go—all of you.” He picked up the tranquilizer gun and handed it back to Frank. “Take your weapon with you. We have no need of it, for we are well capable of defending ourselves and our land.”
“Thank you. Your wisdom and obedience are to be commended.” Sarah took a few slow steps back, then quickly jumped on the back of the wagon and crawled into the cubbyhole with Frank right behind her. She peeked out and watched as Jules climbed onto the high wagon seat and whistled to the horses. He pulled the reins, and once again, they were trotting, bouncing, and jerking their way through the bumpy forest terrain. This time, though, they were escorted by hundreds of wolves, perhaps thousands, running and darting through the trees.
Streams of sunlight glistened through the branches and leaves as Jules crossed the border of the woods into a huge meadow. The wolves no longer followed; instead, they sat like trained dogs at the edge of the tree line.
Sarah’s stomach churned, and bile threatened to erupt at any moment. She’d known all along that Victor wasn’t just a regular kind of husband, and that had been acceptable because she didn’t want him, didn’t want the kind of life he offered. But as the lucky trio left the cursed forest behind, something else dawned on her. Even though he wasn’t technically part of her life because their marriage was a scam, he still held power over her life. The shape-shifters had let them go only because they feared Victor’s wrath. It defied all logic, and she had to admit that maybe the whole Immortal part wasn’t a figment of everyone else’s imagination. Maybe I do share a bond with him that everyone here truly fears—and maybe that’s exactly what I need to find my sister and get us out of this crazy place. Then again, maybe I am crazy and am just dreaming the whole thing up. Bring the royal meds, please!
* * *
A cool breeze blew through the haystacks as Jules steered the horses through the open field to the next town. “Frank!” Sarah called.
He didn’t reply.
She poked him in the ribs. “What’s wrong with you?”
He turned, a frown crossing his forehead.
“What’s wrong?” she asked.
He shook his head. “I just watched a wolf change into a man right before my eyes. I guess I’m a little freaked out. Who wouldn’t be, given the situation? I’m trying to hold it together for you, but just don’t expect my undying enthusiasm at our prospects anytime soon.”
She opened her mouth to speak, but he cut her off.
“No, don’t even try to explain this whole mess, because you know you can’t. Let’s just figure out a way to find your sister and get the hell out of here.”
“Forget the pack of wolves. I have a feeling we’ll soon have bigger problems than a bunch of weird people howling at the moon. For starters, we’re a million miles away from the portal—not to mention I’m a runaway queen, and there’s a dangerous man after us.” Her chest heaved with each breath. “If Victor’s men catch us, we’re dead. Frank, we can’t afford to waste time whining or feeling sorry for ourselves. We have to stay focused here. If we don’t make it, it’ll only be because you’re sending off those fear-vibes. Even a mouse could pick those up from a mile away, and the mice are probably telepathic here too.”
“The king’s guys are not going to catch us,” Frank retorted. “All we have to do is stay one step ahead of him.”
“He’s an Immortal, Frank,” she said. “We, on the other hand, are not.”
He reached for her hands, forcing her to face him. “You don’t believe that bull, do you? Nobody lives forever, Sarah.”
“I thought it was all a joke too…” She pointed at the forest. “…until I saw them. They said I have the mark of the Immortals. This ring belongs to them, not us, and we stole it. It’s grand theft jewelry, Frank, and I doubt they live by the fair trial rule. In fact, I’m sure they’re quite okay with cruel and unusual punishment.”
“Big dungeon time, huh?” Frank winked, amused.
Sarah shook her head. A few wolf people had him running for the hills, but the psychic bond she was beginning to feel with the king was beyond his rational comprehension. “Try execution, medieval style. We didn’t just steal it from anybody, like a local merchant or something. We had to involve the local mob boss, the freaking godfather.”
Frank glanced down at her finger. “We’ll give it back as soon as we use it to open the portal. Heck, we can even leave a note. What’s so special about it anyway? It looks pretty, uh…gaudy and normal, like something out of a thrift store or Halloween costume shop.”
Sarah twisted a strand of hair around her finger, biting her lip as she considered her words. Frank was freaked out already, but he had a right to know. “There’s nothing normal about it, in spite of its looks. When Victor slipped it on my finger, I felt a weird electricity racing through me.”
“Maybe just cold feet?”
“What?” She peered at him, confused.
“You know…cold feet because you were getting married.”
She rolled her eyes. “Frank, can you be serious for just one minute? I honestly don’t want to wear anything that belongs to somebody who’s not human. Maybe you can keep it safe for us. Just let me get it off.”
He nodded. “I’ll put it in my pocket.”
She tugged, eager to slide it down her finger, but like before, it wouldn’t budge. “Shoot! I still can’t get it off!”
“Are you sure? Let me try,” Frank said. When she held out her hand, he pulled hard. “Nope. A little butter might do the trick. It’s been around since biblical times.”
“Get it off me, Frank!” She stuck her finger in her mouth, biting the band and pulling. “It’s not working. This darned thing almost burned my hand off back there!”
“I thought you were just pretending, stalling for time.”
“Nope,” she whispered. “That was real.”
He gripped the band and started tugging again, harder this time. “Geesh. Didn’t the king bother having it sized first? How the heck did he even manage to fit it over your knuckle to put it on you?”
“Aren’t you hilarious?” She slapped his arm.
“I’m serious, Sarah. You could die from a blood clot.”
Wait…could that really happen? She regarded him, taking in the creased skin around his eyes, as dark as pools.
“Calm down. I’m only joking,” Frank continued. “Leave it on for now, and we’ll worry about it when we reach the next town. Hopefully it won’t start burning your finger again.”
“It’s just so…so weird, Frank.” Her heart pounded in her chest as she turned to face him, realization dawning on her. “Do you think he’ll find out the truth?”
“You mean that you’re not who he thinks you are? You tried to tell him, but he wouldn’t listen. He didn’t give you much choice, did he?”
“I guess not.” Sarah crawled out of their hole and climbed on top of one of the haystacks. She pondered as the wind whipped through her hair and the sun beat down on her face. The horses neighed, making her jump as the wagon ploughed through a meadow of purple and yellow wildflowers. The sweet scent drifted all around her.
“Even if he does find out, he won’t know where we are.” Frank shook his head. “I’m not scared of him.”
“Those shape-shifters were! They sure didn’t want to piss him off, and I’m sure they must have good reasons. Even if we escape from here, maybe Victor can follow us through the portal. He has the key to open it up.” She threw her hands in the air. “This crap might follow us right back home and bite us in the butt!”
“He only married you because he wants to make Princess Gloria’s dad pay. When he finds out you’re not the king’s daughter, he’ll realize his plan’s been foiled. His revenge game plan of tainting the pure bloodline won’t work, because you’re not Princess Gloria. He will have no reason to waste his time and risk his men’s health coming after us through the portal.”
She glanced down and wiggled her finger. “I have his mark glued on my finger for all of eternity.”
Frank rolled his eyes. “You’re getting a little extreme, babe.”
The soft glow of morning light cast a brilliant shimmer on the blossoming trees. A strong scent of manure wafted past as the wagon raced through the meadow. One good bump, and she’d go flying over the pane, but she didn’t care. All Sarah wanted at that moment was answers. She sat up, her back straight, as she hung on to the haystacks for dear life. “Hey, Jules, what do you know about this ring?”
He steered the reins and glanced over his shoulder. “Not much—just that the Immortals are only allowed to marry once in their lifetime, and when they do, they’re given the ancient ruby ring.”
“Why would Victor waste his only shot at marriage on a stranger he doesn’t love, one he thinks is the daughter of his archenemy?” Frank asked, pulling himself on top of a haystack next to her.
“I told you earlier,” Sarah said. “It’s about revenge. He wanted me to have a whole herd of his babies—to mess up the pure bloodline in their family. Bloodline’s a big deal with these royal types.”
Frank nodded. “I know, but it seems like there’s more to it than that. If this Victor’s an Immortal, how can he have kids?”
“They can,” Jules said through the pounding hooves.
“That’s hard to wrap my mind around,” Frank said.
“Does this ruby hold any sort of power?” Sarah asked. She twisted her finger to catch the sunlight at just the right angles, watching the gemstone reflect the bright rays.
“I don’t know,” Jules said, “but the wearers have some kind of psychic connection.”
She knew how ridiculous it was to believe in psychic powers captured in a ring, but she had also never seen a ring that just wouldn’t come off, no matter how hard she tugged or tortured her finger. She’d also never heard of shape-shifting wolves before. She was beginning to think anything and everything was possible in this strange new—or old—world. Leaning forward, interested, Sarah cocked a brow. “What does that connection do?”
Jules shook his head.
Boy, he’s not much help, is he? They can manufacture magic rings around here but can’t invent Google so I can look all this up? Hmm. “You said all the Immortals receive a ring like this,” Sarah continued. “Can a human even wear one?”
Jules hesitated. “I’m not sure how it works. The Immortals are very private. They live in a secretive world, following their own set of rules. I do know that every country in our world is under the rule of King Taggert, who resides over the Cardashian Court. I also know that King Victor is rumored to be next in line to rule when King Taggert dies. The king is dying, so it won’t be long before Victor takes the mightiest throne.”
Sarah blew out a breath. “Yeah, that was what those shape-shifters said.”
“Well, it’s no surprise King Taggert chose King Victor.”
“Why not? Isn’t there anyone else?”
“Victor is one of the oldest and strongest men in our world. He’s very powerful, rules with an iron fist, and is feared by all.”
“Yet you risk your life and face his wrath for us?” Frank asked.
“I’ll do anything for Mia,” Jules said, his gaze focused on the road ahead. “I love her.”
“Wait…did you just say Victor’s one of the oldest? How old is the guy?”
“I’ve no idea,” Jules said. “Maybe centuries.”
Just my luck again, Sarah thought. Not only am I married to a psycho, stuck with his weird magic ring, but he’s an old man with one foot inside the grave, and he just won’t ever die. Victor had captured and kidnapped Sarah in broad daylight, but still, she had to ask, “Are the Immortals like vampires or something? I need to know if Victor plans on biting me. Am I gonna start sparkling in the sun, sport some new fangs, and making blood my new choice of drink?”
Jules laughed, looking a bit confused. “Fangs? No, no, nothing like that—at least not that I’ve heard.”
Sarah pressed a hand against her chest. “Thank goodness!”
“In most regards, the Immortals are just like us,” continued Jules. “They eat, sleep, laugh, and cry. The only difference is that thousands of years ago, they somehow tapped into the power of immortality. According to legend, they took over every country in our world and have ruled with an iron fist ever since.”
“Do the Immortals have any, uh…superpowers?” Frank asked.
“Yeah, and they can do weird things with their minds, like make somebody see visions or—”
“I had one of those! I saw the king’s knights and horses before they got near us,” Sarah said, her voice rising an octave. “I very vividly saw them coming, and I even heard Victor’s voice. I think this is…for real.”
Frank shook his head. “I know you’ve mentioned it a million times, but I find the notion of an Immortal king chasing us a little hard to swallow.”
“Think about it, Frank. We’re not in our world anymore. Things are different here. We have to open up our minds to the unexplainable, which I know is a big leap for you.” Glancing down, she whispered, “I’m just wondering how a human like me managed to put on their magic ruby ring in the first place without bursting into flames or something.”
“You know what that proves, right?” Frank said, always the skeptic.
“No. What?”
“That any ordinary person can put one on, which means those people are about as Immortal as me.”
“Can you two please go back into hiding?” Jules asked. “We’re still in Tastia. I will take you as far as Dornia, but then you will be on your own.”
Sarah shrugged. “Sure. I need to forget about all this strange stuff anyway and focus on finding my sister.”





Chapter 9

From the other side of the narrow wooden door, worn with time, Sarah had no idea what would await her inside the local pub. She stepped into the large hall, dirt crunching beneath her booted feet, and stopped to take in the vaulted ceilings and crowded space. Countless tables faced the tarnished wooden bar. Roars of laughter and conversation echoed through the air. Flames flickered from candles in iron chandelier-like wall sconces on the stone walls. Sarah had always thought of candlelight dinners as romantic occasions, but watching a large man with greasy hair bite into a giant drumstick changed her opinion in a hurry. The delicious aroma of freshly baked bread and roast beef wafted into her nostrils, making her stomach growl in spite of the crude and unsanitary atmosphere.
Jules went to place the order for their feast, and Sarah and Frank walked past long banquet tables filled with customers she could swear were wearing outfits straight out of Hollywood. They weren’t dressed fancy like the people in Victor’s ballroom. The women wore long, simple dresses, while the men were garbed in itchy-looking wool breeches with a tunic or doublet and cloaks with a simple belt.
A tall woman seated them at a dark wooden table, on long benches draped in animal furs. It looked as though the woman wore two braids, one on each side, and then wrapped them around her head like a headband and tucked them into place, like some kind of milk maid. Sarah smiled at the lady sitting next to her on the bench, taking in the deep wrinkles running across her forehead and face.
The woman returned the smile, revealing crooked yellow teeth. “Don’t order the peacock, milady. It’s tough as leather and tasty as one’s sandals.”
Wait…these people eat peacocks? I thought they were only for showing off their pretty feathers in the zoo! I’d rather eat sandals! Sarah smirked. “Thank you. I’ll keep that in mind.”
The old woman inched closer and patted Sarah’s hand as she mumbled, “I hope you’re not into dark meat either, love. The pigeon’s too salty here.”
“I’ll take that into consideration as well,” Sarah said, cringing at the thought of eating such a dirty, messy bird that leaves feathers and feces everywhere it goes.
Frank glanced over at the woman. “How’s the dragon-tail soup?”
“Stop it.” Sarah nudged Frank playfully as she peered around. “Look how crowded this place is. This tavern must be the happening place.”
“Yeah, it’s definitely the medieval hotspot. The only thing missing is the flamethrower…and maybe the jester.” Frank slid in next to Jules and smiled. “I hope these furs don’t have fleas.”
“Thanks, Frank,” Sarah said. “Now I’m going to start itching.”
“Don’t worry, honey,” the old lady said. “The furs have been treated with wormwood. Fleas and moths are not keen on it.”
“Wormwood?” Sarah stood and waved her hand, trying to get the woman’s attention. “Waitress…um, I mean, wench, we don’t need luxury seating. We’d prefer a nice hard bench.”
“Relax,” Frank said. “It’s some kind of plant or herb.”
Sarah sat down. “I knew that.” She chuckled.
Minutes later, a lady in a red velvet dress with a black lace-up waistcoat brought drinks in wooden mugs, along with a generous platter of raw vegetables, fruit, a loaf of bread, and some kind of braised meat on a bed of prunes and cedar nuts.
Jules ripped off a golden-brown leg and bit into it like a starving homeless man. “I hope you will enjoy the duck. Eat, drink, and be merry.”
Sarah laughed and looked around for a plate, napkins, or silverware. “Um, are there utensils we can use, or are we supposed to go at it caveman style?”
“Utensils, miss? Why do you think God gave us hands?” Jules asked between mouthfuls of food.
Frank reached for a piece of meat. “The fork’s still centuries away from sitting in a silverware drawer, Sarah. Just dig in like he said. We’re sitting on animal skins, for God’s sake. I don’t think manners are all that important here.”
“If you don’t mind, then I don’t. Just don’t wipe your greasy hands on my cloak.” She bit into a drumstick and smirked as the food stuck between her teeth. Eventually, she managed to swallow and put the meat aside.
“Don’t like it?” Frank asked.
“Well, for starters, it’s cold.”
“Maybe they could pop it in the microwave for a few seconds.” Frank tore off a piece of bread and dunked it into the meat grease.
“I guess beggars can’t be choosers.” Sarah laughed as she popped a plum into her mouth.
“Better get used to it. You’re not gonna survive on celery and plums, Your Highness.”
“What is this microwave you speak of?” Jules asked.
Sarah met Frank’s gaze. “You do the talking.”
“Well, it’s a kind of box, you see, and…well, I suppose you’d probably think it’s magic or something, but you put food in it, and it zaps it hot.” Frank bit into his pear, signaling the end of the conversation, but Jules didn’t seem keen on letting him off the hook.
“So this box carries a magic fire?”
“Maybe it’s best we don’t talk about our world,” Sarah said. “It might blow our cover or at least get us locked up in the medieval cuckoo’s nest.”
“Right. When we’re done eating, maybe we’ll start asking around about Liz,” Frank said. “I’m sure someone knows her or has heard of her.” His investigation skills were kicking in. No matter where—or when—the man went, he was destined to always be 100 percent reporter.
Sarah took a sip of her ale. “Just keep a low profile, okay?”
He grinned. “Yeah, right, like you fit right in here. Okay, I’ll see what I can dig up.”
“Yeah, me too.”
“We should be safe here in Dornia,” Jules said. “Finish your lunch, and then I’ll take you to somebody who might be able to help. After that, you’re on your own.”
“So this is where we part ways?” Frank asked.
Jules nodded. “As I said before, I must head back to my own land. I must find out where my Mia is and be sure she is well.”
“We can’t thank you enough, Jules,” Sarah said.
After eating her meal, she excused herself and squeezed between two long tables, heading for the bar. Folding her hands on the wooden counter, she waved to get the bartender’s attention.
He was a broad man with a black beard. He turned to face her and arched his eyebrow at her inquisitively (or perhaps flirtatiously) as he wiped down the filthy counter with an even filthier rag. “May I help you?”
Sure. Allow me to fill you in on the wonders of antibacterial soap. If you learned a thing or two about germs, perhaps it would eliminate all those plagues running rampant in the history books, she humored herself. “Perhaps you can be of help. I’m looking for a woman named Elizabeth Larker. She goes by ‘Liz’. She’s my sister, one year older, and she looks just like me.”
The man poured a mug of ale, avoiding her gaze. “Never heard of her, miss, but I know there is an Immortal who looks just like you.”
Sarah shook her head. “No, that’s not her. Liz is human.”
“How can she be a human and your sister if you, yourself, are an Immortal?” He looked down at her ring, then back at her face.
She sighed. “It’s a long story, sir, but let me assure you I am not one of them.”
He smirked, then put the rag on the counter and placed his large, hairy hands in front of her, leaning forward as he emphasized each word. “Your finger bears the ruby ring, and you are the spitting image of Princess Gloria. You must be one of them.”
She regarded him intently, trying to make sense of what he was implying. She was obviously not Princess Gloria, and the only person she’d ever known who looked even remotely like her was her sister. Wait…could Liz be…? No way. And if she is, why would she change her name to Gloria? She leaned against the counter, her interest piqued. From the movies, she knew bartenders are the go-to people for everything, so she was sure it couldn’t hurt to ask. “Perhaps you could tell me more about this princess, this Gloria? Was she adopted into the family as a teenager?” Sarah considered the idea that maybe her so-called father, this king, abducted Liz or gave her sanctuary in his kingdom after hearing she came through the portal. Crazier things had happened.
“Adopted?” He scoffed as he used the same dirty rag to wipe down the glasses and mugs—the ones his customers drank from. “No. I worked as a cook in the castle when Princess Gloria was a baby, even courted her nanny for many months. I do know that Gloria moved away to another country when she was twelve, but she recently moved back to spend more time with her family here in Dornia. She’s so grown up now. I saw her last month at a ball at the castle.”
Well, there goes that idea, Sarah thought. There’s no way that could be Liz. “Could you tell me—”
A maid inched closer and whispered to the grizzly barkeep, “You’re not supposed to talk about them.”
The guy nodded, a frown perched between his brows.
Sarah straightened her back, and a determined look came over her face. She was unwilling to drop the topic just yet. “You said—”
The man shook his head. “You may ask all the questions you want, miss, but there’ll be no more answers coming from me, I’m afraid. I have a bar to run here.” His tone was sharp, almost arrogant.
Sarah wondered what had caused the sudden sealing of his lips. “But I just—” Sarah started.
He slammed his fist on the counter. “Just leave! I don’t want any trouble with your race. The last time the Immortals were in here, they tried to kill me with a sword. Your drinks and food are on the house, but I have the right to ask anyone to leave my establishment, and I am asking you to go now.”
Frank approached, touching her shoulder as he whispered in her ear, “Not only does that ring get us out of trouble, but it also gives us all kinds of perks and freebies.”
“Yeah, but Victor should’ve given me a handbook. Clearly this guy doesn’t want to help,” Sarah said.
Frank nodded, frowning. “Yeah. Nobody else is talking either.”
The sound of hooves thundered in the distance. Outside, horses neighed in response. Sarah walked across the room and peeked out the door. The sun glinted off the armor of twenty or so armed knights as they dismounted. She raced back to Frank, her heart racing. “Great! There are soldiers out there—hordes of them.”
“Where?” Frank asked, rising from his stool.
She nodded to the door. “Out there. Look for yourself if you don’t believe me.”
He weaved through the tables, heading for the door. “Don’t worry, I still have the tranquilizer gun.”
Keeping her gaze focused on the entrance, Sarah hurried after him.
“But how? How did they find us?” Frank muttered.
She shrugged, even though he couldn’t see her. “Jules.”
He shook his head. “Those aren’t King Victor’s men. That’s King William’s entourage.”
“How do you know?”
Jules stood behind her, leaning over her shoulder as he pointed out the doorway. “Look at the crest on their armor. See the golden royal eagle?”
She nodded. “Princess Gloria’s father, the ruler of Dornia?”
“Speak of the devil, huh?” Jules turned her to face him, a glint playing in his eyes. “King William Jarod. What are the odds of them turning up at the same moment we did?”
She took a step back, her dress brushing the cool wall as she turned to Frank. “Maybe they’re just coming in for a bite to eat. Just play it cool.”
“But if you look anything like Glor—”
She held up a hand, stopping him mid-sentence as she scanned the room for any other exit. There were no windows and no other doors—not even a trapdoor in the ground. Crap! Don’t they have fire inspections around here! Talk about a fire hazard. “We should sue them.”
“What?” Frank asked, brows furrowed.
“Never mind.” Sarah pulled the hood of her cloak up and returned to her bench with Frank in tow. She took her previous seat next to the old woman, her eyes darting toward the door as she whispered, “The place is surrounded. How the heck are we supposed to bail?”
Frank gripped her hand tightly, forcing her to meet his gaze. “Let’s just wait and see how this plays out. In our world, police stop for donuts, right? Maybe here they stop for drumsticks.”
She nodded in agreement and hid her face as best she could.
A group of knights in chainmail coats stormed in, and the tavern fell silent. The patrons, mostly humble peasants, lowered their eyes to the ground, as if they were trying to be invisible. Sarah’s stomach fluttered uneasily.
“Attention, patrons,” one soldier said. “We’re looking for Queen Gloria Fesque.”
Sarah gasped. Just my luck that they aren’t here for a bucket of extra crispy. Shivers ran up and down her spine as she debated whether to make a run for it or play dumb. As much as she fancied the idea of dashing for the nearest exit, she realized her sprint probably wouldn’t get her further than the nearest table.
“We’ve tracked her here,” the knight continued, whipping out his sword. “Point her out, and we shall leave in peace.”
Sarah’s gaze wandered from the tall, hairy guy to the gleaming blade in his hand, frightening in the dim light. People dropped to the ground, scurrying under tables and whimpering. “Oh my gosh,” whispered Sarah. “Are you telling me I’ve somehow managed to piss off two kings? How’s this possible?”
“You better run, dear,” the elderly woman whispered.
Sarah shot her a sideway glance. “I really am a nice person.” Sarah paused, gathering her thoughts. “Really, I am. Everyone loves me. I don’t make enemies. This is way too much for me.”
“I’d say you’re doing a pretty good job considering you have two of the most powerful Immortals on your tail,” said Jules, “and on mine too,” he added.
The knight wrapped his hand in the serving wench’s hair and yanked, hissing, “Where is she, wench? Tell me, and perhaps you will live to serve these miscreants another day.”
Another knight knocked over a thick pillar candle on one of the tables. “We shall have no regrets burning this hole to ash if that becomes necessary!” he shouted.
Sarah peered up from under her hood at the two women pouring liquid from a brown mug over the smoldering flame that was threatening to ignite a nearby table.
“Tell me if the woman I’m looking for has been here or is in your fine establishment,” the first knight continued.
The wench frowned and looked at Sarah, as if debating whether she should keep quiet or rat her out.
Sarah frowned and bobbed her head ever so slightly, her eyes imploring the woman to keep quiet. Her life depended on the kind stranger.
The knight pulled out his jewel-studded dagger and held it to the woman’s throat.
The hostage’s eyes bulged like a deer in the headlights. Pointing straight at Sarah, the woman said, “She wears the mark of the Immortals.”
The knight threw the woman against a table, sending cups and mugs crashing to the ground. He met Sarah’s gaze. “In the name of the king, you are under arrest for the crime of heresy. You are scheduled for execution. Surrender to me now, and I will make this as painless as possible.”
Wait…did she just tattle on me? What happened to girl power? Aren’t girls supposed to stick together? Sarah shook her head. Boy, she really is a wench. There goes her tip, that’s for sure. Her heart racing, Sarah knelt and crawled under the wooden tables, bumping into everyone’s grubby legs along the way. Jules and Frank trailed close behind. Her hand stuck in something red and gooey, and she quickly wiped it on her cloak, bumping her head. Mice squeaked and squealed, none too happy to be interrupted from their feast of chicken bones, orange peels, and apple cores that littered the ground. She made it to the end of the table and peeked out to meet the eyes of a dreaded knight.
He smiled, showing off the gap where his two missing front teeth used to be. “There she is!” he yelled.
Frank pointed the tranquilizer gun and pulled the trigger. “Go Sarah!”
The knight jumped back startled and pulled the dart out of his chest. Sarah raced for the counter and jumped, easily soaring over it. She’d no idea how she could possibly jump that high, but she was aware that adrenaline could do some crazy things. Landing on her feet, she turned and reached out her hands, dragging Jules over, then Frank. There has to be a way out. There just has to be, she thought.
“I lost the gun!” Frank said. “He kicked it out of my hand.”
The bartender stood in the corner, cowering. “I told you I didn’t want any trouble,” he hissed.
Sarah grabbed his hand and gave it a squeeze. “Please help us. This nutcase is going to kill me.”
“Surely you’re an honorable man, sir. You can’t let them hurt an innocent woman over a case of mistaken identity,” Frank said.
The bartender pointed. “Get to the basement. In the back, under crates of vegetables, is a door that leads to a tunnel,” he whispered.
Everything happened in slow motion. Sarah ran toward the doorway that led to the basement, but she suddenly felt a sharp pain in her back. She spun around to see the knight holding a crossbow. He squinted, as if taking careful aim not to miss his target. Before she could blink, more arrows shot through the air. In the next second, another one pierced her heart. Pain radiated through her chest. Frank and Jules yelled. Patrons screamed. Her breath became labored as she dropped to the ground, her face slamming against the cold, dirt floor.
“Evil must be stopped!” yelled the knight. “Your sacrifice will save our land.”
Sarah groaned inwardly. She didn’t have one evil bone in her body. Scamming the king was wrong, and stealing somebody’s identity was too. She only did it out of desperation to get home, to get out of a world she didn’t belong in. Her vision blurred, and her body went limp. She couldn’t even move a muscle, let alone scream. Blinking, she tried to clear her vision.
“That ain’t happening!” Frank scooped her up in his arms.
A door squeaked open, and footsteps thudded down a steep set of stairs. Sarah could feel her head bouncing back and forth, as if she was some kind of inanimate bobble-head doll on a dashboard.
“Keep going! I’ll hold them back,” yelled Jules, barricading the door behind him with giant jugs of ale that he dragged across the floor.
Sarah drew in a shaky breath as pain rippled across her chest. She let out a small gurgling sound.
“Oh, Sarah,” Frank pleaded, his voice wavering. “Don’t you die on me, girl.”
She reached up to stroke his cheek. “I’m sorry, Frank…so sorry.”
“Hang on!” said Frank, squeezing her hand.
“I’m…I’m dying,” Sarah whispered.
He shook his head vehemently, his eyes wide, teeming with an emotion she couldn’t place. “No! Don’t you say that. Don’t you dare die on me, Sarah.”
Spots danced in her vision. Is this the way it’s going to end? Am I really going to die here, in the basement of some medieval tavern? She didn’t want to die without knowing what had happened to Liz. “When you find my sister, tell her I love her.”
Frank’s voice wavered. “You’re going to tell her that yourself.”
A loud rattle made her jump.
“Those knights pounding on that door might not agree with…with you,” Sarah said with a pained gasp, squeezing Frank’s hand tightly.
“They’re coming!” yelled Jules. “Hurry!”
She choked on a ragged breath. Her vision blurred even more, and she blinked again, to no avail. Voices became faint and then trailed off. And then, there was only darkness.






Chapter 10

Sarah’s eyes fluttered open. Through a foggy haze, she took in the bright light and the brownish stains on her fingers when realization set in: She’d been shot with an arrow—twice. Someone was pushing down hard on her chest, making it very difficult to breathe. Pain flooded her chest, pushing her to the edge of her consciousness. She opened her mouth to speak, but no sound came out.
A voice hissed to her right, the words too low to distinguish. She turned her head sharply, flinching against the sudden jolt of pain rippling through her. “What do you want me to do?!” shouted Jules. “I’m not a healer! She was shot directly in the heart. I’ve never seen anybody survive such an injury, not even for this long.”
“You must know someone who can help,” the first voice said again.
Sarah could hear their voices coming from all directions. She wanted to answer, but the words remained frozen in her throat. The sweet smell of incense filled her nostrils. Beams of light shone down on her. Divine light? Staring upward, she let out a groan. Stained glass…vaulted ceilings. Painted angels? Am I in heaven or on my way there? Being dead would at least end the pain rippling through her, but she still had so much to do. My life can’t end now—not like this.
A picture of a chubby cherub caught her eye. Maybe this is just a renaissance art gallery. She peered closer at the ceiling, which rested on six Tuscan columns of great height. Nice architecture. Soaring round iron candelabras hung from the ceiling, capturing her attention, as she stared at flickering flames, trying to make sense of everything. Light shone through multiple stained glass windows in a hue of vivid, glowing rainbow colors, the sun making the mosaic patterns sparkle and shine. She surmised that she had to be in some kind of church.
“Sarah,” the first voice said.
She turned her head, taking in the blurred shapes. Her gaze sharpened, allowing her to recognize Frank.
He inched closer until his nose was inches away from her face. “We’ll get you out of this…alive.”
“Don’t make promises you may not be able to keep,” Jules said matter-of-factly.
Frank pulled back, hesitating. “I got the arrows out.”
“Yes, but she’s still losing much blood,” Jules said.
She would’ve liked to point out that she could hear every word they said, but somehow it didn’t register with her that they were talking about her. They couldn’t be. Surely I’m not the one hurt and covered in blood. Did he say an arrow went through my…my heart?
“Send for a healer and get me some antiseptic of some sort…you know, something with a high alcohol content,” Frank said.
“You want a drink when your woman is dying?”
“Well I could use a stiff one right about now, but I need it to sterilize the wound.” Frank’s voice echoed through the large room, cutting through the silence like a knife as he jumped to his feet, peering around him. If he was looking for some good old whiskey, he wasn’t likely going to find it there. “It always works in the movies when those cowboys pour moonshine on a bullet wound,” he continued.
“Movies?” Jules asked. “And I know we have wolf people, but what are cow boys?”
Frank dismissed him with a wave of his hand. “It’s not important,” Frank said. “Please just go. Sarah’s life’s at stake.”
“They’re counting on us to look for help. Guards will be stationed all over the healer’s cottage.”
“I’ll go myself then,” Frank demanded.
“Have you gone mad? Perhaps you took an arrow to the head.”
“Just tell me where to go. Please, Jules. I can’t just stand here and watch her die without doing anything. What if it were Mia?”
Sarah moaned. “Bon Jovi would be proud,” she said.
“Huh?” Frank said, kneeling down and grabbing her hand.
“Yeah. Brings a whole new meaning to ‘Shot Through the Heart,” she said, attempting a crooked smile
“Sarah, can you hear me?” Frank asked.
“Did the serving wench pack me a doggy bag?” she whispered. “I wasn’t finished with the duck.”
Smiling, he stroked her face. “Hey, Sleeping Beauty. Welcome back to the land of the living.”
“Frank…” She squinted, her gaze searching his hazel eyes. “Where…where are we? This can’t be heaven. There’s no way they’d let you past the pearly gates.”
He laughed, happy to hear her voice, in spite of her banter. “We’re in a chapel. Jules has a friend who’s a priest.”
Sarah was lying on something hard, a wooden pew. She groaned and tried to move her aching bones. “Surely you could’ve found a rug or something to squeeze under me. My back’s killing me.” Pushing up on her elbows, she sat up and noticed that the room was illuminated with hundreds of candles in the front of the church, placed meticulously around a wooden altar decorated with a gold and white cloth. Her hand flew to where Frank had applied pressure rags. “I should be…dead.” She scrambled to her feet, and the bloody rags fell to the floor. She pulled down the blood-soaked cloak and stared at the gaping wound as it shrank smaller and smaller, finally disappearing right before her eyes. “What the heck?” she gasped between breaths. “What’s going on? The wound’s gone—no redness, no pain, and not even a scar.”
Frank ran a hand over the smooth skin where the wound once was. “How’s this possible?”
Jules looked at Frank, his eyes widening in shock. “It’s true. She’s an Immortal!” He gasped. “She is one of them.”
“What?” Frank asked, his mouth agape with shock. “Because she put on this bubblegum machine ring of his?”
“I don’t get it. Why?” Sarah said, confusion filling her voice. “It’s just a ring.”
Jules lifted her hand, peering down at the jewelry. “This is not just any ring, miss. It’s a powerful, ancient one, thousands of years old, and it obviously carries the power of transforming one into an Immortal being.”
A shudder of fear ran through her. “Get it off right now! Find some grease or butter, whatever it takes!” She pulled at the band with all her might, wincing in pain. “That knight—he said they could stop evil by killing me. What the heck did that mean? Do they think I’m the devil or something?”
“I don’t know, but I am sure they are mistaken. I’ve only known you a short while, but I know you are not evil.” Jules touched her shoulder. “Stop, Sarah. No amount of lubricant will allow you to remove that ring.”
“I didn’t ask for this.” Sarah fell into Frank’s arms, and he held her tight. “Why didn’t Victor warn me I’d become a walking freak show? Although, I guess I should feel grateful. Without this ring, I’d be dead right now.”
“He doesn’t know you are human,” Frank said.
She had no idea Victor was Immortal either, like something straight out of some crazy Highlander movie. He wasn’t going around shouting “There can be only one!” or anything, but maybe I should’ve picked up on some small sign. Her senses had been heightened, but she had assumed that only meant the ring had some strange magical properties. Never in her wildest dreams would she have imagined herself becoming Immortal. “I-I don’t understand any of this.”
Frank ran a hand through her hair. “We’re going to figure this out together, I promise. We’ll undo the ring’s curse somehow, Sarah. There has to be a way. But first, we have to figure out why there’s so much heat on us.” He looked at Jules. “Why are King William’s men trying to kill Sarah?”
His brows furrowed. “I don’t know. Perhaps they are angry because we brought Victor’s wife over here, into their territory.”
“No, that can’t be it. Notice they didn’t shoot us,” Frank said. “Sarah had a bull’s-eye on her back, and they were aiming to kill.”
Jules shook his head. “They hate Victor, and I have no doubt they’d hate his wife too.”
“It must be the reason why Victor warned me not to come to Dornia…into enemy territory. How good is your witness protection program out here?” she joked halfheartedly.
Jules cocked an eyebrow.
Sarah waved her hand. “Never mind. Listen, King William is just mad because I pretended to be his daughter, Princess Gloria. Think identity theft. Maybe I brought disgrace to her name somehow, and that’s why they think I’m evil.”
Snap! Outside, someone or something stepped on a twig.
Frank rose to his feet and motioned for them to be silent. When nothing moved, he inched closer, whispering, “We need a game plan. Let’s find Liz…and quick.”
“But how?” Sarah asked. “Everyone’s after us. I’m on the most wanted lists of two kings.”
“There might be a third party after us as well,” Jules said with a sigh. “Sarah was turned into an Immortal without permission from the Cardashian Court. They’ll send trackers the second they find out, if they haven’t already.”
She slapped her forehead. “You’ve got to be kidding me!”
“The Cardashian Court has their own justice and trials,” Jules said.
“Is Victor in trouble with the court for making me Immortal?” Sarah asked. “Maybe that’s why he’s after me.”
“For payback?” Jules shook his head. “How could he get in trouble? He didn’t knowingly marry a mortal behind their back. He thought he was marrying an Immortal princess. He is guilty of nothing in this. In spite of their propensity for swift justice, even the Cardashians should see that. They are very wise.”
“Then he’s only out for revenge, because we tricked him and likely made a fool of him.” Sarah took a trembling breath, her shoulders slumping. “Can this get any worse? It’s like being chased by the FBI, the police, and the Italian mafia all in one night.”
“Had much experience with any of that?” Frank asked, grinning.
Sarah slapped the back of his head.
He shrugged. “What? At least you don’t need a bulletproof jacket. I’ve heard they are harder to come by than the actual weapons.”
She slugged him again. “Focus, Frank.”
“The Immortals from the Cardashian Court will likely give you a speedy trial and then kill you,” Jules said. “We know King William’s men will definitely kill you. As for King Victor, I don’t know his intentions, but he could be the lesser of the evils. You could have a chance with him—especially if you give yourself up and quit running.”
Sarah rolled her eyes. “Wow. I’m overcome with so many wonderful options, aren’t I? Let’s see…courtroom and likely death, definite death, and making babies with a king I barely know. I’ve no idea which one to choose.”
“Try to look at it from another perspective, Sarah. You didn’t die before. If they try to kill you, you might just weasel out of it with the help of that ring,” Frank said.
Sarah groaned. “Awesome. I’ve always wanted to know what it feels like to be a zombie.”
“Then my advice would be to take your chances with Victor,” Jules said softly.
She glared at him. Take a chance with Victor? She remembered those dangerous eyes he flashed her, warning her not to escape. She also remembered the way he’d gripped her wrist and told her she’d pay dearly if she ever tried. A chill ran up her spine. “No way! I don’t know why or how, but I can feel his anger and bitterness from my betrayal. He is after revenge, and he has a reputation to maintain.”
Jules put a hand softly on her shoulder. “He may spare you. You are his wife…and an Immortal.”
“Yeah, thanks for the reminder,” Sarah said.
“King Victor has the power to sway the Cardashian Court to forgive you, especially when he takes over after King Taggert’s imminent death. That will put him in the perfect position to save your life. Your husband is one of the most powerful men in their group, feared by all. He may be your best bet to surviving all of this.”
She turned away with a shudder. “If he doesn’t kill me the second he sees me.”
“Can she even be killed?” Frank asked.
She nudged him in the ribs, annoyed. “You make me sound like I’m some kind of virus.”
“I’m just saying…” Frank said, effectively dodging another shove. “You might want to put less force into those. I’m not keen on bruises. I have a reputation to uphold too, you know, and getting beaten up by a girl won’t help.”
“I barely touched you.”
He cocked a brow. “Your hours at the gym are starting to pay off then.”
“I only want to look out for Sarah’s best interests,” Jules said. He turned to Frank. “You’ll certainly lose her, but at least she’ll live.”
“Live? Under the rule of a tyrant in some kind of medieval world?” Frank asked. “What kind of life would that be? No. Sarah deserves better, and I promised to get her out of here.”
“Like I said, she’ll live, and so will you.”
“After I stole his bride on his wedding night?”
“He might not even know that you were involved in Sarah’s rescue,” Jules said. “Victor’s her only chance. To get her out of this mess you’ve created, he’s a risk worth taking.”
Frank shook his head vehemently. “No way. I’m not going to stand by and let her throw herself at the mercy of some psychopathic royal pain in the—”
“Frank!” Sarah said, getting tired of being talked about like she wasn’t even there.
“And that’s final.”
She shot him a thankful look. Even though it wasn’t really his business, she appreciated how adamant he was about keeping her safe, as if he truly cared for her wellbeing. “I don’t think the king wants me back. I might’ve called him Vic one too many times,” she said. “He really hates that. I’m not sure he’d be very forgiving or eager to experience marital bliss with someone he’s already threatened to kill.”
Jules snorted. “Vic? You called him that, yet you’re still breathing? You must have a brilliant guardian angel.”
Sarah smirked. “More likely it’s because my boobs were half falling out of that wedding gown. What’s with those corsets anyway?”
Jules’s cheeks flushed, and he cleared his throat, signaling that a change in subject was imminent. “You could use your, um, queenly influence to strike a deal to see Frank sent safely back home—to his own world.”
“No deals. Frank and I can get home on our own.”
“You think the Immortals from the council will give up so easily? You think they won’t follow you back through the portal and hunt you down?” asked Jules. “You’ve no idea how vicious and ruthless they can be, and they do not take deceit and betrayal lightly…that or theft of their magic artifacts.”
Frank’s eyebrows rose into arches of disbelief. “Sure. Maybe if they had some kind of tracking device, but I’m pretty sure that cheap trinket isn’t equipped with GPS.”
Sarah noticed the serious look on Jules’s face and the intensity of his words. “You don’t know that, Frank. Maybe I’ve been tagged, like a wild animal,” Sarah said.
“Doesn’t matter,” Frank said. “I have all kinds of tricks up my sleeve to outrun them.”
“Without their blessing, you’ll never be safe again.” Jules stood and adjusted his cloak, pulling up his hood as if he was getting ready to leave. “You can’t do this by yourselves any longer.”
“Yes we can,” Frank said. “You’ve grown up being taught to fear them, but we haven’t. We’ll fight to the very end.”
“With that kind of thinking, you’re going to get yourselves killed. Sarah doesn’t even know how to use her powers. She’s like a newborn fighting against experienced Immortals, hundreds of years old. How long do you think you two can last out there stumbling around in the dark with no knowledge whatsoever of the landscape or what you’re up against?”
Sarah’s stomach fluttered. She knew absolutely nothing, but she was sure she and Frank could figure it out on their own. They were both investigators after all, though she never would have liked to compare herself to him before they’d arrived here. “I know we’re in over our heads here, but I think we can manage.”
Jules’s gaze narrowed. “You’re drowning, milady. You need help from another Immortal, someone who can guide you through the process. Go back to your husband and fall into his arms. Throw yourself at his mercy and beg for forgiveness. He’s the only one who can help you now.”
“She’s not going back to King Victor, Jules, and I’ll hear no more of it!” Frank yelled.
“If I go back to him, all of this we’ve suffered in an effort to escape will have been for nothing,” Sarah reasoned.
“So what?” Jules asked. “At least you’ll continue to breathe. Did you ever think he might annul the marriage and let you go once he finds out he married the wrong person?”
She knew Victor would never let go of her so easily. “That won’t happen. He feels connected to me because—”
Frank met her gaze straight on. “Is there something you’re not telling me?”
“Did you bed down with him?” Jules asked, wide-eyed. “I mean no disrespect, miss, but if you did, you completed the bonding process, and it is unbreakable.”
“Sleep with him?” Her cheeks suddenly burned. She’d definitely thought about it. “No! Of course not! Who do you take me for?”
Frank grabbed Jules’s arm. “Sarah’s not like that. She only kissed him on the lips during the ceremony, and that was only to play the part of a happy wife.”
“She’s seeing visions, and he is behind the sending of them,” Jules said. “That would never happen unless a bond was formed, and that would likely require more than a tiny kiss on the lips.” He glanced over at Sarah. “Did you give yourself to your husband before you ran?”
“No, I most certainly did not…and quit referring to Victor as my husband!” Sarah retorted.
Frank shoved Jules against the wall, his eyes throwing daggers as he hissed, “Listen, buddy, I’m really beginning to dislike you. What kind of girl do you take Sarah for anyway? She’d never touch him like that. Do you understand?”
“Perhaps not by her own will, but she could’ve been forced,” Jules whispered, pushing him back. “Victor is a very powerful, persuasive man, and we should have never left her in that dungeon to face him. It was a fool’s plan!”
Sarah nodded eagerly. “Frank is right, Jules. Nothing like that happened! I swear. We just said the vows, I kissed him, and I escaped the first chance I had. The entire thing was a farce.” She didn’t think it was a good time to elaborate on just how much, how deeply she’d kissed him or how much she’d enjoyed it.
“I will be back soon,” Jules said, heading toward the exit.
“Just admit it, Jules,” Frank said, following after him. “You don’t approve of what we did—or should I say—what I did. This entire thing was my idea, and you’re just angry that the fool, as you called me, dragged Sarah and Mia into this wedding gig.”
Jules glared at him. “You are correct, sir. As I said, it was a fool’s plan, and it put my Mia and your Sarah in more danger than was necessary.” He took a deep breath before continuing. “This whole thing could have been avoided! My friends and I risked our lives when we took you to the dungeon to rescue Sarah, but did you come back with her?” He pushed Frank away and pointed at Sarah. “No! You left her to her fate. Unbelievable.”
Sarah realized in that moment that Jules had, in fact, been the lookout, the one who had done the whistling. “Guys, stop it!” She turned to look intensely at Jules. “It’s not his fault,” Sarah said. “Frank gave me an out, and I didn’t take it.”
“That is only because of him!” Jules pointed an accusatory finger at Frank and shot him a most distasteful glare. “He filled your head with talk about the ring, the key to your home world. Had you left with us at that very moment, you’d be free from all of these problems already, and my Mia would be by my side instead of suffering or in danger!”
“And I’d be stuck in this world forever!” she retorted.
“We don’t need you anymore, Jules,” Frank said.
“I hope you know your so-called ‘brilliant plan’ has ruined Sarah’s life,” Jules said. “I think you’re the one who needs some sense.”
Frank took a menacing step forward, his cheeks ablaze with anger. “Get out! We don’t need you.”
Sarah grabbed his arm. “Everyone calm down. Let’s take a breather.”
“I’m going to look for my friend,” Jules said, opening the door.
Wait…is he crazy? But the knights saw his face in the pub. They know he’s in on it with us. Sarah grabbed his arm, his gaze imploring. “It’s not safe out there.”
“It’s not safe in here either.” Jules shot Frank a glare over his shoulder before he walked out, slamming the door behind him. Ironically, as loud and ominous as the slam sounded, the ornate door was carved with a bevy of angelic symbols and cherubs.
“You idiot! How could you chase away the only friend we have in this dreadful place?” She turned to face Frank, challenging him to a fight that was long overdue. She wasn’t keen on his Victor-marrying plan in the first place, and he had talked her into it, just like Jules said.
He hugged her tight, pressing her against his broad chest. “I’m sorry, Sarah,” Frank whispered into her ear, “but the thought of sending you back to that whack-job infuriates me. We’ll find another way. I promise.”
She snuggled into him, inhaling the manly scent of his skin, comfort washing over her, if only for a second. She let out a sigh, eager to forget her own incredulity and just trust him for a change. “I know, babe. Just try and keep your cool. Your outbursts aren’t helping my nerves.”
“So what exactly did you do to strengthen this so-called bond with your so-called husband?” Frank asked. “I’m sorry, but I gotta know.”
She looked up at Frank, ready to confess it all. “I kissed him.”
His gaze narrowed. “Yeah. You mentioned that.”
“No, I mean…I-I really kissed him…like, uh…a lot.” She felt the telltale heat rising in her cheeks. Her breath caught in her throat, but not from shame. Somehow, Victor’s kiss lingered in her mind, all too vivid, and it wasn’t an unpleasant memory.
Frank narrowed his gaze. “What happened to the alleged smooch?”
Is he jealous? She regarded him intently, taking in the frown perched above his brows and the tight lines around his mouth. “It was more than that—more like some serious making out, but it didn’t go very far. I swear! Besides, it was only because he seduced me with those bright blue eyes of his, and I think—”
He pushed her away. “I just wanted the truth. You think I want to hear the details? How could you let him lock lips with you anyway?” He shuddered for dramatic effect.
She shrugged, anger rising up inside her. How dare he corner me like that and try to make me feel guilty? “It just happened, Frank. It’s not like the priest announced us man and wife and I jumped him. It was more like the other way around. I guess when I didn’t resist, when I kissed him back, I somehow triggered the darn ring. It was really just some kind of accident.”
“So he just attacked you?”
“He just seized the moment.”
“And you obliged him because you liked it?” He groaned. “I don’t believe this. I know we’re not dating, but still. You’re attracted to him big time, aren’t you?”
“What woman wouldn’t be?”
“Right, with ‘those blue eyes of his’,” he mocked. “Gosh, Sarah, I can’t believe you’d kiss that jerk. Do you want to be with him, to be his queen or something?”
“Frank, he’s not my type. You know as well as I do that the last guy I’d want to be with would be a guy who wants to control me.” She gripped Frank’s hands. “Besides, I’m here with you, aren’t I?”
“Right,” Frank said, not sounding too sure.




Chapter 11

Jules returned but refused to talk to anyone, and Sarah thought it best to give him some time to cool down.
When footsteps echoed outside the door, she held her breath and motioned Frank to keep silent. Jules’s hand moved to the dagger tied around his waist. She had no idea what he’d do with it against an entire army, but it was the thought that counted. At least it indicated that he wasn’t going to jump at the first opportunity and turn his back on them, leaving them to their fate.
The thuds stopped in front of the door, and an eerie silence ensued. Sarah barely dared to peel her gaze off the entrance to shoot Frank a questioning gaze. His brows were drawn together, his tense shoulders, and the muscles peering from under his short sleeves told her he was ready to battle for his life—and for hers. So was she. She decided that groveling was fair play; if need be, she’d punch and scream her way out, tugging at hair and kicking them where it’d hurt the most, hoping their armor didn’t protect them everywhere.
The door handle moved slowly, and the sound of old hinges cut through the silence of the chapel. Sarah clenched her hands and nodded at Frank as the door flew open. The second it did, she pounced like a cat, ready to claw her way out, stopping only inches away from the face of an old man with thinning white hair and a scraggly white beard.
“Hello, Father,” said Jules calmly.
The priest hugged Jules in a tight embrace. “It’s so good to see you, son. Thomas told me you are here and of the dire situation you are facing.”
“I would have come myself, but I got tied up here.” Jules smiled. “These are my friends, Frank and Sarah.”
“Greetings,” he said, smiling. “Welcome, my Queen. My name is Father Haster, and I am the priest of this sacred house.” He wore a hooded monk’s robe with a rope-like belt.
She peered behind the man to see whether it was a bluff, to see if anyone was hiding outside to ambush them. The cobblestone path seemed deserted, the woods to the left and right devoid of life.
“Did you expect someone else?” The priest looked away as he broke the silence, drawing her attention to him.
“It’s our pleasure to meet you, Father, and we’re actually glad to see you and not someone else,” Frank said, grabbing the old man’s hand in a tight grip until his knuckles turned white.
“You’re killing him,” Sarah whispered.
He threw her a questioning look, so she pointed at his hand. Frank let go, a smile playing on his lips. “It’s not my fault I’m built like an ox.”
She smirked. “You got the ox part right—in smell and brains at least,” she joked. “Father,” she said, bowing, “it’s an honor to meet you.”
The priest touched her forehead with a finger as dry as sandpaper and gestured her to straighten. “You can’t leave until tomorrow, child. There are orders about to execute you on sight. I’ve never seen King William react this way to anything or anyone. Sending his troops to kill a defenceless woman is uncalled for. Jules has filled me in on your problems, and I am more than happy to offer you sanctuary.”
Of course, he doesn’t know I made out with Victor, she presumed. She smirked. “Jules is a very helpful soul…and so very understanding.”
Jules nodded, not getting the hint.
“Yes, he has always been known to help those in need,” the priest said, “and I’d like to think he gets that from his priest.”
Sarah eagerly shook his hand. “Well, truly, Father, it is a pleasure, and thank you for your kindness.” Then she said dryly, looking embarrassed, “I guess I shouldn’t have played the part of Princess Gloria. It might’ve earned me an Oscar in our time, but here, it seems my only reward would be a death sentence. Can I ask, Father, what would be the means of execution for someone of my crimes?”
The priest looked away as he whispered, “Beheading.”
I’ve been thinking I was losing my head all this time, but literally? Sarah let out a breath she didn’t realize she’d been holding. “I better calm down and keep my head on straight then.”
Frank wrapped an arm around her waist, forcing her to face him. “Your life isn’t a joking matter, Sarah.”
“Let me deal with it the way I want,” she hissed. “Remember what I said about controlling men, Frank.”
“As you wish.” He shrugged and let go of her as he turned to the priest, but she could see her reaction didn’t sit well with him.
That’s just too bad, Sarah thought. I’ve had enough of people telling me what to do and how to react. It was time to be herself and play it all down because pretending no evil would ever befall her was a better coping strategy than expecting the worst and letting herself fall into an abyss of worry and depression.
“Even if Sarah’s refuses to acknowledge it,” Frank said, shooting her a sideways glance, “I say we need to protect ourselves. Do you have any weapons we can use? Wouldn’t have an Uzi lying around, would ya, Father?”
“I know not what an Uzi is,” Jules said, “but weapons in a church?” Jules snorted. “What do you expect? Crucifixes and holy water?”
“Well, given that we’re dealing with Immortals, maybe,” Frank said.
Sarah peered at him, not amused at his jokes after he’d just scolded her for making her own. “An Uzi, Frank? Really. Don’t be stupid. Try to think more along the lines of swords, Jules—or maybe even a dagger.”
“Did you see their armor? What do you plan to do with a dagger, sweetheart?” Frank asked. “Peel them an apple and poison them with it?” His arrogant, superior attitude was slowly beginning to irritate her.
“Do you have a better idea? And I swear, you better not start talking about some Rambo arsenal again, or I’m going to find the closest dragon and personally feed you to it.”
The priest held up his hands to stop their banter, which was becoming a bit more heated than friendly. “Enough! There’ll be no violence in this house of God.”
“Sounds good to me,” Sarah said. “But does the army outside agree too?”
Frank nodded, agreeing with her for a change. “Yeah. Why don’t you remind the leaders of Tastia and Dornia about peace and goodwill, because right now, we’re toast. If you don’t toss in a sword or two, we’ve no way to defend ourselves.”
The priest shook his head and turned on his heels, walking out of the room without another glance back.
Jules chased after him. “Father, do you need any help?”
Sarah elbowed Frank in the ribs hard. “Now you did it! You made the priest mad.”
“What did I do?” Frank hissed.
“You know all too well. Quit pissing everyone off, will ya? We already have a long list of people fuming at us. We don’t need the clergy on our heels as well. Think witch hunts and all that.”
“What?” He snorted and rubbed a hand over his face, annoyed. “Every soldier out there’s trying to kill you, and you think I’m just being paranoid.”
“Nope. Just irrational and negative.”
“I sent Jules out to get the rest of my bags and take them to my quarters in the back.” The priest’s voice made her turn around. “And this is for you.”
Her gaze fell on the silver heart necklace he held out to her. For a moment, Sarah could only stare. Her eyes clouded with tears as she lifted a finger and traced it over the face of the locket. Her hands trembled while she pried it open it and saw a photo of Liz inside it—a photo of the two of them standing side by side, together, happy and healthy as ever. Why would anyone in this world have Liz’s belongings? Liz would never give this away. Unless… Sarah shook her head defiantly. No! It can’t be! Liz has to be alive and well. She just has to be okay after all we’ve gone through to find her!
Frank snorted. “What are we supposed to do with that? Choke them to death or ask for their hand in marriage?”
“Shut up, Frank!” Sarah screamed, casting him a death glare. “I bought this for my sister the Christmas before she disappeared,” Sarah whispered, her gaze fixing on the priest. “How did you…where did you get this?” she asked, almost scared to hear the answer.
The priest inched closer and cupped her hands. “My child, Jules has brought you here for a reason. He told me that you are looking for your sister.”
Frank peeked over Sarah’s shoulder at the picture. “Yes. She went missing ten years ago, and no one knows what happened to her.”
“I met a girl by the name of Elizabeth Larker when she was fifteen,” the priest said.
Sarah stared at him, for a moment unable to comprehend why he was avoiding her gaze. Her heart pounded hard against her ribcage, threatening to jump out of her throat any minute. “Oh no! Tell me she’s not…” Her voice came thin and low, so low she wasn’t sure anyone had even heard her. Someone who wasn’t out to kill her had seen Liz, and she was finally making progress, but something didn’t feel right. She met Frank’s gaze, her mouth gaping. “This proves without a shadow of a doubt that she definitely walked through the portal.”
“Don’t do that, Sarah,” Frank said slowly.
“What? Why?” She met his dark, brooding eyes and found there what she’d been trying to control all along: her hope that somehow, Liz was still alive and well.
“I don’t want you to be disappointed, that’s all. I couldn’t bear to see you hurt.”
He was right, but she couldn’t help herself—not until someone proved her wrong.
The priest smiled, the thin skin around his eyes morphing into hundreds of tiny lines. “Elizabeth does look very much like you indeed, my dear.”
“I knew she was alive!” Sarah squeezed his hand, fighting the need to grab him into a hug, which she was rather certain would not be appropriate. “I never believed for a moment she was dead. Where is she? When can we go to her? How do I find her, and—”
“She was only here for one year, I’m afraid. During that time, I tried to help her through the pain of being stuck in this world, but she didn’t adjust well. It must’ve been a great shock for her. From what she told me, I gathered your world is very different from ours.”
Tears welled in Sarah’s eyes as realization kicked in.
“Babe, I tried to tell you,” Frank muttered.
“You said she was here for a year?” Sarah said, ignoring him. “How long ago was that? And where did she go when she left?”
The priest scratched his forehead, thinking. “It’s been a while. I have been out in the mission field for two years and just recently returned. I’m afraid I don’t know where she went.”
“Do you know whether or not she’s still alive?”
“I don’t know, but why shouldn’t she be?”
Sarah shrugged, hysteria bubbling up inside her. The journey had proven to be nothing but an emotional rollercoaster. If she continued this way she was bound to develop a borderline personality disorder, what with all the crying and laughing and hoping, only to have her hopes dashed an instant later. “I shouldn’t have left her. How can I ever forgive myself? I shouldn’t have been so scared of the creature and dumped my own sister like a sack of potatoes.”
“You were only a kid yourself,” Frank said, “a teenager. “A grown man would have been scared seeing one of those Bigfoots up close and personal. Heck, even I about crapped my pants, and you know how brave I am.”
“She was fifteen, Frank—lost, scared, and wandering around in a forest with countless Bigfoots chasing her.” Sarah turned back to the priest. “When was the last time you heard from her?”
“Let me think.” The man’s eyes glazed, deeply buried in his memories.
Sarah appreciated his help, but her patience was growing thin. She wished she could shake them all out of him, make him answer faster, because her pangs of hope were killing her inside, but she couldn’t risk alienating him; he was her only link to Liz. So she clasped her hands behind her, digging her nails deeply into her skin until a burning sensation traveled up her arm.
The priest answered eventually. “She left when she fell in love with a man. Last I heard she was still with him, and they are doing splendidly.”
Sarah smiled. Somewhere in the midst of all that tragedy, Liz had found true love—something Sarah couldn’t manage to hang on to if her life depended on it. “So she’s happy.”
The priest nodded. “Very much so.”
A thought struck her. “When we arrived in the cave, it was nighttime, but when we walked through the portal, the sun was out. They’re opposites!”
“So she would’ve arrived at night,” Frank finished.
Sarah swallowed, unclasping the necklace and putting it around her neck. “She had to be so lonely and frightened. I hope that man is good to her, whoever he is.”
Frank lifted her hair and clasped the locket around her neck. “We’re going to find her and take her home. Do you remember the man’s name, Father?”
The priest scratched his head. “His name was Charles, and I believe he was from Ripteenia, north of here. Liz never told me much else about him. She was a bit secretive, that one.”
Sarah jumped as the front door slammed open and Jules walked in, his eyes wide. “Two villages away, when the sun sets, they plan to hang three people by the names of Beth, Steven, and Adam,” he announced between labored breaths, as though he had just run a marathon. “I heard they were dressed in odd clothing, similar to those Frank was wearing when I met him. My friend said they came through the forest of the Guardians, just like you two. Do you know them?”
Sarah gasped. “Of course! That would be my BFF, my lead researcher, and my cameraman.”
“BFF?” Jules and the priest asked in unison.
“Never mind,” Frank said to them with a groan. “Sarah, they followed you in? You’ve got to be kidding!”






Chapter 12

Sarah stared at Jules, wide-eyed. Three members of her team had made it through the portal, but now they faced execution. She felt awful about that. Once again, it was all her fault that people she cared about were in trouble. She’d been in charge of the expedition, and she’d picked the spot where they hunted for Bigfoot. Waves of guilt surged through her, first over Liz and now over her friends, her team. If anything happened to them, she could never live with herself. She grabbed Frank’s hand, avoiding his apologetic gaze. “We can’t just let them die in this place, Frank. We have to do something—anything! Let’s go!”
“What do you suggest we—” Frank started.
Jules grabbed her shoulder, interrupting Frank. “Where do you think you and Frank are going? We’re in the middle of a big village crawling with knights. You take one step out there, and it will be an execution of five instead of three.”
“He’s right,” Frank whispered. “Besides, it might be a trap. They probably know we all came from the same world and that we’re friends. They might be trying to bait you out of hiding, Sarah.”
Sarah was trying to think logically, but having more people on her conscience wasn’t an option. She had done enough harm already. Shaking her head vehemently, she turned to face Frank, her eyes ablaze. “I don’t care! They are only here because they were loyal, trying to find me, and I’m not going to desert them now. I’m going, with or without you.”
“Sarah, you’re being irrational,” Jules said. “I won’t let you go.”
“And you care why?” Sarah asked. “Last time I checked, you couldn’t wait to get rid of us.”
“You scammed King Victor and dragged Mia into all your craziness. I might not like it, but I promised Mia I’d keep you safe. I’m not going to just stand by and watch you walk into death’s arms. Throughout this journey, I’ve regarded your safety as my top priority because I will not break a promise to my love.”
“Walking out there is a suicide mission,” Frank said. “Unless this Immortal nonsense can also make you invisible, we’re gonna need a disguise and a smoking hot plan…and a couple of Uzis really would have helped.”
The priest smiled. “I may be able to help with the disguises,” he said proudly, walking over to a peeling wooden chest. He pulled out two black cotton robes, frayed where the hem had dragged over the ground. “Just wait a bit longer. In one hour, hundreds of priests will gather for prayer and to attend a short midday service. When they leave to return to their villages, you’ll blend right in with them.”
Frank nodded, brows raised. “I love it when a plan comes together,” he said with a smirk.
“I think this will work,” Sarah said, slipping into a robe, tying the hood, and then adjusting the white belt cord. The coarse material hid her supple curves, giving the impression of someone much leaner and less feminine.
She turned her attention to Jules. “Are you onboard with this or not?”
He seemed confused. “I don’t understand. It is not necessary to use a boat, as we’ll be traveling on foot.”
She rolled her eyes, more at herself at forgetting the poor guy wasn’t accustomed with twenty-first century slang. “Sorry. I meant to ask if you are in agreement to help us with this. Can you guide us? We cannot find the village on our own.”
“I said we’ll be traveling on foot, didn’t I? And I know a shorter way.”
The mention of a shortcut made Sarah smile, in spite of the sarcastic tone in Jules’s voice. “Even better,” she said, tossing him a robe.
The priest handed Sarah a staff, a pair of glasses, and an oversized silver cross on a long leather string. “You need the best disguise possible, considering you’re their main target.” He squeezed a small bag of gold into her hand. “Take it. Your sister would want me to help you, and you may need this on your journey.”
For a moment, she struggled with the idea of taking the old man’s money. His torn clothes and the tattered condition of his church told her he needed it as much as she did; however, she knew they might not make it without his monetary support. Even though her throat constricted at the idea, she held out her hand and grabbed the sachet, then hugged him tight. “You’ve been a huge help, Father. Thank you,” she whispered, vowing to come back and repay her debt.
* * *
Sarah leaned against the giant stone pillar outside the back of the church. The beams of sunlight felt good on her face. She wondered how her sister had dealt with the drama of finding herself in a dangerous new world with no one to protect her when she came through the portal at fifteen. The sudden helplessness had to be world shattering. Not only had Liz lost all of her friends and family, but this odd world was very different from what they were used to, and one tiny mistake could’ve cost her her life. Sarah jumped as bells chimed in the distance, jolting her out of her thoughts. She straightened her back at the realization that the church service must be over, and the time had come for her to leave the sanctuary of the kind priest’s church.
Frank put up his hood and turned to face her. “It’s time.” His voice came low and grave, too grave for an easygoing man like him. It wasn’t like him to let his worries take hold of his spirits.
“Yep, I’m ready.” She infused as much cheeriness into her tone as she could muster. At least one of them had to keep up the good mood before they drowned in their own pool of despair.
Smiling, Frank straightened up her glasses. “There, you look perfect.”
“Thanks for everything, Father.” She turned to hug the old man. “And thanks for taking care of my sister when she had nobody else to look after her. That means the world to me.”
“My doors are open to anyone in need of refuge, as our heavenly Father would have it.” The priest nodded graciously, and Sarah thought she might have seen a tear in his eye. “Be careful,” the priest said. “I’ve just received word that Ethano Milers is tracking you as we speak.”
“Who is he?” Sarah asked.
“He’s a very powerful Immortal from the Cardashian Court. I don’t understand why they would send somebody so high up to personally bring you in for trial. Usually, they just send in an experienced and skilled tracker. My prayers will go with you, child.”
Sarah shook her head. Obviously there must be a reason. She officially had her third enemy. “They must really want me.” She gave the priest one last hug, and this time, there was a tear in her own eye.
Jules led the way through the lush green grass to the front of the huge stone church. They blended in with all the other priests in monk’s robes, exiting through the two giant oak doors.
Sarah’s mouth dropped. Reality came crashing down at the sight of hundreds of knights on horses, all there with one mission: to behead her. Shudders rocked her body. She couldn’t give in to her fear, though—not when her life and the lives of so many others depended on her. She forced herself forward, gazing only at the ground, trying to gain her composure. She hoped that if she didn’t look, her heart would stop beating so fast, but the closer she inched, the more her hands started to sweat. Her nerves felt like they were fraying like the bottom of her borrowed robe with every step she took.
The knights swarmed the place, waiting for the moment she’d come out of hiding, as if they were cats and she the mouse.
Taking a deep breath, she started limping as she clung to the staff, hoping it might throw them off her trail. Her heart pounded as she swerved between two knights on black horses. A horse neighed, and Sarah nearly jumped out of her skin. She wasn’t sure if her nerves could take another moment of it. She took a deep breath and focused on seeing her sister’s face again.
“Sorry about that, Father,” a knight to her right said.
She nodded and tried to understand his logic. He was sorry his horse had scared a priest, but he seemingly had no qualms about killing an unarmed woman for no apparent reason other than identity theft. What kind of place is this? Is that their idea of justice? She hobbled along, and in no time, they came to the edge of the city where knights guarded the perimeter.
“Halt!” a knight ordered.
She peered up past the black horse to the red tunic covering the guy’s chainmail.
“Let us pass so we can get more bread from the next village,” Jules said. “No one told us about the extra guests.”
“You intend to feed our troops?”
“Indeed,” Frank said. “We just need a few supplies—some wine, bread, and potato chips.”
Potato chips? Sarah nudged him. It was no time for making jokes.
“Splendid, Father.” The knight lifted his visor, his brown eyes shining at the thought of filling his stomach with a free meal and then plundering the village.
“What is your answer then?” Jules prompted impatiently.
Sarah kept her head down and bit her lip, waiting for the soldier’s answer, her heart pounding hard.
The knight motioned his colleagues to clear a path. “Let them pass to go for provisions!”
The others obediently took a few steps back.
Sarah let out a tiny sigh of relief and walked into the forest, taking swift but measured footsteps so she wouldn’t look conspicuous. Either the disguise or the kind priest’s prayers had worked—or maybe a little of both.
An animal snort, along with the sound of thundering hooves echoed behind them. She spun around to see a group of knights approaching, and her hands began to tremble. She frowned.
The knight’s hand moved to the hilt of his sword as he inched closer. “Wait, you.” His hard gaze focused on Sarah. “Hello, Father.”
She swallowed hard, words frozen in her throat. Sweat gathered across her brows, and her pulse started to race again. Their plan was falling apart, she knew it, yet she wasn’t about to go down without a fight, dressed like a clergyman or not.
“I’m sorry,” Frank chimed in. “He’s a mute. I can translate for him if you’d like. I know the language of hand signs.”
The knight didn’t tear his gaze off Sarah. “Ask him why he’s wearing pearl earrings in his ears. Is he blind as well as dumb?”
She took in a sharp breath, marveling at her own stupidity. Crap! How could I have forgotten to remove those?
“Oh. I am sorry, sir, for the confusion, but it is our way of penance, a punishment to purify a troubled soul and thoughts,” Frank said, unfazed.
“Really?” He let out a chuckle. “Ask him this. What is it like to be married to the most evil man in the entire world?”
“We don’t marry,” Jules said.
“Perhaps you don’t, but I can assure you she does.” The knight dismounted. In two long strides, he reached her and yanked down her hood and glasses. “We’ve finally got you!” he hissed, the stench of his breath floating into Sarah’s nostrils.
“Get away from me!” she spat, her anger flaring.
His hand clasped around hers, and his eyes lingered on the ring. “She wears the mark of the Immortals! Seize them!” Pointing at the others, he drew his sword out of his sheath, his cold stare meeting hers once again. “My Queen, for your crimes, you are hereby sentenced to death.”
“No!” She shook her head, willing her magical powers to make an appearance, but nothing happened. Whatever the Immortal thing was, it didn’t work on command. In her time, Frank or someone like him would have debunked those so-called powers ages ago. Her heart thundered in her chest.
Jules and Frank shouted from behind.
The sun caught in the soldier’s blade as he raised it over his head, ready to strike. “I promise that I shall make this as quick and painless as possible, Highness. Your friends won’t feel a thing either,” he said with a laugh that told her he was lying about that part.
“No!” she screamed, her heart pounding in her ears.
He turned to the other knights. “Get her in position.”
Sarah glared, and a few soldiers backed away.
“Do not fear her!” a knight said. “She’s merely an infant, a baby Immortal who ran away from her teacher. She doesn’t know a thing about her powers or how to wield them.”
How could this be the end? Maybe I can appeal to him emotionally, make one last-ditch effort. She looked deeply into his eyes as a knight jerked her to her knees. “Please stop this! Put that thing down. You don’t want to kill me.” A burst of heat spread through her forehead.
He stared at her, wide-eyed. For a moment, all color drained from his face, as though he had just seen a ghost. Then his cheeks turned red and his eyes beady.
She stared at him, frowning, wondering what was happening to him.
The soldier’s hand waved, his sword dangling over her head menacingly.
She shook her head.
He imitated the action, then put the sword away ever so slowly. His voice came low, barely louder than a whisper. “I don’t want to kill you, miss, but you’re still under arrest.” He had a grim line perched on his forehead, his hands clenched as though he was leading an inner battle.
“You did it!” Jules whispered.
She stared at him as realization kicked in. Maybe this Immortal ability business isn’t a hoax after all. She couldn’t believe it was so easy, but ultimately, it worked! She’d somehow managed to tap into his softer side, appealed to the part of him that did not want to harm or kill a helpless woman. But being arrested wasn’t going to help her situation. She knew somebody else, some heartless individual, would just do the dirty deed and behead her in a second.
A knight gripped her arms behind her back. Pain surged through her body, blinding her for a second. In spite of the burning sensation, she struggled against his strong hold hissing, “Let go of me!” Another burst of intense heat flooded her mind, weakening her against the pictures that threatened to form before her eyes.
His grip loosened.
Sarah swung around, baffled. What is going on? He’s listening to my commands. Where did this ability come from? She didn’t know what kind of power it was, but she planned to use it to her full advantage. “You’ll command your men to let me and my friends go. This is a big misunderstanding. Let us go so we can bring back food for the feast.”
His head bowed, and he looked at the other soldiers. “My mistake, milady. You and these men are free to go.”
Another knight stepped forward, shaking his head vehemently. “Sir, you can’t do that! She’s put a hex on you. Our orders clearly state that—”
Sarah gazed into his green eyes, drops of sweat rolling down her forehead. Anger built up inside of her. How dare he question his superior? She closed her eyes against the building surge of electricity pouring through her. Her body jerked in convulsions, and she couldn’t move. Am I--paralyzed? It was as if she had absolutely no control of her body. She gasped and lifted her hands. No…I CAN move! As she opened her eyes, a wind whipped through her hair and rose to a fierce howl. Lightning flashed; thunder cracked. Ice-cold drops of rain fell from the sky, cooling off her hot skin.
“Seize her!” yelled the man in charge.
“Ain’t happening!” she yelled back. She gasped as she gazed down at her hands; they were glimmering, glowing with energy. Without warning, red balls of light centered in the palms of her hands, some kind of sparking electricity. What the heck? Where did the wizard-like powers even come from? They didn’t even fizzle with the rain. It was freaky but she decided she might as well put them to good use, especially with soldiers bolting in her direction, swords drawn. She threw crackling balls of fire from her outstretched hands. Dirt and leaves exploded all around them, as if she was tossing grenades on the battlefield.
“We can’t take on an Immortal with unstable power,” a knight said.
“We’ll get reinforcements. Let’s go!” The leader pulled on his reins and steered his horse back toward the perimeter, his group trailing behind in a hurry.
Sarah blinked the dripping rain out of her eyes. She whipped a few more balls of energy toward the departing knights just as a precaution. The fireballs only slammed haphazardly into tree trunks, but she had to scare them at all costs while she still possessed the weird power; she didn’t want them to come back anytime soon. The horses whinnied in terror, and more shouts echoed as clouds of dirt, bark, and mud exploded high into the air. There! That should do it. Gazing down, she watched her hands instantly turn back to their normal color. She sucked in a deep breath and tried to control the trembling in her hands. She gazed out ahead at the billowing smoke that hung over the trail of smoldering fires—fires she’d created with her very own hands. She watched the rain extinguish the flames.
Jules and Frank rushed over as she stared at the splintered tree trunks.
How the heck did I do that? But it didn’t matter. The only thing that mattered was that they were alive and breathing. She wiped her forehead with the long sleeve of her wet cloak. Relief flooded through her as she grabbed Frank’s hand, and they slowly walked deeper into the woods, her legs threatening to give way beneath her, her forehead still on fire.
The rain ceased, and the sunshine peeked out from behind a pile of fluffy clouds.
“You did it, babe!” Frank said. “What kind of superpowers are you sporting anyway?”
She heaved a sigh. “I’ve got no idea. That was just…weird.”
He let go of her hand. “You’re burning up, Sarah. Are you running a fever?”
Beads of sweat rolled down her back. Her clothes were soaked in an instant. “I feel like I’m being sautéed in a frying pan, like stir fry. I haven’t a clue how to work these powers. I’m navigating through them blindly. Wish you guys had the Web somewhere,” she said to Jules. “I could Google them.”
“Web? I am not sure what a spider would be able to do for you,” Jules said, causing Sarah and Frank to roll their eyes at one another. Then he averted his eyes to the ground and said in a whisper, “But Victor could teach you.”
Frank rolled his eyes again. “Just drop it, will ya?”
Victor! His sapphire-blue eyes flashed in her head. She could hear his voice roll across her mind, repeating those precious wedding vows to her in the sweetest and most sincere way: vows he intended to keep, at least for that first day. She remembered how her hand had trembled as he’d placed the ring on her finger, the touch of his lips, the way he’d held her, the passion they’d experienced in such a short time. Her heartbeat spiked. He probably didn’t know what to make of me—a woman who talks back, talks of things he’s never heard of, and runs away. But she couldn’t forget that he had a dangerous side, and he might just kill her the moment he captured her. She needed to focus on saving her friends, finding her sister, and getting the heck out of Dodge. She didn’t have time for Superpowers for Dummies 101, instructed by Victor the Conqueror. “I’m going to take a rain check. Now let’s go find my team. We have an execution to stop.”
“Follow me then,” Jules said. “The village we are headed to isn’t a pretty sight. Just to warn you, the people living there will beg you for money, food, and anything they can get their hands on. They are starving, for their cattle have died in the drought, and the ground is too dry for their crops to grow.”
Sarah let out a slow breath. “That’s awful. My heart goes out to them,” she said, and it truly did. She’d been supporting charities since the second she’d received her very first paycheck, clear back when she was sixteen. In spite of the fact that some of her pursuers thought her evil, Sarah had a heart of gold and wanted to help the less fortunate.
Hours later, they arrived. Within minutes, a little boy ran up to her with dirty cheeks and greasy hair. “A visitor!” he shouted. “Can you spare me anything to eat?”
Sarah knelt down, her heart melting at the sight of his big brown eyes. “What’s your name?”
“Edward.”
She handed him a gold coin and whispered, “Use this to put something in your tummy, Edward.” She watched him as he scurried away, smiling, then turned back to Jules. Edward didn’t strike her as a boy from a poor country with a swollen head and belly, eating from trash piles, yet she couldn’t help but offer some token of support. “Jules, what does the face of hunger look like?”
“You just hugged it,” whispered Jules.
Tears welled up in Sarah’s eyes. She vowed to somehow help this village, even it meant giving away all her gold.
A red and orange sunset glowed in the sky. Sarah took a deep breath, hoping they had made it in time. Her friends were to be executed at sunset, and she still blamed herself for their predicament. Why did I have to pick the Sabrino Cave area to hold those stupid expeditions? Liz had disappeared from that same place, yet she risked the lives of her team by dragging them there. Waves of guilt washed through her as she watched peasants with sunken cheeks walk around the village square in simple robes and cloaks. Jules wasn’t kidding: The villagers were absolutely starving. She noticed that small stone buildings lined the streets, and she wondered if her friends were meant to be executed in a jail cell or put on display.
She noticed a red-haired woman squinting in the dust, rocking a crying baby. Her frightened blue eyes glistened with desperation. A little barefoot girl with the same long, red hair clung to her mother’s side. Her bony arms and legs stuck out from baggy clothes. A shabby dress covered in patches of dirt hung from her shoulders.
“Jules, is there any milk for the babies?” Sarah asked.
He shook his head, wearing a grave expression. “Without cattle to give it, no.”
The woman pulled on her sleeve. “Please help me and my little ones. Do you have anything to eat? Anything? I cannot bear to watch my children die.”
Sarah’s heart sank. She had never witnessed world hunger in person, and suddenly all those infomercials and commercials had a whole new meaning for her. “I don’t have any food, but I have money.” With shaking fingers, she reached inside her bag and pulled out a few gold coins.
“Oh, thank you for your kindness, miss! You have given my children a few more days to live!” Tears streaked the woman’s face as she bowed at Sarah’s feet, kissing the tattered hem of her robe.
“Please,” Sarah said, helping her up, meeting the surprised expression in the woman’s gaze. “Go with God…and feed your children and yourself.”
The woman nodded and darted off down the cobbled street, pulling her daughter along.
“I see a crowd gathered over there.” Frank pointed. “We better check it out.”
Weaving through the crowd, Sarah peered closer. Adam, Steven, and Beth were all bound to long wooden stakes in the ground. A group of townspeople surrounded them, shouting obscenities and waving torches. Sarah’s mouth dropped; it was medieval torture at its finest, being burned at the stake. “This is outrageous! I cannot let them roast my friends.”
“Better hurry up then,” Jules said. “Do you have a plan to save them?”
Frank craned his neck. “It’s hard to see with all these people. We’re just going to have to wing it. Maybe you can use those powers of yours, Sarah.”
Sarah took a closer look. A pile of wood was arranged by their feet, along with small bundles of sticks and straw. One spark, and her friends would be doomed. She shook her head. “I’m not sure, Frank. I don’t know how to control it yet. What if I accidentally ignite them? I already feel awful enough about this. I could never live with that.”
Jules touched Sarah’s arm. “Tell them you’re Princess Gloria.”
She nodded, even though she knew she was about to sign her death sentence. Making her way through the sea of people, Sarah hoped it would work, or else she’d be burning right along with her team. She wondered if fire would kill her, but even if it didn’t she was sure it’d hurt like crazy.
As Sarah pushed past a stick-thin woman to the front, Beth spotted her and screamed out her name.
Sarah gazed up into her pale face and terrified green eyes. Her long blonde hair was a dirty mess. “Shh! Beth, I’m going to get you out of here.”
“Hurry!” Adam said, struggling against his bindings.
“The roast’s about to start any minute,” Steven hissed. “Since we’re the main course, this is one dinner I’d rather miss.”
“I’m doing all I can.” Sarah’s gaze fell on a man with long black hair and a matching beard. Somehow, he stood out from the cheering crowd as he stood by her friends. Maybe it was the glint in his eyes or the serious expression, as though he didn’t quite enjoy the display like all the others. She straightened her back and marched over to him, regarding the guards as she whispered, “Please, sir, I beg you to stop this execution.”
The man glared at her. “Get back with the others, miss, or we’ll have another fire to light.”
“But—”
He turned his back on her as he addressed the crowd. “These thieves were caught stealing a loaf of bread that’d just been dropped off by a friend from the next village. Now they must pay for their crimes. What do we do with thieves?”
“Hang ‘em!” the crowd cheered.
“Nobody steals from us. NOBODY!” a man yelled.
“We don’t have enough to feed our own children, yet they steal bread for themselves!” a woman screeched. “Kill them now! That will teach them and other would-be thieves a thing or two about greed!”
Sarah groaned inwardly. Her ability to read people was awfully off track, as she had thought the man might have something remotely gracious within him. Like the rest, his smile likely only meant he was already imagining the gruesome details of the execution about to take place before his eyes.
“My baby hasn’t eaten in two days!” someone yelled.
Sarah had to stop the madness, even if it meant sacrificing her own life. Slowly, she rose from her cowering position. Her gaze met Frank’s somewhere in the distance, but she ignored his questioning frown. Her voice came low, then increased in volume as she gathered more courage. “I’m Princess Gloria, and I demand you stop this nonsense now.” To prove her point, she lifted her hand to flash her ring.
The bearded guy bowed, deeply muttering, “Your Highness.”
The crowd fell silent and followed suit.
Now that she had their respect, she demanded, “Release these prisoners.”
“With all due respect, milady, our orders come straight from your father, who despises thievery more than anything,” the bearded guy said.
She watched in horror as he retrieved what looked like an axe from behind his cloak. Not only did she suck at reading people, but she gathered that her sixth sense and ability to pick up any dangerous undercurrents must suck too.
The man continued, “Please step aside.”
Taking a deep breath, she thought back to what Jules had said. She was an Immortal now, and immortality did come with a few perks. She had no idea how it all worked, but she had to give it a try. “I demand that you stop this execution right now!” A pang of heat burst through her head, making her wobble on her feet for a second. Maybe the ability of influencing someone’s mind is connected to emotion. It had surely worked when the knight had planned on executing her.
The executioner laughed, his eyes glinting with malice. “Trying your parlor tricks on me? I know how to block you out. You Immortals are really something, and you? You’re not even that strong. Stick to the weak-minded, young one.”
She smirked. Great. Even strong-willed humans can block me out. Irritated, she blew out a breath and walked back over to Frank and Jules. “It’s not working! We need a Plan B…pronto. You two got any more bright ideas?”




Chapter 13

Sarah stared at her three friends tied to long poles, awaiting their fiery fate. Her heart lurched. “So? What’s the plan?”
“We could try creating a riot,” Frank said.
Jules cocked a brow. “That may work. We could force a fight in the crowd. It might be enough of a distraction to pass through without further incident.”
“It’s worth a shot.” Sarah tilted her head, considering his suggestion. For once, Frank’s idea wasn’t such a bad one, particularly since pretending to be Princess Gloria didn’t work. “Look over there by that wood pile. See Steven’s black camera bag in the straw?”
Frank nodded.
Sarah continued, “Maybe you should show them some of our technology. We could pretend it wields great and dangerous magic.”
“Why me?”
She rolled her eyes. “Obviously because Jules has no idea how to use the stuff, and everyone knows my face.”
Frank groaned. “Do you remember what used to happen to anyone who dared to brew tea from some herbs?”
She shook her head, grinning.
“Think pyre and lots of fire…and surely not for roast beef.”
“You got any other brilliant ideas then?”
He sighed and pushed his hood further down his face. “All right. I get it. We could film me commanding them to let the others go, threatening to send down hail and brimstone if they don’t cooperate. Then we could play it back to them.”
The crowd cheered, excited again at the prospect of murder and suffering. How can they be so excited about killing people? “I’ll sneak over and grab the bag,” Sarah said.
Without waiting for Frank’s answer, she took a few steps forward, bumping into a broad guy. She glanced at the executioner, who now held up a torch as a priest gave last rights. She’d never seen Beth so freaked out. Tears were streaming down her cheeks as she pleaded for them to change their minds.
“Hurry!” Frank hissed.
“No!” Jules said, grabbing the edge of Sarah’s cloak. “Come to think of it, Frank’s plan is a better idea. We should go with a distraction. We don’t need them trying Frank and me as witches. I’d rather not leave it to you to save us all.”
She turned to Frank. “So which is better? Distraction or magic?”
Before he could answer, Beth let out a wailing shriek. The executioner lit the straw beneath them.
Sarah gasped as her stomach lurched. Without another thought, her Immortal reflexes took over, and she blew at the tiny flames, extinguishing them with one single breath.
“Powers like that can only come from an immortal being.” The executioner’s gaze shot straight to the crowd, focusing on Sarah. “You can’t stop this, Highness.” He nodded at a monster-sized muscular man. “Seize her!”
Pain shot through her as he grabbed her arms from behind and dragged her on her heels through the crowd. “No!” she shouted. Without her, her friends didn’t stand a chance. They were all as good as dead.
Suddenly, a man charged into the crowd, yelling, “She’s dead! Mella’s drowned. I need a healer! Only a healer can save her.” The crowd turned toward him as he laid down a woman on the ground, her face blue and swollen, her brown hair dripping wet. Cries and shrieks echoed through the crowd. For a moment, the attention was drawn away from the execution to the crying man cradling the woman’s head.
“But…but she’s dead already!” shouted a man.
Sarah jerked out of the man’s grasp. When he grabbed her arm again, she flung him into the crowd as if he weighed nothing more than a fly. Somehow, emotion was connected to her powers, but she wasn’t sure how to use it just yet. She inched closer when she noticed the woman’s finger twitching, indicating that there might be some life still lingering in her. Without giving it another thought, she rushed over and knelt down, placing her ear over the woman’s mouth to hear or feel for air. Nothing. Putting two fingers on her neck, she felt for a pulse. None. “Frank!”
He nodded and positioned himself at the woman’s chest. “Two-person CPR? What’s the ratio?”
Sarah looked up at Beth, still tied to the pole. “It’s been years. I don’t remember. How many?”
“Thirty to two,” she answered.
Sarah titled the woman’s head back and pinched her nostrils closed. Bending forward, she blew two breaths into her blue-lipped mouth.
Frank started chest compressions. “One and two and three and…”
“Gentle CPR won’t save her life!” yelled Beth. “Pump hard and fast. Push on her chest hard enough to compress the heart. Depress the chest wall about the width of an 800-page book. We need uninterrupted chest compressions of about 100 a minute.”
The man grabbed Frank’s shoulders, his face a mask of fury. “Get off of my wife, you freak of nature!”
“We’re only trying to help,” Sarah whispered.
“Listen, mister,” Beth yelled, “give them a chance. It might look strange, but they’ll bring her back to life.”
“Why would anyone kiss the dead, unless they’re dead themselves?” the husband hissed.
“Untie me,” Beth said. “I’m a nurse…a healer. I can save your wife.”
“It’s a trick!” a woman yelled. “The dead are beyond healing.”
Sarah gazed into the man’s eyes. “Do it! She isn’t dead yet, but we’re losing her. You’re wasting precious seconds that we need to save your wife’s life.”
He looked down at his wife and then up at the executioner, nodding. “Release the healer!”
Sarah’s attention focused back on the CPR. There was no way she was going to let the poor woman die.
An instant later, Beth appeared beside her and took Frank’s position, starting chest compressions. Sarah shot her a bitter smile, then focused on her breathing again.
The crowd fell silent, countless eyes peering at them. Sarah could feel beads of sweat gathering above her brows as she tried to ignore their probing gazes.
After several minutes passed, Beth finally said, “Got a pulse.”
The frail woman coughed, and water gushed out of her mouth. Her color went from blue to pink.
Her husband scooped her up in his arms, stroking her hair. “Oh, Mella!” He looked up at Sarah, then Frank and Beth. “Thank you! I cannot allow my wife’s saviors to be harmed, let alone killed. You saved my precious Mella. As magistrate of this village, I offer you pardon.” Glancing at the executioner, he ordered, “Untie the others. These people are free to go.”
Tears welled up in Sarah’s eyes as she met the magistrate’s eyes. “Thank you.” Sarah reached for her bag of gold and untied it. The villagers needed food, and she was going to do whatever she could to help. People surrounded her and started to shove and bump her as she tried to hand out coins. Getting trampled wasn’t in her plan, so she threw the gold up in the air and watched it fall like rain over the villagers’ heads. The crowd screamed with delight and scrambled for the coins, like children searching for candy from a broken piñata.
Beth pulled Sarah to her chest, tears shimmering in her eyes as she whispered, “That was so generous. I’m so happy to see you, girl.”
Sarah hugged her back tight. “Think I was going to let you guys fry?” From the corner of her eye, she noticed Frank helping to untie the others.
As soon as his hands were free, Steven hurried over and grabbed his camera bag, checking it over as if it was his child.
“Yes, your camera’s lovely. You won’t even find a scratch. We’re all great, too, just in case you were wondering,” Beth said.
“Let’s cruise out of here before these medieval nutcases change their minds,” Steven said to Beth once he realized his camera was, in fact, fine.
Adam scooped Sarah up and swung her around. “I owe you dinner, big time. You know what I’ve been thinking?”
“What?” Sarah loved his sparkling blue-green eyes and his laugh too. She looked up to him like a big brother.
“We’re not in California anymore.”
“Gee, really? I didn’t even notice.” Sarah rolled her eyes, smiling.
Adam’s eyes grew wide. “I saw…all of us saw the creatures for the very first time. It was mind-blowing! Did you see them?”
“I did! It was spectacular. I even managed to snap a few pics.”
“I knew they were real! I searched all over the world for them. Native Americans have been talking about mythical giant apes for centuries, and in legends handed down through the ages from Europe and Asia. And I saw them firsthand!” Adam could barely contain his excitement.
Sarah smiled. “It’s an amazing discovery!”
“I must be on my way now,” Jules announced. “Walk two hours north toward your destination. There, you will find a cave that should be safe for you to camp in for the night. It’s used all the time to escape immortal beings or hide things from them.”
“What?” she asked.
“As long as you are near or in the cave, Victor won’t be able to find you.”
“So it breaks the signal and keeps me off his radar. And he can’t find me?”
He nodded yes and then waved. “Goodbye, dear friends.”
Sarah nodded, a tight sensation choking her. “Thanks, Jules. I hope we’ll meet again. Send Mia our love.”
“I will. Just do not forget your promise to obtain the Gold Minerals of Life.”
“I won’t.” Sarah watched him smile and walk away.
Around them, the crowd had started to disperse, hurrying home after a long afternoon, some of them rushing off to buy much-needed food and supplies with the coins she’d shared. The sky had turned a dirty shade of gray, promising a cold night and possible rain. Even the air smelled damp, carrying the heavy promise of precipitation. If they were going to reach the cave before nightfall, they had to be on their way. Much to Sarah’s relief, the knights had long since disappeared, leaving no trace of their presence, as though they had never been looking for her.
“Ready to leave, guys?” she called out to the others.
Frank nodded and wrapped his arm around Sarah’s waist. Adam scowled as they walked down the well-worn path past several dilapidated cottages with candles burning on the windowsills and smoke rising from the chimneys.
They had barely reached a large meadow away from the village when darkness rushed in too quickly, a silver moon appearing in the sky. Sarah looked up at the black sky, worried and wondering if they’d be able to find the cave in the darkness. “You know what really bugs me?” she whispered to Frank.
“Besides me?”
“Well, yeah. How does it manage to get dark so quickly?”
He shrugged as though he didn’t care, but she could discern the deep set lines around his mouth.
“Dude, nice ring.” Steven pointed at her finger. “Didn’t know you were so loaded, buying antique jewelry and all. Otherwise I’d have charged more for my services.”
Sarah smiled and held up her hand. Any other would’ve pissed her off with such a remark, but Steven was quite the joker. He was bound to be forgiven for his trespasses.
Beth touched the ring, her eyes lighting up. “Now that’s a rock! How did you get it?”
Before Sarah could answer, she saw Adam shove Frank in the chest. He hissed, “She’s way too good for you, and you know it.”
They were fighting like two gorillas squaring off over a banana. Her team hated Frank more than anything, mostly because he’d spent his life trying to prove researchers wrong, and he’d been debunking their hard work for years.
Why couldn’t Adam behave? After all, he was the oldest out of the bunch, maybe in his late thirties. He smoothed out his brown hair to one side before putting his fedora hat back on. He was a true explorer if there ever was one, traveling from one part of the world to the other. He was definitely an asset to the team when he kept his temper in check.
“What’s your problem?” Frank yelled. “I just saved your sorry butt.”
“You’re my problem, punk.” Adam shoved him again. “I’d rather be here with anyone but you. I don’t see why Sarah told you the location of our expedition.”
“I didn’t tell him,” Sarah hissed. “He found us on his own. You know he’s a journalist…and apparently a stalker.”
Frank ran a hand through his hair. “I know you guys are pissed about some of my articles, but get your crap together. We’re in a different dimension here. Obviously, getting out of here is much more important than rehashing who did what to whom back in the twenty-first century.”
“You debunked us by name in that trash book you wrote.” Adam clenched his fists. “I should sue you for slander.”
Frank shrugged. “Suit yourself, but I’m pretty sure you won’t find an attorney here. You have to get home first, and that might be difficult since I’ve no intention to save your ass a second time.”
Adam lunged, the vein on his forehead ready to burst any minute.
Steven grabbed his arm and held him back. “Listen, man, we got bigger problems. He’s so not worth it.”
“He made us look like the laughingstocks of California,” Adam said. Even though he was still fuming, he took Steven’s advice and backed off. “I can’t believe Sarah would ever date a guy like that, let alone let him put his arm around her. Are you two shacking up or something now, Sarah? Sleeping with the enemy?”
As much as she would’ve liked to have convinced him otherwise, Steven was right. They had other worries to take care of first. Frank was often obnoxious, as were the claims he made in his book, but alienating him wasn’t an option. They needed all the manpower they could get, and he’d risked his hide more than once to save her. “It’s none of your business who I spend my time with. We’re all stuck here, so quit acting like preschoolers. Let’s figure out how to find my sister and then get the heck out of here!”
He looked at her, shaking his head slowly. “I don’t think you’re running this expedition anymore, boss.”
“That last word said it all.” She smirked. “As long as I’m paying you, you’ll do as I say, and as of right now, you’re still on my payroll.”
“Fine then. You’re the boss.”
“Wait…Liz? Your sister’s here?” Beth asked.
“I’ll explain later.” With a last warning look at Adam, Sarah turned and focused on the path ahead.
To both sides, large trees stretched as far as she could see, their thick canopy of leaves filtering the last natural light of the day. Branches and twigs snapped under their booted feet, the only noise exchanged between them until Beth resumed the conversation after a few minutes of walking. “So, you’re back with Frank? I thought you two split up.”
What is this? Why can’t people butt out of my private life? She opened her mouth to answer when Frank slipped his arm around her, beating her to it. “Listen, all you enquiring minds, we’re trying to work things out here. Digging up dirt isn’t going to help our blossoming relationship, so just shut the hell up, will ya?”
“You’re unbelievable! Such an idiot,” Beth said, unfazed. She went to slap Frank’s face, but he caught her hand.
“Listen, Beth, don’t start on me too. I hope we can all be friends.”
She rolled her eyes. “Not a chance.”
Steven turned on his camera and started filming the trees and narrow path. “Come on, man, that’s enough. Everybody stop. I apologize for their behavior, Sarah. Being stuck here with Frank Hedford is the pits, but we’re also stressed. You’ve no idea what we’ve been through. Fortunately, I caught it all on film.”
Sarah grabbed the camera and looked directly into the lens, anger edging her voice. “On the contrary, I just might have a feeling. It hasn’t exactly been champagne and caviar, limos and five-star hotels for us either. We’ve gone through quite a bit ourselves.”
Adam adjusted his fedora against the gust of wind blowing in their direction. “Well, we almost died countless times. Like Steven said, you’ve absolutely no idea.”
Sarah waved her finger in the air, showing off her ruby ring. “Well, you poor, poor babies. I mean, I was only mistaken for a princess and thrown in a dungeon crawling with bugs and rats. I was then forced to marry the king of Tastia, who just so happens to be an Immortal eager to impregnate me with a whole freaking medieval baseball team. He slapped this ring on my finger, and I can’t get it off, and now fireballs shoot out of my hands.” She took a breath and gathered her thoughts. “Oh, and did I mention I pissed him off by running away, and Frank and I had to fake being monks to escape him and his knights? If that’s not bad enough, the king of Dornia is pissed at me, too, and this is his turf. He wants me dead too. There’s also a group of Immortals who want to kill me because I became one without their permission, which is how I managed to get shot in the heart, and I’m not talking about eighties music here.”
Steven laughed. “Wait…fireballs? Shot in the heart? And you’re…married to a king? Wow, Sarah, you should start writing fiction. You’re pulling my leg. If someone shot you, you’d be dead as a stone, sweetheart.”
“She ain’t kidding,” Frank muttered. “And remember, I’m the skeptic here. I saw it all for myself.”
Sarah nodded. “Yes, I was shot directly in the heart and the back as well. I had to walk disguised as a monk through a village of knights whose only goal in life was to behead me. So Adam, do fill me in on your little horror story, won’t you? I’d love to hear it.”
Beth put an arm around her. “You were mistaken for a princess? And you married a king? Seriously? How come that stuff doesn’t happen to me?”
Sarah smacked her hand. “Stop it.”
Beth laughed. “But blondes are supposed to have more fun.”
Steven gave her a fist bump. “Yeah, baby! Us blonds have to stick together.”
She smiled, and then continued. “Is this king a good kisser? Was it nice and slow or fast and furious? And more importantly, if he was any kind of kisser at all, what in God’s name are you doing traipsing around poor villages and sleeping in caves when you could be sleeping in one of those fancy canopy beds ordering room service from the royal kitchen?”
“That’s enough!” Frank hissed.
“Oh!” Beth squealed. “Even better? Is he hot?”
“How about we don’t go there right now?” Frank asked.
Beth smiled. “Jealous? Bet you never thought you’d have any competition here, of all places. If I were you, Frank, I’d be worried—for more reasons than one. Just look at the muscles on some of these guys. A knight in shining armor is every girl’s dream…and don’t even get me started on the dark hair and broodiness.”
“Ain’t that the truth?” Sarah said as Victor’s face flashed across her mind. “Actually, it was Frank’s brilliant idea for me to marry the king, when he came to rescue me like a knight in shining armor.”
Steven cocked an eyebrow. “Say what?”
“Long story,” Frank said.
Adam ran his hand across Sarah’s forehead. “How hard did you hit your head, boss?”
“You better get your employee on a short leash, Sarah, or I’m going to slug him into next week,” said Frank, “or maybe last week. God knows around here.”
Beth cleared her throat. When everyone fell silent and she had their attention, she said, “While our little Sarah here was busy joining the royal family and impersonating a monk, we’ve discovered a few things. The cave’s still here, but there’s no portal back home. We tried to snoop around for a bit longer, but a ton of Bigfoots—or is it Bigfeet?—chased us out of the forest.”
“And I got it all on tape.” Steven’s voice went up an octave. “Six o’clock news, here we come! No—better yet—Discovery Channel!”
“There’s a way back,” Frank said. “You just need a key. Bet you didn’t know that part.”
“Frank!” Sarah elbowed him in the ribs. “Don’t be rude. Just because you stumbled across that little tidbit of information doesn’t mean you knew it all along. You got lucky.”
“Hmm. I don’t recall getting lucky…yet.”
“Shut up. I meant you got lucky with Jules…er, uh…” Sarah smacked her forehead and scowled at him. “You know what I mean.”
“A key?” Steven asked, interrupting their chiding. “How exactly do we get one of those? I haven’t seen a Ye Olde Portal Locksmith shop around here yet,” Steven asked.
“I’m wearing it.” Sarah held up her hand.
Steven pointed the camera down at her ring. “Awesome. Then what are we waiting for?”
Sarah rolled her eyes. “I told you I have to find my sister first. She’s here. She’s been here all along.”
“I thought you were delusional,” Adam said. “You’re for real?” When she nodded he continued, “Let’s hurry up then. This is a dangerous place. We can’t stay here one minute longer than we have to.”
“I’m carrying the key, so you know what that means, right?”
A couple of them nodded, but Adam just shook his head. “No. What?”
“It means everyone plays by my rules,” Sarah said. “Got it? I’m the one who married a complete stranger so we could all go home.”
Steven nodded. In the darkness, his pale skin and huge blue eyes gave him the appearance of a teenager. No one would’ve guessed he was at least her age. “Got it, boss. You went through some tough times, just like we all did.”
“Yeah. We were chased by a dragon south of here,” Beth said. “Can you believe that? A real-live dragon! Of course I guess it could have also been a dinosaur that hasn’t gone extinct yet.”
Steven smiled. “Yeah…and I got it all on tape!” He put his camera away in a giant bag and swung it over his shoulder.
“I wonder if that tops the shape-shifters that turned from wolves into people,” Sarah said.
“Whoa!” Steven’s voice raised another octave. “We need an entire expedition with at least fifty researchers.”
“We better go. I’ve already made enough enemies in this place,” said Sarah as she scanned her surroundings.
“Tell me more about the men trying to kill you,” Beth requested.
“Define kill. If you mean kill immediately, on sight, that would be King William’s men. If you’re talking kill after a speedy and slanted trial, that’d be the Immortals, some group called the Cardashian Court. If you’re talking about execution for being a runaway bride, that would be King Victor.”
“Wow. Throw in the mafia, a couple of Terminators, and a motorcycle gang, and you’ve got the makings of a real epic film here. You think you have enough killing machines after you?” Steven asked.
“Let’s just hope the shape-shifters don’t get mad. We lied to them too,” Frank said. “The last thing we need are a bunch of pissed-off werewolves after us. I guess you might say pissing people off is our specialty.”
“Well, that’s no news to me when it comes to you,” Adam said, “but it’s not Sarah’s normal M.O.”
Frank sighed. “Humph. In any case, there are several angry mobs hot on our trail. You might think twice before traveling with us.”
“But you have the key,” Adam said.
“I guess you’re stuck with us then,” said Frank. “I hate to interrupt this meaningful, pleasant conversation,” he continued, taking a deep breath and pointing behind him “but people with torches and pitchforks are never a good sign, right?”
Sarah followed his line of vision to the crowd gathering in the distance. Village people—and not the kind who liked to sing about the YMCA—were closing in from all sides, marching closer. Her gaze fell on the two men riding on white horses, leading the congregation. The ruby ring on the finger of one of them shimmered in the light as he lifted his arm to signal. “And neither are Immortals,” she muttered. “I can see their rings.”
Beth squinted. “How can you possibly see that far?”
Sarah shrugged. “I guess being Immortal comes with a good vision plan. How are you guys at fencing?”
“I’m no ninja,” Adam retorted.
Sarah backed up a few steps and glanced over her shoulder; they were at the edge of a steep cliff with a roaring river below. “From the looks of it, maybe we should be more worried about our diving skills. Everyone can swim, right?”
People hurried in their direction, the torches in their hands flickering in the breeze.
What the heck? Why the sudden 360? Listening closer, she could make out some of the shouts.
“Kill the witch!”
“Evil be damned!”
“Death to the intruders!”
“Save our world!”
“Make them beg! Make them bleed! Kill them for their evil deeds!” shouted one particularly creative mercenary who should have been equipped with a set of pompoms.
She groaned, irritated. What makes them think we’re witches? Did the Immortals tell them that? She took a glance over the cliff and shuddered. “Ready to do some nighttime cliff-diving, team? I know I’m not, but it might be our only chance.”
“Well,” Frank said, “we’d better get to it while the adrenaline’s pumping. Let’s do this.”
She looked at the others. “You guys up for it?”
Shaking her head, Beth grabbed Sarah’s arm, her eyes filled with unspoken terror. “Sarah, I…I can’t! I can’t do it.”
“Now’s not the time to wuss out on me, Beth.” Sarah gave her a shove forward. “This is your life we’re talking about.”
“They’re getting closer!” Adam said.
“JUMP!” Sarah yelled.
“I can’t!” Beth screamed.
“Beth, you have to!”
“No, I mean I really…I can’t because…because—”
“Why not? C’mon! You can do it!”
“I can’t because I’m pregnant!” she said, shaking her head. It wasn’t exactly how she wanted to break the news to everybody.
“Oh my gosh! Jump then, for the sake of your child. If you don’t, they will kill you. They’ll kill all of us, because we’re not leaving you behind.”
Beth’s eyes wavered as she glanced over her shoulder. “Looks like I don’t have a choice.” Taking a last breath and wiping the tears from her eyes, she leapt.
“GERONIMO!” Steven yelled as he jumped into the air, realizing the mob would have no idea who he was paying homage to with his yell.
Sarah shot a glance over her shoulder at her Immortal pursuers. If she wanted to survive in that mad world, she had to know what to look out for in the future. They weren’t wearing the colors or bearing the crests of King William or King Victor. Their pale skin shimmered in the bright light of the moon. She could discern their eye color, hazel and green, even from such a distance, as well as the ruby-red glint of their Immortal jewelry.
“You’re going to the Cardashian Court!” the blond one yelled.
“Like hell I am,” Sarah mumbled. Daggers flew inches from her face. Before she could move aside, one pierced her right shoulder blade. Another one flew into her chest, inches from where the arrow had pierced her flesh before. She spun around and jumped just as another one plunged deep into her back.






Chapter 14

Jumping off a sixty-foot cliff did seem ridiculous, but Sarah knew they had no other choice. Tumbling, cold water gushed into her mouth and soaked her clothes, pulling her under the surface. She pinched her nose, fighting the sensation to draw in her breath, her lungs on fire. With deliberate, long pushes of her legs and arms, she broke the surface and spewed out water, her whole body screaming for oxygen. She took giant gulps of air as she gazed up. In the distance, the dark shapes of the Immortals rose against the almost black sky; they were still mounted on their fancy white horses, looking down on her from their place atop the high cliffs. 
She smiled and waved her hand. “So long, suckers!” Sarah’s vision sharpened quickly. From this distance, she thought she could even see deep lines forming around the blond guy’s mouth, his eyes two glimmering flames of anger.
Suddenly, his voice rolled across her mind. “My name is Ethano. You’ve been summoned by the Cardashian Court to be tried for the crime of claiming Immortal status without permission. This is forbidden by King Taggert, and now you must be judged. Know that I too, can easily jump over this cliff. I recommend that you stop fleeing, because you will be caught and tried eventually, one way or another.”
“I’m sorry I broke your laws!” shouted Sarah. “Truly, it was an accident. I didn’t know anything about the Immortals or this world of yours!” Gasping for breath, she swam toward shore until her feet touched the ground beneath her. Sarah waded through the waist-high current that pulled at her hips and legs with a violent undertow. Pebbles and sand shifted under her feet. She climbed out, shivering as a cold breeze ran over her body. Piercing pain radiated across her chest and back. She bit her lip and held back a moan. Finding her friends was more important than focusing on a little discomfort—or a lot of pain. She took another deep breath and forged ahead. “Frank!” she called through the moonlight, stopping midstride to scan the area. Shadows stretched and shifted in the trees. Squinting, she peered closer until she could make out figures in the distance, hopefully her friends, leaning against black boulders, catching their breath. She raced over, calling out their names.
Frank grabbed her arms. “Are you okay, babe?”
“We have to…to keep going,” Sarah said, breathing heavily. “They’re…they’re coming over the cliff. They’re…right behind us!”
“Sit down for a minute, Sarah,” Beth ordered. “You’re hurt, and you need to catch your breath.”
“No. There’s no time.”
“But I don’t see anybody,” Beth said, looking back.
Sarah glanced up. The two Immortals had disappeared into the darkness. Maybe Ethano didn’t want to get wet after all, but she was sure he’d come a different way.
“Sit down! You’re drenched and shaking,” Beth ordered, guiding her to a nearby tree.
Sarah shook her head. “No! We don’t have time for this nonsense. They could reach us any minute.”
“Oh my Gosh! Are you…bleeding?” Beth held her hands up to her face, smelling the dark stains covering her pale skin. Her blue eyes shone big and bright in the dim moonlight. “Sarah, you could be hurt bad. It’s too dark to tell for sure, but you’re in no condition to go anywhere.”
“I’m sure your condition is more delicate than mine,” Sarah whispered in her ear.
“I’m fine. Now drop it,” Beth hissed. “I’d rather not talk about it right now.”
Sarah regarded her intently. She was sure Beth was hiding something, because most pregnant women she knew were happy to tell the world about it.
“Dude, is that blood?” Steven said, inching closer.
Sarah looked down and noticed she’d been hit three times.
Adam shook his head. “We’ve got to find a doctor. You’re bleeding like a stuck pig.”
“A pig, huh?”
“Sorry.”
“It’s just a scratch anyway. Don’t worry.” Sarah gripped the dagger tightly and moaned as she pulled it out.
“Stop that!” Beth grabbed her hand and pulled Sarah to the ground, elevating her feet with a rock. “If you elevate your legs above your chest, it will slow your blood loss.”
“We don’t have time for you to play nurse,” Sarah said.
“Well, I’m all up for playing doctor if you want,” Frank joked.
Sarah rolled her eyes at him and offered Beth a grateful look. In spite of the seriousness of the situation, she decided to let Beth have her way. Helping everyone else was what her friend did. She just couldn’t help herself.
Beth rolled her eyes. “I know you’re not used to taking orders, especially now that you’re a queen and all.” She smiled. “But this time, Your Highness, you need to listen to one of your humble servants who knows a thing or two more than you do about anatomy.”
“She’s right,” Adam said. “And quit trying to pull out those daggers. We don’t even have a medic here.”
“No use to call 911. Sarah will be over it before they get here,” Frank said, placing his hands over Sarah’s wound to apply pressure.
She glared up at Frank. “I’d really like to know why I’m the one getting shot at with arrows and having daggers thrown at me. Last time I checked, putting this stupid ring on and marrying that king was your dumb idea. What did Jules call it? A fool’s plan?”
He lifted his hands and peeked at the wound. “I’m sorry, Sarah. Really, I had no idea we’d get in so deep.”
“That’s the problem,” Beth hissed, pushing his hands away. “The Frank I know never thinks, just acts on his impulses. Maybe he’ll learn one day that consequences are part of life.”
“Look, can we just stop all this bickering and chitchat and do something?” Adam said in a frustrated tone. “Beth, Sarah’s gonna bleed out or get an infection if we don’t figure something out, and I’m pretty sure there’s not a Walgreen’s around here for bandages and peroxide.”
Beth touched her forehead, then took her pulse. “It’s rapid. Her skin’s cold, pale, and clammy. She’s going into shock! We have to control the bleeding and keep her warm. Better yet, we need to get her through the portal and to the closest ER!”
“She’ll never live that long!” Adam pushed Frank out of the way and frantically applied more pressure, making Sarah cringe in pain. “Look out, Frank. Let me take over here. Maybe I can do something other than make jokes and wait for some magic cure.”
Sarah shook her head. “No, listen, Frank’s right. I—”
Steven cut her off. “Look, no one’s gonna die. I’ll run to the next village, and I won’t come back without a doc.”
Sarah knew if she didn’t do something to stop all the debating, they’d still be sitting there in a week, if the Immortals didn’t show up and get rid of them first. As much as she valued their concern, she was still the team leader, and she had to get a grip on the situation because being stuck there any longer than necessary wasn’t an option. Rolling her eyes, Sarah held up a hand. “No, Steven, you’re not going off by yourself. I’m fine. Look.” She wrapped her hands around the second dagger and pulled once again, groaning. The blade moved out inch by inch, leaving a hollow emptiness behind. She held it up with a triumphant smile, even though the others could probably not see her in the darkness. “Now we’ve got two weapons.”
“See? She’s delirious already. She’s not going to make it if we don’t do something drastic,” Adam said. “Steven, c’mon. I’ll go with you, and we’ll drag the local witch doctor back here.”
Frank smiled. “You guys got a death-wish or something? She’s fine. This is nothing.”
“What does Sarah see in you?” Adam rolled his eyes. “Her life’s hanging in the balance, and you couldn’t care less.”
“No…you don’t understand,” whispered Sarah, trying to breathe through the pain.
Frank let up on the pressure. “What happened here is nothing compared to what she took earlier. Like I told you, she was shot in the heart before, and she lived.”
“So she was just lucky,” Adam said. “Karma probably owed her that after having to put up with you!”
“No. She’s Immortal, you idiot.” Frank shook his head, as if he could barely believe the words coming out of his own mouth. “Haven’t you been listening to anything we’ve been saying?”
Adam stood and shook out his wet fedora. “I don’t make it a habit to listen to your nonsense.”
Frank threw his arms up. “Whoa! Now who’s the skeptic?” He nudged Steven. “Did you get that on camera?”
“Think I will.” Steven unzipped his bag and started to film. “Dude, thank goodness my camera bag’s waterproof.”
With the knives out, her skin started to burn, and the healing process began. She gnashed her teeth against the first pang of pain hitting her somewhere in the chest. Adam held her hand as more pain radiated through her body. She peeked up, forcing her mouth into a weak smile so she wouldn’t scream. “What Frank…what he says…it’s true.”
“Hold steady,” Frank whispered.
She nodded as she felt his hand tighten around the third dagger in her back.
He pulled, and a moment later, he held the dagger out to her. “Here’s number three.”
Sarah pulled down her robe, exposing her bare shoulder. Cringing, she looked away; the bright red tissue, blood, and tendon made her nauseous. “Now watch.”
Adam cringed. “No way! I’m not looking at that.”
“You need to,” Sarah said. “All of you need to see it with your own eyes. Otherwise, you won’t believe it.”
In the bright moonlight, the wound began to shrink. Sarah bit her lip against the piercing pain that made her body tremble. With every inch that closed, a strong tremor ran up and down her spine, and the pain grew in intensity. Just when she thought she couldn’t take the pain any longer, the gash finally disappeared before their eyes.
Adam gasped and ran his hand across her skin. “How…how is that possible? How did you do it?”
“It’s the ring.”
He met her gaze. “Well, I don’t know what to say.”
“Say you believe us now.”
He nodded, awestruck.
Beth traced her skin with her fingers. “I’ve never seen anything like that before.”
“And I got it all on camera!” Steven said. “Yeah, baby!”
“If you’re feeling better, Sarah, we really should get a move-on,” Frank said.
“Definitely.” She stood, but she doubled over when a piercing pain hit her abdomen. “My stomach! It feels like somebody just stabbed me.”
“What? How?” Frank touched her back and eased her back down to the ground.
A picture flashed in her head: wavy black hair swaying in a cold breeze as mist built in front of a pale face. It was Victor, fighting the same two Immortals she’d just seen in the meadow. Blood trickled from a wound in his abdomen, but he still raised his sword and fought like some kind of brave warrior. Then, as quickly as it had come upon her, the vision faded. “He’s here! Right where we jumped.”
Beth rubbed her back. “Who?”
“Victor,” Sarah whispered. “I saw him in some freaky vision.” She raised her hand to rub her eyes, but more spots clouded her vision, drawing her into a sense of floating.
“Your, uh, husband?” Steven asked. “Are you sure it’s not just separation anxiety?”
Beth slugged him. “Her fake husband, you moron.”
“Victor took down the two Immortals who were chasing us,” said Sarah. “That was why they didn’t jump over the cliff to follow us like they threatened.”
“Can you walk?” Frank asked. When she nodded, he wrapped his arm around her waist to support her and pulled her closer, until she leaned into him.
Electricity flooded Sarah’s body, and she went limp. Her friends shouted and shook her, but their voices trailed off. The picture in her head returned to the meadow. The two Immortals lay in the grass unconscious, under the silver light of the moon. She stood only feet away from Victor. Over his white long-sleeved shirt, he wore a gold metal ringed tunic, and his legs were clothed in short purple knickers and tights. As he towered over her, she stared straight ahead at the center of his broad chest and powerful arms. She was scared to death to meet his gaze.
She scanned her surroundings. A roaring river echoed in her ears, and she stood on the same cliff she’d just jumped from minutes earlier. Her friends were gone, and she was in the meadow with Victor.
“I know you’re here. I can feel you. Haven’t you figured out that the ring bonds us? We have a connection like none other, my Queen.”
Her breath trembled. It was all beyond weird. There was some pretty freaky psychic vibe going, but at least he couldn’t see her. Now, how do I get out of this little hallucination? She wondered.
He turned slowly in a circle, his eyes scanning the area as though he was looking for her. “I’m sorry I burned your finger, but it was the only way to show the Shadow People who you really were. It saved your life. I did it to protect you, to protect us.”
“Wait…back there with the shape-shifters? That was you?” she said out loud.
Victor tilted her chin, looking directly into her eyes. It was like as if she was simultaneously there with him and still down by the river with her friends. How is this even possible? Wait a minute…I’m…I’m not human anymore, right? This is because I’m…because I’m Immortal. The idea haunted her.
“I can see you now. What a beautiful vision you are, like an angel,” Victor said.
She rubbed her temples, hoping to escape the vision. “Get out of my head!”
“Do you know how close you came to death, love? The Immortals missed you by mere minutes.”
“Why would you care? You threatened to kill me yourself.”
His lips captured hers in a slow, gentle kiss, sending shivers throughout her body. “You are my wife, and I will fight for you in that regard, even if you aren’t Princess Gloria.”
He knows? Crap! Her heart thundered as she bit her lip, scanning his eyes; his face was a cold mask, betraying no emotion. She shook her head slightly, a fool for feeling so guilty. “I’m sorry I misled you. Surely we can have this scam of a marriage annulled or something. Please tell me the secret to removing the ring.”
“There is no way. We are bonded for eternity.”
She stepped back to escape the happy glint in his eyes. “I tried to tell you I wasn’t Princess Gloria, but you didn’t listen. You said if I didn’t go through with it, you’d kill me.”
“That wasn’t your only motivation, and you know it,” he said softly.
Sarah gulped. How did he know of my ulterior motive, to obtain the ring so I—so we—can go home?
He stroked her cheek. “You didn’t think I’d figure it out, but it turns out that Mia valued her life more than keeping your secrets, Your Highness.”
Her body trembled, and her heart raced. “But I didn’t know what it meant to put the ring on. I truly didn’t. I just want to go home. Getting you in trouble with the court wasn’t my intention. I’m sorry. I just…I just don’t belong here.”
He took a deep breath, regarding her intently as he slowly shook his head. “I’m not in trouble. You, on the other hand, are buried beneath it.”
“Yeah, so I’ve learned.”
“I see you’ve been busy testing your new immortality,” he said, smirking. “You were wounded in the heart, the back, the chest, and the shoulder. I felt it, every tear of your flesh, and I know you just felt the blow to my stomach.”
“Yeah. That hurt.” Realization hit her full force: The ring really did somehow connect them, and they could feel what one another felt. “I know I’ve ruined all of your plans,” Sarah said. “I’m afraid I will be of little help in contaminating that bloodline for you.”
“It wasn’t about that, although that would’ve made King William’s blood boil.”
“What? So, let me get this straight. All this time you really didn’t want to contaminate the royal bloodline?”
“No.”
“Then why?”
“The idea to marry Princess Gloria was a brilliant military strategy. If I had connected myself to her the way I’m connected to you, I would have King William at my beck and call. If he laid one hand on me, his beloved daughter would’ve felt any pain he inflicted upon me. He could never bear that, for he loves her way too much to make her suffer, even for a moment. As such, he would be forced to obey every command I barked out and submit to my rule as long as he lived. I could have marched right into enemy territory, and not one of his men would have touched a hair on my head. I could have been so bold to walk up to King William himself, in his castle, and spit in his face, and he still wouldn’t kill me.”
“Maybe, but now he still can, since I’m not his precious daughter,” Sarah said a bit flippantly, growing weary of talking to her bully of a spouse. “Too bad you screwed up and married the wrong person.”
“I don’t care about those plans anymore,” he whispered, cupping her face.
She touched his hand. “I get it. Your plans flopped, so now I’m your consolation prize. Why don’t you cut your losses and release me?”
Moonlight shone against his disheveled hair. “I loved how your eyes lit up when I kissed you after our vows. There’s a spark there that even you cannot deny. We both felt it, and you know it. Why fight it?”
“Let me go, Victor,” she whispered. “It’s better this way, especially since I don’t belong here.”
“You’re like no other woman in this kingdom. I’ve never met such a free spirit. You’re just as strong-willed as I am. Finally, I have met my match, an equal—a true partner. How can I let you go? I’ve been waiting for someone like you for hundreds of years. It was fate that I found you instead of Gloria, and I wouldn’t change it for anything.” He pulled her closer. “I can help you with the Immortals, but you have to come with me. I am personal friends with King Taggert, who resides over the Cardashian Court and all Immortals.”
“I heard you’re next in line to rule this world once your dying king takes his last breath.”
He nodded. “Yes. I am well connected, and I can and will use that influence to my advantage to see that nothing happens to you. Please let me help you.”
“And never go home to my world?”
“Your home is here with me now, ruling by my side.”
She reached for his hands to make one last plea. “Go back to your castle. Forget about me. I have to run one quick errand, and then I’m going back home.”
“Heading into deeper enemy territory to find your sister, are you? Do you want to get us both killed?”
She gazed up into his blue eyes. “Don’t follow me, and you won’t have to worry about it.”
“Let me come with you. I assure you that I can help.”
“No way!” she demanded, certain he’d say anything to get her back in his grasp.
“I can’t let you go deeper into Dornia without me. I hate to do this, but it’s the only way. I’m sorry. I need you to surrender to me now.” He closed his eyes and repeated his command in a stern voice.
She could feel him at the edge of her mind, trying to break in. Closing her eyes, she tried to break out of the vision and go back to her friends, but her mind would not let go of him; it was as if he was held there, captive, right before her eyes. She could smell his woody scent, and her skin still felt his light caress on her bare arms.
He kissed her forehead. “Don’t fight it. I’m hundreds of years old, while you are merely an infant, only a day old as far as Immortals go. I’m doing all of this to save your life.”
She could feel him stroking her hair, his hot breath on her cheek.
“I can’t let you die,” he said.
“These feelings we’re having…it’s just because of the ring,” Sarah reasoned, trying to convince herself as much as she was trying to convince him.
He picked up her hand, touching her finger. “This ring is capable of more than you know, but one thing it cannot do is force someone to fall in love where those feelings do not exist. I can sense what you feel. It’s stronger than your will, yet you frivolously try to run from it, from me?”
Sarah fought to wake up, but it was no use.
“Wait for me along the river’s edge,” he commanded. “Come alone.”
A burst of heat spread through her body, and everything seemed clear. Why am I even running? Of course I must surrender to him. I’m his…his wife. He’s only trying to save my life. If he says it’s dangerous to go into Dornia, he must be telling me the truth. This is his world, and I need him if I’m to survive in it.
“I’ll be there soon,” he whispered in her ear.
“I’ll wait for you at the river’s edge, my King.”
Like through a tunnel, she could hear the voices of her friends breaking through.
Beth yanked on her finger. “Get that ring off!”
“That’s not the way it works,” Frank explained. “We’ve tried everything, and it won’t budge.”
She felt somebody rocking her back and forth, shaking her. “Snap her out of it!” said Adam.
Panic flickered in Frank’s voice. “I’m trying!”
“How did he hypnotize her like that?” asked Steven.
Ice-cold water rushed over her skin. She blinked as if waking up from some kind of long nap. Pushing the hair out of her face, the rushing river echoed in her ears. I’m back in the river? Her gaze darted up to her friends’ faces, staring at her. “I felt like a swim?”
Steven touched her shoulder. “Yo, man, what happened? You were in some kind of freaky trance. We thought dunking you in the cold water would snap you out of it.”
“Sorry ‘bout the bath.” Beth helped Sarah to her feet. “You walked to the river to meet Victor.”
Sarah cupped a hand over her mouth. “How do you know that?”
“You told us,” Adam said, rubbing his arm. “You were on some kind of mission. I tried to stop you, but you threw me against that tree like ragdoll. We didn’t know what else to do.”
“It’s okay…and, um, I’m so sorry about your arm. I guess I don’t know my own strength, especially when I’m in Zombie Land.” Sarah stood and glanced up at Frank. “He can feel everything I can, and I can feel everything he does. He was stabbed in the stomach while fighting the two Immortals we saw. That was why I fell down in pain—his pain.”
“How’re you feeling now?” he asked.
“I’m fine. He healed quickly.”
“So if we keep ourselves safe and he gets hurt, then Sarah pays?” Adam asked . “He’s bound to get some bumps and bruises along the way, considering he’s in enemy territory.”
Sarah shook her head. “Add that to our long list of problems.” She put a hand to her head. “I can sense him. He’s close.” Looking up, she gasped. Victor was mounted on a white horse riding along the cliff’s edge, wind blowing through his dark hair, blue eyes blazing as he met her gaze.
“I can see a figure, a man,” Beth said. “He’s hard to make out. Can any of you guys see him?”
Sarah could see him perfectly, down to his dimple. Anger flooded through her as she held up her hand with the ruby ring. How dare he use his powers to control me? Who does he think he is? Her voice echoed into the cliffs. “I don’t want to be Immortal! I want my life back. Do you hear me? I’m going to figure out a way to get this ring off, and when I do, I don’t ever want to see you again!” He stared into her eyes, and her knees weakened. Am I…am I going to faint? Clearly, he was using his psychic ability, showering her with mumbo-jumbo again. She could feel herself losing control as his voice filled her mind: “Come to me now.”
Beth tugged at her arm. “Do something…quick! She’s going into that trance again.”
“Why do you engage him?” asked Adam, shaking Sarah. “You know he has those freaky mind skills. Come on!”
Sarah’s legs wouldn’t budge, though, no matter how hard she tried. It was as if she had no choice but to wait for Victor. Closing her eyes, she could feel him. He was so close she thought she could touch him. She reached out her hand and collapsed.
“Great. She’s back in Zombie Land,” Steven said through the blanket of fog that enveloped her mind.
Somebody scooped her up. “I’ve got her!” Frank said. “C’mon. It’s about time we break the connection between her and Houdummy.”
Sarah opened her eyes and found herself being carried. She looked up into green eyes. “Frank,” she whispered.
He motioned the others to stop as he laid her down on the ground. “She’s coming to.”
Sarah’s mind started to clear at the sound of Frank’s voice. He helped her stand on her feet and touched her shoulders at arm’s length. “You okay?”
She nodded.
The others stopped, and Beth rubbed her back. “You sure you’re all right, Sarah?”
Sarah hated being the damsel in distress. “Listen, I’m fine, but thanks for asking. Let’s keep moving.”
“Look!” Adam yelled. “The king just got off his horse, and he’s standing by the cliff. I bet he’s going to jump down. He’ll be here in seconds, man!”
Sarah rushed back through the vegetation.
“Sarah!” Beth shouted. “Do not engage the king. Get back here!”
There was no way he was going to drag her back to his castle. She felt a sudden jolt of electricity rushing through her body as her hands glowed and crackled with balls of energy. Focusing on Victor, she whipped her hand back and flung a fireball straight up at him. He fell backward just as darkness enveloped her and spots danced in her vision. Oh no! I’m going to pass out.
Sarah fluttered her eyes opened and felt the cold ground.
“Dude!” Steven shouted. “Whoa! You’re like some kind of superhero. I want powers like that! The way you flung that fireball was like something straight out of X-Men! You just—”
“Steven, that’s enough.” Beth touched her forehead. “I guess you can feel what he does. You knocked yourself out right along with him, Sarah.”
Sarah slowly sat up and groaned as a rush of dizziness flooded over her. “Oh gosh.”
“I was wondering when you were going to wake up,” Steven said. “We’ve found the cave and everything.”
Adam touched her shoulder. “You’ve been out for nearly two hours.”
Sarah moaned. “I know. Me and my bright ideas. At least I stopped him from following us for a little while.” She rubbed her temples. “I’m so sorry about passing out. I’m sure whoever carried me has a sore back.”
Frank raised a hand. “That’d be me. I could sure use a massage, Your Highness.”
Beth rolled her eyes. “You’re such an idiot.”
Frank shot her a glare when Steven changed the subject. “Why doesn’t the royal dude just go look for someone else to marry?”
“Because,” Sarah began. “The Immortals only get one chance to bond with someone, and he wasted his opportunity on me, thinking I was Princess Gloria. Immortal idiot.”
“Well, yeah, if you completely ruined his game, I guess he would be pretty royally ticked off,” Steven said. “Pardon the pun.”
Beth sighed. “Geesh, Steven.”
Sarah stood. “He says he’s not ticked off at me and that he doesn’t care about whatever little agenda he previously had going. He’s just glad fate stepped in and that we met.”
“Don’t trust him!” Adam said. “That could be a ploy to get you into his grasp. He could throw you in a dungeon for the rest of your life or worse…kill you.”
“I know.”
Adam started picking up small twigs. “Let’s get a fire going and we’ll start fresh in the morning. So where to, boss?”
“When we wake up, we’ll head north to Ripteenia. We need to find Charles, the man my sister ran off with. Maybe she lives there with him, or maybe we could find his family. Anyway, let’s get some rest. I’m beat…and hungry.”
“Hey, any chance Dominos delivers around here?” Frank asked.
“Right. In thirty decades or less,” Beth said, rolling her eyes yet again. “Besides, between yours and Steven’s stupid jokes, I think we’ve already got plenty of extra cheese.”

* * *

The fire crackled as hot embers floated into the night air as they camped in the cave Jules had clued them in on. Frank, Adam, and Steven had already fallen asleep.
Sarah smiled at Beth. “Looks like it’s just us gals.”
“Great,” she said. “Maybe you can fill me in on how you managed to tie the knot with that gorgeous king…or even better, what’s up with you and Frank?”
Sarah hesitated. “I guess I can say it’s complicated on both counts.”
Beth grinned and sat down next to her. “I like complicated…and I’ve got all night. We don’t need our beauty sleep as much as those three do,” she said, glancing back at the snoring men.
Sarah laughed. “You have a point.” She glanced down at the ring. “I married the guy because I had no other choice,” she began, then went on to explain the entire story. It sounded insane, even to her, and she was the one who’d lived through it.
Beth squeezed her hand. “Don’t worry. We’ll find your sister. I’m so glad you found out she’s here in this place because the ‘not knowing part’ was killing you inside.”
Sarah nodded as tears welled up in her eyes.
“I know she’s a beautiful person. I can’t wait to meet her.”
“That means so much to me, Beth.”
“Let’s talk about the king. So he’s hot and a great kisser?” Beth asked.
Sarah’s heart fluttered. “Yes, the best kisser I’ve ever had.”
“Hmm. In that case, why would you feel so guilty about being drawn to him? I’d die to have a powerful king chasing after me.”
“For one, I’m pretty sure the only part of me he wants is my head on a silver platter. In my vision, it seemed like that wasn’t the case, but I don’t trust him. He could be trying to trick me so he can drag me back to his castle for a public execution—to make an example of me since I made a fool of him.”
Beth shook her head. “After the kiss you shared? Girlfriend, I don’t think so. I think that’s what you’re telling yourself, but you’re just running from what you feel. You’ve been hurt by men your entire life, so you put this shield up to protect yourself from any more pain. But somehow, I think Victor has gotten past it. Something tells me you’ve fallen for him…hard.”
But I haven’t…have I? Sarah set her jaw, her eyes shifting to the flickering fire bathing half of the cave in a soft glow. “Whatever. Nobody can fall in love that quick, especially with a complete stranger who starts off by kidnapping you and throwing you in a dungeon.”
“You started off on the wrong foot. But he was in the middle of a war and thought you were the enemy king’s daughter. He knows the truth now and things are different.” She grinned widely. “You got it bad for him. Your eyes are a dead giveaway. You light up every time you say his name.”
“You should have heard the pride in his voice when he introduced me as his wife to everyone as he paraded me through the crowd of people. I had on this fancy wedding gown and this gorgeous crown, and he looked so handsome. I felt like Cinderella, like I was in the middle of some fairytale, some dream.”
“See?”
“But that’s just it. None of it was real.”
“How so? You were there. He was there. It was as real as this cave is—as real as that ring on your finger, Sarah.”
“What I mean is that everything was based on a lie. He’d never marry a peasant like me. He’s next in line to rule the Cardashian Court. And it won’t be long now, because their Immortal king is dying. Anyway, once he takes the title, it’ll make him the most powerful person in this world. What would somebody like that want with somebody like me?”
“Don’t be so hard on yourself. He knows the truth—that you’re not really the princess—yet he still wants you.”
“The thing is, I can’t stop thinking about him.” Sarah smirked. “Especially that kiss.”
“How does Frank fit into this equation?”
She shook her head. “I don’t know. Frank and I were kind of getting back together, but—”
“But your tall, dark, handsome King Kiss-a-lot is coming between the two of you?”
“Nobody has ever made me feel the way Victor did, and I hardly know him. I know it sounds absolutely crazy. I don’t even understand it myself. We have this spark, this connection, this passion, and this chemistry that blows me away. It’s amazing…yet it scares me. Frank was the last straw, and it was because of him that I’d sworn off men. I just can’t win in the game of love. I guess it’s fine for everyone else, but romance is not for me, fairytale or not.”
“It’s not just your eyes.”
“What?” Sarah asked.
“When you talk about your new husband, it’s not just your eyes that light up, but your entire face and even your voice.”
Sarah giggled and gazed down at the ring, touching it, remembering how he’d slid it on and declared his undying devotion. “Really? Even if he was telling the truth and doesn’t want to kill me, I can’t spend my life here in this world. It’s not where I belong.”
“Follow your heart, Sarah. That’s the only way to know where you really belong.”
“You do realize they only say stuff like that in movies.”
Beth smirked. “Meh. It can happen in real life too.”
“I hope he’s not mad at me for knocking him out, but I can feel that he’s all right now.” Sarah lowered her gaze to her ring again. The soft light bounced from the red gemstone, shimmering unnaturally bright. “I just need to find a way to get this ring off, find my sister, and go home. But enough about me. How’re you feeling?”
Beth rubbed her stomach. “I’m four months along. They tell me I’m having a bouncing baby boy. I guess he did a lot of bouncing when we jumped off that cliff today. I’m pretty sure that would have been against doctor’s orders.”
“I didn’t realize you were even dating anyone. Who’s the lucky guy?”
“Um, I am not really dating—nothing serious anyway. I met this hot guy in a bar, and we downed a couple of pitchers together, drowning our loneliness away I guess. One thing led to another, and…well, bingo, I’m knocked up.”
“Does he know?”
Beth shook her head. “Nope, and I prefer to keep it that way. I don’t need his help or his money. Besides, he’s too hung up on some other chick now. Plus, he’d never understand my research.”
“Kind of like Frank?”
“Definitely…and unfortunately.” Beth laughed, brushing a stray strand of hair out of her face.
Sarah hesitated, considering her words. She didn’t want to make promises she couldn’t keep, but she wanted to help Beth feel better. The baby’s wellbeing depended on it. “Well, you know I’m always here for you, and I never got a chance to officially congratulate you.” Sarah reached over and hugged her.
“Thank you,” Beth said between sniffles.
“What’s wrong?”
“I can’t…Sarah, I just can’t have this baby here.” Beth hugged her more tightly. “What if we don’t get back home in time?”
“You’re only four months along, Beth. That gives you five months! We’ll be back home way before that baby’s born, and I’m going to spoil him rotten.”
“I’m not usually such a wimp or a cry baby. I’m sure it’s just the hormones,” Beth said. “I’m sorry.”
“You’ve got nothing to apologize for.”
Tears streamed down Beth’s face. “If we do get stuck here, what about my epidural?”
“Honey, women have been having babies naturally for generations. You will deliver your son one way or another, and you’ll both be fine.”
Beth smirked. “Yeah, I get that, but I’m not like other women. I’m not a fan of pain. They have to knock me out just to pull a tooth, and that’s a lot different than yanking an eight-pound baby out of me!”
“We’re going to get you back home, and you’re going to be a fantastic mom.”
Beth hugged her Sarah tightly, burying her face in her hair. “You’re such a wonderful friend. I really don’t deserve you.”
Sarah smiled and rubbed a hand over Beth’s back, soothing her. She wasn’t sure about the wonderful friend part. If they didn’t get back home, Beth’s child might just be born in the Middle Ages, and Beth would be in danger of losing her life in childbirth like so many mothers of that era did. Sarah had already suffered the loss of her sister; losing a friend was not an option.






Chapter 15

The iron gate, faded and rusted in patches from years of rain and snow, creaked as Sarah opened it and walked through. The moon hung high above the horizon, casting a silver hue over the trees on either side of the road. At that time of day, the village seemed deserted, devoid of life, reminding Sarah of a ghost town minus the eerie wind and hundreds of eyes peering from behind closed curtains. Her feet thudded across the bare ground as she led the way to the first tiny house with whitewashed walls and flowerpots on the windowsills. Stopping, she spun in a slow circle. How are we going to find anything out if the entire town is asleep? “Are you sure this is Ripteenia?”
Frank nodded. “Yep, the one and only. Maybe we should split up—you know, start asking some questions.”
“Sure.” Sarah shot him an amused look. “I’m sure they’ll be happy to accommodate us, particularly if we show up knocking so early in the morning, in a world where robbing and burning down villages is as common as baking bread.”
“Do you have a better idea?”
She shrugged. “Let’s look around and see what we can find out on our own before we wake up the entire town. Some people can be real nasty if they don’t get their beauty sleep.”
“Sounds reasonable.” Beth pulled Frank’s hand. “C’mon.”
Frank’s gaze lingered on Sarah and she motioned with a laugh. “Go on. You guys go that way, and me and the guys will go the other.”
“I can protect her just as well as you can,” Adam said to Frank’s arched eyebrow.
Men—always trying to out-macho each other, Sarah thought with a sigh. “Actually, guys, I think I’m well capable of protecting myself. Technically, you can’t even take a bullet for me.”
Frank glanced over his shoulder and winked. “Hmm. I wonder if I could get the jump on inventing bulletproof vests—or bullets, for that matter. Any idea where Ye Olde Patent Office is around here?”
Beth sighed and took charge, leading Frank away. “C’mon, Frank.”
Adam smiled. “I told her to do it. Come to think of it, I actually begged.”
“What for?”
Adam shrugged. “Just needed a break from your lover boy, I guess.”
She could only hope Beth wasn’t embarrassing her. Frank was not necessarily her idea of Prince Charming, but he wasn’t such a bad choice. He was surely better than an Immortal sociopath who was trying to marry her one minute and telepathically kidnap her in the next. She slapped Adam’s arm, returning her focus back to the conversation at hand. “You’re so bad. And for the record, he’s not my lover boy. I have no idea why everyone in this place seems to think that.”
“Hmm. I wonder what gave them that impression.”
She rolled her eyes. “Let’s go.”
Frank and Beth had disappeared to her right, where the wide street seemed deserted now. The houses to the left looked barely bigger than cottages that wouldn’t withstand a strong autumn wind. She sighed and took that direction, the others following right behind.
Steven resumed the conversation first. “Where are we going?”
Sarah pointed to what looked like a large open space, peering through the houses. “The middle of the town. It’s too early in the morning to do much other than wait.”
“I thought people got up with the sun to milk cows,” Steven said.
“This world’s amazing—dangerous, but amazing nonetheless.” Adam quickened his pace, passing her.
She grabbed his arm and pulled him back. “Wait up! It isn’t safe to just venture off on your own.”
He seemed to barely hear her. “We gotta take proof back with us. Somebody can always say the film is fake, but if we have something concrete, some tangible proof, I could be the first scientist to prove other dimensions exist. We could prove this is where Bigfoot comes from.”
Steven patted his bag. “But I’ve got the footage, man! I even got the Immortal dude on tape.”
“That’s admirable, man, but you know someone will say it’s like all that fake footage on YouTube.” Adam motioned around him. “Boy, I never thought a Bigfoot expedition would turn into all of this, that’s for sure. We just need proof—tangible proof.”
“Interesting conversation, guys, but in order to be actually able to tell the world about it, you’ll have to get out of here first,” Sarah said. From the corner of her eye, she noticed something flickering in one of the windows. Who would be awake at this ungodly hour? Regardless of who it was, she was glad someone was up, because she was tired and hungry, and the cold night wind had sent shivers through her. In all the excitement, the others didn’t seem to care about such trivial things as keeping warm and eating, but she knew they’d thank her for it later. She took a tentative step toward the house.
Suddenly, the door opened, and a woman clad in an off-white dress peered out. A wimple like that of a nun hid her features, and a fur shawl was draped across her shoulders, going halfway down her legs. “Elizabeth?” The woman’s voice came low and hoarse, as if she was still half-asleep. “Is that you, dear?”
Sarah stopped, frozen to the spot.
The woman inched closer and gripped Sarah’s arm. “It can’t be! Elizabeth?”
With her heart pounding hard, Sarah shook her head. “No. Elizabeth is my sister.”
“Your sister?”
“Yes. Do you know her?”
The woman’s eyes glinted as she turned Sarah to inspect her from all sides. “She came from so far away. How’s it even possible that you’re here?”
“I found a way into this world just like she did—sort of by accident.” She took a step back, hiding her hand from view so the woman wouldn’t notice the incriminating ring. Everyone seemed to fear her or hate her for it, and there was no need to push her luck. “I heard that Elizabeth met a man named Charles, a man from this town.”
“Charles?” The woman looked away into the early dawn.
“Yes, that’s what we heard,” said Adam.
“Charles wasn’t born here. He spent a year helping us rebuild after the flood. He met Elizabeth a few towns over.” She looked around and lowered her voice to a whisper, as if she was about to share some juicy gossip. “But they had to keep their relationship a secret, you know.”
Steven inched closer, his camera and aspirations of fame forgotten. “Why? Was he a rich noble or something?”
“An Immortal, and as I’m sure you know, it’s forbidden for an Immortal to court a mere human.”
Sarah gasped. “What? Did you say he’s an Immortal?”
“Yes. Elizabeth grew quite fond of King William’s son.”
Sarah’s jaw dropped. Liz fell for the son of evil King William, the guy who’s trying to have me killed? And furthermore, how can Charles be such a saint, helping these peasants after a disaster nearly destroyed their city, if his father is such a monster? Her sister was so close, she could feel it. Her eyes widened, her heart pounding even harder. “My sister’s in the castle then?”
The woman looked away, tears welling up in her eyes. “Dear, your sister married him and slipped on the Ring of Immortality. The other Immortals found out and…” She looked down for a moment before she could finish. “Oh, I hate to have to tell you this, but—”
“What?” Sarah demanded.
“They executed her…and Charles too. The funeral was last year.”
Wait…Liz is gone? Murdered? For the same mistake I made? Horror washed over her as she fell to her knees. All her pent-up emotions came flowing out like a tidal wave.
The woman dropped to her knees and patted her back. “I’m so, so sorry. It was a shock for all of us. I can take you to her gravestone in the cemetery if you would like. Perhaps it will give you some comfort and allow you to put it behind you, as we have all had to do. Oh, how awful it was.”
Sarah spoke between sobs. “Please. I need to see it for myself.”
“We put the headstone up to remember her. She was actually buried with Charles at the castle.” The woman looped her arm around Sarah’s, and they walked in silence to the other side of town with Adam and Steven in tow, shock written all over their faces. After they passed rows and rows of crude headstones, she pointed at a marble one.
“I need a few minutes alone, if you don’t mind,” said Sarah, her voice quivering.
“I understand, dear,” said the woman, and she turned and left.
Adam touched Sarah’s shoulder. “We’ll be waiting outside the gate. Take your time.”
Sarah knelt, and her trembling fingers slowly traced the letters: E-L-I-Z-A-B-E-T-H L-A-R-K-E-R. “Oh, Liz. I’ve spent the last ten years looking for answers, looking for you…and I guess now I have them.” Tears rolled down her face as she spoke softly, “I know life here is tough, but you adjusted because you were always strong, just like Mom. You even…you even met someone to fall in love with. I am so glad to know you were happy in this place, if only for a little while. Charles must be a wonderful man who truly loved you.” She wiped her eyes and then continued. “It looks like I’ve gotten into the same terrible situation, only I don’t know the one who slipped the ring on my finger. He’s my husband, yet he’s a stranger. I’ve known him less than a few days.
Oh, Liz, the Immortals are hot on my trail now, and if they didn’t spare you, surely I stand no chance against them. Déjà vu, I guess. Isn’t it funny how fate works?” She wiped a tear rolling down her cheek as she peered around at rows after rows of dry earth and bare crosses. Every few spaces, a gravestone jutted out of the ground, providing a change in the dismal display of poverty. “You weren’t just my sister, Liz.” She stopped and pulled her nose, her voice failing her. “You were my best friend. I’ll never forget the beautiful memories we shared. They might have taken your life, but you’re alive in my heart, and that’s one thing they can never take away, no matter what they do to me.”
Numb and exhausted, she closed her eyes and tried to think of better times, of their happy childhoods, hide-and-seek, skipping rope, and Christmas mornings. “Do I have any regrets? Yes! For one thing—maybe the biggest regret of all—I’m sorry I left you in those woods years ago. I deserted you, and I have never forgiven myself, but I hope you were able to forgive me. Know that I’ll always love you, Liz, and I never stopped looking for you. I hope you are…resting in peace, dear sister.” Emotion choked her as she straightened her back and, with one last glance back, walked back through the iron gate. She had been looking for answers about what had happened to her older sister, but now she wished she’d never found out. It had been easier holding on to hope than it was to know the truth. She would never have stopped searching, but now she had lost all purpose in life. How can I go back to my life? How can I ever be happy again knowing my sister was killed…because I left her behind?
The others had been waiting patiently in front of a big boulder. “I’m here for you,” Beth said, embracing her as she reached them.
Frank wrapped his arms around her in a hug. “I’m so sorry.”
She buried her head in his chest and let her tears flow freely into the fabric of his shirt. “She died a year ago—killed by the Immortals when she married King William’s son Charles. Liz and Charles were killed. Those same Immortals are after me!”
“I know. Adam told us.” He held her tightly. “Everything is going to be okay, Sarah.”
Okay? How can he even say that? Nothing is okay. My sister is dead, and I will never be okay again! The pain cut out a huge part of her heart.
They all gave her words of hope and encouragement, but nothing they said could take away the pain in her heart, the only part of her that was still human. She wiped her eyes and took a deep breath. Even though she knew she would not find the person she had really come for, she couldn’t leave without meeting Gloria. “Maybe we could track Princess Gloria down and talk to her.”
Adam shook his head. “Go into King William’s castle? There are probably wanted posters of your face plastered on every brick! Every single person in there is probably after your head…literally.”
“No way,” Beth said. “We have to think about your life.”
Frank gripped her hand tightly. “Remember, babe, those are the people who shoot first and don’t bother asking questions now or later. I know you want your questions answered, but getting yourself—and possibly all of us—killed isn’t the way to go.”
“I know! Of all of you, I know! They shot me in the freaking heart. If I could get to Gloria, though, I think she could help us,” Sarah pleaded.
“She might be able to,” Beth said. “She’s Charles’s sister.”
Steven leaned against a rock and met Sarah’s gaze. “Yeah, man, that sounds great and all, but you won’t get one breath out to explain yourself before they string you up to be roasted like a marshmallow.”
“Why do you even need to find Gloria?” Adam asked. “I’m not trying to be insensitive here, but it seems pointless when you have the answers you need. Let’s just get the heck out of here.”
Sarah rolled her eyes. Adam wasn’t sporting an irremovable ring and running around with everyone out to kill him, or he might have been singing a different tune. “I’ll tell you why. Sure, I wouldn’t mind finding out more about my sister’s life, but that’s not the reason. I have a feeling those Immortals from the court will follow me right back home to my doorstep, and so will King Victor. For all I know, King William might even have a way to crash the party. I need to find out how to get this ring off and what I can do to get the Immortals off my back. Until I know that, I will never have control of my life again.”
“They’re at war with King Victor,” Frank said. “They hate him. They might help us based on that fact alone.”
“Gloria lost her brother,” Beth said. “She won’t want to lose you, too, especially over the exact same thing.”
“I agree,” Sarah said. “I’m sure Princess Gloria loved Liz, and I think she will understand why I pretended to be her. It’s her father who is crazy, not her.”
“Then we’ll avoid him like the plague,” said Frank. “Sarah’s right. She’ll never get her life back until we figure out how to get this ring off.”
Adam kicked at stones in the dirt, his brows furrowed. “This sucks.”
“This is something I have to do,” Sarah said. “If you don’t want to go with me, that’s okay, but I hope you understand.”
“Nobody’s backing out on you now, Sarah. We’re a team, remember? Now c’mon. Let’s head toward the castle,” Frank said.
Sarah nodded. Heading into dangerous enemy territory was risky, but it was something she had to do to get answers to the lingering questions in her head—and even more importantly, how to get that ancient wedding ring off her finger. “Let’s go.”


To be continued….


I’d love to hear your thoughts or feedback. And I’d also love to meet you. Please come introduce yourself. Please feel free to write on my wall, leave a like, or message me on my Facebook fan page:

https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=vb.351121651567296&type=2#!/pages/Chrissy-Peebles/351121651567296







Eternal Destiny (Book 2) is available now!



Thank you so much for sharing Sarah’s journey. It was a pleasure having you along. I hope you enjoyed the story just as much as I enjoyed writing it. Connect with me online!



Eternal Fire (Book 3) is available now!



Chrissy’s blog: http://chrissypeebles.blogspot.com/

Book Trailer for Eternal Vows: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_w-eZwPJbA

W.J. May – Rae Of Hope



Genre: YA Paranormal romance and fantasy adventure
***
BOOK TRAILER: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gILAwXxx8MU
***
How hard do you have to shake the family tree to find the truth about the past?
Fifteen year-old Rae Kerrigan never really knew her family's history. Her mother and father died when she was young and it is only when she accepts a scholarship to the prestigious Guilder Boarding School in England that a mysterious family secret is revealed.
Will the sins of the father be the sins of the daughter?
As Rae struggles with new friends, a new school and a star-struck forbidden love, she must also face the ultimate challenge: receive a tattoo on her sixteenth birthday with specific powers that may bind her to an unspeakable darkness. It's up to Rae to undo the dark evil in her family's past and have a ray of hope for her future.



Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/pages/Author-WJ-May-FAN-PAGE/141170442608149 Website: www.wanitamay.yolasite.com Twitter: @wanitajump Email: wanitamay@aol.com Blog: http://wanitajump.wordpress.com Agent: www.blueridgeagency.com
Before writing, WJ May used to high jump for Canada. She retired in 2003. High jumper ‘eh? Yup, all 5foot 7inches of her. She attended KSU (runner up at NCAAs) and represented Canada at the Francophone Games, World Championships, etc… How High? 1.92m (or for the metically challenged 6ft 3.5”inches). She thinks it didn’t seem high then but when she looks at the bar there now, she thinks, “That’s crazy!”
So now she writes. She lives. She breathes. She writes Fantasy, YA, New Adult, or whatever float her boat when the need arises. She lives for her family – hubby and three adorable kids. She breathes this blessed world (though slightly polluted) in as much as she can, savouring all its loads of sparkles in the sunshine and not daring to waste a minute.
The Chronicles of Kerrigan


Rae of Hope

By

W.J. May


http://www.wanitamay.yolasite.com
Cover design by: Patrick Griffith
The Chronicles of Kerrigan
Book I – Rae of Hope Book Trailer: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iauHkcm6UQo
Book II – Dark Nebula Book Trailer: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M_VOo4NxGCk
Book III – House of Cards, coming August 2013
Book IV – Royal Tea, coming January 2014
Dedications

Every book an author writes has a journey behind the story. My life took a different route when I lost my father to cancer in 2008. This book is dedicated to him, for even in death he taught me how strong faith can lead you, and how much of an example to others we are (even when no one is watching). This book, and all my writing, is a result of his courage to chase after “the impossible” and follow your dreams. Thanks Dad, I still miss you every day.
I have so many individuals to thank for encouraging me, and pointing me in the right direction to show everyone Rae’s potential:
My husband, who encourages me and makes me feel like the most important person in the world (I love you), and my three adorable kids (who even when they are sick of Mommy behind her computer, still love her). My extended family for their excitement – my mom, brothers and sisters (in and out laws :), and also my beta-reader nieces who read, and even wrote a book report on Rae before she became published!
My super-sincere and amazing agent, Dawn, who saw my potential when I had no clue it really existed.
Luci, my editor, who “got” Rae, and knew exactly how to speak her thoughts.
My GG crit crew: Tiffany, Chrissy, Holly, Trish, Marti, Jayde, June, Marva, Wendy, and anyone else I may have accidentally missed mentioning – you know who you are and I love you for it.
Extra note: Special thanks to Ray – for letting me “borrow” his name.
Chapter 1
Guilder Boarding School

“You can’t undo the past. The sins of the father are the sins of the son, or in this case, daughter.”
Uncle Argyle’s ominous words had echoed in Rae’s head long after he dropped her off at the airport. “A proverb of truth” he had called it. Who spoke like that nowadays? Some good-bye. Tightening her ponytail and futilely trying to tuck her forever-escaping dark curls behind her ears, she looked at her watch, then out the bus window at the tree lined countryside. It seemed strange to see the sun. All she remembered was rain when she had lived in Britain nine years ago.
Trying to get comfortable, Rae tucked her foot up on the seat, and rested her head against her knee as she looked out at the scenery flashing by. A sign outside the window showed the miles before the bus reached Guilder. It’d be another twenty-five minutes. She popped her ear buds in, blew the bangs away from her forehead and stared out the window across the rolling farm fields, trying to let the music from her iPod distract her.
It didn’t work. Just when she felt the tension begin to ease from her shoulders and she started to get into the song, something caught her eye. Black smoke billowed just near the top of a lush green hill. Rae stared, her heart fluttering as an old memory began to take hold. She knew what that smoke meant. She’d seen it before, long ago.
Someone’s house was burning.
Crap, crap crap, no I don’t want to go there. Her heart started racing and her stomach turned over, making her feel nauseous.
Dropping her knee, she gripped the seat in front of her, burying her face in her hands taking deep breathes, like the therapists taught her to do. She’d gone through years of therapy to treat what had been called “panic attacks”. It didn’t matter what other people called it. To her, it was simply hell; like being sucked back in time against her will, to a place she never wanted to revisit. So she breathed the way she’d been taught, slow breathe in, all the way, then slow breath out, all the time chanting it’s not real, it’s not real in her head.
It helped calm her racing heart and made her feel more in control, but it didn’t erase the memory. Nothing on Earth could do that. Being back in England for the first time and seeing the strange smoke, Rae felt six years old all over again.
She’d been in the living room coloring with new markers before bed when her mother told her to take them to the tree house her dad had built for her and play there until she called her in. That call never came. The blaze bounced horrific shadows around the inside of the tree house. The stinky black smoke slithered in and scared her little six year old self in ways the monsters under her bed never had.
Rae shuddered and lurched upright, forcefully bringing herself back to the present. Could this school be any further into the sticks?
Glancing around the now vacant bus, she wondered if the driver had purposely left her until last. She’d watched the last few people get off at a school about fifteen minutes ago, Roe-something or other. They all looked the same, all pretty girls with blonde hair, not one of them thin, pale, and tall like her. They hadn’t been friendly. Big surprise there… She was used to it. She tended to fly under the radar at best. So she handled them the way she always handled the ones who instantly didn’t like her for no reason she could come up with. Rae avoided making eye contact and tried to appear immersed in the Guilder Boarding School brochure. It wasn’t that she didn’t want to make friends. She’d just never really had any. Most kids her age either didn’t like her or didn’t notice her.
It bugged her that Uncle Argyle had pushed so hard for her to go when Guilder sent the letter. He’d been the one to move them all from Scotland to New York when she’d come to live with them, taking her away from the horrible tragedy of her parents’ death, and now, he suddenly leapt at the chance for her to go back? It didn’t make any sense. It sort of sucked to leave her current high school. She lacked close friends, but she also lacked enemies, which was a plus in her book. The girls there seemed just as stuck up as the ones who’d gotten off the bus earlier, but they’d simply ignored her. Rae always told herself it didn’t matter anyway. Cliques were so passé in her opinion.
Another weird thing that she couldn’t seem to find an answer to was why Guilder would choose her? How did they even know she existed? Her uncle boasted how big a deal it was for her to be selected, but he’d never once explained how they’d even come to know about her in the first place. She had the grades, the brain part always came easy for her, but she didn’t have any extra-curricular activities at all, nothing to make her stand out. So, how had this amazing school she’d never heard of before decide to take her on? It didn’t make any sense. She tried a few times before she left to corner her uncle and get him to explain part or all of it, but he’d always seemed to be busy.
While this wasn’t exactly abnormal behavior for him, it still left her with a sense of foreboding, something that had clung to her ever since she got the letter. She couldn’t figure out why, but she had a strong sense that something big was coming. Whether it was good or bad, she didn’t know.
A movement out of the corner of her eye caught her attention, pulling her mind out of the endless circle of questions in her head. She turned to look out the window, and was stunned to see the largest bird she’d ever seen in her life. Maybe an eagle? The thing flew parallel with the bus, right beside her. Pressing her face against the cool glass, her gaze focused intently on the curious sight. She jerked back when its large wings flapped, brushed the window, and then veered away. She watched its graceful flight as it soared and then swooped to settle onto the limb of a large tree just ahead. As the bus passed by, the bird seemed to lock eyes with Rae and she was mesmerized. Rae had always wondered what it would feel like to be a bird, to fly so free, go anywhere the wind took her. She continued to watch the bird until she couldn’t see it anymore, then slumped back into her seat as the bus sped onward down the long road.
Guilder Boarding School. She gnawed at the cuticle on her thumbnail a little too hard and ripped the skin, drawing a wince from her. She couldn’t help it, she always did this when she was nervous. She’d be the only American girl. Well, not really American. She held a British passport but had moved to New York after her parents died in the fire, leaving her orphaned. So…not really American, not really British; a little of both, but belonging to neither.
The bus cruised by an aged stone sign. Guilder Boarding School, Founded 1520. One of Britain’s Finest Educational Institutions. Rae read the sign and wondered how a school could be that old and not be featured in stories or online. She found nothing when she tried researching it. They drove under an old, leaded window arch that connected two round, red-brick towers. The stream of people coming and going from the doors at the bottom made her think it must be some kind of office. She craned her neck to get a better view. The buildings were old but were well kept and held an almost magical aura of their original Tudor era. She half expected to see men in tights and codpieces strutting down the road, leading their horses, with corseted ladies perched delicately atop them. The mental picture amused her and she absent-mindedly smiled. Her eyes were drawn to the ornate, brick chimneys along the buildings’ roofs. She glimpsed the other buildings beyond. This place looks huge…hope I don’t get lost.
The driver pulled to a halt in front of a building with an embossed plaque that said “Aumbry House”. The ancient building had ivy growing all over it. It looked like it was probably older than Henry VIII, leaving Rae with horrifying visions of chamber pots dancing in her head. It better have indoor plumbing…
The bus door slid open with a hiss. Rae gathered her two small suitcases and her book bag, clambered down the aisle and finally, blessedly, off the bus.
“Welcome to Guilder, Ms. Kerrigan.” Rae awkwardly spun around to face the voice, finding that a tall, thin woman stood on the concrete steps of the building, her eyes darting left and right, pausing on Rae for barely more than a few seconds.
Rae stared, wondering where the lady had come from. She wasn’t there a moment ago. Rae looked at the woman’s long, wool skirt. This might be England, but today is sweltering. How is she not melting in this heat?
“I am Madame Elpis, your house mistress.” The lady darted down the large concrete steps, pausing on the last step and, in one fluid motion, tucked her clip board under an armpit and extended her hand.
The woman’s features reminded Rae of a bird – her jet-black hair, dark eyes, and especially the jutting nose. Rae nodded and dropped a suitcase so she could return the handshake, her fingers crushed by the woman’s claw-like grip. Ow, ow, ow! So you’re freakishly strong, got it.
“Come along. No time for dilly-dallying.” She turned and marched up the steps, not checking to see if Rae followed or needed any help with her bags.
Huffing out a breath, Rae grabbed her things and clambered to follow, hearing the bus driver chuckle as he closed the door behind her. I’m spending the next two years here? What joy; What freakin’ bliss.
Hammering and drilling noises from above greeted Rae as she came through the entrance. The clamor echoed throughout the building.
“Fifteen and sixteen-year-olds are on the second floor,” Madame Elpis shouted above the noise. “Your room is the last door on the left.” She checked the chart she’d been holding under her arm. “Molly Skye is your roommate. I assume you can find the way.” The last part was more statement than question.
“Thank you,” Rae replied uncertainly, not knowing what else to say.
Madame Elpis pointed to a door on her left. “The study hall’s through there. The glass doors lead to the game room. The door to your right is to my living quarters. You are not permitted there.” She led Rae to the winding staircase made of black and white marble. “Juniors are on the second floor, seniors on the third and fourth.” She glanced at an old pocket watch hanging on a chain around her neck and, if possible, straightened even more. “Dinner is at five o’clock, sharp.” She turned, her skirt swirling as she darted into her room, and with a kick of her boot, slammed the door.
Rae exhaled the breath she hadn’t realize she’d been holding. The banging of hammers and screeching whine of electric saws reverberated through the hallway. She was so nervous, the hammering could have been coming from her heart and she wouldn’t have been able to tell the difference.
Rae took her time up the marble stairs and, once on the landing, headed left to the end of the hall. Biting the inside of her cheek, she gave a light knock at the slightly open door and peered in. Empty. Rae cautiously pushed the door open and surveyed her new room.
Thick, lush brown carpet covered the floor. Two beds, with matching duvets and tan suede pillows, rested against the opposing walls. One of which already sat full of half-empty suitcases. Modern closets with ample space matched perfectly with the antique desks built into the wall by each oriel window. Rae inhaled deeply, taking in a mingled sense of fresh paint and the unique scent of antiques.
Finally! It’d been one helluva long day of traveling. Much of the tension ebbed from her shoulders and she cracked a smile for the first time in hours.
Rae dropped her suitcases on the uncluttered side of the room. Her roommate, Molly, must have stepped out halfway through unpacking. Her closet doors were spread open, with hangers already full of clothes and more shoes than Rae had owned in her entire life. She’d never been big on dressing up, but she still knew designer labels when she saw them and she saw an awful lot of them in that closet. Hopefully, her roommate didn’t end up being superficial. Rae stood there wondering how she’d deal with it if she had to room with Guilder’s Next Super Model. Visions of her roommate stomping up and down the room in heels practicing her “walk” distracted her. She didn’t hear the footsteps walking down the hall to the door.
“What are you doing in me room?” Rae jumped and dropped her purse. A fashionably dressed girl stood in the doorway. She had dark, mahogany red hair, the kind women paid insane amounts of money to try to copy. Oh great…well, here we go.
“Molly?” Rae swallowed. “I’m your new roommate.”
Molly stared Rae up and down. “You’re Rae Kerrigan? I pictured someone totally different. You’re not scary at all!” She laughed as if at some private joke. Scary? Me? What is she talking about?
“Name’s Molly Skye. I’m from Cardiff, in Wales.” She shoved one of her suitcases onto the floor and dropped into the small, open space on the bed.
Rae watched, confused. Why would anyone think of her as scary? Because she lived in New York? She had a terrible premonition of being the odd one out, and school hadn’t even started yet.
“You’re not sixteen, eh? No ta’too?” Molly pointedly dropped her gaze down to Rae’s waist, as if she expected Rae to show her something.
Tattoo? Rae squinted, trying to listen closer to Molly’s accent. The way she spoke, some of the words were hard to make out. Why would she ask if I have a tattoo?
“My birthday’s in three days. It’s going to be so awesome!” Molly leaned back on her elbows. “When’s yers?”
“My birthday? Uh…not ‘til November.” Straight into the personal info. Okay, I think I know what my roommate is going to be like.
“November? You do have a long wait.” Molly grimaced and shook her head. “Poor you. You’ll be the last one inked for sure.” She jumped off the bed. Rae noted the strange comment, but Molly’s motor-mouth went speeding on, so she filed it away for examination at a later time.
“What’d you think of our room? Pretty cool, eh? Aside from the construction on the floors above us.” She shot the ceiling an annoyed look. “I just talked to one of the workers. He said they finish at four. They start again at like eight in the morning! Can you believe that? Who gets up at that time, anyway?”
Wow. Molly can talk without pausing for breath. Rae nodded and tried to keep up. She watched Molly roll from the balls of her feet to her heels, back and forth continually. It was a typically nervous gesture that Rae attributed to meeting new people. Everybody has their issues, but it’s still surprising, considering how fast she’s talking.
“Can you believe we got invited to Guilder? We’re two of sixteen females within a landmass of rich, supposedly unattainable, handsome boys.” When Rae didn’t respond, Molly squinted at her. “You do know why you’re here, right?”
Rae shrugged. Jet lag seemed to be eating her brain cells. “To be honest, I don’t really know what you mean. I haven’t been in England since I was six and I know nothing about Guilder.” Despite numerous Google searches at home and having my nose buried in the brochure for an hour on the ride here.
“You’re not slow or something, are you?” Rae shook her head slowly wondering if her talkative new roomie had just insulted her. Molly stared, scratching her head. “You really don’t know, do you?” She looked up and to the left, obviously recalling something important. She straightened, as if quoting some bit of brochure from memory. “Guilder’s a highly sought after educational institution, but it is primarily a school for the gifted. People who get to go to Guilder know why. The rest of the world has no idea!”
Rae curled her fingers tight, her nails digging into her palms. She felt stupid and also irritated at herself for feeling stupid. It wasn’t something she wanted to deal with, especially after such a long day of travel. “What makes us…gifted?”
Molly’s eyes grew huge. She paced the room. “Oh, my... Me da’s never going to believe this. You seriously don’t know ANYTHING?!”
Rae felt her blood pressure rising. She knew she was tired, confused, and nervous. None of that it was helping her temper, but she was determined not to lose it on what amounted to a total stranger. She pressed her lips tight to stop any snappish comment that might escape. Can’t the ditz just answer a simple question with a straight answer?
Molly swung around in front of Rae, dramatically squared her shoulders, and put on a serious face. “When we turn sixteen, we receive our ink blot.”
“What?”
“A ta’too.” She leaned forward and whispered, “It gives us special powers.”
Pause…say what? “P-Powers?” Rae tried not to laugh. Had her uncle sent her to an institution for the insane? “You’re kidding, right?” Uncle Argyle had told her the experience would change her life, but hadn’t said how. Rae figured he meant she’d do some growing up – like a maturity thing. And, of course, there was that silly proverb. But perhaps he’d mistakenly sent her off to a giant rubber room.
Molly waved a hand. “I’m serious. The gift is passed down from generation to generation.” She blew out an exaggerated breath. “Any guy around here who’s sixteen has a ta’too on the inside of his forearm.” She dragged Rae toward the window and pointed to the building across from them. “That’s the boys’ dorm. Let’s go outside and walk around. I’ll get one of them to show you what I mean.”
Her eyes dropped down to Rae’s clothes, her lips pursed tight together. “Do you fancy a quick change before we go?”
Rae laughed, despite her roommate’s serious expression. Molly definitely was crazy, but she had a point. She’d dressed comfortably for travel, and even though she wasn’t big on fashion, even she drew the line at meeting her new classmates looking like a worked-over hag. She could use some freshening-up. “Yeah, give me a moment.”
“I’m off downstairs to try and find some cute boys. Meet me outside when you’re ready.” Molly left, still chattering nonstop with no one in the hall to listen.
Rae opened the closest suitcase and grabbed the first pair of jeans and top within reach. She hesitated and dug a little deeper into her suitcase. The jeans were fine, they were new, but a white t-shirt seemed too plain. She found a pink Converse tank top with ONE STAR written in sparkles. She pulled out her hair tie, wishing her unruly black curls were straight like Molly’s perfect hair. She never bothered with makeup because she had crazy-long eyelashes that mascara seemed to only want to clomp up against, and almost everything else just made her look kinda like a sloppy hooker. Keep it simple, that’s what her aunt had always told her. She settled for lip gloss, and deodorant, and then grabbed a pair of sandals before tossing her purse under her pillow. Now, time to find out what Molly’s been babbling on about, or at least, maybe meet some cute guys. She might be invisible most of the time, but eye candy was eye-candy, no matter which side of the Atlantic it was seen on.
Once outside, she shaded her eyes against the bright sunlight with her hand and searched for her new roommate.
Molly stood further down the sidewalk, talking to a very hot guy with chestnut brown hair, dark eyes and a dimple on his right cheek. It disappeared when he stopped smiling and began talking again, making Rae a little sad. She wanted to see that dimple again. Rae bounded down the steps, and then slowed down, trying not to appear too excited. She flinched and covered her head when a loud crashing noise sounded from above, and a large piece of debris flew down from the fourth floor and landed in the blue bin beside her. Face burning, she pretended it hadn’t bothered her and continued walking. Molly and the boy turned to stare in her direction.
Rae heard someone holler from above, but couldn’t make out what the guy said. Embarrassed by her reaction a moment before, she ignored the shout and kept walking. Molly’s eyes grew big, her hands flew to her cheeks and her mouth dropped open. She screamed. Rae stared as Molly frantically pointed above her head. Rae tipped her head up. She froze in horror when she saw a huge, severed piece of wood paneling balanced like a seesaw on the window ledge several floors above.
The wood scraped against the windowsill, and teetered as if undecided which way it should fall. Oh crap! A gust of hot, dry wind blew by, knocking the severed beam into final decent. It spun as it fell and all sound was just gone.
Fight or flight. Rae dropped her gaze, her eyes darted about. The guy beside Molly moved toward her frozen frame. Everything moved in slow motion except for the guy running like a freight train. He was greased lightning, moving faster than anything Rae had ever seen. It didn’t seem possible for a person to move so fast. And why am I focused on him when I’m about to be squashed like a bug?


Chapter 2
Proverb of Truth

Just as she was about to throw her hands over her head for what little protection she could offer herself, Rae’s neck was jerked sideways, she went flying through the air and landed on dry dirt with a thump. Before she could react, warm arms wrapped around her body, forcing her head against a hard chest. They rolled together a bit and, and just as they stopped moving, Rae felt and heard the impact of the paneling hit the ground exactly where she’d been standing a moment before. Dropping her head back against the ground, trying to remember how to breathe after having the air squished out of her lungs, she opened her eyes and waited for them to focus. The cute guy lay on top of her, and the wooden beam had crashed down in the spot where she’d just been standing. The cute boy rolled off, but not before she got a thrill from the smell of his musky scent with a hint of delicious aftershave. Wow…
She stayed on the grass, unable to tell if being winded came from the fall or the boy. Rae spat some dirt out of her mouth and did a mental check. Nothing felt broken or even hurt too bad. Still dazed, she stared up at the building, trying to figure out if what had just happened was real. The shoulders and heads of two men in hard hats popped through the window.
“Everyone all right down there?” the one wearing a white hat shouted.
The boy glanced at Rae then called back up. “I think we’re fine, but you guys are nuts!”
“Yeah, sorry about that. We’re done for the day now, anyway.” The men laughed and disappeared inside the window. Rae thought it seemed a bit rude of them, but had other more important things to focus on at the moment.
The boy dusted dirt and grass off his knees, then held his hands out to help her up. “I’m Devon Wardell.”
Rae wiped her forehead, feeling dirt and grime mix into her skin. Great first impression Rae. She forced her attention back to the boy and nodded, her gaze drifting from his handsome face down his lean torso and along his bare arms. There, below the elbow of his right arm, lay a tattoo of a cute little fox with big ears. She blinked and sat straight up, silently pointing. Suddenly afraid all of Molly’s crazy talk might be true, Rae didn’t have the courage to ask.
“It’s a Fennec fox. They’re originally from the Sahara Desert.” Devon’s expression remained serious.
“You don’t have long ears.” Molly stated as she stepped over Rae to stand next to him. Rae could hardly believe the lack of concern for her well-being. Gee, thanks roomie.
Devon laughed. “No, I don’t. Most of us don’t actually take on the look of our ink.” Shoving his hands in his pockets, he winked at Rae. He swallowed and then opened his mouth to speak, but Molly started before he had a chance.
“That’s so cool! So, what’s your gift? I mean, besides the speed thing we just saw. Did you figure it out right away?” She moved in front of Rae, blocking her view.
Devon sighed and sat down on the grass and Molly followed suit, settling next to Rae and actually leaning into her, making Rae wonder what she’d done to deserve having her personal boundaries invaded. However, it wasn’t of the utmost importance at the moment, since Devon was again talking, flashing that dimple her way. “No, I didn’t. The morning I turned sixteen, I had no idea of the tatù’s power. My father’s got almost the same one, but we never talked about it.” He stared up at the sky and snorted, then he smiled at the girls.
“That night I figured it out quick.” He gave a wry chuckle. “I got me some pretty cool nocturnal gifts.”
“Awesome night vision?” Molly asked.
“Yeah, and incredible hearing. Plus, Fennec foxes can jump, and are super fast.”
Understatement, Rae thought. Speeding-bullet fast…
“Fantastic!” Molly dropped to the ground and sat close to Devon. “I can’t wait! Only three more days for me. My father’s got some zigzag line, which he uses at his jewelry shop and a few other places he owns. It’s like he’s got a pair of jumper cables instead of hands! Hopefully, I’ll have something more girly for my power.”
Rae finally found her voice around the same time her brain caught up to the conversation. “Wait. Your dad’s got a tattoo?”
Molly gave her a funny look. “Of course. Your parents bo–”
“Are you sure you’re all right?” Devon cut Molly off.
Rae didn’t miss the move, wondering what it was about, but was unwilling to re-direct his attention back to the conversion. “I’m fine, I think.” She stretched her back. “Just shocked, that’s all.” Which was putting it mildly. I just narrowly avoided death, and am now surrounded by people obsessed with tattoos who also have superpowers. Fantastic…Sure…I’m great…
“Rae!” Molly turned, as if suddenly remembering the recent traumatic event. “Wow! You could’ve been killed! Glad Devon saved you, or I’d get stuck with some dolt of a roommate.” She flipped her hair behind her shoulder. “What about you? Do you have any idea what yours is going to be? Any help from your dad? Or mom?”
Devon elbowed Molly in the ribs, but kept his concerned eyes on Rae.
“I…uh…my folks…” Rae didn’t know what to say or think. Why would her parents have anything to do with this? Could what she was hearing even be remotely possible? Strange as it might seem, she knew it was true. It just seemed to make sense deep down inside, even though she couldn’t pinpoint why. Or…I could be going crazy… Her stomach clenched and rolled. She suddenly felt woozy. “I…um…I think I need to walk around a bit and get some fresh air.” She started to stand.
“Wait. I’ll come with you. In case you pass out or something.” Devon reached for her hand and helped her to her feet. Once she was up, he didn’t let go, and Rae didn’t want him to. “Molly, think you could grab Rae a bottle of water or something?” He smiled, and the cute dimple appeared again.
“Sure. I’ll meet you guys on the front steps of Aumbry House.”
Rae enjoyed the thrill from Devon’s warm, strong hand in hers. She followed him down the sidewalk, concentrating on slowly breathing in and out. The dizziness began to disappear, but the dull pain of a headache beat at the back of her skull.
They passed a building marked Joist Hall. “I’m sorry Molly threw all of this on you. For the record, we aren’t crazy. Headmaster Lanford told me you probably didn’t know anything about our ink-art.” He stared straight ahead. “The school isn’t sure how much your uncle or father might’ve told you.” He looked at her out of the corner of his eye. “Did you know they both attended Guilder?”
What? She planned to kill her uncle next time she saw him. She had obviously been owed a long conversation, stuffed with pertinent information, before he put her on the plane. But all I got was a stupid proverb. She shook her head. “Why do you know so much about me?”
Devon laughed and patted her shoulder. “You’re quite the talk of Guilder at the moment—the English-American who convinced the headmaster, and dean, to open the college to girls.” He coughed, as if trying to cover his words. “Or, uh…you know, open another college for females only…technically speaking that is....”
Wait a sec…Rae stopped in her tracks. “I didn’t convince anyone! I haven’t even spoken to the headmaster or the dean. One day I got a letter telling me I’d been accepted. I just assumed my uncle applied without asking me. He’s originally from Scotland, so I thought maybe he knew about this place.”
Devon waited a few paces ahead. “Weird.” The puzzled look on his face turned to teasing. “Well, the faculty’s pretty excited you came. You might not know them, but, trust me, they know all about you.”
“What’re you talking about?” She crossed her arms and felt the beginnings of annoyance emerge from her inner turmoil.
“You’re special.”
Rae’s face burned. Giddy from his comment, she couldn’t help but laugh. “No, I’m not. I’m just one of the average, quiet, sorta -smart girls. Though, at this moment, I feel pretty dumb.” She tapped the toe of one sandal against the heel of the other. “Why in the world would the dean, headmaster, or anyone else think I’m special?”
“Because of who you are.”
That didn’t make sense. “‘Cause I’m Rae Kerrigan?”
“Yes, silly, and because of your parents.”
“What about my parents?” Rae could hardly remember anything about them. She’d been so little when they died in that terrible fire almost ten years before.
“I don’t think it’s my place to explain.” Devon nervously shifted his weight from foot to foot. “Maybe you should talk to Headmaster Lanford.”
“I plan to.” She chewed on her nail, imagining some scary, crazy principal dressed in long, dirty robes who spoke in proverbs of truth like her uncle. “What’s he…uh, like?”
“He’s good. Big guy. Bad hair. You’ll like him, and he’ll answer all your questions.” Devon absent-mindedly traced his tattoo with his fingers. “Don’t pack your bags and jump on the first plane back to New York. Give Guilder a chance. It’s even better than the brochures say.” He grinned, showing his adorable dimple. “We’ll grow on you. And trust me, when you get inked, you’ll be glad you’re here.”
“On my sixteenth birthday, like Molly said? I’ll get a tattoo on my arm?”
“Nah, yours is on your lower back.” Devon’s cheeks turned a light shade of pink. “It’s way cooler on girls than guys.”
Sexier was the word he didn’t say, but Rae could read it on his face. She’d seen tattoos on girl’s backs but never thought of them as anything more than ink. A tramp stamp. She needed to start taking notes if she planned to fit in at this school. “I guess I’ll just have to wait three days and see Molly’s.” She had so many questions bubbling inside her. She wanted to ask if they got to choose their tattoo or if they were pre-selected for them. Maybe they had some kind of list. If there was, when did she get on it? She pressed her lips together, not wanting to appear denser than she was sure she already looked.
“Sure, or some of the older girls will show you.” He pointed toward Aumbry House. “Molly’s talking to Haley and Maria. They’re both sixteen. Want to go meet them?”
Butterflies bashed around inside Rae’s gut. What if everyone knew about her like Devon did? What did that mean anyway? She let out a slow breath. “Sure.” No sense in being shy in front of the hot, and probably senior, boy. For some reason, she wanted to impress him and being a recluse wouldn’t accomplish that.
As they walked back to Aumbry House, Molly ran over to greet them. The other two girls followed at a slower pace.
“Rae, meet Haley and Maria!” Molly gushed the introduction in what Rae was beginning to see was her typical fashion.
“Hi,” said the blonde-haired, brown-eyed girl. “I’m Haley.”
A tiny, dark-haired girl peeked around Haley’s shoulder. “Hello.”
Rae blinked. She could’ve sworn Maria had just said “hi” but she hadn’t seen the girl’s lips move. She glanced at the others to see if they’d heard it as well, but she couldn’t quite tell. Maybe it’s the jetlag in my brain playing tricks on me.
Devon checked his watch. “Ladies, I’d love to stay and chat, but I’ve a football match. My housemates will be ticked if I don’t show. I’m already late.” He patted Rae on her shoulder.
As he jogged away, Rae noticed the others staring at his retreating figure. No surprise there. He’s part superhero.
“He’s so hot,” Molly murmured.
“And sexy. Definitely worth watching,” Haley said. “And chasing.”
“No dating, remember?” Molly half-heartedly chided.
“Guilder highly discourages that. It’s taboo – not that I plan on paying attention to the that rule.” Molly walked behind Haley and reached for the back of her shirt. Haley deftly stepped just out of reach.
Molly didn’t even acknowledge the dodge. She just powered straight on into conversion. “Can we see your ink?
“Have you figured out how to use it?” Molly, definitely not the shy type.
Haley laughed. “I, by no means, have mastered my gift. But I’m sure I’ve figured out what I can do. Coming here is only going to make me stronger and better.” She pulled her shirt up and turned around to show her back to both of them. Above her jeans was a stunning tattoo of a whirlwind or tornado.
“So, what all can you do?” Molly asked as she impatiently tapped her foot.
“I can make wind.”
Molly snorted.
Haley shot her an annoyed look. “No, silly, not that kind of wind. I create wind. Big wind, or even just little gusts.” Haley twittered a high-pitched laugh which Rae found annoying. “At my old school, I used to send small gusts to mess up my teacher’s piles of papers, other stuff like that. Right now, though, if I try anything stronger, I end up flying backward.”
Molly skipped ahead to the next subject, seemingly unimpressed with Haley’s power. “What about yours, Maria? What’s your ink?”
Rae felt sorry for the tiny girl. She looked like she wanted to disappear. Rae decided to come to the rescue and end Molly’s little impromptu inquisition. “Hey, why don’t we head over to where Devon’s playing?”
“And meet more cute boys?” Molly gave a little kid-like bounce. “Let’s go.”
The girls headed off to the sports fields.
“Thanks.” A soft voice spoke inside Rae’s head, causing her to misstep, but she quickly caught herself. She glanced at Maria from the corner of her eye and nodded. When Maria smiled, Rae grinned. Holy Cow! That really happened! She talked in my head! This school is going to be so amazing.
Molly suggested they head to the middle of the sidelines, so they could see both teams. They sat down on the bleachers to watch. It didn’t take long for Rae to figure out Devon was easily the quickest and most talented on his team. The boys seemed oblivious to the girls sitting in the bleachers, which Rae didn’t mind. It gave her time to calm the butterflies in her stomach.
A boy on the opposite team dribbled the ball near his goalkeeper. In the blink of an eye, he’d passed midfield and streaked around a defense player. He took a shot on the net, scoring easily. Rae blinked and rubbed her eyes, wondering if she was seeing things.
“No goal! No goal!” Devon waved his arms in the air. “Riley, you know the rules. Only natural play—no gifts!”
“Give me a break! I can’t help if my slow running is faster than everyone else’s,” Riley shouted. His teammates cheered and slapped him on the shoulder.
“You’re not faster than the speed of light without your gift! No way can you argue with the laws of physics.” Devon tapped his head and the other boys laughed. “Trying to impress the girls?” The guys started walking over to where the girls sat.
“Whatever.” Riley scowled at him.
Devon bowed dramatically to the girls.
“Hey, I’m Riley.” He stepped in front of Devon.
Rae noticed a tattoo of a cheetah on his wrist. That explained his speed.
“Gals, this is my team. Our keeper is Nicholas, our two defensemen are …” Riley’s eyes and mouth stopped moving when they came to Rae. He simply froze, staring at her like he couldn’t believe what he was seeing. Is it my hair? Is there something on my face? She suddenly wished she could hide behind Haley. But no matter how hard she wished, she could see by the look on his face, the something which had stunned him to silence, was her. “You’re Rae Kerrigan, aren’t you?”
All laughter and jostling from the guys walking toward them stopped instantly. Rae swore all their jaws dropped open at the same time. Her temper flared from embarrassment and the stress of the day combined with the fact that she had no idea why everyone was acting so strange. Words rushed out of her mouth before she had a chance to think them through. “Yes, I’m Rae. I’ve no idea what you’ve been told about me, but let me assure you, I feel ten times more uncomfortable around you than you do around me.” You strange bunch of gifted people have no idea how terrifying you are.
Devon came to her rescue. “Don’t mind Riley. He may be fast as a cheetah, but he has the tact of a rat.” Riley scowled at Devon’s comment, but it broke the ice, and the boys laughed and relaxed. They obviously trusted him. Hmm…cute, superhero, tactful and now, trustworthy…nice package.
Molly piped up, “I’m not inked yet. My birthday’s in three days. Rae doesn’t turn until November fifteenth.”
Rae stared at her roommate in shock. How did Molly know that? She hadn’t told her. Molly had the date wrong. Due to a clerical error when she was born, her birth certificate showed the wrong date, but at this point Rae didn’t really feel like correcting the mistake, since Molly shouldn’t have known it in the first place. It suddenly seemed like a very good idea to make sure her true birth date remained a secret.
“So you’re just normal ‘til November?” one of the younger boys asked. “Poor you for the next few months.”
Rae just stared mutely at him. Poor me?
“That’s Brady. He turned sixteen four months ago, but he’s been here since he was thirteen,” Devon said.
“Didn’t help him learn any skills on how to control his gift,” a different boy teased. Brady just smiled and pushed his fingers at the commenter, who went sprawling backward.
“Brady can control wind, like Haley.” Devon ruffled Brady’s hair. A tall boy with his dark, almost black, hair tied in a ponytail, rested his arm on Devon’s shoulder. Rae noted the confident, comfortable gesture. This was obviously one of Devon’s friends and Rae decided she wanted to know all of his friends. She’d need to start gathering information since everyone seemed to have the details on her already.
“Hiya. I’m Julian. My talent is by far the most interesting. I can draw the future.” He tapped his long, artistic fingers on his wrist. “I’ve just had a vision telling me it’s half past four and Lanford’s getting hungry. If we want to eat, we’d better start heading back.”
The guys collected their belongings. Rae stayed close to the girls as they headed back to the school buildings. She felt uncomfortable about the impact her name caused but she didn’t know what to do about it, or even the reason behind it. She was glad that Devon walked beside them, along with Julian, who seemed unfazed about her identity. Anyone behaving like a normal person ranked high on her good list at the moment.
About half-way back, Devon interrupted what had become a comfortable silence. “We’ll see you shortly, at the table.” He let his shoulder rub against Rae’s. “We’ll save you a seat.” The guys headed into Joist Hall, and the girls continued to Aumbry House.
“Don’t you think they’re all super -hot?” Molly whispered as they headed up the steps.
“Dunno.” She shrugged, caring more about information than boys at the moment. The headmaster had better be at dinner tonight. She wanted to get some answers to the millions of questions flying around in her head.


Chapter 3
Headmaster Lanford

Back in their room, Molly did a quick hair check and make up refresher. Quick wasn’t quite the right word exactly. She needed half an hour to fix what, in Rae’s opinion, already looked perfect. Then they headed back down the stairs to meet the other girls.
“If we’re the only four here so far, why the heck does Madame Elpis wanna meet downstairs? She makes it sound so…mandatory,” Molly whined as they waited at the main entrance.
Rae ignored the childish tone of Molly’s complaint. “Do you know what her i-ink is?” It felt funny trying to talk as if she understood everything.
“Madame Claws?” Molly laughed. “Not a clue. Each professor, as well as the headmaster and dean, is inked. So we know she has one, we just don’t know what it is.”
Rae grinned. Molly could switch moods faster than a light switch.
Haley, followed by Maria, came down the black and white marble stairs. “I heard Guilder won’t hire anyone who isn’t inked,” Haley said. “My father says the school may seem like any other prestigious college, but everyone who graduates from here does big things. They’re all successful and make loads and loads of money.” She paused to flash a haughty smile. “My father does very well and has big plans for me.” Haley finished with a snobbish smirk.
“What’re you gonna do with wind power?” Molly asked flatly, rolling her eyes.
“I’ll find something, and I’ll be rich,” Haley’s expression transformed from snobby to terrifying, making Rae nervous.
What’s the deal there? Rae wondered if Haley was any relation to the Wicked Witch of the West. All she needs now is the cackle. Rae could just picture Haley all done up in the witch’s black dress saying “I’ll get you my pretty!” and had to turn away from everyone to compose herself so she didn’t laugh out loud.
“Um, okay…” Molly held her hands up. “How? I don’t get how everyone here makes big money, if we’re supposed to keep these abilities hidden from the rest of the world.”
Haley smiled, all BFF again and Rae made a mental note to stay out of her way. She might switch moods as fast as Molly, but for some reason, it was creepier with Haley.
Haley linked her arm through Molly’s. “Wait ‘til you get your ink. Then you an’ I’ll figure out what we can do. We’ll be rich and nab us some even richer hubbies.”
Rae wanted to gag. Real Housewives of Guilder? How lame could they be?
“Haley’s not that bad. Her father was real disappointed when Haley inherited the gift instead of her younger brother. Seems the gift gene is usually passed to males, and there has only been a shift in the past, like, forty years. Some people still would prefer that boys get the gift rather than girls.” Maria’s quiet voice in Rae’s head bore a hint of bitterness.
Rae shifted to dispel the shiver that crept down her spine. It felt incredibly strange to have someone else’s voice inside her head. Can she read my mind too? She turned to Maria and half-smiled. The worried crease on Maria’s face disappeared. That’s not a no…better find out the answer to that question.
Before Rae figured out how to test the issue, Madame Elpis strode in from outside, her heels clicking on the marble tiles. “Ladies, one should not keep gentlemen waiting, especially at meal times.” She turned and reached for a switch above the door. As she raised her arms, her blouse lifted revealing her ink. Rae strained to see over everyone’s shoulders. It was a little bird, a magpie. Molly flapped her arms and made a sour face. The girls giggled, barely managing to suppress the laughter before Madame Elpis straightened and shot them a stern glance.
Molly straightened and whispered to Rae, “Madame Crow definitely has eyes in the back of her head.” Rae thought to herself, You ain’t kiddin’.
The girls followed Madame Elpis along the path, past Joist House to a smaller building set in the shadows. A plaque on the wall by the door proclaimed it Refectory Dining Hall. White with wooden beams throughout, topped with a thatched roof, it reminded Rae of a post card her aunt once got of a Cape Cod house.
The sound from inside the dining area was like a stadium full of screaming fans. But as they entered, all the noise and activity came to a standstill.
A very large man with an overgrown comb-over stood up from his seat at the front table. “Ladies, I’m Headmaster Lanford.” He turned slightly and cleared his throat loudly. “Gentlemen, I’d like to introduce you to the new students at Guilder.” He walked around the table and introduced the girls by name.
The boys clapped with each introduction, but hands froze midair at the mention of Rae’s name. Boys leaned in toward each other; a murmur of whispers buzzed around the room.
Rae closed her eyes and wished the floor could swallow her up.
Headmaster Lanford seemed oblivious to the reaction. He simply told the girls to find empty seats. From the size of his belly, he seemed to be someone who didn’t like to miss a meal and maybe had seconds and thirds to boot. He probably pinches chips from other people’s plates too.
Devon’s voice rang across the silent room. “We’ve got seats for all of you.”
Rae was so relieved to see a familiar face, she nearly ran to him even with everyone staring. Would hiding under the table be any less noticeable? She settled beside Devon and stared at her empty plate.
“Hope you’re hungry,” the boy on her other side said. “I’m
Andy.” He reached for the water pitcher.
His sleeve slid up, showing Rae his ink. Dark ink detail in black, grays and browns displayed a wolf sitting on its haunches. Rae’s natural curiosity over-ruled her discomfort with her surroundings. She couldn’t stop herself from asking. “Do you have the characteristics of your tattoo? Like Devon does with his fox mark?” Rae dropped her gaze and scolded herself for sounding like Molly with the back-to-back questions. She worried she had probably just screwed up royally, and managed to make an already bad situation even worse. Surprised when Andy laughed, she looked up at him.
“No, I’m a shifter.” He pulled his sleeve up all the way and traced the image with his fingertips, allowing Rae a better view. “Don’t worry, I’m a good wolf. There’s no need to be concerned for Little Red Riding Hood or the Three Little Pigs. They’re all safe from me.” He winked at her.
“Good to know.” She laughed, liking his teasing banter. “Are there any other shapesters…I mean shiftsters…shape-shifters?” She cringed inwardly over her tongue-tied, stilted conversation. Could I act any thicker?
“One other.” Andy pointed to a guy with a beak-like nose sitting further down at their table. “Rob. He shifts into an eagle. Lucky bugger gets to fly!”
“You’re joking?” Rae glanced at Rob who sat across the table, disbelieving the long-armed boy could actually turn into an eagle. She thought back to the large bird on the bus ride and wondered if it could have been him.
“He’s the only one at the school right now who can fly. It’s pretty cool and unbelievable at the same time.”
Rae smiled. “Everything seems pretty cool and unbelievable.
Trust me.”
Devon leaned across Rae and grabbed the basket of buns. “Pretty much all of us here knew about gifting before we started, at the age of twelve. Plus our dads usually explained things prior to coming.” He chuckled. “Kinda like Dad’s “‘facts of life”‘ lecture.”
Not me, thought Rae. No dad to do that for me. And Uncle Argyle was certainly no help either. But she planned on getting answers as soon as she could. Now wasn’t the time to feel sorry for herself so she pushed the emotion to the back of her mind.
Rae carefully schooled her expression to hide her feelings and focused on gathering information. “You’ve been here four years?”
Devon appeared happy to fill her in. “Yeah, the school’s designed to give you three years to prepare for the gift and then another two to help educate you and train the gift. It helps you enter back into the ‘real’ world and do some good with what you’ve been given without revealing yourself.”
“Quoting the school manual again, Dev?” Andy nudged Rae to show he was teasing.
Rae smiled and played along, but held her hand up, as if to try and stop her thoughts. “Wait a minute.” she considered Devon’s words. “So…you mean, you get this ability and the school helps you hone your talents,” – she waited to see Andy and Devon nod their heads – “but then expects you to act like you’re normal and hide it?” It didn’t make sense.
Someone at their table coughed, and mumbled, “Like father, like daughter.”
Rae gave a slight jerk to her head, trying to see who’d said it. She’d heard it loud and clear, even if they were trying to muffle the words. She glanced around, but no one seemed able to meet her gaze, all of them suddenly too interested in their plates to lift their heads. She didn’t get the comparison, but knew it had to do with her. It sounded too similar to her uncle’s last words.
“It’s easier to hide it.” Andy patted her forearm.
“Why? Wouldn’t the government or the country want to know? They could stop bad guys, and surely, not everyone with this ink-stamp uses it for good.”
A few more snickers erupted around the table. Rae glared.
It ticked her off that people would think her dumb for not knowing any of this. They’d all been raised in this world, and she had only just been shoved into it today. They know so much about me, don’t they know that too? She turned to Devon, wondering why his face had turned beet red.
Andy cleared his throat. “What would you do if someone shape-shifted right in front of you? Or while you were on a plane, you saw the stewardess boil water with no kettle, just her hand?” He shook his head.
Devon piped in, “If we let our secrets out, could you imagine how scientists or military people would treat us?
Andy replied before Rae had a chance to open her mouth. “Crap. They’d hunt us down, shoot first and ask questions later. We’d all be a bunch of lab rats.” He grinned. “Or lab foxes and lab wolves.”
Devon tossed a bunch of pasta on his plate and elbowed Rae. “Don’t stress about it. These are really cool abilities to have at sixteen, but as we get older, they get strong --”
“…And can become very scary,” Andy added.
Rae shuddered. Maybe that’s the reason why Uncle Argyle didn’t say a word about the real Guilder College. He didn’t want to tell me that I’m a freak and I have to go to school with superkids.
“Guilder just wants to teach you to appreciate the gift and use it to your own, and the world’s, best advantage. Lots of famous people attended here. It’s the reason King Henry VIII started this college in the first place,” Andy said.
Rae sat back in surprise. This goes THAT far back? “He wasn’t gifted, was he?” Nothing could shock her now.
Devon and Andy laughed before Devon replied, “No, he just wanted to find someone gifted to help get him a male heir.”
Molly rolled her eyes from across the table. “He should’ve thought about not wearing those awful-looking tights, or maybe spoken to a doctor to learn it’s the male who determines the sex of babies.”
Rae glanced sideways at her, wondering if Molly realized yet that the science of genetics had not existed way back then. If they had, good ‘ol Henry wouldn’t have needed a divorce, and England might still be part of the Roman Catholic Church. She decided to ignore Molly’s outburst. “I’ve got another question.” “Hit me.” Devon slowly pulled his eyes away from Molly. The corners of his lips were twitching.
Obviously, he’s thinking it too, but won’t point it out. Handsome and nice…great combo. He just keeps getting better and better! He was looking expectantly now and Rae’s mind snapped back to her question. “You said your dad told you. What about your mom?”
“She doesn’t know.”
Rae had been about to hit him with her next question, but hadn’t expected that answer and got sidetracked by it. “Huh?” “Dad’s inked. He never told my mom. She just figures it’s a tattoo from his teenage days. He told me the truth when I got the letter to come here.”
Rae tried to absorb that, wondering which of her parents had a tattoo, or maybe if they hadn’t died, if one of them would have told her about all this and sent her to Guilder three years earlier. The possibilities made her head spin, and it was only the continuation of the conversation that brought her back to the present.
Andy leaned forward, his voice slightly lower. “Only one parent’s inked. Except in –”
“It’s almost always the male.” Devon shot Andy a look.
Rae didn’t miss Devon’s smooth attempt to cut Andy off and prevent him from saying something, and glanced back and forth at both of them. “What’s the matter?” Her voice rose slightly and conversations around their table stopped. She turned her entire body to face Devon. “Why so secretive? Seriously, what could be weirder than what I’ve already found out today?”
He made no response. Everyone around them sat there with a wide-eyed deer-in-the-headlights look that people got when they were caught by surprise.
That’s my look! I should be the one looking like that! Something doesn’t add up. Something isn’t being said and I have to know what it is. So she picked what she thought was a random response. “Does this have something to do with my dad?”
The entire hall became quiet. Everyone stopped eating. Rae felt hundreds of pairs of eyes focus on her. No one said a thing. Most expressions held dislike, others pity, which she couldn’t stand. Devon’s sympathetic face became too much to take. She stood, ready to go back to the dorm and pack her bags. This is bullshit. All of it.
“Getting a wee bit frustrated, Ms. Kerrigan?” Headmaster Lanford stood at the head of their table. He appeared calm, almost oblivious to the reaction of the other students. His eyes held understanding without pity. “Would you care to join me on a walkabout?”
Yeah, I have some questions for Mister Combover. “Fine, let’s go,” she snapped, and then hastily added, “Sir.”

Chapter 4
Unwanted Answers

Rae and Lanford walked in silence. Rae grew more and more nervous with each step. She wanted answers, but now that they were outside, away from the expressions of strangers who knew more about her than she did, walking next to the one person who might have all the answers, the idea of asking seemed daunting, even scary. As they passed a sign marked Turret Hall, the headmaster started a seemingly pointless monologue about the campus, pointing at buildings with his cane.
“Turret Hall is the music and arts building. The Scriptorium is the English building and also includes the library with the history of our ink and gifts. Some of the gifts and ink stamps are documented on ancient scrolls dating prior to the Tudor era. Each dormitory is also equipped with a reference library and copies of the special ink charts and markings.” His fingers drummed a rhythm on the silver head of his cane. “This path here will lead you to the Oratory. That’s where students study their gifts and improve their skills.”
Rae nodded but said nothing. At the moment, she didn’t give a damn where classes would be.
They turned down the path, and Rae stopped to stare at the Oratory. Built in red brick similar to the other structures, this building was none-the-less distinctive. Ivy stretched across the tall, almost chapel-like octagon shaped building. The way the ivy grew, it seemed to emanate from the walls. She’d never seen anything so magnificent. The view belonged in the painting of a master artist. It was such a tranquil scene compared to the anger simmering inside of her.
“I’ve been wondering,” the headmaster murmured. “Did your parents teach you about their tatùs?”
Rae froze, one foot dangling in the air. He said parents, plural. That wasn’t a mistake. Both her parents had gifts? Yet another thing about me I didn’t know, told to me by a stranger. This isn’t fair! Why was she the only one who didn’t know this stuff? With rage surging through her veins, it took an effort to speak without screaming. “My parents never had a chance to tell me anything.” She shrugged, trying and failing to set her foot down on the ground normally rather than stomping it. “I was only six when they died in the fire, so I don’t remember much.” Most of her memories felt like dreams now.
Lanford stared pensively at the head of his cane and gave a slight nod. “Of course, the fire. How about Argyle? Has he explained anything to you?”
“Uncle Argyle?” He’d better not be bloody marked as well. “No, he never told me about any of this.” Plus, he likes talking in ridiculous proverbs. “I think Guilder’s made a mistake with me.” Rae felt all the different emotions of the day rolling inside her. The fear and confusion, the suspicion and frustration, the wonder and disbelief…it all started to overwhelm her. And to top it off, she hadn’t heard any of it from someone she actually knew. Anger began to override all the other emotions.
Lanford smiled and patted his combover down. “No, Ms. Kerrigan. You are, most definitely, the right person. Your mother only had one child, and that was you.” He tapped his finger to his lips. “I’m not shocked your parents didn’t have the chance to explain, but I’m quite surprised Argyle never took the time to enlighten you.”
“Yeah, join the club.” This seemed more important than a talk about the birds and the bees, which was, of course, another topic never broached.
The headmaster released a long, heavy breath. He pointed to a nearby bench with his cane. “Shall we sit? I think it’s high time you learned a bit of your own history.” Rae sat down heavily, realizing her posture, and most likely the expression on her face, made her look like a petulant child, but at the moment, she couldn’t help herself. Despite everything, she noted that for his large frame, the headmaster settled easily, almost lightly, onto the bench. “It’s time to shake that family tree up a bit, eh?”
Shake the family tree? That sounded like something her uncle would say. Rae gingerly balanced herself, paranoid the bench might topple over from his weight. It seemed likely. Having something other than her emotions to concentrate on allowed her to calm down. She needed answers. And apparently, Headmaster Lanford had them.
“Did you know your father and Argyle attended Guilder together twenty-three years ago?”
Rae shook her head so slightly she wasn’t sure the headmaster even noticed. She planned on having quite the conversation with her dear uncle next time she saw him.
“Though your dad was a year older, they were best mates. From different ends of the country, your father from Manchester and Argyle from Edinburgh. Both started Guilder at the same time.” Lanford sighed. “School was very easy for your uncle, so we put him in a higher level. The two boys immediately became good friends. Both were extremely intelligent and promising young lads. The school couldn’t have been more excited.”
“So they were buddies.” Big deal.
“We were concerned about your father. He quickly grasped the concepts, but also argued with our ideals.” Lanford shifted and ironically, Rae didn’t feel the bench move. “He vehemently disagreed with the idea that we should be unvoiced about our gifts. However, most of us – I was a young professor at the time – felt he’d outgrow his rebellious stage when he received his ink.” The headmaster stared straight ahead, as if watching an old video replay.
“What happened?” Rae spoke in a quiet voice. The curiosity began to turn into dread as it settled in the pit of her stomach. Not sure I want to hear what happens, but scared or not, I need to know.
“Argyle influenced your father in a positive way. So it came as quite a shock when, a few months after Argyle’s fourteenth birthday, he informed us he’d be leaving.” Lanford smiled and patted Rae’s arm. “I remember him as a young boy, always a mess – clothes, hair, room…everything except his thought process. That always remained in perfect order. Brilliant lad. I’m sure he still is.” Lanford cleared his throat. “Apparently, Argyle had an older sister who’d just turned sixteen and been gifted. His father wanted him back home to show her everything he’d learned.” The headmaster smacked his cane across his knees. “Damn it! Such a good lad, and it was a shame to have to let him go.”
“My mom? But how? If Guilder gives you the tattoo, how’d she get it?”
Lanford looked as surprised as Rae felt. “Guilder doesn’t give you the tatù. It’s inside of you and blossoms on your sixteenth birthday.”
Her eyebrows shot up and she tilted her head. “Oh.” She didn’t know what else to say. So they just appear like magic? How does that work? But Lanford was already talking so she kept quiet.
“Ink stamps tend to be patrilineal; passed down to the men of the family. Most gifted also will only have one child. It may sound silly to you at the moment, but with this power comes responsibility. It’s simply easier this way. Some will try for a second child if their first offspring is a girl. Do you understand what I’m telling you?”
“I th-think so.” Rae nodded. “Males are usually marked, but instead of Uncle Argyle, my mother got it.” You put the girl child out in the wilderness to be eaten by wolves. Rae bit her tongue to keep from saying her thoughts out loud.
“Correct. Your grandfather had been such an asset to this country during the Second World War, we high hopes for Argyle. At the time, Guilder didn’t allow girls into the school, so we were never able to work with your mother.”
Rae couldn’t believe her mom had a superpower…or her dad. Oh yeah, Dad… “What about my dad?”
“Your father, Simon, turned sixteen and received his ink – a unique one. Unfortunately, he continued to fight against the teachings of the school. It seemed that without Argyle here, he became more self-absorbed.” The headmaster paused. “The summer Simon’s father passed away, he went to stay with Argyle. He planned on returning to Guilder for his final year, but he met your mother, Bethney. I guess they fell in love. The school, your grandfather and your uncle all opposed their dating.”
“Why?”
“It’s…well…it is believed to be dangerous.” Lanford fidgeted with his cane. “That’s one of the reasons Guilder remained an all boys’ school. It was thought best not to create challenges in our young adolescent boys’ lives when they’re challenged enough with what they have inside of them and gaining control over it.”
What? How does that make sense? Rae itched to interrogate Lanford, but cautioned herself against it. Skip it, don’t ruin the talkative mood, Rae.
“Until now.” What about her mother? Couldn’t she have benefited from the knowledge Guilder had to offer? Maybe she could’ve learned something and saved herself and Dad from the fire. They might still be here today if Guilder hadn’t been so chauvinistic.
“Yes, until now.” The headmaster smiled.
It set her off. Rae couldn’t hold back; her temper flared, hands clenched, she pounded her knees. “What about us? You say you worry about the boys, but what about the females who could use help with their gifting?”
“My dear child, that’s one of the reasons we’ve opened the school to young ladies such as yourself. We have high hopes it’ll go well.”
Still frustrated, Rae rubbed her hands down her thighs, squeezing with her fingers just above her knee, trying to relieve tension with a little self-massage. It didn’t really help. “Devon said the reason Guilder opened its doors to females is because of me. Not some quantum shift in your chauvinistic thinking, but me specifically.”
“Devon is a good lad, and it’ll do you well to pay close attention to him. He’ll help lead you in the right direction.” Lanford’s head bobbed up and down. “That boy has his head on straight and will do very well in life. His power is small compared to some, but his talent is immense. He’s an example to us all – a natural leader the students follow.” Lanford’s chest puffed with pride.
Rae’s eyebrows came together. She opened her mouth to ask her question again.
Lanford cleared his throat, cutting her off. “Now, be patient.” He waited until she closed her mouth. “In truth, you are a big reason for the female enrollment. Your father and mother both possessed powerful gifts. If you inherited either or both of them, it would be unjust to have you learn on your own. What I don’t understand is what your uncle Argyle was thinking by not mentioning anything to you.” His cane pounded the ground, punctuating his words. “He’s a smart man, I can’t for the life of me figure out why he did not say anything to you. This is going to be a very challenging year for you, and I’m glad we’ve a few months before your birthday to help you prepare.” He patted her knee and smiled.
She wasn’t about to let it go that easily. The child deep inside who had been orphaned at a young age and had never quite healed from the experience, wanted answers. “If my parents’ gifts were so strong and powerful, why’d they die? They should’ve been able to save themselves from the fire.” Rae’s eyes filled, but she refused to let any tears fall.
“My dear, there’s so much you don’t know yet. I promise you’ll learn everything we can teach you, but not all of it tonight.” He pressed his lips into a thin line. “I have matters I need to attend to, and I think you have enough information to absorb for today.”
He rose quickly – faster than Rae thought his large frame should be able. She grabbed the arm of the bench, frightened it would topple backward, but was surprised when it didn’t even rock. She checked to see if she could spot his ink, which was useless since his shirt and suit jacket covered his arms.
The headmaster walked a few paces and turned back around. “This is a school for learning and no question is the wrong one to ask. I’ve asked Devon to tutor and help mentor you for the upcoming year.” He held up a hand to stop the question he knew she was going to ask. “It isn’t because we feel you’ll have trouble with your classes. I think, without your background knowledge of the powers, it’ll make it easier for you to ask questions in a tête-à-tête setting.
Yeah, or if it has anything to do with my family, since I’m already a freak at this school. Rae ran her fingers through her hair in frustration as she tried to calm down. The headmaster did seem like he was trying his best to help her. The thought of hanging out with Devon a few evenings a week didn’t sound too bad either. She took a deep breath and tried to let go of some of her tension.
Lanford straightened. “We want to help you understand how you can use your gift to its best advantage. How we can help make this world a better place for everyone. That is Guilder’s quiet oath and the dream for all of its students.”
Rae figured he spoke those words a lot. They sounded well-rehearsed. As she headed back to Aumbry House, she wondered what the big deal was about having both parents inked. Her chest tightened as she began to worry what the rest of her family’s story was.



Chapter 5
Friends?

The next day, the students sat in the dining hall eating breakfast. The tense atmosphere of the previous day seemed like a bad dream. Everyone appeared relaxed and informal, even jovial.
“Julian has a car?” Molly straightened in her chair, eyes bright.
Andy swigged the rest of his breakfast tea, then laughed. “Yeah, a few of us seniors do, actually. I’ve a feeling the school won’t be allowing many of the girls to keep a car on campus – at least probably not in the near future.” He tried, unsuccessfully, to wipe the smirk off his face.
“That’s fine.” Molly raised her eyebrows, a tight smile playing on her lips. “If boys have cars, why would I need one?”
“I think Andy’s just teasing you, Molls.” Rae laughed. It felt great to talk about normal things and forget about all the crap she was dealing with. Waking up, she had decided to leave all the confusing stuff under her pillow and not let anyone see it. She needed to fit in. Having people know so much about her when she didn’t know them made her feel vulnerable, but there was no way she’d let anyone see it. In a weird way, it felt like her vulnerability was the last private thing she had.
“How’s our American gal feeling today?” Andy looked at Rae. “You were…uh…you seemed kinda upset at dinner last night.”
Rae swallowed an oversized bite of scrambled eggs, choking on it. “Yeah, about that…sorry.” She paused, blinking. “I was really jet lagged, and I guess…everyone staring at me…” She let the sentence trail off, hoping someone would take up the conversation from there and not camp out on the one topic she didn’t want to discuss.
“Don’t worry.” Andy nodded sympathetically. “The curiosity’ll die down soon enough. You’re a pretty girl, and there’s a story behind your name. That’s bound to turn some heads. On top of that, don’t forget this has been an all-male school for a long time. It’s an awesome thing to have girls here now.”
Rae’s cheeks pinked at the compliment. Thank you Andy!
My knight in shining…fur…or something.
“Are you up to anything this afternoon?” Andy asked.
Rae blinked, trying to forget her train of thought before she erupted into a fit of laughter. “Madam Cro— Elpis wants us to meet the new girls arriving. Wanna come?” Rae ignored Molly’s giggles at her almost mix-up.
“Sure, but I’m pretty sure the interesting ones have already arrived.” He quickly stood and turned, taking his tray to the collection area.
Molly leaned over to her and whispered, “I think somebody digs you.”
Rae shrugged. “I think he was referring to you. You’d better watch out. He’s hungry like a wolf!”
Molly stuck her tongue out, but put her poker face on when Andy came back.
After eating, they headed to Aumbry House. They sat out front on the large concrete steps. Haley and Maria joined them, enjoying the bright sunshine. Andy came and sat between Molly and Rae, his leg touching Rae’s. Rae shifted, moving just out of knee-knocking distance. She didn’t seem to move far enough. Within minutes, Andy’s warm leg brushed up against hers again. As she tried to figure a way to get away from Andy and his warm leg without making a scene, Riley and a younger, slightly-built boy came walking by.
“Hello, mates.” Riley’s eyes roamed over Haley’s curvy figure. A small smile lifted his lips. “You’re a senior, right? What’s your gift, again?”
Molly spoke before Haley had a chance. “She can pass wind.”
“I don’t pass wind,” Haley snapped, scowling at Molly. “I create it.”
Rae rolled her eyes heavenward, embarrassed by both girls. “Cool.” He pointed at the sandy blond guy beside him. “This wee fellow’s Nicholas. He’s like an instructional guidebook. You name it, Nic can put it together without the manual.”
“Handy. What does your ink look like?” Haley asked.
“Like an open book.” Nicholas held his arm out. “The ink is kind of boring, actually, but the talent’s totally useful.” He sat down on the steps beside her.
“Especially when you’re trying to get out of a tough situation,” Riley bragged. “Nic can build a device out of a paper clip and a stick of chewing gum!”
“You sound like MacGyver,” Rae said.
“Pardon?” Nicholas’ eyes grew big and he began fidgeting.
In fact, everyone stared strangely at her.
“You know, MacGyver?” Rae wondered what was up with the weird looks.
She got nothing but silence, followed by nudges and shrugs from the guys.
Rae sighed, wishing she’d just stayed in her dorm room. “It was an old television show in America. About a guy who can get out of tough situations by using whatever’s lying around. Kind of like a private eye – mystery series.” She shrugged. “Maybe you never had it here in England.”
“We’ve never heard of the show, but it sounds just like our Nicholas.” Andy slapped Nic on the back. “The best part is Nic’s last name is MacGyver.”
“You’re kidding me!” Rae glanced from Riley to Nicolas in disbelief. Great. Now Molly was going to tell everyone she was psychic. That’s all she needed.
“No joke.” A relieved-looking Nicholas let out a tentative laugh and started playing with his keychain. Rae noticed a Swiss army knife on it and held back a giggle.
“Maybe the show was invented by some distant relative who’s getting a big kick out of the story line and the reality versus irony of the show!” Andy said.
Nic’s face brightened, making him appear even younger than sixteen. “I’m checking it online tonight. I’ll have to get the DVD for my dad for Christmas.”
While they chatted about the upcoming school year, Riley made mention of a school dance in October and that Guilder always invited the nearby female college, Roe Hampton.
“Maybe they won’t invite the girls this year since we’re here,” Molly said.
She sounded so hopeful, Rae felt a little twinge of compassion for her roomy.
“There are two dances held each year. One in the fall and the other in the spring. It’s been tradition here for as long as the schools have been in existence. The dances are held like balls or masquerades – like they used to have in Tudor times with King Henry VIII. I doubt they’ll stop it because sixteen girls are at Guilder now.” His arm swept the school grounds. “We spend ten months of the year stuck here with all of us freaks, so it’s nice to hang out for a bit with the rest of the world and act normal. You’ll see for yourself. The fall dance is here at Guilder and the spring dance is at Roe Hampton.”
Molly pouted and crossed her arms. “I prefer being around us freaks rather than those freakin’ girls.”
Andy laughed and grabbed Molly’s hand to pull her up from her position lounging on the steps. “Come on. Wait until you’ve been here for a year. Then you’ll be begging for some normal human interaction. We’re not allowed to use our ink at the dances, but someone always plays the joker and stirs up some trouble.” Andy winked at Molly. “It’ll be right up your alley.”
Molly’s face turned red and Rae swore she could almost see steam coming out of her ears. Molly put her hands on her hips and squared off with Andy who had the good sense to look both sheepish and apologetic at the same time, for all the good it did him.
“And just what exactly do you mean by that?” Molly tilted her chin up, daring him to answer her. Andy sputtered, trying to come up with a good apology to get himself out of the tight spot he’d put himself into, all the while, Molly stood stabbing her finger into his chest and giving him what for in a tirade so non-stop Rae was seriously waiting for Molly to pass out from lack of oxygen. Everyone watched with rapt amusement and was only distracted by a new arrival.
Julian came toward them from Joist Hall. He walked with an air of confidence, with long, purposeful strides, his lanky artistic fingers constantly moving. Rae thought he tapped a rhythm, or, maybe, drew something in the air. But, she couldn’t be sure because it seemed to be a sub-conscious kind of reaction, something he didn’t really notice he was doing.
“Where’s Devon?” Andy asked when he came within earshot.
Rae said a silent thank you to Andy. She’d been thinking the same thing, but was too embarrassed to ask.
“Having lunch in town with Beth.”
Rae choked on the water she was drinking.
“Are you all right?” Andy patted her back.
“Yeah. The water just went down the wrong pipe.” She pretended to take another small sip. She heard Haley mumble something sounding like “faker”.
“Bummer, Devon’s got a girlfriend?” Molly shrugged and turned to Julian. “What kind of car do you drive?”
“A Jaguar.” He said it as a matter of fact, and didn’t appear to be bragging.
“Is it fast?”
Andy laughed. “Have you ever heard of a slow Jag?” Molly punched his arm hard enough to make him wince.
Riley snickered. “Julian comes from very old money, with a lot of new money on top of it.”
“Shut up.” Andy scowled at Riley. “Ignore him. He’s just jealous. Julian’s actually a very kind, gentle guy, not at all a snobbish rich kid.” He looked at Haley when she snorted. “Don’t start thinking I’m gay. I’m not. I definitely prefer girls.” He glanced at Rae. “Julian’s got an extremely big heart, which I’m sure some nasty gold-digging chick’s going to take advantage of one day.” Andy said the last bit while pointedly looking at Haley, who managed to look both innocent and evil at the same time.
I REALLY don’t like her, Rae thought to herself. Since Andy didn’t appear to like her either, Rae decided that put him on the positive side of her mental score card. She was trying to decide who might be trustworthy and who she should look out for. Haley was definitely on the negative side of the list. Andy just might be on the positive side.
“Awww…shucks,” Riley taunted. “You watching out for your mates? You sound more like a dad than a friend.” The jury was still out about Riley, but Rae was thinking so far he seemed to be leaning more toward the negative side.
“I’d quit now,” Julian warned, his face turning from gentle to very hard – almost scary – making Rae wonder what was behind it. What does he know that would make him give a look like that? “I heard Andy’s the leader of his wolf pack.”
“Whatever.” Andy replied petulantly. Riley’s eyes slid sideways to Andy, but he kept his mouth shut. Rae filed the entire encounter away for later analysis. She knew there was something lying underneath the emotions and the words, and it might be important, but she had no idea what it was or how to go about finding out. However, if nothing else, it was information, and Uncle Argyle always said “information is power.”
“Can you take us for a ride, Julian?” Molly asked.
Leave it to Molly to change the subject, Rae thought with a smile.
The rest of the afternoon flew by, even with her constant inner voice asking questions and making observations. Rae participated when asked a question, but spent most of the time listening to everyone else. By dinner, her ears couldn’t handle anymore jokes, or warnings about which teacher to avoid, what which class you could slack off in, who smelled funny, and whose hands not to shake. She ate as fast as she could, without appearing rushed. All day, she’d felt like she’d been playing some twisted live action game, in which she didn’t actually know who her opponent or opponents were, or what the goal was, or how to play, kind of like playing chess with a blindfold on. She’d been hyper-aware of every twitch, cough, laugh, sidelong glance and comment made by anyone within ear shot and now she just wanted to go to bed.
Rae left dinner early, hoping no one followed her. She needed to clear her head and relax. Outside, as she walked the same path she had with Lanford the night before, the fresh air caressed her cheeks, cooling her. She inhaled the scent of fresh-cut grass and evergreen trees. In front of the Oratory, she settled on the cast iron bench. Resting her elbows on her knees, she dropped her head into her hands.
Could things get any crazier? She had so many questions. What was so important about her parents, and could their gifts have had something to do with the fire? Shoot, what were they marked with? Why hadn’t her uncle told her anything before, not even when she received the scholarship from Guilder? And how could she get answers to all these questions?
Rae rubbed her temples. Thinking seemed to cause more confusion in her already chaotic brain.
“Everything all right?” Devon’s concerned voice broke through the night.
Rae popped her head up and looked in the direction of the sound. She hadn’t heard him approach and blinked in surprise to see him standing at the end of the bench.
“I’m fine… I guess.” She didn’t have the energy to lie and she needed to confide in someone. Could she trust him? Did she have a choice? More questions, ugh! She shook her head and decided to just go with it. “I’m just a little confused and very overwhelmed.” Her brow furrowed as she rubbed her temples. “Or maybe very confused and a little overwhelmed.”
He sat down beside her, but said nothing.
Rae sighed and dropped back against the bench. “My head’s pretty messed up at the moment. And, crazy as this may sound, I’m glad my birthday isn’t until November.”
“November fifteenth is going to be a huge day for you. I think, actually, it will be for the entire college and our society.”
Great, more cryptic and more pressure. On top of that, Rae didn’t feel like explaining her birth certificate was wrong. Her mother had gone into labor early and had Rae at home. Two days later she’d gone to the hospital to register the birth. The hurried doctor had written the wrong date on the birth certificate. It had never been a big deal, even when she started school, and all the teachers constantly celebrated her birthday on the fifteenth. Rae never felt the need to correct it. Now, she felt that keeping it a secret might be a really good idea.
Devon stared at her, almost expectantly.
For what, she had no clue, so she tried another topic. “The headmaster said you’ll be tutoring me two evenings a week.” Rae wasn’t sure how to turn the statement into a question and now wondered if Devon even wanted to tutor her. How embarrassing it would be if he didn’t! She hoped it wasn’t a chore for him.
“Yeah. He asked if I could help you with some of the beginning gift and skill classes. Offer an ear or mouth when needed.” He smiled, showing off the cute dimple in his right cheek. She couldn’t help but notice again.
The idea of borrowing his lips or ears made her face grow hot. She stared at her hands, tracing the palm of one with a finger on the other. “Thanks. I appreciate that. I, um, I feel a bit lost at the moment.”
“What’s bothering you?” Devon tilted his head toward her.
“How long do you have? We’d be here for hours if I tried to answer that question.” Rae tried to joke, but it came out sounding sarcastic. She cleared her throat and switched to a more serious tone. “I want to know what everyone knows about me. I’m obviously missing something here. What’s so important about my past that makes everyone so quiet and makes me feel like a freak show?”
Devon ran his fingers through his short, dark hair. “I’m not sure I can answer you correctly. I only know what I’ve heard. Maybe Lanford’s a better person to talk to.”
I can’t take this crap anymore. I need to know now. Rae looked directly at him. “Can you tell me what you’ve heard? I spoke with Lanford last night, but I want someone my age explaining it in normal words.”
Devon took a deep breath and leaned forward, resting his elbows on his knees. He paused a few moments. “Everyone knows who you are because of your past. You’re the girl who survived the fire. To your hometown and the rest of the un-inked world, you were the little miracle girl who somehow walked out of the flames unharmed.” He swallowed. “Nobody knows exactly what happened that day. If you don’t remember…” He gave her a questioning look. Rae shook her head, not ready to share something so personal. “You do know both your parents were gifted, right?”
“Lanford said that last night. He also said people with the gift don’t usually marry other gifted people. What’s the big deal?”
“It’s like some unwritten code or rule. I’m not one hundred percent sure why. No one really talks about it.” He shrugged. “It just isn’t done. I do remember your parents being the example often brought up if someone asked. I’ve also heard if two people with ink have children, it could possibly screw the gift up or change it. I’m not talking about making a unique ink. I’m talking about something darker…dangerous.”
Rae straightened. “So the school’s worried I might become some kind of monster because of my parents?”
“That’s not what I meant.” Devon put his hands up in a defensive, placating gesture. “Like I said, I don’t know much about this. I just meant it can change the form of the gift. I don’t know of any scientific studies or anything done on children from two inked parents. There aren’t a lot of…you…them.” He pinched the bridge of his nose. “Our society keeps our ink hidden from the rest of the world, even the ones we love.”
Impossible. How could you keep this from someone you really care about? “So what gifts did my parents have that might go haywire on me?” Rae couldn’t believe something bad was going to happen to her. She’d lost her parents; what could be worse than that?
“You honestly don’t remember anything about them?”
Rae sighed. “I remember stuff. Most of it’s bits and pieces, like a dream from a long time ago. Or I see a photo my Uncle Argyle has and then I can remember the day the picture was taken.” She shuddered, still able to vividly recall the stink of burning. “The fire happened about ten years ago, and I was only six.”
“What do you remember about your mom?”
“My mom?” Rae smiled. A warm sense of longing filled her chest. She was glad Devon asked about her. Rae didn’t spend enough time thinking about her mom nowadays. “I remember her as the sweetest person in the entire world. She doted on me, always protective and loving.” Rae closed her eyes, trying to snatch a feeling or memory from her brain. “Whenever we were together, I felt warm, like it was always bright with her around.” I can feel that heat inside of me, just thinking about her. She blinked and watched Devon.
He smiled. “Your mother’s ink was the sun, so that might explain it.”
“The sun?” Rae pictured a sun with squiggly lines coming out of it. “Probably a really cool tattoo.” She wished she’d known and paid more attention as a kid.
Devon laughed, deep and husky, sending a shiver through her body. “A tattoo’s just ink. What we have is tatù.”
“Why do you say it so funny?” Rae’d heard the weird enunciation several times now.
“Tattoo is just what it means...a regular, boring mark someone paid to get. Taa – toe. You just say the first part long, the second part rhymes with shoe. It’s the original Gaelic term.”
Rae laughed. “Do you always pucker your mouth and scrunch your face when you try to pronounce words? You look like you just ate a lemon.”
“I do?” His face pinched again. “Crap, I do.”
They smiled at each other. She enjoyed the banter, but turned serious again when the moment passed. “I wonder what mine’ll be.”
“The ink’s just a picture. It’s what you do with it that makes you stronger and develop as an individual. The type of person you are…what you’re good at, will be blended with the gift, as well. It usually doesn’t come all at once, either. It grows with you as you mature.”
“What could my mom do?” Rae asked.
“I’m not sure what her powers were. I just know her ink-art.”
“Then why does everyone know about my past if people know my mom’s ink but not what she could do?”
“They know about your mom ‘cause of your…your dad.” Devon suddenly seemed very interested in the night sky, the Oratory building, anywhere but looking at her. “It’s because of him,” he whispered.
“What about my dad?” She leaned forward so he had to face her. Her heart hammered, echoing inside her chest when she saw the fear in his eyes.


Chapter 6
Lessons of the Past

Devon rubbed the stubble on his chin. “What do you remember about Simon Kerr – sorry, I mean, your dad?”
Rae stared at Devon. She couldn’t figure how he’d hidden the scared look on his face so fast. One moment it was there, and the next…it was like he’d closed the shutters over his emotions. “He wasn’t around much, to be honest. He always seemed to be gone for work, or whatever he did.” Rae tried to think, cocking her head to one side as she sifted through her dreams and memories. She straightened when she realized they were the same – her dreams were actually her memories. It’d all been real.
Shifting slightly, Devon remained silent beside her.
“It’s funny now,” Rae murmured. “I’ve never noticed before, but it’s like every memory I have of him seems to be about magic tricks or some sorta dream. One time, I remember being very little, maybe three or four at the time. It’s one of my first memories, but I remember he made my toys float around the room. He could make my puppets dance without touching them. Another time, he made the rain go away when I wanted to play outside.” She remembered sitting by the large bay window at the back of the house, one moment singing the old nursery song and the next, the sun burst through the clouds.
Rae coughed as another memory rushed forward. One she’d tried to suppress a long time ago. “When I was about five…he got mad at me one night. I’d been crying about monsters under my bed. He came into my room really pissed off, and told me the monsters that lived in our house didn’t hide under beds or in closets. They were out in the open and fearless. I, of course, started screaming because what five year old isn’t terrified of monsters? And now he’d just told me they weren’t scared of anything and didn’t have to hide. Basically, they were going to get me.” What kind of person would do that to a child?
She exhaled, trying to calm the anxiety rising inside her that came with the memory. She tucked a long, Shirley Temple curl behind her ear and flipped her hand. “Anyway, my mom came running into the room. She was so ticked, and they started fighting, which only scared me more. In the end, she picked me up and carried me to her bed. I stayed there all night, and when I woke up in the morning, my dad had already left. Not like he was around much, anyway.”
Devon reached out toward her, but Rae shifted so he couldn’t touch her shoulder. She wasn’t looking for pity. Staring straight ahead, she contemplated that night so long ago. It had always seemed more like a bad dream than a memory. She’d been terrified to sleep with the closet doors open and begged her mom to put stuff under her bed. She also slept with a night-light for years after she’d arrived in America. It seemed so long ago, nothing but little kid stuff. She brought her gaze back to Devon.
He sat, picking at his clean fingernails. “I think your dad was right. There were monsters in your house… he was one of them.”
Surprised, Rae’s mouth dropped open. She didn’t know what to say.
“He had one of the most powerful tatùs.” He brought his head up and looked directly at her. “From what I’ve been told, he got greedy and began to use it for himself.”
“Is that such a bad thing? It was his tatt—tatù. His ink.”
“It goes against the code of our society. The more power he got, the more he wanted. He was insatiable. He didn’t agree with the teachings at the school or helping humankind. He did as he pleased, at any cost. Your dad must’ve had some demons or monsters that took him to the dark side. He liked what they enabled him to do, and what he was able to gain. Others liked it as well and joined him; his ideas and philosophy were very convincing.” Devon stopped talking and bit his lip. He seemed as if he wished he could take back some of the words he’d said.
The sins of the father are the sins of the son, or the daughter. Uncle Argyle’s words hissed inside Rae’s head. She kicked a small rock on the ground and it ricocheted off the brick wall of the Oratory.
Devon jumped, startled from the noise.
“What was my father’s ink?” Rae whispered.
Devon kept silent for a moment. He let out a sigh and shifted in his seat to face her. He bounced his foot, his leg shaking the entire bench with its rhythm. “His looked like a Warlock or Sorcerer…something like that.”
Rae hated the silence that followed. The quiet screamed the truth she didn’t want to hear. Her eyes rounded in horror as she thought about the fire. She grabbed Devon’s forearm.
“My father started the fire, didn’t he? He wanted me and my mother out of the picture! He…” Rae tried to swallow the lump in her throat, unable to continue. Silent tears coursed down her cheeks, and her heart hammered out a funky, erratic rhythm. She covered her face with her hands. No wonder her uncle hated her dad. No wonder everyone stared at her like she was some sort of demon or monster.
“Rae, listen to me.” Devon put his fingers on Rae’s chin, turning her face so that she had to look at him. He wiped her tears away as he talked. “No one knows exactly what happened. A lot of people can speculate, but we don’t actually know. You were there, and if you can’t remember, no one can.”
She shook her head. She was already deep in the memory of that horrible night when her parents had died. There was a fire. Her mother had told her in a calm voice to go to the tree house, but added that she needed to get out as fast as she could. Rae’d dashed out and climbed up the ladder as fast as her little legs could take her. Then she’d waited and waited. She’d gotten bored and started coloring with her new multi pack of markers. The burst of heat and flames from the house had hit like an explosion. Terrified, she’d stayed put until the fire no longer looked like it was reaching out to grab her. A nice fireman noticed her climbing down the ladder and brought her to an ambulance out front. People in uniforms, and suits, and gawkers swarmed her yard and she felt lost in a sea of strangers. Then her uncle arrived and took her away with him. He’d lived in Scotland at the time. They immigrated to the U.S. shortly after.
Devon quietly cleared his throat. “Don’t get caught up in the past. You have your entire life in front of you. When you get inked, you’ll be here, at Guilder, surrounded by people who care about you.” He reached out and wiped away a tear trickling down her cheek.
“I’m sorry.” She pushed his hands away as she stood up, angry at herself for crying in front of him, a stranger. “A lot of stuff I never realized suddenly makes sense now. My dad wasn’t such a great guy.” It was no wonder her uncle had taken her to America – away from this society of gifted people, away so the memories became dreams instead of reality, away to pretend that none of it was real. But then why did he send me back here? Is he afraid of me? Afraid of what I might become?
Devon stood up. He reached out as if to hold her, but then stuffed his hands into his pockets. He waited a few moments as Rae composed herself before he started talking again. “Hey, everything’s going to be fine. I’m sorry I said too much tonight. I should’ve just let Headmaster Lanford tell you everything. I feel like an idiot opening my stupid mouth.”
Rae turned, and walked to where Devon stood. She gave him a quick hug and instantly let go, slightly embarrassed. “Don’t apologize. It’s okay. It just shows me how much of a friend you’re going to be. You hardly know me. Yet you know all about my past and never, for one moment, judged me the way the other students have.”
Devon stared down at the ground for a moment, like he didn’t want to see the look on her face. “There’s more stuff you’re gonna hear, and you might not like it. The truth doesn’t always feel good, but it’s the truth, and it’s better than being misled. You’ll handle it.”
Rae thought about her uncle. He’d totally lied to her by not saying anything. Realizing she’d been lost in her own thoughts, she almost missed the rest of what Devon was saying.
“… Enjoy the next few months of learning, and when the day does come, you’ll be ready. It’s the best day in the entire world.”
“My birthday?” She zoned into the conversation with Dumbo ears. Rae started pacing in front of the bench. “What’s it like? Do you just wake up with some miraculous change and then start being all gifted and stuff?”
Devon laughed. “It doesn’t quite work like that. Look, I’ve talked enough tonight. We can discuss more during one of our tutoring sessions, and you’ll learn more in your classes. It’s getting close to ten and the dorms get locked then. I don’t think Madame Elpis would appreciate it if Rae Kerrigan’s late.”
Rae looked up to the night sky and heaved a sigh. “Great! I need to act like an angel or everyone’s going to believe I’m some sort of demon.” Devil’s spawn from her father was what she wanted to say. “I’m going to have to be on my best behavior for the next three months.”
“Don’t worry. I’ll make sure you still have fun. If I haven’t mentioned it, I have some great connections to some very gifted people. Come on, I’ll walk you back to your dorm. Why don’t we plan on starting your tutoring next week? We can meet in the library at Aumbry House. Then you won’t have to worry about getting in trouble with curfew.”
“Sounds like a good idea to me. It’s Molly’s birthday tomorrow. I feel a little guilty. I didn’t go out and buy her a gift, even something little. She is my roommate after all.”
“She’s already getting the best present anyone at sixteen could ever wish for.” Devon laughed. “I can pull some strings in the kitchen for you. I’m sure I can get Sally, our chef, to make a cake at breakfast tomorrow. Molly might get a kick out of that.”
“Awesome. I’ll owe you big time.” Despite the darkness, Rae still looked away so Devon couldn’t see her blush. She was seriously developing a huge crush on him.
“Let’s see what your tatù is. I might take you up on that.”
He elbowed her. “Just kidding.”
Rae’s watch beeped, reminding her of the time. Curfew. They both stood and walked back to Aumbry House. Rae started up the steps to the front door. She turned to wave good-bye, but he’d already gone.
She ran up the last few steps to the front door just as Madame Elpis came walking out of her suite, big brass key in hand. Her brows came together as she stared down the length of her nose at Rae. Rae dropped her head, staring at the floor as she passed her, and ran toward the marble steps as fast as she could.
Halfway up to the first floor, she caught sight of the pay phone below her on the main floor. She turned and glanced around for Madame Elpis. The headmistress must’ve gone into her room already. Rae dashed over to the pay phone and dialed the overseas numbers for a collect call to her uncle. He had some explaining to do. She’d rather talk to him down here with no one around than argue with him in the room where Molly’s ears would absorb every little word, and probably repeat it to anyone who would listen.
After ten rings, she hung up. She’d forgotten about the time change. Her aunt and uncle were probably out for dinner. She’d have to try again in the morning.
Rae trotted into her room, deep in thought. She glanced up to see Molly standing in front of the full-length mirror, trying to see her behind her. The girl had another mirror in her hand, trying to angle it so she could see if there was anything on her lower back.
When she noticed Rae, Molly grinned sheepishly. “I’m curious if there’re any pre-ink, or if I’ll just wake up tomorrow with it. Nobody will tell me what’s going to happen.”
“I wish I could help you. I have no idea.” Rae walked over and squinted as she checked Molly’s skin. It was completely smooth and spotless. “Sorry. I don’t see a thing.”
“Nothing? Crap! Well, be prepared for screeching and wailing tomorrow morning.” Molly stomped her foot. “Shoot! I wish it was morning now. I’m never going to be able to sleep tonight.”
Rae could see this was going to be a long night if her roommate continued to be all Molly-ish about it. As interested as she was about the process, she’d had a really long and draining day and wanted to get some sleep. She had to think fast. “Maybe the ink process acts like the tooth fairy. It won’t come unless you’re asleep. If you stay awake, then maybe it’ll wait until you’re not paying attention to mark you.”
“What? Heck, then what’re we waiting for? Hurry. Let’s get to bed. We need to have the lights out, curtains shut and both of us asleep so I can hurry up and get inked. This is going to take forever if I’m awake all night.” Rae gave herself a mental high-five. Mission accomplished.
“Sounds good to me. I’m exhausted again.” Rae headed to the bathroom. When she returned, she saw that Molly had already closed the curtains. She lay curled up in her bed, covers pulled up tight. She popped her head up just as Rae reached for the light switch.
“Oh, I forgot to tell you. Dean Carter stopped by. He wants you to meet him in his office after breakfast tomorrow.”
Rae’s brain registered the name, realizing that this was also someone she wanted to talk to, but she felt too tired to get excited. “Thanks.” Rae yawned and snuggled down in her covers. “Now get some sleep so we can find out what hidden talent’s going to wake up inside of you.”


Chapter 7
Tatù

“Rae…Rae…RAE!!!” The annoying whispers wouldn’t stop.
Rae rolled over, trying to force her eyes open. In the darkness, her watch’s bright light kept her from seeing the time. She threw the pillow over her head to muffle out the hoarse voice coming from the bed near her. Hadn’t she just gotten into bed? It couldn’t be morning already.
“Four hours,” Rae mumbled. “Then I’ll do anything you want.”
“Come on. Wake up and tell me if you see anything on my back.”
Maybe having my own room would be nice. “Do you know what time it is?”
“About two a.m., but I swear I felt something and want to see if anything’s there. Come on. I’ll do it for you…”
Rae sighed. Way too early. She groaned when she heard Molly flip on the light and felt the thump of Molly’s pillow on top of her own.
“All right. I’m up, I’m up.” She rolled out of bed, rubbing her eyes at the brightness. She stumbled over to Molly’s bed and with one eye open, lifted the back of Molly’s nightshirt to peek at her lower back.
“What do you see? What is it? Ohhh…I can’t look myself. I’m so excited! It’s there, isn’t it? What is it?”
“Nope. Nothing there but your pale white skin. No tatù, no ink, nothing. It’s too early. Too early for the tatù and too early for me.” Rae yawned and flipped the lights back off. Dropping onto bed she pulled the duvet over her head. “Go back to sleep and don’t call me until it’s at least seven. I like my sleep, or the little I can get.”
“Fine. I’ll try to keep quiet, but I’m positive I felt something. I’m just having a hard time sleeping. My dad told me if I get something really cool, he’ll buy me a car. They don’t allow them until our senior year, but maybe the headmaster or the dean would let me have one here this year. What kind of car do you think I should get? Hey, are you awake? Rae? Oh man, you’re asleep again! Damn English-American!”
Rae rolled over and drilled Molly’s pillow back at her. The thud muffled Molly’s voice, but only for a few seconds. Exhaling a long, silent breath, she blocked out the noise and went back to sleep.
At half past seven, Rae drifted back to consciousness. Sleep tempted her, but as she cracked her eyes open, she noticed Molly dead to the world, facing the wall, her pj top slightly lifted. Curiosity made her crawl out of her bed to get a closer look.
There, right along Molly’s spine, rested a unique tatù. No swelling or redness around the ink that hadn’t been there hours before. It seemed like it had always been there, like a birthmark. Fascinated, she got closer and could see a bolt of lightning, along with something else. She couldn’t make out the circle ink and didn’t want to touch Molly’s shirt to see it better. Straightening, she debated waking Molly but had a feeling her roomie probably hadn’t been sleeping very long.
Crawling out of bed, she slipped out the door and headed down the stairs. At least marble didn’t creak like the wooden stairs back home. Speaking of home… She checked her watch. It was pretty early in New York. She picked up the pay phone and then hung up. Her hand hung midair, debating if she should call Uncle Argyle.
Screw it. He owed her an explanation. Swiping the phone card with more force than was needed, she grabbed the head piece and punched the numbers into the phone. She tucked the phone under her chin and leaned against the wall. Out of habit, she tapped her bare toe against the heel of her other foot.
Nine…Ten…Eleven…Twelve…No one picked up. Middle of the night and no answer? Either they were out at some bed and breakfast or they had turned the ringer off at for the night. She’d try again later. She trudged back up the stairs and quietly slipped back into her room.
Now what? She stood in the center of the room, not quite sure what to do. Seeing her desk, she went and sat down at it. Gingerly, she opened the drawer, trying to avoid the squeak. She pulled out a sheet of stationary and a pen. At least if she wrote a letter, she could get some of her thoughts organized. There was no sense in e-mailing Uncle Argyle. He wasn’t computer literate. Rae toyed with the pen before putting it to paper.

Dear Uncle Argyle,

Why didn’t you tell me? About you, or Mom? Or any of this? I had a right to know before coming back to England. It’s pretty crappy of you not to tell me.
I want to know more about my parents, my mom and my dad. Everyone here seems to know about my past – everyone but me.
Call me when you get this.
Love, Rae
PS. Please tell Aunt Linda I’m settling in fine and am enjoying myself.

She reread the letter, noticing how deeply the writing was embedded into the paper. She’d been pressing down hard with the pen. Shoving the letter into an envelope, she quickly licked it shut and addressed it, too scared she’d chicken out. She stuck it in her bag. Later, she’d ask one of the students where to post it.
Rae heard Molly stir and swung around in her chair around to watch. Molly sat straight up, a huge goofy grin on her face.
“Happy Birthday.” Rae smiled, literally feeling the excited buzz in the room.
“Thanks. It’s there, isn’t it? I know it is. I can feel something’s different inside of me – like there’s something new running through my veins. I bet this is better than sex.” She hopped off her bed and jumped to the mirror.
Rae waited quietly on her chair as Molly examined her tatù.
“What is that?” She turned left and right, trying to get a full view. “I see the zigzag. Oh…it’s a bolt of lightning. Cool.” She inched closer to the mirror, squinting. “What’s the thing beside it? A ball? I wonder if it’s supposed to be a balloon. It’s shaped kinda weird. Crap. I got a boring ink. There’s nothing sexy about this.” She dropped her shirt, only to lift it back up again. “The one mark’s detail’s so small compared to the bolt of lightning. Is it a cloud? Does this mean I’m going to have to wait until it storms to figure out what my gift is?” Molly ran to the window and looked out. “I heard it isn’t supposed to rain for, like, two weeks.”
Rae grinned. “I don’t know much about these tatùs, but I’m pretty sure you’re not gonna have to wait until it storms to figure out how to use your gift.”
“Can you take a closer look?”
Rae nodded and pushed her chair back. Squinting, she leaned in and rested a hand on Molly’s hip to steady her. “Sorry. My hands are cold,” she murmured when Molly twitched.
“It’s fine. I’m just wondering if anyone else has a lightning bolt.”
“Hmm…not sure. If it helps, my mother had a tatù of the sun.”
“I heard she was marked inked but couldn’t remember what it was. I wish she was here so she could explain mine.”
“Me, too.” More than you could ever know. She stood up to look more closely at the ink. The detail was ten times better than any real tattoo Rae’d ever seen. She stared at the circle-thing beside the bolt. She slapped her forehead with the palm of her hand.
“I know what the circle-thing is!”
“What?” Molly twirled. “If you can tell me, that’ll be the best birthday present I’ve ever had – besides this tatù, of course.”
“I think it’s supposed to be a kite. You know, like Benjamin Franklin when he flew his kite in a thunderstorm?”
Molly scrunched her face into a puzzled look, then suddenly she brightened. “Holy crap! You’re right. I’m going to be able to create electricity or something super cool like that. Oh my goodness, this is going to be so awesome.” She swung around and grabbed Rae’s hands as she jumped up and down.
Rae went flying across the room. She slammed into the wall and slid down onto the bed. She rubbed her head, just above her ponytail. Shocked, she stared at Molly who stood with her mouth open, surprise written across her face.
They both started laughing.
Molly offered Rae her hand. “I’m so sorry. I didn’t think…I had no idea…”
Rae crawled around the outstretched arm, shaking her own hand. “Thanks for the offer, but I think I’ll avoid the hand contact for a bit.” She stood. “I’m fine. Just wasn’t expecting that.”
“Neither was I.” She spread her arms wide, bumping the wall. The lights dulled and then began flickering above them. “What the…?”
“Hand.” Rae pointed. “On the wall.” Shouts sounded outside the hall.
“Oops. Guess I’d better figure out how to control this.” She stuffed her hands into her pockets. The lights stopped flickering and the shouts outside stopped.
A knock at the door made Rae turn around. When she opened it, Haley came barging through, Maria trailing behind. Haley pulled Molly’s shirt up to see the tatù.
“I knew it was you.” Haley crossed her arms. “I knew if the walls starting shaking, or torrential rain storms started today, or anything weird happened, it’d be you not being able to control your gift.
“Ohhhh yeah, it’s me,” Molly squealed and jumped up and down, hands still firmly stuffed in her pockets. “This is gonna be sooo awesome!”
“Let’s go eat. I’m starving.” Haley pulled Molly and Maria out the door, ignoring Rae.
“Don’t worry ‘bout me,” Rae mumbled. “I’ll catch up.” She thought about Molly and her new skill. Hopefully, Molly didn’t end up frying somebody. This seemed a lot like giving a kid a gun, but not giving them any lessons in proper handling or safety.
She headed over to the Dining Hall.
The birthday cake was perfect – almost perfect. Julian walked in, carrying the cake with all the candles lit, and Nicholas, Andy and Riley began singing “Happy Birthday.” Molly raised her arms.
“Wait,” she said. “Something’s not right.” She spread her arms and knocked all the lights out in the dining hall. “Now sing.”
Rae giggled as Julian came by, his long hair standing straight on end from the static in the air.
Molly slapped Nicholas’ hand as he reached for a slice of cake and sent him flying about three feet backward. “Wait your turn!”
Rae died laughing when Molly tried something on Haley, a crackling and popping noise whizzed by her ears. When Haley pulled her hand away, the air around them smelled crispy. Her hair looked like the picture from an old Bon Jovi album cover Rae’s aunt had from the 1980s. Rae couldn’t stop giggling every time she shot a glance at Haley’s frayed ends, or Molly’s constant apologizing.
“Does anyone want to head over to Aumbry House an’ hang out?” Molly blew her bangs out of her eyes, exasperation written across her face as Haley stomped away to drop her tray off. The boys didn’t need convincing. The four of them stood simultaneously and rushed to clear the table.
“Let’s get everyone and we’ll have a games challenge,” Nicolas said. “Like a games competition of juniors versus seniors. That is, if you older boys are up for it?” He laughed, directing the last sentence toward Riley.
“Dude, you’re so going down. We’ll even let you have Devon to make the teams more even.”
“You can keep him. Just don’t give future-boy,” Craig nodded his head at Julian, “a pen and paper to show the outcome or you guys won’t even play.” He ducked as Julian threw an empty plastic cup in his direction.
“We’ll meet you there shortly. Pick some events, but make sure the rest of the girls actually want to play before you set up to destroy their game room,” Andy said.
Julian turned to Rae. “You interested in participating in this crazy challenge?”
“Heck yeah! But I’m supposed to meet Dean Carter after breakfast, and I don’t exactly know where his office is, or who he freakin’ is.”
Devon leaned his elbows on the table. “Dean Carter’s in charge of the school. Where Headmaster Lanford’s in charge of the students, Dean Carter takes care of the buildings, the alumni and the financial end of the school.”
Andy and Julian both cut into Devon’s academic explanation at the same time and blurted out, “I can walk you there.” “I’ll take you.”
Devon rolled his eyes and sat back in his chair, crossing his arms, not saying a word.
Rae glanced back and forth between the two guys, wondering who to choose, wishing it had been Devon who had offered. “Julian, if you don’t mind…I’d really appreciate it.” Seeing Andy’s disappointed face, she added, “Don’t you have to set up the competition?”
“It can wait. I don’t mind walking you.” Andy nodded, whether in agreement or defeat; Rae couldn’t tell.
Julian pushed back his chair like he had a tatù gift for speed. He grabbed his own and Rae’s trays to dispose of them. Andy stood and headed toward the front exit with the girls. Devon stayed in his seat, playing with the egg yolks on his plate. He kept his head down. Rae couldn’t see his eyes.
“You gonna play, too?” Rae asked quietly.
Devon looked up and grinned, showing Rae his dimple.
“Wouldn’t miss it. Should be interesting to see how the young lads fair against us big boys.”
His attempt at smack-talk made her grin. “Hey, there’re girls competing, too! I’ll be in the young lads group and plan on kicking your butt!”
Devon’s smile turned sly. “Ohhh yeah. That’s why I think the younguns are going to struggle – all this fresh, feminine DNA is going to confuse them.”
“And, of course, you big boys don’t have that problem?” Rae taunted.
Devon didn’t miss a beat. “Maybe just Andy and Julian.”
Rae saw the glint in his eye. “You’re going down for that.”
“Just don’t come sobbing to me afterward when you lose.”
Devon laughed back.
Julian returned, and Rae stood up to leave. She gave Devon a dirty look as she walked by, and, in return, he stuck his tongue out at her.
They left the Refectory, heading toward the main building of the school. Ten minutes later, Rae stood looking upwards. She marveled at the structural design of the main building. It reminded her of Hampton Court Palace her parents had taken her to when she was about five or six. The main entrance included a large, round tower on each side with beautiful, probably original, leaded oriel windows in between on the second floor above the archway.
“The architecture of the building’s amazing, isn’t it?” Julian watched Rae.
“Totally awesome. Is the dean’s office inside?”
“It’s in the right tower of the main building. Enter these glass doors and go up the flight of stairs. There’s a main lobby where the dean’s secretary is, and you can wait there. It’s the room above us, with the big leaded windows.”
“Thanks.” Rae headed toward the door, then turned back. “Oh, one more question. Is there a place I can buy a stamp to mail a letter to America?”
“Lucky guy.” He sounded disappointed.
Rae felt her cheeks burn at Julian’s assumption. “No boyfriend. Just a letter to my uncle.”
Julian grinned, appearing happy and pleased once again.
He pointed along the brick building. “The door with the small red flag hanging on the side is the student post office.”
Rae headed into the main building as Julian turned back to the dormitories. She ran up the now familiar-looking black and white checker marble steps into the lobby. Rae gave her name to the secretary and watched her disappear behind a door down the hall. She was too antsy to sit, so she walked over to the oriel windows and admired the view; so much so that she completely missed the secretary coming back into the room.
“Dean Carter will see you now, Ms. Kerrigan,” the secretary said in an extremely chipper voice.
Rae felt a knot settle between her shoulder blades. She wondered why she felt a vague sense of foreboding.


Chapter 8
Dean Carter

Rae turned to follow the secretary into the dean’s office. She stopped short just inside the door. The bright room was round and completely brick, like the outside of the tower. Ancient-looking portraits hung on the walls, alongside fleur de lis emblems etched into the red stone. Curved bookcases lined half the room. They must have been custom built a couple of hundred years ago, maybe when the vines outside had started growing. While warm and humid outside, a cool draft circled the room, making it feel like the frigid breeze from her aunt’s window air conditioner back home.
A thin gentleman sat in a black leather chair, his long, spidery legs sticking out from under the large oak desk. His expensive grey suit made his dark hair appear black. He wasn’t what Rae would call handsome, but his features were striking. He had a straight jaw shaved perfectly clean, a straight nose and dark eyes, which seemed slightly larger than normal.
“Good morning, Ms. Kerrigan.” His crisp, business-like voice punctuated his sentence. “I assume you’ve settled into your dorm and met a number of our students?” He didn’t glance up from the paper he was signing until he’d finished. The secretary took the documents and headed out of the office, closing the door behind her.
“Yes, thank you, Dean Carter. I appreciate being given the opportunity to finish my high school education here.” She babbled nervously. She continued to look around the room, concentrating on the paintings, probably past deans and headmasters, and not one of them smiling. I bet he fits right in.
The dean harrumphed. “Your parents would’ve wanted you to attend Guilder, so we had to find a way to make this work. It would have been easier, of course, if you had been a boy, but Mother Nature had to have her way.”
Rae stood silent, greatly insulted, but not sure how to respond. Cranky old geezer.
He rested his elbows on the edge of the desk, interlacing his fingers. “Seems the board thinks the school needs to modernize, allow women in.” He harrumphed again. “There was nothing wrong with the system being an all boys’ school. You’d have thought, with all our resources, they’d have built a separate one for females.”
Excuse me? Ouch. Seemed the dean wasn’t too pleased with the new enrollment rules. Rae swallowed, holding back a snide comment about being old-fashioned and chauvinistic. Not a good way to impress the dean and change his mind about girls being allowed on campus. An inner sense told her she didn’t want this man to know how he made her feel. It’d be like giving him ammo or something.
“What do you think of my office, the Round Room?” Dean
Carter leaned back in his chair.
Rae bit her lip as she glanced around again, trying to think of something intelligent to say. “It’s interesting. Is there a reason it’s round or just easier for the builders, back in the day, to keep the inside circular to match the towers?”
“Round rooms were very important to the Catholic church, at least in Wolsey’s time.” He stared down at her. “Do you know who Wolsey was, Ms. Kerrigan?”
“Sure.” Maybe the man also thought females were dense, on top of not good enough for Guilder. “Thomas Wolsey was a Cardinal, and I think he became the Archbishop of York. He’s the guy who helped King Henry the VIII – well, until he couldn’t get King Henry’s divorce from Catherine of Aragon.”
Score one for the GIRL, Rae inwardly cheered.
He snorted “It seems American schooling has taught you a bit of our British history.”
Surprised? Women not equal to men and now he considered
America less developed than England? What was this guy smoking? “Actually, my mother and my uncle always had a fascination with the monarchy, especially the Tudor history. I guess the interest got passed down to me.”
Dean Carter leaned forward at the mention of Rae’s mother. “What else did your mother, or your uncle, teach you?”
Common courtesy, politeness, respect…stuff his parents obviously forgot. She shrugged. “Not much. My uncle has the habit of only saying what needs to be said.”
Dean Carter looked like he wanted to push the topic more, but apparently changed his mind. “So, do you have an idea as to the reasoning for this Round Room?”
Rae glanced around and out the window. “I’m not sure, to be honest. Is the other tower an office as well?”
He ignored her question. “The room is round because Wolsey felt these were the safest rooms in the college. Not for architectural reasons but religious. In here, the devil, or his demons, can’t trap you in a corner.”
The last sentence hung in the air. Is that supposed to mean something to me? Rae shifted her weight. What a miserable guy, and he looked like he was only forty. What bug crawled up his ass? It was just a stupid old tower room, not some sacred religious sanctuary. He hadn’t even hung up a cross or crucifix. “Ms Kerrigan, is everything all right?” His concern didn’t sound sincere.
Oops. She must’ve been making some kind of face, probably a scowl. “Fine…sir. I think I’m just a bit jet lagged from my flight.” Rae knew it was a lame excuse, but she wasn’t about to tell him he made her, and probably the entire human race, feel uncomfortable.
“Be sure and rest up. Classes begin Monday. I’d hate for you to get behind even more since you already have quite a bit of catching up to do.” He looked at his watch and stood up. “I have a meeting with a trustee alumnus who likes to give a lot of support to this school.” He began walking toward the door. He turned just before reaching it. “You’re not inked yet, right?” He didn’t wait for her to answer. “Well, you will be by Christmas. That’s the reason I asked you to come by. There’s a festive dinner with the alumni before the holidays. I guess we’ll have to invite a few female students to it as well. Consider yourself on the list.”
Mortified at the thought of being the freak in a room full of tatùed adults, Rae tried to think of an excuse not to attend. Maybe she could go back to the U.S. a few days early and see her aunt and uncle.
“Relax. Don’t look so terrified.” He shook his head and muttered something that sounded like “women” under his breath. “We invite several of our students each year to attend the dinner. There’s food. You eat and talk to the trustees for an hour. Let them know their money is continuing to be well spent.” He buttoned up his jacket. “Please feel free to stop by any time if you have any questions. Have a good day.”
Like I’m ever going to come back here to see you. I’d rather eat dirt. He pointed with his hand toward the door. Rae noticed his sleeve slide slightly up. She caught a glimpse of his tatù – a hand with an eye inside. She guessed he had the ability to strike fear into the heart of everyone he met. Miserable old git.
“You, too…sir. Have a great day.” She strode to the door. It almost hit her behind on the way out. She quickly smiled at the secretary and headed straight for the stairs, determined to get outside. Rae walked the first few steps and then remembered the competition starting at Aumbry House. She ran down the rest of the way.
Once outside, she took deep breaths to clear her lungs and then continued jogging back to the dorm. She stopped by the little post office for a stamp and dropped the letter from her bag into the red post box inside. Hello Uncle, send answers, she thought as she jogged the rest of the way back to Aumbry House.


Chapter 9
Competition

Loud laughter and chatter greeted Rae as she slipped into the games room. Somebody had drawn a scoreboard on one of the chalk slates, naming the teams junior vs. senior. A snooker game between a pair of seniors against a pair of juniors had just started. Molly, standing beside Brady, threw darts, competing against Andy and twin girls Rae hadn’t met yet. Haley seemed deeply involved in a game of cards against Julian.
“Is there space for one more player in this challenge?” Rae asked to no one in particular.
Everyone paused in their competition to turn and stare. The silence in the room gave Rae an overwhelming sense that she didn’t belong here and made her shift and edge back toward the door. Maybe I’ll give Uncle Argyle a call instead. Just as she was about to cut and run, Andy grinned and waved. Shoot. Saved by a grinning wolf. That can’t be good. Now what?
“I’m, uh, I just need to use the phone. I’ll be right back.” She slipped back out the door as fast as she could. Her heart felt like it had plummeted into her intestines. She’d never fit in here.
The foyer was empty and the pay phone unoccupied. She punched in her uncle’s number, now desperate to hear his voice. She’d have even settled for an answering machine but Aunt Linda refused to use one. Rae tried once more and slowly put the phone back on the receiver. Ah, come on Uncle…I need you. Why won’t you answer? Are you hiding from me or something worse?
Glancing up the stairway, she debated just heading to her room and skipping the competition. Loud laughter and muffled cheers erupted from the games room. Someone hollered, “Nice point, Nic.”
Rae paused, her hand on the banister. She’d never fit in if she didn’t try. With a renewed sense of determination, she changed direction and headed back to the competition. Stepping through the door, she walked straight over to Andy and the twin girls, a smile pasted on her face. They’d moved to the other side of the room, where a game of cards was going on. She ignored a loud harrumph coming from the dart area.
“Hiya, I’m Rae.” The girls wore shirts like the old Lavern and Shirley TV show Aunt Linda liked to watch: one was marked with an “N,” the other an “A.” “Hi,” the twins said at the same time.
“This is Nadia and Aidan,” Andy said.
“Cool,” Rae said. “Your names are the same but spelled backward.”
Both girls’ eyebrows shot up. Nadia spoke, “Most people don’t figure that out unless they see our names written down, and even then, hardly anyone notices.”
Rae shrugged and smiled. “I’ve got an uncle who loves to play with words. He’s kinda brushed off on me.” She glanced at the door, wondering if she should try calling him once again. “Are you both here, waiting to see which one of you gets tatùed?”
“We’re already inked, both of us,” Nadia said.
“No way!”
“Totally.” Aidan grinned. “We’ve got the stamp of Morpheus to prove it.”
“Morpheus? I know he’s a god, but which one?”
“According to Greek Mythology, he’s the god of dreams,” Nadia said.
“We can make people dream in their sleep,” Aidan added. “You both have the same power?” At least Rae wasn’t the only special case in the female department.
“Yeah, except Aidan can make some seriously scary dreams, and I’m much better at the happier ones.”
Andy put his arm around Nadia. “Looks like you’re the gal I need to stick with.” He glanced over at Aidan, slipping his other arm around her shoulder. “Maybe I’d better be nice to you…payback would be a nightmare.”
“Rae Kerrigan!” Haley shouted over by the dart boards. Everyone turned to stare at Rae. “We need a junior to compete.” It seemed like she was trying to keep a straight face, but the corners of her mouth kept twitching.
Determined not to be wimpy or shy, Rae strolled over. “I’ll help, but I’ve never played before.”
Riley, leaning against the wall, straightened. “Never played darts? Sounds like you’ve been Americanized.”
Haley snorted.
Rae pushed her shoulders back. If Haley had PMS, that was her problem. “You’ve got topless darts in Britain. If those bimbos can play, so can I.”
“Impressive,” Riley said. “Seems like Kerrigan’s got some guts after all.” He grabbed some darts. “Here. Have a few practice tries, and then you and Haley can square off.”
Rae shrugged. “I’ll try my best.”
The darts were smooth with a grooved end near the tip. They were heavier than Rae thought they’d be. She figured they’d weigh as much as a pen and tried to hold it the same way. Walking to the line, she turned and faced the board.
“Just aim for the red dot in the middle, or the green ring around it,” Riley said.
Haley wrote their names on the little chalkboard beside the board. “We’re playing around the world. You need to hit every number on the board once, plus the bull’s eye.” Haley wrote one to twenty and two bull’s eyes down the board lengthwise. “I’ll keep your score and you do mine.”
“Fine.”
“That way you can’t cheat,” she added loud enough to make people to look their way.
Rae dropped her arm to her side. “I don’t cheat.”
“Like father, like daughter.” Haley shrugged.
What a bitch. “You never even met my dad.” Her uncle’s words pounded inside her head. Rae shook it to clear her thoughts and defend her family. “You’re such an as—”
“Cool it.” Riley stepped forward. “Put your claws away, girls. Just shoot the darts. We don’t want to be here forever.”
“Fine, let’s play.” Rae threw a shot and cringed when the dart made a solid thud into the wall above the board. The next one barely hit the black rim, outside the point range. Closing one eye, her tongue out to the side, she tossed the next one just above the bull’s eye.
“Good shot,” Devon cheered from across the room.
Rae’s mood lightened and she turned, eyes searching for him only to realize that he had actually been encouraging a teammate playing some game on the Wii. Embarrassed, she stepped toward the scoreboard as Haley erased the twenty on the board. She stepped to the line, shoulder shoving Rae as she passed. Ugh! Mean-spirited bitch.
Haley threw two of her darts, each one landing on a number. Rae grabbed the eraser and rubbed the first number off. Double checking the second dart, Rae reached for the two darts and jumped back in surprise when another whizzed by her ear. She ducked low to the ground.
“Oops. My bad,” Haley said loudly with false innocence. “That one slipped. You shouldn’t grab the darts until I’m finished throwing.” She tsked.
If Rae hadn’t shifted to check the last dart, she’d have the last one stuck in her head. She was blistering mad, but she said nothing. I won’t let her get to me. She grabbed her darts and went to the line to take her turn.
The game continued for twenty minutes with Rae falling miserably behind. But when Haley had only the bull’s eye left, Rae managed to hit her remaining numbers and bring the game to a tie. The two went back and forth, aiming for the red dot, both unable to hit it.
“This is taking forever. How about we go one last turn?” Riley said. “You each get one dart. Closest to the bull’s eye wins. Haley, you go first.”
Haley threw, nicking the metal around the center and landing just outside.
Rae set her feet on the line, one slightly in front of the other and closed her left eye, then her right. She moved her arm in practice, following a make-believe arc where the dart would go. Calm, she exhaled and held her breath to stop any movement. Completely focused, she opened her eyes and tossed the dart, knowing, before even releasing, it would stick in the center.
The dart traveled and at the last moment, arced to the left, just outside of Haley’s. Rae opened her mouth about to protest but kept quiet when Riley patted her shoulder, then walked over and high-fived Haley. She stared at the trickster, who wiggled her fingers at her in a wave.
“Nice try,” Haley said. “You lose.”
Riley went over to the team scores and added a point to the seniors.
Rae moved beside Haley, erasing the scores. “You cheated,” she hissed quietly. “You used your tatù.”
Haley covered her heart with both her hands. “I’d never.” She batted her lashes and grinned wickedly. “Can’t even lose fairly, can you?” She clucked and shook her head. “Just like dear ol’ daddy.”
The pounding in her ears grew deafening. Rae wanted to say something snide back to Haley but knew the girl would love that and it would only feed into the situation. She didn’t want to feed anything, she wanted to win, so she knew she had to leave this alone. “Whatever,” she muttered and turned to leave.
Suddenly November seemed a long way off. Once she had her hidden talent, she’d show Haley she wasn’t her father. She just had to be patient.
For the rest of the Sunday afternoon and evening, Rae read in her room. Molly flitted in and out, her mouth never stopping. Rae nodded and responded when needed, which seemed to suit Molly perfectly. Rae was secretly pleased with herself having found a way to “manage” her roomie without too much effort. After a quiet dinner, Rae headed back to the dorm and into bed for an early night, congratulating herself on a day well-spent.
Monday morning, wet drizzle created puddles everywhere. Rae and Molly veered left and right along the sidewalk trying to avoid them. Cool wind rushed against their faces, making them shrug down in their rain slickers and wrap their arms tightly around themselves. Their schedules were identical – morning classes were regular educational courses and afternoon classes were scheduled in the Oratory Building.
The first class of the morning began with Professor Stockheed. He stood at the front of the class, short and slight. Rae sat a few rows back, but closer to the front than the back. No better place than the middle for fitting in.
“People.” His voice stopped all the conversation floating around the room. It sounded like it had a hundred different accents, but Rae couldn’t place one of them. “I know you’re excited with the new school year, but we’ve got work to do.” He strolled by each desk and handed out a lined sheet of paper.
Rae watched the professor as he walked down the aisle and continued to speak. Her paper slid along the desk and, without looking, she put her elbow down to stop it from slipping off.
“I’d like each of you to think of the most memorable book you’ve ever read. Tell me the story, without sharing the title or the main character’s names. You’ve got ten minutes to explain it.”
The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe. Rae turned back in her chair, ideas already forming in her mind on how to start the first paragraph. Grabbing a pen from her bag, she went to write her name on the top right corner.
Her hand froze midair.
On the paper in neatly capped black letters lay a note. Rae’s head pounded a delirious rhythm. This couldn’t be good. She glanced around the room, but no one sat watching her. They were all busy writing, heads bent over their work.
Exhaling slowly and deliberately she cringed, not wanting to look down.
“Is something the matter, Ms. Kerrigan?” Professor Stockheed’s voice floated from the back of the room.
“No, sir.” Rae bent down, resting her left arm on the table, elbow bent to cover the paper. Forced to look, she read the note.

KERRIGAN…NOBODY WANTS YOU HERE. NOT AT GUILDER, NOT IN ENGLAND. GO BEFORE SOMETHING HAPPENS TO MORE THAN JUST YOU.

Rae’s stomach dropped into her sneakers. Another Rae-hater. The professor? What did he mean by “more than just you”? Was this the reason she couldn’t reach her uncle? No, I won’t do this, I won’t freak out…
“Five minutes, class.” Stockheed stood by his desk.
Rae spread her hand over the note, her sweaty palms sticking to the paper. With a will of their own, her fingers curled into a fist as anger coursed through her veins. The crinkling noise of the sheet as it crumpled into a ball made the students nearby stare at her. She didn’t care. She hadn’t done anything wrong and these people were still judging her.
“Ms. Kerrigan?” A fresh, blank sheet slid onto her desk from an arm entirely covered in tattooed flags. It reminded Rae of a quilt her aunt once made, like a mosaic. “Shall we try again?” The professor smiled. He looked spooky with his crooked teeth. He strolled up the aisle without saying another word.
By lunchtime, Rae’s stomach was eating itself. Molly and she headed to the Refectory for lunch. Rae piled her plate high. Depression made her hungry. She wished she could bury her face inside of her pile of food when she heard Devon’s voice.
“Rae, you up for some tutoring tonight? Or do you prefer to eat the entire cafeteria out of all its food?” He laughed. “Headmaster Lanford suggested we meet two nights a week. Whatever works best for you…” He let the sentence trail off.
“Tonight’d be great. Thanks again. I really appreciate your help.” Silly girl for stacking her lunch plate with enough food to feed a small country.
“Tutoring?” Nicholas interrupted her thoughts. “From the sounds of your answers in our classes this morning, I don’t think you need any tutoring.”
“It’s just to help get her up to speed on the tatù and gift classes she hasn’t taken,” Devon explained. “Shall we meet in Aumbry’s library? Say, around eight then?”
“Whatever time works for you is great for me.” Rae wondered if she should mention the note to him from class. Maybe see if the professor had a grudge against other students. “See you tonight.” He turned and walked away, Rae’s heart hammering away in her chest. He’s got a cute butt. Her cheeks grew hot. Between her nervous heart and fire-burning cheeks, she hoped she didn’t have a heart attack.
“Shall we get going to our first ‘magic’ class?” Nicholas said.
“Magic? I thought—”
“Not real magic. There’s no such thing. It just seems like it when we use our tatùs.” He smiled, excitement flashing in his eyes. “I’ve been waiting for this moment for three years!”

Chapter 10
Magic Class

Rae walked into the grand room of the Oratory and felt like she’d stepped back in time. It appeared to still be in the sixteenth century.
The same black and white marble that appeared in every other building decorated the floor. Dark stained oak with hundreds of intricately, detailed carvings covered the walls. The grand room stood at least three stories high with long windows set near the pinnacle of the room. Rae wondered who set the windows so close to the ornately carved wooden ceiling almost five hundred years ago. They must’ve used one heck of a tall ladder.
Antique chairs were stacked along one wall, but there were no desks or tables. The room was as big as a football field.
Eyes wide, she ended up in the center of the room, doing a 360 degree turn to take in the entire view. She wondered if time did actually stand still inside this amazing place. It sure looks like it.
“We have class in here?” Rae whispered to Nicholas. The atmosphere felt too reverent to speak louder.
“Some classes are down the hall.” Nicholas gestured to the far side of the room. “It’s where the younger kids study skills until they turn fifteen. Then you graduate to here. I think Lanford’s office is somewhere down the hall, as well.”
“Where do seniors have class?”
“It’s switched. Seniors in the morning, then we have the place after lunch.” Rae had been too preoccupied to notice the other students coming in so it was a shock when she looked around and saw the room now filled with people.
Headmaster Lanford glided into the room, tapping his walking stick to get the students’ attention.
“All of you here are inked. Well, almost everyone.” Lanford nodded at Rae, but not in a discouraging way. “I’d like you to form groups of four and explain—”
He paused in his talking and glanced toward the back of the room. Rae turned to see Dean Carter come in and stand at the back of the room. He appeared ticked off, his arms crossed tight against his chest, and a scowl etched deep on his face.
“…Please introduce yourselves to each other.”
Rae blinked, trying to refocus on Lanford.
Nicholas motioned to the boy beside him. “Charlie just had his birthday this summer. Show us the new ink.”
Charlie walked over and rolled up his sleeve to show a tatù of a hand-drawn man.
“Cool tat.” Nicholas let out a low whistle. “What does it do?”
“It’s the Vitruvian Man. Let’s me heal quickly from, like, everything.”
“How?” Rae was curious. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw the dean head over to Lanford.
“You know the Vitruvian man, right? Leonardo da Vinci drew him and used him to relate proportions of the body. The tatù shows I’m able keep all things proportioned.”
“Skip the da Vinci crap.” Nicholas let out a deep, hearty laugh. “Isn’t the Vit-man the same symbol for the medical profession?”
Charlie glared at Nicholas, then the corners by his eyes began to crinkle and he smiled. “Yeah, you’re right. Just thought the da Vinci shit sounded way better.” He slapped Nicholas on the back in a friendly gesture. “What about you?” He turned to Rae.
“Nothing…yet. I won’t be sixteen ‘til November.” Rae sighed, wishing her birthday had already passed.
“Students. Your attention, please.” Headmaster Lanford tapped his cane on the marble. “Dean Carter would like to have a few words.” He leaned back, as if sitting, but with nothing behind him, not a chair or stool.
“The annual interaction with the Roe Hampton students isn’t far off. I’d like to remind you all: there’s to be no tatù use during the evening. I expect you all to be on your best behavior.”
Rae could’ve sworn he was staring directly at the female students. She averted her gaze when his eyes rested on her.
Molly’s hand skyrocketed into the air, and she waved it furiously.
“Yes, Ms. Skye?” Lanford said.
“Will normal boys be coming as well? Maybe we could invite the students from Oxford.”
“No.” Carter spoke sharp and swift. “We’ve enough trouble with you lot.” He harrumphed and turned to leave.
Molly, sitting by Haley, whispered loudly. “It’s not fair. We should get a dance of our own then.”
Carter paused in his walk, pulled the end of his jacket down crisply and puffed out an exasperated breath. “Yes, let’s do that. Let’s spend thousands of pounds on a special evening just so the female students of Guilder can be happy. Let’s address the alumni board that two dances a year are not enough. Our female students need to have an evening every weekend so they can find a suitable spouse since they cannot do it on their own time.” He scanned the room, his gaze resting directly on Rae. “Heaven forbid we have a catastrophe of one of you falling for one of our Guilder boys.”
Every pair of eyes shot over to her. She didn’t know where to look or what to think. Part of her wanted to disappear and another part wanted to throttle the dean for singling her out. He had no right. She hadn’t asked the question. She hadn’t made her parents fall in love. She didn’t want more dances, or to cost the school tons of money. Feeling persecuted and madder than hell, she refused to drop her gaze and stared at each student until they glanced away.
“All right,” Lanford spoke. “Let’s get back to work, shall we?”
Dean Carter made his way to the door, but not before Rae saw the grin on his face.
What a chauvinist. He had purposely embarrassed the girls and got a kick out of it. Rae turned her shoulders, deliberately showing her back to the dean. She focused on Lanford, already missing part of what he’d said.
“…each ink is different, like a snowflake in a way.”
Rae watched Lanford as he spoke. She cocked her head to the side and tried to see what he sat on. “What’s your tatù?” she interrupted. “…sir.”
“Levitation.” He pushed up his sleeve to show his tatù. A man sitting in a yoga position, floating above the ground, rested neatly on his large forearm. He motioned for Rae to come forward.
She walked up to the front and stood to his right. Lanford stayed in his seated position, and raised both of his arms slowly.
“What the…?” She felt weightless and lightheaded. Looking down, her breath caught. She hung suspended in the air, her feet dangling three feet off the ground..
Lanford wiggled his index finger, bringing Rae up so her feet dangled slightly above his head.
It turned out to be the weirdest sensation, not so much feeling suspended, but more like gravity had left her body. Lanford floated her across the room. She was almost disappointed when the feeling of gravity returned as he set her back down gently. Like jumping on a trampoline for an hour and then trying to walk on the hard, flat ground.
“Next time, Ms. Kerrigan, please raise your hand to ask your question.” Lanford smiled and pointed to where Nicholas stood. “You can return to your spot.”
Not long after Rae jumped, surprised to hear the buzzer sound to signal the end of class. She reluctantly grabbed her bag and walked out into the rain.
What if she woke up on her birthday with no mark ink on her back? A claw of worry tightened her stomach as she realized that it might always remain blank. No one seemed to know what would happen. What if she really was just a normal, boring teen? She couldn’t go back to the way things had been before.
She stopped in the middle of the sidewalk. Her uncle must’ve felt awful when he learned her mother had been given the mark tatù instead of him. What gut-wrenching disappointment he must have felt. Wow, that must have really sucked, to be taken away from all his friends, from my dad, and to realize he wasn’t the special one. Rae pondered this new side of her uncle’s life story as she wandered along the sidewalk.
Using her bag as an umbrella, Rae slipped into the dining hall and grabbed a few buns off of a table. She stuffed them in her pockets, along with a few mini butters. The idea of just hanging out in her dorm room doing homework until her meeting with Devon seemed like the perfect idea. With her pockets stuffed with snack supplies, she set off to do just that.
With her notebook and pen, Rae headed down to the library ten minutes before eight. She tried her uncle on the phone one more time. No answer. But Aunt Linda had called earlier and left a message with Molly, so Rae was no longer worried. She hadn’t been sure if Rae had been trying to get a hold of them. They had no machine and had been away and planned another short holiday for a few nights. Rae figured her aunt was enjoying some time with just the two of them. Her uncle probably said yes to the trips just so he wouldn’t have to talk to her. Coward. She shrugged off her disappointment with her Uncle and focused instead of the tutoring session to come.
Her heart skipped at the thought of seeing Devon. She tried telling herself it was because she wanted to learn more about her past, but knew that wasn’t the only reason.
Rae slipped into the library, picking a table toward the back. The last thing she needed was anyone, especially Haley, within hearing distance.
She sat down on the antique oak chair, rubbing her palms against the smooth top of the table. After a few minutes, she began tapping her pen against her binder. Eyes glued to the entrance of the library, her heart rate doubled when Devon walked through the oak doors.
He’d just showered. His dark hair still damp, and he’d changed into jeans and a white t-shirt. He moved with an easy confidence. She liked that. He raised a hand when he noticed her, arriving at the table in seconds, the speed of his gift carrying him. He moved so fast, his image had appeared blurry from the speed.
“Sorry I’m late.” He plopped down across from her. “The guys had a football rematch after tea and I lost track of time. Then I had to shower, ‘cause I stunk.” He grinned and wrinkled his nose.
Rae relaxed at his easy-going tone. “No prob.”
Leaning forward to rest his elbows on the table, Devon dropped his chin into his hands. “How’d your first day of classes go?”
The scent of Devon’s musky cologne wafted over her. Rae sat back to concentrate better, but the lure of his cologne tempted her to lean forward again and smell his delicious scent.
“Cl-classes were all right. Professor Stockheed seems… uh, interesting.” Rae inhaled a deep breath through her nose, trying to not appear obvious. If Devon said anything bad about the teacher, she’d tell him about the note.
“He’s fine. A bit strange, but he’s harmless. What’d you think of the Oratory?”
Nope. She wasn’t going to mention the note. She focused on his question. “When you walk in the place, I swear, time freezes.”
“Yeah, the Grand Room does seem to hold some special power or quality. Maybe that’s why they called it the Aura-tory.” Devon dropped back in his chair, his hands clasped behind his head. He had long, muscular arms. The corners of his mouth twitched, his dimple winking at her.
“That’s a really bad joke.” Rae laughed despite herself.
“There are plenty more where that came from.” Devon stretched his legs out under the table. “Did you like Lanford’s class?”
“Definitely the most interesting.” She felt her cheeks burn. “He’s got an awesome tatù.”
“Oh no,” Devon laughed. “Who was it? Someone not paying attention or fooling around?”
Rae’s face got hotter and Devon’s laugh got louder.
“You?” He shook his head. “Last year, he lifted Riley up while he was mucking about. Dude didn’t catch on and tried to fight it. He looked like a cat thrashing about in the air. Legs and arms going everywhere as he tried to get his feet back on the ground. Took him a while to figure out Lanford held him there.”
“Mine wasn’t that bad. Thank goodness.” She smiled, relieved. “I love the Oratory.”
“Did you know the school dance next month is held there? It’s looks pretty surreal once decorated. You’d expect King Henry himself to show up.”
“Cool.” Rae didn’t know what else to say. She pictured them dancing together and then she thought about his girlfriend and wondered if Beth’d be there.
“How about we get started?” Devon reached for a pen. “Tell me what you want to know.”
“Me? Shouldn’t you have some lesson plan all mapped out?”
“Nope.” Devon laughed as he shook his head. “These sessions are to help you with any questions you’ve got.”
“Okayyy…” Rae drummed her fingernails against the oak desk, her eyes traveling along a grain in the desk’s wood. “All rightie, let’s start with something obvious. My parents. What do you know about their ink?”
“Skip the small talk and get right into the deep stuff, don’t you?” Devon began doodling on a sheet of paper inside her binder. He rested his chin in his free hand. “I don’t know a lot about your mom. Story is she fell in love with the wrong kinda guy.” He shrugged.
“Then tell me what you know about my father.”
Devon paused in his doodling and exhaled. “You say you don’t remember much about your dad. Maybe he acted different with your mom. To the rest of this secret society of tatùs, he chose the dark side of his ink. I don’t know the hows or whys.” Devon glanced at Rae, quickly dropping his gaze. “He’d be the poster child for the debate about kids growing up evil. Others joined him. This group of men let greed and power rule the choices they made in their lives, with no care or consideration for who got hurt.”
“People who aren’t inked live like that now. That’s no different than the norm of today’s society.” Her dad couldn’t have been that bad. After all, there were terrorists in other countries blowing people up just to say they did it.
“Yeah, but normal people don’t have powerful tatùs to work with. Your dad…he did some pretty bad shi—not so nice things to a lot of innocent people.” Devon paused, setting the pen down on the table. “There are still inked people who agree with what your father believed and are determined to continue with his plans…”
“I get what my dad was. I know there were times when my mother seemed terrified of him. As a kid, I thought it was normal. But my uncle… he never spoke the same way to my Aunt Linda or acted angry. And, it seems, he had good reason to be mad.” She chewed her lip. “You know, when my father was happy, he was good, but if he was mad or in a dark mood…” Rae shuddered and whispered, “Maybe that’s why I forget so much. Maybe I’ve blocked it out because it was so awful. What I do remember certainly isn’t all hearts and roses. I still have nightmares.”
Devon played with his pen cap, unable to look Rae directly in the eye. “Your father had big plans for himself and his little coven of followers. It got to the point where something catastrophic was going to happen. The Tatù Privy Council was terrified of what he planned to do, knowing they’d be unable to stop him. The fire at your house changed everything.” Sympathy filled his eyes. “Miraculously, you survived. Officials were unable to find the cause or source of the fire.”
“It’d be nice to see those reports. Maybe there’s something I’m forgetting.” Rae couldn’t remember anything more significant about that day than losing her mother.
“If you’d like, we can look up the newspaper articles on another night.”
Rae rubbed her temples. “I’d like to remember something no one else knows. Try and right the wrong he did.” She paused, unable to decide if she should voice the hope nagging inside. “Or maybe my dad really wasn’t that bad, and it’s all just a big misunderstanding. Maybe…” She knew how silly she sounded. It was childish, wishful thinking, wanting her dad to be a secret super hero instead of the villain of the story.
Devon took one of Rae’s hands in both of his. He held it for a moment before slowly releasing it. Rae could still feel the warmth from his touch. She stared down at her fingers.
“Deep down, I think I always knew my father couldn’t be a good person. I never knew details, but I always figured…” She blinked rapidly, trying to stop the burning in her eyes. Unable to talk, she half whispered, “I’m terrified I’ll end up like him when I get my tatù. What if his ink changed him? It could happen to me, too.” No wonder the school wanted her here and why the other kids acted weird around her.
She glanced up at Devon, forcing a tiny half smile. A long, sad breath slipped out. “Would you mind if we maybe called it a night?” She didn’t think she could hold the flood works back much longer.
“Sure.” The pity in Devon’s eyes made Rae look away.
Devon’s chair scraped as he stood. “Go get some sleep and don’t worry. Tonight was just a lesson in history. It doesn’t mean anything, and it changes nothing of who you are.” He waited until Rae gathered her things. He didn’t push or question her request. Together, they walked down the center aisle of the library and went their separate ways in the foyer.
It means everything to me. How can Devon think it doesn’t change who I am? It’s like an ink stamp on my forehead. Like I’m already labeled by everyone here. Rae trudged up the stairs and into her dorm room, feeling relieved when she saw that Molly wasn’t already there, with her constant chatter and questions. She just wanted to crawl into bed, cry and disappear into the darkness.

Chapter 11
American Cheeseburger in London

School life settled into a steady rhythm in sync with the English rain. Unlike the rain, school was never tiresome: predictable, yes, but not tiresome. She became friends with a few of the students, said “hi!” to them on the way to and from classes, and even spent time with them after hours. In short, she began to fit in and enjoyed the feeling.
Rae loved afternoon classes best. Studying tatùs and learning how each student grew with their abilities made her more excited each day. September passed by quickly. Rae knew the first weekend of October would be Parent’s weekend and she dreaded it. But when it arrived, it turned out to be even worse than she had imagined.
She wasn’t naïve enough to think that her uncle would fly over for the weekend. Deep down, she didn’t want him there. She wished her mom, or even her dad, were alive to help her through this. When Rae had finally gotten through on the phone to the U.S., Aunt Linda had answered. Each time she called, Uncle Argyle managed to be out or unavailable. The previous week, she’d finally spoken with him, but he’d been evasive since Aunt Linda had been in the room. He hadn’t answered any of the questions she asked.
Over the weekend, other students’ parents avoided her. Most of the students did as well. She felt, once again, like she didn’t belong at the school, and it hurt. Thank goodness Devon’s father turned out to be polite. Otherwise she’d have disappeared and hung out in her dorm.
Just like his son, he didn’t seem to judge her just because of who her parents had been. He talked about Devon the entire conversion, which she didn’t mind at all. Headmaster Lanford interrupted their pleasant conversation to say how ecstatic he was to see Mr. Wardell. He quickly dragged Devon’s father off to speak with Dean Carter. While being pulled away, Mr. Wardell smiled apologetically. She noticed he had the same dimple as Devon and decided she both liked and trusted him, just as she did his son. He seemed the kind of guy who wanted the moon and stars for his kid.
Meeting Mr. Wardell turned out to be the easiest part of the weekend. The rest was like having her fingernails ripped out – she actually thought that might be less painful. Any conversation she tried to have with a parent, Dean Carter stood within earshot to tell them who she was and what she’d been doing since her arrival. He seemed nervous with all of the female students, yet stuck to her specifically, like glue. Almost as if he thought she’d blurt out to the parents without tatùs how special her ink was going to be or how she wanted to take over the world with it. She thought she’d never been so happy to go back to class Monday morning.
Sitting at her desk listening to Professor Stockheed drone on about the importance of punctuation and how grammatically correct sentences allowed people to understand you better, she assured herself that the isolation of the past weekend would dissipate.
As the days progressed, the weather turned cooler and Rae noticed the trees began to glow with hues of red, orange and yellow. The school dance became the focus of everyone’s attention. Molly, determined to ask someone to the dance, was disappointed to learn no one actually took a date.
“I’m gonna ask a boy, anyways,” she told Rae later that evening.
“Ask Craig. His ink is water, and you know it’s an excellent conductor of electricity.” Rae waited for Molly to start laughing, but Molly didn’t get the obviously very bad joke.
Molly just continued to pace the room and talk like she’d never heard Rae. “I’m dying to have my first kiss. Here I am, the sad age of sixteen and I’ve never been kissed. Well, I’ve been kissed, but not that first kiss.” She ran out of the room, shouting Haley’s name and hollering if she’d ever French-kissed anyone. Rae idly wondered why Molly hadn’t asked her that question rather than Haley, but dismissed the thought just as quickly as it came into her head. It was blatantly obvious Rae had little experience in the world of kissing. More important things to do anyways.
She grabbed her backpack and headed downstairs to meet Devon. He was already there, waiting for her at their usual table at the back of the library. He sat chatting on his cell phone as she walked down the aisle. Noticing her, he waved.
Not wanting to eavesdrop, Rae slowed her pace but still caught the end of the conversation.
“…Sounds great, Beth. I can’t wait to see you on Saturday, too. Yup, me too…I, uh, gotta go. I’m tutoring tonight.”
The tone of his voice made Rae feel like an obligation, a job, and that hurt. She’d come to consider him a friend and thought he felt the same. It certainly hadn’t sounded that way.
“Who’s Beth?” She tried to make her voice sound normal.
It took a long time before he answered. Rae watched him concentrate on putting his phone into his backpack. He exhaled, in what sounded like frustration.
“My girlfriend.”
“Oh. How long…have you guys been toget--dating?” Rae blushed, hating that she couldn’t keep her curiosity contained.
“Since the summer after I turned fifteen.”
Rae did the math. His birthday was in March, so they’d been dating almost two years. They might as well be engaged, in to her mind.
“Yeah, we kinda grew up together. Her parents are friends with mine, so it was kinda…She goes to RH.” His words were rushed and jumbled together. “Anyway, I’ll introduce you at the dance.”
Yeah, Rae’d like to meet this Beth and throw rotten bananas at her, along with a few moldy tomatoes. Might as well make sure she’s wearing something white and very expensive so it ruins everything. Rae smiled sweetly, hoping her thoughts weren’t transparent. “Does she know about your tatù?
“No. I haven’t told her anything about Guilder or the ink-stamps. She thinks I got the tatù when I turned sixteen to copy my dad’s snarling fox. She laughed and thought it was adorable I got a little fox with big ears as a tattoo instead of a skull or something more masculine.” He shrugged indifferently.
What a jerk! Can’t you see that, Dev? Come on, I’d be SO much better for you than her. Rae shifted, surprised at her own thoughts. “Funny. I never thought of your tatù as cute.” She cleared her throat and tentatively reached out to touch his ink. She traced it lightly and quickly pulled her hand away when she pressed against his warm skin. “It’s got a lot of hidden depth: speed, agility, awesome hearing. Fennecs have strong vision and aren’t they supposed to have an easy-going nature? Definitely a useful tatù, especially if want to be a secret agent or spy.” She’d checked out fennec foxes on the Internet the day after she’d met Devon.
Devon grinned and straightened in his seat. “I like your definition of my ink. Makes me sound a lot tougher than some tiny, cute, little desert animal.” He laughed.
She glowed with pleasure, but quickly dropped her head down, determined not to show how much his words affected her. Get your game face on Rae, she coached herself. “Don’t you hate that you can’t say anything to Beth about your, uh…gift?” She played with the zipper on her bag. “I’d want to be able to tell the person I lov-cared about. Who wants a relationship built on lies?”
“No way.” Devon shook his head. “It’s hard enough to figure out how to deal with the skill, let alone tell other people. Our society would never allow us to do it anyway. It goes against the code.”
Keep your tatù a secret to the outside world. Use it to the best of your ability. Don’t try to create or evolve what has naturally been given to you. That includes scientific experiments, crossing DNA with each other or creating life. Blah, blah, bull-crap, blah, blah, and so on, and so forth. Rae stopped the mental reciting of the code and rested her hands on the table and leaned forward, curious to know why Devon walked the straight and narrow. He sounded scared to go against the grain or disappoint anyone. He definitely played by the rules. She scrunched her nose, annoyed that Uncle Argyle’s little proverb itched in her memory. Compared to someone like her father, it was no wonder people here considered her a freak and were afraid of her.
She straightened in surprise when Devon stopped doodling and went stock still. His head cocked to the side as his eyes shot to the computer area near the library doors.
“Did you hear something?”
Rae looked around and held her breath, listening. The only sounds she heard were the hum of the lights and the fans from the computers. “Nothing unusual,” she whispered.
“It’s probably nothing.” Devon shrugged, glancing behind him. “I thought I heard something click shut.”
“Might’ve been one of the computers going into hibernation mode.”
“Yeah, probably nothing.” Devon lifted a large volume book. “This covers the entire history of tatùed people in Great Britain. One section even lists the people who attended Guilder.” He opened the book to a random page. “To the unknowing eye, the book represents tattoos students from Guilder have gotten over the years since King Henry’s time.” He tapped his forehead with a finger and gave a knowing smile.
Devon picked up a scroll leaning against the desk. He and Rae unrolled it on the table to study the chart’s tatù markings. The chart divided tatùs into four sections: common, distinct, rare and unknown.
“I’ve seen some of these here.” Rae pointed to Andy’s ink and a few others.
Devon tapped a drawing with his finger in the rare section. “That’s your mother’s ink stamp.” He then pointed to another one. It was one of only three ink in the unknown section. “And your dad’s.”
Rae studied the sun marking with the rays coming out of it. She traced it lightly with her finger, swearing to herself it felt warm. Ironic that it looked exactly as she’d pictured it. She hesitantly brought her hand over to her father’s. “What’s this supposed to be?” She leaned in closer, squinting at the detail. “Some little wizard in a robe?”
Devon coughed. “Kinda. I think it’s supposed to be a warlock.”
“A male witch?” Rae grinned. “You scared?” She covered the ink with her hand. “You think it might rub off on me if I touch it?”
“No.” Devon’s mouth said no, but his action of sliding her hand away spoke volumes about how he really felt. His reaction, and the meaning behind it, bothered her. But she wasn’t willing to explore it at that moment.
She pointed to the title.
“Why’re there only three here?”
“There’s no written code for the unknown section. I always thought of it as more of a black-gifted section. Though no one can say for sure, everyone says that unknown ink is dark. These three shown here were dark throughout our history – the last one being your father’s. The other two are from over hundreds of years back, one being from King Henry the VIII’s time.
“I wonder which category mine will fall under.’” Her gut clenched as she stared at the unknown section. Would she be dark-gifted like her father? Surely not. Between her mother’s and father’s gifts, there had to be a happy medium…right?
“It’s just a chart, a theory.” Devon touched her hand lightly with his fingers. “It doesn’t mean anything. It just gives us something to look at, like the periodic table.” He pointed to his heart. “What matters is who you are on the inside. How you let the gift grow inside of you.”
“Smarty pants.” Rae grinned, all the fear she had felt a moment ago gone.
“Headmaster Lanford taught me that.”
“Okay, he’s the brilliant professor. Is he the brilliant-mad professor?” Rae winked. “Seriously though, he cares a lot for the school, doesn’t he?”
“Everything he does is for the good of this school. Anyone who’s attended Guilder pays homage to it. Famous, rich or whatever, they all give back to the school and, in turn, send their kids here. My father’s a huge supporter and a big fan of Lanford’s and he’s been bragging about Guilder ever since I can remember.”
“I’ve a feeling my father wasn’t as big of a fan.” Rae’s watch chimed and she doubled checked it in disbelief. “Shoot, it’s ten already, and I’ve got a lab I need to write up.” She stood and started shoving her stuff back into her backpack.
“I promised Julian I’d help him with a vision-drawing he had yesterday. He can’t figure it out so I said I’d take a look.” Devon pushed his chair back and placed the chart back into its tube-holder.
They headed out of the library and went their separate ways. Rae spent the rest of the evening trying to do her report, but constantly thought about the chart. She went to bed still wondering how the inking worked and what kind she might get. Restless throughout the night, she couldn’t relax and drop into a deep sleep. Around three she woke from a nightmare, her heart racing, fearful her entire body had been inked, even her face. She dropped back onto her sweat soaked pillow with relief when she realized she’d been dreaming.
The next afternoon Andy stopped by Rae’s dorm room.
“You wanna go for lunch before the dance Saturday? There’s this great little pub in town that serves American food. It’s called ‘American Cheeseburger in London.’ It’s awesome.” Andy let out a growl. “I’ll bring the werewolf.”
She couldn’t stop the explosion of laughter that escaped. “S-sounds like fun. Why don’t I meet you at your dorm around noon?”
Thumping and banging erupted from Rae’s closest. Andy growled and jumped into the room, ready to protect her from the unidentified danger.
“That’s it! I’m taking you shopping.” Molly stepped out of Rae’s closet and slammed the door. “You have absolutely nothing to wear to the dance.”
“I was just--”
“No, you aren’t.” Molly grabbed her purse. “We’re going now. I’ll call a cab from downstairs.”
Andy relaxed, laughed and stepped out of Molly’s way. “I’ll let you two get going. I’ll even offer to drop you off at the shops if you’d like.”
“Perfect.” Molly snatched Rae’s hand and dragged her to the door.
Rae dreaded shopping. She didn’t have a knack for finding things that actually went together. However, the afternoon turned out to be fun. With Molly’s help, Rae found a simple dress, fitted on top but when the material reached her hips, it relaxed and the chiffon ruffled down to her knees. The dress was simple but elegant, in a beautiful turquoise blue-green with tiny sparkles sewn into the chiffon. Molly even talked her into buying loads of little winged clips with rhinestones on them.
“Your hair is super long, and with your curls they’ll look fantastic. I’ll clip them in and do you hair.” Molly pulled a tendril of Rae’s hair from her ponytail. “It’ll look like it’s been pinned up by a million little butterflies.”
“It sounds pretty.” Rae’s aunt had always gone on about how pretty she was and how she looked like her mom. Rae had never given it much thought. Of course, her aunt would say she was pretty. She was family, that’s what family did. But no one else had ever really said it so Rae didn’t really believe it.
“As long as we show those Roe Hampton girls up, the evening’ll be a success.” Molly raised her hand, which Rae promptly slapped, returning the high five.
The following day, Rae ran up the stairs to the second floor of Joist House. Andy had told her his room was the last one at the end of the hall. Reaching the end of the hall, she glanced left and right. There were two doors at the end and she wasn’t sure which one belonged to Andy. After a quick eeny-meeny-miny-moe, she knocked on the one on the right. Her jaw dropped when Devon opened the door.
“Hey, what’re you doing here?” He grinned, his eyes bright.
Rae swallowed. He looked awesome in just a pair of jeans and white t-shirt. “Hi! I, um, I didn’t know this was your room. I, uh…actually I’m trying to find Andy’s room.” Rae felt the heat creep into her face. Why’d she always have to blush? It was so annoying.
His face registered surprise, which quickly disappeared and his features became unreadable. “Andy’s room is across the way.” He pointed behind her.
“Thanks.” Rae turned, hoping he’d shut his door. She wasn’t that lucky. Devon leaned against the door frame, crossing his arms and watching with a smirk on his face. Andy opened his door before Rae finished knocking.
“Ready to go? I’m starving.” He noticed Devon. “Hey, Dev. You want us to bring anything back for you? I’m taking Rae to lunch.” Andy put his arm around her shoulders in a possessive gesture. “We’re going to the American Cheeseburger in London.”
“I’m good. Thanks for the offer.” Devon’s smile disappeared, his face unreadable again. “I gotta give Beth a shout. I’ll catch you guys at the dance.” He headed back into his dorm room, firmly shutting the door. Rae couldn’t keep from glancing back at it as they walked down the hallway.
Andy drove to the pub in his little Volkswagen. Rae giggled when he ran around the car to open the door for her.
“Very chivalrous of you.” She stepped out. “Guilder should be proud.”
Andy grabbed her hand and gave it a squeeze. “Ignore those old professors. They’re so behind on the times.”
Rae nodded, wondering what he meant. She smiled, happy to have her hand back when Andy opened the wooden door to the pub. The smell of fried onions, vinegar and beer filled her nostrils. The old pine floor showed years of foot treading, spilt drinks and polish. The tables and chairs were all Jacobean with twirly-carved legs. A few guys sat at the bar, watching TV as they munched on french fries and chicken wings. Other than that, the place seemed empty. Andy and Rae settled in at a table near the fireplace with actual logs burning inside – not a gas one like you’d find in an American restaurant. The place looked English, but the menu was completely American. Rae loved the casual, cozy atmosphere and couldn’t wait to eat food from back home.
After ordering drinks and burgers, Andy leaned back, resting an arm on the back of the chair beside him. “So,” he drawled, “are you starting to feel settled in?”
“A bit.” Rae played with her utensils and scrunched up her nose. “Everyone still seems put-off by my family history.” “Ignore them. Loads of the guys think you’re hot.” He winked at her and bent forward. “You know, not everyone is scared of the old myths about tatùs dating each other. I’m definitely not chicken. I’m up for the challenge…if you are.”
Rae blushed. It started at the base of her neck and burned all the way to her hair follicles. She got his implication loud and clear. Boy oh boy, she was not interested. “Um…thanks.” She licked her lips. “That’s uh…really nice of you to say.”
“Don’t worry.” Andy grinned. “I don’t bite. Just save me a dance tonight. I can bide my time.” The look on his face turned to an “oh-crap” expression as his focus caught on someone over her shoulder. He straightened in his chair, suddenly intent with his menu.
Rae turned in her seat to see the dean enter the pub. He frowned when he noticed the two of them, his eyes narrowing when he stared at Rae.
Thank goodness the waitress brought their food. Rae stuffed a chip in her mouth right away, avoiding further conversation and not looking at anyone else in the pub. Andy chatted between bites about Guilder, classmates and the English weather.
Rae responded when she needed to. She tried using her peripheral vision to spot where Dean Carter sat. Andy seemed oblivious, constantly hinting the two of them should go out to a movie, to dinner or a club. Shortly after one, she used the excuse of having to get ready to cut their afternoon short. She stood, relieved to see the dean no longer there.
They drove back to Guilder, Andy talking most of the way.
“All rightie, you get going.” Andy parked in the school parking lot and unclipped his belt. “I’ve two younger sisters. I know how it goes.”
He leaned toward her, and Rae wedged herself against the door, terrified he might try to kiss her. She reached for the door handle, about ready to make her escape. Andy’s eyes traveled down her arm. In one motion, he was out of the car and racing to the passenger side. He opened her door and helped her out. As he led her to Aumbry House, he said, “Remember to save me a dance, princess. You promised.”
Rae watched him saunter over to Joist House, whistling as he walked. He turned and yelled, “Now you’ve had lunch with a werewolf at the American Cheeseburger in London! Not a lot of people can say that.”
Rae grinned, despite herself. She could still hear his laughter as she dashed up the stairs. Grabbing her toiletries, she rushed to the showers, avoiding telling Molly about her lunch date. Crap, that’s what it was. A date. She had only meant to go as friends, but obviously Andy’s intentions were completely different. He seemed like the brother she had always wanted. Obviously he considered her…ew! I can’t even finish the thought! It can’t possibly be a worse mess. Then the dean had to be there. With her luck, he’d probably taken notes and planned on sending a letter to Andy’s parents and mentioning the entire thing at the Alumni Dinner at Christmas. She scrubbed her scalp harder, trying to clear her thoughts. She wanted to have fun tonight and, no matter what, she was determined to do so.
While putting the butterfly clips in Rae’s hair, Molly grilled her on lunch. Not getting any answers, Molly finally fell silent and focused on Rae’s hair. Rae felt a twinge of discomfort not talking to her roomy, but the whole thing had been uncomfortable for her and she really didn’t want Molly to go blabbing to everyone about it, possibly hurting Andy’s feelings. The one thing Rae was absolutely certain of when it came to her roommate was that she couldn’t keep a secret if her life depended on it. Better not even ask her to try. I’m already a freak. I don’t want to be the freak who broke Andy’s heart. What would Devon think then? That brought Rae out of her thoughts with a start. She mentally lectured herself not to think about Devon since he had a girlfriend, whom he’d be dancing with tonight. And I’m going to have fun, too.
The tray of clips empty, Molly offered to put on Rae’s makeup. Thirty minutes later, she rolled Rae’s chair in front of the mirror. Rae suddenly felt nervous and stared down at her hands.
“Quit avoiding. Your hair’s fantastic. And the makeup isn’t over done, I promise. You’re really going to turn some heads! Who knew?”
Fluttering in her stomach, Rae peeked. Her eyes widened in surprise. Molly had put clips around each tendril of curl. Every direction Rae turned, sparkles shown through her curls and bounced of the blond and dark parts. It looked like movie-star hair. She swore she could hear the other girls down the hall laughing. She glanced at Molly and grinned sheepishly.
“Don’t be so shocked. It’s about time we got to see what you really look like. You’ve been so busy trying to keep up with classes and learning about tatùs, you never bother to put any effort into your physical appearance. I don’t think I’ve ever seen you put more than mascara lip gloss on, or had your hair out of a bun or ponytail.”
Rae could only smile.
“We’ll show the boys of Guilder there are girls here worth a second glance!” Molly put her hands on her hips. “And we’ll let everyone here know you’re not just a stupid name.”
Rae wanted to hug Molly. That was the nicest thing anyone had ever said to her. I have the best roomie in the world.


Chapter 12
The Dance

Heading off to the dance half an hour late, Rae noticed the empty Roe Hampton bus in the parking lot. Rae, Molly, Haley, Maria and the twins all headed up the path to the Oratory. They all jumped simultaneously when a deep voice spoke front a bench in the shadows.
“Good evening, ladies. You’re all splendidly charming.” Dean Carter stepped from the shadows. “Might I have a quick word with Ms. Kerrigan?”
Pounding echoed in Rae’s ears. She reminded herself that she planned to have fun tonight, no matter what. Creepy old goat. “Go on in. I’ll meet you inside.” Rae turned her attention to the dean, abruptly feeling less confident than her voice had sounded. She tried to ignore Haley’s snicker.
The dean waited until the others went in. “I wanted to take a moment to ask how things are going.” He didn’t wait for Rae’s reply. “I also wanted to mention you’ll be sleeping in the Infirmary on the fourteenth of November.” He frowned. “So we ca--may see you on the morning of the fifteenth. This is one of the conditions we set with your uncle on your being allowed into our school. That’s all. Have a pleasant evening.” He stood and walked away, leaving Rae frozen in her spot.
What? That had been totally abrupt. Why’d he have to tell her right now? The guy was off his rocker. She slowly made her way inside, shaking her head, thankful again no one knew her birthday was actually the thirteenth. It would give her a couple of days to prepare for the English Inquisition she’d have on the fifteenth.
The dance seemed to be in full swing as Rae entered through the double doors. She felt like she’d stepped back in time. The Oratory had been transformed into a ballroom during King Henry’s time. The stage on the far side resembled a castle. There were long tables with flowing linen cloth covering them and old wooden benches where students sat talking and eating grapes and other fruits. Fire-lit torches lined the walls, casting wonderful dancing shadows over the wood carvings. Between the feeling the Oratory emitted and the decorations, Rae couldn’t tell if it was the fifteen hundreds or the twenty-first century.
She spotted Molly with the girls on the other side of the hall. She sensed everyone’s eyes catch and stare as she walked across the marble floor.
What’s wrong? Crap, did my hair mess up when we walked from the dormitory? Is my dress split? She glanced down at her shoes, gave her dress a tug, and then gently patted her hair. Nothing has fallen out of place, and I don’t see any obvious problems. Did Dean Carter do some voodoo thing to me?
She’d become accustomed to the stares, but this gawking felt ten times worse – like she’d turned into some exotic fish inside a tank instead of just the freak with a bad family history. Suddenly walking became her single focus; too afraid she’d trip in her heels and end up on her face in front of everyone.
Andy stepped in her path and came to her rescue. “Stunning.” He let out a low whistle.
Nicholas came up behind him, smiling excitedly. “Rae! My lab partner, how are you this evening?” He let out a whoah-hoah.
Rae stood rooted. Thankful for the low lights, she was glad no one could see her face. “I’m good. Thanks.” Glancing behind the boys, she pretended to see Molly waving at her. “Oh, Molls needs me.” It was tempting to break into a run, but still terrified she’d trip in her heels, she forced herself to walk. Simply focusing on breathing in and out seemed about all she could handle at the moment. This attention felt so foreign.
“Everyone’s staring at you.” She could hear Maria’s soft voice inside her head. She sounded sweet and sincere. “It’s totally different than when you first arrived. It’s like they’re seeing you for the first time. You know, not the name Kerrigan, but the girl, Rae.” Maria giggled. “You should see the faces of the girls from Roe Hampton. Totally jealous! Molly’s mission is accomplished – you know she’ll never shut up about it now!”
Rae glanced up toward Maria and started laughing. Maria’s last sentence was totally true and exactly what she needed to hear to drum her out of her nerves.
“Rae,” whispered Molly when she reached them. “If you could feel the electricity in the air like I can, man-oh-man. It’s priceless. All that time I spent on your hair…totally worth it.”
“I think I’d feel like a princess tonight, if I wasn’t so nervous. These heels you made me wear are killer high.” Rae giggled. The heels were only about an inch, but having never worn anything but sandals or tennis shoes her whole life, she was not good at teetering on heels of any height. “I have a feeling the Roe Hampton girls aren’t too happy with the fact they have to share the boys now. Come on, let’s go get some punch.
A live band began setting up on the makeshift stage. Rae felt a flutter of excitement when she noticed Devon. He stood on stage chatting with some of the band members.
A pretty, blonde-haired, girl walked up on stage and put her hand in Devon’s. Rae tried to squelch the jealousy that rose in her chest. She squinted to get a better look at the girl she assumed was Beth. She had gorgeous, naturally blonde hair, with those natural highlights that made it look like it almost sparkled in the lights, and it sat poker straight across her shoulders. The kind of hair celebrities had in magazines that you never believed actually existed. Could hair really by that shiny?
Her eyes traveled down Beth’s body. She had olive-colored skin that probably stayed tanned all winter long. Miss Perfect Body wore a strapless, designer dress. If Rae ever tried to wear something similar, it would fall down as she had nothing on top to hold it up. Beth, on the other hand, had plenty to keep the dress, and seemingly Devon, in place.
Rae sighed in defeat. She couldn’t compete with someone like that. How could she?
Andy appeared at her side, offering a glass of punch. “I have to tell you again how great you look. It’s, uh…you’re pretty hot.” He nodded toward her dress.
“Molly picked it out.” She purposely turned her back on the stage and Devon. She reminded herself that he wasn’t the only guy in the room and even though Andy was more big brother than big romance to her, it felt nice to be noticed.
“There’s a new James Bond movie coming out next week. D’you want to go see it?”
“That’d be fun. We could see if Molly and Nicholas want to come with us as well.” She pointed to the punch table. “They seem to be having a laugh at the moment.”
A look of frustration crossed Andy’s face. Then he smiled, like he’d just thought of something. “Except, I’m the only one of us who has a car and it’s pretty tiny.”
“Maybe we should ask Julian or Riley to come along then, too.”
“Where we going?” Riley sauntered by. He stopped directly in front of Rae, blatantly checking her out. “Wow, Kerrigan, you clean up nice. I heard some of the Roe Hampton girls bitchin’ but didn’t realize they were referring to you. It seems like we might have a bit of a competition heatin’ up here.” He elbowed Andy. “If we’re really lucky, a good catfight!”
“I’d prefer a mud fight,” Andy said. The two guys roared with laughter.
“Sooo funny.” Rae rolled her eyes. “Andy wondered if you wanted to go to a movie this weekend. We need another car.”
“Movie? As long as Andy’s not asking me out.” He smirked at the scowl on Andy’s face. “Then sure. I can drive as long as you promise to ride shotgun in my car.” Riley grabbed her hand and gave it a gently gentle squeeze but didn’t let it go. “Come on. Let’s get this party started.”
Before she could reply, Riley pulled her to the dance floor and began twirling her around to an upbeat tune the band played. Others joined them on the floor as the music continued. Molly wiggled in beside her and wouldn’t let her leave.
When a quiet song finally slowed things down, Rae expertly dodged the reaching hands of several boys and made her way toward the punch bowl. Pouring herself a glass, she stepped back toward the shadows near the wall. She planned on staying there until her breathing slowed. She leaned against the cool wood and looked around the dance floor. Devon and Beth moved in sync near the stage. Determined to make every effort to ignore them, she physically turned her attention to whoever had just come up beside her. It was Riley. Crud.
“Are you going to hide here all night when the slow numbers come on? You do realize ninety percent of Guilder is planning on asking you to dance.”
“I’m not hiding. I just needed a little breather.” Rae took another sip of her punch and realized she’d already finished her cup. She sneaked one more glance toward Devon and Beth.
“It’s none of my business, but they seem very happy together.”
“Pardon? Not really sure who you’re talking about.” Rae kept her eyes roaming around the dance floor, pretending to look through the crowd. Her heart seemed to have jumped into her throat. She tried to swallow it back down.
“Devon and Beth. They belong together. Plus, they’ve been dating for, like, ever.” Riley pushed his sleeves up, his tatù reflecting from the glittery lights. “You know, of course, Devon’s father approves of Beth. She isn’t in our circle.” Riley took Rae’s hand and pulled her toward the dance floor again. His cheetah tatù seemed like it was moving from the swaying reflection of the torch flames. “Some people frown upon inked people being together. Heck, almost everyone at the school follows the unwritten rule. There are a few of us who disagree…Why shouldn’t inked people like us stick together and make stronger talents? How can that be wrong? Shoot, royalty does it all the time.”
Rae stared at Riley in disbelief. She’d been thinking it in the back of her mind but wouldn’t admit it, even to herself. It had always felt wrong somehow. But now…What was so bad about being with someone you liked? If Devon was so determined to follow the rules and please everyone around him, then let him. Her parents had married, bore her and she felt completely fine. When she received her tatù, she’d show everyone how good and strong she could be. A new-found sense of confidence started to grow inside her.
She tucked a hair behind her ear, enjoying the soft feel of hair curling against her skin. “You’ve got a good point. What harm would it there be to in going out with someone from Guilder? Dating doesn’t mean you’re getting married. Guilder’s thinking’s as old as their buildings sometimes.”
“Exactly!” Riley spun her away and back to him, dipping her. “So, when’re you and I gonna go out?”
Rae froze in his arms, relieved when he pulled her back up to a standing position. She hadn’t been expecting that. She figured Riley’d been talking about Devon’s lack of courage to go against the grain, not angling the conversation around to hooking up with her himself. She’d gotten the impression he didn’t really like her. Surprise, surprise. But she didn’t feel the same. I have to be careful how I handle this though. Going out for lunch would be less embarrassing than telling Riley the truth, and possibly better than turning him down. “M-Maybe next weekend or something.”
“Perfect! Let’s plan on Saturday afternoon.”
She blinked. “O-Okay.”
When the song ended, Rae dashed off to grab another glass of punch, terrified Riley’d follow. She glanced back, relieved to see him dancing with a pretty blonde from Roe Hampton. She took a deep breath and considered the first part of the conversation she’d had with Riley. Rae suddenly realized that he had neatly backed her into a corner, leaving her no alternative but to say yes to his invitation. Sly move, Cheetah boy. She made a mental note to be better prepared the next time she talked to him.
“Excuse me, do you mind?” A silky soft voice interrupted her thoughts.
Realizing she still held the punch ladle, she turned to apologize. The act of contrition stuck in her throat. The airy voice that had asked her to move was none other than Beth’s, Devon’s Beth.
“Sorry.” Rae handed her the ladle, almost dropping it before quickly moving to the other side of the punch bowl. “Beth, right?”
“How do you know my name?” Beth’s eyes narrowed.
“I, um…” Rae paused, her heart hammering. “I noticed you on stage with Devon and just assumed. Everyone knows he has a girlfriend at Roe Hampton.”
“An’ who are you?” Beth didn’t seem as sweet as Devon had said. In fact her attitude screamed Queen Bee. Rae knew all about that type. They were always the ones who tried to make her life hell back home, if they didn’t ignore her. But things were different now. She wasn’t invisible anymore and suddenly, that didn’t seem like such a bad thing.
“I’m Rae, Rae Kerrigan.”
“Ohhhh…” Beth smirked. “You’re the kid who needs tutoring. Devon told me about you. Don’t you think it’s strange you made it into a school like Guilder, and you need help with your classes? Your father must be loaded or have some excellent connections to get you in.” She crossed her arms. “Maybe your mom slept with the dean?”
Rae blinked in surprise. Then Beth’s last comment about her mother sunk in. It made her livid. Wishing she had a tatù to shrink Beth into a bug she could squash with her shoe, she stiffened. “I got in on my own merit, thank you. My dad’s dead and my mother passed away as well. No loads of cash or connections. Guilder actually sought me out. I live in New York.”
Beth had the decency to appear slightly embarrassed, but only for a moment. She glared at Rae before storming past her.
“It was nice meeting you,” Rae said cheerfully, wiggling her fingers at Beth’s back. A small driftwood of guilt floated by. She’d been brought up better, but the satisfaction the look on Beth’s face had brought made it worth it.
A warm breath against her neck sent shudders down her spine. She jumped.
“Were you teasing Beth?” Devon whispered.
“Crap! You scared me.” She slapped him lightly on the shoulder. “No sneaking up on people tonight. It’s against the rules.”
“Rules? I didn’t know there were rules. Any more I should know about?” He laughed.
Rae rolled her eyes at him. “For the record, I didn’t bug Beth. She asked me if my parents had money. I told her my parents had passed.” She shrugged. “I guess she felt embarrassed for mentioning it.”
Devon’s dimple appeared. “After seeing you walk in tonight, I guess Beth’s got some issues with me tutoring you.” He grinned. After pausing a moment, he pointed to her head and quietly added, “I like it. It’s different than your usual ponytail.”
Rae touched her hair, twirling a lock around her fingers.
Devon coughed. “Well, I should probably get back over to Beth, or I won’t hear the end of it.” He sighed, his eyes traveling back and forth from Beth to Rae. His gaze lingered on her.
“Are you banned from talking to other girls tonight, or is it just girls from Guilder?” She tried putting on her most innocent face. Seems I’m not the only one with rules.
“Originally, it was just the Guilder girls, and then you walked into the Oratory looking all beautiful. When Beth found out you’re the girl I tutor, I was mainly banned from talking to you.” Devon grinned mischievously. “Personally, it’s worth the risk. However, I’d better head over before she has a coronary.”
Rae didn’t want him to walk away but didn’t know what to say to make him stay. She clenched her hands, feeling her nails dig into her palms. Beautiful…he thinks I’m beautiful…Rae was full of competing emotions.
Devon took a few steps toward Beth. A slower country song started playing and he paused. “Ahh, screw it.” He turned around, his dimple appearing on his cheek.
“Pardon?” Rae raised her eyebrows at him, wondering what he meant.
He reached for her hand and pulled her to the dance floor. “If she can’t understand I’m only trying to help a friend fit in, then she can brew.”
Like a witch. Rae’s heart stuttered faster than her feet as she stumbled to keep up with him. She suddenly felt lightheaded, his warm, rough-skinned hand against hers her the only anchor she knew. She wondered if he worked out. It felt like even the tendons in his hand were super strong. If Beth stood scowling at her, Rae had no idea. She couldn’t focus on anything past Devon’s back, then his face when he turned around. He released her hand and slipped his arms around her waist, pulling her tight.
His body felt firm and muscular as she tentatively brought her hands around his neck. They fit together in all the right places. Perfect. Not too tall and her forearms rested comfortably along his chest and shoulders. She felt his upper body shake and brought her eyes up to meet his. She was shaking deep inside, as well.
Then she saw the crinkle by his eyes and realized he was laughing. Not mocking, but a guy’s way of giggling. “Wha—”
“The song.”
She cocked an ear and tried to make out what the band was playing. When the chorus started, she recognized it and smiled, whispering the words to the song. “…Things will change…People will see…The walls…la la na de da…will fall.”
“Don’t know the words? Just seems to be your song. Things changing, you knocking down some walls, you against the world.”
“Hey, you’re the one who taught me about my past. This is your fault.” She squeezed his neck lightly, loving the feel of his soft hair against her fingers.
He pulled her tight against his hips, trapping her arms against his lean chest. His eyes grew wide, but he didn’t release her. Neither said another word and too soon, the song finished.
Devon’s hands slid across her back as the last chord rang out. She took a small step back, only to bump into someone very warm and tall.
“Hey,” Andy said. “I planned to ask you to dance. You didn’t have to jump right into my arms.” He winked at Devon as he spun Rae around in a circle. “Your girlfriend seems pretty pissed.”
It seemed like it took a conscious effort for Devon to pull his eyes away from Rae’s. “Who…What? Oh shoot, Beth. I gotta go.” He slipped away before Rae had a chance to say anything.
“So,” Andy said as an upbeat slow song came from the band on the stage. “You’ve had your American cheeseburger, what about the British werewolf?”
Rae stared at him blankly. Her thoughts were still on Devon, wondering what he was doing behind her.
“The movie. You know, American Werewolf in London. It’s from, like, eons ago. Probably the seventies.” Andy’s large, sweaty, hot hands pressed against her mid back as he stepped on her toe. She couldn’t help but compare his clumsy presence to Devon’s effortless performance.
“Oh yeah. I watched that with my uncle years ago.” Rae began concentrating on keeping her tender toes from turning into mashed potatoes. She didn’t get Andy’s joke or what he hinted at.
“My bad. I’m a bit into all the werewolf movies at the moment.” Andy swung her around and Rae banged into a couple dancing beside them, earning a pair of dirty looks.
Thankfully, the song ended in time to save her toes and eardrums from Andy. He was really nice, but she just wasn’t interested. I thought he’d never stop talking!
The rest of the evening sped by. As Molly and Rae waited for Maria and Haley to come outside, they watched the Roe Hampton girls step into their bus. Unable to turn away, Rae watched Devon walk a now happy Beth to her bus, then kiss her in front of everyone. The taste of jealousy lingered in Rae’s mouth and no amount of swallowing helped.



Chapter 13
Mail

October drifted, like the leaves, into November. Her magical dance with Devon and the subsequent disappointment of seeing him kiss Beth didn’t fade so much as it became lower on her list of important things. Midterm exams kept everyone busy. Rae excelled in all her classes, pleased to send a good midterm report back home.
The week of her birthday she received a thick letter in the mail from her uncle. She dashed up the marble stairs, hoping Molly wouldn’t be in their room. Instinct told her she needed to be alone when she read it.
Rae opened the door and stopped dead in her tracks. Molly sat at her desk working on her laptop. Rae glanced around the room for an escape. She spotted her wool sweater on the back of her chair. She ran in, grabbed the sweater and turned back for the door.
“Hey, you just got in. Where’re you going now?” Molly didn’t bother to look up from her computer.
“Hi.” Rae quickly hid the letter under her sweater. Not that it mattered, Molly paid her no attention. “I’m just going to head out for a walk before dinner. For once, it’s not raining.”
“Cool. I’m still trying to fix my computer.” She hit the top of her desk with a vengeance. “I buggered it up the other day when I tried to use my tatù in the room. Stupid electricity!”
“Good luck.” Rae pulled the door shut behind her.
She trotted down the stairs and outside into the brisk air. She thought about the past week as she headed down the concrete steps. Dean Carter had come to talk to her over the weekend to remind her again he expected her to sleep in the Infirmary the night of her birthday. He said the school felt it would be in her best interest if she was there when she woke up with her tatù – a better way to help explain her ink and learn to control it. She couldn’t be sure if the dean felt it was for her benefit or for the school’s. She didn’t argue, only because it hadn’t really been a choice or a question and it didn’t really matter in the end. So, whether she liked it or not, Rae would be spending the night of the fourteenth of November at the stupid Infirmary.
She’d kept silent about the mix-up on her birth certificate. It’s the one thing I can do on my own. I’ve every right to experience this the way I want, like everyone else.
Striding past the buildings, she decided to take the path that led through the forest. She’d been on it a number of times in the past month, on walks with Andy, Riley and Nicholas. She felt like a broken record, always maintaining she just wanted to be friends with each of them. Each said they understood but continued to vie for her attention. Even reminding them of the unwritten code didn’t seem to deter them. It soon got tiring trying not to hurt anyone’s feelings.
As she headed toward the forest, she contemplated telling Devon the truth about her birthday. After all, it would be nice to have one person she could completely confide in. Checking her watch, she stumbled, realizing her birthday fell on Friday – the thirteenth. No way would she tell Devon. Plus if he got caught knowing, Dean Carter would probably have his head on a platter and she didn’t want to leave him in that situation.
Rae entered into the quiet forest, continuing on the path until she came to the first park bench and plopped down. The cool wind turned into a light breeze inside the forest. The temperature actually felt a few degrees warmer. Relieved no one was around, she pulled out Uncle Argyle’s letter.
Inside the large envelope were two cards. One a faded pink with creased corners and rather thick, and the other had Uncle Argyle’s quirky handwriting with a note for her to open first. She tore the backing, pulling the card out. A single sheet of paper lay inside, again in the quirky writing.

Dear Rae,
I thought to write or phone you many times. I simply did not have the courage to answer your questions. I’m sorry for that. I promised your mother a long time ago I wouldn’t tell you about your ink until the right time. It never seemed to be the right time. When Guilder offered me the chance to have them explain, I believed that was in your best interest. The school knows how to tell you, and the students are whom you’d need to be around. I’m sure you’ve learned about your mother and me. Please do not think ill of me. I never once felt jealous of your mom, and I tried to help her as much as I could. Your mother was very special, and it broke me when she fell in love with your father. I was frustrated with her and kept telling her she’d be making the biggest mistake of her life. I should have done more but, as always, I lacked the courage. When you were born, you became her lesson of love. You were worth everything she had sacrificed and endured.
I hope you’re able to remember her and recall how much she loved you. Your father had other plans and grew furious when she refused to give him another child – the son he so desired. She knew something was going to come to pass. She sent me a letter to ask me to take care of you should anything happen. She also sent an envelope I should give you on your sixteenth birthday. I’ve enclosed it with this letter.
Your aunt and I wish you a wonderful birthday. Aunt Linda knows nothing about the ink-stamp, as I have never told her.
I fear for you and what your ink might be. You are a smart girl and I see so much of your mother in you. However, I repeat the words I told you before you left:
You can’t undo the past. The sins of the father are the sins of the son. I wish you all the best as you figure out your talents and find out who you are.
Sincerely,
Your uncle Argyle

Rae sat staring at the letter for a long time. It took all her courage to turn to the decade-old envelope beside her. Inside were the last words her mother had wanted to tell her, the last piece of advice she would ever give Rae. Tears welled up in her eyes for the mother she’d lost. It felt like she was losing her mom all over again. However, this time she knew what she’d be missing and how much it hurt.
Wishing desperately her mother could be here with her now, she tried to swallow the lump in her throat. Her uncle’s letter brought little comfort. No surprise, it’s typical of him.
What if she turned into something bad, something evil? Maybe it would be better if she weren’t on her own. What if I hurt Molly? Even by mistake it could be serious.
She understood from her lessons the ink’s powers would grow with her. It would be weak when it was born and would take time to strengthen within her. So she had assumed all this time that she wouldn’t be a danger to anybody. What if she were wrong?
Rae shook her head, confused and unsure what to think or do. She debated about waiting to open her mother’s card until Friday. She stood and paced around the bench. Blowing her bangs away from her forehead, she swore. Walking in circles didn’t help.
Angry at herself for being so indecisive, she plunked down onto the bench. She ripped open the envelope, pulling the card out quickly, making it impossible to change her mind.
The cover of the card froze Rae in her tracks. It was very pretty, something a young child would like – something she had loved as a kid. Instantly the tears fell and no amount of blinking could stop them. Loads of sparkles in different shades of pink covered the card, with a beautiful princess in the middle.
When she was five and six she loved to color and do crafts with sparkles, glitter glue and markers. She always used pinks. Her mom would hang everything up in the conservatory. The memory brought on a fresh flood of tears. After the fire she never used the color pink and seldom did crafts or coloring, unless she had to at school. She swallowed, wiping her eyes and exhaling a long breath. With shaking hands, she reverently opened the card. Inside sat a letter in her mother’s neat cursive. She remembered that writing. When she was little, she had thought it the most beautiful writing in the world. Taking another deep breath, Rae slowly read the page, trying to absorb everything straight into her heart, to a secret place where she could keep it all safe forever.

My Dearest Rae,
Happy 16th Birthday, love!
It seems surreal I’m writing this letter to you now, as you sit here beside me drawing a picture, and only six years old. I don’t want to write this, but when something happens, I want to be able to explain to my daughter the choices I’ve made in my life. I also want you to know I am very proud of you.
I’m sorry I’m not there to be with you when you receive your ink. I’ve wondered so often what your gift will be. You’re such a beautiful, talented little girl right now. I’m assured you will have that same inner beauty and talent go into your ink. I pray you will have the splendor and goodness from my gift and the capability of your father’s.
I have asked Argyle to tell you nothing, unless he has to, or until you are close to sixteen. I’m sorry I never told you about the tatù, but your unknowing will have saved your life more times than you will ever understand.
You will, by now, know what kind of man your father was. I’m sorry I didn’t see his true self at first, and sorry again that I couldn’t change him. I loved him once, despite his faults. That love gave me you and for that, I have no regrets. I may not have been able to help him, but I am able to save you.
FLAMES TO DUST. That is what my father taught me of my ink. That was my destiny – my destiny, Rae, so that you will live. Others will see this differently, but never lose sight of the bare truth – you would live and become what you are meant to be – that is YOUR destiny. One day, I hope Argyle will tell you about your grandfather.
Always stand tall and walk proud, Rae. You have such wonderful promise and I know, difficult as it may be, you’ll find your way. Your father’s demons will try to tempt you, but don’t listen. You’re going to be more powerful than your father ever was and that is why he fears you. The wrong temptations will challenge you, but every time you don’t give in to them, you’ll strengthen your gift. You have a tough road ahead of you, but I know you’ll create your own path and make your own stamps in life. Don’t ever lose sight of that, and know that you are special.
Through you, I will always shine. My tatù is a sun and that is why I named you Rae. You are my Rae of Sun, my Rae of Hope.
I love you more than life itself,
Yours truly,
Forever,
Mother XOXOXO

Rae read the letter again and again. Her throat felt so painful and tight, she could barely breathe. No amount of swallowing made the throbbing lump disappear. She could hear her mother saying the words as if she were right beside her, whispering in her ear.
When she tried reading it again, she tenderly put the letter away, fearing her salty tears might ruin the ink on the sacred paper. Her mother had sacrificed everything. She’d planned everything to make sure Rae reached her sixteenth birthday.
Rae slipped the letters inside her coat and slid off the bench to walk.
You can’t undo the past, Rae. Her uncle’s words jeered at her as she plodded further down the path. She wished her uncle was standing right in front of her so she could scream at him. She’d curse just about anyone right now.
Glaring up to the encroaching darkness, Rae checked her watch and realized dinnertime had already started. She felt like skipping the evening meal, heading back to her room and locking the door to have a good cry. The idea of trying to hold a conversation with anyone filled her with dread.
Swearing, she turned around to head back to the dorms. With her birthday only days away, now was definitely not the time to show the professors anything might be amiss. The last thing she needed was more of them breathing down her neck, constantly monitoring her every move. She pounded the ground with each step, getting angrier and more frustrated by the moment.
Exiting the forest, she made a conscience effort to take some deep breaths. She focused on putting that anger deep inside, to use at another time. She needed to act like everything was perfectly fine by the time she got to the Refectory. Counting to five with each inhalation and exhalation, she willed herself to relax. She ran her fingers under her eyes and checked to make sure no mascara had run down or smudged.
By the time she reached the Refectory, she appeared physically calm. She nipped inside, quickly hanging her coat up before checking the seating chart. Relieved to be sitting at Andy and Devon’s table tonight, it would save trying to make conversation with Molly or trying to avoid Maria’s worried gaze.
She tried to walk inconspicuously into the hall but could feel eyes of the professors and students turn toward her. She smiled at Headmaster Lanford, determined to hide her true emotions. He nodded back, and then returned to his meal. Rae slid into the empty seat between Andy and Devon and reached for a bun. She put all her concentration into lathering it with butter.
“You’re a bit late tonight,” Andy commented.
“I went for a walk and lost track of time.” She could feel Andy stiffen as he glanced up toward the door. She followed his gaze and watched Riley enter the dining hall.
“Did you walk alone?”
“Andy! Give her a break. It’s none of your business.” Devon leaned behind Rae, punching Andy in the shoulder. Andy gave him a dirty look but grinned sheepishly at Rae.
“Sorry,” he said.
“No biggie.” Rae shrugged. “I got a letter from my uncle.” “Everything okay?”
Rae grimaced at the concern in Devon’s voice.
“Yeah,” she lied. “He sent a card to wish me a happy birthday and hoped everything’ll go all right on the day.”
“It’ll be the best day of your life.” Andy hugged her shoulders, seeming reluctant to remove his arm to eat. Rae sighed, wishing he meant it as a comforting gesture, but knowing that it was a possessive move meant more for everyone who was looking than for her. She felt like a pawn in this little game the boys played with her. But as of yet she couldn’t find a way out of it that didn’t include breaking their hearts and making her position at Guilder worse than it was.
Toward the end of dinner, Devon asked if she still wanted to get together for a tutoring session. He seemed preoccupied, so she offered him an out, saying they could resume again on Thursday. She certainly wasn’t in any state to be alone with him anyway.
Devon got up to leave as soon as the meal concluded. Rae wasn’t far behind. She slipped her coat back on, instantly feeling for the letters inside her right pocket. She panicked when she couldn’t find them. Grappling into her other coat pocket, she sighed with relief when she felt the soft paper material.
She scratched her head as she walked outside, sure she’d stuffed them into her right pocket, not the left. A large gust of wind shook her thoughts. Pulling her coat tightly around her to avoid the cool wind, she rushed to get inside the warmth of her dormitory.
It felt like forever before her wristwatch finally read nine and she could fake a yawn and big stretch as a show to Molly. “I’m exhausted. It feels like it’s been a really long day.” Which did hold some truth to it. “Molls, do you mind if we cut the lights out early?”
Molly sat at her desk, with two textbooks open and a spiral pad full of writing. “Really? I’ve got a report due tomorrow and I just started.”
Rae’s spirits dropped. She didn’t have the brain power tonight to try and argue.
Molly must have seen the look on Rae’s face. She dog eared the textbooks and began tossing stuff into her backpack. “I can go down to the library and finish this. I’ll use the computers there since mine’s still broke.” She moved to the door. “‘Night.”
Rae made a trip to the bathroom to brush her teeth and shower, all the while thinking of her mother, her sorrow, her situation and her roommate, who was turning out to be entirely more considerate than she had ever imagined. Guilt mixed with her pain, swirled her emotions into turmoil. She crawled into bed and, thankfully, drifted into oblivion before her tears flooded her pillow.
The next few days passed at a snail’s pace. The boys, as she had persisted in thinking of them, were miraculously leaving her alone, for once. She spent some quality time with Molly, making her guilt over hiding things from her roomy lessen just a bit. Even the depression over her mother’s letter began to disappear as her birthday drew closer. Happy when Thursday evening finally rolled around, Rae began to get excited to meet up with Devon. It would make the night pass quicker. Then she could head off to bed to wake up for her “secret” birthday. Opening the library door, she noticed him already waiting in their usual spot.
“Hey, how you doin’?” she whispered when she got to the table.
“I’m all right. How ‘bout you?” He grinned. “Only a few more sleeps ‘til your birthday. Anxious?”
“Anxious isn’t the word.” Rae rolled her eyes as she plopped into her seat across from him. “I’ve no idea how anybody survives this. I’ve only known about this since September. You guys’ve known basically all your lives. How is it none of you ended up in the loony bin?”
Devon threw his head back and laughed. Madame Elpis peeked in the door from the foyer outside Aumbry’s library to shoot them a dower look and shushed them, which only made Devon’s shoulders shake harder.
He finally calmed down enough to answer her. “Your comment had me picturing a large group of tatùed people in some psych ward. Could you imagine what the other patients would say?” He grinned. “They’d be telling tales of wolves and bears, or seeing people walk through walls. The psych doctors would keep them under lock and key.” He started chuckling again. “Then Madame Elpis shushed me. Could you imagine her in a psych ward?”
Rae had to hold her belly to try to keep from laughing aloud. It felt awesome since she hadn’t done it in a while. Once the moment was over, they sat quiet, smiling at each other. She gathered her courage to ask Devon something that had been bothering her since she’d read her mother’s letter.
“Devon? What d’you know about the fire?”
He looked at Rae, surprised at her sudden seriousness. He stared down at his fingers, drawing imaginary circles on the desk. After a few moments, he slowly lifted his head.
“The house fire killed your parents, and really should’ve taken you as well, but it didn’t. There’s no record of what actually happened – just that you were saved and the two other people inside the house died. Somehow you managed to escape. I’d guess it probably had something to do with your mom.” Devon shrugged his shoulders.
“I think so, too. In fact, I’m positive my mom had something to do with the fire.”
Devon’s face registered shock.
Rae gushed on, before losing her courage. “My mom made me go outside before it happened. She told me to go play in the tree house and she’d come get me. She sent me outside.
“Maybe you’re right. I only know fleeting stories and bits of adult conversation from the week it happened. I’ve read the newspaper articles but that was a long time ago. Why the sudden interest? Is it because your birthday’s around the corner?”
She debated making something up but decided the truth would be much easier than lying.
“I got a letter from my uncle and inside was a letter my mom wrote ten years ago. She asked my uncle to give it to me on my sixteenth birthday.”
“Oh…Umm…Do you want to tell me about it?” Rae watched him run his hands along the table, his knuckles pure white. He seemed more nervous than she felt. How odd, and sweet.
“Yes…No…I don’t know. There’s nothing secretive inside, or some hidden message.” She shrugged, not sure what to say. “It’s just weird she’d know to write a letter…like she knew something might happen.” Rae stared at her hands. “It just makes sense – her ink was a sun, and the sun’s made of fire…” The conclusion seemed so obvious now. But she just couldn’t finish the sentence.
Devon paused, biting his lower lip. “It’s possible. Everyone assumes your father started it and your mother was the casualty. Is it really important to you now?” He stared intently into Rae’s eyes. “What’s bothering you, if the letter isn’t so bad?”
Rae sighed and picked imaginary bits out of her clean nails. It seemed he knew how to read her without even trying. Glancing up, she quietly said, “I want to know my father’s gift. Or curse, if you want to look at it that way.”
“You’ve seen a picture of his ink, the male version of a witch – like a warlock or sorcerer. He was unique.” Devon ran his fingers through his hair. “Has no one explained this to you?”
Seeing her shake her head, he continued, “He could mimic other people’s gifts.”
“Mimic?” Rae’s eyebrows shot up.
“He had the ability to copy the ink of other people, do what they could do. You know, use their tatù.” Devon stared intently at her, as if waiting for her reaction to the news.
“You mean he could copy your ink or if he wanted to, he could turn around and copy Andy’s?”
“He had to come in contact with a tatùed person in order to imitate their gift.”
“So he could do anything then?”
“Kind of. He could copy their ink, but if he touched someone else, he’d then take over the power of that tatù. He wasn’t able to retain a gift to use again. Great power, but it still had its limits.” Devon’s eyes met her gaze and didn’t waver. “Does that make sense? Maybe Headmaster Lanford can explain it better.”
“I get what you’re saying.” Holy crap. I DO get it. “If my father wanted more power or to use his ink to his advantage, he’d need a lot of people around him so he could use their tatùs.” Rae’s mind swirled as memories pushed forward. “I remember he never seemed to be on his own. He told me the people with him were his bodyguards.”
Devon shrugged and stared at his hands. “I only know what I learned here, so I don’t know much about him. My father was assigned to watch him once so he knows a lot more than me. Sorry I’m not much help.”
“Dev, you’re a huge help! You’ve been a great friend and I’m lucky to have you mentoring me. You have no idea how much you’ve taught me already.” Gushing on as she was, Rae almost let it slip that her birthday was tomorrow. She bit her tongue just as Madame Elpis opened the library door and in a voice worthy of a drill sergeant, suggested it was time for them to finish for the evening.
Without saying a word, Devon and Rae gathered their books and walked toward the library doors, trying to hide their amused smiles. She paused halfway there and turned to him once more.
“Hey, is everything all right with you? You haven’t seemed yourself the past few days. We spend so much time talking about my past and ink-history I sometimes don’t even ask how you’re doing.” She put her hand on his arm as she spoke. Her palm tingled where their skin met, and she felt the energy of it running all the way up her arm.
He gave her his signature dimpled smile. “I’m all right. There’s some stuff I’m dealing with, but everything’s going to be fine. Just concentrate on yourself for the next few days and hurry up and get that tatù so we can start seeing the crazy things you get to do.” He patted her shoulder. “I’m not sure anymore who’s more curious to find out, you or me!”
“You’ll be one of the first to know, aside from Dean, who has me staying in the Infirmary the night before. After I’m tested and prodded like some lab rat, I’ll let you know.”
“It won’t be that bad. The school wants to help you.”
“Yeah, so I can ask any questions I might have. Right. It’s only so they can monitor my ink. I think they’re worried I’m going to morph into my father the minute I’m inked.” Rae smiled half-heartedly, trying to make a feeble joke of the situation.
“Guilder tends to know what’s best for us, so it must be a good idea, then. Not the turning into your father part but helping you out with your ink.”
“Probably.” It irked her the way he always agreed with, and followed, what Guilder thought was right.
“Madame Elpis is about to open the door again. Let’s get outta here.”
“G’night, Devon.”
He paused. “Good night, Rae.”
It would be a good night, life-changing in her opinion. It just sucks I’ve got no one to share it with.


Chapter 14
Gifting

Trying to fall asleep knowing what would happen seemed next to impossible. Rae had empathy for what Molly had gone through back in September. She wished she could talk to her now. But Molly lay snoring on her bed, and Rae had no intentions of waking her. Instead, she lay buried in her sheets, thinking about Devon’s knowledge of her father. As she grew drowsy, her thoughts stayed on Devon and she fell asleep dreaming about him. It turned out to be a night full of vibrant and pleasant dreams.
Rae felt herself waking and tried to will sleep to pull her back down. She liked her current dream. It was vague but nice. The feeling of Devon being beside her, his hand warm on her lower back, keeping her safe. She wanted to enjoy the feeling a few moments longer. However, sleep didn’t return, and the dream slipped out of her grasp. Lifting her head to check the time, she suddenly remembered what day it was.
Tempted to jump off the bed and rush to the mirror, she had to fight to control herself. Rae settled for trying to tell if anything felt different inside her. She started cataloguing every twinge, twitch and pulse searching for something that might stand out.
Molly’s alarm stopped her train of thought. She watched Molly, still lying prone on the bed with her eyes closed, hit the nightstand and then the wall with the back of her hand.
The light went on without the switch even being touched. Impressed, Rae realized Molly was getting better with using her ink. The last time she’d tried that trick she’d blown out all the fuses in the building. Madame Elpis went around with crazy hair that day because she couldn’t use her hair dryer to tame it. Since all the other residents of Aumbry house had been in the same predicament, no one had laughed. Molly had gone on about her business as if nothing were wrong. The memory made Rae smile.
Molly groaned and slowly sat up, rubbing her face. Rae quickly shut her eyes and pretended to still be asleep. She heard Molly stumble to the closet and grab her toiletries. Something heavy and soft landed on Rae’s bed, followed by an “oops.” She must’ve dropped her towel and brushed against Rae’s arm as she picked it up. Molly flipped the light switch off and shut the door.
In a flash, Rae hopped out of bed, grabbing the wall to steady herself. She flinched when she got a shock and blinked at the sudden brightness. Dummy! I hit the light switch. She rubbed her eyes. No worries. The better to see my new ink with.
Dashing to the closet, she swung the door open to the full-length mirror. She lifted her pajamas as she turned. She stared in stunned silence.
The tatù was there all right, and quite large – bigger than the other girls’ inks she’d seen. It spread across most of her lower back. On her pale, white skin lay a beautiful, unique figure with…Rae squinted to see an outline behind the ink…wings. A fairy etched in hues of pink, purple and green with glittery sparkles on the dress and wings. How in the world did it sparkle? She’d never seen anyone’s tatù glitter before?
Rae craned her neck to see it again. Below the inked girl lay an ornate design with Celtic detail and small circles with wiggly lines. Excitement flowed through her veins. They were miniature suns, part of her mom’s ink!
The tatù looked totally awesome. Not scary at all. It wasn’t some witch or warlock or sorcerer. Hers was delicate…tender. Like a fairy.
She spun around and spoke to her image in the mirror. “The sins of the father are not the sins of this daughter. I might not be able to undo the past, but I’m not being punished for something my father did!” She did a happy dance, wiggling her butt and moving her arms alternately in a pumping motion.
Today was the best day of her life. Nothing could ruin it – no proverb of truth, no Friday the thirteenth, nothing. Finally, my birthday, my tatù!
Now, she just needed to figure out how to use it. She had less than forty-eight hours before she’d have to pretend it was her birthday all over again.
Rae stopped dancing and stood perfectly still in the middle of the room. Closing her eyes, she lifted her arms and focused on every feeling inside of her, trying to determine if something felt different. She sensed a quiet buzz but wasn’t sure if it was coming from the room or inside her. “Probably just the hum in my ears from the excitement.”
A light tingling in the tips of her fingers caught her attention. Different than when your hand falls asleep, but she couldn’t figure out just how. Going back to the mirror, she took another look at the tatù.
Definitely a fairy, wings and all. Hmm…wings… Maybe she could fly or levitate. Shutting her eyes tight, she focused her thoughts on flying and slowly opened one eye to see if she’d floated off the ground.
Nothing. Not even a hint of fluttering or flying. She sighed, running her fingers through her hair. She had no idea what she could do or how to do it. If only she’d told Devon about today. At least someone could help her figure it out.
It wasn’t hard to see she had a unique ink, but were any other tatùs similar? “I gotta check at that bloody chart again.” Too bad you couldn’t look it up online…or maybe? Her laptop only needed to be opened and she’d have full access to searching.
Rae glanced at her watch and realized Molly could be back any moment. Deciding to give the ink probing a break for now, she grabbed a random pair of jeans and top from her closet.
One look in the mirror had her ripping everything off. The jeans dropped too low and the shirt would lift if she bent or leaned over. Too easy for someone to catch a glimpse of my Celtic pixie. Scrambling through her closet, she pulled out a charcoal black dress, the only dress she’d brought from New York. It was short sleeved, so she’d need a jacket, but at least no one would be able to see her tatù. She huffed and puffed doing the fastest change job of her life, trying to make sure she fully covered her ink before Molly returned. Finally the last thing she needed to do was fix her hair. Hmm…up or down?
Hair down, she held two barrettes in her mouth and pulled the sides up to clip it out of her face. Laughing to herself, she added a few of the butterfly wing clips she’d worn at the dance.
Molly returned just as Rae leaned close to the mirror, blinking mascara on the way Molly had shown her.
A whistle erupted from the doorway. Molly looked Rae up and down. “Wow, girl, you’re all fancy for classes this morning. ‘Bout time you started listening to my style suggestions.”
Rae almost poked her eye with the mascara brush. “I-I figured I’d dress up…since we don’t have classes on Sunday. You know, for my birthday.”
“Great idea!” Molly came and stood behind her. She touched Rae’s back, making Rae step forward and bash herself into the mirror. “Careful, you’ve got a few lose hairs stuck to the back of your dress. I like that you’re wearing you hair down. It flatters the outfit. I keep telling you that you need to dress up more often. However, it’s too cold for short sleeves.” Molly disappeared into her closet, clothes flying out and landing on Rae’s bed across the room. Molly stepped out with a short-length, beige leather jacket with a simple plaid pattern inside. “It’s Burberry. You can keep it if you want. I never wear it.”
Rae slipped it on. It went perfect with the dress.
“Thanks. I love it!”
“Consider it a birthday present.” Molly laughed.
Rae’s smile faltered. Did Molly know? Then she realized her roomie didn’t have a clue, and instead of being nervous, she felt guilty. Sheesh, if it’s not one thing it’s another. “Th-Thanks, again.”
“Don’t mention it. Now, can we head down and get some breakfast? I’m starving.”
Rae leaned over and hugged Molly. “I’m glad you’re my roomie.”
The two made their way to the Refectory. Filling their trays, Rae bumped into Maria in line, her hand banging into Maria’s as her tray slid along the aisle.
“Oops, sorry. I wasn’t paying attention.”
“It’s fine. I think you shocked me,” Maria rubbed her hand.
They sat down at their usual table. Haley sat babbling to the twins something about her family planning on going skiing in Switzerland over the Christmas holidays. She glanced at Rae, her mouth open but no words coming out. She narrowed her eyes. “My goodness, who’re you trying to impress?”
Rae could feel her cheeks heat up.
“No one.” Molly plopped down beside Haley. “It’s for her birthday this weekend. She’s wearing my Burberry coat.”
Haley rolled her eyes. “About time you get that sacred tatù the entire school has so anxiously been waiting for. Finally, it’ll be over so we can all move on.”
Rae wondered if hot tea would do permanent damage to Haley’s face if she threw her cup at the bitch. The girl knew how to take the wind out of someone’s sails, didn’t she?
“Ignore Haley,” came Maria’s quiet voice. “She’s just green with envy. She’s jealous of your looks, your personality and the way every guy in this school stares at you. You have a history to talk about. She can’t compete.”
Rae nodded at Maria, the voice invasion no longer as daunting as at the beginning of the school year. Thanks Maria, I know you can’t hear me, but I appreciate it.
Maria’s smile faltered and her eyes went huge. A glass of juice slipped from her hand. Girls sitting beside her quickly jumped up to avoid the spill. Everyone reached for napkins to absorb the orange liquid.
Maria stared at the table, extremely focused on cleaning. Without looking at Rae, she inner spoke again. “How the heck did you just do that? I have NEVER had anyone reply to my thoughts before. Your birthday’s Sunday, but you can talk to me now? Are you having some pre-power?”
Rae froze with a spoonful of oatmeal halfway to her mouth. Had she thought-spoken to Maria? She could feel the inner buzz inside of her again. Staring directly at Maria, she tried again. Panic set her heart racing, but curiosity won over.
You can hear me?
Maria nodded, still staring down.
This is crazy. Rae shifted in her chair, trying to appear like she was just eating, not going out of her mind with anticipation. I can’t believe it. Sorry I scared the crap out of you. I had no idea I could do this. She paused, debating if she should tell Maria and decided to go with her gut. Can you keep a secret? My actual birth date’s today, but everyone here thinks it’s the fifteenth. I just wanted to see what my ink was before the school started treating me like a lab rat, so I didn’t tell anyone about the mistake.
Maria smiled at her bowl of cereal. No one at the table even noticed the two of them. “It’s all right, you don’t need to apologize. You just surprised me by answering back. If I were in your shoes, I’d probably keep it a secret as well. What’s your tatù? Is it the same as mine?”
Rae found it easy to converse this way. She noticed Maria picked up her pace as well – like they were just thoughts, not words in a conversation. My ink’s different. I’m going to check the chart later. She paused, unsure if she should share the ink’s image. She liked Maria and needed to tell someone. It looks like a fairy, with wings and everything! There’s also a neat Celtic design along the bottom. She shrugged. I guess my gift’s some kind of telepathy. I thought it meant I could fly. I was really hoping, but I tried getting airborne this morning. Unfortunately, gravity wouldn’t let me go.
Maria covered her mouth to hide a laugh. “I’m glad you didn’t try jumping out your window to see if you could fly. Remember, your gift’s pretty raw at the moment. It’ll take some time to strengthen and sort itself out. You have to learn to work with it and train it. Or have it train you as some of the professors say. I’m excited for you and, to be honest, I’m a little excited for me. This’ll help improve my skill, as well.”
Rae nodded as Molly leaned over, tapping Rae’s temple.
“You listening in there? I just asked if on Sunday, after you get back from the Infirmary, of course, you want to sneak out? You know, celebrate your birthday properly?”
“Ummm…” Rae didn’t know what to say. She glanced around the table.
“Come on, be devious,” Molly said with a mischievous smile. “You’re the last of the gals to get inked. We’ll head out to the sporting fields. I’m sure we can get some of the guys to come as well.”
“That’d be a riot,” Haley said. “Except we’ll get caught on the fields. Too obvious from the buildings.”
Rae saw the disappointment on Molly’s face and just couldn’t let it stand. “There’s a clearing behind the forest. I walk there all the time.”
Molly jumped around, all excited. “Wouldn’t it be a riot?”
Haley tapped her long, manicured fingernails against the tabletop. “I’m sure Riley, or one of the older guys, could get us some festive drinks.”
Molly’s voice dropped to a whisper. “You mean, alcohol?”
Rae nodded absentmindedly. She’d been listening but also trying to talk to Maria since Molly’d poked her. Had she lost the telepathy? Or, since her gift was still new had it somehow powered down? She could still feel the electrical buzz running through her body but couldn’t figure it out.
“Rae! Yes or no to the party?” Molly poked her in the ribs, creating a shock. It actually made Rae and Molly jump apart. “Sorry! That was a strong one.”
“I’m okay.” Rae laughed, rubbing her side. “The party sounds like fun. However, aren’t we a little young to be drinking?”
Haley snorted and tried mimicking an American accent. “Well, in big ol’ America, yous peoples huv to wait ‘til yer super old, like twenty-five to drink.”
“It’s twenty-one.” No way would Rae let Haley ruin her birthday.
“Whatever. We’ll get the guys to bring the booze and those of us looking for a good time can enjoy ourselves,” Haley said.
Molly clapped her hands. “I’ll spread the word. Let’s plan on meeting at ten, once Madame Elpis shuts her door for the night.”
It wasn’t long before the entire girls’ table whispered excitedly about the prospect of the party and being sneaky. Something none of them had dared to try since arriving. They continued whispering plans as they put their trays away and started to head off to morning classes.
Maria touched her arm and began walking beside her. “Let’s make sure we’re close by each other in the Oratory today. Then we can work on your gift without anybody else knowing.”
Relief flowed through Rae when she heard Maria’s voice back in her head. She only had a few hours to do this and she didn’t want to waste any of them.
They stepped out into the crisp morning air, heading to the Scriptorium for English.
Julian caught up to them. “Hello, lovely ladies.” His eyes traveled over Rae. “Hot bod in the dress. You had our entire table in shambles. Looks like several guy’s made bets on who’s going to take you out to lunch tomorrow. Lucky you!” He laughed, giving her a warm hug.
“Thanks. I appreciate you sharing that with me.” Rae pursed her lips and let out a groan. “Now I can spend the rest of the day avoiding any males except you.”
“Who said I wasn’t in on it?” The look on his face said he was teasing her.
Haley called out to Maria. Julian and Rae continued walking while Maria waited for Haley.
As soon as they were out of earshot, Julian leaned in toward Rae. “This morning I had a drawing vision of you. I’m not trying to scare you, but I just wanted to show you. See if it makes any sense.” He pulled a piece of paper from inside his jacket and opened it up. Hand drawn, with intricate detail, a picture of Rae as a fairy lay on the sheet. The depiction of her face appeared almost like a photograph instead of a drawing.
“You drew that just this morning?” Rae stopped walking.
“No, I drew it last night, just before midnight. I’m sorry I don’t know what it means, but I wanted to show you. Can you make anything out of it?” Julian pushed a lock of hair away that had fallen across his face.
Rae shrugged, hoping her eyes didn’t give anything away as she thought about the tatù on her lower back.
“Maybe it has something to do with your birthday.” Julian folded the paper and handed it to her. “Take it.” He chuckled. “I don’t plan on hanging it up in my room. I can just imagine what the guys on my floor would say and who’d try to buy it from me.”
“Do your drawings make you money?”
Julian squeezed her shoulders in a friendly, comforting way. “You’re the sweetest, most naive girl in the entire world. How can you not see every junior and senior boy is in lust with you? The way you looked at the dance only drove them deeper. Now today, again…”
Rae started laughing. Julian was pulling her leg, trying to get her to blush. She playfully punched him in the arm. “Nice try, Juls. I’m not gonna fall for that. You can dream on if you think you’re going to embarrass me. I’ll keep your drawing, though. It’s the prettiest picture I’ve ever seen, even if it is of me.”
Julian shook his head and chuckled. “I’ve got to get to class, but I’ll see you around this weekend.” He winked before darting off to the Oratory.
She watched him go, and as she continued walking, she noticed the humming sensation again. Then the strangest thing happened. She could see where she was going but at the same time, she saw a vision of Julian. He was lying down and suddenly got up to his art easel and began to sketch. She watched him draw the same picture he’d just given her. Weird. It was like she watched him have his vision – like she’d been in the room, staring down at him. As quickly as the vision had come, it disappeared.
What the heck was that?
The rest of the morning continued with little moments where Rae could feel a bit of her gift growing, but then fizzled out. It took more work than usual to concentrate in her classes. There were times when she felt she was on the verge of grasping her ability, and then it would flutter away and leave her feeling empty. She was relieved when lunch was over and it was time to go to class in the Oratory.
Maria met her inside the hall and grabbed her hand. She immediately began talking to her by thought. How’s it going?
I keep having all these weird sensations. I tried to talk to you again this morning but couldn’t.
Maria nodded in sympathy. It’s normal. It took me over a week before I could even communicate. My father has the same ink so I knew what I was going to be able to do. I’d try and the wrong thoughts would go out or I’d scream in frustration and he’d get my scream. It’s a pretty complicated process. Don’t worry. Rome wasn’t built in a day, you know.”
Rae sighed in frustration. She only had one more day before she’d be in the Infirmary, under the watchful eye of Dean Carter and whoever else. She wanted to get this sorted out before – before they had a chance to judge her or say she was just like her father and lock her away forever.
Headmaster Lanford entered the hall, handing out a copy of the inking chart. “Students, please gather ‘round. I’d like to discuss everyone’s sixteenth birthday.” He stared directly at Rae as he spoke, and she thought she saw him wink. “Let’s discuss the process. Who wants to go first?”
While he spoke, Rae folded her sheet of paper, knowing she wasn’t going to be able to answer anything without admitting the truth. She folded the paper one more time and ran her fingers over it to make the crease tight. As she did so, she felt the paper slice deep into her skin, between her thumb and index finger.
“Ow!” She dropped the sheet of paper and turned to look at her palm. Charlie stood beside her. He grabbed her hand to see what had happened. He touched the inch-long cut lightly with his finger.
“Just a flesh wound.” He grinned. “I’d heal you if I could, but my ability only works on me.”
Rae noticed blood running down her finger. “I’ll grab some tissues from the bathroom.”
Walking toward the bathroom, the familiar inner buzz ran through her body. She kept her left hand over her right, pinching the cut so it wouldn’t bleed all over. The pinching also seemed to relieve the sting of the cut. Pushing the door open with her hip, she slipped into the bathroom and turned the faucet on to run her hand under the cool water.
She stared down at her palm in surprise. No cut. At all.
She brought her hand closer to her face, unable to even find a small lift of skin. It was like the wound had disappeared. It was like…Rae gasped and stared at her stupefied reflection in the mirror.
The cut had healed by itself.
Charlie had touched her hand, and then she’d held the cut and healed it. Her head started to spin with images and thoughts throughout the day. She’d talked to Maria this morning because…And Julian. The vision. The powerful shock from Molly had been because Molly had touched her first. She hadn’t even realized, even considered. Chemistry was easy because Nicholas had touched her hand to correct the way she held a wire.
Rae leaned against the cool limestone wall and slid slowly to the floor. She covered her face with her hands, not sure if she should cry or scream.
She’d been inked with her father’s gift. She could mimic other people’s tatùs. Her uncle had been right all along – the sins of the father are the sins of the son, or daughter. She was being punished for what her father had done. The school would go crazy with the news of her gift. They’d lock her up or send her back to New York.
Her mother had wanted so much more and now Rae was going to make her turn in her grave.
Rae sat up as she thought of her mother. Her mother’s letter had forewarned her. She knew she’d have a powerful gift. She’d also said Rae had goodness inside of her. She was her mother’s Rae of Hope.
She needed to use her gift for good. No one had ever had a inking like hers before. That was pretty obvious. No one would know what to expect, and she could hide some of her abilities. She had two days. Two mornings, two nights.
Staring up at the ceiling, she spotted a box of bandages on a shelf by the soap dispenser on the wall. Grabbing the box and ripping it open, she stuck one over the spot where her cut had been, then ran back to class. She needed to listen to everyone today and remember all of their abilities.
She sneaked back to her spot beside Charlie. Rob stood telling the other students about when he realized he could shape-shift, and immediately knowing he was an eagle. He said it took him weeks to get the courage to try to fly. When he finally did, it turned out to be the best feeling in the world. Plus, the view was amazing.
Charlie began giving his spiel of DaVinci versus the medical marking of the Vitruvian Man.
Rae listened closely to everyone, captivated by each story. She was amazed to learn she wasn’t alone. It had taken days, even weeks, for each person to figure out how to use their gift – even if their parent had had the same marking. Rae had already accomplished that in a few hours. She nodded as each person spoke, as if now hearing and understanding for the first time.
“That’s it for today,” Lanford said.
Rae looked up, shocked class was over.
“We’ll continue our discussion on Monday.” He smiled at her. “With a new ink-stamp able to share and ask questions.”
Rae began collecting her things and, as she turned to leave, had a sudden thought. She raced over to Rob and touched him on the arm.
“Hey.” Fluttering her eyelashes, she hoped she appeared coy, not stupid as she felt, “Has Molly or anyone mentioned we’re having an outdoor party on Sunday night?”
He gave her a huge smile. “Yes, she told me about it. I’ll see you there, I assume?”
“I wouldn’t miss it for the world.” Making sure she didn’t touch or bump into anyone, she dashed out of the Oratory.
Running to the dorm, she quickly changed clothes and grabbed her backpack, throwing in a pair of jogging pants and a sweatshirt. She tore down the marble stairs of Aumbry House, rushing out the back door toward the path that led to the forest. She didn’t stop running until she reached the other side of the forest, where the open area for Sunday’s party would be. No one was around; it was completely vacant, just as she’d hoped it would be.
Dropping her backpack against a tree, she concentrated on her marking as she ran. Instinct took over. She closed her eyes and spread her arms out wide, dipping down before taking a small leap.
Everything changed in an instant. It was like she’d dropped her body…and tumbled into the soft earth, rolling. However, when she straightened, claws and feathered wings were her balance. If a bird could smile, she was grinning ear to ear. She fluttered about, managing to get up to a branch in a surrounding tree. A memory of the drive into school came flashing back. She remembered seeing a bird flying by the bus. It must’ve been Rob. Closing her eyes, she jumped, letting herself fall and arched upwards toward the sky.
Wind whipped by and ruffled her feathers. She opened her eyes, flapping her arms in excitement when she realized she was actually flying. Arching her new body toward the clouds, she glanced down and enjoyed the view high above the treetops.
She tried to let out a whoop. It sounded like a caw. She’d copied Rob’s gift and was now an eagle. How cool was that?
After half an hour of flying, Rae checked out the school from the view she had, constantly keeping an eye on the area where she’d left her backpack. No one ventured onto the path or into the small forest. Deciding it was time to head back, she flew back over the grounds one last time. She saw Julian and Devon get into Julian’s car and drive away. She noticed the twins come out of the post office and Riley head over to Dean Carter’s office. She spread her arms (wings) wide and enjoyed one last view from that height before heading back.
Focusing on landing, and then trying to shift back into human form took a few tries. She was laughing by the time she’d it figured out. Glancing down, she was relieved she’d changed clothes from her dress and had brought some spare ones along, and also that she’d managed to change all of herself back. She’d been a little worried about getting stuck with tail feathers.
Rae stood naked, her old clothes lying in tatters in the grass. She grabbed the pieces as she quickly ran back to her pack to throw the spare sweater and jogging pants on. Heart hammering furiously, she was terrified someone would see her in her birthday suit. Can’t afford to try to explain this. Then she pictured actually trying to come up with an excuse for being naked in a field, and laughed. What a scene that would be!
Heading back to Aumbry House, Rae recalled the conversation she’d had with Andy during the first week of school regarding shape-shifters. Andy had been right – Rob was the lucky bugger who could fly. The exhilaration and sense of freedom she’d experienced was by far the best thing she’d ever felt. Rob maybe the lucky bugger who gets to fly, but I am, by far, the luckiest kid in the world!
Giddy with excitement, she skipped along the pavement. She had a fleeting thought to run over to Devon’s dorm and tell him about it but remembered she’d seen him leave with Julian.
She grinned foolishly to herself as she came up with a plan. She’d touch Devon and figure out how his ink worked before she told him. Imagine the look on his face if she surprised him with that kind of knowledge! Maybe she could teach him a lesson or two.


Chapter 15
November 13 and 14

Ecstatic over figuring out her tatù, Rae couldn’t wait to tell Devon. The rest of the afternoon she touched anyone within reach, wanting to experience everything. During dinner, she looked around for Devon. Slightly disappointed she didn’t find him, she figured it didn’t matter, she’d catch up with him the next day.
Thinking about the next day and what would happen dropped her back down to earth with a resounding thud. Hopefully, Lanford would be there. She trusted the headmaster, and if they had a moment alone, she’d like to ask what he remembered about her mom. She’d gotten the impression from previous conversations that Lanford had barely known her mom. But, any information would be more than she had now.
“Have you been able to figure anything else out?”
Rae heard Maria’s voice and searched across the room for her. She sat by the wall. Maria gave a small wave before turning back to the boy sitting beside her. Amazed at how clear Maria’s voice came through from across the room, Rae wondered if Maria could communicate even further away.
How far away can you talk to someone? Same room or house or further?
“I can reach about a mile away. My father has the same gift. My family’s in Cork, so we can’t reach each other.”
Before Rae could respond, Craig, who sat beside her, touched her arm. Rae lost the ability to communicate with Maria. Her attention shifted, immediately focusing on what Craig’s ability so she could mimic it. She knew it had to do with water, but that’s all she remembered. She stared down at her plate and, using her peripheral vision, glanced at the tatù on his arm – ink art of a lake, an igloo and a cloud. A light bulb went on in her head as the buzz flew through her veins, she realized he could change the state of water from frozen to liquid or gas and vice versa.
“Sorry, what were you saying?”
“Just wondering where you were? Your body seems to be here, but I think you left your brain outside. Nervous for Sunday?” Rae felt a pang of guilt. He sounded genuinely concerned and here she was hiding her tatù from everyone.
“A little. I’m constantly thinking about what it’s going to be like.”
“It’s really cool, and kinda disappointing at the same time. You wait so long to be marked and then when the full marking is there, in plain sight, you have to figure out what it means. It’s a process – a fascinating, hair-pulling one. A process you love to hate and hate to love.”
Rae leaned back in her chair and dropped her shoulders. A dull, tight ache disappeared between her blades. She exhaled a slow breath, enjoying the feeling of letting the tension out. Obviously Craig had thought a lot about this. Might as well learn from him.
“So, Mr. Philosopher, how were you able to figure out what you can do?”
“By accident, actually. I was in the shower.” He raised an eyebrow, his eyes teasing her. “The water was freezing, so I turned it to hot. I turned it too far. Trying to avoid scalding my back, I flung the tap back the other way, accidentally using my ability in the process. I actually froze the pipes in our house.”
“No way!”
“And it was the middle of summer! My father thought it was hilarious. My mother kept calling the utility company. She thought they’d done something to the water pipes.”
Rae burst out laughing, choking on her glass of milk. She managed to swallow it back before spitting it everywhere.
Craig patted her back. “It took me a few days to get the hang of controlling the state of H two oh, but I did try some really cool and crazy experiments. Great way to make a quick cup of tea.” He held his cup in front of Rae so she could see the steam rise from the water in a matter of seconds.
Rae’s mouth hung open. “What’s the largest amount of water you’ve ever changed?”
“Coolest thing I’ve ever done on a large scale?” Craig smiled, rubbing his chin as he pretended to consider. “One time we wanted to have a scrimmage football match on a Saturday morning. It’d rained the night before, so the pitch was soaking wet. It took about five minutes, but I dried the entire pitch so we could play on fresh, dry grass.”
“You’re jokin?” She wished it’d rain right now so she could test this tatù out.
“The best part was the look on the professors’ faces when we came in for lunch a couple hours later – none of us were wet or muddy.”
“I can’t wait to try – I mean, I hope I get something like your tatù.” Whew! That was almost a major slip.
“My father can decontaminate water and works for the country’s treatment center. He’s the only one in the country who can ever save us if we run out of fresh water. He already has plans for me to work with him. His talent is handy. Mine’s boring compared to his.”
“You don’t really believe that, do you?” Rae was appalled. How can anyone think they had boring ink? That’s horrible! Rae felt a strong need to convince him that his ink was special.
“Think about it. If there’s ever a drought or serious
flooding, it’s going to be you who can aid the country, not your
father.”
Craig grinned and rubbed the top of her head. “You’re pretty cool. We were taught about your dad. You know, what he tried to accomplish, and how you were going to finish what he started. You’re nothing like what they said. You’re a good person…pretty cute, too.”
Her face burned and along with the embarrassment came a twinge of guilt. She’d intentionally started the conversation because she wanted to figure out how to use his gift, but she couldn’t wait to show everyone she wasn’t her father.
“I hope I can be half as gifted as the students here.” She played with her empty tray. “I think I’m gonna call it a night. I have a feeling I won’t be getting much sleep in the Infirmary tomorrow.”
Rae stood and cleared away her tray before Craig could reply. She wove her way through the sea of tables to the front lobby to grab her coat, keeping her head down to avoid eye contact with anyone and headed out of the Refectory.
Rushing, she bumped into Julian and fell backward, landing on her butt.
“I’m so sorry. You all right?” Julian bent down to offer his hand. “I was lost in thought and didn’t even notice you.”
“I’m fine. The fault’s mine. I wasn’t watching where I was going.” Rae let him help her to her feet. She looked behind him. “Where’s Devon?” She stepped back, realizing Julian had no idea she’d seen the two of them leave together. He had no clue she’d been an eagle. And no way did she plan on telling him either.
“I dropped him off at the train station about an hour ago. There was a family emergency.”
Her heart stopped. “Everything all right?”
“Yeah, I think so. His mom slipped on some ice by their house. It looks like she mighta broke her leg. He’s planning on coming back on Sunday’s train.”
Her heart resumed its regular beating. Devon was safe. Strange how he created such inner turmoil inside of her. I’m just a caring friend. He has a girlfriend so…I’m just a concerned friend…right?
“Rae?”
“Yeah?” She chewed on the inside of her cheek, nervous he might know she’d already been inked. He did see the future after all, so it wasn’t outside the realm of possibility.
“Be careful, ok?” It looked like he wanted to say more, but just stood staring intently at her, his eyes full of concern. He gave her shoulder a squeeze before walking off, not saying another word.
Rae shook her head, brows furrowed. “O-Okay.” Does he know? Did he see it in a dream and draw it? Wouldn’t he have said something? Did he say something already? To the Dean? With doubts and unanswered questions assailing her mind, she slowly walked back to Aumbry House.
She caught sight of a familiar silhouette at the main entrance to the dorms. “Molls!”
Molly turned and waved. “Hey! Where’ve you been all afternoon? I haven’t seen you since the end of Lanford’s class.”
“I fluttered around and lost track of time.” Rae grinned at her own private joke. “You heading up?”
“Uh-huh. I want to try to fix my laptop one more time. I had a paper due today, and the only copy I have is on the bloody laptop.”
They quietly walked up the stairs. Rae pulled her key out and reached for the lock.
“It’s not locked. I—” Molly started, bumping hands with Rae as she opened the door.
Once in their room, Rae headed to the bathroom with her toiletries. Molly settled in front of her computer. When she returned from her shower, Rae plopped onto her bed and watched Molly continue trying to jump start her computer.
Molly slapped the keyboard with both hands. “Damn it! This is so stupid.” She shoved her chair away from her desk and grabbed her bathrobe. “I need a break and a shower. I’ll try it once more after. Otherwise, I’m gonna have to stay up all night and rewrite the paper.”
Molly stomped from the room, muttering about curses and how it was all bullshit. Rae stared at the closed door and rubbed her fingers over the pad of her thumb. She’d picked up Molly’s tatù when they had bumped hands and the hum of electricity felt prickly against her skin.
Needing a book, she leaned over the bed to grab her backpack. She spied Molly’s computer and stole a glance at the door. I could give it a try...but what if it doesn’t work? “I’ll just have a peak.”
Sneaking over to the blank-screen laptop, she lightly touched the keyboard. She could feel the electricity inside of it humming against her fingers, begging to be ignited. On a whim, she lightly ran her hand overtop of the keys. The hum’s rhythm changed cadence over one spot. It seemed…out of tune or sync somehow. Rae tried rubbing her fingers together over the spot, like she was trying to smooth out the hum’s cadence. A second later, the hum became similar to the rest of the computer. The unwinding rhythm became steady. The screen lit up and Rae watched the main page start up. Surprised, she quickly stepped back from the computer. Holy guacamole! It worked! She did a quick happy dance, careful to keep quiet. Hearing a noise in the hall, she grabbed a random textbook and hopped onto her bed, afraid she might get caught.
Molly came in a few moments later, her head wrapped tightly in a towel with some fancy name-brand robe draped over her shoulders, but not tied, flopping open with each step. Rae thought she looked like a rich housewife, only missing the blue face cream to complete the effect. Rae had to stifle her giggle.
Molly sighed loudly and strode over to her computer.
“What the --?” She let out a holler and jumped in excitement. “I should’ve just hit the stupid thing a week ago!” She dropped down on the chair, clicking on the wireless mouse. “Had I known that would’ve fixed it, I’d have thrown it against the wall!”
Rae smiled and nodded, not daring to look for fear she’d burst out laughing.
The printer began whirling and spewing sheets. Molly shuffled her report and stapled it. She swung around in her chair. “It’s a shame you can’t be here tomorrow night. I’d love to be the first to see your ink. You know, before everyone else, like you did with me.” She stuffed the report into her backpack.
Rae sighed inwardly, guilt wiggling its way into the area by her heart. Good ol’ Molly. “I’d rather be here, too.”
Molly undid the towel on top of her head and started picking through her hair with her fingers. “Not to sound teacher-ish, but it’s probably a good thing you’re in the squeaky-clean infirmary. The professors will be able to help you better than anybody.” She scrunched her face and grinned. “It’s only one night. Then we’re having that outdoor midnight party.”
“Hmm…” Rae yawned, shut her book and crawled into bed. She didn’t feel like talking about it tonight. She had mixed feelings about the party, about hiding her tatù from Molly and huge stress worrying about being in the infirmary the next night, waking up to Dean Cardell poking and prodding her. Ugh! It’s too much! Thankfully Molly distracted her from the worry circling her mind like vultures.
“Hey, watch this.” Molly twiddled her fingers and switched off the light. The bed across from Rae’s creaked and the sheets snapped about. “I’m getting better with practice. G’night.”
Rae lay there in the dark, her hands clasped behind her head. She felt like she was sitting on a seesaw, constantly weighing the pros and cons of everything. Sleep eluded her but shortly after two, her brain finally gave in and let her slip into darkness.
Morning rolled in with heavy rain and dark, dreary grey clouds that looked oppressive from the dorm window. The weather matched Rae’s mood. She wasn’t looking forward to the evening. Wishing every minute would take an hour, the day rolled by much too fast. Rae tried to act like she was invisible when she sat down for dinner, not really wanting to talk to anyone.
“What’s the dean doing here? He’s never around for meals.” Nicholas pointed to Dean Carter. He stood by the fireplace, frowning.
“It’s ‘cause Rae gets inked tonight,” Haley whispered loudly.
Rae wished she could sink lower in her chair. If she tried, she’d be sitting under the table. Not an entirely bad idea. I wonder if anyone would notice.
Riley walked over during dessert and sat across from Rae. He completely ignored Andy who sat beside her, talking her ear off as usual.
“I thought we had a lunch date? I came by your dorm, but Molly said you were out.”
Oh no! Rae slapped her hand to her forehead. “Did we make plans?” She tried to remember what they’d talked about at the dance, which felt like eons ago, and only came up with a big blank. The one thing she really remembered from that night was the way she had felt in Devon’s arms when they’d danced.
“Riley,” Andy sounded annoyed. “Get a life. It’s her birthday tomorrow. She’s got enough on her plate.” He put his arm around her and rubbed her shoulder.
“Watch it, wolf-boy. I wasn’t talking to you. I had a date with Rae and wanted to make sure everything was all right.” Rae could hear the fury in Riley’s voice. It made her squirm uncomfortably. When will they stop this?
“Guys, please. I can speak for myself.” Rae tried to keep her voice low; heads were already turning their way. “Everything’s fine. I just forgot. Maybe we can go next Saturday?” The last thing she needed was to attract the dean’s attention. He’d love any excuse to have the girls eat at a separate time from the boys. And wouldn’t that just be fabulous? I’d be ostracized forever. So she sighed in relief when Riley accepted her compromise.
“Sure. It’s a date.” He emphasized the last word and shot a smug look at Andy. “Do you want me to pop by and see you at the Infirmary tonight?”
“I’m not sure if you’re allowed.” Rae leaned forward, trying to escape Andy’s over-warm arm.
“I asked Dean Carter yesterday if it’d be all right.”
Rae just barely managed not to roll her eyes. Of course he did. Backed into a corner once again by cheetah-boy, while being smothered by the hairy beast. Andy gripped the table, his knuckles white and the veins in his arms bulging. With her luck, he’d probably shift into a wolf and fight Riley right here. Rae grinned, despite her wariness. It’d be an interesting fight. Riley, with his cheetah tatù, was quick. She pressed her shoulders back. She might like the idea, but had no intention of letting it start.
“It may be kind of boring. I doubt I’ll get much sleep.” Rae hoped she sounded like she was excited. She tried to think back to how she had felt Thursday evening and all she could picture was hanging out with Devon in the library. She wished he was here.
“I’ll come by around nine. Keep ya company.” Riley winked, then stood without a second glance at Andy. He headed to the front where he disappeared into the evening dusk.
“I don’t understand how you can stand that guy.” Andy’s ears seemed to puff with steam like an angry cartoon character.
“He’s such a …a…Richard Cranium.”
“A what?” She blinked, wondering if he’d gone off his rocker.
“You know, a Richard Cranium.” He smiled, then made a face that looked like he’d been eating raw onions. “I’m trying to make up for being an idiot and make you laugh. I don’t think it’s working.”
“I don’t get it.” The name “Riley” didn’t sound like “Richard” to her.
Andy pinched his nose, closing his eyes. He mumbled, “Consider the short forms for the two words.”
“Richard, Rich, Rick, Dick…Cranium, brain, skull…Ohhhh…I get it, a Dickhead!” Rae started laughing.
“Oh, brother, I don’t even know why I open my mouth sometimes.” Andy rolled his eyes but grinned. He straightened, now happy and bright.
“I’m the slow one today. My uncle talks in riddles all the time. I should’ve jumped on that one.” She winked. “I’ll have to save that for the summer when I go home.”
“Just don’t call him one and say it was me who taught you.” He put his hands up to fend off her fists.
Rae threw a playful punch when he dropped his arms.
“Are you going tomorrow night…to the COP?”
“COP?”
“Covert Operation Part --” He paused, glancing behind her.
She froze, scared a professor had just heard and would ruin everything.
“Ms. Kerrigan, are you prepared for the change?” Dean Carter leaned forward as he drummed his fingers against the table. Oh…of course it’s him. A teacher would be good luck and that’s not what I have. Rae made a conscious effort to avoid touching him, afraid his miserable attitude or gift, whatever it was, would rub off on her.
Professor Stockheed came up behind Carter. The dean straightened and pulled on the pockets of his suit jacket. “If you have a moment, Dean Carter, I’d like to have a word.”
The dean sighed. “Of course, Professor Stockheed.” He stared at Andy and frowned before walking away with the professor.
“Creep,” Rae muttered.
“Richard Cranium,” Andy said. They both laughed.
Madame Elpis met Rae at Aumbry’s main entrance and walked her to the Infirmary.
“Have a pleasant sleep.” She patted Rae’s shoulder. “Enjoy the roller coaster ride.”
“I’ll try.” Rae instantly mimicked Madame Elpis’ tatù, watching her leave the room without turning. The headmistress’ gift was pretty handy. No wonder the woman never missed anything that went on at Aumbry House. Talk about eyes in the back of your head. Freaky!
She glanced around. It was a simple white room, like any typical hospital room, with four single beds and a crappy view from the window. The sharp scent reminded her of bleach and some sort of cheap scented cleaner. The buzz from the fluorescent lights sounded like the cicadas back in New York. She wished her uncle were there with her. Even though she was still kind of ticked at him, he was family and he cared.
Trudging to the far bed, closest to the window, Rae dumped her backpack on it and plopped into the ugly orange vinyl chair beside it. She let her head fall back to rest against the chair and put her feet, sneakers still on, onto the white bed sheets.
Dean Carter walked into the room. A lady in scrubs covered with dancing clowns followed behind him. She could sense their movements thanks to Madame Elpis’ gift.
Carter stopped at the foot of the bed and crossed his arms over his chest. A glimmer of a smile made his lips twitch. It looked like it took a great deal of effort for him. I wonder if a full on smile would make his face crack.
“Excited?” Dean Carter seemed to be attempting to have a relaxed conversation with her, but his body language seemed all wrong. Rae couldn’t figure him out.
“Sort of.” Like she was going to tell him she already knew what happens. Or that she dreaded the thought of staying here tonight. The more she thought about it, the angrier she got. “Why all the bullsh—crap? Why do I have to stay here? It’s just an ink stamp. No one else has to do it this way! It’s not fair!”
“No one ever said life was fair, only eventful, Ms. Kerrigan.”
The dean closed his mouth when Professor Stockheed and the science professor strolled in.
Rae’s eyes grew big. “You’ve got to be kidding me.” Now she felt like the monkey doing tricks at the circus. The lady with the dancing clown shirt was obviously the school’s nurse. She probably treated everyone here like they were five years old.
The dean strolled over to the newcomers, and the three men conferred quietly.
“Let’s check her back now. We’ll photograph and check every hour to see if the ink art appears instantaneously or in parts.” Stockheed reached inside his coat pocket and pulled out a digital camera. “She might be different.”
Rae froze, terrified they’d see the ink already there. She wondered if the bathroom had a window she could escape out of. She was so screwed.
Carter waved his hand. “No need. There’s no documented proof.” He coughed. “We don’t have approval.” He nodded his head at Rae.
“I’d really like to do some blood work,” the science teacher said. “I’ll call her uncle to get his permission. I’d like to see if there’s a change in her DNA from tonight to tomorrow. Let’s see if the markers on the genes differ, or if hers are unique to the others.”
“No needles,” Rae said. The men all turned and stared at her surprised, like they’d forgotten she was in the room.
“I’m just cur—” science-guy started.
“No! I’m not a lab rat. I have a say in this. If I want my genes or DNA or whatever looked at, I’ll ask.” She huffed. “It’s my ink-stamp.” Not my father’s. It took serious effort of press her lips together and not say the last part out loud.
She slid off her chair, grabbed her bag and went into the bathroom. Like any typical hospital, there was no lock on the door…and no flippin’ window. She spied the hospital gown on the back of the door, hanging on a hook. Rae snorted. No way would she wear that. If they saw her tatù before morning, they’d probably slice it right off her back to examine it. She pulled her pajamas out of her bag and changed quickly, not trusting she’d have any privacy if she didn’t hurry.
Rae planted her ear on the wooden door, trying to hear what the dean and professor were talking about. Through the wood, the deep muffled voices were impossible to decipher. She didn’t want Stockheed here. He was creepy and weird in class. Plus, she’d never figured out who left the note at the beginning of the year. She kind of thought he’d written it but wasn’t sure.
The room on the other side of the door became quiet. Rae straightened, her eyes shooting around the room. What if they were listening to her? Watching her? She quickly threw her pj’s on, ran over to the toilet, flushed it and then ran the tap to wash her hands. Taking a deep breath, she opened the door and stepped out.
Except for the beds and chairs, the room was empty. Bare feet silent on the cool concrete floor, Rae tiptoed and peered out the door down the hall. Heart thumping erratically, she went back to the bed and organized her backpack. She’d packed a book and some magazines to read and set them on the nightstand. No one came in.
She sat down on the bed, swinging her legs back and forth. Checking her watch, she slid off the cot and went to check the hall again. Empty.
“Weird.” Her voice sounded hollow against the bare walls.
They caged her here like a lab rat, but backed off their “tests” at the first sign of opposition from her? She didn’t trust it. But what else could she do?
The bed frame looked as old as the buildings. It was one of those old metal ones with a crank to bring the head part up instead of by remote. She wondered why something so lacking in technological advancement would be in a school that prided itself on providing students with the best of everything? It didn’t fit. She leaned over and flipped the handle open and began turning. The groan of protest from the hinge made her jump. She gave it a few more turns, hopped on the bed and organized her pillows. Twiddling her thumbs, she watched the door and cocked an ear for the sound of shoes tapping against the floor. Nothing.
It was mildly disappointing really. She’d been expecting something a bit more…sinister for tonight. Well…maybe they plan on doing all their nefarious deeds tomorrow? Rae sighed and tried to relax. She knew her imagination was running rampant.
Alternately curling and uncurling her toes on each foot, she sat on the bed and waited. Before long, her breathing became steady and her lids grew heavy.
I’ll just close my eyes for a moment. Focus on my hearing. A large yawn slipped out, and Rae rubbed her eyes. She could feel her head begin to bob so she rested her chin against her hand. Tired of trying to listen for the dean’s return, she grew weary and let herself slip into the darkness.
She bolted awake, the hair on the back of her neck on end. She blinked rapidly, trying to force the edges of sleep away.
“Who’s there?” She coughed and cleared her throat. She sat up on the bed and glanced toward the door. No one came in.
Kicking the sheet off her legs, she hopped out of bed. She turned her head and glanced out the window, seeing something out of the corner of her eye.
“Crap!” she screamed and jumped away from the window. She laughed when she realized the person she’d thought she’d seen was her own reflection. Grabbing her chest, she tried to stop the crazy stuttering of her heart.
“Everything all right?” A cheery voice called from the door, making Rae leap onto the bed.
The nurse stood by the door, a bottle of water in her hand. She looked as startled as Rae felt. “Sorry, dear. You’d had a visitor but he said you’d fallen asleep.”
“What? Who?” Rae sat on the bed, trying to think who’d been in. She closed her eyes for a moment, trying to feel if the hum inside her had changed. There was something new tingling through her veins but she couldn’t tell what.
“One of your classmates.” The nurse set the bottle on the nightstand.
“Devon?” Rae tapped her fingers rapidly against the bed. The hum didn’t feel right. It felt like she’d had too much caffeine, like she couldn’t possibly sit still.
“No, not him.” The nurse smiled. “He’s such a sweet boy. Riley popped in.”
Cheetah-boy. That’s why she wanted to run and felt twitchy. She wished Devon was back.
“Anyways, you try and get some sleep. It can be a long night of waiting.”
“Yeah, I know.” She froze, afraid the nurse would realize her mistake. “I mean, I went through this with Molly. Molly Skye. She’s my roommate. We, uh, she turned sixteen at the beginning of the school year.” Ugh! She sounded like Molly now.
The nurse raised her eyebrows. “I’m in the next room if you need me. Just push the button.” She pointed at the wall behind Rae. “Sleep tight.”
Rae watched her leave and then leaned back into the pillows. It seemed to take forever, but finally she felt herself drifting off. She slept but couldn’t relax. Awful visions and dreams kept her jolting awake. Awaking from the fifth or sixth horrible dream, she vowed to never set foot in the Infirmary again after this night. Turning her back to the window, she closed her eyes tight and focused on abilities she’d like to try out.


Chapter 16
November 15

Rae winced as she slowly came awake. A sharp pain in her neck let her know she’d slept on it wrong. She closed her eyes tighter, the morning sun too bright for her still-tired eyes.
She rolled over to her side and slowly let her eyes open and focus. The room was bright, but outside still looked dark. She’d never closed the curtain and forgotten to switch the lights off. Groaning, she checked her watch to see it read only a bit after five a.m. Ugh! Why am I awake?
Suddenly remembering where she lay, she shot straight up.
Dean Carter sat, elbows resting on his knees, in the orange vinyl chair. He grinned, wide awake and waiting for her. He stood and the overhead lights caught a flash against something silver he held in his hand.
Rae held her hands up and edged toward the hospital bed, Terrified and thinking that he held a gun, she wondered if she could outrun a bullet, or maybe at least get out of the way.
Slowly dropping her gaze to his hands, she realized he was holding a camera. Not wanting him to know how he made her nervous, she yawned and stretched trying to hide her fear from a moment ago.
“Stand,” Carter said. He raised the digital camera, focusing on the lens at the back.
She stared at him, letting the word sink in. She’d finally slept so heavily, her head still felt groggy, even after the scare a moment ago. The bed creaked as her weight came off. “Do you want me to smile and say cheese?” She woke fully when she realized she’d said the sarcastic words aloud.
“Not funny. Not funny at all,” The dean snapped. “Turn.”
She huffed, spun around, and lifted the back of her shirt up slightly.
“Oh blimey! What the heck kind of tatù is this? It’s huge.” The camera flashed a number of times. “This isn’t the ink of your mother or father.”
“May I see it, sir?” Rae smiled mischievously. She got a kick out of having the upper hand knowing that the dean had no idea she already knew.
“What? Yes, here, have a look.” He grit his teeth as he tossed the camera in her direction. He disappeared out of the room, his shoes clicking rapidly down the hallway.
Rae turned back to the pillows and stared at the picture on the little screen. The photo showed the tatù in full detail. What Rae hadn’t been able to notice the past two days was now seen in full view. The ink design made any real tattoo look like a child’s artwork. The fairy seemed to be grinning and watching her as she moved the camera, staring at it from different angles. She was drawn so deeply into admiring the ink art that she jumped when Dean Carter hovered over her shoulder. She hadn’t heard him return.
“What can you do? What’s your power?” He sounded frustrated.
“I-I’ve n-no idea, sir.” She stepped out of his reach, paranoid he planned to grab and shake her.
“Neither do we at the moment. Your ink’s original, like Simon’s.”
Rae froze at the mention of her father’s name.
“You’re up now so let’s get started. I want to run you through a series of tests, so we can figure the ink out.” It was not a request. It was a demand.
Rae exhaled the breath she’d been holding. Dean Carter didn’t know her tatù was like her father’s…yet. And she’d just assume it stay that way for as long as possible.
Two hours later, what had started out as a bit of fun by not showing the dean what she could do, had long since become tiring. He’d drilled questions, asked her to try things and only become more and more annoyed with her lack of favorable results. Rae figured Riley must’ve touched her in the night as she’d been able to react to certain exercises extremely fast and continued to have the overly-caffeinated feeling running through her veins. Interesting, she felt she could control it at times and then make it feel less charged inside her. My body’s still probably trying to figure out how to use this tatù.
Dean Carter picked up a chair and dropped it heavily back down. It clattered and vibrated against the floor.
Rae jumped, surprised at his frustration.
“This is impossible!” he shouted.
A response flew out of Rae’s mouth before she could stop herself. “No one ever said life was fair, only eventful.” She couldn’t resist using the dean’s words against him. “If we can’t seem to figure out much about my ability now, maybe it’s going to take some time to grow.” She wanted to get out of this stupid room.
“Don’t mock me, woman.” Daggers shot from Dean Carter’s eyes. “You’ve NO idea of my power.” He enunciated each venomous word as he spat them at her.
Rae dropped back down on the bed, suddenly terrified. He was right. She didn’t know what his ink allowed him to do. The only thing she really knew about him was that he hated women, especially her.
“Do you know what my tatù is?”
Rae slowly shook her head, afraid to speak.
Dean Carter pulled up his sleeve and showed his tatù. On his skin lay a triangle with an eye in the center.
“I’ve a very unique ability.” He stared down his nose at her. “By touching someone, I’m able to see their past. Flashes of it, and usually it’s the secrets people prefer to keep hidden. My father had the same ink and did wonders with the police in interrogation rooms, and later in the military with captured enemies. He taught me firsthand how the ink worked.”
As he spoke, Headmaster Lanford walked into the room, whistling. “Good morning! How’s our birthday student doing?”
Dean Carter stepped away from Rae and turned, a fake smile plastered on his face and his entire demeanor changed from raging to polite.
“She’s fine. Her tatù is some new, original ink.” Dean Carter tried to put the camera away, but Lanford stopped him, taking the camera from his hands to look at the picture. Dean Carter stayed very still, eyes focused intently on Lanford. “Not like her father’s or her mother’s ink.”
“Interesting…very different.” Lanford continued to study the picture as a large, toothy smile split his face. Headmaster Lanford walked over to Rae, ignoring Carter, and sat down beside her on the bed, patting her knee in a friendly, fatherly manner. “Able to try anything?”
“Dean Carter tried about a hundred different tests on me, but I’m afraid I haven’t been able to do much so far.” She wanted to hug him. She was so happy he’d come. “I figured since my ink has wings, I might be able to fly. However, no go. Something feels different. I just don’t know exactly what.”
“Hmm…well it’s good to see you’re trying.” He slapped his leg and stood. “When I learned to raise myself up, I had to focus on something outside of what I was actually trying to do. I’d stand in the center of the room and focus on a lift or elevator, something that could rise up but needed assistance.” He offered her his hand. “Would you like to try?”
“Sure, why not?” Rae got off the bed. She glanced over toward the dean. He stood with his arms crossed in front of his chest in the corner of the room by the broken chair. He had a scowl on his face, but he didn’t say anything.
Rae faced Headmaster Lanford. He held his arms out to her, palms up, so she stretched out her arms with her palms down. She closed her eyes and focused on his steady voice. She knew it’d work. She’d felt the power of his ink run through her veins when he offered her his hand. Within seconds, the two of them were three feet above the floor. When Rae opened her eyes to glance down, she felt herself begin to fall.
“Focus, Rae! Be the cable that keeps you suspended.”
She regained control of her balance and gingerly brought her body back up to his level.
“Well done.” His steady voice helped make the rest of the room disappear. “Focus on the feeling of letting go of gravity. Think back to the day in the Oratory when I lifted you. This is the same feeling, but now you’re the one controlling your own movement.” He made large circles with his arms. “Concentrate on the air. See how it appears thicker than you think? It’s thick enough to stand on and step up higher. Focus, stay focused.”
This is SO FRIGGIN’ COOL! Having walked on air for ten minutes, the headmaster decided it was time to “come back to earth”. Slowly, they sank back to the ground, with Lanford’s combover now a mess. They landed in front of Dean Carter. The dean’s scowl erased Rae’s high-spirited mood from a second ago.
“Finally.” Dean Carter threw his hands up in the air. “Women! They don’t understand anything.” He shook his head and turned to the headmaster. “I wish you’d come by at seven this morning. Would have saved us all that time of useless experimenting.” He tapped his finger against his lips. “I think this ink has more. If it was just a gravity-thing, the stamp would be similar to yours. Neither of her folks had that ability.”
“Andrew, the ink is unique,” Lanford said. “We, Rae included, won’t figure it out in the course of a day. Give her time. Everything’ll be fine.”
“Possibly.” Carter glared down his nose at Rae. “However, I think we should continue to closely monitor – sorry, teach Ms. Kerrigan how she can best use her ability or abilities, for the good of the school and her future well-being, of course.”
“I’ve already seen to it.” Lanford waved a hand. “Rae’s in my afternoon class, and there’s a very bright student mentoring her two evenings a week.” He turned his attention back to her. “Rae, it’s your birthday. Go. Enjoy your day before it’s over.”
“Thanks, sir.” She was so grateful for his presence and his pronouncement she wanted to reach over and fix his messy hair. Instead, she turned, grabbed her backpack and rushed to the bathroom to change her clothes before the dean could change Lanford’s mind.
Taking the quickest shower of her life, she dried off in record time with a crappy, stiff hospital towel. She threw on jeans and a sweatshirt, running out of the Infirmary without glancing back.
The fresh air hit her like feathers from heaven. Rae inhaled deeply, enjoying the breeze and slowed to a walk. A lovely warm wind blew and the sun shone from a cloudless sky. She headed toward the dorms, pausing when a familiar voice called out to her.
“Happy birthday!” Andy caught up to her. “I was just going to come see what was taking you so long.”
“I didn’t think I’d ever escape. The dean’s a royal pain in the arse.”
He laughed. “How’d everything go?” He grabbed her hand and squeezed it.
“All right.” Rae tried to free her hand from the sweaty one holding it. “Carter’s a pain in the rear. My tatù’s some kind of fairy. Lanford came by and was totally cool. He figured my ink has something to do with gravity.” She grinned, wiggling her hand loose. “Looks like I might be able to do some flying.”
“Trying to make me jealous?” Andy laughed, reaching for her hand again and missing. “You should tell Rob. I’m sure he’d love to fly without having to turn into a bird.”
“It’s an eagle. His gift’s super cool. I wouldn’t change that ability at all.” Rae thought back to Friday afternoon and then realized what she’d said. “I-I mean, it s-seems pretty cool. Shape-shifting. You guys are so lucky.” She forced a laugh. “I definitely won’t be turning into some fairy and sprouting wings.” Maybe…I wonder if that’s a possibility.
Andy winked and grinned. “You’d make one helluva hot fairy.” He looked her up and down. “When do I get to see this ink-art?”
Rae blushed and pulled the back of her shirt down, paranoid he might lean back and try to check it out. “Uh… I’m not much for being flashy.”
Andy grinned. “I like that about you. Anyways, you’re still coming tonight, right?”
“I wouldn’t miss it. Sort of like a pretend birthday party for all of us sixteen year olds.” She started toward Aumbry House and then turned around to ask Andy another question. “Is Devon back? I, um, was wondering how his mom’s doing.”
“He got back about half an hour ago. He said everything’s all right. She broke both bones in her lower leg, just above her ankle.” His face puckered up like it hurt him to think of it.
“Ouch! Glad to hear she’s going to be all right.” Awesome! I get to see Devon today! She started up the concrete steps of Aumbry House. “See you later.”
Rae headed inside and met Molly on the marble staircase. Molly screamed with excitement when she saw Rae. She grabbed her hand and dragged Rae up to their room.
As soon as she shut the door, Molly lifted Rae’s top. “Oh my goodness, you’re tatù’s totally awesome! By far the best ink art I’ve ever seen.” She lightly touched Rae’s back. “It almost like you painted glitter sparkles on the wings. That Celtic design’s going to look awesome when you wear jeans. You have to make sure your tatù shows off just above them.” She headed for Rae’s closet. “Wear low riders so guys can catch a good glimpse.”
Rae couldn’t stop laughing. Molly was completely and utterly nuts. Molly tossed a pair of Rae’s dark blue jeans on her bed, along with a bunch of Rae’s tops. “Start trying these on. I’ll help you find something hot to wear tonight.” She ran to her closet and threw a handful of clothes on Rae’s bed. Then she ran into the hall, calling the other girls into the room to see Rae’s tatù.
Rae had her head stuffed inside one of Molly’s long sleeve shirts when she heard her roommate in the hallway, talking to Maria and Haley.
“It’s about time a GIRL has unique ink instead of a guy. And she’s my roommate.”
The girls filed into the room.
One of the twins dropped onto Rae’s bed. She turned to Molly. “Awesome clothes. I love designer brands. How do you keep your side of the room so neat.”
Rae didn’t bother to mention it was actually her side.
“Riley and another senior boy are bringing alcohol.” Molly looked like she’d been dying to tell the secret for days.
“There’s no drinking on school property.” Aiden was the twin on Rae’s bed.
“Riley said where the forest ends, and the open field begins, is the end of Guilder’s property. So even if we get caught, we technically can’t get into too much trouble.”
I’m not touching the stuff, either way. Rae grinned. After dealing with Dean Carter, she’d take Molly’s verbal diarrhea any day.
“Rae Kerrigan,” Molly shouted. “I know exactly what you are thinking and you’re wrong! You are going to have one drink.” She pointed her finger at Rae. “You don’t have to get drunk, but you’re going to have a celebratory drink.”
Rae chuckled. “Whatever, Molls.” However, the idea of alcohol made her nervous. What if she started blabbing about knowing her ability or about her birthday date mix-up? Or worse, she said something about crushing on Devon? Too risky.
“Let’s order pizza,” Haley interrupted. “I’m hungry. I’ll call Julian and get him to pick it up. He’s a sucker.”
“Julian’s super nice and you shouldn’t use or talk about him that way!” Maria’s quiet voice came out strong and irritated.
“Sorry,” Haley said softly. It wasn’t loud, but it made Rae smile. Maria might be quiet, but she stood up for what she believed in and even Haley didn’t tread on her. Go Maria!


Chapter 17
C-O-P

“It may be November, but tonight’s really warm,” Molly told Rae as they headed up to their dorm after dinner in the games room. “Julian told me the guys are going to set torches in the ground…give it a Survivor kinda feel.” She gave Rae a once over. “I’ve the perfect top to show off your tatù…” She paused and sighed when she saw Rae’s face. “Without making it obvious you’re trying! Give me some credit here! Have I ever steered you wrong? Let me go through our stuff one more time and see what’ll match.”
“Um…Okay.” Part of her felt excited Molly wanted to help, the other part, nervous. Rae had never been flashy, but Molly had the perfect magazine look, like she’d just stepped onto the runway. They were so different. And yet, Molly had a point. She’d never steered her wrong before, fashion-wise. She seemed to have a knack for knowing what worked for Rae without making her look like something she wasn’t.
Molly rapped her fingers against the closet door as she stared at Rae’s wardrobe. “You know, besides those dark jeans I picked before, you don’t really have many clothes. Your American style is, like, a season behind ours. I really need to teach you to shop properly. If you want, why don’t you come to my place over the holidays? We can hit all the Boxing Day sales, and redo your entire wardrobe.”
Rae couldn’t believe it. “Are you asking me to spend Christmas with you?” She hadn’t planned on flying home until the summer so she was free, but she hadn’t yet considered the Christmas break and what she would do during it. And while she and Molly had gotten close since they’d met, she’d always thought maybe Molly would treat her like everyone else did when it came down to it. Yet here she was, inviting Rae-the-evil-freak to her house. Plus, staying at school by herself while everyone else went home to be with family, certainly didn’t sound fun.
“Sure, but only if you’re willing to get a new wardrobe.” Molly smiled. “You know what, I’m really glad we’re roommates. Hanging out with you is going to be a very good thing now.
Rae’s heart swelled even as she rolled her eyes. “Glad one of us thinks my tatù’s a good attention getter.” I am so lucky to have you as a roomy, Molls.
Molly bent down and disappeared into Rae’s closet. “You have those cool Converse Pink sparkly runners. Wear them.” She tossed them at Rae and disappeared into her own closet. “I have this awesome white top with a Celtic design on the side which runs over the shoulder then down a bit of the back. It’ll look perfect with your ink.” Molly chewed on her fingernail while she gave Rae the once-over. “We’re going to have to do something with your hair. It’s braided right now, but I bet if we let the braid out and add a little mousse, it’ll be fine.”
Molly dressed in a pair of black dress pants with a very expensive-looking (and chest-flattering) top. She’d done hers and Rae’s makeup perfectly. Nothing was missed. Haley tapped on their door and whispered, “Time to go.”
Sixteen girls tiptoed down the stairs, sneaking toward the back door. The twins stood by Madame Elpis’ door, giggling as Nadia concentrated on sending Madame Elpis wonderful, happy dreams. Aidan had wanted to send the dreams, but everyone had agreed that’d be a mistake.
Outside, the group relaxed and ran toward the trees.
Gale, the senior with excellent hearing, touched Rae’s shoulder. “Can you see anything?” she whispered.
Rae pointed to the dancing dots on the east side of the forest. “I think those are torches.” She absorbed Gale’s ink, loving the feeling the hum gave as it coursed through her veins. Rae’s hearing picked up instantly, as if her other senses were put on a slight dimmer and the volume was turned up so she could hear everything more clearly.
When they were free from the forest, the girls quickly dispersed among the boys who were already hanging out in the field. Rae held back among the shadows, suddenly shy.
Riley walked over and handed her a can of cider, smiling sweetly. “If you’re going to drink anything, stick to cider and take it easy.” He held his beer can up. “Cheers, an’ happy birthday!”
Rae touched cans with Riley’s and reluctantly took a small sip, surprised the bubbly cider actually didn’t taste too bad.
Nicholas sauntered over to wish her a happy birthday. He bugged her until she took a sip of his beer. The grimace on her face made him laugh and spill his tall can.
Rae chatted with him, her eyes roaming the field for Devon. Halfway through her cider, she began to relax. So, it seemed, did the other girls. Before long, they were tying the fronts of their shirts up to show off the ink art on their backs.
Rae slipped back toward the outer circle. No way I’m doing that. She heard some of the boys talking about her father and comparing her to him. No one knew her ability and she needed to remember to constantly think before saying or doing something stupid.
“Hiding out in the dark?” A voice drifted quietly toward her.
“Devon!” Rae swung around and hugged him. She pulled back awkwardly, surprised at her exuberance. She took a sip of her cider.
“Happy birthday.”
“How’s your mom?”
They both spoke at the same time.
“You first,” Rae said.
“Happy birthday. I got back late this afternoon and didn’t see you at dinner.”
“We ordered pizza.”
“Yeah, Julian informed us of his dinner with all of you.” Rae could hear the smile in his voice.
“How’s your mom? Andy told me she broke her leg.”
“She’s pretty sore, but happy that I came to see her.”
“I’m sure.” Who wouldn’t love to have a perfect boy like you?
He coughed. “I, uh, picked you out a little gift. It isn’t really anything, but when I saw it, I thought of you.” Devon pulled out a small box from his pocket and hesitantly gave it to Rae.
Her heart skipped a beat or two as she tore the sparkly wrapping paper and lifted the lid off the box. Inside was a silver cuff bracelet. She lifted it out of the box to read the line inscribed: “Follow your dreams…” She went to put it on her wrist. “Thanks. That’s really sweet of you.”
Devon reached over and held her wrist. “Wait. Don’t put it on yet. You have to read the inscription on the inside.”
Rae paused, enjoying the tingling burn his fingers created against her skin. Devon’s ability coursed through her. The night suddenly became brighter, her vision spectacular as she turned the bracelet over to read it. “… But watch your back.”
Devon laughed. “With all the crap and cool stuff you’re dealing with this year, it just seemed… kinda fitting.”
“It’s awesome. I really like it.” She meant it. What were the chances he’d find something like that for her? It was perfect.
He grinned, giving Rae a quick glimpse of his dimple. “What’re friends for if you can’t celebrate an important day like today?”
A pang of guilt surged through her and she couldn’t take it anymore. She didn’t do well with lying to begin with, and having kept her own secret for so long she needed to tell someone. “I have to tell you something.” Rae wasn’t sure if it was remorse or cider talking. She decided to let the words out before she lost her courage. “My birthday was actually on Friday.” She sneaked a peek at his face. The surprised look made her babble an explanation. “My birth certificate’s wrong. My mom had me at home and when they took me to the hospital to register my birth, the doctor put the wrong date down. My mom never bothered to get it corrected. It’s not really a big deal.” She shrugged. “With this whole tatù thingie being blown out of proportion for me…I just wanted to tell you.” She swirled her empty can of cider, now wishing she had a full one in her hand.
“Your secret, not mine.” His face turned sympathetic. “I won’t tell a soul. I do think, though, if you wanted the experience on your own, Lanford wouldn’t have cared.” He motioned with his hands. “How’d it go today?”
“Fine.” Rae didn’t want to talk about it. She wanted to have fun tonight. She tried stealing a sip from her empty can.
“Can I see it?”
“See what?” Rae was about to hide the cider behind her back, thinking he’d give her crap for drinking it. Then it dawned on her – he wasn’t talking about the cider. “Oh, you mean my tatù.”
“Is it like either of your folks’?”
Rae turned and lifted her shirt so Devon could see the full ink art. “It’s pretty much one-of-a-kind.”
Devon didn’t say anything or move. Rae turned her head to look at him, wondering what he was thinking. Big pupils shone against the white of his eyes and his mouth hung slightly open. Rae had a fleeting thought of what it might taste like to press her lips against his. She ran her tongue against her teeth, trying to get the picture out of her head.
Finally Devon broke the silence. “That’s really something…it’s, uh, awesome.”
Rae felt his fingers gently touch her skin where the tatù lay. Chills ran up her spine and down her legs, making her knees feel weak. She liked the feeling.
“Did you know she sparkles? It’s almost like her wings glow in the dark. It’s, uh, very u-unique.” Devon cleared his throat and brought his fingers to his mouth, the same fingers that had touched her.
She blushed. “I didn’t know it sparkled in the dark.” Rae tried to see her back but just ended up twirling in a circle.
Devon chuckled. “She’s definitely special.”
Rae blinked. Was he talking about her or her tatù?
“Do you know how to use her?”
Should she lie or tell the truth? Take a chance… “You can’t tell anyone.” She playfully bumped his hip. “Or I’ll have to kill you. Just kidding. I haven’t figured it all out, but I think I’ve the main gist of it.” She reached for his fingers. “Give me your hand.” She’d already picked up his ability, but wanted the excuse to touch him. She held on a moment and then relaxed her hand, but Devon continued to hold hers.
She whispered, barely loud enough for him to hear but knowing the rest of the kids would not, except for maybe the senior girl with supersonic hearing. “I can see you perfectly and I know you can hear me.” She watched his face turn. “I know exactly what your abilities are now. There’s more inside of you I bet you haven’t even realized yet.” She swallowed, staring up at the night sky. “My ability is like my father’s, but different. I don’t know how it’s different yet, but I know it is.”
“Wow. I’m stunned. A little curious, as well.” Devon squeezed her hand, making her draw her gaze away from the sky and at him.
“Curious?” Rae repeated.
“Yeah, if you’ve the same ink as me at the moment, can you see as well or possibly better than me? What about your speed or agility or jumping skills?”
“Hey…are you challenging me?” She giggled. “Definitely. However, not tonight.”
“Why not?” She had the urge to take off running across the field, Devon chasing her.
“Maybe we’ll save it for a tutoring session which doesn’t include cider.”
“Wimp. I’m fine.” The corner of her lips dropped and she knew she was frowning. Hopefully not pouting.
“Sure, that’s what they all say.” He laughed, rolling his eyes dramatically. “Come on. Let’s head closer to the fire. Molly’s searching for you, and I think I need to grab myself one of those beers now.”
He kept hold of her hand as they walked toward the fire, only letting go when they got near the others. He grabbed a can from the cooler and popped it open.
“Very impolite of you to not offer me one.” Rae teased and then leaned over to grab herself a cider. A gasp came from behind her. Worried, she looked up. Devon stared at her marking, his eyes rooted to the spot even as Rae turned around.
“Is something wrong?” She touched her tatù.
Devon shook his head and then smiled at her. “No, nothing’s wrong. Your ink art’s very, uh…attractive in the firelight.” He took a swig of his beer and pretended to be interested in the action going on around them. “It’s seductive.”
Rae grinned, silently thanking Molly for dressing her. She popped open her can of cider and took a big gulp, not caring about anything but the fact that the way she felt at that very moment, was even better than flying.


Chapter 18
Alumni Dinner

November, like the snow, drifted into December. End of term exams were around the corner. Talk of Christmas holidays soon filled the halls of the school.
Class in the Oratory became more intense. Lanford tested each individual, pushing them to learn and understand their ability in more detail. Rae made a conscious effort to only perform skills which copied what others thought her tatù could do. She still hid the fact that she could mimic abilities like her father. It amazed her that no one caught on. She swore a red light started flashing over her head each time she touched someone, even though she tried to keep it as subtle as possible.
She continued tutoring with Devon. Nothing had changed between them since the C-O-P party. She never mentioned the evening, and neither did he. The only thing they really talked about was her tatù. Only he knew her true capabilities. He promised to keep silent until the end of the year, but encouraged her to tell the headmaster, especially after reading the letter from her mom. Rae refused, but wouldn’t explain why. She wasn’t one hundred percent sure why she felt the need to keep it a secret. She told herself it was because she didn’t want to be hassled and wanted the freedom to learn her tatù on her own, like anyone else. But deep down, she felt it might be another reason altogether, she just wasn’t sure what.
The five days before the Holiday break were crammed with exams. Monday morning, Rae wandered toward the Refectory for breakfast so firmly focused on her study notes that she didn’t notice Dean Carter until she almost ran him over. He stood rigid, dressed in a long, black leather jacket, matching gloves and a pair of expensive sunglasses. “Good morning, Ms. Kerrigan.”
Like a vampire stepping into the daylight. She stifled a giggle at the thought and took a careful step back to keep distance between them. “Good morning…sir.”
She wished she’d touched Molly this morning instead of Maria. The dean would probably feel thought projection would need closer examination. Ironically, he actually needed to get his own head examined, at least in her opinion.
“Don’t forget the alumni dinner on Friday evening. You’re expected to attend. I’ve been informed you’ll be staying with Ms. Skye’s family over the holidays, so I’ve extended the invitation to her as well. She is, apparently, over the moon with the invite,” he said sarcastically. “I trust the two of you will be on your best behavior.” Rae knew it was a rhetorical question, but she couldn’t resist the urge to poke fun at him a bit.
“I’m honored to have been invited and I’ll do my best not to chew with my mouth open.” She’d rather rip a fingernail off than go, but she knew she had no choice. “If you’ll excuse me, sir, I need to grab some breakfast before my exam.”
Rae stepped wide to pass the dean, but with lightning quick reflexes, he reached out and grabbed her arm.
She froze as a new hum spread through her body. Unable to stop it, Rae felt panic settle into her core.
A vision played before her eyes. It was the morning of Rae’s real birthday, when she looked into the mirror and saw her tatù. Then the vision fast forwarded through the day, pausing when she realized her talent in the bathroom and ending on her shape-shifting back from an eagle.
The dean now knew she’d lied about her birth date and the power of her tatù. Terrified, she was afraid to move, not knowing what he would do. She’d never really trusted him and now he knew what she’d been trying so hard to hide. Rae cringed inwardly as she waited for his reaction.
Dean Carter leaned forward and hissed in her ear. “I knew something was amiss! You didn’t think I’d believe you that incapable with an ink this original?” He huffed as he shoved her arm back. “You should have told me. This may have dire consequences,” he finished ominously. Then he walked away without glancing back.
Rae couldn’t breathe right away. It took a moment for her to remember how to suck air in and her stomach churned so much she lost her appetite. She stumbled to lean against the wall of the Refectory.
What would happen now? Would he tell everyone she was like her father? She knew she had the ability to be, but had absolutely no intention of letting her father’s legacy rule her. Besides, her tatù was different from his anyway. Wouldn’t everyone see that? Not here. They’re all too blinded by the past.
Plus, they were about to find out she’d been lying all this time. She wanted to run and hide, but knew she couldn’t. She felt sick to her stomach at the thought of going back to having everyone stare at her, and treat her like an outsider or a leper again.
This whole tatù business is complicating my life on a level normal teens don’t have to deal with! It’s not fair! Just a few months ago she’d been invisible in New York, living with her cryptic, riddle-loving uncle and her clueless but loving aunt, going to school and not being noticed by anyone at all. She’d been nothing special. Then Uncle Argyle had shipped her off to this place where the walls had eyes and it seemed that everyone waited breathlessly to see if she turned into a monster like her father. Special powers or no, she just wanted it all gone from inside her, to go back to being invisible. That was so much better than the alternative. Her shoulders drooped as she shuffled off to class.
Dropping into a chair at the back of the room, she pulled a book out of her bag and stared blankly at the pages, not knowing what to do next. There was no way she could focus on the test now. She sighed and closed her eyes, taking a deep breath, trying to accept the fact she was basically screwed. After all, now that the dean knew, there was no way he’d keep his mouth shut. She thought him entirely too greedy and cruel to keep her freaky ability a secret. Besides, he’d love to make her the main attraction at the Alumni Dinner and she knew it well. All her hard work to fit in here would go up in smoke at the dinner.
She wondered idly who would turn on her first once they knew. Molly? She hoped not. It would be more than she could bear. At least she knew without a doubt that Devon wouldn’t turn on her. But I can’t go through life clinging to him as my only friend in the world. She opened her eyes and stared blankly at the ceiling.
“Rae!” Nicholas came by and held up his hand. “Good luck.
I hear this one’s going to be a killer.”
She automatically high-fived him, a social knee-jerk reaction she couldn’t have stopped herself from doing. She instantly felt better with Nicholas’ gift coursing through her body, easing the weight of Dean Carter’s mental invasion. And I’m back! She managed to focus just in time for the exam.
When she finished the exam, she dashed out the door to find Devon leaning against the wall waiting for her. She skidded to a stop
“Hey! What’re you doing here?”
He smiled and pushed off the wall to stand close beside her. “You up to anything right now?”
He flashed his dimple and Rae’s breath caught. “N-No. My next exam’s in two days.”
“Lucky you.” Devon began walking toward the exit. “I’ve got a whopper of one tomorrow night.” He held the door open for her. “So, that means you’re free for the afternoon?”
“Sure. What do you want to do?” She almost started skipping. He wants to hang out with me!
“Can we do our study session now? I’ve got to study later, and Beth wants to take me out for dinner.”
Poof! Her happiness balloon just popped. “U-Umm…sure.” She glared at her shoes. “We can skip it if you want. Start up again after the holidays.” She refused to look him in the eye as she had no intention of letting him see how much the mention of Beth’s name bothered her, but then she remembered the dinner. She brought her head up. “Hey, are you going to the alumni dinner?”
“No way.” He laughed. “Good food, but so boring.” When she didn’t laugh too, he glanced at her. “Oh shoot. You’ve gotta go?” He nudged her with his shoulder. “Don’t look so worried. It’s not that bad.”
“Easy for you to say. You don’t have a rare ink.” Or an evil father, or the weight of the world on your shoulders...the list goes on.
They headed into Aumbry House, going straight to their usual spot in the library.
Devon tossed his backpack on the chair beside him. “What do you want to go over today? I’m all yours…” he checked his watch, “for the next fifty minutes.”
All hers? I wish! Rae dropped into her seat and tried to come up with something interesting to discuss. She tapped the heel of one sneaker against the toe of the other. “What do you know about the dean?”
Devon’s eyebrows came together. “What do you mean?”
“He doesn’t like me.”
“He doesn’t like anybody. He’s a miserable git.”
“Yeah, but the guy’s seriously mental. You weren’t in the room on my birthday and…and again this morning.” She stared at her fingernails, absently thinking they needed a trim.
“What happened this morning?” Devon tilted his head, his forehead creased.
Rae sighed. “I-I guess nothing. He just has a weird gift…and he t-touched me.”
“What?” Devon straightened. “How, or where?”
She glanced up and started laughing. She hadn’t intended to, but he looked so worried for her and she suddenly realized how her words had sounded. “I don’t mean like that. I just meant he grabbed my wrist.” She rubbed her temple. “It seems kinda silly now. I guess it’s no big deal. He’s just weird.”
Devon fell back against his chair and gave her a slow smile, showing his relief. “I’ve never seen his gift in action. I’d probably be freaked if he used it on me.”
“You know what he can do?”
“Something about being able to see the past.”
“It’s like a video. He can fast forward, probably rewind and pause it as well.”
Devon glanced at the clock on the wall. “Okay. Now that we’ve cleared that up. What’d you want to do?”
She knew exactly what she wanted to find out. “I want to see if there’s a link between Carter and my dad. There’s got to be some history to make him hate me.” She watched the corners of Devon’s mouth twitch. “It’s not funny. The guy knows I lied about my birthday and he knows the truth about my gift. Maybe he wanted to date my mom and she shot him down? I don’t know…”
He leaned forward. “Here’s the deal. I think you’re being paranoid. You think there’s something behind a guy who’s just a male chauvinist. If we look stuff up and find nothing, you promise to just try to ignore him?”
Rae twisted her fingers together considering the option. She balked at the idea of leaving the dean alone if they didn’t find a link. She was positive there was something that made him focus on her with such intensity. He seemed to despise all women, so maybe, the idea of her having something rare just irked the hell out of him. Plus Devon was someone she trusted completely, and he seemed to think there was nothing to find. Maybe she was making too much out of this, but she needed to know and he did offer to help. With her head still tilted down to her hands she looked up at him through the fringes of her lashes. “Fine.”
They went through the school’s enrollment, searching the Web and anything else they could think of to find a link between Dean Carter and her dad, or mom. They came up empty-handed.
It wasn’t a total loss though. Rae learned more about the bullying and other more illegal things her father had done and was shocked no one had tried to take him down. Like a modern day Hitler, his plans went undetected until it was too late to stop him. He had wanted to rule the world and, according to the documents in the files, had created a large group of followers to help him achieve his goal. He had done everything secretively. Even now, very few of his chosen entourage would admit to what they had conspired to do.
Rae remembered the men her father had always kept around him. He’d referred to them as bodyguards. She looked into that, but again came back with more questions than answers. According to the information, very little was known about his mysterious service men. Most of their names, and even some their inks were unknown. It became clear to Rae her mother had been the only one able to get close enough to her father to stop him.
It put more proof to Rae’s theory that her mother had used her tatù to start the fire. It made perfect sense. Why else would her mother have written the letter to her and made campaigns for Rae’s future if she hadn’t planned something big? Like her father’s death?
Did she sacrifice everything to save me? Rae craved answers but had no idea where to find them.
The rest of the week went by faster than Rae would have liked. She felt fairly certain she had done well on her exams, but had no real time to worry about it with the dreaded dinner looming over her head like an executioner’s axe. No matter how hard she tried, she couldn’t calm her nerves that night as she let Molly dress her and fix her hair.
The six students invited to the alumni dinner were required to greet the guests at the front entrance of the Refectory, as they entered for the meet-and-greet cocktail hour prior to the meal. The mess hall had been converted into an eloquent dining room. Rae, Molly and Riley were positioned at the east entrance, with Charlie and two other boys Rae didn’t know at the west entrance.
Shaking hands with each person who came through became a nightmare. She kept flipping through abilities faster than she had a chance to realize what they were. It felt like flipping through TV channels too fast to actually see what was on. The buzz in her veins became almost too intense to handle as her tatù tried desperately to mimic every one she came in contact with. She was on the verge of either having her head explode or running way, when one of the professors got on stage and asked everyone to find their seats. Rae wanted to hug him. She sat at a table with Riley while Molly sat with Charlie on the other side of the hall. She tried to remember the names of the ten adults sitting around her, but couldn’t, so she continually had to lean over to ask Riley in a whisper what their names or inks were.
Riley acted the perfect gentleman throughout the evening, even looking hot in his tuxedo. He introduced Rae to many of the alumni, got her punch and constantly had a hand on her arm or back. He never left her side. Rae was grateful for all his help, but annoyed with the over-caffeinated feeling his cheetah tatù kept giving her.
After dinner, Dean Carter rose and moved to the podium. Headmaster Lanford waited quietly beside him, absently smoothing down his combover with his hand.
Dean Carter cleared his throat, rested both hands on the podium and looked intently at the audience, making sure he had everyone’s attention before he started speaking.
“I’d like to thank everyone for attending the dinner this evening. Headmaster Lanford and I are pleased with the turnout and, of course, we are thankful for all of your support. Your financial support has been a wonderful credit to this school. It’s amazing how generous each talented individual in this room has been in giving back to the school which helped all of you to reach the incomes you’ve attained. It’s like every one of you have a secret power.” He finished the sentence with a lascivious grin.
Rae didn’t really think it was funny, but most of the adults got a kick out of the comment and laughter floated across the room. She leaned back and relaxed, expecting more stupid comments, but she froze when she heard his next line.
“It’s a credit to have the Kerrigan name back at Guilder. Many of us thought all had ended with the terrible fire. How fortunate for us, and for Rae, that Headmaster Lanford was able to locate her and invite her into the school. It’s a new experience for all to have females attending classes. From the comments our male students have made, it’s a positive improvement.” This elicited another round of chuckles in the room. Again, Rae wasn’t at all amused.
She scratched her head. Could Dean Carter be schizophrenic?
He hates having women here. She huffed. The guy obviously wanted to put on a show for the parents.
“Ms. Kerrigan turned sixteen just a few weeks ago, around mid-November.” He looked directly at Rae. “She’s inked with a very unique tatù, one which is new to all of us.” The lights dimmed as he spoke. “But she is her father’s daughter. And, it appears, has his ability.” The dean held up a small remote and pointed it at a projector set up in the back of the room.
Mortified, Rae saw her tatù appear on the big screen behind the dean. She wanted to crawl under the table to hide. The ability to teleport would be really handy right about now. The quiet murmurs of her father’s name and the whispered remorse over her mother’s tragic death burned into her brain, but the part she couldn’t stand to hear were the questions of whether or not she was “dark” like her father had been. She wished Riley hadn’t been touching her all night. She could use a disappearing tatù right now, not some hyped up cheetah. She felt trapped and needed to run.
Lanford moved in front of the podium, cutting off the Dean, and raised his hands. He shushed everyone with his words. “Thank you, Dean Carter. I’m sure the alumni are interested in Ms Kerrigan’s tatù and are concerned with her well-being.” He turned to the audience and slipped a hand into his pocket. “Rae has settled into Guilder with grace and a willingness to learn. She spent most of her first term at a disadvantage to the other students in her class, yet still managed to maintain a perfect 4.0 GPA, without the use of her tatù. She’s a very talented student. There has only been praise from her professors. Well done, Ms Kerrigan!”
The headmaster began clapping. The audience, like sheep, reluctantly joined in.
Riley leaned over to Rae and whispered, “You should stand up.”
Her face burning and her heart hammering away, Rae shyly rose. A sea of heads turned her way, making her instantly nauseous. She quickly sat back down and kept her eyes trained on her hands, refusing to look up again.
Thankfully, Headmaster Lanford changed the subject. “Now, shall we consider the new matters at hand? There has been keen interest in some upgrades to the school’s grounds. I have hopes for building a new football pitch which includes heating pipes underground so the teams would be able to play on the field year round…”
Rae listened to the crazy suggestion. Only professional football teams did that sort of thing. Then again, at Guilder, ordinary just wouldn’t do.
The remainder of the evening continued at a snail’s pace for Rae. Thanks to Dean Carter, she felt like the main attraction at the freak show. Alumni came up to shake her hand again and offer words of encouragement and also words of criticism. Again her tatù made it nearly impossible to handle the contact. Riley continued to stand by her and lend his support – emotionally and physically. By the end of the evening, Rae wasn’t sure what she looked forward to most: getting away from the alumni, or from Riley. She swore she’d never drink caffeine again.
At half past eleven, Molly found her. “Hey, are you ‘bout ready? My dad wants to get going. We’ve got a long drive to Wales and he wants to do it all tonight. I think he’s had enough socializing. He’s kind of the quiet type.”
Rae had a moment to wonder how anyone related to Molly could be “the quiet type”. The party looked like it was just beginning to liven up for the old people and Rae could have hugged Molly for finding her. She felt more than ready to leave. If she could, she’d have used Riley’s cheetah skills to peel out of there. “Heck yeah! Let’s go get our stuff.”
“I’ll walk you ladies to the door.” Riley stepped between the two of them and kept his arm around Rae’s waist. Near the front door, he leaned down toward her. At the last moment, she realized what he planned to do and quickly turned her head. Riley’s sloppy lips landed on her jawline. She had no intention of her first kiss being with him.
“Thanks for helping me out, tonight. Have a good winter break.” After gushing the words out, she grabbed Molly’s arm and dragged her outside, not caring that it was a less than graceful exit.
Molly laughed when they hit the sidewalk. “That was awesome!”
Rae glared at her. “I didn’t think he’d ever leave my side.”
Molly interlaced their arms. “Riley’s got a huge crush on you.”
“Ya think?” Rae wiped her cheek, making a sour face. It still felt wet.
“Don’t be so grossed out. The guy’s good-looking and smart. He’s also got great family connections. You know,” Molly said, elbowing Rae lightly in the ribs, “you could do a lot worse.”
“Thanks, but no thanks. I think I have enough on my plate.” Rae sighed. “I don’t really want to deal with a relationship on top of everything else.” Except with this one, totally unattainable guy with the perfect dimple…
Molly, for once, didn’t say anything. She just shook her head.


Chapter 19
Friendly Advice

The drive to Cardiff ended up taking about five hours. Not that Rae paid much attention. Her thoughts kept creeping back to Dean Carter blurting out her ability to everyone at the Alumni dinner. She stared at the back of Molly’s head as she sat in front beside her father. Eventually, Rae had kicked her shoes off and stretched out across the back seat, using her bent arm to cushion her head against the side window.
The sound of the car downshifting and the flash of street lights on the back of her eyelids woke her. She yawned and shifted, cringing when she discovered the crick in her neck.
After rubbing her eyes, she stared silently at the city of Cardiff. She checked her watch, and realized that even at three am, the city didn’t sleep. A few cars cruised the roads, either coming home or maybe heading out. Who knew? Who really cares? Rae thought, yawning again.
Molly leaned forward doing the “seatbelt sleep” – her head bounced with the motion of the car, the seat belt the only thing that kept her upright. They went over a bump and Molly’s head bobbed up and down like a fishing bobber, making Rae giggle. Molly snorted, but didn’t wake-up.
“We’re almost thar,” Molly’s dad said in his thick Welsh accent. Rae wouldn’t have understood him if she hadn’t been living with Molly for the past few months. Molly’s accent seemed barely noticeable to her now.
He flipped the turn signal on and turned right, down a street with row-on-row houses. Another turn and the houses became semi-attached and then increasing detached as they drove on, indicating a rise in home price. They finally pulled into a cul-de-sac with four large homes. He parked the car in the first driveway on the left and turned the ignition off.
“We home?” Molly croaked, popping her head up. “Thank goodness. I’m so tired.”
“Yar, yer mum set up the spare room fer Rae.” He hopped out of the car and opened the back passenger door, saying to Rae, “It’s right by Molly’s and you ‘ave yer own bathroom.” He slung Molly’s bag over his shoulder and put his arm around Molly. “Nice t’ave you back fer a bit.”
Rae leaned over and grabbed her bag and followed them in. She smiled when she heard Molly’s dad whisper to his daughter. “Everything good wit yer ink?” He snapped his fingers and a few sparks flew out of them. “Able to do this yit?”
“No, but that’s totally awesome.” Molly perked up. “Can you teach me?”
“Sure, if yer mum gives us a bit of time on our own.” He laughed, as if at some private joke. “She wan’s ta take you two to the shops ‘ommorrow.”
Rae followed them inside, a small pang of jealousy filling her. Molly’s dad seemed so sweet. Quiet and reserved, he had a kind and sincere quality about him. He obviously adored his daughter. Rae thought back to Molly’s words when they’d first met. She’d said something about her dad telling her to be careful around Rae. He didn’t seem the kind of person to be like that…maybe Molly had taken his words out of context.
Based on what she knew of her roomie, it seemed likely. Rae grinned involuntarily, thinking back on multiple instances where Molly had blown things out of proportion.
Rae took a moment to wonder how someone so loud and outgoing could come from someone so quiet and introverted. Maybe Molls’ mom would be the pushier kind. Her dad wore very nice, labeled clothes, but maybe it was Molly and her mom who did the shopping.
They carried their stuff up the large staircase, giving Rae a glimpse of the house. Everything in the house was designer and classy, looking like it had jumped straight out of a high-priced magazine. It reminded Rae of Molly’s wardrobe.
Her room, across from Molly’s, looked like it’d been a photo-shoot backdrop in Vanity Fair: Polo sheets on a high poster bed, the walls and trim painted a brilliant white. The ensuite bathroom had a shower, separate bath and sink done in silvers and lilac. Rae brushed her teeth and crawled into bed, too tired to let her brain take in anything more beyond the luxurious softness of the sheets. She fell asleep immediately.
“Rae… Rae… You awake?” Molly whispered loudly, her weight dipping the mattress beside Rae on the large bed.
Rae felt Molly’s finger touch her eyebrow a split second before her eyelid jerked open of its own accord. Her eye rolled left to right, catching Molly dressed in pajamas covered in Chanel logos, before pulling her head back. “I am now.” She considered tossing one of the five hundred thread count pillows at her friend, but it would be a shame to throw something so wonderfully soft. “What time is it?”
“‘Bout eleven.” Molly’s fingers reached beside Rae’s head and pulled at one of her curls. “You know, you would look fantastic if we lightened your hair. Hmm… maybe blonde?” She shook her head. “No, too much. Maybe some chunky highlights. Oh! You’d be like a modern day Tinkerbelle.” She tilted her head, obviously visualizing it in her mind. “I can color your hair sometime if you want. I took a class a few summers ago.”
“You took a hair class?” Rae couldn’t picture it. Her flashy, designer-labeled roomie, a beauty school girl? Maybe a dropout. Rae grinned at the cheesy Grease-Lightening comparison.
“Aced it. Even the teacher was asking me to do her hair. She said I had some natural talent for finding the right colors for people. Whatever.” She shrugged. “I thought I might be a stylist, and wanted to make sure I knew how to do people up from head to toe.” She looked around the room. “Sorry this room’s so boring. The antique bookcase, over there by the window, has a section which drops down and turns into a desk. You can set your computer up there and we’ve got wireless. Password is “tricity” with no caps or anything. Like electricity” She began snapping her fingers, staring intently at them.
Rae sat up, fluffing a pillow behind her back and leaning against the headboard as she drew her knees up. “What’re you doing?”
“My dad showed me this cool sparkly-trick, but I can’t figure out how he did it.”
“Let me try.” The words were out before Rae realized. Her eyes grew wide as she waited for Molly’s response.
“You can’t, silly.” Molly patted Rae’s hand. “My dad and I almost have the same ink.” She snapped her finger again. “I almost forgot the whole reason I came in here. My mom wants to go shopping. She’s dying to buy me some new outfits for school.” She hopped off the bed. “First we eat, then we shop.”
Rae had a bit of money her aunt and uncle sent as her Christmas present. Maybe she’d buy a new outfit as well. She also wondered if the dean’s words had sunk in for Molly. Did she get that I can copy her ability? Or was she purposely ignoring it? “I just need a shower.”
“No probs. I’ll meet you downstairs.” Molly disappeared around the door, still snapping her fingers.
Rae sat a moment longer staring at her hands. Then she got up and peered into the hallway before she quickly, and as quietly as possible, closed the door. Leaning her back against it, she tried snapping her fingers. Nothing happened. Focusing on Molly’s tatù hum, she intently watched her fingers and palm, rotating her wrist. Eyebrows pushed together, she tried to imagine the electricity flowing through her veins from her forearm and up her wrist to the tips of her fingers.
Instead of snapping her fingers, she felt the urge to flick them, and jumped when tiny little sparks flew out. She stepped away from the door and headed toward the bathroom, still practicing her finger sparklers. Cool trick! I gotta show Molls….oh wait…shoot. She didn’t know if Molly knew and the only way to find out would be to ask her. Hmmm… or maybe show her! Molly had been so nice to invite her here, and what if Molly didn’t get what the loser-dean had said and she heard it from someone when she got back from school? Rae though it might break her heart if Molly turned her back on her.
They shopped all afternoon. Molly’s mom turned out to be an older, more mature version of Molly. It made Rae giggle. The two of them headed to every shop where nothing seemed priced below a hundred pounds. It was way above Rae’s comfort zone.
The next day they shopped again, even with all the crazy holiday rush of shoppers. Molly and her mom didn’t mind. They still came home with presents for others and themselves. Rae thought it’d be nice to have that kind of money, but she didn’t think she’d bother with the crazy priced clothes. She did buy a scarf and matching gloves from Burberry and it kept Molly quiet for about half an hour.
Molly and her Mom couldn’t wait to go shopping for the Boxing Day sales. After a quiet, but fancy Christmas dinner with presents, including presents for her, Rae had no desire to shop more. The next morning, she sat at the little antique bookcase, her laptop loading. Molly stood, flipping through some fashion magazine.
“Would you mind if I just stayed in?” Rae asked.
“You’re kidding! You don’t want to go?” Molly looked confused.
“I, uh, I’d like to give my Uncle Argyle and Aunt Linda a call and just take it easy. Is that okay?”
Molly, still looking like she couldn’t figure out why in the world staying in would be more exciting than buying clothes, finally nodded. “My mom and I can get a bit of one on one time.” She turned to go, at the door, she paused. “Hey, can you do me a favor?”
“Sure.”
“Do you mind hanging out with my Dad for a bit. I meant to do something all week and haven’t gotten around to it. Maybe just have lunch with him or something?”
Rae liked Molly’s dad. He didn’t seem to care about who her parents were. Plus, she wanted to do this for Molly, for having been so nice to her. “I can do that.”
“Hey Molls?”
“Yeah?”
“Did you… um… did you get what the dean said about my tatù at the dinner?”
“What part? That the guy’s a complete dufus?”
“Well, that’s a given.” She grinned, her stomach fluttering with nervousness. “That he figured out my ability’s kind of like my dad’s?” She waited for a reaction, dreading what she might hear.
“I kinda figured your ink was something bigger, but who cares if you can’t figure it all out now. It’ll come.” She headed toward the door and turned back just before exiting. “Look at what’s changed since I got inked in September. Watch this.” She flicked her fingers and sparks flew and fizzled out. “Maybe I can teach you sometime.” She waved her hand, sparks still flying and leaving small brown burn holes in the white carpet.
Rae sat stunned, staring at the carpet. Wow, she didn’t even need me. At least she isn’t mad at me. But I wonder if she really understands? Rae didn’t know what to think. She only knew that she felt unbelievably grateful that Molly hadn’t turned on her.
When Molly left, Rae called her aunt and uncle. She spoke with them for a bit, glad to hear that they had a white Christmas, something her Aunt adored, but didn’t always get to see. Her uncle never mentioned anything about her tatù. The way Aunt Linda kept chatting over him in the background gave him a good excuse, so she couldn’t blame him…much.
After hanging up, Rae glanced at the clock and realized it was half past twelve. She headed downstairs and into the kitchen. She could hear Molly’s dad tinkering around in the garage connected to the kitchen. Rae went to the fridge and made the two of them some sandwiches and grabbed a couple of bags of crisps and some drinks.
She carried them into the garage. Molly’s dad stood bent over the hood of a perfect looking Porsche.
“Hi, Mr. Skye. I made you some lunch.”
Mr. Skye popped his head up and smiled. “Well, arn’t you a dear!” He walked over to the small sink beside the table Rae had set the sandwiches on. He turned the taps on and washed his hands, which already looked clean. He pulled two stools out from under table and indicated she should sit on one.
They sat in companionable silence for a few minutes, munching on their lunch. Eventually, feeling the need to fill the quiet void, Mr. Skye cleared his throat and said, “Har you enjoyin’ yer year wit Molly?”
Rae smiled, catching the teasing glimmer in his eye. The man obviously knew his daughter’s effect on people. “She keeps things interesting.”
“Oi! That she does. She’s always been interested on the outside stuff, but she’s got a big heart.” He patted the left side of his chest. “An’ if you haven’t seen it yet, give er time and it’ll come through.” He fiddled with a loose thread on his shirt. “Now fer you.”
“Fer…fer me?” Rae’s head started pounding. Now it comes.
He’s going to bring up my folks and tell me to stay clear of trouble.
Tell me to not tempt his daughter with evil.
“Don’t you be frettin’ about the past. It’ll catch up with yer soon enough – when yer ready. You’ve got yer hands full wit yer future. That’s what’s important.” He smiled and winked at her.
All the panic drained out of her with a rush. She had the oddest sense of calm acceptance.
“Uh, thank-you.” Rae didn’t know what else to say. That had probably been the nicest thing an adult, besides the headmaster, had said to her regarding her ability.
“How’re the boys? Are they causing you an’ me Molly trouble?”
Rae giggled. He wanted to have that talk with her. Of course he does! Molly probably had strategically told her dad just enough to not be lying and as a good father, he was hoping for more info from another source. Like my father…like a father should. She stopped giggling; she kind of needed the talk.
“There’re a few boys. None of them cause trouble.” She sighed, not sure how to say anything the right way. She had questions, and she needed guidance, a father’s guidance. She knew she wouldn’t get it from Uncle Argyle or the headmaster. She couldn’t even picture asking anyone else. The pressure and uncertainty built up inside her. Finally, when she realized she couldn’t keep it inside anymore, she blurted, “Mr. Skye what do you think of tatù people dating?” Her faced burned and she wished she could take the words back.
He stood and walked over the Porches and dropped the hood with a resounding bang, making Rae jump and regret that she had said anything. I don’t know this man, he doesn’t know me. Why didn’t I keep my mouth shut? But his words, once he spoke, gave her hope.
“You girls ‘ave it ‘arder than we did. They don’t want you ta be together, an’ yet they stick adolescents in the ‘ame room.” He tsked.
He went around to the driver’s side and sat in the seat, turning the key. Nothing happened. He stood and leaned over the door, flicking his finger at the engine. A thin white and blue line escaped his fingers.
“Jus’ be careful. As I sorta said before, you don’ want yer past to predict yer future. Stay clear of gray areas fer a wee while.”
He wrinkled his nose and sat back down in the driver’s seat to try the key again. This time is purred like a kitten. He shut it off and closed the door.
“Yer young. Have fun an’ just make sure a boy’s interested fer the right reason. Tatù or not.”
Rae decided to take his advice and leave before this happy interlude went south. She picked up the dirty dishes to take back into the house, but paused on the bottom step. “Thanks, Mr. Skye. Molly’s lucky to have a dad like you.”
He chuckled. “I didn’ choose to do something big with my ability. I choose a simple life, but wit a wife who likes to go big. Me girls, Molly and her mum, deserve their castle. I’m the one who’s lucky to ‘ave them. Jus’ do me a favor an’ keep me Molls outta trouble.” Then he added, as if having an afterthought, “An’ keep ‘er away from them boys.”
Rae giggled as she went back into the house, thinking to herself that Molly’s father knew his daughter to the bone.


Chapter 20
Personal Demons

The rest of the Winter break passed slowly with Molly and her mother taking every possible opportunity to drag Rae out shopping to stores which were so far outside of her price range, it felt ludicrous to even walk in the shop’s door. It took some time for Rae to give in, and just enjoy the company.
There were moments when Rae felt like she was looking at a Norman Rockwell painting, watching Molly with her parents. They were disparate parts of the same whole, like puzzle pieces that seemed so different, yet fit together perfectly to make a beautiful picture.
They were so perfect together, and sometimes Rae longed to have that so much it hurt. Molly always seemed to know when Rae fell into a dark mood. She would come and drag her back into the fray, until Rae felt she was no longer on the outside, that she kind of became part of their family. It was an idyllic time, a welcome respite from the stress and pressure of school. Part of her wished it would last forever; the other part couldn’t wait to go back to Guilder, to see Devon, the headmaster and to face the other students.
Eventually, Rae found herself and Molly on a train, heading back to Guilder, the golden times ended. But even with the grim and dreary environment of school, teachers, expectations and the ever-watchful eye of the dean, the one thing life at Guilder wasn’t, was slow.
The first week back at school seemed to pass faster than all three weeks of the Christmas break combined. While on vacation, she had enjoyed the privacy of not having to talk about her tatù. In fact, after having flashed through inks like a cartoon flip book at the Alumni Dinner, Rae realized having had only Molly’s ability for three weeks had been heaven.
In no time, everyone fell back in the swing of things and gossip was abundant. On campus, everywhere she went, Rae heard students talking about her tatù and the alumni dinner. She ignored the whispers, figuring she’d show them what she needed to in the Oratory.
Monday evening, Rae headed down the marble steps and into the library a few minutes ahead of eight. She passed a few seniors sitting at the front of the room. She settled at her usual table with Devon near the back.
She hadn’t chatted with him since before Christmas. Her knees bounced against the underside of the table making it shake noisily, and earning her dark looks from Madame Elpis. She got up and began pacing around the aisles at the back of the room. Rows of books lining the shelves looked like walls.
Rae dropped her head sideways to get a better view of the titles. Most of the books were old leather -bound tomes with gilt printing on the bindings. She touched one, pulling her hand back in surprise. She felt power from the book shift into her. Well that’s new. How could a book have ink power? Well, there was only one way to proceed.
Dropping her hands to her sides, and standing perfectly still, she waited for her gift to show her what power she’d just absorbed. Eyes closed, she focused on the inner hum of her body.
The library grew completely silent – aside from the steady noise of the old ceiling lights and the computers.
The urge to wrinkle and twitch her nose grew strong inside of her. Rae knew the ability she’d just absorbed belonged to a shape-shifter and immediately following the realization, came the knowledge of whose it was. She opened her eyes and sighed. “Gale, I know it’s you.” She tried to peek over top of the books. In her best sing-song voice impersonation of the Shinning, she said, “Come out, come out, wherever you are.”
Laughter erupted from the front of the room. A tiny mouse crawled between two books, one of which Rae had touched. It jumped to the floor.
Within seconds, Gale stood beside her, a sheepish look on her face. “Sorry,” she whispered. “The girls dared me to try it. I hope you’re not mad.” She looked frightened enough to turn back into a mouse.
Rae smiled and laughed, trying her best to show that she was nothing to be scared of. “Here I was thinking some book might actually be a human stuck in the library stacks. I was about to pull the book out to try to free it!”
A small, squeaky laugh erupted from Gale and she hurried back to her friends, giggling the whole way.
“What am I missin’ out on?” Devon’s voice came through the other side of the aisle, behind the books.
Rae peeked through the stacks, disappointed not to sneak a glimpse of the sexy body the voice belonged to.
“Just playing a joke on Kerrigan,” Nadia, one of the twins, called from across the room
“Except she didn’t fall for it,” Gale added. “Figured it out in about five seconds.”
Aidan appeared in the aisle. “I got her once already.” She grinned triumphantly.
“What?” Rae asked, furrowing her brow. “When?”
“The night of your birthday. In the Infirmary.” Aidan’s eyes sparkled. “I sneaked outside your window and tossed you some crazy dreams.”
“That was you?”
“Yeah, ‘til you rolled out of bed faster than the wind and stared right at me. I took off running, positive you had caught me.” She giggled. “You never ratted me out. I thought that was cool of you.”
Rae thought back to the night. All of it had been strange. “I remember waking and jumping out of bed. I freaked at my own reflection. Never saw you.” Aidan winked. “Gotchya.”
Devon leaned over Rae’s shoulder, his hand wonderfully warm on her arm. “I’d watch it. From what I’ve heard, payback’s a bitch.” His smug smile backed up his words, making Rae wonder what he was thinking.
That wiped the silly smirk off Aidan’s face. Worried eyes glanced at Rae. “Sorry. I won’t ever do it again.”
Rae couldn’t help grinning, even though she hated the nervous tension in Aidan’s voice. “No worries.”
“I-I’ll leave you guys to get some work done. We won’t bug you again.”
“Happy New Year,” Rae called out as they headed to their table, hoping she could do a tiny bit of damage control.
The girls mumbled a reply and turned back to their books.
“Sorry I haven’t had a chance to catch up with you.” Devon sat down across from her. “Things were just really busy at home. Now, it seems, just as busy here.”
“Is it your mom?”
“Nah, Mom’s doing great. Her cast came off last week. She’s wearing one of those air casts now which she can walk on and take off to shower. She’s in heaven.” Devon let out a long breath. “My father’s putting me through hell. He’s hounding me to get my applications in order for university.”
Rae’s heart stopped. She’d never considered Devon wouldn’t be here next year. She’d kind of hoped he might stick around and, if she had the courage to ask, maybe mentor her more.
“Where’s your dad pushing you to go?” Hopefully really close by.
“Cambridge. It’s his alma mater. For having a tatù, it isn’t much help in deciding what to do. I was sort of thinking about some kind of spy work for the government, maybe the Privy Council. My dad disagrees. He seems to think I don’t have what it takes.” Devon looked dejected for a moment, but quickly cleared the expression from his face. “It was just a long holiday break, and I’m happy to be back again.”
“Me, too.” Rae blushed realizing how it sounded. “I didn’t mean I was happy to have you back, I just meant it felt like a long break, and I was happy. To be back. At school.” She shook her head, wishing she had Molly’s mouth at the moment. Because I sound lame. “How’s Beth?”
“Beth?” Devon looked like he’d forgotten his girlfriend for a moment. “Oh, Beth! She’s good, I think. I haven’t spoken to her since the first week of Christmas break.” He reached over and grabbed a couple of books from the stack and flipped through one. “We broke up.”
He said it so quietly, Rae wasn’t sure she’d heard him correctly. “Oh.” Maybe he broke up with her? Yay! Or did she dump him and he was totally depressed? Poor Devon! Rae didn’t say anything else, but she harbored a tiny twinge of guilt when she realized she was suddenly in an awesome mood.
“My dad said you were the talk of the alumni dinner.” Devon’s soft brown eyes met hers. “Seems Dean Carter put you center stage.”
Rae cringed at the memory. The entire night seemed like a bad dream now – from Dean Carter to Riley’s attempted kiss. In fact, she wished it had all been one of Aidan’s creations. But, lucky her, it had all been real.
“Let’s just say I’ve no plans to attend next year,” Rae said firmly. “I’ve done my time.”
Devon laughed and held his hands up front of him. “I won’t bring it up again! I promise! Let’s try and get some work done then, shall we?”
He pulled a folder from his bag. Inside were newspaper clippings. He slid the file to her and opened the cover.
Rae looked at the black and white photo on the first page, instantly realizing it was of the fire that had burned her house down and killed her parents. She read the caption: FIRE KILLS TWO. MIRACLE CHILD SAVED.
Leaning forward, she read the article.
A combustible, deadly fire took the lives of two people: Simon and Bethney Kerrigan. Their remains were found inside their smoldering house. The cause of the fire has yet to be determined; firefighters are not ruling out foul play. Miraculously, their six–year-old daughter was found unharmed in the tree house in the yard. All trees surrounding were singed. However, the tree house mysteriously had no fire damage. Investigators are still trying to determine if she was inside the house when the fire began or if she may have seen anything that might explain the cause of the fire. The fire did not spread to any neighboring houses. The investigation continues.
Rae glanced at Devon. He nodded and turned the page to the next clipping.
SIMON KERRIGAN killed. Murder or Mistake? The man that many have come to fear and believed to be invincible is gone. His remains were located among the fire debris of his house. His wife, Bethney Kerrigan, who also died, was discovered beside him. Their daughter was found unharmed. Investigators are trying to determine the cause of the fire – possibly a mistake made by Simon or by another source outside the home.
Simon’s business associates are devastated. For this reporter, I will sleep better at night knowing Simon Kerrigan is gone. He will no longer be a threat to any of our kind or the rest of the world. Many of our readers will feel the same as I do. Let’s all hope the Kerrigan daughter has the gift of her mother, not the malevolence of her father. The six -year -old’s only living relative is Argyle McBane; his whereabouts are currently unknown.
Rae looked up, slightly confused. The second article didn’t come from a typical newspaper. It seemed pretty bold to think, let alone put down on paper that her father was the boogieman. Yet, it told her little more than what she already knew. The difference here, was that it made her feel protective about her family, flawed as it was. It still felt like her personal loss, no one else’s, she greatly disliked having anyone else comment on it, especially with the tone this article had projected. Devon seemed to read some of her thoughts. “The first article’s from the local paper. The second article is from our newspaper.”
“You mean, those who are inked?” She blinked several times, trying to absorb what Devon meant. It was difficult to accept, even though she knew it was true. People had actually feared or hated her father, and even after his death, they didn’t put much confidence in her future. They were passing the gauntlet from him straight down to her, had done so in fact, before she was ever inked. Her need to defend herself, her life, her family, both dead and alive, and her tatù grew stronger. Just a reflex, she told herself, but felt like she’d still been actively attacked. It had felt that way for a long time, and had only been growing worse. I’ve been naïve all this time to think I’d ever fit in here. She might be one of them, but she would never belong. They’ll never accept me.
She played with the zipper on her backpack. “You know, I wish I hadn’t been born. Or maybe had a brother to carry this load instead of me. It would’ve been better if it just skipped over me.”
“You don’t mean that.” Devon looked horrified. He took her hand in both of his.
“When Lanford told me you were coming, know what he said?” He squeezed her hand before releasing it. “He said you were coming to this school because of how special you are. He said you were going to need this tatù like the river needs the sea. And it would need you like the sea needs the river to survive.”
“Sounds like Lanford’s been having conversations with my uncle.” Rae couldn’t keep the sarcasm out of her voice.
Devon pressed on. “You can’t bury it deep inside and pretend it doesn’t exist. The sooner you realize that and accept it, the easier life will be.”
Rae scoffed. “Easier? You’ve no idea what it’s like to be me! Did you have newspaper articles written about you? Or an entire school and fraternity of gifted people leery of your tatù, watching your every step, suspicious of everything about you waiting for you to turn into a monster?” She ticked each point off on her fingers, her voice rising with each point. “I don’t know who my real friends are. I have an uncle who never told me the truth and a mother who wrote me a letter before she killed my father! Don’t even let me get started on my evil so-called evil father. I don’t even know if the school has me here to help me, or so they can try to protect their own asses from what I might become!” She rolled her eyes. “Sure, this ink’s awesome. I can do such wonderful things. All I need is a little group of adoring psychopaths following me around so I can mimic their abilities.” She stood, tossing the articles back at him. “How would you feel if people shrank away in fear of you and you’d done nothing wrong? Don’t give me some river-sea metaphor and try to make me feel all better – it isn’t going to change anything!”
Rae grabbed her bag and threw it over her shoulder, storming out of the library, not caring that four senior girls were staring at her, mouths hanging open. If she’d given it a second thought, she’d have given them all the bird. Too bad she didn’t notice anything outside of her inner pain.
A big part of her hoped Devon would come running after her to tell her everything was going to be all right. Rae snorted. Devon compared her to a river yet she was bloody drowning.
She stomped up the marble stairs, pissed that the marble absorbed her heavy stomps instead of making loud echoes. She wanted her angry stomps to boom like thunder through the air, because it would match her anger and her pain. She headed straight for her room, slammed the door and dropped onto her bed, punching the wall in anger. The lights flickered out.
After that night, Rae avoided Devon. It started out with her just wanting some space for a couple of days, but turned into a few weeks. Devon made no effort to try to talk to her, not even to set up further tutoring sessions, which adversely made her more determined to avoid him.
She spent a month being angry, not just at him, but at herself and the situation she’d been born into. If her stupid dad hadn’t married her mom, or if they’d had a boy first or even after her, she might never have been put in this position. Nobody would be mean, nobody would blame her for her father’s screwed up mind, she’d be…normal; an average teenager, concerned with nothing but school and boys.
She wore her self-pity like a cloak, refusing to admit it to anyone. It was easier to pretend to be hard, pretend she didn’t notice the other students avoiding her or moving out of her reach so she couldn’t touch them.
Some of the guys didn’t seem to mind this tough, wild Rae. In fact, she constantly got asked out for lunch, or for a drive, or to the movies. She said yes to everyone. It was better than sitting in her dorm room feeling sorry for herself. Since she couldn’t avoid it, she might as well enjoy the popularity of being the freak.
Her grades started slipping, but she didn’t care. She was tired of trying so hard. What good was a 4.0 GPA if people judged her by her family’s past without getting to know her at all? Things were spiraling out of control. She knew it, but had nothing to reach for to save herself.
After Oratory class near the end of March, Lanford asked her to stay behind.
“I’ll meet you in the room,” Rae said to Molly and rolled her eyes toward the headmaster.
“Sounds good. I’ll get one of the guys to drive us into town for dinner.” Molly headed out the door.
Rae turned, tapping her foot so it squeaked against the marble floor.
“How are things going?” Lanford pulled on his earlobe and then patted his awful hair.
“Fine. Things are grand.” How’re things for you, Headmaster Lanford? Having problems now that your star pupil isn’t so shiny?
“Are you sure?” He squinted at her. “Your grades aren’t looking so grand.”
Figures he’d feel the need to sit down and have a fatherly talk. She shifted her weight to her other foot and began putting her coat on. “The courses are harder this term. I’m trying to focus on learning more about my ink.”
He scrunched his nose and lifted his head to stare at her from his bifocals. “You’re a bright girl. I don’t understand what you’re trying to do to yourself.” He took his glasses off and began to clean them. “Being like this isn’t going to make your tatù go away. Nothing can do that.”
Rae stopped zipping her jacket. He’d hit the nail on the head, something no one else had even tried to do. It didn’t mean that she was ready to go all mushy and have a heart-to-heart though.
She sighed and crossed her arms. “I don’t want it to go away. I’d like to learn how to use it more effectively. You know, for the good of the school and the good of mankind.” Blah, blah, blah and blah.
“My dear,” Lanford put his glasses back on their perch. “You can’t undo the past.”
Rae’s breath caught. She finished the phrase inside her head: the sins of the father are the sins of the son, or in this case, the daughter.
“Are you listening to me?”
Eyes wide, she stared at the headmaster. All the anger and bitterness suddenly drained out of her, and the only emotion left behind was defeat. She started to cry. Embarrassed, she hid her face in her hands. “I-I’m s-sorry,” she gulped.
“You don’t need to be sorry,” he said kindly. “I think you just need to let it out.” He looked at her so kindly, without pity. She knew this man meant her no harm. He deserved better than just silence from her.
Rae took several slow, deep breathes and then let her thoughts out. “My mom warned me about my dad’s demons. I…I wish I could change the past. Go back and make things right…fix my dad’s mistakes. Make people stop looking at me like I’m a freak. That’s what I’d hoped to do with my tatù, when I realized what I could do. I’d hoped to erase the fear and suspicion, to make everyone forget about my parents.”
Lanford put his hands on Rae’s shoulders and forced her to face him. “Don’t ever be sorry for who you are, or who your parents were. Your father was brilliant and talented, despite his dark ways and your mother was a wonderful woman who sacrificed everything so you could have a better life, a better chance. That’s an amazing gift.”
“Yeah, and I’m screwing it all up!”
Lanford shook his head. “You’ve all this talent, and trust me, my dear, you haven’t even begun to scratch the surface of it. After this term, you’ve another year at Guilder. Think about what you’re going to learn and be able to do. Look at the students in class with you. Think how talented the senior boys seem by comparison. You can already do more than them. I look forward to watching you grow.” He paused then gave her a hug, his goofy combover falling across his forehead. “Get rid of the baggage in your head and start concentrating on your classes. And, in this room, show everyone you are Rae Kerrigan, more than just a madman’s legacy!”
Rae wiped the remaining tears from her cheeks and smiled at the headmaster. She didn’t want to be constantly compared to her dad. She knew Lanford was right, she needed to let it go in order to be what she was meant to be, and she desperately wanted to be rid of her father’s dark shadow. She whispered, “I’d like that.”
He patted her on the shoulder, pushing her toward the door. “Oh, and ask Devon to start tutoring you again.” He shook a finger at her. “I told you at the beginning of the year you’d do well to stick by that boy.”
Rae nodded, but said nothing. Apologizing to Devon was going to take some serious groveling and she didn’t quite know where to start. She headed out of the Oratory to meet Molly, who was waiting, impatiently, outside the dorm.
“What took so long? Lanford ask you to teach him something?” Molly stood, hands on her hips. .
“Something like that.” Rae smiled a real smile, realizing how wonderful it felt to do so after being angry and hurt for so long.
The two girls walked over to Joist House. They headed up the marble stairs, and as they reached the top, Rae made a quick decision.
“Molls, can you get Julian? I need to ask Devon something.”
Molly raised her eyebrows, but didn’t say anything. She nodded and headed down the hall. Rae wiped sweaty palms on her jeans and lightly tapped Devon’s door.
“Andy, I already told you I’m not going with you guys.”
Devon shouted from behind the door. “Leave me alone!”
She wasn’t sure he’d be any happier to see she wasn’t Andy, but Rae knocked harder anyway. She jumped back when Devon swung the door open, looking ready to cuss her out.
His eyes widened and his body language changed completely when he saw her. “What’re you doing here?”
Rae froze. She hadn’t planned any of this. It’d all been spur of the moment. She knew she needed to say the right words, to truly apologize to him, but at the moment she had nothing but scattered thoughts banging around her head. So she said the first thing that came to mind. “I was wondering if you wanted to head into town for dinner with me, Molly and Julian.” She tried to swallow, but her mouth had turned completely dry.
“Dinner?” He sounded and looked dumbfounded, as if the word itself didn’t make any sense coming from her.
“You know, we go to a restaurant, we order some food, the waitress brings it out, we eat it and then we pay the bill?” She realized sounded exactly like Molly. “Crap, that’s not what I meant!” She stomped her foot. “I’m trying to apologize. I’m just really lousy at it.”
Devon laughed. She wondered how much he enjoyed seeing her at odds with herself, but in the end, he must have decided to put her out of her misery. “Friends?” He smiled, his dimple winking at her from his cheek.
Rae’s heart melted, like it always did when his dimple made an appearance. “Hard as this is, I’m offering a free dinner to show how sincere I am.”
“FREE dinner?” He leaned behind his door. “Heck yeah! Let me grab my coat! I can hear Molly at the stairs complaining you’re taking too long.”
She reached out and grabbed his hand, mimicking his ink. He stared at her, surprised by the contact.
“Sorry, just need to borrow that great hearing of yours for a moment so I can hear what Molly’s saying.” She smiled mischievously, squeezing his hand before releasing it. “Then I can call her on it later.”
Devon’s smile widened slowly, as if he enjoyed soaking in the playful mood in the air. “Sounds good.” He shut his door. “I’m suddenly starving.”
Rae knew him better than that. “Starving because dinner’s on me?”
“You got it, fairy-girl.”


Chapter 21
Deceived

Rae laughed so hard through dinner her cheeks and stomach muscles hurt. It felt good to let go of the cloud that had been hanging over her. Dinner and ice cream dessert were both a riot, and the evening was over way before Rae wanted to head back to Guilder.
Julian pulled his Jaguar into the student parking lot, and the four of them walked toward Aumbry House together.
“I hate to call it a night,” Rae moaned, sandwiched between Molly and Devon, “but I’ve some major catching up to do. If I don’t start studying, I’m going to need a real tutor.” She elbowed Devon.
“We still up for a session this week?” Devon shoved his hands into his coat pockets.
“Definitely,” Rae replied.
Molly shouldered Rae. “Let’s go in. It’s freezing.”
As they turned to go, Julian touched Rae’s arm. “Do you have an extra moment? Can I show you something?”
“Sure. Anything wrong?” Rae watched Molly head to the warmth inside.
“I don’t think so, but I had a vision the other day. I’ve been trying to figure it out. As usual, I’m lousy at it.” He paused then quickly added, “I think it has something to do with you.” He pulled a sheet of folded paper out of his coat and handed it to her.
Rae opened it, her body shaking from the cool evening air.
The picture had been drawn in some type of charcoal or pencil. A circle lay in the center with a fairy sketched inside. Dark ghost-like figures were around the circle with an eye looking down on the sketch. The detail and tone reeked of something dark and scary.
She studied the paper for a few moments. Then realization hit her and she grinned. “When did you say you drew this?”
“Two mornings ago.” Julian pulled on his ponytail. “Does it make sense to you? It’s so freakin’ frustrating when I can’t figure out my own visions. I feel like a flippin’ book sometimes: my drawings are foreshadowing bits and the reader doesn’t realize it until they finish the rest of the story, only…I’m the reader!” He shook his head. “I figured if I showed you and maybe touched you so you could mimic my ink…well, maybe you could read into it somehow, figure it out.”
“Oh, I know what it means.” She blushed, despite the cold. “I’ve been going through a bit of a rough patch. I had a little – well, more like a lot – of self-pity. Angry at myself, at my tatù and at my family’s past.” She pointed at the picture. “This shows me fighting my own personal demons. The eye is probably Lanford. We talked today after class in the Oratory, and he kind of straightened me out. Maybe this vision came from Headmaster Lanford. You know, him seeing me and being worried about what was happening to me?”
Relief flooded Julian’s face. “My ability’s pretty difficult to read. I get these visions, and sometimes they’re insignificant and other times they’re huge. I’m still learning how to read them. Guilder and the Privy Council really want to work with me to learn to figure them out.” He zipped his coat tighter. “Originally, I’d draw stuff that was going to happen, but things now seem to be evolving and my head’s flooded with stuff.”
“It sounds very challenging.” Rae felt bad for him, but also glad she wasn’t alone in her own personal frustrations.
He gave her a quick, friendly hug. “I’m just dumping my problems on you. Everyone here has them. None of us are perfect.”
She grinned. “I’m glad you might come back next year. Maybe I can help you a bit with your ability.” She shrugged, totally embarrassed by her own words. Like this guy needs my help. You’re such and idiot sometimes, Rae! “I doubt I’ll figure out anything, but if I tried to mimic your tatù, maybe we could figure out some stuff together.”
“Great idea. It’s definitely worth a try. It’s not like I have anything to lose.”
“Let’s get together sometime after the spring dance. Like, when it’s warmer.” She stomped her feet, trying to stop the chills.
“Sounds good.” He turned to go. “Thanks again for helping me with this vision. I’m glad it didn’t turn out to be something terrible.”
“Me, too. Have a good night.” Rae folded and handed the charcoal drawing back to Julian.
He waved his hand. “Keep it. Hang it on your bulletin board beside the other one.” He winked. “As a reminder you need to stay away from demons.” He laughed and headed toward Joist House.
The next few weeks, Rae felt like a squirrel that’d been holed up for the winter, coming out for spring with a to-do list. She spent the time leading up to the dance working on incomplete assignments, studying and catching up. Thank goodness all her teachers were willing to work with her and she took advantage of the sympathetic looks, promising to hand in reports and labs as soon as she could. She continued meeting with Devon and focused on strengthening their friendship. With the back-log of work and keeping up with current class homework, she didn’t have much time for distractions, but her time with Devon was something she wasn’t willing to give up.
For the spring dance, Rae asked Molly to help her find something to wear. Molly spent an entire weekend dragging Rae through endless shops until she found the perfect one. It was a two-piece dress in a lovely pastel, and in different shades of green ranging from light to emerald. The skirt was silk with layers of chiffon. It rested just above her knees. The matching top had been designed a few shades lighter, with simple straps.
“The best part,” Molly said, holding the two pieces together against Rae, “is if you lean forward, your tatù is going to show.”
Hopefully Beth will see it then. Rae snorted, surprised at her own thoughts.
Molly hit her on the back. “You okay?”
Rae pretended to cough. “F-Fine.”
Rae finally asked Lanford to help her figure out how she could mimic abilities. He didn’t seem surprised by her request but actually, quite pleased. Everyone at the school knew what she could do now, but no one had approached her or asked for help. Lanford promised to make things interesting.
Classes in the Oratory took on a new twist – He would instruct Rae to touch a student and mimic their ability. Together, they would try to see if there was a hidden part of the tatù that the other student might not have realized yet. Each tatù seemed molded to the personality and physical attributes of the person possessing it. Most often, Rae could pick up a small talent or ability the other hadn’t noticed, or vice versa. Rae loved the challenges, and some of the students who’d been shy around her began to warm up to her and feel more comfortable. There were still students who refused to touch Rae. She would occasionally catch Headmaster Lanford looking frustrated by the unwillingness of the students to cooperate, but he never pushed or forced any student to work with her. She and the other students respected him for it.
Dean Carter stood in during several of their classes, watching all the students intently, taking notes in a black leather journal he carried with him. Rae tried her best to ignore him when he came around and then avoided him after class. Ironically, he seemed to be staying away from her now, as well.
However, she knew from experience that Dean Carter was anything but predictable. So she wasn’t entirely surprised when after Friday’s class while she zipped shut her backpack, Carter came to speak to her.
“Ms Kerrigan, nice job again today. It’s interesting to see how you’re able to teach others to use their abilities more precisely. Your father was never able to show others how to improve their skills. He kept the advancements to himself.” He made a note in his little black book and turned on his heel.
Rae watched him leave, her mouth gaping open. Had he actually just paid her a compliment? And what did he know about her father? He acted as if he’d personally been with her father and shared his skill, despite the fact that she and Devon had found no connection in their research. But then, so much was secret and unknown. No one could really say who had been a part of it and who hadn’t. The thought made her stomach turn. The loser probably was her dad’s biggest fan. Like the kind of groupie that kept scrapbooks and freaky stuff from serial killers in prison. Rae shuddered at the thought. Thankfully, Molly yelled for her to hurry up and all thoughts of the dean were pushed aside.
Molly said she needed Maria’s help to get Rae’s hair done for Saturday evening, which made her curious. But it wasn’t until the morning of the dance, when Molly pinned a poster of Tinker Bell beside the mirror, determined to create an exact copy that Rae began to get nervous.
“I’m jumping in the shower before you get to work,” Rae said after they’d come back from breakfast. She ran out the door before Molly could stop her.
She needed a moment to herself, knowing that having both Molly and Maria touching her at the same time was going to be chaotic at best. The few minutes of peace with the running shower faucet turned out to be short lived.
“Rae Kerrigan!” Molly shouted, the heavy wooden bathroom door slamming shut perfectly timed against her yell. The noise echoed off the tiled bathroom walls. “Get out of the shower! I have the perfect idea for your hair tonight. Are you willing to walk to on the wild side?”
Rae shut the taps off and peered around the curtain. “What do you have in mind?” She did feel a bit edgy this morning. Maybe she could be up for whatever Molly had in store.
Molly held up a hair coloring kit and pointed at it. “I’m going to give you blond highlights.”
Rae stared at her roommate and played with a wet, dark lock. Would Devon notice? Wait… would BETH notice? Rae grinned, unable to contain her glee at the possibility of making Devon’s ex jealous. Her face took on a wicked and playful expression. “I’m in.”
Molly blow dried Rae’s hair and then went to work. They sang along to Molly’s iPod and Maria came in to help and speed the process up. After jumping in the shower again to wash everything, Rae patiently let Molly blow dry her hair. The large chunks of blonde blended almost magically with her dark, curly hair. Molly had left the bottom back part dark, saying it would look totally awesome when Rae put her hair in a ponytail.
“It’s amazing, Molls.” Rae couldn’t stop staring at herself in the mirror, loving what she saw.
“I told you it would totally suit you.” Molly grinned before bending over and grabbing a bunch of stuff out of her bag. She dumped hundreds of different bits and pieces of hair things and ordered Maria to grab the Tinkerbelle poster and hang it up in the bathroom instead. Maria winked at Rae and then disappeared down the hall to their room. She was back moments later and waited for Molly’s next command. Rae heard Maria giggling inside her head and had to avert to her eyes to avoid bursting out laughing. Molly had done a fantastic job coloring but didn’t, for one moment, stop talking.
“You planned this all, didn’t you?” Rae asked two hours later, trying to sit still as a pin poked her scalp. They’d all dressed and were just finishing up with their hair.
“Ob coursthe.” Molly said with a mouth full of hair pins.
Rae grinned, actually excited about going to the dance. “You’re one very imaginative girl, Molly Skye, and I’m glad we got to room together this year.”
“Me, too, but I have to admit I’m looking forward to moving upstairs next year and having my own room. You talk a lot in your sleep.”
“You snore like a wood chipper.”
“I do not.” Molly put her hands on her hips. “…Do I?”
Before Rae could answer back, Madame Elpis shouted up the stairs that it was time to get moving. The guys’ bus had already left ten minutes ago and many of the seniors were driving their own cars. Molly added a few more pins to Rae’s head and gave a single sweep to her always perfect looking hair. Then the girls headed down the marble stairs.
The drive to Roe Hampton took about twenty minutes. The girls were giddy by the time they arrived, and were giggling when they walked into Roe Hampton’s gymnasium.
“Ladies, you arrive at last.” Andy spread his arms out to greet them. All the senior boys had dressed in tuxedos. Andy wore a polka-dot bow-tie.
“Nice dickiebow,” Haley snorted.
Rae glanced around the room for Devon. She spotted him talking to Beth, and her light mood of the moment before was instantly dark. She strained to hear what they were talking about, but could barely make out their conversation over the music. Beth looked beautiful and mature, in a Victorian-style dress. Rae suddenly felt very childish in her Tinker Bell outfit. It felt more like a silly costume now.
“Why the long face?” Riley stood beside her. “Dance with me and let me put a smile there.” He took Rae’s arm and, without waiting for a response, led her to the dance floor. “You’re gorgeous tonight, as you are every night. But I really like the hair.” He pulled a blonde curl and watched it bounce back into place.
“Thanks,” Rae muttered when they started to dance. Her plan had been to make Devon see her differently, but he couldn’t be bothered to even glance her way. She remained quiet for the rest of the song and let Riley ramble on, barely paying attention to what he said. She did refocus when she heard Riley mention Devon’s name.
“Crazy Dev…Hard to believe, isn’t it?” Riley quipped.
“Pardon? What did you say?”
“I said, It’s nice to see Devon and Beth together again. They’re on the dance floor all cozy and lost in each other’s eyes. It’s hard to believe, isn’t it?”
“I hadn’t heard they were back together.” Rae felt sick to her stomach. After the past few months of her rebel phase, she hadn’t paid any attention to what was going on with Devon. If it didn’t involve her grades, assignments or the two of them together, she hadn’t bothered to ask or care. Why had she focused so hard on their friendship? She really liked the guy but had never stood a chance with him romantically and she hated herself for not realizing it sooner. The bitterness of disappointment churned in her stomach and the blood drained from her head.
“You all right?” Riley stopped dancing and stared at her with concern. His cheetah tatù making her feel even dizzier. “You look a little green. Do you feel sick?” He took a slight step back, but held onto her wrists.
“A little…” She suddenly felt like this was the last place on earth she wanted to be. What a stupid idea this was.
“Do you need some punch?” He glanced over at Devon then back at her. “Or do you want to go back to Guilder? I have my car and can drive you home.”
“I don’t want you to miss the dance,” she argued weakly. “Don’t worry. Let me drive you back, and I can head back here after I know you’re all right. Just say the word.” Riley squeezed her wrist.
Going back to the dorm sounded better than staying here watching Devon and Beth fall back in love. She’d vomit all over the dance floor if she had to watch that.
She stared across the room one last time, silently begging Devon to turn her way. Instead, she felt the bracelet he’d given her slip off her wrist, like a sign telling her to give up. She bent down to pick it up, and heard gasps behind her. Remembering her outfit had been designed to show off her tatù if she bent over, she straightened as fast as she could and pulled the back of her top down with lightning speed. She could hear the whispers from the Roe Hampton girls and saw Beth, a smug look on her face, lean over to whisper to a surprised Devon. Rae grabbed Riley’s arm, not paying any attention to the smirk on his face.
“Let’s go.” She pulled him toward the exit.
“Hold up.” Riley stopped just outside. “I gotta tell Molly I’m bringing you back. If any of the professors ask, Molly can explain.”
The fresh air offered nothing to cool her burning face. She could feel a headache starting at the back of her head, creeping its way to the front. Riley raced back out of the large metal doors and helped her into his car. She sat in the passenger seat and covered her face with her hands as he drove.
Rae didn’t glance up until she felt the car roll to a stop and felt the car rock when Riley got out. She lifted her head, and had to blink, surprised to see they were parked in front of the Main Building. Riley opened her door to help her out.
“What’re we doing here? Are the gates locked or something?” Rae tried to focus, the headache putting dots in front of her vision.
“No. Dean Carter asked me to bring you here.” Riley’s answer came out curt.
“Carter?” Just freakin’ great! What a topper to a screwed up evening.
Riley grabbed her hand and pulled her toward the building door, kicking it open with his foot.
“Let go!” She tried to shaking her arm free. “Riley, you’re hurting me. I don’t want to see Dean Carter tonight. I just want to go back to my room.”
“Sorry, but you need to see the dean. Right now.” Riley continued to pull her up the stairs.
Too ticked to resist him, she jerked her arm free. “Fine, but this had better be quick.” She stomped up the stairs, passing Riley and barging into the dean’s office. She didn’t even bother to knock. She was too angry to worry about being polite.
Dean Carter stood leaning against his desk. He’d been checking his watch. He smiled when he saw Rae and Riley come into the room.
“Well done,” he said, clapping his hands slowly, making her head ache with each loud, percussive clap.
Rae opened her mouth and then glanced at Riley.
“Thanks.” Riley puffed his chest. “It was easy. I just told Kerrigan the Wardell boy was back with his old Roe Hampton bit-girl. Kerrigan fell for it.” He snickered. “She hesitated, but I slipped the stupid bracelet he bought her off her wrist. Suddenly, she was more determined than me to leave. She feigned being sick, and now the entire school thinks I’m taking her back to her dorm room.” His face and shoulders bunched in excitement. Rae felt nauseous when she realized how easily she had been tricked.
“Fine.” Carter flipped his wrist to dismiss Riley. “Go to Rae’s dorm room. Make her bed look like it’s been slept in and then grab her backpack and throw some clothes in it. Make it look like she’s gone somewhere purposely. Then go back to the dance and let everyone know, especially Lanford, that she’s resting.”
“Yes, sir.” Riley turned and headed out of the room, closing the door behind him.
Rae watched Riley leave. She was completely shocked at what had just occurred, but the pieces all slid into place in her mind. This had been planned. Dean Carter wanted to be alone with her. For what reason?
She turned to eye him cautiously, jerking back in surprise when she found his face hovered only inches away from hers.
Great…what do I do now?


Chapter 22
Destiny

“What do you want from me?” Rae whispered, taking another step back.
Dean Carter grabbed Rae’s arm. Instantly visions of his life began appearing behind her eyelids as if she were watching them live. She stood frozen. She couldn’t have moved if she wanted to.
She saw a younger version of the dean, in this very room, standing with her father, making a pact to screw the greater good of mankind. Another vision popped in to show Dean Carter and her father, a few years older, arguing. It became clear that Simon intended to use his ability to make them more than just powerful – to run the British government and let the world know about the abilities their tatùs gave them. They were going to terrify the world; force everyone to follow them, for their own safety and protection, they mocked.
The visions stopped. Shocked, Rae stared, open mouthed, at Dean Carter. “You worked with my father?”
The Dean straightened as if he’d been slapped. “I was once your father’s friend. Things changed.”
“Whatever.” Rae let her eyes slide toward the closed door and took a step toward it.
“No, my dear,” Dean Carter said. “You aren’t going anywhere for a bit.” He moved around her and blocked the entrance.
Rae shook her head. This can’t be happening.
The dean leaned in closer, his breath hot against her face, making her shudder. “You know, I’m not the bad guy. I’m the one actually on your side. We need to get you somewhere safe.”
“Out of this room and away from you seems my safest option.” Rae clenched her teeth, thinking back over the evening. “You had Riley trick and drag me out of the dance and –”
“Something’s going to happen tonight. The Privy Council believes you are in danger. Riley wants a job, so he’s willing to do anything it takes.”
“Riley’s an idiot.” And so are you if you think I’m going to believe you.
“I’ll explain things better once we get you away from here. My car’s in the parking lot.” He opened the door and turned around to motion at Rae with his hand. “Come on now. We haven’t much time.”
Rae opened her mouth to protest but not get further than the “O” shape of her mouth. A large piece of wood rose above the dean’s head and came crashing down on the top of it. He crumpled to the ground and slumped forward.
With wide eyes, Rae watched a familiar looking cane push the dean’s arm out of the way. Headmaster Lanford appeared in the door way, out of breath.
“A-Are you a-all right?” He took one look at her and tapped his cane against the ground. “What did he say to you?”
Rae glanced from the motionless dean to the headmaster and back down again. “Nothing. But I think you need to call the cops.” She scurried around to his side, avoiding all contact with the dean’s prone form.
Lanford slipped his arm around her and with an iron grip, pulled her across the waiting area. “I’m glad I got here in time.”
“Thank goodness.” Rae reached for the handle of the exit door when they came to it.
“No, dear.” The headmaster pulled her closer to him, his hand covered in the material of his jacket. He didn’t seem to want to touch her. “We need to let them think you’ve left but the safest place is through that door.” He pointed to an ancient looking oak door that obviously led to the other tower room. “Let’s get you in there and I’ll explain everything.”
He opened the door and led Rae through. The room was round like the dean’s office, but about four stories high with no windows except near the top. Round with nothing in it but a flat screen TV hooked up to a laptop on a very small table.
Rae walked over the rough, cobbled floor to the laptop.
“What’s this for?”
“Move back a bit and I’ll show you.” The headmaster stood behind her.
Rae pressed back against the wall so Lanford could get by. He stood in front, facing her. “Let’s get this sorted.” He lifted his arm and flicked his hand.
Rae jumped when a pair of cold clamps locked around her wrist. She started down in surprise. “What the --?”
Confused, Rae watched as an evil grin split Lanford’s face, transforming him completely from the kind and protective man she thought she had come to know, into a total stranger. This scary figure made her heart race with fear. It reminded her of… her father. Before she had the chance to even raise her arms to protect herself, Lanford used his tatù to slam her back against the wall, cracking her head against the rough, ancient brick. She blacked out.
When she came to, her head throbbing like a bass drum, she reached to rub the back of her head, only to realize her hand couldn’t get her arms that far. She’d been shackled with metal chains screwed into the wall on the other side of the room. Lanford sat close by, doing his typical invisible chair routine.
“What’re you doing?” Rae blinked trying to clear her head. “You’re on my side. The dean’s the one…” She paused remembering him saying that he wasn’t the bad guy. Her brain rushed to bring back all the encounters she’d had with the dean and Lanford, seeing everything in a new light. Her head felt as if it were spinning, and not from the lump on the back of her head.
Something inside the headmaster changed. His face scrunched and he glared at her. “I’ve been at this bloody school longer than one man should have to. I helped your father as a student and what does he do? He turns his back on me. Leaves me here to rot with promises that he’ll come back.” Lanford’s mouth pressed tight and he shook his head. “We devised a plan and what happens? He goes and gets himself killed.”
“My mother—”
Lanford lunged forward off his perch shouting “Your mother ruined everything!” He took a deep breath, then two, calming himself and patting his riotous combover. Lanford carefully straightened his waistcoat and said with incongruent calm, “But now I have you…someone with your father’s ability.”
Rae couldn’t wrap her head around the idea that this man she had trusted had been deceiving her all this time, yet it was true. The cold metal chains were irrefutable truth. “You can’t keep me locked up in here. People are looking for me.”
The headmaster tsked. “No one’s going to look tonight. Your roommate will think you’re with Riley and, by tomorrow, it won’t matter as I’ll have you convinced to work with me.” He smiled wickedly, his combover falling out of place. He looked like he’d gone mad. From Dr. Jekyll to Mr. Hyde…
“Your father and I devised this intriguing plan before he died. Now, you will help me complete HOC.”
“HOC? What, is that some file or something?” Rae shook her head. “I’ll never help you finish something my father started.” Rae pulled herself from off the ground. “You can go screw yourself!”
The headmaster slapped her face with a gust of air, not touching her with his hand. He smirked and stayed out of her reach, making it impossible for her to fight back or protect herself. In an oddly sing-song voice, Lanford continued talking as if they were politely discussing the weather. “You have your father’s impatience. He killed many good men too quickly because of that little angry streak of his. That’s something we’ll have to remedy in you.” Lanford checked his watch and then straightened his jacket and tie.
“I need to make an appearance at the dance, so I’ll leave you.” Rae started to retort, but Lanford held up a hand, pushing air directly at her face, causing her body to instinctively react, closing off her airways. She doubled over trying to force her lungs to take in oxygen. He continued talking as if they were having a normal conversation. “Don’t worry. I shall return in a short while. In the meantime, watch the videos and take mental notes. These are skills I’ll be requiring of you. Watch it, and listen closely.”
Frustration and anger roiled inside of her. She felt guilty, for having suspected the dean all this time, when really the danger had been much closer to her. She remembered her meeting with the dean in his tower office at the beginning of the school year. “I’ll get out of here. These rooms are round and you’re…the devil. You can’t trap me in a corner,” she hissed.
Lanford laughed at her. “Kerrigan, you’re already trapped. What’re you doing to do? Vision your way out of the room? You’ve got Carter’s tatù and it’s useless. You have no ‘fuel’ to use. It was your father’s one weakness, one I plan to liberally exploit in you.” He paused, pointing to the floor. “There are a few bottles of water within reach for you. Don’t overdo it as you’ll have to wet yourself if you need to go. That’s always the first thing to go with you females and I’m not cleaning up any mess.” He gave her a fond, almost fatherly smile, causing her stomach to turn. He’s insane…he’s got to be insane…and I’ve trusted him all this time!
Rae glanced to where he’d pointed and heard the dull click of the door as it locked. He’d moved and disappeared faster than she thought he could. She wondered if anyone knew he could move so quickly. Probably not. He seems to be great at hiding things. Jerk.
She stayed where she was, propped up against the cool wall, waiting to see if the headmaster would come back. She jerked when the laptop monitor flickered and the flat screen turned the semi-dark room an eerie blue color. A video began to play. She listened as the narrator explained that it was an instructional video.
A lifespan is spent seeking success and happiness. One chases after dreams, careers, ambitions, faith, partners and money; all in the hope of finding the success and contentment they so long for. The only place we need to search is within ourselves. Our inner powers will move us forward – we must show the world our tatùs. Our capabilities and potential are far greater than anything man has ever done, or will do. We are above mankind – above the law which rules over them.
That voice…something about that voice. What was it? Why did it tickle her memory? Her heart stopped when she realized the narrator was her father. Rae dropped the floor in the middle of the room and hugged her knees to her chest, trying to protect herself from the memories. His voice reminded her only of the time he’d been so mean and scared her as a child. She’d trusted him, because he was her father, but he’d turned on her that night. She began to cry. She’d trusted the headmaster completely and he… he… she couldn’t even finish her train of thought. She’d never suspected any of this.
She felt so lost, so afraid and bloody cold. She had iron shackles on her wrists and the ancient, heavy metal chains felt like ice as they rubbed against her legs and arms. The entire room was cold, and her Tinker Bell outfit wasn’t made to promote warmth. Her thin jacket didn’t help much, either. Her teeth chattered as tears coursed down her cheeks.
How did she get into this mess? Her uncle’s words screamed back at her: the sins of the father are the sins of the son. You can’t undo the past, Rae.
She curled into the fetal position on the cold marble. Her foot bumped against something, and with dismay, Rae realized she’d knocked over one of the bottles of water. She felt wetness against her shoe and quickly realized the marble floor wouldn’t absorb any of the liquid.
Swearing, she scooted over as much as the shackles would allow. She was already shivering. The last thing she needed was to slip into hypothermia too. She could hear the video with her father’s voice telling her she could be part of a bigger picture, a new dream for the world with endless opportunities, yet she saw no great potential in this situation. How freakin’ ironic.
Her uncle had been right; no one was going to come save her. Her only freedom would be death, the same choice her mother had made. She’d sacrificed everything to stop her father. Rae wondered if maybe she’d need to do the same thing in order to stop Lanford.
What can I do? Her ability was useless right now. Mimicking
Carter wasn’t going to help her escape. Rae banged her head on the floor, trying to come up with something – anything that would give her a glimmer of hope. The ache in her heard made her gasp, but it was preferable to her inner pain. At least it was real and tangible. She thought about her friends and immediately Devon came to mind. I’m such an IDIOT for believing Riley. Devon’s not back with Beth. She’d been such a dummy. She needed to find a way to protect him.
Rae cringed as she remembered the picture Julian had shown her. He’d been convinced the vision meant she’d been in danger. The sketch was about right now, not about her chasing after her own personal demons. Wait…it was about now…right now… She shuddered at a realization. Those were real demons, the ghost of her father, in a round room… What was with the eye of Carter watching me? He actually had said he was on her side.
She abruptly sat up. The eye…watching me… She looked up, squinting trying to see if there were any video cameras watching her every move. She was pretty sure there would be. She strained, trying to force her eyes to focus on the dimly lit ceiling. It felt like she was trapped in the tower of London, with King Henry VIII about to execute her. She wished she had Devon’s tatù right then. His night-vision would allow him to clearly see that high up in the dark. She squinted again and began to pick out a small, flashing red light. She knew immediately it was a camera, and it was recording her every move. The knowledge brought her no comfort.
How long before Lanford comes back? She thought about how disappointed her mother would have been with this end, how brief her life was and how little she had done with it. That thought brought fresh tears to her eyes. Oh Mom…it’s not fair! Why should we have to sacrifice ourselves to stop the bad people? I grew up without you and now I have to die to save the freakin’ world?
But what choice did she have?
She was all alone, and no one was going to save her. She’d never finish her father’s work like Lanford wanted, she refused to even consider it. What she’d seen in his visions of her father was enough to show her that she was nothing like him.
She cued back into reality in when the voice on the screen stopped. The video was over, but the bloody thing had automatic playback, she could hear it resetting itself, all the little bits and chips in the laptop were zipping and whirring, doing their jobs.
She didn’t want to watch it again, but how could she possibly stop it? She closed her eyes, leaning her head against the stone wall, and tried to think of nothing. She tried to block out everything and bury all emotions.
I am totally, completely screwed, she thought with a snort.
Suddenly, thoughts of Nicholas filled her mind. He would have known how to MacGyver his way out of these shackles with a paper clip and then opened the locked, ancient iron door. Yep, Nicholas and his amazing paperclip! Rae barked a laugh and wiped the tears from her eyes, trying to calm her crazed mind. She needed to focus on what she could do to stop this.
I could use the shackles to strangle myself. All I’d have to do is cross my arms and pull tight… She felt no fear of dying, she didn’t mind killing herself, especially if it meant saving others. Her mother had made the same sacrifice, so she could be at least as brave as her mother had been. Except, deep down Rae didn’t want to die. She wanted to live! To learn to use her gift for good, to right the wrongs, to finish school, fall in love and experience a first kiss. She was a sixteen-year-old girl, for goodness’ sake! Rae rolled her head from side to side as the video began to play again, trying to deny the reality of it.
Her father’s voice grated on her nerves like sandpaper. She tried to tune it out, but it only made the humming inside of her louder, and her headache worse.
Tapping her foot against the marble floor to dispel the tension building inside, she tried to cover her ears, even the clanking of the chains couldn’t block the sound out.
“Shut up!” she screamed, bellowing straight from her gut. She yelled it again and again. “Shut up! Shut up! You were never my father. You were just a monster. You told me monsters were real, and I believed you. How could I’ve ever known you were the worst monster of them all? What kind of father would want their child to grow up evil? What kind of man were you and how did my mom ever love you?”
She wished she had Molly’s gift and, for a brief second, she pretended she did, knowing the exactly how Molly’s ink felt inside her. She threw her arm in the direction of the laptop and flicked her fingers, as if to throw a bolt of electricity into the laptop and the screen to fry them.
Blue jagged lines erupted from her fingers and made a bee line for the laptop. It sparked and hissed, the smell of burnt plastic immediately filling the air. The screen blacked out. The sudden silence was deafening.
That silence screamed the truth to Rae.


Chapter 23
Your Destiny

Unable to stop staring at the now fried computer, Rae made a conscious effort to close her mouth. Holy…! What…? She stood and started to pace with the shackles on her arms. Two steps one way and then backward two steps was all the room she had, but it was her mind that needed the space and it was clearing faster by the second.
I used Molly’s gift. I killed the laptop, but how? I haven’t touched Molly in hours. I’m supposed to have Dean Carter’s ability.
Rae suddenly froze on the spot as the enormity of what had just happened hit her full force.
Woah…I killed the laptop. I don’t have Carter’s ability…why not? Or do I?
Realizing she didn’t have time for why not, Rae focused on how to use this new-found information to free herself. Okay, what do I know for sure?
I know I used someone’s tatù without touching them. Or out of order.
Wait, Rae cocked her head to the side, trying to break down the truth into its most basic form. Occam’s Razor, “the simplest explanation is most likely the correct one.” Okay, if I thought I could only use the tatù of the last person I touched, yet I used Molly’s ability out of order, I must be wrong. So then…Rae swung her leg around in a partial semi-circle, dragging the sole of her shoe against the cobbled floor as she tried to consider what exactly the opposite of her wrong assumption would be. Can I use anyone’s tatù who I’ve touched, whenever I like? An excited breath seized in her throat as she realized the only way to know would be to test the theory.
She tapped her foot, trying to think of someone else’s ink she understood deeply. Healing – she could get rid of her headache and the goose egg on the back of her head. She closed her eyes and tried to find the slightly-unfamiliar hum inside of her. Once found, she fed it, nurtured it until it became more than just a memory in her veins. The hum spread through her body. Finally, she could think more clearly, without the murky cloud of pain hovering over her. She touched the back of her head and grinned. No bump. Rae resumed her pacing.
Devon’s ink came to mind next, along with his image and she instantly felt nauseous all over again. How could I be so stupid? Taking a deep breathe to dispel the sick feeling in her stomach, she promised herself she would see him again. But for now, I have work to do. She forced him out of her mind so she could concentrate. She realized she must’ve used his ability when squinting to see the recording camera in the dim light. Damn! The camera! She stopped pacing and stared up at it. Lanford might be watching even now and would have seen what she’d just done.
But what exactly have I done? Maybe…maybe there’s nothing to see on the camera but me acting crazy. Little bits of hope trickled through her as she tried to focus. There’s got to be something I can do without getting caught on camera. She sorted through the classes she had in the Oratory this term – thinking about everyone she had worked with. It was an uphill battle because everything reminded her of how much Lanford understood her ability and wanted to nurture it. Nurture my ass. He wanted it working at full force for when he needed to use me to his benefit and no one else’s, not even mine.
A deep breath in and out helped fortify her. Let it go. Focus on the problem at hand. She stood still, legs akimbo, pondering everything. She twirled a blonde strand of hair over and over through her fingers. Her ink was stronger than her father’s, just like her mother had said. I’m not my father, I’m nothing like him. I have to get out of here so I can prove it to the world. “Now how am I going to do that?” she asked herself aloud.
She leaned back against the cold wall and slid down, bumping into another bottle of water, catching it before it fell. She was immediately reminded of Craig as she felt a few drops spill onto her hand. Craig was able to change water into different forms. Rae leaned forward and rolled the water bottle away from her, letting it leave a trail of liquid along the way. She did the same for the remaining bottle as well. Making sure it was toward the door, not near her. She closed her eyes and leaned back against the wall again, waiting for the hum to start. She remembered the feeling inside of her from Craig’s tatù. She searched for it inside of herself. When she found it, she leaned forward and brought a finger toward the water. It instantly turned to ice. She could even hear the crackle as it froze against the marble. She didn’t think it was going to help, but at least she was able to draw on another skill if she needed it. And with the color of the marble she thought it couldn’t be visible to the camera.
She shivered with cold as she tried to think of a way to get the shackles off her wrists. She rubbed her hands together, trying to think of all the gifts she’d mimicked. Nicholas’ ink would be useful, but she had nothing to work with except the bracelet from Devon, and that was obviously going to be a last resort. She thought about shape-shifting, but being a wolf or a bird wasn’t going to get her out of the room. She needed something smaller, something more petite, something which would allow her to slip through the shackles…GALE!
Just as Rae closed her eyes to catch Gale’s ability, a heavy slamming muffled against the other side of the wall. A very angry, and apparently alive, Carter hollered at Lanford.
“You bugger! You’ve been playing her since day one!” Another loud crashing echoed through the door of her prison. Lanford was obviously using his ability against Carter. Rae pressed herself back against the wall. Nothing could come flying through the ancient brick walls but it still didn’t stop her from flinching. Still feeling the hum of Gale’s ability, she changed only her hands and feet, focusing until the shackles slipped off her wrists and clanged to the floor. She carefully slipped her misshapen feet out of their shackles and focused on changing both her hands and feet back to normal. When done, she let out a relived sigh, thankful that nothing had gone wrong in the process. At the same time another piece of furniture burst into a million pieces on the other side of the wall.
“You know nothing!” Lanford hissed. “You obviously have no idea what she is capable of or who she can hurt.”
“She’s not going to hurt anyone. Guilder’s supposed to protect her, not use her!” Several grunts and scraping noises followed. “Now, where did you hide her, old man?”
Rae, avoiding the ice, ran to the door and began pounding on the heavy oak. Her fists barely made a sound on the dense, almost fossilized wood. “I’m in here! Help me! I’m here,” she yelled.
More fighting and grunting ensued from the other side of the door. Rae knew they probably hadn’t heard her. Carter fought outmatched anyway. Even if he had heard her pounding on the door and calling out, Lanford’s ability could toss the dean in the air like a rag doll. He didn’t stand a chance.
Shoulders slumped, Rae edged back to the spot by the chains and slid to the floor, hugging her knees. Head tucked between her legs, she wished this was a bad dream and it would all just end.
The scraping sound of the rusty dead bolt brought her head up. She held her breath as it swung open.
Lanford, his combover now looking like a bad wig and his clothes completely ripped and covered in red smudges and dirt, looked furious. He glared at her, then the TV screen, then back at her. “The video obviously doesn’t work.” He didn’t sound nearly as angry about it as she had expected he would, which surprised her.
Rae kept her eyes on him, wondering what the heck he was going to do, but tried to focus on an ink that could match his ability. His own. She let the hum fill her body and grow familiar inside her. Then she thought one ink better and had to fight to keep the triumphant smile from breaching her lips. Oh yeah…Mr. Fluffy Bad-Hair is going down…
He moved just inside the doorway.
Right where I want you… “Take one step closer and I’ll burn you and this building down like my mother roasted Simon.” Rae had no idea how her mother’s ability worked, but she figured those words would be enough to stop him in his tracks and Lanford had no idea of what her capabilities truly were anyway. She was betting he didn’t have the guts to call her bluff.
It worked, for a moment, at least until Lanford pulled a gun out of his jacket pocket and pointed it at her. “You may have some hidden talents, but I have five hidden friends inside of this.” He jiggled the gun in his palm, just to make sure she didn’t misunderstand his poorly chosen pun. “You move and I’ll send all five of them out to meet you.”
Seriously bad joke, but that gun isn’t funny. What now? Rae hesitated. She couldn’t think of any tatù that could stop one bullet, let alone the five that would fly in her direction if she pushed him. She knew she could heal relatively small and internal injuries, but she had no idea if it could save her from the damage caused by bullets, or if it would work fast enough. What if she went unconscious? Would the tatù still work? She didn’t know. Of all the questions I really should have asked in class…this is the one that comes back to bite me in the butt? Really?!?! Her internal turmoil aside, she knew now wasn’t the time to test the far flung theory hoping she’d be all right.
Wow, kinda wish I’d thought this through a little more…
“Did you think you’d be able to get away, Kerrigan?”
Well, kinda…yeah. But she knew now wasn’t the time for her smart mouth. She decided to let him keep talking. The longer he yacks, the longer I live to try to get myself out of here.
“For ten bloody years I served your father. For another ten years I had to wait for you to turn sixteen. You think I just sat and twiddled my thumbs while I waited? That I didn’t take the time to think about what you might become or what monster you might turn into that would be different than your father?” Lanford paused for dramatic effect and Rae knew he was about to go on the attack, but she stood completely unprepared for it when it came. Physical blows she might have been able to deal with, but Lanford’s chosen weapon was her own insecurities. Like a passive-aggressive parent, he dug into her psychological wounds with unerring accuracy.
“Everyone here is terrified of you.”
No. Don’t listen to him. He lies.
“You’re never going to be accepted anywhere you go.”
NO. I won’t let him turn me inside out! Rae felt a curious sensation, a warmth and strength like fire-cured steel filled her up, blossoming from her heart to her fingers and down to her toes. She didn’t know what it meant, but she knew it meant something good.
Lanford, ranted on, completely unaware of the change. “The sooner you realize that, the sooner you can see what I have to offer you is your freedom, and the power to make those fools serve you. Wake up and see your destiny!”
The crazed light in his eyes gave Rae pause. But she was done cowering from him. “I have a hard time believing you’re my destiny. I don’t follow assholes.”
Rae heard someone’s voice hollering from the stairwell. “They’re up here!” Riley. Riley had called for help. Her heart leapt with joy. Go Cheetah-boy!
Lanford glanced over his shoulder and then took another step toward Rae, gun aimed at her heart. “Fight with me or die. You choose.”
Rae lowered her head, glaring at him from under her lashes, and squared her shoulders. She spoke evenly, precisely, wanting to make sure there would be absolutely no misunderstanding. If these are my last words, this asshat is going to hear them.
“I would rather die, than be even one-tenth of what my father was.” She shut her eyes and inhaled slowly, trying to focus on the waiting bullet. Let it come, I have hope.
The gun fired with a percussive boom, amplified by the acoustics in the round stone room, making her ears ring so loudly no other noise could have been heard.
Despite the noise, Rae was ready and she exhaled a breath, thinking of Haley and hoping the gust might curve the bullet away from her. She had the tatù’s power zipping through her veins, had made sure she had it ready, but she had no idea if her crazy plan would work or not, until she felt the bullet’s wind brush by her hair and the dull crushing sound against the old stone, an impact more felt than heard. Little bits of wall pelted her back and scattered to the floor. At the same time, she felt the vibration of something large hitting the floor hard and clumsily.
Then, there came a noise Rae had never heard before – a very dull, but thick, cracking sound, heard even through the ringing in her ears. She peered through her half-closed eyes and saw Lanford on the ground. The scene made no sense at first. It took a moment or two for her understand what she was seeing.
He must have slipped on the ice. Rae’s eyes opened wider when she saw a pool of blood begin forming around his head. He didn’t move and the gun lay by the door.
She didn’t know what to do. Part of her screamed that he was dead, another part told her to check to see if he might still be alive. Fight or flight…Fight or flight…played over and over inside her mind. Just freakin’ run!! But she stood frozen in place, and everything seemed to move in slow motion, sounds coming to her as if from under water while her heart raced. Her ears rang like cymbals and her head pounded. I must be in shock…is that what this is? Or am I dead? Dead, too?
She heard and felt nothing, almost like she wasn’t really there. Afterward, she couldn’t have said how long she’d stood there, acting a zombie; there but not there; her body a sort of place holder for something that had said “brb” and left.
Sound came back slowly, but it returned before anything else did. She heard something…something familiar, but her eyes were fixed on the body lying before her. Gradually, the sound became words, and then the words became a voice she could understand.
“Rae. Rae! Come here. Walk around the body but don’t touch him. Come over here by me.” Dean Carter’s urgent voice beckoned her. The thought why not whispered through her foggy mind.
She let her eyes trail away slowly from the body to the dean, his face full of concern, but the pull to stare at Lanford won and she couldn’t stop her gaze from fixing on him again. “Is he…dead?” she whispered, still afraid to move.
“I need to check his vitals, but I’m not doing anything until you’re out of the room and safe.”
Safe…he wants me safe. The dean? Wait, but he’s bad, isn’t he?
Rae’s mind continued to futilely trying to put coherent thought together. It took momentous effort on her part. A warning finally got through to her brain, telling her lungs they’d forgotten to breathe, and she sucked in a long, noisy breath. The rush of oxygen flowing into her body was just what she needed, so she did it again. But somehow, she lost control of it after that and began hyperventilating. She knew she had to slow her breathing, but the rush of oxygen felt like a welcome relief and at least her brain had started working again.
She forced words out between her heaving. “Wh-What about Riley? Is h-he outside?” Still unsure if leaving the room was her safest option, Rae’s feet refused to budge.
“Riley’s a good guy. He works for me. For the Privy Council.” He beckoned her with his hand, gently but firmly, a perfect counter-balance to her terror. “Come now. Let’s get you a blanket. Your teeth are chattering. You’ve got goose bumps the size of mountains.”
Great. Hyperventilating, freezing my ass off, trying not to die…and the icky Dean is the hero? This has been a night I’ll never forget. Rae edged toward the dean, small hesitant steps between gasps for air and violent shivers, keeping her back pressed against the circular stone wall until she reached the door. Where’s a freakin’ paper bag when you need one? Then the dean pushed her behind him into the reception area, slung a rescue blanket over her shoulders and forced her to look him in the eye.
“Stay here. Don’t go anywhere. We need to talk.” He turned and stepped into the room, slamming the door shut.




Chapter 24
Why Me?

Rae stood in the middle of the reception room. Strangers bustled around, whispering and pointing to the closed door, and then to her. Someone had called 999 and an ambulance was en route. Riley been hovering nervously by her side for a while. She wasn’t sure how she got there, but she ended up in front of the leaded windows. Resting her forehead against the cool glass, she stared out.
“Rae,” Riley said, politely keeping his distance for once.
“I’m sorry I had to be such a jerk before. It’s just… It’s just that I really want this job. I had to prove to Carter and… well, you know.”
She glanced at him from the corner of her eye. “I know what? That you betrayed me? That you lied to get me here, where I almost died? That Lanford worked for my father? That he planned this whole stinkin’ thing and wanted me here to finish some stupid file my dad started?” She paused when Riley’s eyes grew as big as his open mouth. He obviously knew nothing either. She should care that she’d just given him information, considering she hadn’t really decided for herself which side he was on, but then again… She shrugged and turned back to the window. “Whatever. Thanks for getting help, but it doesn’t erase the rest. You’re gone after this year and I hope I never have to see your stupid face again.”
“For what it’s worth, I’m sorry.” Riley reached out and touched the blanket on her shoulder. “Not everything was an act.”
He dropped his arm and straightened when the door to the prison tower room opened. Carter stepped through, spoke quietly to the paramedics and then came over to the window.
“That’ll be all for now, Riley,” he said. “Pack your stuff from the dorms and one of the drivers will take you to the training center.”
Rae watched several professors and students crowd into a small area of the parking lot. Molly, Maria, Haley, Julian, Andy and Devon were down there waiting. All my friends… “How’s Lanford?”
“He’s in bad shape. Seems you had a slip of luck.” He paused before speaking quietly, “Lanford cracked his head, and it looks like he’s broken his neck.”
Good. A twinge of guilt settled in Rae’s stomach, but she quickly squelched it. He’s the monster, I do not have to feel sorry for him. “Can we get out of here?” She felt trapped inside the reception room and wanted to get outside where her friends were.
“Of course.” Carter pointed to two chairs in the corner.
“But first, we need to talk.”
Rae glanced longingly at the window to her friends below, but realized she had a few questions for two-faced Carter. She’d seen enough psycho-ness for one night, and she intended to get to the bottom of it. She led the way to the chairs and dropped into one.
“I guess I owe you an apology… and an explanation.” Carter smiled, actually smiled and he didn’t seem so old when he did it. “I work for the Privy Council and they wanted me here. I didn’t want to come.”
Rae scoffed, unable to hold it back. “Yeah, that was a bit obvious. You’re pretty miserable.” The words slipped out before she realized.
Carter scratched the back of his head, looking sheepish, which weirded Rae out even more. “I deserve that. I didn’t want to have you girls here. It was Lanford’s idea and I seemed to be the only one who didn’t trust him. He wanted you, not the other girls, but you, here, away from your family so he could swoop down to protect you and have you trust him.”
Rae stared at the hem of her Tinkerbelle dress as the guilt she’d been denying rushed out of its hidden place and filled her up. “I did trust him. He was, or at least, he seemed to be sincere and genuinely concerned about me.” Slow tears started dripping from her eyes.
“He needed to find out your ink. I knew that’s what he was after, but I had no proof and it drove me mad. I finally had to resort to asking Riley for help. He’s a candidate for joining the academy.” Seeing the confused look on Rae’s face, he added, “It’s an intense training group of tatùs. Riley was more than eager to prove himself.” Carter shook his head. “It drove me bonkers having to hang out with all you kids when I should be out in the field. I’m a man of action, not subterfuge. I’m terrible at having to wait. And having to watch you and wait for Lanford to reveal himself as the bad guy would make anyone cross. I’m sorry for giving you such a hard time. It’s not your fault.” Rae had a hard time picturing him as some British version of a G.I. Joe, but she figured maybe it was different with tatùs. He patted her knee. “You’re a lot like your mom, you know? She had the same spunk, that inner fire which makes people want to be around you.”
Rae’s head felt as if it were spinning. Now he knew her mother? She had a million questions she wanted to ask him, but not tonight. “Will I have to leave the school now?” “No. Now I think this is the safest place for you.”
He didn’t even hesitate when he replied. Rae let out a sigh of relief. She didn’t want to go. “Are… are you coming back next year?”
Carter stood and crossed him arms over his chest. A small smile played on his face. “It seems Guilder is going to be in need of a new headmaster. Which is something I might be interested in. Especially when Rae Kerrigan has another year left and, as much as I hate to admit it, Guilder needs you girls here. It’s good for everyone.” He offered her his arm. “Shall we?”
They headed toward the stairs, moving aside to let the paramedics rush by. Alone on the staircase, Carter spoke again. “I’m sorry again about Lanford. I had no idea he was in league with your father.” He shook his head. “Everything checked out. He’d been here ten years and nothing showed otherwise to mistrust him. It was only a gut feeling I had. I couldn’t use my ink on him until tonight. Then I saw everything.”
“It’s not your fault, sir,” Rae said woodenly. It came out an automatic response, with no feeling behind it. The truth was, Rae didn’t know who was at fault and who wasn’t. At the moment, all she knew was that she wanted to get out of the towers and never come back.
Carter sighed. “I’ve disappointed you and, most of all, I’ve disappointed your mother. I promised her a long time ago I’d keep you safe.”
For a weird moment, Rae felt older than sixteen, her guilt, suspicion and hurt got pushed aside. “You can’t protect me, and you can’t undo the past. Lanford would’ve found a way to get to me one way or another. He said he’d been planning this for years.”
Carter paused on the stairs. “Can I ask you a question?” He waited until she turned to face him. “How’d you get out of those shackles tonight?”
“M-my tatù.” She felt like the wings were fluttering on her back, encouraging her to tell the truth. It was an odd sensation and caught her completely off-guard. “I-It’s the same as my father’s. But different. More.” She didn’t know how to explain it.
“Did you make the ice?”
Rae nodded, her mind picturing the prison room. If her tatù wanted her to tell Carter that much, then…what about the rest? “Sir, have you ever heard of something called ‘H-O-C’ or a hoc file?”
He shook his head slowly. “I’ve never heard of it.”
“It’s something my father and Lanford created.” She went
on to explain about the video in the laptop and what little detail the headmaster had provided, knowing in her heart that she needed to pass this information on to him.
“Interesting.” The dean ran his fingers along his chin. “I’ve spent a lot of time working on your father’s jobs and experiments. Most of his interests and agendas were very secretive. Only those close to him knew, and even then, it was always very little or bits and pieces, no one but Simon had the complete picture. I’ve…the Privy Council has spent years trying to find those who’ve worked for or with your father.”
“I, uh, kinda fried the computer and there was a camera in there. I don’t know how much it recorded…” Rae couldn’t help but feel proud of the admission even knowing she may have destroyed vital clues.
“We’ll see what we can salvage from the laptop and we’ll check into the camera, too.” Carter flashed a quick smile. “Your friends are waiting outside for you.” He opened the door.
“Thanks.” She looked at the dean, who beckoned her forward a few more steps.
“May I suggest we try and keep most of this quiet? You know which friends you can trust. The rest will know the truth soon enough. Or at least, what needs to be told.”
“Yeah, I think I know what you mean.” She started toward her friends. She glanced back. “Th-thanks…” But Carter had disappeared, “Sir,” she whispered to the closed door. Maybe having him back next year might not be a bad thing.
As she turned to the parking lot, Molly came running, tears coursing down her cheeks. She enclosed Rae in a tight hug. “I can’t believe it! You’re okay! I’d have been a total mess. I’d have electrocuted everything inside, burned everything down and probably fried myself in the process.” While she babbled on, Rae stared over her friend’s shoulder and spotted Devon standing by Julian’s car. She wanted to run and wrap her arms around him.
She never got a chance. Soon, everyone stood around her hugging, some crying and laughing, all at the same time.
“Rae, your outfit’s ruined.” Molly exclaimed as Rae threw the blanket onto the back of Julian’s car.
“It’s all right. I don’t have any intension of ever wearing it again.”
“Hey, watch the car.” Julian’s lips twitched.
She gave him the bird and laughed at the surprised look on his face.
“Uh… Rae?” Haley stood a few feet back from everyone else.
Rae’s guard instantly came up. “What?”
“I’m, uh, I’m sorry I was kind of a bitch to you.” Haley stuffed her hands into the oversized men’s tux jacket she wore. “You know, the trying to hit you with the darts, the note in Professor Stockheed’s class…all of it.”
Molly leaned in front of Rae and pointed a finger at Haley, little sparks flying from it. “You’re just apologizing ‘cause you don’t want to get screwed over by Rae’s tatù.”
Haley turned red and opened her mouth, but before she could say anything, Maria elbowed her. She glared at Molly, then Maria. “Look, I said I was sorry. I won’t pester you anymore.”
“How about we head back to Aumbry House?” Julian said, “I’ve had a vision Madame Elpis isn’t going to mind if we all crash in the Game Room tonight.”
Rae grabbed his hand. Your vision turned out to be spot-on. Everything you drew was about tonight. I was the one who didn’t look closely enough at it. I won’t make that mistake again, I promise. The eye had been the dean watching over and protecting her. She understood it now. She watched his eyes grow large, obviously shocked at hearing her voice in his own head and then he nodded in understanding. She let go and rubbed her hands along her arms. The cool night air made her shiver.
“I’m giving Rae a lift,” Julian said. “You all can walk back.”
Devon came over and hugged her tight. “I’m really glad you’re okay.”
Devon’s warmth seeped into her core. He felt so good and everything suddenly didn’t seem so awful. He slowly, almost reluctantly, pulled away.
Before she could react, Julian wrapped the blanket back around her and gently pushed her toward the passenger seat. “Race you back to the dorms, Dev.”
He drove off to the student parking lot, leaving Devon behind.


Chapter 25
Hidden Wishes

The next day, Dean Carter informed the entire school during dinner that Headmaster Lanford had suffered a heart attack the previous night after a fall and had passed away. The dean wouldn’t go into details, but the look of shock on the faces of the students made Rae wish she could disappear. Only Julian, Devon and Molly knew the truth. At least, from her end of the story.
So Lanford was dead. She didn’t care. She knew she should, but she really just wanted to forget. She needed something to help her do that, so she refocused on classes, and didn’t even mind when the dean took over class in the Oratory. His attitude had changed dramatically, making it easy to engage him as a teacher and Rae began to enjoy class again. Carter never focused on or brought any extra attention to her, and she appreciated it.
The ten remaining weeks of the school year flew by. During one of the final dinners with the entire student body, Carter stood and walked to the podium. “I have a few announcements to make. First, I’d like to let everyone know I will not be returning as the dean of Guilder next year.” He paused, then grinned. “I’ll be returning as Headmaster. Someone needs to keep a good eye on you folks.” He waited till the students quieted. “Devon’s father, Randolph Wardell, will be the new dean of Guilder. All the professors are in full agreement he will do an excellent job.”
Rae sat at a table a few rows away from Devon. She smiled and clapped with the other students.
Devon seemed slightly embarrassed, but stood. “My dad’s pleased to have been offered the position.” He smirked. “And I’m happy to be graduating.”
Students erupted in laughter throughout the room, everyone but her. Rae didn’t want to think about next year without Devon. Maybe, if he was gone, she’d get rid of the crush she had on him. But who was she going to talk to about her father? Or how frustrating her ink was? Or help her deal with all the baggage and crap that had come with Lanford’s actions? She blinked rapidly, forcing the sudden tears away, and tried to push back down the anxiety that had tried to rise up and overtake her.
Carter clapped his hands for attention and everyone once again settled down. “I’d also like to mention Riley Johnson has been offered a job and is finishing the year at his current location.”
Rae’s eyes flitted around the room. The students didn’t bat an eyelash with this news. Seniors must leave quite often before the end of the year, probably secret jobs from top secret tatù businesses. No one cares that Riley left or why. No one really knows what happened that night. Molly threw an arm over Rae’s shoulder and gave her a quick squeeze, without saying a word. Rae smiled at her friend. Someone did care. She wasn’t alone, and it was nice to be reminded of that every once in a while.
A few days later, Dean Carter asked Devon and Rae to meet him in his new office in the Oratory building. Carter sat behind the desk, hands interlaced casually across his stomach in a distinctly relaxed posture that Rae had never seen him in before. He spoke first to Devon. “I’m hoping you’ll come back next year, as a paid employee of the college. I’d like you to continue helping Rae with tutoring and training with her abilities.”
Devon’s and Rae’s mouths both dropped open.
“One of the reasons is that you know the whole story. Rae will need someone to work with and she’s comfortable around you.” He straightened and rested his large hands on top of the desk. “We’ll offer you living accommodations, of course. There are two penthouse suites above the senior’s floor on Joist Hall. One would be yours. You won’t have to live by your father or answer to him – just to me.” He chuckled, like it was some kind of private joke. “You’ll be paid a very fair salary and any university correspondence courses you take will be paid for by the school.” Carter twiddled his thumbs and smiled pleasantly.
Devon glanced at Rae and then took a few moments before answering. “I’d be honored to help as best I can.”
Rae wanted to jump up and down. YES! However, the feeling was short-lived when Carter spoke again.
“We’ve been working diligently, but haven’t been able to find out anything more about Lanford or your father’s connection to him.” He nodded at Devon, but looked at Rae. “Devon’s been caught up to speed completely with what happened the night of the dance. The laptop was unsalvageable. The Privy Council hasn’t found any records or anything else regarding this so-called HOC file. Hopefully, the two of you may be able to uncover some information next term.” He stared down his nose at the both of them.
“What about the camera on the ceiling?” Rae asked. Maybe Devon and she could get some extra correspondence out of it during the summer months. And I’ll, of course, focus completely on Devon – I mean on learning.
“It was wireless, connected to some kind of satellite we weren’t able to trace.” Carter leaned forward and shuffled a stack of papers against his desk. “If we learn any vital information over the summer, I’ll let you know. If you are able to recall anything between now and the start of the new school year, write it down and let me know. The Privy Council will continue to search for anything connected to your father.” He pointed to the door. “Now, get out of here and spend a bit of time with your friends before you fly back to New York for the summer. I’m here if you need me.”
They walked down the hall and through the empty Oratory quietly together. Devon spoke once they got out into the sunshine. “I hope you don’t mind if I stay on next year.”
“No, no, not at all,” she gushed. “I mean, I really appreciate you being willing to stay here. It won’t be too bad with your dad? Doesn’t he want you at Oxford or something?”
Devon grinned, his adorable dimple popping through.
“Nah, I’ll deal with him. It’ll give me some time to figure out what I want to do with my life.” He stopped talking but stared at her, as if he had something more to say.
When the silence began to get awkward, Rae shifted her weight and glanced toward the playing fields full of students. “I should probably get back to Molls. She gets a bit paranoid now when she doesn’t know where I am.”
“I have to ask Carter something, so I guess I’ll see you later?” He didn’t wait for her reply, but headed back toward the large Oratory doors. Just before disappearing, his hand shot out to keep the door open and his head popped around. “By the way, Rae.” His dimple flashed again, “Tell Molly she did a cool job on your hair. It totally suits you.” Then, he was gone, and Rae was left feeling vaguely let down.


Chapter 26
The Letter

Rae finished packing her suitcases and checked her watch. She needed to hurry. Julian had probably fallen asleep waiting for her downstairs. She needed to be at the airport about two hours before her transatlantic flight took off. She did a final check around the room to make sure she had everything. When she came back in seven weeks, she’d be living in one of the rooms on the floor above and wouldn’t be coming back to this room. It’s a bit of a shame…
Part of her felt sad to leave, but she wanted to head back to America and spend some time with her aunt and uncle. Hopefully, Uncle Argyle would be willing to tell her about her mother and grandfather and even talk a bit about her father. She could get information out of him which she couldn’t get from anyone else, if she could get him to talk.
Rae headed down the marble stairs with her new, larger suitcases, courtesy of Molly, and set them by the door. She ran back up to grab her duffle bag. She had already said good-bye to everyone except Devon. He’d seemed preoccupied when he popped by yesterday to say good bye to Molly. She’d wanted to give him a proper farewell, but he’d left before she had a chance. Plus, she wasn’t quite sure how to handle him now…after their awkward conversation outside Carter’s office.
Julian stood waiting in the foyer. He took her suitcases from her and set them by the door. He smiled his warm, friendly smile. “I have something for you.” He handed her a white envelope.
“What’s this?” The blank cover of the envelope gave away nothing.
He scratched behind his ear. “I had a vision early this morning and thought maybe you could help.”
Rae opened the envelope with apprehension. The last time he’d handed her a vision it hadn’t turned out so well. However, the reveal was anti-climactic. Inside was a piece of paper with nothing on it. She stared at Julian, confused.
“Rae, this is going to sound kind of corny but…pretend it’s a letter. I know I didn’t draw anything on it, but just work with me here for a moment.” He paused and gave a small smile when Rae nodded. “That paper’s trying to tell you something, you just need to open your mind to what it says.”
She blinked, trying to make sense of what Julian was asking. She held the sheet with both hands and tried to pretend she was about to read a letter. She closed her eyes and exhaled a long, slow breath.
Julian started talking quietly. “There’s this dope I know, who wanted to try and write you a letter. First he tried emailing, but that didn’t work. He wanted tell you how he felt and ask you to forgive him. So, he thought that if he wrote it to you, it would be better. Except, this dummy doesn’t know how to say it. He’s all messed and confused in the head himself.” Julian sighed, as if he understood the writer’s frustration. “If this guy could just realize his feelings would explain everything to you… Ahh, but his pen never moves. The idiot doesn’t know how to start, or finish, the letter. He wanted to tell you how he’d made a mistake and he wished he’d never listened to those around him, or allowed himself to step back from you.” Julian grunted. “He should’ve just followed his heart all along.”
Julian stopped talking and Rae heard him move toward the door. She opened her eyes and stared at the blank paper. She gazed at the pretend letter for a long time and then back to Julian.
“Where is he? Do I still have time to see him before we have to go?”
Julian grinned and glanced at his watch. “You’ve about ten minutes. He’s in his room packing.” He grabbed both of Rae’s suitcases. “I’ll get these in the car for you in the meantime.” He disappeared out the door with a smirk on his face.
Rae looked down one more time. Go to him. She heard her mother’s voice and knew that was exactly what her mom would have told her to do. Rae dropped the letter and took off running through the front door toward Joist House.
She barreled through the entrance, and straight up the marble stairs to the top floor, not caring what kind of scene she made. Winded by the time she got to Devon’s door, she took a few deep breaths. She knocked once before barging straight into the room. Devon stood behind the suitcase on his bed.
“Julian, I told you already I’m not --” he stopped short when he saw Rae standing in the room.
“Hi.” All the self-confidence Rae’d felt a minute ago, disappeared. She tucked a curl behind her ear and tugged it behind again when it popped back immediately, refusing to obey. Great, here I am, tongue-tied with my hair flying everywhere…What now?
“Hey.” Devon stared at her for a moment and then focused on refolding a shirt he’d already packed into his suitcase.
“Julian’s taking me to the airport. He said he had a vision this morning.” She swallowed nervously, not sure what to say. When Devon stayed silent and continued to gaze at his suitcase, Rae mustered what courage she could find. “He said you tried to write me a letter…”
Devon’s head popped up in surprise. Rae could feel tears fill her eyes, so she glanced at the ceiling, begging them not to fall. She took a deep, shaky breath and glanced back toward Devon. She trembled as she watched him walk over to her. He put both of his hands gently on her face, his fingers silently brushing the tears from her cheeks.
“I’m so sorry…About…About --” His voice broke as he spoke. “I didn’t know what to write then, or what to say now. I’m just so sorry.”
“Don’t be sorry. It’s not your fault.” She reached up and removed Devon’s hands from her face, keeping them held inside of hers. “Nobody saw it coming. Everyone trusted Lanford. Carter said he went off a gut feeling and had to follow the hunch, hoping he might be right.” She blew her bangs from her face. “Julian’s taking me to the airport in about five minutes. I don’t want to spend the summer worrying if you’re never returning to Guilder because of me. I don’t want to lose your friendship.” I don’t want to lose you. I need you.
“I’m coming back.” He smiled and showed his adorable dimple. Worry lines appeared on his forehead as his brows mashed together. “I’m the idiot. In so many ways, I can’t even begin to explain, or try to show you.”
“Don’t—” Rae started, but Devon cut off her words off with a kiss. He pressed his warm, soft lips against hers. The kiss felt like the flutter of a thousand wings from butterflies setting off into flight. It was like time stood still and nothing else mattered at that moment or was ever going to matter again if Devon wasn’t with her. At the same moment her stole her breath away, he stole her heart.
He slowly pulled away, but barely. As he spoke, his lips brushed lightly against hers. “I have, for a very long time, been very much in love with you. I’m just a fool who didn’t know how to say it. I kept trying to follow the path everyone else instructed us to go down – the one I’m expected to follow.” Devon swallowed. “When, all along, I should’ve just followed my heart.”
Wow! Can life get any better than this? She smiled, sure the corners of her mouth were close to touching her ears. “I’ve never really been one for doing what’s expected.” She shrugged nonchalantly, but couldn’t stop the excitement coursing through her body. This is ten times better than the morning of my sixteenth birthday.
Devon grinned and rubbed his nose against hers. When a knock sounded on the door, and Rae and Devon jumped apart, suddenly conscious about how wrong this could be. Getting caught before anything had started could ruin everything, on so many different levels.
Julian popped his head inside the room.
“I really hate to be the one to interrupt the two of you, but Rae needs to head to the airport or she’s going to miss her flight.” He tossed a balled up piece of paper at Devon. “The offer still stands, if you’re interested.”
“Offer?” Rae glanced back and forth between the two guys.
Devon chuckled and put his arm around her shoulders. “Julian made two offers to me this morning. I could come with him to bring you to the airport, and try to tell you how I felt. Or, use his car and take you myself. I think I’ll take him up on the second offer.”
“You don’t mind?” she asked Julian.
“Silly girl with the super-ability. Do you think I could say no?” Julian tossed his car keys at Devon. “Just don’t let her drive. She may be talented, but she’s a bloody American.” He laughed and jumped back when Rae forced the door closed with a gust of wind.
Devon and Rae stared at each other, both smiling like lunatics. They walked down to the car in a companionable silence.
“Do you have plans for the summer?” Rae asked once they were on the motorway.
“I’m heading home for a week and then Carter wants me and Julian to come back, and apply to the Privy Council academy. Plus, my dad wants me to help set his office up.” He rolled his eyes. “What about you?”
She touched his knee, still thinking this had to be a dream. “Not much. I’ll work on my tatù, and I’ve got a hundred questions I want to ask my uncle.”
“Let me know if you learn anything. Email or, if you’re allowed, call me?”
“Of course.” She glanced at his tight jaw line. “What’s up?”
“Nothing, really,” he said. “I…I just think we maybe shouldn’t say anything… to anyone, you know, about us.”
She should have felt guarded. A boy asking a girl to keep their relationship a secret couldn’t be a good sign. But this was different. They were different. She knew they weren’t any normal boy and girl. “I think you’re right. After the year I’ve just had, and my parents’ history…We’d give the professors, and my uncle, a massive coronary.”
“We can figure stuff out when you get back next term.” He winked at her. “I’m still mentoring you, and I’ve got my own place next year. Nobody’ll suspect a thing.”
“Yeah, it’s almost as if Carter knew, when he set up the position for you.” They both glanced at each other and after a moment, broke into laughter. Fat chance!
At the terminal, Devon gave Rae a tight hug and leaned in to kiss her. A voice announced on the speakers that her flight was now boarding.
Devon deepened the kiss. Again, the flutter of butterfly wings floated around Rae. She totally got what Molly had been talking about all year. This was how a first kiss was supposed to feel. She understood her tatù’s wings gave her the fluttering wing-feeling and smiled at her deep, personal understanding.
“This summer’s going to take forever.” Devon rested his forehead against hers.
“I’ll let you in on a little secret.” Rae loved the wild abandonment feeling being with Devon gave her. “The first kiss is something a girl never forgets. This feeling, at this very moment, could carry me through a hundred summers,” she whispered, lightly pulling on her bottom lip with her teeth.
Devon groaned. “One summer apart is enough for me.”
Rae kissed his ear and whispered, “I’m glad we stopped hiding and told each other how we feel.” I can’t wait till next year, and a lot more kisses. “I guess we owe Julian.”
Devon shook his head slightly. “He’s never going to let me forget.” He wrapped his arms tightly around her waist. “It’s totally worth it.” He kissed her again.
Slowly, she stepped back from him, and, after a few reluctant seconds, he let go of her hand. “See you in seven weeks,” he said.
She laughed. “You’re counting already?” “You better believe it!”

THE END



Read the next installment of
THE CHRONICLES OF KERRIGAN
DARK NEBULA




Want to read more by WJ May:

The Hidden Secrets Saga: Blood Red Series:

 


The Chronicles of Kerrigan:
 
 
Kaitlyn Davis - Ignite


Ignite

Midnight Fire Series Book One


By
Kaitlyn Davis



Other Titles by Kaitlyn Davis

Simmer (Midnight Fire Series Book Two)
Blaze (Midnight Fire Series Book Three)
Scorch (Midnight Fire Series Book Four)



To my family for their unconditional love,
my friends for their overwhelming support,
and my fans for their incredible enthusiasm.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart.


Prologue

Kira watched as he languidly stood up, flexing his muscles as though he had just awakened from a long dream. He stretched his arms over his head and cracked the bones in his neck before finally settling his gaze on her. She hardly recognized him, the boy she had fallen in love with. Where minutes before there had been light and emotion in his eyes, there was only a black hole, a seemingly endless abyss. Kira had never seen him look at her that way, like less than food, like vermin, even since the first time they had met.
"Aren’t you going to run?" He asked with sinister humor coloring his words. The smirk on his face may as well have been a knife cutting through her heart. The darkness had always called him, but Kira had always thought that being with her would be enough to keep him from crossing over. She saw now that he had surrendered to his nature and for the first time she felt real fear when he looked at her.
Kira stepped backwards on shaky feet, trying to digest the question. She didn’t have an answer. How could she turn her back on him and run away? The man she loved was trying to kill her. There were no options. Could she forget it all—all the nights they had shared kissing and swapping secrets—and fight to kill? Or, would she run and admit that there was no hope that he would return to her?
Kira said his name and reached out her hand, searching one last time for the man she had lost.
"Yes, honey." The word hit her like a slap in the face as it rolled off of his tongue drenched in sarcasm.
Kira looked up at the sun, still hidden behind the shadow of the moon, and sprinted into the tree line behind her. She couldn’t give up on him now. But, when the eclipse was over, maybe she would finally find the strength to fight.



Chapter One

As Kira waited in line for a parking spot, she studied the sprawling two-story building that took up her entire line of vision. It was decorated with the words "Charleston County High School" and graffiti covered brick, with a layout much different than that of the private school she had attended in New York with numerous buildings spread over a few city blocks and sandwiched in between larger corporate ones. And, the students wandered here at a pace much different than the bustle she had grown used to during the past five years spent at the boarding school she had begged her parents to attend. But last year her father had been laid off and Kira knew she would be back home for her senior year.
Her family had lived in Charleston for about four years, but Kira had never met anyone during her summers home. This would be new for her, a huge school that she would definitely get lost in and tons of people who had probably never even heard of ‘The Met.’
A car honked behind her and Kira continued moving at a slow pace down the parking lot as students took turns swinging trucks into super-sized, yellow lined spaces. As she took her turn pulling the eco-friendly car her parents loved into a spot, she knew she wouldn’t quite fit in here. Kira looked to her left at the person sitting in the passenger seat of a pickup truck, a full two feet above her, and felt as tiny and invisible as she probably seemed to him. But enough, she shook herself; she hated self-pity more than anything. Kira grabbed her shoulder bag and made for the front door with the rest of the crowd. She did give Charleston one thing, the smell of marsh and pine was a heck of a lot better than that of car exhaust and garbage.
"Name?" the secretary asked as Kira entered the main office for her schedule.
"Kira Dawson."
"Year?"
"Senior." Kira ran her hands down the sides of her royal blue sundress, smoothing out the wrinkles to make a good impression on her new classmates.
"Here you go, honey."
She took the folder and pulled out a schedule. Advanced Calculus Room 253C. Kira walked out to the hallway and looked around for a sign, anything to point her in the right direction, but saw only bare brick walls. After a few minutes, someone finally took pity on her.
"Are you new?" A handsome blond guy with a lanky build stood behind her looking over her shoulder at the paper. "Oh, 253C, not an easy walk from here. Come on, I’m next door to you." She followed, having no real other choice. "So you are new, right, or have my great looks made you speechless?" Damn, she hated being called out.
"Yeah I’m new, and what good looks? You’re so tall I can’t even see your face."
"Touché." He studied her for a moment and Kira finally got a good look at his face, which she had to admit wasn’t too shabby. He had wispy hair the color of summer corn, a slightly crooked nose spotted with light brown freckles, and a wide, friendly smile full of perfectly white teeth. There was something about his eyes, green with flecks of yellow, which she found familiar and almost comforting. "I’m Luke Bowrey," he extended his hand, naturally tanned from a summer in the south, and she shook it.
"Kira Dawson. Nice to meet you, and thanks for the help."
"Not a problem. When I see a damsel in distress I just can’t help but act the knight in shining armor." She laughed despite herself. Kira knew he was cocky but she also instantly knew they could be friends.
"Here’s your stop. Hope to see you later," he said and rushed into the classroom next-door right as the bell rang. She hurried to do the same, and sat quickly in the first seat she could find. The math was easier than she was used to, as were chemistry, biology and Spanish. Her morning went smoothly as she followed people from classroom to classroom and eventually into the cafeteria big enough to hold all 1500 students at the school.
Kira had packed her lunch, so she made her way down the rows of tables, searching for an open seat in a friendly crowd, almost giving up until a huge hand landed on her shoulder.
"Need saving again?" She smiled to herself; it was Luke coming to the rescue once more.
"I wouldn’t mind it." He nodded to the left and she followed him to one of the smaller tables where two boys and another girl sat. "Everyone, this is Kira. Kira, this is everyone." She noticed the girl roll her eyes.
"Luke, truly amazing introduction," a slightly goofy looking boy with shaggy brown hair and black rimmed glasses said, and extended his hand. "Hey Kira, I’m Miles, this is Emma and that’s Dave." He pointed to the girl—who had dyed blonde hair, more makeup on than Kira was capable of applying and was wearing Lily Pulitzer—and the boy—who had one tanned arm around her chair back and was sporting a baseball cap for the Dallas Cowboys. "We all moved here last winter, but thanks to you we’re no longer the new kids. Not much change happens here. I think five students in one year must be a school record."
"Wow, so everyone is pretty set in their ways then? Good thing I found you guys, or good thing I looked lost enough that Luke felt some pity for me." Kira adjusted her own curly red hued hair, slightly nervous in front of this new crowd.
"We would have found you eventually," Emma added, "We’re some of the only kids not here since birth and probably the only ones not here since middle school, so it was almost inevitable that we’d adopt the new kid and not upset the balance."
"The balance?" Kira asked, a little confused. Her school in New York had been a constantly changing atmosphere with girls dressed in anything from Gucci to Forever 21 to leggings with holes in them from a flea market.
"It’s like this," Luke put an arm around Kira’s shoulder and steered her to the left side of the large, open room. "First, the cafeteria is divided into four with freshman in the front near the grotesque processed food smell and older kids filling in the back until you get to the seniors around us who have the best window view out to the lake and the biggest tables. Then, each year is divided into your standard groups. The jocks have a table," he pointed to the corner that was a sea of blue jerseys full of boys and girls in uniform. "Next are the football players and the cheerleaders who fawn on them, the next table over is the just plain popular because of good looks and in rare cases a stellar attitude. In the middle are the average uncategorized and the most down to earth people you’ll meet. And finally, rounding out the senior class we have the drama nerds mixed with the emos, because who really can tell the difference there." She stared at the groups, sort of seeing the distinction in clothes and stature, black leotard looking garments versus regular jeans and a t-shirt or pompoms, but not totally understanding it. She wasn’t used to groups, except for rich and scholarship, which had been the only divide at her private school. But even then it was sometimes hard to tell just from looks, because the wealthiest students would come to school wearing oversized sweaters with moth holes and the poorest student might spend a month’s income on one dress.
"Luke, you forgot the misfits." Miles added, his head turned out the window.
"Meaning us?" Kira asked, certainly feeling like this motley little group didn’t fit into any of the categories Luke had mentioned.
"Nah, we’re still the newbies, those are the misfits. Don’t know how I forgot." Luke turned Kira towards the window at the tables outside where four students, three boys and a girl, were lounging—all pale despite their position in the sun. "They sort of keep to themselves."
"Why?"
"Don’t know. I don’t really know anything about them actually." Kira thought Luke was holding something back, but she had only known him for three hours and didn't want to accuse him of lying, especially after all he had done. She looked outside for a moment longer, and even through the glass she could tell there was something different about them. It was more than the distinction between a jock and a drama nerd. It was something almost tangible, but whatever it was, she wasn’t going to harp on it now. She had friends to make.
"So, where are you guys all from?" Kira asked while sliding into one of the open chairs circling the table.
Dave just pointed to his hat. Kira guessed he was the silent type.
"He means Dallas," Emma supplied, "I am too. We never knew each other before moving here, isn’t that funny. I mean, he went to my rival school, so not that surprising, but still, it’s pretty crazy."
"Fate?" Kira supplied, knowing it was the confirmation Emma searched for and guessing Dave would keep silent.
"Yup, that’s what I like to believe." They smiled at each other, and Kira knew she would get used to the silence from Dave and would hopefully become friends with Emma. She liked Emma’s perfectly styled hair, manicured nails and carefully applied makeup. She figured she would definitely bank on it for a date at some point.
"Well, I’m a northerner all the way, or I was until my parents moved down here. I lived in Boston, and will hopefully be back in Cambridge in no time." Kira smiled because Miles definitely looked like the Harvard type with the pile of books next to his lunch. But, she felt a little edge to him too.
"And now, my turn," Luke adopted his theatrical voice again. "I, dear lady, am from the far reaches of, drum roll please," he supplied his own when the only response was rolled eyes, "Florida, the sunshine state with glorious beaches, Walt Disney World and a small town in the middle of nowhere called Sonnyville where I was born and raised."
"Wait, you’re from a small town?"
"I get that a lot, but why, I don’t understand."
"I don’t mean any offense, it’s just that your personality is so," Kira moved her hands in a wide circle searching for the appropriate word.
"Charming?" Luke supplied.
"I think she means big," Miles chipped in and Luke sat down with a nod of defeat, but Kira just assumed it was more playing around, so she quickly agreed with Miles and smiled.
"You know, I just love your hair," Emma grabbed at Kira’s curly mess. "Do you dye it?"
"Nope, unfortunately it’s just what I was born with." Kira self-consciously put a hand to her head. She had always felt weird about her hair. It was a curly mess of bright red and almost white blonde strands that mixed to create a sort of strawberry blonde with a punch.
"Well, I’m jealous. I wish I had such natural volume and guys go crazy for a red head."
"Enough guys already go crazy for you," Dave finally spoke up, pulling Emma tighter into the crook of his arm. Ah, the jealous type, Kira thought.
Luke took a strand of her hair and wrapped the natural curl around his pointer finger. He stared at it intently, almost as if he were in a trance, and Kira stared at him, stuck.
"Luke, creepy much?" Emma chimed in. Luke dropped the curl immediately, and he and Kira both turned towards Emma. "Whoa, Luke, Kira has your psycho eyes."
"Really? Look at me," Miles asked with a curious expression. "Whoa," was all he said when they looked over at him.
"Let me see," Luke gently held Kira’s chin so she looked into his eyes. She realized why they were comforting before: she had never seen anyone with eyes quite like hers. They were barely green on the outer rim of the iris, but that hue was quickly overtaken by a yellow tint with red and orange specks that almost looked like fire. Most people were weirded out by it, but she liked that she wouldn’t be alone in that, at least for a year. "I didn’t think they’d look the same," Luke said softly. Kira paused at the words Luke clearly had not meant to say out loud.
"Well, obviously you wouldn’t think a complete stranger has the same eyes as you. What’s up with you today, Luke? You’re acting all mysterious." Kira silently thanked Emma for commenting. She was still trying to figure out what he was talking about.
The lunch bell rang and they all stood up. Kira had English with Luke, so he grabbed her arm and started pulling her through the all too confusing hallways she feared she would never figure out. After a few minutes, they arrived at the far side of the building and slid into their seats. More students began trickling in as the bell rang, but no teacher showed up.
"Mr. Bell is notorious for being late to class," Luke leaned over and whispered to Kira.
"Oh, really? How is he still-"
"Lukey," the girl Luke had labeled as a misfit plopped down on top of his desk. She had waist-length, stick-straight black hair and her eyes were impossibly blue, almost like ice. "Hitting on the new girl already? Tsk tsk, you should let her get to know everyone before she’s forced to settle on you."
"Diana," Luke said tersely. "I thought you graduated." She laughed and her eyes flashed almost white as she stared at Luke.
"No, no. I’m quite content to stay in high school forever. And, I had to wait for my boys." At their mention, the three boys who had been with Diana outside now walked into the classroom. Instantly Kira felt on edge, like there was something else going on here that she was not privy to but was somehow part of. The look on Luke’s face was strained. There was something happening between him and the others that no one else in the classroom but her could feel. She heard laughter and saw students hugging friends they hadn’t seen in a while, but in the back of the classroom there remained only the tension of a rubber band about to snap.
"Jerome, Tristan, John." Luke said each name with a stiff nod. They circled around him. Kira lost interest in the strained conversation and instead studied the newcomers. Jerome had black skin that miraculously seemed pale and the same steel blue eyes. He was built like a football player, like a running back who was speedy yet surprisingly strong. John had sandy blond hair, shaved close to his head, with a thin and streamlined build. Finally, she looked at the guy Luke had called Tristan. He seemed different to her somehow, with jet-black hair that hung over his eyes a little, and barely visible dimples that played on his cheeks. His eyes were also an icy blue, but they seemed deeper to her, like steep ravines she could fall into. He stayed out of the conversation, she noticed, as if lost in his own thoughts—ones that seemed more troublesome than the cutting remarks being doled out by his friends. He had a rebel without a cause look that made him perilous for a girl’s heart.
Suddenly, he turned to Kira and his eyes seemed to brighten a shade when they landed on hers. He stared, and Kira, who was never one to back down, returned his look with interest.
"Who are you?" He asked in a barely audible voice filled with surprise, one just loud enough to attract the attention of his friends and Luke. Kira melted at the sound. He was dangerous she knew, but something about him made her feel safe and afraid at the same time.
"Kira," was all she could respond with. They both looked at each other, trying to unlock the other’s secrets.
His friends came to circle her now and she felt cornered. Fear sparked in her heart, like a quick flash of lightning. She didn’t quite understand it, but she also couldn’t shake it.
"Well, what have we here?" Diana leaned in to really look at her and Kira thought she could read shock on the girl’s face, despite the confidence in her voice. Tristan laid a hand on Diana’s arm, almost like a warning, Kira thought.
"Diana, back off," Luke said and tried to come to Kira’s rescue, but it was Mr. Bell who saved her by running into the classroom very late and very out of breath.
"All right, simmer down people, I just lost track of time in the teacher’s lounge. Welcome to Advanced English, I expect everyone’s full attention for the entire first half of the year, and then after winter break, those of you who are college bound can do some slacking." A general cheer went up around the room. Even Kira, who didn’t really know how to slack off, let a smile out. She had already decided to take a gap year to work and hopefully travel, but a little slacking wouldn’t be too awful. "We’re starting the year off with Shakespeare," the cheer changed to a groan. "Come on now, I’ll show you that Shakespeare can be cool, starting with acting lessons. For the next few weeks, we are going to perform scenes from the plays we read, starting with the age-old classic Romeo and Juliet. Next week we’re going to practice acting out emotions, so everyone please put those game faces on."
The rest of class passed rather quickly as Kira decided she liked Mr. Bell more and more. He was a young teacher who treated them like friends rather than students. Unlike her teachers in New York, she could tell Mr. Bell truly loved teaching and it wasn’t just a job.
"Hey Luke," she asked when class ended and the students all dispersed. "What was that at the beginning of class? I thought you said you barely knew anything about those guys."
"I don’t Kira. I don’t know anything but a mutual disgust. Can we just leave it at that?" She nodded okay but it wasn’t sincere. Something had to have caused that much hatred. At first, she thought maybe Diana and Luke used to date, but it seemed less like jealousy and more like something else, something intense that she couldn’t quite put her finger on.
Kira didn’t see Luke for the rest of the day and finally retreated to her car after finishing her last class.
On her way home, she stopped at the supermarket to pick up ingredients for her latest recipe, one she thought up instead of going over differential equations in calculus. All she had ever wanted to do was be a chef. And, while other students her age were applying to college, she was practicing her knife and cooking skills whenever she got the opportunity, resulting in lots of good food for her family and lots of experience for future entrance examinations at culinary schools. During her gap year, Kira would hopefully be perfecting her skills in a real restaurant kitchen, but for now she just practiced on her own. Tonight Kira was feeling homey, so she bought fresh tomatoes, spices and flour to make some good old-fashioned spaghetti.
When she came home, the house was empty. Her father, she remembered, had job interviews all day with banks in Charleston’s city center. She assumed her mother was with her baby sister at the pool, since she was still too young for kindergarten. Even now, Kira never really grasped who the mistake was, her or her sister.
As Kira dug her fingers into the tomatoes she had just sliced, she thought about her family. Her mother had flaming red hair and her father’s head was covered with a muddy brown color that was nothing special. His mother apparently had bright blonde hair, which was where Kira got the mix, but her grandparents had died before she had been born. Her sister was barely four with the same brown hair as her father, straight and normal. When Kira was born, her parents had been twenty-three, which seemed just old enough to have a child, and when her sister was born they had been thirty-six, which seemed just young enough. Kira remembered about five years ago when she got the news. She had just begun boarding school and was thirteen, a rather inopportune age to realize your parents were still sexually active enough to have a child. Those scars were erased as soon as Kira held her little sister in her arms and looked into her bright green eyes, ones that lacked the yellow center but were filled with warmth. Even now, she couldn't wait for her mother to come home so she could play with Chloe, who always liked helping her in the kitchen (as much as a four year old could).
With the sauce finished, Kira turned towards the pasta. She stirred the batter while reliving her first day. One of the amazing things about cooking was the therapy it provided. She could think about Luke, who at first glance she had figured to be the overly cocky yet oddly lovable boy, but there was something else there. When he looked at her, it was almost like he saw something she didn't understand and maybe didn’t want to know. In a way she was reminded of Cy, her ex-boyfriend in New York. They had only dated for a few months; it wasn’t love or anything, just fun for both of them. He had the same look as Luke, with bright blond hair that looked resolutely sun bleached. He had been overprotective of her, something that got old quickly. When she turned sixteen, he appeared out of nowhere and took over her life. But while the constant calling to check in was cute at first, Kira had grown more and more frustrated. Moving home was the perfect excuse to dump him. She thought Luke was more laid back, that she would like him as a best friend maybe, but there were traces of protection in his wannabe-knight manner. Maybe she could even date him.
Kira considered it, pondered the idea of a crush, but her mind slowly wandered from his familiar eyes to the icy blue ones belonging to Tristan.
Her hands stopped mixing at the thought of him, he was too much of a distraction, even for cooking. His brooding eyes seemed to hold pain and love, his dimples added a cute boyish factor, and his hair hung just low enough to make her want to run a hand through it. She could tell by looking at him that he had put up barriers and was full of secrets—ones that she would just love to unmask. He was the kind of boy you wanted to comfort and to kiss, the kind you knew would break your heart yet hoped against all odds wouldn't. The bad boy with a soft heart, the sort of trap a girl knowingly jumped into.
Stop it, she told herself and began kneading the dough to get out her frustration. They had barely said two words to each other, not nearly enough to begin crushing; especially when all she knew about him was that the one person she hoped to call a friend hated him.
"Kira, Kira!" She was shocked out of her thoughts by the four-year-old now attached to her leg. Kira looked at the dough. She had kneaded it far more than necessary and more than enough to let her sister play with the now soft putty.
"Want to help me make dinner?" She lifted Chloe onto the marble countertop next to the sink. Her mother came in and kissed her on the cheek.
"How was your first day?"
"Oh, fine." She saw her mother sink a little. She wanted more details.
"Any friends yet? Any guys? Now that you're home I’d hope to get some more information out of you."
"Well, there was this one guy," Kira began telling her mom about Luke and how he had saved her. She could tell her mother was enjoying the teenage gossip she had missed out on while Kira had been up north, but she couldn’t bring herself to speak about Tristan. For now, he would be her secret, the first real one she had kept from her mother.
Damn you, Kira thought to herself, if you’re causing me this much trouble now I can only imagine what will happen if we ever have an entire conversation.



Chapter Two

When Kira arrived at school the next day, Luke was waiting for her outside the entrance. She was happy for the escort, but wanted to try walking herself to class to test her memory of the layout. Luke let her lead, which resulted in two miss-turns and a five minute tardy to class, but she had still gotten them there on her own, which was something.
In no time, Kira’s morning classes whizzed by and she was sitting with her newfound friends in the cafeteria, feeling like she had an actual place in the school.
"Dude, Wonder Woman is definitely hotter than Catwoman," Luke said to Miles. The two had been in a heated debate since their teacher had mentioned comic books in chemistry class.
"No way man, Catwoman is totally badass and she wears a leather costume. Leather!"
"Okay, Wonder Woman wears a bathing suit, and has super human stamina, and can fly." Luke’s mouth hung open in disbelief that they were even still talking about the subject.
"Catwoman has a whip."
"Wonder Woman has an invisible flying plane."
"Dude, leather plus whip plus hint of evil wins every time."
Dave decided to chime in with, "Luke, I think Miles has you there."
"Ladies? Come on, help me out." Luke peered over with puppy dog eyes and a slight pout graced his lower lip.
"Speaking as a completely heterosexual female, I have to say that Catwoman is definitely hotter," Kira spoke up, hoping to end the completely absurd debate. "Now, here’s a real question: Batman or Superman? I have to go with Superman every time."
At that Miles spit out his drink, "You have got to be kidding me." Kira laughed and let the new debate continue now with male subjects who were of much more interest to her.
She eventually tuned the conversation out when Miles and Luke began spitting words at each other, most likely forgetting to breathe. She looked around the cafeteria, at all of the different groups, before her eyes eventually wandered out the window to the person she was secretly searching for. When her view landed on their table, every single one of the misfits was looking at her. Jerome, John and Diana held their gazes for a moment until looking away, but Tristan kept staring.
Kira’s breath caught. She didn’t understand or want their interest. Well, she secretly wanted Tristan’s, but not the others. She smiled at Tristan, trying to change his sort of gloomy stare for a flirtier one. He just looked away, confusing her more.
Luke nudged her, "Come on, it’s time to go to class." They walked together, winding through the sunlit hallways, and sat down quietly until Mr. Bell walked in flustered again. Kira looked over her shoulder during class to catch all of the misfits staring at her again. She held Tristan’s eye one more time until Luke tapped her shoulder to pass her a note. He sufficiently distracted her with funny notes for the rest of class, but the hairs on the back of her neck remained standing for the entire period.
"Luke, why do they keep staring?" Kira asked as they followed everyone out of the room.
"Don’t worry about it. It’s just because you’re new. I’m sure it will wear off soon."
It didn’t. Every day for the rest of the week Kira was under scrutiny. The misfits would only looked away when she finally turned to meet their gazes. Kira was confused, but more than anything, annoyed.
"I’m going to confront them," she told Luke after school let out on Friday afternoon. Her first week was complete, but she felt like things were only just beginning.
"Kira, leave it alone." He shook his head; exasperated with the conversation they had had every day this week. "The more it bothers you, the more they do it. They’re jerks. If you ignore them, I’m sure they’ll stop."
"I can tell from your voice that you don’t believe what you just said. Do you know what’s going on?" Kira made Luke stop walking before they reached her car, which was only a few steps away. She wanted to delve deeper into what Luke was obviously hiding from her.
"Nothing, it’s just who they are." He turned away, not able to meet her eyes, and continued his stroll.
"Well, we’ll see next Monday. If I catch them staring again, I’m going to talk to them. I’m not really one to stand idle when I’m annoyed."
"I’m starting to realize that," Luke said in a resigned voice and leaned against the trunk of her small car. "Do what you want to. I doubt I could stop you anyway."
Kira laughed, "I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship, Luke. We are definitely starting to understand each other." He put an arm around her shoulders, pulling her against the car, and smiled. The playful mood finally returned to their conversation, the way it always did.
"Hey, you have to come to the beach with us tomorrow. Apparently, it’s a school tradition. The entire senior class goes to Folly Beach and has a sort of picnic-type event."
"Sounds great." Kira jumped from his grasp and dug through her purse for her car keys. When she found them, they said their goodbyes, and Kira stepped into her car for a mellow Friday night with the family.
The next morning, Kira was jarred awake by a booming alarm, dragging her out of that perfect place between being asleep and being awake, when everything seemed so serene. She flopped her hand on the clock to shut it off, stretched out her back, and rolled over to see sunbeams cast through the yellow sheers on her window. Beautiful, she thought, still trying to hold on to that limbo.
After a few minutes, she was finally awake enough to stand and to start preparing for the beach. She flung the curtains aside, felt the sun warm through her, and headed towards the closet to find the perfect bikini and cover-up combo. The white bedazzled two-piece might be too flashy and her new brown one didn’t really go with her hair, so Kira decided on her new Kelly Green bikini that would definitely flatter her hair and maybe even her eyes. She threw on her favorite beach cover-up, a pink and green polka dotted strapless dress she picked up last summer, and flip flops to prevent from seeming too fancy. After a look in the mirror, Kira decided it was New York chic meets low-key beachy.
She had told Luke she would bring a picnic basket, eager to let some new people taste her food. After making a killer pasta salad and cold cut sandwiches with her special sauce—that was a hint of mayo, a hint of mustard and a little something secret—she was ready to go. Kira walked outside to wait for Luke to pick her up, and was shocked to see a huge pick-up truck careen around the corner with Dave and Miles lounging next to surf boards in the bed of the truck. Kira opened the paint-flaked passenger side door to a giggle-fest between Luke and Emma, and hopped in beside them.
"What is going on in here?" She asked, "something I should be telling Dave about?"
"Nothing, nothing," Emma finally calmed down enough to breathe, but her face was red from laughing so hard, "one of those things that’s only funny if you saw it."
"What? Come on, I have to know."
"For a minute, in the rearview mirror," Luke coughed to keep the new round of laughs at bay, "it looked like Miles and Dave were making out." He and Emma broke down again.
"Do I need to drive?" Kira said in a jokingly condescending voice.
"No, no, I got this." Luke composed himself and revved the engine.
The drive to Folly Beach didn’t take long, especially with Kira, Luke and Emma singing country at the top of their lungs, while Miles and Dave stuck their heads through the back window to occasionally join in as back-up singers.
When they arrived, Kira was amazed at the quintessential surf town she had never known existed just a short drive outside of Charleston. Beach shacks and inexpensive hotels lined the shore, while surf shops and local restaurants called in most of the crowd.
They parked and practically ran down the rickety wooden boardwalk that led them through the dunes and onto the sand. The long flat beach was already lined with students from their high school. Some held not so discreet brown paper bags with bottle rims poking out, while others had coolers masking mixed drinks. Dave, Miles and Luke dragged their surfboards along the beach behind Emma who was scouting a location. Kira followed, soaking in the view of fluffed clouds softening the bright blue sky, all fading into the deeper blue waters of the ocean in front of her. She let the sun warm her skin, and itched to lie down on a towel and not move for hours. A little in the distance, jetting past breaking waves into the deep ocean, she saw the famous Folly Beach Pier.
"Kira, come on," Emma waved her over to the small square of sand the group had claimed. She quickly moved through the maze of towels to meet her friends.
"Sorry," she said while sitting down on the towel they had laid out for her. "Who wants food?"
"Me!" Her friends chorused in unison. Kira opened up the picnic basket she had packed and handed out the sandwiches. After leaning her elbows back on the squishy sand to look at the view, she sighed, "Man, this is the life."
"I’ll second that. This sandwich is incredible. What did you put in this? Drugs? I can’t stop eating," Luke marveled and Miles seconded with a grunt, since his mouth was completely full.
"I was talking about the view and the weather, not the food, stupid. The sun feels so great, especially after the first week of school. The tension is literally melting from my body," Kira laid back down on her towel to soak it all in. The sun had always been her favorite thing. Feeling the heat and warmth it radiated always gave her a sense of inner-peace. She had spent many afternoons in Central Park while living up north, but nothing could compare to the feel of the sand scratching your toes, the sun prickling your skin and the surf rolling in your ears.
And then Kira felt it, that tingle at the base of her neck that told her something was wrong. She opened her eyes to look around, and saw that Jerome, John and Diana were walking onto the beach. They looked away when she saw and Kira finally broke. In school it was one thing, but ruining her perfect moment of relaxation went way too far. She stared at them while they walked along the shore and took careful glances in her direction. When they sat down, yards to her left, Kira turned away. Experimenting, she looked back and met each of their eyes, catching them in the staring act yet again.
"This is ridiculous." Kira stood, dusted the sand off of her legs, and marched over towards the misfits before her friends even had time to realize she’d left. Four eyes watched her carefully as she swiftly dodged people and came to a stop at the edge of the bright blue towel Tristan lounged on.
"Okay, what is your problem with me?" She flung her arms wide, searching for some answer that made sense.
"You exist," Diana spoke coldly. Kira was shocked and she flinched. It wasn’t the response she had expected.
"And what about my existence is so terrible that I can’t turn around without you guys all staring at me?"
"Not terrible, intriguing," Tristan spoke up before Diana could, his head tilted as he pondered her. Kira couldn’t imagine what about her had caught their interest so much, and she was beginning to not even like Tristan’s watchful eye. But, then again, she couldn’t help noticing the outline of a six-pack etched in his pale skin and how the sun made his eyes look even bluer. It wasn’t so bad.
"You’re completely ignorant of everything," Jerome said to her in a deep, rumbling voice, "it’s…alluring." She didn’t like how he looked at her with a glimmer of malice in his eye. And even staring at Tristan shirtless wasn’t enough to keep her there much longer.
"Look, I lived in Manhattan for five years. I’m hardly ignorant compared to almost everyone else who goes to our school, and I’m tired of this. Get over whatever it is you think you know about me, and leave me alone." Kira walked away, hoping she had gained an upper hand and that they would stop. When she turned her head back around, they were gazing at the ocean, hoisting up surfboards and ignoring her. She smiled, glad she had faced them, but also confused. What had Jerome been talking about? Why would he think she was ignorant when he had never even spoken to her before?
"Kira!" She stopped her unhappy thoughts and turned to Luke, who looked concerned. "You okay?"
"Yeah, I’d just had enough, like I told you before." He nodded.
"Come on, I’m making you surf with me and Dave. Go grab Miles’ board and meet us out there."
She quickly took off her cover-up and lifted the heavy board from the sand. "Thanks Miles," she yelled after she turned and started walking towards the water. When she stepped into the waves, she instantly knew this would be a much more enjoyable swim than those she went on in the Hamptons. Instead of walking into freezing cold and almost paralyzing waters, this ocean was bathwater warm. Kira smiled at the change, already starting to appreciate the permanent move down south, and headed out towards her new friends who she felt like she had known for a lifetime.
After jumping on the board and awkwardly paddling past the waves, Kira made it to Dave and Luke, who sat like pros with their feet dangling in the water and the nose of their short boards angled up into the air. Kira noted her own very long board, which hadn’t left the surface of the undulating water even though she sat on its back tip.
"Why is my surfboard so huge? I could barely lift the thing."
"It’s a beginner board," Dave spoke up now that the conversation was of real interest to him, "We only started teaching Miles about a month ago, and he’s taking a little while to get the hang of it."
"Don’t worry. I can tell you’re a natural," Luke chimed in and playfully nudged the edge of her board with his foot, almost sending Kira into the ocean. "Well, maybe not a natural, but it’s really not that difficult."
Kira nodded and listened to their detailed instructions carefully. She had never heard Dave speak so much. That alone was exciting as he told her exactly what she had to do. When the wave was approaching, paddle as quickly as she could, then make one last push right when it felt like the wave had complete control. Quickly put her palms on opposite sides of the board and push her chest up. Then, she had to move her right foot perpendicular to her left knee while still keeping most of her leg on the board for balance. Finally, the hardest part, she had to jump up by swinging her left leg through her arms in front of her other leg and then lift her upper body up while keeping her legs bent.
Easy, right? Kira tried to assure herself, but as she waited for a wave, Kira couldn’t stop the anxiety from building in her chest. How fast did these boards really go? Kira was no adrenaline junkie by any means, so in the back of her mind she tried to envision a Blue Crush scenario where she becomes a super hot surfer chick who woos a professional quarterback to try and calm herself.
"Here comes a wave. Start paddling, Kira!" Luke and Dave shouted at her. She started pushing her arms through the water with as much power as she could muster, felt the push one of the boys gave her right at the end, and then the wave was in control. She pushed up on her palms, moved her leg forward as quickly as she could, and promptly lost her balance by swinging the board over and crashing into the water. She rolled around underwater, riding the wave in like the boys told her, and felt the strong tug of her ankle strap as her board and her went in opposite directions. Finally, the speed slowed and she was able to break through to the surface of the water to swim over to her board. Kira flopped her arms over the board, rested her head for a few moments and then looked up to search for Dave and Luke. She waved to them, gave a thumbs up, then jumped back on her board to paddle back out.
"I’m going to do this," she told them resolutely as she spun her board around back towards the shore. She turned for a second to watch Tristan who had just stood up on the wave. He looked like such a natural. She watched as he took steps along his board to control speed and did a few tricks despite the smaller nature of the waves. She was totally captivated by it.
"Kira, here comes a set," Dave brought her back around and she started paddling again. This time, Kira did it by herself without a push from Luke, and got caught in the movement of the wave. After a few seconds, she toppled over, but this time it was when she tried to fling her foot to the front to stand. She paddled out after escaping the churning waters, already feeling the exhaustion in her arms, but not ready to give-up yet.
After about ten more tries ending in belly flops, Kira had about reached that point where she was ready to give-in.
"I cannot do this," she told the boys after lying back on the board and resting her body. "It is physically impossible for me to stand up on this board." She crossed her arms, trying to maintain her balance while also looking stubborn. It was a difficult task.
"Come on," Luke prodded her with his finger, "wakey wakey."
"No," she put on a five year old voice.
"One more try, I have a really good feeling about this one."
"Oh, fine," she sat up and let him spin her board around. Kira looked back at Tristan, hoping to spot him in action, and instead met his eyes, which had seemed to turn the color of the sky. He lifted the corner of his mouth in a half smile, which she first thought was meant for her, until he turned to watch Jerome who had stood up on his board to do a pretty good impression of her last fall, which was a total body flip off her board as soon as she had attempted to lift her hands and stand. Spurned into anger, Kira decided to act. She had always thought that nothing was as good a motivator as being mad and shoving someone’s joke back in their face.
"Luke, I am so ready for this. Don’t push me into the wave. I just got that feeling where I know I am going to kick some ass." He took his hand off her board to let her try by herself.
Kira saw the set approaching and, like Luke had said, let the first and usually smallest wave go by. She started paddling for the second one and felt the acceleration when the wave latched onto her. Quickly, Kira lifted her upper body, smoothed her foot along the board until it came perpendicular to her knee, flung her left leg to the front of the board and stood as quickly as she could. She waited to lose her footing, to slip off of the edge, but that moment never came. She paid close attention: never letting the board wobble too much and trying to hold her own against the water rushing her towards the shore. This is exhilarating, Kira thought. The excitement mounted in her with every moment that she didn’t fall and with every increase in her speed. When she finally felt herself slow down and saw the sandy beach through the water, Kira threw her hands up in the air, leaped off her board, and jumped up and down, splashing water everywhere.
Luke and Dave rolled in on the third wave, only seconds behind her. Luke picked her up and spun her around while Dave slammed her hand in a high five. She looked over at Tristan again and caught the grin curving his lips. Maybe he had been rooting for her all along, she mused.
"That was awesome," Kira said with a beaming smile.
"It really was, now let’s grab some food." Luke turned towards the towels with a hopeful look that silently prayed Emma and Miles hadn’t emptied out the cooler.
"What? Food? I just got the hang of this." The boys looked at her with sad baby faces. "Okay, you guys go eat, I’m going to try for a few more waves."
"You sure?" Dave asked and Kira could tell he had finally warmed up to her. A day in the water could do wonders.
"Go, go. I’ll be in soon," she shooed them along and then threw herself back on her board to paddle out past the breaking waves. As she caught the next wave, Kira knew she had the technique down. She rode in perfectly and paddled out for more. After a few turns on the small waves, she decided to try for something bigger.
Tristan sat alone in the water, closer to the pier where the waves were breaking earlier and getting larger. Some part of Kira wanted to prove to him that he was wrong, wrong in judging her based on stolen glances and wrong in making fun of her. Kira could feel his eyes on her as she paddled closer, and maybe she was being too self-assured or was too pressed by the anger he had sparked in her, but Kira knew she had to try to show him something about her that he hadn’t already assumed. Kira never met his stare. She didn't want him to know how much his presence affected her, and so she instead looked out at the horizon for the next set.
Kira saw the curl, saw it break early against the pier and paddled with all the strength she had left. When the wave got closer, she knew it was too big for her to handle and almost wanted to back out, but Tristan was still watching her. The wave picked her up and pushed her faster than she had ever gone before. When she tried to stand, her board nosedived with the speed and Kira fell head-first over her board and into the water. She flipped underwater a few times, felt the strain of her board pulling her forward until she finally broke to the surface for air.
After a gulp, the next wave crashed and she was thrown under again. She caught her breath for a moment of relief before the third wave in the set smacked her and she had nothing left to fight. The wave pushed her under and her board smacked her forehead. She felt a moment of pain and then nothing. She was sinking. Her board tugged her, pulling her underwater. And then Kira fell into darkness.
"Kira, come on," she heard the command in his deep voice, but couldn't respond. "Kira, wake up." A hand slapped her in the face, once, twice, a third time and then her eyes shot open and she tried to breathe, but her throat was stuck. Someone flipped her to her side as she began coughing, and finally she spit up what seemed like a gallon of water. Kira laid down again and closed her eyes, wanting to sleep.
"Kira!" She felt one more smack on her face. "You have to stay awake." She opened her eyes and saw the blurry outline of a boy with dark hair and pale skin.
"Tristan?"
"Hello," she saw the corner of his mouth curve upwards despite her uneasy vision.
"What happened?"
"You were being stupid." She started to remember the wave and wipeout, and then her anger brimmed back to the surface.
"Only because you were being an ass," she grumbled and he laughed.
"Come on, try to sit up." Tristan curved an arm around her back to help lift her up. She noticed, at that moment, that they both wore only bathing suits and she was basically sitting on his lap. Kira tried to discreetly look at his chest, which was quite chiseled, and then she noticed the nice bulge of a bicep in his arm. Kira let her eyes wander a few moments longer until Tristan picked her up far enough for the pain in her head to finally hit. She groaned, put a hand to her head and curled into his body a little more.
"Ow."
"Yeah, your board got you pretty bad."
"I know." Kira was starting to get annoyed by his habit of stating the obvious. She pulled her hand back for a moment. "Crap! I’m bleeding." He stared at her hand, which was covered in running red liquid, until she put it back to her head. Kira noticed he was staring again, but this time at her wound. She felt him lean in closer, inspecting it she hoped. After a minute, she couldn’t take it.
"Tristan, tell it to me straight. How bad is it?" She felt him jerk as if she had interrupted him mid-thought.
"Oh. It’s nothing. You’ll be fine. Might need a few stitches." He sat her up on her own and moved back a foot.
"Thanks…for helping me, I mean." She looked at Tristan, saw a few different emotions pass over his face until he finally settled on the half-smile she had started to like. Tristan grabbed a shirt from the unguarded towel next to him, looked at it, looked at Kira, and shrugged. He put it to her head, told her to hold it there, and helped her stand up.
"Get away from her." Luke’s voice boomed from behind her. He came barging in and pushed Kira to the side.
"Chill out, Luke. I didn’t do anything."
"I don’t care. Leave." Kira had never heard such anger in Luke’s voice.
"And if I don’t want to," Tristan asked. Kira knew he was saying it more to test Luke and less because he really needed to stay.
"Then," Luke paused, clenched his fists, looked around, and punched Tristan in the face. For a moment Kira thought she saw a flashing light, but she quickly realized it must have been the sun, which had previously been silhouetted behind the two boys. Tristan fell over and rolled once on the ground.
"Luke! Stop it. He just saved my life."
"Come on, Kira," Luke tugged her hand. She glanced back at Tristan, who just nodded to her, and followed Luke. "We have to take you to the hospital." She didn’t mention the punch, wanting to wait for a good time. Instead she went with her friends back to the car, listened to them talk about trivial things to distract her, allowed Luke to carry her into the hospital, and tried to process the thoughts churning in her head.



Chapter Three

During the car ride home from the hospital, Kira tried to drone out the lecture her parents were offering from the front seat. Surfing is dangerous, blah blah blah. She put her hand to her scalp and felt the five stitches that had been sewn there to hold her skin together. She was just relieved it had been the back of her head—losing a little hair was nothing compared to having a scar on her face.
Kira noticed her little sister was starting to nod off and pulled her head over so it rested on Kira's lap. She ran her hand through her sister’s silky soft hair, looked outside at the moss covered trees passing by, and did her best to respond to her mother at the necessary moments, so she would think Kira was listening.
When Kira reached her hand up to the back of her head a second time, she finally realized how close she had come to drowning—a fact she would never tell her parents. She didn’t even remember getting out from under the water. All she could remember were the waves pounding her every time she tried to surface and the searing pain of her board hitting her on the head. Kira couldn’t blame surfing. She could only blame her own stupidity. She’d known the waves were too big, but she was too stubborn to stop when she had a point to prove. Hopefully Tristan had been trying to prove a point too—maybe he didn't hate her like she knew his friends did.
When she got home, Kira ran to her room and called Emma. She needed to discuss things with a girl. For her entire life, Kira had been one of those girls that was one of the guys. Now, she needed a girl who was her opposite to help her dissect the situation. After half an hour, headlights pierced through the window and Kira went downstairs to get the door.
"Oh my God," was the first thing Emma said, "we have so much to discuss. Let’s grab some comfort food. Do you have potato chips? I can’t resist."
Kira grabbed some cookies and chips from the kitchen, and led Emma outside to the back porch. She sat on the hammock while Emma curled up on the wicker chair.
"You know, Kira, it’s a little spooky out here. You live kind of far into the woods." Emma hugged her legs a little tighter and searched the surrounding woods for anything terrifying.
"Trust me, I know, but you get used to it." Kira let Emma get the search out of her system, and lay down, peering past the edge of the porch roof to search for stars.
"So who first? Luke or Tristan? Don’t tell me you called me over here just to gaze mysteriously at the sky." Kira sighed.
"I know." Kira chewed her lip for a moment, thinking. "You choose. I’m just as confused by both of them."
"Well then, I’ve been dying to tell you what a freaking god Tristan looked like when he carried you out of the water. You, of course, were dangling there like a dead fish, but let me tell you." Emma shook her head as if there were no words and fanned herself.
"Wait, he carried me out?" Kira grabbed a chocolate chip cookie. Reliving a near death experience required chocolate, especially when someone just said you looked like a dead fish in the arms of a god. Great description.
"Yes, dummy, how else do you think you ended up on the sand?"
"I don’t know…"
"Well, anyway, let me paint you the picture, because it was like a scene from a movie, or more likely from Baywatch, but still unreal. The guys and I are sitting on the towels, chatting and eating, when suddenly Luke looks up and is like ‘Where’s Kira’ and the guys start to freak out because they don’t see you anywhere. Then, I look out all the way down towards the pier and tell them you moved over there to surf. Dave and Luke just shake their heads at each other, like they know you can’t handle it, and the four of us watch you try to catch that wave. For a second Dave is like ‘she’s gonna do it’ in that awed voice that is so cute. Anyway, instead, we see you wipe out huge and we all start laughing cause you just looked ridiculous, but then you don’t surface. We are all staring, and after two minutes we don’t see you and Luke goes running down the beach.
"Then, out of nowhere, Tristan emerges from a wave holding you in his arms. His body is dripping with water, making the sun bounce off of him, and his arm muscles are bulging. I mean, I practically heard every girl on the beach sigh with jealousy and have a momentary heart attack because of how hot he is. Anyway, he runs from the water, sets you down really gently, and then starts slapping you in the face. I didn’t get it, but we all saw you wake up while we were running over and were so happy, until we saw Luke punch Tristan in the face." At the mention, Kira groaned.
"Why did he do that?" She asked while grabbing another cookie. A near death experience followed by your guy friend punching your savior, and potential crush, in the face seriously required chocolate.
"Because, you my friend have been dropped right in the middle of a love triangle."
"No!" Kira put her head in her hands. Screw chocolate. She needed vodka. "Luke doesn’t like me like that, we’re friends, okay? Right? And Tristan, well, I don’t even know him."
"Listen to me," Emma said and put her hand on Kira’s shoulder. Kira sat up, looking her friend in the face. "No guy punches another guy over nothing and no guy is as attentive as Tristan is to you over nothing. Something is going on." That was right, Kira thought, but it wouldn’t be so simple as a love triangle. Something else was at play here. That much she knew. "I know you don’t want to hear it, but I’ve never seen Luke watch someone like he watches you, like he’s always looking to protect you. Maybe you should talk to him?"
"Yeah, you're right," Kira replied, wanting to leave it at that and not let Emma know she thought something else was going on. Luke wouldn't tell her anything, which was why Kira had invited Emma over—to dig up dirt that Luke would never tell her. She couldn't resist asking Emma, the boy genius, about Tristan. "So, do you think he actually likes me?"
"I knew it, I knew it. You are definitely crushing on Tristan, and, well, who can blame you." Her eyes started to glaze over.
"Um, Emma?"
"Right right, sorry. I love Dave, but a bad boy is always dreamy." Kira sighed to herself. Just what she didn’t want to hear.
"And you think Tristan is a bad boy?"
"Kira, please, let’s not state the obvious. The real question is would he change for you?"
Kira paused. "No?" She tried to convince herself and Emma that she wouldn’t be the one to try to change him. It never worked out she knew, but in the back of her mind Kira could hear a small part of her say yes.
"I don’t know, not yet. But I will, I promise, even if it takes all the knowledge of boys I possess and a little more snooping." Kira laughed, happy she and Emma had started this new stage of their friendship. It would be great to have a girlfriend who she could gossip with, and who could help her figure out her disheveled love life, something she had never been able to master.
"Have Tristan and Luke always hated each other?" Emma nodded her head while munching on a chip. "Do you know why?" Emma shrugged.
"I’d say it was an instantaneous thing. Miles was the first one of us to arrive, then I showed up a day after him and the next week Dave showed up with Luke right behind him. None of us really knew each other at that point, but I still remember when Luke walked into the lunchroom. We figured we would round him up, but when he walked down the cafeteria aisle, I remember he paused and looked right out the window towards the misfits. They all stood outside and stared back at him with seriously evil smiles, it was like a challenge or something. None of us knew what caused it, but that first day we met Luke he was nothing like he is now. He was angry the whole day and barely spoke to any of us. In fact, the next day we were all questioning if we wanted to let him in to the group, but he came back on his second day as the charming person we know and love. Still though, he changes around them. Oh, and there was Bethany."
Emma paused to grab another chip. She chewed on it slowly, her eyes lost focus on the forest around them, and Kira wanted to wring her friend’s neck in anticipation. This was it: this could be the explanation she had been looking for.
"Bethany?" Kira prompted.
"I’m trying to remember all the details. Bethany was the first girl Luke dated, here at least. They met his second week of school, and he was head over heels for her. After a month, we all knew he was in love, but none of us were as sure about her feelings. She was the kind of girl who tricks a guy into falling for her, but keeps a wandering eye." Emma rolled her own eyes to show her disgust. "The boys all loved her, but I had a feeling something was off. Anyway, there was this party and Bethany told Luke she was doing homework and couldn’t come out. So, we all went without her, but it was totally lame and we heard people were partying at the beach. We drove the extra fifteen minutes, and when we walked onto the beach the first thing we saw were Tristan and Bethany making out in the dunes. Luke ran over and punched Tristan in the face. By the time we got there, blood was all over Tristan’s face and Luke’s hand, and we had to pull him away. It was messy." Emma shook her head, and Kira flashed back to Luke’s punch on the beach. She was surprised Tristan hadn’t started gushing blood then too.
"Yeah, wow, I didn’t expect that. So I'll be the worst person ever if I try to date Tristan knowing Luke hates him and maybe likes me."
"Eh, fifty-fifty on that, but you have to do what you want." Emma looked at Kira with wide eyes, showing her that she meant those words.
Kira curled back up in the hammock and listened to the breeze as it ran through the trees. That was the clue she had been waiting for, but she wasn’t so happy now that she had it. Even if Luke and Tristan had hated each other from the start, Bethany had been the catalyst, and maybe she was drudging up old wounds. Kira needed to talk to Luke about this.
"Thanks for coming over Emma," Kira told her friend at the door an hour later. Their conversation had moved past Tristan and Luke into school gossip. But, it became so late that Kira’s pain meds had worn off and she knew she needed to sleep on everything.
"You know I’m here when you need me." They hugged and Kira watched her friend leave before shutting the door and heading upstairs. Instead of lying awake for hours, as she had expected, sleep came almost instantly—and thankfully dreamlessly, considering her tumultuous thoughts.
The first thing Kira did the next morning was Google search for a Starbucks, then call Luke to meet her there. In New York, coffee shops had been her favorite place to meet with friends, and she needed a comfortable spot to have this conversation with Luke. She loved the smell of coffee brewing and the artsy laid back feel that most coffee shops had. Everyone was in his or her own world, typing away at a computer or talking about the previous days’ events, but it was like a secret community.
Kira’s drive over was solemn, but when she arrived at Starbucks and sat down with a latte, she already felt more relaxed. The indie music of an up-and-coming artist was playing in the background, and she sank into her big leather seat to wait.
Luke walked in about ten minutes later, and she waved him over. When he sat down, Kira didn't really know where to start, so she waited for him to say something.
"So, how’s my hospital patient?" She smiled. Luke always did make her laugh.
"Fine, thanks. And, even though my mom thinks I’m crazy, I can’t wait to try surfing again."
"Such a bad ass," he smiled at her. She relaxed finally and tried to face what she came to say.
"Luke, believe it or not I didn’t just asked you for coffee to swap jokes, I actually need to talk to you about something." He nodded, prodding her on. She wasn’t sure how to tell him gently, so she figured it was like ripping off a band-aid. "Luke…I know about Bethany."
"Dramatic much, Kira? It’s not like she died." She knew him well enough to know he was trying to brush it off, but couldn’t quite.
"Emma came over last night and told me the whole story, and I know that’s why you hate Tristan."
"Kira, that’s not even half of why I hate Tristan. Can’t we just drop it?"
"Why won’t you talk to me? I feel like I just got plopped down into the middle of television show. I know all the characters, but none of the plot." Kira set her coffee cup down. Whenever she was angry, her hands had this bad habit of moving of their own accord, usually in wide sweeping circles that would definitely spill her warm, sugary latte everywhere.
"I can’t tell you. Trust me, I would because I know it would keep you away from Tristan, but I can’t." Luke leaned closer to her—his eyes crinkled at the edges as he pleaded with her to understand him and stop the argument.
"Why not?" Kira was angry now. She had known he was keeping things from her the moment they had met, but she couldn’t guess what it was or could even be.
"I just can’t, okay? Drop it, seriously."
There was an awkward pause. Kira wouldn’t speak until he gave something up and he wouldn’t give any information away. Luke fell back against his chair.
"So, surfing…"
"Oh, don’t change the topic," Kira snapped to shut him up. "There’s something else I want to talk about too, as long as we’re at a stalemate with the other topic…?"
"We are." He nodded his head to enforce the finality.
"Fine, then I need to ask you something." Kira picked her mug back up to ponder. On her ride over to the coffee shop, she debated talking to him about this in case it hurt his ego. But, now that she was angry with him for holding so much back and keeping so many secrets from her, Kira had no such reservations. "Luke, do you like me?"
"Sure, what’s not to like?" Kira stared at him, waiting. Typical of a man to totally misread the question entirely, she thought. "Oh…I mean, you’re great and all, but I really thought we’d just be friends, you know?"
Kira smiled, totally relieved. "Thank God. Me too. So, why did you punch Tristan yesterday if not jealousy?"
"Plead the fifth?" He grinned like a little boy.
"Luke, this is ridiculous. He saved my life. I would have died if not for him and you punched him in the face! Seriously, you have got to get over whatever it is that’s between you guys, because I won’t let you punch him in the face the next time he does something nice for me." Not like she knew he ever would. It could have been a one time, I was the closet person to you, sort of thing. But, Kira hoped not.
"I know you don’t understand, but eventually you will. And I hope I’m there to help you when that happens." Luke stood up and left, letting the door slam behind him. Kira remained sitting and sipped the rest of her coffee slowly. Now, she was really confused. Who wasn’t letting Luke talk or was he just using that as an excuse? Kira had thought he would be a best friend to her, but how can someone who won’t even explain himself be her best friend? Luke was clearly emotionally hurt about Bethany but wouldn’t talk, hated Tristan for something that happened a year ago, and hated him more for something he wouldn’t discuss. Maybe she would have to go to the source of the trouble. And what of him? All she knew about Tristan was that he had been a jerk to her, but then saved her life. Was that enough to redeem someone who everyone she knew disliked?
And what of love? Thank goodness Luke had no feelings for her, but Kira needed to decide for herself what she wanted from Tristan. He was gorgeous of course, but she barely knew him. She shouldn’t be catching her breath every time she saw him and getting little chills up her spine at the thought of him. But, there she was, looking out the window of the local Starbucks holding her breath and feeling a tingle when he unexpectedly stepped out of a car with Jerome, John and Diana in tow.
Tristan’s face didn’t have a single scratch from yesterday, and his pale skin was unmarred with a purple bruise. Kira was surprised. It had seemed like Luke had really hit him. Kira saw Tristan smile as Jerome said something funny, saw the dimple curve into his cheek and his hair fall over his eyes as he shook with laughter. He stopped before the others, and a dark look slowly gathered back to his face as his mouth curved down and his eyes became full of his own troubled thoughts again. Kira could read him just as easily as she read other people, she just couldn't read how he felt about her.
Kira watched as the four of them walked towards a sporting goods shop next door and quickly drank the rest of her latte. She waited until they went inside before sneaking over and carefully opening and closing the door without making a sound. Kira wanted to snoop now that she finally had the chance to get some real unguarded information.
Kira slowly walked down the aisles, checking each one with a quick peek before entering. She eventually spotted them in the surfing goods section at the back of the store and walked down the parallel aisle, trying to hear tidbits of their conversation. Through a small hole in the shelf, she could just barely see them, but it was enough for prime eavesdropping. They were talking about surfing wax because John needed a new one. Great. Kira thought. She was really going to learn a lot on this covert mission.
After a few minutes, staring at what looked like soap to Kira, they moved down towards the boards themselves. Tristan needed a new surfboard; he had abandoned his in the water when he dove in to save her. They started to talk about his rescue. This was exactly what she needed.
"Why’d you do it?" Kira heard John ask.
Tristan carefully examined the fins of a new board, and smoothed his hand along the bottom testing the curve of the wood. "I knew it would annoy Luke, and besides, we might be able to use her later. Letting her die would have been a waste." Kira stopped breathing so she could listen closer. This wasn’t about her at all. Maybe he would have even let her drown.
"Good thinking," Jerome praised him.
What was she to them? She would never let herself be used by anybody, ever. The fact that they thought she would was more proof that they were the ignorant ones and not her.
"I don’t think it’s as simple as you make it sound, Tristan." Diana seemed to spit the words. She put her hand on his, making him meet her gaze. "I see the way you’ve looked at her. The way you held her when she woke."
"Don’t be absurd." He looked back down like he couldn’t hold her gaze for too long. She threw his hand away from hers and off the board, so he couldn’t hide behind it.
"Jealously doesn’t become you," Jerome said to Diana.
"We’ll see," was all Diana replied with. Kira didn’t want to trust her ears. His concern had seemed so real on the beach. But, maybe Diana was right, maybe he was helping just because he wanted to protect her. Maybe, there were things he didn’t want his friends to know. Maybe, Kira started but then her tippy-toe balance failed her and she knocked the shelf, letting a few soccer balls fly off and bounce down the aisle. Crap, she thought and ran to another aisle to escape before they caught her. Kira heard one of them say to separate and check on who was listening, so she dove into the best hiding spot she could find: a tent that had been set up in the camping section. She zipped it halfway, to prevent from being too obvious, and hid behind the closed part of the flap.
Kira barely breathed for ten minutes until she saw the misfits walk past her tent with a surfboard and head for the cash register. Kira slowly emerged from the tent and calmly walked out the door.
"Miss, miss!" She turned to see an employee from the sporting store running after her. "I’m supposed to give you this." He handed her a small piece of paper and turned back towards his store. Kira stared at the folded note, unsure of whether to open it or let it fly away in the wind.
"Hi Kira. Nice hiding spot. Tristan." A shiver ran down her spine, of fear or of excitement she didn’t know. But, she did know one thing, he didn’t rat her out to his friends or they would’ve confronted her. So Tristan was keeping secrets, Kira thought, the question was really how many and from whom?



Chapter Four

For the next three weeks, Kira ignored Tristan. At school, she built her friendships with Luke, Miles, Dave, and Emma. At home, she played with her sister and practiced for culinary school. She was determined to not think of him and the drama he would bring into her life. Instead, Kira focused on all of the people and things she did have, and let that little part in the back of her head that longed for him get quieter and quieter. But, she couldn’t completely erase the nagging wish that he would be the one to break the silence and approach her.
On the first Saturday of October, Kira decided it was finally time to start working on her term paper about Charleston’s role in the war of ‘northern aggression’, more commonly referred to by the rest of the world as the American Civil War. Her history teacher had assigned the entire class a research paper due before Christmas about Charleston’s local history and involvement in the war. The open-ended question was to be interpreted in any form she wanted, and Kira thought it was more than annoying that most of the students had a lifetime of knowledge about the city compared to her meager month and summers spent mostly at the beach. Today would be her day to wander around and explore until something interesting caught her eye.
Battery Park was the first stop. Kira figured she would start from the southern most tip of Charleston and move north. As she walked along the wharf that ran parallel to the park, Kira saw that the civil war monuments still stood but their meaning had been left behind. Monuments had been erected to honor past heroes of the south and cannons were placed facing the open water as if still waiting for an attack to defend against. However, the mounds of cannon balls were now a play place for children pretending to be soldiers, and the statues were a challenge to little adventurers hoping to climb something more than a tree. The north had long since moved past the Civil War, but even in Charleston, a city engrossed in its own history, the past was beginning to be left behind.
Kira leaned against the metal fence, facing out towards the sea. In the distance, almost like a mirage, stood Fort Sumter, the ultimate spot of Charleston’s Civil War history. It seemed hard to believe that such a small island fortress had been such a huge stronghold and spot of aggression. But, she knew it was too easy of a pick for her paper and figured almost everyone in her class would be writing about it.
Kira turned back towards Battery Park just as a modern day horse and carriage rode past her. She tried to picture two women with hoop skirts and floppy hats riding around, probably pulled by a slave, and envisioned men wandering around in uniforms with muskets to patrol the streets against a potential northern invasion. She imagined a way of life come crumbling down, imagined the mansions in front of her exploding with cannon fire and all the beautiful trees around her lighting up in flames. For a moment she saw all of that, until she felt someone's breath on her neck and heard a whisper in her ear.
"Lost in thought?" Tristan’s deep voice sent a shiver down her spine, and a secret smile played upon her lips because he was officially the one who broke the silence. Since she had tested her own will power and had won, Kira decided it was perfectly fine to talk to him now.
"I was until you so rudely interrupted," she said playfully while turning her body to face his. Kira took note of his dark washed jeans and how they completely opposed her own white tank top and flower covered skirt.
Tristan shrugged and said, "Since I’ve already annoyed you, I guess there’s no real reason to stop." She couldn’t help but laugh, and he smiled in return. "What were you thinking about?" He leaned back against the rail, so his arm lightly brushed against hers.
"Hoop skirts and muskets," she blurted out.
"What?" He lifted one corner of his mouth and furred his eyebrows in a half-question, half-laugh.
"Oh, sorry, my Civil War paper." Kira frowned and looked beyond Tristan at Battery Park. "I see all of the history here, but I can’t seem to find a topic that really stands out to me."
"Come on," he put an arm around her shoulders. "Who better to show you around than a Charleston native?" He started to guide her towards a cannon across the street.
After not speaking for three weeks, Kira had never expected to have Tristan as her own personal tour guide, but it was perfect. He seemed to know everything about the city, and spending the afternoon with him was exactly what she needed to get the paper done. It also happened to be exactly what she wanted in her heart.
Tristan led her around Battery Park first, pointing out a huge mansion that was a wedding gift from a father to a daughter after the war, and another beautiful town home that still had a piece of shrapnel lodged in the roof from a northern attack. He explained that Battery Park had been Charleston’s first line of defense against any ships that made it past Fort Sumter and had not always been so picturesque. They kept walking as Tristan pointed out famous cemeteries where confederate soldiers were buried and tons of buildings that had been preserved during the war that were truly from historic Charleston. They walked to the old slave market, which was now a flea market where local artisans could sell their goods. He showed her where the slaves had been kept, how they were sold and where they were eventually set free. He painted the picture of a graceful city with an ugly undercurrent of racism that still needed to be weeded out.
"How do you know all of this?" She questioned him after two hours.
"You pick up a lot when you live here," he shrugged, "Charlestonians are very proud of their history."
"I guess, but you describe it like you lived there." He breathed out a laugh, one that almost sounded like a sigh.
"Do you actually believe that’s possible?" His squinted eyes caught hers at that moment and she knew there was more to this question, some deeper meaning. Her heart skipped a beat. Was it possible?
"Of course not," she looked away flustered and focused on the old woman sitting on a blanket on the sidewalk weaving a straw basket. She could have been from a different era and almost seemed out of place near the busy intersection where cars zoomed by behind her. Kira looked back at Tristan. Did he fit into the scene? His constant brood made it seem like he was years older than he looked. She knew he had more on his mind than the average seventeen-year-old, but was that enough to start believing impossible things?
"Come on," he nodded to the side making his hair slip to shield his eyes. When the piercing blue was hidden in shadow, Kira finally felt she could breathe and stopped her mind before it dreamed up even crazier theories. "I want to take you to my favorite place in the city."
They walked for a while, lightly chatting to avoid any serious topics, before Tristan stopped in front of a huge building. Four round columns shot upwards into a huge triangular frieze that reminded Kira of a roman temple, until she looked further up and saw the top of a steeple. The building was huge but rather plain with large wooden doors and sweeping windows, but no ornate decorations marred the beauty of the architecture. The yellow tinted stone created a beautiful contrast against the blue sky, and Kira tried to take it all in before she looked to her left to read the sign that stated ‘Saint Philips Episcopal Church’. Kira was a little shocked. She had never figured Tristan as the religious type.
"I know what you’re thinking, but it’s because of the view." He started to enter and she had no real choice but to follow. When she walked inside, the sanctuary took her breath away. Huge white columns rose toward an arched ceiling that was also a polished white. The marble floor led her eye past the ivory pews towards a huge stained glass window behind the altar. With the sunlight beaming through, the window acted almost like a kaleidoscope, casting colors around the otherwise bare room. Kira looked up at the balconies that ran parallel down the sides of the church and were composed of carved mahogany creating a striking contrast. And when she turned, an organ took up the majority of the back wall and she could almost feel the music coming from the great instrument.
"Kira, come on." Tristan stood beneath the organ and waved her over. "This is nothing."
He walked over to the wall at the left corner of the church and Kira watched him dubiously. Suddenly, what had seemed like solid plaster creaked open as Tristan found the secret latch he had been searching for. He pulled the thick door and moved his arm towards the opening as if to say ‘After you miss’.
"Is this allowed?" Kira asked while she peered into the darkness.
"Rules are made to be broken," Tristan said with a wry smile. She knew it was a challenge, could she drop her usually straight-laced mentality?
Kira smiled back and started walking. As she passed through the hidden entry, she found a wooden staircase that creaked when she put her weight on the first step. She saw the light disappear and heard the door shut as she continued to climb with Tristan following behind her.
When she reached the top, she could see the structure of the arched ceiling, and knew they were above one of the balconies. Kira tried not to touch any of the dirt and dust that she was sure held tons of nasty insects she would rather keep away from, and followed Tristan’s exact movements as he confidently strode towards a second door. Cobwebs draped from the handle and Tristan swiped them away. She knew they were definitely not supposed to be up here, but was too intrigued to see what waited at the end of the climb and was too scared to turn around and face the darkness alone.
Kira’s breath became labored as they walked further and further up the never ending staircase she could only assume belonged to the steeple. Finally, she saw light and as she turned around the circular steps. A window appeared. She peeked through the grimy glass to see that they were well above the city skyline.
"We’re almost at the top," Tristan looked back to tell her as if he had heard her stop. Kira started climbing again, energized by the fact they had almost reached their destination. At last, the steps gave way to a wooden platform and Kira saw church bells and a long rope that hung through a hole in the floor. She followed Tristan around through the maze of bells, until he finally sat down on a cushioned bench right next to a huge window. He took his sleeve and cleaned the dust away, so when Kira looked outside, she could see for miles.
"Wow," was all she could say. Kira looked out towards the harbor and saw Fort Sumter and Battery Park from a new angle. The mansions seemed small, and even the trees looked like toys from that high up. She swore she could see all the way to the ocean and counted the sailboats in the harbor that looked more like white speckles than large ships.
"I know, it’s pretty amazing right? Best view in the city." Tristan motioned to the other side of the bench. She sat down while still soaking in the scene.
"How’d you find out about this place?" Kira looked at him and noticed he was just as caught up by the sight as she was.
"My mother showed me," he paused and Kira saw his eyes lose focus as he jumped back into his own memory. "It was a long time ago," he said after a few moments of silence.
"Do you miss her?" She asked, guessing she must have died when he was young. Tristan nodded and she saw him retreat again.
"You can talk to me," she reached out to grab his hand. He met her gaze when their fingers touched. She felt the sadness in his melancholic blue eyes, but didn’t know what to do about it.
"I believe you," he grasped her hand and they remained quiet for a moment, just feeling comforted in one another’s presence.
Kira looked at her palm resting on Tristan’s lap and wondered if she could have ever guessed that the day would lead her here. In the corner of her eye she noticed something peeking out of Tristan’s pocket—something she hadn’t seen when he had been standing.
"What’s that?" She asked and he followed her eyes to see what she meant. Kira watch him pull a small moleskin notebook from his pocket and accepted it when he handed it to her.
"It’s just sketches, you can take a look if you want."
"You draw?" She opened the book.
"Just as a hobby."
Kira imagined more than saw his shrug because she quickly became engrossed by his small pencil drawings. There were pages of hands that were perfectly shaded and seemed to leap from the paper. There were outlined sketches of people playing in parks, dogs running and children hanging on swings. She came upon a series of pages dedicated to different people sitting on benches—one an old woman whose laugh lines told the story of a beautiful life, another a homeless man who was draped in newspapers for warmth, a third a couple holding hands and staring out towards their future.
"Tristan, these are amazing," Kira told him without pausing to look up. She continued to flip through the small notebook and slowly take in his work. "Seriously, this isn’t just a hobby."
"Thanks," he told her when she gave it back to him.
"Have you ever thought about art school?"
"Not for me," he shook his head while stuffing the notebook back into his pocket.
"Why not? You should let people teach you. Those drawings have a real personality to them. I can tell exactly who the people you are picturing are just by the expressions you give them." Tristan shrugged in response, which just made Kira push the point even more, "I get the whole bad boy thing you do, but I know it’s just a front. You really care about people. I can tell from the drawings that you choose people you feel for in some way." He sighed when she finished talking, as if he had known she would notice that but had hoped she wouldn't. Then his expression changed so his lip curved up and his eyes gleamed in a mischievous way.
"A front, huh? I just broke you into a church."
"You broke me into a church to show me a beautiful view and a place that is sacred to you. Not exactly the same as breaking and entering," she challenged back.
"Ah, but we used the trap door, which most people don’t know about. I could have just taken you up the janitor's steps."
"Would those have been cobweb free?" He nodded and Kira slapped his arm. "Jerk."
"Come on, it was much more adventurous my way. Admit it, you were scared but secretly excited." Kira just smiled in response.
"That’s generally how you make me feel," the words popped out of Kira’s mouth before she had time to think. She cringed and silently cursed herself for basically admitting she liked him.
"Me too," he whispered, more to himself than to her. She looked up, but Tristan gazed out the window. She knew his thoughts were churning and she wished she could peek inside of his head for just a minute.
"Tristan?" She asked to see if he was listening.
"Yea," he said distantly.
"Why did you save my life? You know I heard what you said to your friends, but for some reason I can’t believe it." He turned to look at her now, and Kira was certain he could read the confusion on her face. She saw his chest expand slowly in a deep breath and watched as his eyes closed for an instant too long. He was thinking about how to tell her something. Kira could almost see the secrets floating in his head and could feel him struggle with how much to say.
"I saved you because I wanted to protect you and I still do. Some small part of me won’t stop believing you are precious to me, even if I’m not supposed to feel that way." She inched closer, trying to read his mind with her proximity.
"Who says you can’t? Your friends?"
He laughed bitterly, "No, my so called friends are the only one’s making sense. We just can’t ever be Kira."
"Why?"
"Some day, you’ll understand." He leaned back against the wall, away from her presence.
"God, I am so sick of everyone telling me I’ll eventually understand all of this stuff. Luke keeps telling me that, like some patronizing father who knows everything about my life, but won’t give me any insight. And now you! I never expected this from you. What happened to ‘Mr. Breaking The Rules’?" Kira started pacing around their little corner, trying to make sense of everything. She was sure Luke and Tristan and his crowd all knew something she didn’t. They were all keeping the same secret from her. When would she realize it? When would she finally connect the dots and stop feeling like the baby that everyone had to coddle?
"I just can’t be the one to tell you, to see you look at me with hatred, because you will hate me." Kira saw the pain pass over Tristan’s face as he winced.
"Look, Tristan, I get the whole self-loathing thing you have going on. I can see that you’re troubled somehow by the way you retreat into your thoughts and lose track of the world. But don’t presume to know my mind. You have no idea how I will react to anything. Everyone has some sort of past to hide. The fact that yours may be darker than most doesn’t scare me. It makes me want to help you, not hate you," she practically spat the last words at him. He stood and she knew his anger had mounted with her little speech.
"Kira, you just don’t know what you’re talking about. It’s not my past that you will hate me for, but today. Today, I let myself believe we lived in a different time, and when I saw you standing at the park, I couldn’t help but be glad we could finally be alone together. But today, I let you feel for me and let my walls come down for an instant, and that is what you will hate me for, for the moments of intimacy that I will cherish but you will look back on and loathe."
Kira hadn’t realized the fight had brought them face-to-face and mere inches apart from each other. Like people say, anger is just one small step from passion, so when she spoke, she hardly realized what she would say until she said it.
"Well, if it’s intimacy from you that I’ll come to hate, I might as well enjoy it while it lasts." Kira took one small step forward and felt their bodies melt into one another’s. Quickly, his hands cupped her cheeks and his lips were on hers. She was reaching her hands around Tristan’s back to pull him closer to her. Kira felt heat rush through her body and moved with Tristan as he pushed her back against the wall and encased her body within his, pulling his arms around her waist. Her hands found their way to his head and she grasped his thick black hair, running her fingers through it. His lips moved from her lips, down past her ear to the base of her neck.
"Kira," she heard him sigh before she felt his body stiffen and begin to pull away. "I have to go," he said with a firmer voice.
Tristan turned away from her and left. He disappeared before Kira even had time to react to what had just happened. Instead, she sank down the wall she had just been pressed against, gazed at the empty spot Tristan had filled moments ago and began to cry.
Kira needed to understand whatever was going on. The frustration of not knowing was driving her crazy. Luke didn’t want her spending time with Tristan, and even Tristan didn’t want her spending time with Tristan, so she decided there was only one thing to do: spend more time around Tristan. Kira knew he was the key to finding out her role in everything, and she knew he wanted to be close to her even if another part of him fought that feeling. After watching him run away, Kira became even more determined to solve this mystery revolving around her, even if she would come to regret losing this ignorance like Tristan had said.
Kira stood up and wiped her face free of tears. She looked out at the sun setting over Charleston and knew it was time to leave the church and what had happened there behind for a little while.
She grabbed her bag, which she had set down on the bench, and noticed that Tristan had dropped his notebook on the way out. She leaned down under the bench and slid the notebook from its hiding place in the dark. In place of a novel, she knew what she would be looking at before bed tonight.
After finding her way through the bells and back down the steps, Kira searched for that janitor’s staircase Tristan had mentioned. Kira walked in the dark around the circular steps three times before finally finding a small knob beautifully free of cobwebs and dirt, and she slowly opened the door. This path led right down to the front lobby of the church, and Kira silently cursed Tristan as she placed her foot on each superbly polished step. She quickly walked through the lobby and out the door; thankful no one was there to see her sneaking out. After a bit more walking, Kira finally managed to find her car. When she got home, her parents were not pleased.
"Where have you been all day? I was worried sick," her mother barraged her as soon as she opened the front door. Her father stood in the background nodding his head and giving her a stern look. "I expected you to come home hours ago. Isn’t this why we bought you a phone, so you could call us if you were running late? You don’t understand what can happen to a young girl out alone at night."
Kira rolled her eyes and appeased her mother by listening to the lecture that began. She’d lived in New York, Kira thought, she understood the dangers of being alone in an unfamiliar place. She didn’t bother to mention she had been abandoned by her tour guide after he ditched her in the church steeple they had broken into, which was why she had trouble finding her car.
Eventually, her mother cooled down and started breathing again. After which, Kira quickly said goodnight, made her exit and snuck into her sister's room to kiss her sleeping forehead. When she made it to her own room, Kira breathed a sigh of relief that her father had remained silent because he usually asked all the questions she didn’t want to give answers to. He was very good at reading people and almost always knew when she was hiding something.
After a shower and some chocolates from her secret candy stash, Kira laid down in bed and turned on her reading lamp. She gently eased Tristan’s notebook open, and looked over the drawings she had gazed at earlier that day.
Again, Kira noticed the expressions he was able to convey and she tried to think on why he chose those people on the benches in those three drawings that truly caught her eye. A homeless man? Had Tristan been homeless, or did he just sympathize with a man who had lost everything? An older woman? He could have a grandmother he missed or old women could remind him of the age his mother should be. Kira thought back to his question. Did she believe he could have been alive during the war? Could he sympathize with the old because he would never be there? And what of the young couple in love? Was that why he pulled away? He was jealous of those in love because he believed he was not deserving of it?
Kira sighed. All she had were questions. Ever since she moved back to Charleston, everything about her life had become questions with no answers. She flipped past the bench drawings, past some blank pages and tried to see if he drew anything else in that book she hadn’t seen.
After skipping through fifty blank pages, Kira was about ready to give up and go to bed, when she turned one more page and her own face was staring back at her. Her hair took up most of the small piece of paper, and within the mass of curls was the most perfect drawing of herself she had ever seen. The fire in her eyes was sparkling. She was smiling in a laugh and even her freckles were in the right location. Kira looked alive in the picture, and happy. Beyond all the minute details he drew to perfection, her emotion ran off the page. She looked like the sun radiating warmth to the viewer. Was this a drawing of how he pictured her? Kira never thought she had looked so happy or pretty in her life, but maybe Tristan had thought so.
Kira turned to the next page and saw a close up of her eyes, turned again and it was her lips. One more turn and she saw herself standing by the wharf staring out at Fort Sumter with a breeze in her hair and her skirt flowing in the wind. Kira realized that he must have been observing her for a little while today before he finally snuck up on her to say hello. Why was he so afraid to talk to her? Everyone in school was intimated by his good looks and standoffish attitude, by his dark slacks and typical black t-shirt, and by his friends. He was a bonafide bad boy. Every girl secretly loved it and every boy was secretly jealous of it, but Kira was starting to realize that it wasn’t who he was at all. What bad boy secretly draws pictures of old ladies and young couples? Tristan was more of a tortured artist than anything else.
Kira sighed and turned the page again, but the blank paper returned. There were only four secret pages devoted to her, and she tore each one out before dropping the small notebook back into her bag to give to Tristan at school. She wanted him to know she had discovered his secret and that she wasn’t going down without a fight.



Chapter Five

"Hello gorgeous." Luke sat down next to Kira in the cafeteria with his typical greeting. "Where were you this weekend? I didn’t get a single phone call. Don’t tell me you have a new best friend that you’re sneaking around with." He looked at her with pouted puppy eyes.
"You know, now that I think of it, I do have a new best friend. It’s called my Civil War term paper." She rolled her eyes and shoved her notebook full of ideas at him.
"Kira, Kira, Kira. When will you learn? Term papers are to be completed during the last week of the term, not two months before it’s over." He opened her notebook and skimmed some of her notes. "But let me know when you decide what to do cause I will definitely steal one of these discarded theses." Kira grabbed her research back from him quickly.
"We’ll see," she said to make a joke, knowing full well she would help him out if he actually needed it.
"Hi y’all," Emma waved, while Dave carried both of their lunch trays over. Kira assumed the fuchsia dress Emma wore was new and Dave had been forced to play the chivalrous boyfriend. From the back of the cafeteria, Kira could barely see Miles walking over behind the mound of books he held in his arms. In fact, all the she saw were the black rims of his glasses pressed against his forehead.
"How are you guys just sitting and laughing?" He said when he dropped what looked like twenty pounds worth of library books on the table. "Are you not at all worried about college?" Kira had noticed the fear of not getting into Harvard or an Ivy had made Miles go a tad insane.
"Relax, man," Dave chimed in before slapping Miles on the back.
"Yeah, seriously. Go buy some lunch and take a minute to chill out. The books will be here when you get back." Luke pushed Miles towards the lunch line. As soon as he was out of hearing distance, Luke turned to everyone else and said, "we should totally hide these."
"Oh lord, leave him alone." Kira put her arms around the books and protectively pulled them over towards her, Emma and Dave. Basically, as far from Luke as they could go. When Miles returned, he seemed calmer but still turned the conversation towards college applications. Kira knew all of that was irrelevant for her and couldn’t help but let her eyes shift to gaze out the window. For the first time in a while, not a single one of the misfits was looking at her. In fact, Kira studied them for a few minutes and they seemed completely disinterested in everything going on inside of the school. She needed to grab Tristan when he was alone to confront him about what had happened and give him back his drawings, but how to get him away from his friends?
"Earth to Kira. Come in Kira," Luke was waving his hand in front of her face. She snapped out of her thoughts and rejoined the conversation.
"What? Sorry, I’ve had a lot going on."
"Just asked what you would be up to next year."
"Oh, gap year to work in a restaurant hopefully, then I’ll be applying to culinary school and I’ll be just as crazy as Miles is now." Miles finally cracked a smile at her statement and they continued lunch with ease.
As she walked to English with Luke, Kira knew this would be her only chance to catch Tristan alone. But, when Mr. Bell walked through the door, Tristan came rushing in and sat down on the opposite side of the room. And when the class was over, Tristan ran out before Kira could even begin to stand and walk over to him. For the next two days, the same thing happened. Kira was always one step behind and couldn’t trap Tristan alone for the two minutes she needed to get her point across. On Wednesday, after her third try at chasing him down, Kira pulled Emma aside at the end of the day and sat down with her on one of the benches outside of the school.
"So, I need to get some advice. Can I give you the short version of my weekend?" Kira asked once they’d settled.
"Oo, this sounds juicy," Emma said and Kira noticed that she seemed very excited for some gossip to live vicariously through.
"Okay, well, on Saturday I went to Charleston to start working on my history paper, just like I told you all in the cafeteria. What I didn’t mention was that I ran into Tristan, we snuck into a church steeple and ended up making out for a while." Kira finished quickly and let out the breath she had been holding. She peered at Emma carefully, hoping to see no judgment coming from her friend’s eyes.
"Whoa, I was not expecting that. Way to go, Kira," Emma put her hand out for a discreet low five, and Kira happily slapped her hand down. "Now back up, give me a little more detail and tell me what the heck the problem is."
"I basically ran into him early in the day, and then he said he would be my tour guide and show me all the Charleston hot spots. We ended up having a great time and Tristan told me he wanted to show me his favorite place in the city, which happened to be the top of church steeple, so we snuck up. We ended up talking, which turned into fighting, and fighting turned into kissing, and kissing turned into Tristan freaking out, running away and abandoning me in the church."
Kira sighed and thought about how much to reveal about why Tristan ran away. She could tell Emma was trying to wait patiently, but her foot was tapping against the sidewalk with enthusiasm at the new turn of events. "I’m not completely sure why he left, but I think it has something to do with his friends. And now at school he’s avoiding me. I know I need to catch him alone, which is where you come in." Kira looked at Emma hopefully—she needed a plan and fast.
"And the only class you have together is English, right?" Kira nodded. "With Luke?" Kira nodded again. "I’m going to need to do some thinking for a minute, a little scheming time." Now it was Kira’s turn to try and wait patiently while Emma sat with a furrowed brow and her chin resting on her hand. Kira looked out at the school parking lot, which had completely emptied during their conversation, and she was grateful to not have to worry about eavesdroppers. The last thing she needed was to be the talk of the school and to let her secret afternoon become public knowledge. Kira ran her sweaty palms down the length of her pants, trying to calm herself.
"I have it," Emma’s entire face brightened as she turned to Kira with a gleam in her eye. Kira was instantly overjoyed to have Emma on her side, especially when she looked so mischievous. "Today, in my English class, we got into groups of two to read lines from Romeo and Juliet, something about how hearing it gives it more meaning or whatever. Anyway, you’ll only have about five or so minutes, but if you can trap Tristan and force him to be your partner it might give you the time you need."
"Emma, you’re a genius!" Kira grabbed the girl’s shoulders, shaking them with glee. "I totally forgot when Mr. Bell made that announcement at the end of class."
"To distracted by your lover?" Emma asked with a teasing grin. Kira tried to laugh it off, but the caught in the act look was all over her face. "Seriously though, I need some details. Was he a good kisser?"
Kira had a quick flashback to being backed up against the wall in his arms. "Yes," she said while biting her lip to keep from smiling too widely.
"Can I get some more details on that please? A little play-by-play maybe? I can promise you, every girl in the school wishes she was in my shoes right now, well more likely yours, but still." Kira laughed and started giving up some of the more intimate details about the romance of the location and how they were yelling one moment then caught up in it the next. Emma hung on her every word and sighed romantically at the appropriate moments. It was the perfect ten minutes to Kira, who had been thinking too many deep thoughts recently. She just wished she had thought to supply some chocolate or peanut butter. One thing was certain though, next time she needed to watch romantic movies like The Notebook, Emma would definitely be the one to call. She needed another person besides her mother who could appreciate the ‘I want to cry because this is so heartbreakingly romantic’ sort of movie.
Eventually, Kira drove away from the school and found her way back home, just in time to make dinner. She sat her little sister on the counter as she prepared the chicken picatta and heard all about Chloe’s day with her imaginary friend Beth. Sometimes Kira wished she was still in those days of make believe, but despite how nerve-wracking the past weeks had been, she knew she was on the verge of figuring it all out. She just needed a bit more patience.
The next day, all Kira could think about was how to put her plan into action. She barely spoke to her friends at lunch and was silent during her walk to English with Luke. Just as they were about to turn into the classroom, she stopped moving.
"Hey Luke?" He turned when he heard her speak. "I forgot something in my locker. I’ll meet you inside."
He nodded and continued into the classroom. She tried to walk at a normal pace, but quickly sped to her hiding spot and peered around the corner of a locker to keep a lookout on the classroom door. For a moment she was worried that Tristan would be the one to sneak up on her, but Kira soon saw Mr. Bell enter the classroom and Tristan was close behind. After he disappeared inside, Kira made her way to the door, hoping that an open seat was left next to Tristan and that all of this planning wasn’t for nothing. She saw Luke at the front of the classroom with an open seat next to him and Tristan two feet from her next to the other open seat. She flashed an apologetic look at Luke and sat down trying to look guilty at being late instead of smug at having everything go smoothly.
Tristan didn’t glance at her, but she thought she saw his arm muscles tighten in anger when she sat down a few inches from him. Kira tried to act innocent and pulled out paper to jot down some notes during the first half of class. Really, she was losing all of her patience waiting for Mr. Bell to end the lecture and start with the acting lessons. If he didn’t do it soon, she knew her chance to trap Tristan for a few minutes would be lost. She couldn’t really pull the ‘I left something in my locker’ act again. Kira knew Luke would be suspicious. Finally, Mr. Bell walked down the aisles assigning pairs and Kira let out a silent breath of relief when she and Tristan were paired together.
"Okay everyone, now that we’ve finished reading the play, I want you all to practice reading Shakespeare out loud. He was a playwright after all, his words were meant to be spoken. I think the balcony scene will do since I paired you all in coed groups. You are all hormonal teenagers, right?" The class responded with a laugh and everyone opened their books to Act Two, Scene Two. Tristan turned to Kira with what she could only call a pained look, and tried his best to read some of the most romantic lines ever written in a completely melancholic voice.
"But soft what light through yonder window breaks. It is the east and Juliet is the sun. Arise fair sun and kill the envious moon, who is already sick and pale with grief that thou her maid art far more fair than she." Kira couldn’t help but laugh at him as he speedily grumbled out the lines without even an ounce of passion.
"You know this is supposed to be a love scene, right?" He looked up at her with contempt while she tried to swallow her smile.
"Oh, really? I hadn’t noticed." He looked back down at the page and continued to read aloud in his monotone voice, totally ignoring her, which just prompted her to continue.
"Look, Tristan, there’s no point hiding the fact that you like me, from me I mean. I flipped through your notebook again after I saw that you’d left it behind. I saw the drawings you made of me." He looked up at her then, and Kira handed his small moleskin back to him, happy to at least have that out of the way. For some reason, she thought he was looking at her like she was an unruly child who wouldn't follow instructions. Where he got that from, she had no idea, but he continued with his speech so she continued talking over him.
"They were really great actually, pretty flattering," she smiled, hoping he would look at her again but he didn’t. "Anyway, I think we should talk about what happened, not here obviously, but somewhere where we can meet in private." They both chose that moment to look around, and Kira saw they had the attention of both Luke and Tristan’s friends. Yeah, she thought, the classroom was definitely not the right place to have this conversation, and she kind of hoped talking would lead to other things like it had last time…
He finished reading his lines. "Hey Juliet, it’s your turn." He smirked.
"Oh, right," she looked down at her book. "O Romeo, Romeo, wherefore art though Romeo," she tried to copy his apathetic style of reading and was secretly overjoyed when he laughed at her.
"I get it, I sounded like an idiot." She just continued on, giving him the same silent treatment he had given her. "Okay, here’s the truth Kira. We can’t talk here and we shouldn’t even be talking now or maybe ever."
"You told me that already." She stopped reading.
"Yet, you seem to have trouble understanding it. English is your first language, right?" She rolled her eyes at the joke. "Like I said before, we just can’t ever be."
"I understand what you’re saying, but I also know you don’t mean it." She leaned closer to him to prevent being overheard.
"I do," he forced the point.
"Oh really," she tried to push him now. "It didn’t seem that way when you kissed me."
"Kira, forget that ever happened, okay?"
"Or what? You don’t scare me."
"I should," he said and shot Kira a lethal look. His eyes changed color to the lightest blue she could imagine and they held her captive, not in the romantic way, but as though she were a prisoner held paralyzed. His eyes were cold and made her shiver like she had been dropped in an arctic pool, and slowly his pupils began to expand, overtaking his eyeballs.
Kira was scared, and more than that, she felt like he knew it and didn’t care. Her fear at not being able to move was slowly surpassed by a swell of power that stirred within her as a feeling of warmth spread to her hands. Kira broke free from him and looked at the floor. Her fingertips still tingled with whatever had coursed through her and allowed her to break his gaze. Kira leaned back against her chair and away from him. She touched her fingers to her cheek and felt them burn into her skin.
"What the hell was that?" She asked unsteadily, still not looking up. The heat emanating from her hand absorbed all of Kira’s thoughts.
"Me," he said with the venom gone from his voice. She looked at him again and caught the unbearably sad expression in his eyes before he looked away from her.
Or me? She thought to herself feeling the heat finally ebb.
"Rewriting Shakespeare, are we?" Mr. Bell walked between them and Kira couldn’t help but let a guilty look cross her face. They most certainly had not been following the assignment, but she wanted to hug Mr. Bell for breaking the silence and pausing her thoughts. "Tristan, you seem to have a hard time following the classroom rules." Tristan looked at Mr. Bell defiantly, and Kira felt a little sorry that she had caused the whole thing. "What were you and Mrs. Dawson talking about so passionately? It definitely was not Romeo and Juliet."
"Screw you," Tristan replied and Kira heard every student in the classroom inhale in shock. She couldn’t tell if he said it just to be defiant or to hide their conversation from his friends.
"Well, Mr. Kent," Tristan looked up at the use of his last name. "Perhaps you and Miss Dawson would like to show everyone how it’s done. Tomb scene. Front of the class. Now." Kira stood and practically pulled Tristan from his seat to stop him from getting both of them punished with extra homework.
As they walked towards the front of the class, he whispered to her, "think you can be quiet and play dead for a few minutes?"
When they reached the front, she turned to face him and, with his body hiding her face from the rest of the class, said defiantly, "think you can pretend to not enjoy kissing me for your friends?"
"Think you can for Luke?" he smirked and moved aside. Damn him, she thought, he always has to have the last word.
"You can start with Romeo’s monologue," Mr. Bell prodded and Tristan began to read. Kira listened intently for the cue that meant he would lean down to give her a quick kiss in front of the classroom. As she listened, she realized he was much better at reading than he let on. His voice was full of passion as he paused at the appropriate moments and rushed through some lines as though the words were his own. Kira lay still on the front table with closed eyes, but was sure he had captivated the entire classroom as he read Romeo’s lines, and she felt herself fall for him a little bit more the longer he spoke.
"Eyes, look your last." She felt his gaze even through closed lids.
"Arms, take your last embrace." His body gently settle on top of her own. He seemed to speak only into her ear.
"And lips," he whispered and ran his thumb along the edge of her lower lip, something the script definitely didn’t call for. "Oh you the doors of breath, seal with a righteous kiss, a dateless bargain to engrossing death."
He lifted himself off of her to continue reading. Kira heard him utter the last few lines and recognized the swish of his clothes as he lifted his arm to swallow invisible poison. "Oh true apothecary, thy drugs are quick," he spoke with a stalled voice. She felt his hands fall on either side of her face and heard the desk creek as he leaned slowly down until she knew from the brush of warm air that his lips were an inch from her own.
"Thus with a kiss I die." For what seemed like a millennium, Kira laid still waiting, until finally, in the softest kiss she could ever imagine, his lips landed on her own and remained there for a few seconds longer than they should have. Her lips curved into a smile and she felt his do the same. Unfortunately, he then pretended to fall off the desk and die.
Shoot, Kira thought listening to the engrossed silence of the class, how the heck am I supposed to follow that?
Mr. Bell spoke for the other characters, until she knew it was her time to wake. Kira opened her eyes slowly and sat up to speak her lines to the friar. She tried to look appropriately shocked when she was told of Romeo’s death, but heard some people snicker at her failed attempt. And just when Kira was supposed to have her own monologue, the bell thankfully rang and saved her from the embarrassing experience.
Kira looked down at Tristan and almost believed him dead, until he jumped up, winked at her and fled from the classroom. Kira sat for a moment longer, trying to guess at who came out of that exchange with the upper hand and wondering if Tristan would agree to talk things over in private. More importantly, she felt her own cheek, trying to recall the overwhelming warmth that spread from her hand to that very spot. Kira had no idea what had happened, and she didn’t know who to ask for answers.
Kira sighed, lifted herself from her seated position on the makeshift tomb, and walked over to gather her things. When she left the classroom, Luke was waiting for her.
"So…that was interesting," he said and fell in step with her with shrugged shoulders and hands in his jeans pockets. Kira remained silent. "I personally thought you were captivating as Juliet. Great idea to put a hand to your chest then forehead and pretend to faint when you saw Romeo had died. Classic move." Kira smiled and shoved him away from her for making fun.
"I’m not an actress and I never said I was," she said in her defense.
"Trust me, I know," Luke jumped away from the shove he had already anticipated. "Want to talk about it?"
"What?" She tried to hide the frown on her face, and pulled her purple sweater tighter around her torso.
"Whatever it was you and Tristan got in trouble for fighting about," he prodded. Kira knew it hurt Luke that she was starting to keep secrets from him, and that there might be something she would rather talk to Tristan about.
"I was just thanking him for saving me in that surfboard accident. I never really got the chance before." Kira wanted to let Luke know the truth, but knew she couldn’t, no matter how much she hated to shut him out. He had been there as her friend since she walked through the doors of this school a month ago, and she really didn’t want to hurt him. For a moment, Kira had thought she would tell him about Tristan, but she remembered Bethany and knew Luke would never understand. He was too emotionally involved to put himself in her shoes.
"I bet he didn’t want to hear any of it."
Kira shrugged. "Something like that."
"Cheer up." Luke put an arm around her. "Want to skip class and buy some ice cream? I wouldn’t mind playing hooky for the rest of the day." She smiled at the mischievous look in his eye.
"And how are we supposed to do that?" She asked, knowing the campus security would definitely report two students ditching class.
"Follow me you must, young padawan," Luke said, quoting Star Wars and attempting to use a Yoda voice. He started running down the hallway, and she ran after knowing they were already late to class and had nothing left to lose. He stopped at the hallway intersection in front of the main exit and peered around the corner.
Out of no where, Kira saw Luke produce a straw and a small rolled up piece of paper to send the most perfect spitball she had ever seen, well the only spitball she had ever seen, into the head of a security guard down the hall. She covered her mouth to stop from laughing as Luke sailed another one into his head. The security guard spun around angrily, and Kira and Luke snuck into an open janitors closet. They heard the guards heavy steps as he ran down one hall, paused and made a wrong turn down the hallway leading away from them.
"Go, go, go." Luke pushed her out of the closet and they ran for the door. Once they made it through the exit, Kira forced Luke to keep running and she bit back her own laughter until they made it to the parking lot.
"Ice cream, my lady?" Luke pretended to bow and offer his arm. Kira accepted.
They marched arm in arm over to his car and sat down safely inside before erupting into a fit of laughter that only stopped when they both had tears streaming down their cheeks. Luke revved the engine and pulled out of the parking lot. They left the school completely behind them. Kira couldn’t think of a more perfect ending to the day, or of a more perfect friend for that matter. She smiled to herself, glanced at Luke when she caught him looking at her, and turned up the music to take on lead vocals.



Chapter Six

A week later, Kira opened her locker to see a portrait of herself leaning up against her textbooks. She grabbed the small paper that held a close-up of her face with a dusting of light curls around the edges and knew it was a message from Tristan. She turned the paper over and saw a note scribbled in cursive on the back.
"Meet me in the auditorium at lunchtime."
She noticed he didn’t even sign his name, like he knew she had been waiting for a sign from him. She of course had been waiting, but still, the arrogance of assuming he was the only guy who would leave her a note! Kira didn’t care though, because just like in Charleston, Tristan had been the one to break the silence, which meant he really couldn’t resist her either.
"What’s that?" Emma had snuck behind Kira without her noticing. Kira turned, clutching at her chest.
"Good lord, you just gave me a heart attack."
"Sorry," Emma said without really meaning it as she tried to peer closer at the paper Kira had quickly stuffed inside her binder. She didn’t want to share Tristan’s drawing, but she would definitely tell Emma what it said.
"Let’s just say our little scheme worked and I won’t be at lunch today," Kira tried to play it cool and not give away how excited she was.
"Oo, scandalous. Was that a love note?" Emma looked dreamy eyed.
"I don’t know, but I’m willing to try and find out," Kira said before slamming her locker closed and following Emma to class where the gossip was quickly overtaken by the need to pay attention to their teacher’s lecture on differential equations.
When lunch rolled around, Kira dodged the crowd and went in the opposite direction towards the auditorium on the complete other side of the school. She arrived before Tristan and walked past the rows of chairs up towards the stage where the set for the December musical White Christmas was being prepared. Her school in New York only allowed secular performances, and she did kind of like that people got into the Christmas spirit here. Of course, it was the middle of October, so really only the drama crew had reached the point of singing Christmas carols, but she could anticipate how crazy school would be right after Thanksgiving.
A half painted Christmas tree stood surrounded by boxes cutout like presents, but not decorated, in the middle of the stage. There was a piano in the corner and a costume rack held forties style dresses and suits for the actors. Kira scrambled on stage and walked around the yards of fake pine and tinsel that already covered it.
"Mistletoe?" She heard Tristan behind her. She turned in time to see him jump deftly on the stage.
"I hadn’t noticed." Kira tried to play it cool. Tristan pulled a strand of green plastic leaves from his pocket with a smirk. "I knew there had to be a reason you wanted to meet here. But you’ll have to catch me first." Kira teased and started backing away.
His smirk turned into the half smile she loved and a little dimple sprouted on his cheek. Tristan strode confidently forward, and when he got a little closer, Kira jumped behind the fake tree and used it as a defensive wall moving left when he did and right when he did. She laughed when his frustration grew and jumped out from behind the tree to try to leap off the stage, moving the chase into different territory. But, strong arms gripped around her waist, lifted her off the ground, and swung her around in circles.
"You’re mine now," he whispered into her ear, and Kira couldn’t decide if the shiver that raced down her back was full of excitement or fear. He let her feet drop to the ground and she turned in the circle of his arms.
"Changed your mind about that we can never be nonsense?" She smiled in victory.
"Not completely, but you are doing a great job convincing me." Tristan lifted the corner of his mouth again and she laid her hand on his cheek, capturing the dimple in her palm, before sliding it up into his hair to push his ebony bangs back so she could see his eyes better.
"You have to tell me something first." Tristan nodded, looking at her with concern and she almost thought a hint of dread. Kira bit her lip, thinking about how to phrase her question. "What happened when you looked at me before, in class I mean? I swear I couldn’t move and then something happened to me I didn’t understand. And I know you know." She held his face still, making sure he didn’t look away from her to hide his secrets again.
Tristan hesitated for a moment. His face was frozen in a grimace—the expression of someone with nowhere left to run.
"I do know." He sighed, and Kira thought it sounded as though a weight that had been holding him in place had suddenly been lifted free. "There’s something about me… about who, no what, I am that you need to know, and Luke will have to fill you in on the rest. I’m so tired of hiding, Kira." She could read the anguish written all over his face and she let her hand fall to his chest, to his heart, trying to give him some comfort in what he was going to admit. "I’m-"
Tristan stopped talking and they both turned to the sound of clapping that was coming from the back row of the auditorium. Diana, John and Jerome sat with grins on their faces and stood when Kira and Tristan finally noticed them. They strode down the aisle, slowly with complete confidence, clapping at a leisurely pace and staring only at Tristan. Kira was scared. She didn’t understand what was going on or the more than venomous looks on his friends’ faces.
"Well done, Tristan. You had even me believing that performance." Diana gracefully jumped on stage in one smooth motion that shocked Kira. Jerome and John stopped clapping and followed suit.
"Don’t listen to a word they say, and please stay behind me," Tristan whispered to Kira as he turned around to face his friends. "This isn’t what it seems," he told his friends in a confident voice Kira hoped he wasn’t faking.
"And what is it?" Jerome’s deep voice seemed to reverberate off the walls.
"I brought her here to talk, and that’s it." Tristan angled himself in front of Kira, as his friends seemed to close in on them.
"To talk? And what, if I may ask, do you possibly have to talk about?" Diana sneered and walked closer to Tristan, stopping just barely a foot away from him. John and Jerome came up beside her, and Kira hoped she was forgotten as they continued to stare at Tristan.
"You may not ask," Tristan replied coldly.
"Then I demand," Diana hissed. Kira saw Tristan tense in front of her and a few seconds of strained silence passed before he started laughing very obviously in Diana’s face. Kira thought he had gone mad, surely there was nothing funny about this situation, and she watched as his friends’ faces darkened with anger.
"Demand? Diana, you get ahead of yourself. You know you can’t threaten me." Tristan used his height to look down at her, proving his dominance.
"Maybe I can’t alone, but even you can’t take on three to one odds." Diana angled herself back, so she, Jerome and John looked like one solid, impenetrable wall.
Kira watched as John and Jerome shuffled on their feet, getting ready to move at a seconds notice. She hoped it wouldn't become a fight. She had no idea Tristan’s friends would react so harshly to seeing them together. For a moment, she wondered if she had done the right thing in trying to pursue him. Maybe it would have been better for him to draw her in secret and for her move on never knowing or wondering what could have been. But, Kira knew it was too late for those thoughts.
The fight she expected didn’t start. Instead, John placed his hand on Diana’s shoulder. "Perhaps we should let him explain," he questioned, relieving some tension.
Diana nodded, not breaking her gaze. "Can you explain, Tristan? Why are you here with this girl when we said we would kill her together or not at all? When we said we would wait and watch to see how much she knew?"
Kill? Kira sucked in her breath. They thought he meant to kill her? They all had planned to kill her?
"I was greedy, I admit." Tristan began and Kira could hardly believe her ears. He couldn’t have meant to kill her. They had met here because he wanted to be with her, or that’s what she thought at least. Kira backed up a few feet, away from him. After all, how much did she really know about Tristan? What if he had been fooling her all along, fooling her into falling for him so she would be easier to catch? But, why did he even want to catch her or to maybe kill her? None of it made any sense.
Tristan started speaking again, and Kira tried to shut her questioning mind down to listen. "I wanted the power for myself, and for that I apologize. Let’s go and forget this happened. Let’s go to a different town, one not swarming with conduits to confuse us and place us against each other."
Conduits? Kira thought. What were conduits and why would they try to split Tristan from his friends. And what power?
Kira looked at Diana and saw one very prominently raised eyebrow, displaying her doubt. The black haired beauty didn’t believe Tristan’s story. But, Kira noticed, it wasn't the killing or the conduits she questioned, but Tristan’s belief in his own words. For the first time since moving to Charleston, Kira wasn’t sure if she wanted all of her answers, especially to the question of Tristan’s real intent. She couldn’t believe the kiss had been a lie, but what if he was just a very good actor. She had heard it in his voice during class. He could play the part of Romeo very well, so why not that of seducer?
"Tristan?" Kira couldn’t help herself, she had to ask, to know what was happening. She was scared of his friends and maybe of him too. She needed reassurance that she would be safe with him.
Tristan looked back at her, silently begged her to be quiet, and Kira instantly knew she had made a mistake. All eyes turned in her direction and Kira saw hunger written in their faces. She watched the transformation as all of their eyes, even Tristan’s, turned to a crystal blue. Their pupils expanded and their top lips began to puff. It was the same look as Tristan’s had been back in the classroom, but now Kira understood his was meant to keep her away and this look was meant to kill. Fear raced through her veins. She had never felt so much like prey. Time seemed to stop as Diana took another step closer to Tristan without taking her eyes from Kira.
"If you came here to kill, by all means, take the first bite." Diana leaned over and whispered in Tristan’s ear while running her hand down his arm. Tristan closed his eyes slowly and Kira read the pain there. She had ruined whatever control over the situation he had had.
Despite his best effort, Kira saw a trace of hunger even in his expression and she wondered just how much control Tristan had lost, not only over his friends but also over himself. Diana, John and Jerome all stared at Tristan, waiting for him to move towards her. They hunched over on their toes as if ready to pounce and she saw the hunger for the fight in their eyes. It was a challenge, that much was obvious. It was also obvious that Tristan was losing.
Kira couldn't process anything fast enough—killing and biting and conduits. She felt she was on stage in a play but had forgotten all of her lines. She backed away because her gut told her to go, but she couldn't go far because her heart told her not to leave him. Tristan mouthed to her, and at first she didn’t see what he said, but after a second time Kira made out one word: run.
The next instant, Tristan turned and used both of his hands to shove all of his weight and strength into Diana’s stomach. Kira gasped as the other girl flew through the air, landed in the seats below the stage and stood after a second without a scratch. Diana jumped impossibly far and, in one leap, was back onto the stage to face Tristan.
Tristan wasn’t waiting for her though. Kira tried to follow his movements but could only see Jerome fly into the stage curtain and John slam into the wall causing the brick to crack apart. By the time Diana had returned from her initial punch only seconds had past, but Kira saw Tristan wind up and punch her in the face, sending Diana towards the back of the room again. To her right, Jerome tore through the curtain and reemerged with death in his icy blue eyes. He charged Tristan, only to be picked up and shoved head first through the stage floor, creating a hole in the wood. Jerome reached his hands beside the hole and pushed his head from the floor. Instead of a bloodied mess, Kira saw Jerome untouched by the landing.
She was frozen. Kira had known Tristan had secrets, but watching him now made her realize she never should have tried to uncover them. He wasn’t human, none of them could be. Vibrations rumbled through her as their bodies slammed into the walls and the ground, causing the entire auditorium to shake from its very foundations. Not wanting to attract attention, she continued to watch as Tristan stood like a titan throwing his friends around as though they were dolls. She saw the building start to fissure with the force, saw dents where their bodies smacked, and she slowly back away while their attentions were on each other rather than her.
When Kira reached the backstage door, she tried to slowly turn her body to face away from the battle and she groped for the door handle. Kira knew it was her only chance to get away and get Luke. She was sure he understood what was happening and that this was the gruesome revelation he had been warning her about. If she didn’t leave now, Kira wasn’t certain she would be able to escape with her life. She finally found the door handle. But just as she slipped her hand around its contours, a loose brick hit her in the leg, slammed her into the wall and almost knocked her unconscious. Kira fell to the ground and there was silence.
All four of the misfits stared at her. She felt her thigh, felt the warm liquid seeping from a newly formed cut in her leg, and met Tristan’s eye. Now his hunger was obvious. The sliver of his iris that was still visible seemed to glow blue, and Kira wondered what horror story she had just become apart of.
With Tristan still under the spell of his own wants his friends jumped him. Jerome and John grabbed his arms, twisting them and breaking each one before pulling them securely behind his back. Kira tried to stand and run away now that she couldn't hide, but Diana got to her impossibly fast and pulled Kira’s hair to stop her. Kira screamed at the pain and Tristan jolted awake, struggling to escape his friends and ignoring the pain from his crooked arms.
"Not so fast," Diana said into Kira’s ear as she dragged her around to face the boys. Jerome and John pulled Tristan back to the stage and Diana forced Kira to face him, but Kira wouldn’t meet his gaze. Diana let her go, but Kira knew there would be no point to even try to run.
"She’s pathetic Tristan," Diana spat from behind Kira. "She couldn’t fight. She doesn’t know what she is. She couldn’t even run away properly. And this is what you fancy yourself in love with?" Diana circled around to face Kira, and Kira met her cold, almost crystal, eyes with the little courage she had left.
"Diana," Tristan growled.
"Shut him up," Diana yelled back, revealing the depth of her anger, and Kira watched as Jerome held Tristan while John ripped his shirt to gag him.
"Your faux confidence is amusing," Diana said and grabbed hold of Kira’s chin. "I’d rather see you beg though." Kira remained silent. Diana slapped her across the face and Kira fell to the ground holding her cheek, knowing it would bruise but trying to ignore the pain. "Have you figured it out yet, little Kira? What we are? How you’ll die?" Kira looked at Tristan. Her leg had almost stopped bleeding. She wondered if it would clear his head. Was it her or her blood that called to him? Kira looked at Diana and saw her smile. She finally noticed the two pointed teeth sticking slightly over her lip and Kira couldn’t help but wonder when monsters had become a reality.
Kira was amazed at her own eerie calm and acceptance of the situation. Vampires? She thought to silently answer Diana, and as the word circled in her head, she knew it was true—the blood, the teeth, and the strength. But she thought of them on the beach, basking in the sunlight, thought of the humanity in Tristan’s eyes when he had looked at her in the steeple, and wondered what from the stories was really true.
Kira looked at Diana, at the smug look on her face that already spoke of victory. If she was going to die anyway, she might as well go out with a bang, Kira decided and thought of a retort. "You, Diana? I think you’re a jealous bitch who can’t take the fact that Tristan cares about a mere human more than he’s ever cared about you. You’re the pathetic one," she said calmly.
Pain flashed across Diana’s face, but it quickly turned to anger. Kira was confident that her words had hit home, but maintained a neutral expression so she didn't give away how much the little victory meant and how scared she truly was.
Diana grabbed Kira by the neck and picked her up off the floor, so her feet rested an inch in the air. Kira started choking from the lack of oxygen. "You are nothing," Diana spat in Kira’s face, and then set her back down on her toes.
But, before Kira had settled on her feet again, Diana’s hand whipped around and her nail cut open a long line across Kira’s cheek. Diana slowly ran her finger along the cut and pulled it back so Kira could see the blood on her finger. Diana brought the blood close to her mouth, and when she sniffed it, there was a flash of longing in her eyes. It repulsed Kira and she looked away, a mistake that gave Diana an advantage to use.
"Do you think he’s different, Kira?" Diana glanced at the blood on her finger. "Do you think he doesn’t thirst for you like I do? That he’s kind and gentle? Well, he’s not." Diana moved to the trapped Tristan, who had a look of dread on his face. She walked closer and Tristan couldn’t gaze away from Kira’s blood on her finger. He struggled to and tried to, and eventually managed to look instead at the floor.
But Diana grabbed his face with one hand to hold it steady, removed his gag and let her finger wander up to rest on his lips. Kira watched as Tristan tried not to move his mouth, tried not to taste her blood. Diana rubbed her finger clean on his closed lips and waited, like she knew he wouldn’t be able to resist.
Tristan shook from the exertion of trying not to open his mouth, of trying to resist the innate urge to lick the blood clean from his lips. Kira wanted to look away, but she needed to see this, she needed to knock her feelings for Tristan right out of her head.
Before long, Tristan looked at Kira with feelings of pain and guilt and self-loathing, and slowly opened his mouth to stick out his tongue and swallow. Kira saw the flash of pleasure across his features, the slight glow in his eyes, and knew the image would stay with her for a long time.
Diana clapped at her own ingenuity, like a five year old playing with Barbie dolls, and walked back to Kira. She slid her finger along Kira’s cheek and took her own taste. Kira saw nothing but pleasure in her eyes, and that was how she still knew Tristan was different. Not guilt free or perfect or even good, but certainly not the same level of evil as the cold blue eyes of Diana’s that showed no ounce of remorse.
Kira watched helpless as Diana moved close again, and couldn’t look away as Diana held her gaze like Tristan had in class. She felt the shiver of fear, thought of her family that she would miss, but knew there was no way out. Soulless glowing blue eyes looked into hers with excitement and Kira was paralyzed and helpless to stop it. Diana didn’t move closer for the kill, but instead remained still to enjoy watching Kira powerless. A smile spread across her features, like she knew Kira didn’t know enough to escape.
But then, in an almost comforting way, Kira felt that surge of warmth like she had before in the classroom. Instead of being scared at this unfamiliar feeling, Kira welcomed it. Welcomed her own power coming through, the heat funneling to her hands, and she knew she would be able to escape.
Kira tried to move free of the hold, but still couldn’t. The heat from her hands soon became too much. In Diana’s unfaltering stare, Kira knew she was still in danger, and, for a second, she thought that maybe Tristan had let her escape in the classroom, as though he had known what was happening inside of her and knew how to stop it.
Diana had no such concern, and Kira started to feel as though she were burning from the inside out, as though her blood had turned to lava and was coursing through her body destroying everything in its path.
Kira started shaking. Diana mistook it for fear and started laughing. Kira couldn’t stop the vibration racking though her body. The heat was excruciating. She began to scream, and she barely registered Tristan’s pain as he struggled against John and Jerome to try to save her.
She felt like a bomb, and as Diana finally sank down to take her deathly bite, Kira finally exploded. All Kira felt was the release of the heat going away and seeping out of her, and when the pain was almost gone she opened her eyes and saw fire streaming from her hands. Diana, John, Jerome and Tristan were pressed against the back wall of the theater, held there by the light coming from her hands, unable to escape. Kira didn’t know how to turn it off. She didn’t know what was happening. Tristan's eyes filled with pain and fear, and Kira realized she was hurting him—destroying all of them and that they were afraid of her.
Kira couldn’t move and could barely breathe; she just stared at her hands unable to control anything. She felt different hands on her shoulders, shaking her and distantly heard someone screaming her name but she felt like she was outside of herself and was watching this scene as if it were a movie. She almost wanted Diana to feel pain and to die; she almost wanted to kill her.
The thought snapped Kira back to reality and she realized it was Luke who was standing before her. He shook her and called her name. Somehow she knew he could help. That he was like her. Part of her was mad he never told her, but a much more prominent part of her knew she needed his help, and was overjoyed to see him.
"Kira, listen to me, you have to stop. You have to release them." He spoke calmly, with a commanding voice.
"How?" She cried, not knowing how to turn it off. She was scaring herself.
"Just close your fists and let go of the anger." He tried to sooth her and ran his hands up and down her arms. She attempted to let go of the fear of knowing how close she had come to death. She tried to let go of the anger at Diana for wanting to kill her, and for torturing her and Tristan to do so. Kira tried to let go of the anger at Tristan for giving in and showing her that her trust in him might not have been worth it.
But most of all, she tried to let go at the anger she felt with herself, for not knowing who she was, for not being more demanding, for not being able to stop, for hurting Tristan, and for feeling the urge to kill. And the fear, the fear was the worst. How could she let go of the self-fear—the fear of what she was and what she was capable of?
When Kira admitted all of this to herself, she felt a slight release, and though it took all of her strength, she slowly brought her fingers down to curl into her palm. Kira brought her thumb around to hold the light and trap it within her hands. Tendrils of fire tried to seep through the cracks in her hand, but Kira held steady until finally the heat died and she was able to just let it go.
She looked at the back wall where Diana, John and Jerome jumped from the crevices they had been pressed into and ran from the room. Tristan dropped slowly down and gave her one more glance. In that instant, she realized he was right—they could never be. He looked at her one last time, with sadness and fear, and followed his friends out the door.
Kira knew he was different, she could see the humanity in his eyes where it was absent from his friends, but it wasn’t enough to make her chase after him. Instead, she looked at Luke—at his familiar eyes, friendly demeanor, and look of concern—and collapsed into his open arms as tears began to fall from her eyes.

Chapter Seven

Kira stared out at the churning waves, barely registering the body heat coming from Luke’s arm around her shoulder. He had held her while she cried and after a long time of sobbing, he had brought her to the Folly Beach pier to let the rhythm of the water calm her. They hadn’t spoken more than five words to each other since he carried her from the auditorium, because Kira simply didn’t know what to say. How do you ask someone if vampires are real and if what seemed like live fire just shot from your hands? How do you admit to yourself that you clearly aren’t human let alone ask someone else to believe it? Most of all, how do you confess that you started falling for the one guy your best friend told you not to and that everything he feared had come true?
It wasn’t easy, Kira thought, to admit how naïve you had been and to admit you were wrong about everything. It wasn’t easy for her to think of Tristan, his eyes in pleasure at the taste of her blood or his eyes in pain as her power slowly started killing him. It was worse still to think of herself and what she was. Kira couldn’t ignore it, but how in the world could she face it?
How do you face it, she thought, and then answered herself, you just do.
"Luke?" She turned to him. Luke didn’t move. He just watched and waited to see what she would say. It was like he knew her perfectly, knew what was coming but also knew that Kira needed to hear herself say it before it could be true. "Luke…what am I?"
"A girl," he replied, half-jokingly and half-reassuringly. She nudged him with her shoulder.
"Seriously, no jokes," she said. He lifted his eyebrows in response as if to say ‘who, me?’ but then realized even his jokes wouldn’t adjust Kira’s frown. Kira could tell the instant his mood changed from protector to informer. She could tell from the furrow of his eyebrows that the jokes meant to cheer her would be exchanged for serious talk she wasn’t used to from him. Kira felt sadder when he lifted his arm from around her back and turned toward her on the bench to see her face. He knew everything and it was his duty to tell her.
"First, do you know what Tristan and the others are?" She shook her head to say yes. "Tell me, Kira." She breathed deeply, knowing the minute she said it out loud the scene haunting her thoughts would come true. The supernatural strength and speed. The blood and the teeth. It would all be real.
"Vampires," she whispered almost into the wind, but Luke heard her.
"Good. Can you guess what we are?" She looked at him, thankful he had told her what she had already guessed. They were the same and she wasn’t alone. But still, Kira had no idea and looked at him with blank eyes. "Kira, we’re something called conduits, protectors if you will. We’re the only living things that can hunt vampires, and I say living because we mostly believe that vampires are dead, but they frequently kill each other." She thought back to when Tristan had mentioned conduits; maybe he had been trying to help her. It sounded crazy. She was some sort of vampire slayer? But, it was the only explanation she had for what just happened.
"So, we’re…conduits," Luke smiled when she said the word, like he was happy she had accepted the name without a fight. "To be a conduit of something, you have to like channel something, right? That was the light I’m guessing, but I just don’t understand." He took her hands and flipped her palms up, so she could see the pale red burn marks they now held.
"We channel the sun, and I know it sounds crazy, but that was the light you sent through your arms. It hurts at first, but it’ll get better."
"The sun? That’s not possible." She thought back to the feeling of lava running in her veins and the light that looked almost like fire shooting from her hands. Could she even say anything was impossible anymore? "But how? Why?" She asked.
"I’ll get to that later, first-"
"No, tell me now. It’s been long enough," she yelled at him. "Why didn’t you tell me before? Why didn’t you warn me? A little ‘stay away from Tristan or you’ll turn into a human light bulb’, if I even am human. I thought you were my best friend. I was so scared; I could have died not even knowing that I could save myself. Damn it, Luke. Why didn’t you say anything?" She started crying again, now out of frustration.
"You wouldn’t have died. Even though you didn’t know in your head how to save yourself, your body knew danger and reacted. Besides, I wasn’t allowed to, and before you open your mouth again, listen to me for ten minutes." He reached out to cover her open mouth with his finger. "You know how I said I was from a small town in Florida, called Sonnyville?" Kira nodded. "Well, it’s not just a small town. It’s a haven for conduits, so we can grow up together and practice without normal people around and without vampires to snatch us when we’re little."
"Why wasn’t I there?" Kira asked. Why hadn’t she grown up knowing who she was?
"Because you’re different, and I was sent here to watch and protect you."
"Sent here? Like forced to be my friend. Is anything in my life real?" She ended quietly, asking more for herself than for Luke.
"Yes, our friendship is real. I was supposed to watch from afar. But, I’m getting ahead of the story. To explain what we are, I have to go back to the beginning, to the stories you were supposed to learn when you were just a kid." Kira nodded, signaling she would keep quiet until he finished.
"Ever since humans have been around, vampires have been too. Do you remember on the beach, how they were in the sun?" Kira nodded. "The stories were wrong, just being in the sun doesn’t really kill a vampire. They are stronger than anything else in the world, and faster too. Their skin won’t break open unless at the hands of another vampire, which is why there are so few ways to kill them. They do live off of blood and only human blood will do. But other than that, we don’t know very much because they are incredibly hard to trap and study. All we really do know is that the sunlight is lethal, just not from the distance with which it shines."
"But I thought-"
He interrupted. "I know, I just said the sun won’t kill them, not like how it is in the movies with spontaneous combustion and dust and Hollywood effects. The sun slowly kills a vampire every time one is exposed, but the length of a year is like the length of a second to a vampire. So, it would take thousands and thousands of years for the sun’s toll to have any effect. That’s where we come along. When we channel the sunlight, it shortens the distance and makes the aging happen faster, so within minutes we can kill or harm a vamp. Are you understanding this at all?"
"I think so," Kira shrugged. She was a superhuman conduit of sunlight—a protector against vampires that would otherwise be unstoppable. In a weird way, she thought it almost made sense. The sunlight had always warmed her, not only physically, but also mentally, like she had a special tie to it. And there was no other explanation she could imagine to describe what had happened before. It was comforting to know she wasn’t a monster but a savior. "But Luke, I don’t understand how I’m different. Why I wasn’t raised with you."
"Just have a little more patience, I promise I’m almost there." Kira swallowed her next words to let him continue, and looked back out towards the ocean. The constant churn of the waves, the monotonous pushing and receding of the water, helped her maintain a sense of calm, something she figured she would need as he went on.
"Amongst ourselves, there is debate about how vampires, and therefore ourselves in response to vampires, evolved. Many believe vampires were sent by Satan after his fall from heaven to take over God's creations on earth. They think that we were God’s response: that we are heavenly avengers meant to kill the evil and rid the earth of them. They call themselves Punishers. Many others think vampires evolved like parasites, and that the parasite needs a host and changes the human body for its own survival. They think there is something human, something redeemable within the creature, and therefore swear not to kill, but only to harm a vampire if it attacks a human. These conduits believe they naturally evolved as nature’s response to the parasite, and call themselves the Protectors.
"This debate, this question of purpose, has been around as long as history can remember. It caused a huge split in the conduits and separate species, if you will, formed because of it. Punishers practiced only killing and sprouted red hair that myth says is a sign of their inner anger. Eventually, they lost the ability to use the light only in defense and became killing machines. Protectors practiced only defensive tactics and developed almost white hair, as a reflection of the purity they see deep within a vampire’s soul. They lost the ability to kill."
"And you’re a Protector?" Kira asked, trying to follow along and knowing that Luke’s blonde hair marked him as such. He nodded. "But I’m…neither?" She still didn’t understand, thinking of her own strawberry blonde. She didn’t fit either category.
"Never in the history of both our people have the Punishers and Protectors been able to have children. It's been forbidden, because there is something else I haven’t mentioned yet. Vampires can become immune to us."
"I don’t understand. I thought we were some super race created to stop them." Kira gripped the pier’s wooden railing as dread formed in the back of her mind. She was different somehow, and it couldn’t be good.
"In a way, but then we would be all powerful over them. There’s always a catch, and it’s another reason the two races split. If a vampire drinks the blood of a conduit, he or she becomes immune until the blood leaves their system, which varies depending on the amount taken. If a vampire drinks a Punisher, he becomes immune to their killing light and could theoretically move from Punisher to Punisher, killing each and becoming stronger with each kill. It’s too dangerous to even imagine. So, when the debate began, the sides decided to split—not only to harvest different powers, but to make sure no vampire could become immune to both powers at the same time, which would mean he or she could wipe out both races. If a Protector gets caught, Punishers must be able to kill the vampire responsible. And if a Punisher gets caught, Protectors need to trap the vampire until the blood leaves his system. Otherwise, vampires could become unstoppable. It would be chaos-"
"Which is where I come in?" Luke’s look told her she had guessed right and Kira tried to figure out what she was. "I’m a child of both races? I can aim to kill or to harm?" Luke nodded. "And I’m forbidden to exist?" Luke nodded again. "I could mean the end of the world?" Luke looked away from her this time, and she felt tears form in her eyes again. "Am I evil…like them?"
"No, God no, Kira." Luke pulled her in to his arms, so she was smushed against his chest, and they sat for a while as she tried to absorb all of this new information. She was a thing of good, but could also mean the end of the world. So why had they even let her live? Why hadn’t they forced her mom to have an abortion as soon as they found out? Kira thought of her mother and father—they didn’t seem like rule breakers. Her mother’s sweet red hair, her father’s rather dull brown—brown? She thought. Had he died it? But her sister’s hair was brown too? Was he not really her father?
"Luke? Do you know about my parents?" She looked up from the spot on his chest she had been crying into.
"Are you sure you want to hear everything right now?" He looked down at her with concern, and Kira tried to swallow the choke in her throat. The fact that he hadn’t said no meant she had been on the right track. Her whole life was changing in one afternoon—was she ready for more?
"Yes, I have to." Kira nodded into his wet t-shirt.
"I’m so sorry I have to be the one, but, Kira, well, the person you think is your mother is really your aunt by blood, and the man you think is your father is really your uncle." She looked at him with blank eyes. She felt empty inside. Her entire life had been a lie. She felt as though reality were sand slipping through her hands, like someone had played an evil trick and was suddenly showing all of his cards before the game was over. Kira moved away from Luke, to the other side of the bench and hugged her knees to her chest. She tried to let her tears fall as silently as possible, and knew she couldn’t tune Luke out even if she wanted to.
Kira looked over at Luke before he continued, saw the hurt in his eyes for her—his eyes that were so like her own, a hint of green engulfed by yellow and orange swirls flecked with red. He was good, unquestionably. Although, she had always known that. The twinkle in his eye when he made someone laugh was enough to show that he only cared about spreading joy and he had only ever been a best friend to her. Even if everything was changing, she knew she would have him to rely on. She nodded to him to keep talking.
"Your real mom was one of my people, a Protector, and your father was a Punisher. They secretly fell in love and ran away together when they were found out. Your mother had you in secret and when you were discovered, your father’s people wanted to kill you for being an abomination, but mine took pity because you were innocent and we promised to watch over you. Your aunt, as your only blood relative, watched over you when you were young, but when you moved to New York we set up parameters and guardians. When you were fifteen, you started sneaking out with friends and becoming reckless, so we had to send someone in…"
"Cy? My first boyfriend?" She guessed, remembering how she had thought Luke looked like him the first day of school. She thought of how Cy had been overprotective and always called her. It hadn’t been for love at all. For all she knew he never even liked her. Her first kiss was a complete sham. It stung more than Kira realized it would. "And then you when I moved here, somewhere where vampires went to my school and my moth-aunt couldn’t watch me all the time." Luke nodded. She couldn’t talk about her family anymore, not with Luke, not as though her life were some textbook story he had had to study and memorize. "I need a break, I can’t do this anymore right now. I’ll talk to my…aunt later. It’s just too much." Kira looked at Luke, really looked at his features, and wondered if her mother would have looked like him. Did her real mother have the same sun bleached hair and fiery eyes? The same warm compassion? Was she alive or dead? Mostly, what Kira wanted to know was why neither of her parents had ever come looking for her. If her father was a Punisher, was he only full of anger or did he love too? Did either of them love Kira, or was she just a mistake that never should have been allowed to survive?
Kira stood and walked to the pier’s railing. Her mind was more tumultuous than the waters below her. She almost felt that if she jumped in right now, it would calm her to be pushed around a bit, that it would show her that the world continued on despite the madness in her brain. But, those thoughts just made her think of Tristan, who wouldn’t be there to save her if she got overpowered by the ocean again. Kira couldn’t think of him yet. It was too much to think that the boy you maybe started to love was really evil. Not just a bad boy, but actually a monster.
"I wanted to tell you," Luke said from behind her, and she was happy to have him interrupt her thoughts. "A thousand times I wanted to tell you, but I took an oath. You had to discover your powers on your own. I wasn’t allowed to tell you about anything in case the mix of Punisher and Protector canceled each other out and left you just a normal human girl. When I saw your eyes, I knew it couldn’t be true. I knew you weren’t a dud, and that you were incredibly strong. But still, I had to be idle. I know I may joke a lot, and break some of the school rules, but there are some rules I know I can't test."
"I wish you had," she said, speaking to the ocean because she couldn’t turn and look him in the face.
"I know."
"But I understand why you didn’t." Kira still spoke to the wind. Knowing his intentions helped, but she still couldn’t get rid of the small sting of betrayal.
"Really?"
She heard the creek of wooden planks as Luke stood up from the bench and moved right behind her, like he needed to be closer to Kira to believe she really meant her words.
"I know you and I know you’re good. You hoped there was a chance I wasn’t supposed to be in this world where vampires and conduits exist, and that there was a chance you wouldn't have to be the one to turn my reality upside down."
"Can you forgive me?" Luke reached to put his hand over the one she had rested on the rail. Kira tried to smile, but couldn’t. Instead, she squeezed his hand in her own, trusting he would understand what it meant, and finally met his sad, puppy-dog looking eyes. Luke pulled her into his chest for another hug. "I’m still your best friend even if everything else has changed. I promise, that was never contrived." She nodded against his body, not wanting to move from his comforting embrace. She knew he was telling her the truth, and Kira knew she needed him. She needed someone she could trust completely and someone who could help her survive whatever journey her life had just turned into.
"Can we leave the Tristan talk for another time? I know you’re curious, but I just can’t."
"Of course."
"Luke, I can't go home yet. I can't face it. When I see my parents, it’ll all become real. When I look at their faces for the first time and don’t see a family resemblance…." Kira cut off, trying to choke back the sob that had risen in her throat.
"Come on," he tugged on her hand, pulling her from the rail back towards the beach. "Let’s grab some ice cream. You can stay on my couch for the night."
"Your parents won’t mind?"
"Kira…I’m your guardian. I’m twenty and I live alone. I’m only pretending to be in high school."
"Oh." She shut up. One more surprise might send her over the edge. There was only so much a girl could endure before the fake calmness wore off and all the feelings she had pushed down bubbled back up to the surface.
They walked down the boardwalk holding hands and Kira relished the contact. She thought it darkly humorous that passersby might think they were sweethearts. How many people had she walked past who were secretly watching her and guarding her? She bet she had passed vampires before and had never looked twice, never even dreamed something like this could be true.
Luke bought them two ice cream cones and Kira listened as he spoke of trivial things like Miles’ school craze and class assignments. She knew he was just providing background noise, that he knew she was lost in her own thoughts. He didn’t try to intrude. He just tried to give her some semblance of normal, to maybe make her laugh. Kira wondered when she would laugh again, as she remained stone faced at Luke’s attempts.
When they finished, Luke steered Kira around to his car and drove her to his house. It was small and he explained that it had been given to him when he moved here to start watching over her. She wondered if he was getting paid and how much of a job this was for him. Was it a normal thing for a conduit to have to do? To act like a babysitter? Or did they all stay in their safe havens, not even trying to go out and search for people to help? She knew nothing about her culture or her own people. It was an odd feeling to have barely any idea where you came from. Her mother had always told her she had an Irish heritage, and when she was little, Kira used to spend hours reading about the druids and old Irish folklore. She liked having a sense of history and it was important to her to be able to connect to the past. But now, she was part of this ancient secret society she knew almost nothing about.
Most of all, Kira wondered about her parents, her real parents. She wondered who they were and why her aunt had to raise her. The mystery of her sister was easy to explain now. Kira almost laughed to herself. Ever since her sister had been born, she had asked whom the mistake had been. Clearly, Kira was the misfit. It was almost comforting to have one question answered, but the answer left her feeling empty. A mistake? The word rolled around in her head, knocking everything out of place. Not only her parents mistake, her life itself was also a mistake, one that could end the world as she knew it if more vampires found out.
Luke left her in the living room to go find some blankets for the pullout she would be sleeping on. When he came back, he unfolded the couch and made it into a bed for her. He fluffed the pillow and pretended to be a bellhop showing her around a hotel suite, but went to get her water when she never cracked a smile.
Kira’s cell phone rang while Luke was in the kitchen. The caller ID said it was home, her mother she assumed, but she let it go to voicemail. When she closed her phone, she saw the edge of the burn mark on her hand. She let her cell fall onto the couch so she could peer at the spot more closely. Her hands looks like they had little starbursts on them, like she had put a red paint ball between her palms and pressed together to make it explode. She ran her finger along the edge and felt the raised line of the burn. It didn’t sting at all. She hadn’t even noticed her hands until Luke had mentioned the marks to her on the pier.
"It’ll go away," Luke said when he walked back inside and saw her staring. He gave Kira the glass of water. "The burns I mean. After a while they’ll go away and each time you use your power, they’ll show up less and less."
Kira clenched her fists and looked away. She didn’t want to think about using her power again.
"Kira, we’re not evil. It’s a gift not a curse." She rolled her eyes and grabbed for the water, taking it from Luke’s hand. "I’m going to show you something, something I used to do as a kid when I couldn’t fall sleep." He left the room and returned after a few minutes with a six-inch disco ball in his hand. Kira finally laughed.
"You danced disco when you couldn’t sleep?"
"Hey, I’ll have you know I do a mean rendition of the Saturday Night Fever dance, thank you very much." He laughed with her and she felt almost happy again. But the moment passed.
"Okay, Kira, I know you. I know you’re afraid of yourself right now, of what I’ve told you, but it can be a beautiful thing. When I was little, my mom always told me how I would grow up to help save people’s lives. And, I’d sit in my bed at night, so angry I was just a kid and couldn't go out on adventures yet. So when I couldn't sleep, I would practice my skills just hoping and waiting for the day when I would be good enough to leave Sonnyville for the real world. But, right before I went to bed, I would take out my disco ball—stop laughing—I would take out this totally awesome and not at all embarrassing or funny disco ball I stole from my older sister and do this."
Kira smothered her giggle as Luke lifted the string attached to the disco ball and held it in front of them. With his other hand he spun the ball then shot a small, completely controlled sliver of light from his hand. As soon as the beam struck the disco ball, circles like moving diamonds twinkled and spun around the dark room. She looked around, feeling more like she was in a planetarium than a living room, and was awed by the scene. He let the light die out and gave her the disco ball.
"When you’re ready, we’ll start practicing your gift. And when you feel comfortable, pull this from your drawer and give it a try." He stood from the couch and looked back at her before he walked to his room. "Goodnight, Kira."
"Night, Luke," she said as he disappeared around the corner. She let the silver globe fall into her lap and kept an eye on the spot Luke had just vacated. Why, she asked herself, couldn’t she have fallen for him instead? Luke was perfect. He was funny and charming, and someone she could tell everything too, but still she thought of him as a brother. He could spill light from his own hand, but still couldn’t spark anything within her.
Something was wrong with her, Kira decided, since she was some sort of mixed breed freak. Her heart just didn't work the right way. Maybe she was only attracted to other misfits, which was exactly what Tristan was after all. He was a vampire who seemed to want to be human. You couldn’t get more out of place than that, she thought.
Kira sighed and laid down on the sofa, curling under the blankets Luke had set up for her. As she rolled up into a fetal position, Kira wished that when she woke up tomorrow it would all be dream. But maybe that, she realized, was just too impossible to ask for.
Chapter Eight

The next morning, when Kira woke up on Luke’s couch, drool dribbled down her cheek and her head pounded from a headache. Yeah, she thought, yesterday really happened. She smelled coffee from the kitchen and dragged herself from the warmth of the covers to face her new life. Today, she had to talk to her mother. Kira had to learn about her real parents and about her history. There was no turning back and there never would be. All she could do was rise to the challenge.
"I guess we can add skipping school to the list of badass things you’ve done," Luke said, as he entered the living room. "It’s right up there with taking on four vamps all by yourself." She tried to smile and took the cup he handed to her.
"Advil?" She asked. He nodded and returned a few minutes later with two maroon pills in his hand.
"Headache?" She nodded. "How are you feeling otherwise?"
"A little shocked and awed, a little scared out of my mind and just a little like myself." Kira took another sip and felt a rush of warmth spread through her body in a completely natural sort of way. It was refreshing. "So what happens now, Luke?"
"I take you home and you talk with your mom."
"You mean my aunt."
"No, I mean your mom. Whether she gave birth to you or not is irrelevant. She still raised you and she’s still your mom." Kira nodded slightly at his words, hoping she would eventually feel the same way and not just betrayed.
"I meant more along the lines of, I’ve accepted this whole supernatural world business and I’ve accepted whatever birthright I have, so what happens now?"
"I’m supposed to train you and teach you, but we can worry about that later. Now, let’s watch the new episode of Top Chef I have saved on my DVR. You observe the food and I’ll observe Padma Lakshmi."
"Sometimes I worry about you," Kira said as she rolled over to lean her head on his shoulder. It was her favorite show and she relished in the normalness of it.
For the next hour, Luke made inappropriate comments about the host and Kira unsuccessfully tried to turn his attention to the food and the art of being a chef. They sipped coffee and attempted to enjoy the peace. But, Kira felt her heart constrict when Padma resolutely said, "Please pack your knives and go." The words sounded more like a death sentence to Kira, who knew she needed to pack up and go as well. Her parents would be furious with her and had probably been calling her nonstop. Thank God for the ability to turn a cell on silent, Kira thought to herself.
She helped Luke put the pull-out-couch away and folded the sheets she had used. Then Kira helped drop the dusty brown cushions back in their place, carried the dirty dishes into his tiny old-fashioned kitchen with hideous blue cabinetry, and finally grabbed her handbag to follow him out the door.
"Luke?" She said after a while of driving in silence. He looked over in her direction to show she had gained his attention. "Thanks for everything. For letting me spend the night, for coming to stop me when I couldn’t stop myself, and for the doing the hard thing by telling me the truth." He reached over and squeezed her hand. "Do you think we could do something fun and normal tomorrow? It will be Saturday," she asked when they pulled up in front of her house.
"I’ll rally the troops and surprise you. Now, good luck. Call me if you need me later."
"Thanks," she said as she pushed the car door open and slid out. Luke drove away, leaving her alone in front of her home. It had never seemed as daunting as it did then. The car was in the driveway, meaning her mother had skipped out on work. The real question in Kira’s mind was, is she angry or worried? Will I open the door to screaming and yelling, or hugs and kisses? If Kira knew her mother, the wrath of God was about to fall upon her.
Hesitantly, Kira lifted her foot, let it hover above the ground for a moment, and then placed it in front of her to begin the long walk to her front door. She had decided this morning to rise to the occasion, and Kira had a feeling this conversation would be the toughest part.
The front door opened before she even had time to take her key out of her handbag.
"Where have you been?" Her mother shouted and pulled her inside by the arm. "Your father and I have been worried sick. We were up all night. I must have called you a hundred times, but did you call us back? No! Of course not. Why bother to calm the woman who has raised you since birth and thought you dead in a ditch by the side of the road?"
Kira fought the urge to scream back and allowed her mother to vent her frustration. It almost felt normal, and in some weird way the fight comforted rather than hurt Kira. But, all she kept thinking was how dare you yell at me—you lied to me, for my whole life you lied to me. Who are you? Why didn’t you tell me? Why didn’t you protect me?
Kira let out a slow breath and tried to rein in her anger. She needed answers, and she had a feeling that she would need family. Eventually, they could be her true family again.
"Do you have anything to say for yourself?" Her mother panted when she had finished ranting.
"I almost died," Kira said softly. She wasn’t sure how to talk to her mother about this without sounding accusatory, and she figured remaining calm would be the best decision. "Vampires almost killed me." The words came out with a trace of bitterness that Kira couldn't fight, but she couldn't hide all her feelings. She almost wanted to cry and fall into her mother’s arms, but she held back and watched as her mother’s hand rose to catch the gasp leaving her mouth. Kira observed as her mom backed up into the couch and, like an afterthought, fell into a seated position.
"Oh God, oh God," her mother repeated until Kira came to sit down next to her. "Where was Luke? I never imagined you’d been in real danger." Kira grabbed her mother’s shaking hand.
"It’s okay, I saved myself…" Kira let her words linger. Her mother stiffened and looked at Kira with eyes full of horror.
"How much do you know?"
"Not everything, but enough. I stayed with Luke overnight because I needed some time to adjust before I came home. I wasn’t sure how it would feel to look at you knowing I was just a mistake, that I’m your charge and not your daughter. Oddly enough, it feels half-normal and only half-painful." Kira let her fingers slip from her mother’s and moved to the other end of the couch, rolling her knees into her chest. Her mother sat very still, looking straight ahead with wide eyes.
"Will you ever forgive me?" She whispered while bowing her head into her hands.
"I hope so," Kira answered truthfully. She didn't know if she could ever let the pain of not knowing who she was fall away. She loved her mother, but right now she felt as though she didn't know who her mother really was. "Were you ever going to tell me I was adopted? That my whole life has been a lie?"
"Oh, Kira." Her mother reached for her hand, but Kira moved it away, not ready to forgive her yet. "It hasn't all been a lie. I am your mother, in every way but genetically. Your father and I love you. Your sister loves you. We’ve always been a family." A tear escaped Kira’s eye then. "If you won't forgive me right now, will you at least let me explain?"
"Yes," Kira let the word slip from her mouth before she could stop it. This was the point of no return. Once the story was told, everything about her heritage would be true, but in some ways she thirsted for it. She needed a history—a past to hold on to. "You need to start with my real parents."
"Can we talk outside?" Her mother asked while rising from the couch. "These are stories even your father cannot hear."
Kira nodded.
She and her mother always had important conversations outdoors. Like when she had wanted to go to boarding school, they had walked in a park for an hour. When she got her ears pierced, they had gone to the swing set in her old backyard. Something about the wind and the trees seemed calming—they made even the biggest arguments seem small. For the first time, Kira wondered if it was a conduit trait, that maybe something about being in the sun calmed her people. But, she pushed the thought aside, not wanting to linger on any musings that made her feel at all subhuman.
Kira grabbed a blanket to wrap around her shoulders and quickly made instant hot chocolate to bring outside while her mother ran up the steps. She set her mother’s cup on the table and nestled into the chair to wait. The air was cool on her check—a typical Carolina fall. The leaves of the dense forest behind her house rustled with each churning breeze, almost like waves with their cyclical splash. But here, only the scent of salt in the air reminded her that she lived on the coast.
Kira’s mother walked outside in a sweatshirt with a box of tissues in hand. "Kira, I don’t even know where to begin. I haven’t spoken of the conduits in years. Your father doesn’t even know about my past. I never wanted any of us to be a part of that world."
"Start with my father, your brother. What was he like? You are Punishers, right?" Kira tried to keep the crack from her voice. She thought it the logical place to start, the beginning of her father’s tale before he even met her real mother. She wished she had a picture, some sort of token to remember them both by.
"Your father was amazing. He was the protective older brother, the ideal fighter, the perfect son, the dream boy, but most of all he was someone you knew without a doubt you could count on for anything in your life. He wanted to protect the entire world, to fight epic battles, and he started by helping me." Kira noticed that her mother’s gaze had glazed over. She was staring somewhere beyond their backyard, back into her memories. "When we were younger, he made sure none of the kids bullied me for being small and weak with my power. You see Kira, I ran away from that world because I had no place in it. As a child, I could never truly channel the sun properly, and when my power matured at the age of sixteen, I still couldn't hurt a fly. To a Punisher that is the ultimate insult, and many of our people turned against me, but never your father. I lived at home, just waiting until I could leave and go to college and be normal. And, he accepted me."
Kira grabbed a tissue then. It seemed her mother and her had both been misfits in unfamiliar worlds, and she painted the most beautiful picture of her true father as someone fearless. Something Kira wished she had inherited some of.
"When he was eighteen, he went on his first hunt and made his first kill. He returned boasting of how much fun he’d had and how exhilarating the fight was. He said he was the only newbie who hadn’t needed help from the elders to stop his vampire. I could tell, just by looking at him, that he had found his place and that he would grow to be one of our best fighters. Conduit societies are stuck in the past in many ways. The men went out to hunt for vampires to help protect humanity, and the women remained at home protecting the children in case our location was ever found out. And, the entire town knew your father would be the best of us. Every time he came back from a trip, he shined with pride and others told the tales of his heroics. Because for us, the stronger the fighter, the more divine, and your father was seen as a heavenly angel to many of our people."
"But that all changed?" Kira guessed, knowing this story had everything but a happy ending.
"Yes, that all changed. Most youths mature at sixteen and start going on guided missions, but at age twenty we are allowed to hunt alone. At first, your father acted much the same and came back with joy in his eyes. However, one day, a few weeks before he turned twenty-one, he returned solemnly. Everyone thought he failed to catch his target for the first time; nothing unusual for a young hunter. They all let him be. But, I knew your father, and I knew something else was wrong."
"Did you talk to him about it?" Kira asked. Their society was so different from her own. She couldn’t imagine the pressure of feeling like a warrior and never being able to make mistakes. Kira looked at her mothers red curls as they blew in the breeze, and wondered if she viewed it as a curse.
"I tried. I’ll never forget what he told me. I had been in the kitchen washing the dinner plates when I noticed him sitting outside on the back steps, so I paused and went out to comfort him. I told him that everyone makes mistakes and everyone misses every so often, but I could tell they were just empty words. He was looking up at the stars with the deepest confusion in his eyes, and then he turned to me and asked, ‘Ellie? Have you ever wondered if we were wrong?’ and for a moment I didn’t understand. But, when he turned to look back to the night sky, I realized he meant us, the Punishers. Were we wrong in killing? Did vampires really have souls? ‘Of course not,’ I told him full of confidence. We were never even allowed to question those beliefs, rooted in our ancestral history for thousands of years. I saw him shut himself away when I answered. He stood up and went inside to finish the dishes, and I was the one left to ponder why he would ever ask me that."
"What would you reply now?" Kira asked her mother, realizing they almost mirrored the scene from her memories, sitting on the porch, but staring at the sun rather than the stars.
"I’ve never seen a vampire who didn't appear evil to the core, but I suppose there are always exceptions to the rules." Her mother paused and Kira thought that maybe she was wishing she used that response with her brother, to provide some sort of solace. For a moment, Kira allowed herself to think of Tristan, could he be that exception? But she shook her head and tried to focus on her real father and his story.
"It was my birth mother, wasn’t it? A Protector changing his mind?" Her mother nodded.
"I didn’t realize it for a long time, but in the year that followed, he went on more solo missions and came back with rebellious ideas of capturing vampires and running tests on them rather than killing them. He wanted to research the old texts to see if anyone had ever found a vampire with his soul intact. He never found anything, but the elders were still so angry with him. He was their golden boy and within a year he became dirt. I noticed he received secret letters and made whispered phone calls when he thought our family was asleep. I confronted him but he never answered straightly. I never dreamed he was secretly dating a Protector. Of all the rules in our society, that is the most unbreakable and the most forbidden. For two years this continued, but soon after his twenty-third birthday, he received news that scared him enough to finally come clean to me. I was twenty-one at the time and had been living away from home for a while. I had already met your adoptive father and we were so in love. Of course, I traveled home to visit, but the conduit life already seemed so far off to me.
"But, one day, I opened the door of my apartment to your father’s very conflicted face. I read joy, but also the deepest sorrow, and I knew something was incredibly wrong. ‘Ellie,’ I remember him choking out to me before breaking down into sobs. I brought him inside and there he confessed to me that he had fallen in love with the most beautiful woman in the world, one who had the purest blonde hair imaginable. At first, I was horrified. I wasn’t sure whether to comfort or to scold him but I knew I was all he had. He told me how they first met while she had been living in New York trying to protect its citizens from the ever-increasing local vampire population. That had been the site of his first solo mission, and they had been tracking the same clan when they ran into each other. At first, they hated each other but then they realized they needed to help each other in order to hunt down and weaken the clan. They started debating philosophies until each was unsure of the lessons they’d been taught since birth. And, when they hunted down the clan, your father killed and your mother weakened, but neither felt the same joy as before. He said from that first meeting, they never stopped talking. At first, it had been secret run-ins in New York, then letters, then phone calls, until finally they had stopped taking on real missions and just escaped to meet each other in private. He said they had secretly gotten married a month ago and he pulled a ring from a chain around his neck. And finally, he showed me a letter your mother had just written, confessing she was pregnant with a child."
"And it was the worst news imaginable?" Kira guessed and sipped at her hot cocoa for solace. She sank further into her seat and grabbed a preemptive tissue to wipe at the tears that would soon be falling.
"No, your father was the happiest I had ever seen him, but it was difficult. They knew there would be no turning back. A child meant a life on the run, because you had to be kept secret. He confessed to me that they had made a plan to meet up where they had first met and run away, and keep running if that was what would be needed to keep you safe. He was going to completely turn his back on his people, all for you, the unborn child he already cherished above everything else."
"But the plan backfired?" Kira asked and her mother nodded. "This seems to be a story where everything that could have gone wrong, did go wrong."
"In many ways, it was. Your father and mother did run away together, and you were born eight months after your father had come to see me. I was the only one he told, and I begged him to come see me, to let me see you. He told me they had found a safe place and he couldn’t give it away, but that they would chance it and come to me. I was overjoyed. For one secret weekend, your father came to visit me and I met your mother and you. You were the cutest baby ever, only two months old and already with a full set of curly blonde and red hair. You always had a smile on your face, and to the outside viewer all three of you would have looked like the perfect family. In the short hours I spent with your mother, I learned she was caring and gentle. She was an amazing woman, and I easily understood how the two of them had come to love each other. When they left, I assumed it would be years before I could meet you again, but in reality it was only a few short days."
"What happened?" Kira asked, knowing the heartbreaking story of her true parents was about to come to an end. Her mom was just about twenty-three in the story and Kira knew that was the age she had always been told she was born.
"On their way back home, they were discovered by Punishers from a different state. They were captured and questioned, and you were almost put to death until your mother’s people came to argue for your life. In the middle of the night, your father tried to escape. He found your mother and you, but while running away, you three were jumped by vampires. Your father was killed, as was your mother, but the vampires had all shared a little of the blood so none was completely immune to our powers. We got there just in time to save you and hold them at bay by mere feet. We rescued you and saved your father’s body, but your mother’s was still on the other side of the barrier our powers had created. When we went back the next day, it was gone."
"And I was given to you, my closest relative, so I could live outside of that world and maybe have a chance at a normal life. The Protectors agreed to guard me, and you and father adopted me to save me."
"And also to love you, as I always have. I used to pray at night that you hadn’t been gifted with any powers, but as you grew I knew that wasn’t true. You had eyes of fire and hair to match and my prayers turned to hoping you would never find out what you were."
"But, I did."
"You did." Her mother agreed sadly. She had barely looked at Kira while they spoke, too afraid to see judgment from her daughter’s eyes. The changed saddened Kira, as the slight awkwardness in the air spoke of their forever altered relationship.
"What were their names?" Kira asked, wanting a small thing to remember her parents by. Names were simple, but held so much meaning.
"Andrew and Lana."
Kira took another tissue to wipe at her face. The story of her parents was sadder than she ever imagined. She had hoped they weren’t dead, maybe just locked away somewhere. In a way, it seemed like they had only just died because she had only just found them. Kira watched the fading sun sink beneath the tree line and watched the ruby wisps of cloud start to fade. Her mother and her had been outside for a long time. Kira appreciated the stories. She had needed the stories, but it wasn’t enough to make her forget everything else.
"I have to ask why you never told me? Even knowing I was adopted without knowing all the details? I could have handled this new world of the conduits so much easier if every other facet of my life wasn’t shattering along with it."
Kira’s mother eased from her seated position and walked the three short steps required to stand before her daughter. She knelt, cupping Kira’s hands in her own, trying to close the distance that had sprouted between them.
"I just didn't know how. I wanted to. Your father and I discussed it every year. First we excused it because you were too young, then because you were going through puberty and we knew that was a fragile time for building an identity. Then your sister came around and we didn't want you to resent her, and then you were in New York and so far away."
"And then I came home as an adult." Kira pulled her hands away and returned them to the empty mug on the side table. Her mother let her hands drop to the floor, as a tear slid from her cheek.
"You’re still my baby. I didn't know how to tell you without breaking the family apart."
"I understand, in a lot of ways I really do, but I’m just not ready to let it go. I need some time to adjust, so can we put the pause button on this conversation? I need a break and time to think." Kira resituated herself in the chair so her body leaned away from her mother’s. She needed to be alone, needed to ruminate in peace. Her mother understood, and stepped backwards, giving Kira space.
"Of course, I just want to give you one thing." Her mother drew a small envelope from her pocket and put it onto the table next to the now empty mugs of hot chocolate. "It's a token I’ve had locked away for a while. Remember I told you that my brother came to visit with you? Well, we took a single photograph and I put it in a locket that I always meant to give to you when I told you the truth. Let me know if you need me, but I’ll leave you alone for a while."
When her mother had disappeared inside the house, Kira lifted the packet and heard the jingle of a chain scratching against paper. She tipped the envelope and let the necklace slide out. The locket was a silver oval, completely plain with no engravings, and next to it on the chain was a gold ring the size of a man’s finger. She looked at the inside arch of the band and read the cursive words etched there. "Love will prevail, your Lana". His wedding ring, she realized. No, not his, Kira thought. Her dad Andrew's wedding ring—the one that tied him to his true love, her mother Lana. Kira clutched the ring to her chest, letting tears fall freely, and used her other hand to open the locket, which had fallen to the other end of the chain.
Her father and mother held her between them. Three smiles and three pairs of green speckled eyes looked out from the photograph. Kira couldn't believe she had no memories left from those few months she had had alone with her parents. Her father’s hair was a mop of red curls and freckles spanned his cheeks. His smile was wide and open, just like hers in that it was hard to tell if she were laughing or just smiling. Her mother’s hair looked like the sun. It was so perfectly blonde and straight like Luke’s. Her smile was more reserved, but her eyes were the same large shape as Kira’s, just slightly too big for her face. Kira wondered if her own had ever looked so full of joy and secrets. And, there Kira was, a tiny little baby sandwiched between them, laughing and looking up at her mother.
Kira stared at the photo. It was minute in size, but more important to her than anything else she had ever owned. She moved over to the hammock and lay down, staring at the open-faced locket while time passed by unnoticed. This was the only connection she would ever have to them, and she wanted to memorize every detail she could. Kira wished she could recover just one memory, but her mind from those early weeks of life was too far-gone.
A car rolling on gravel distracted Kira, and she heard Chloe giggle and her father’s deep laugh. They were home. Both were removed from the conduit world, and for a moment, Kira wondered what he thought the story was. How did he imagine her parents had died? A car crash? A Murderer? No one but her mother had the real truth, the full story, except maybe her grandparents. Strangers to her, who she now knew must exist somewhere in the world, but had never wanted anything to do with her.
The screen door opened.
"Honey?" the baritone voice of her father asked. "I spoke with your mother. I just wanted to see how you were. If there was anything I could do?" Kira shook her head. "I love you, and I always have."
"I know," Kira replied, still turned away. She heard him sigh as he went back inside. Kira was sure her mother had told him not to push her and to let her be.
She curled further up like a baby, closing the locket and gripping it to her chest, as close to her heart as possible. The stars were starting to appear in the ever-darkening sky, and Kira let her tears pool. Kira cried for the life she was robbed of as a child, the one she felt she had just been robbed of again. She cried for her dead parents, and for her living substitutes now guilt-ridden over their lie. Mostly she thought about what could have been and what will be. About training with Luke and what training with her parents might have been like. She wondered if her parents would have told her the histories of the conduits like bedtime stories to gradually fall asleep to.
Somewhere in all the sorrow, Kira fell asleep and let her dreams do the imagining for her. She hardly noticed when her real life father picked her up from outside and carried her inside to bed.



Chapter Nine

A ringing phone woke Kira the next morning. Her eyes were swollen, and she was dehydrated and dizzy from the days before. When she turned over in bed, she felt a cool chain roll across her skin and she pulled the locket back over her heart, cupping it in her hand. At least it was something, Kira mused. She had photographs and stories, some little tokens to remember them by. Love will prevail, she thought. It was comforting to know her parents loved each other enough to risk it all to be together. She hoped she could do the same if the time ever came.
The incessant ringing sounded in her ear again and Kira reached under her pillow to grab her cell phone. She looked at the caller ID—Luke. Was she ready to get out of bed and face the world? No. But, Kira realized, she would probably never feel ready to start moving onto her new life in a new world she had yet to figure out. She flipped open her cell.
"Hello?" Kira’s voice came out scratchy and hardly loud enough for her own ears to hear.
"You sound like crap."
"Thanks." She rolled her eyes at Luke, wishing he could see her reaction, some sign she was at least alive enough to make fun of him again.
"Get out of bed, get dressed and be downstairs in ten minutes. The gang and I are on the way."
"Good lord. Couldn’t you have given me some warning?" Kira asked, jumping out of bed and running to her closet. Ten minutes was not nearly enough time for her to start looking like a human being again. She needed to shower and she needed some caffeine.
"Ah, sorry. I totally forgot you’re a girl. Emma said I should have called you earlier."
"Tell her I said thanks. See you soon."
Kira hung up and used both hands to search her closet for jeans and a super comfortable, oversized sweater to wear. She might be venturing outdoors, but she still wanted to feel as though she was lounging in her pjs.
Five minutes later Kira heard a beep outside and cursed Luke for of course being early. She peered out of her window while quickly buttoning her jeans and saw Emma kick Dave out of the front seat of her small convertible. He sheepishly jumped into the back with the boys and Kira decided to hurry up before he tried to steel shotgun again.
"Hey!" Emma waved from the driver’s seat as Kira walked outside. Kira smiled back.
"So, what’s the mystery event today? Luke didn’t give me any information over the phone."
"Well, it was my idea," Emma began while fiddling with the radio and shushing the boys’ complaints when Taylor Swift came on.
"Shopping?" Kira guessed from the glimmer in the other girl’s eyes.
"Costume shopping!" Emma seemed positively giddy as she pulled away from the curb and eased onto the empty street. She stepped on the gas and the car sped down the road. Kira liked feeling the wind in her hair and the roar of the other cars when they turned onto a busier street. It drowned out her thoughts and part of her felt like a normal girl about to spend a crazy afternoon with her friends.
"Halloween is in two weeks and we have nothing to wear! It’s a travesty!" Emma infused feigned sadness into her voice; well, at least Kira thought it was feigned. "We need to get costumes now before all of the good ones are taken. And, I figured we could all plan some sort of theme together."
"Not this again." In the back seat, Miles scrunched up his face, making his glasses slant sideways.
"Oh please, it’ll be fun!" Excited, Emma released both hands from the wheel to make her point. Kira jumped forward and grabbed it before the car could swerve out of control. Emma flashed her a sheepish smile.
"I’m with Miles. I refuse to dress up as a Ken doll," Dave added, almost under his breath, but loud enough for Emma to notice.
"It was only an idea…" Emma let her sentence trail off. Kira laughed picturing the boys as Disco Ken with sequined blazers on.
"I’ve got it!" Luke chimed in from the back seat. Everyone but Emma, now making the effort to concentrate on driving, turned to look at him. "Power Rangers."
Kira groaned. "I refuse to wear a yellow jumpsuit. Never happening. No way."
"You could wear the pink one…" Luke trailed off, anticipating a slap. Instead, Kira turned around in her seat and simply rolled her eyes at him. He laughed it off, but held her eyes for an extra second. She nodded subtly, trying to let him know this was exactly what she had needed and that she was finally feeling a little better. The bickering that constantly seemed to befall their little gang was making her forget all about the other thoughts churning in her head.
"I’m with Kira. No way. Even I can’t look sexy as a Power Ranger."
"I beg to differ," Dave chimed in from the back. Kira saw Emma flash him a smile through the rearview mirror.
"What about the Scooby gang?" Kira tried to contribute to the debate.
"There’re only four of them." Miles said from the back.
"I know. Luke can be Scooby-doo!" Everyone laughed, except for Luke who just claimed he was too tall to pretend to be a dog.
They pulled up in front of the mall, and Emma slid her car into a parking spot. As they jumped from their seats and headed toward the front doors, a peace treaty was figured out. Everyone would come up with a theme later, and after fifteen minutes of walking around, they would choose the best one—the end.
The mall was crowded and Kira immediately tensed up. She couldn’t help but imagine how many of those people held deathly secrets or how many might try to kill her.
Children laughed as they played on the jungle gym set up where Santa’s workshop would be constructed in two short months. Their parents gazed on from the sideline. A group of preteen girls gossiped in the corner, and, opposite them, were a group of Goths Kira recognized from school. Everyone was harmless, she reassured herself. She had to believe it.
The sun seeped through the skylight and, for once, Kira was truly grateful for the lack of artificial lights at this mall. She instantly felt warm all over and calmer.
Luke came up to put an arm around her shoulder. She realized the rest of the group had left them behind to walk toward the costume shop at the other end of the mall.
"Are you okay?" Luke asked, pushing her down the walk a little. Her feet fell instep with his and she started to break from the trance.
"Yeah," she nodded. "What’d you tell them? No one commented on my slight mood."
"Nothing really, just that you were going through some family stuff right now. Emma really wanted to call you yesterday to check in, but I told her to leave it alone and that you didn’t want to talk about it."
"Thanks." Kira nestled into his arm a little further. "I still just don’t know what to do. I spoke with my Mom and she told me the whole story, all about my parents. And she gave me this." Kira pulled the locket and ring out from underneath her sweater. She opened it and showed Luke the picture. He squeezed her shoulder, comforting her before she even realized she was holding her breath to keep the pain from seeping out.
"Come on," he said, picking up the pace. "No more sad thoughts. It’s time to let Emma dress you up like her very own life-sized Barbie doll." He smiled cheerfully as Kira whimpered and involuntarily walked into the Halloween shop.
The first things she noticed were the life-sized animated skeletons and ghouls that were speaking and had electric light up eyes. Spiderwebs were knotted all over the ceiling and gruesome bloodied hands and heads lined the floor. A mechanical spider dropped from the ceiling, landing on top of her head, and Kira let out a loud yelp before realizing it was fake. A five-year-old little boy laughed at her from the other side of the store. Annoying little kid, she thought while looking for her friends who all seemed to have disappeared.
"Kira!" Emma waved her over to the back wall, which was lined with costumes and thankfully lacked the gore of the entrance. On the way to the female costumes, Kira spotted the boys huddled in a corner all holding different swords and speaking in hushed tones. She didn’t like the look of it.
"Which one?" Emma asked holding up a pirate costume and a princess costume. Each one was short with barely any fabric, and Kira knew it would leave little to the imagination.
"Um…" Kira said, not knowing how to answer. She wouldn't be caught dead wearing either one out in public.
"Okay, Okay," Luke came up behind them. "The boys have come to a decision: superheroes, super villains or pirates. Girls, take your pick." Kira noticed he still had a saber looped through his belt hole, making him look more like a little boy than ever.
"Oo!" Emma ran off without answering. She looked like she was in the middle of a eureka moment. Luke just glanced at Kira with a raised eyebrow and she shrugged. Dave and Miles sauntered over, looking out of breath.
"Swordfight," Dave exhaled.
"It was awesome! We need to be pirates." Miles added and Luke looked crushed that they dared do something so amazing without him. But Emma came rushing back at that exact moment and thrust something that looked vaguely like black pleather into Kira’s hand.
"Put it on!" She squealed and ran into the dressing room behind her. Kira rolled her eyes, afraid that she had already guessed what it was, and followed suit.
When she closed the curtain behind her, Kira unfolded the costume, looked in the mirror and sighed. A Catwoman outfit. Of course.
Kira didn’t want to be caught dead in the thing, but knew she had to appease her friend. With a loud exhale, she stripped off her clothes and tried to squeeze into the skintight suit.
When she was ready, Kira took a quick peak into the mirror, and she had to admit, she looked good. She had never worn skin-tight leather before, but it definitely looked hot. Kira held the whip in her hand, put the mask on over her eyes and smiled. She looked nothing like herself, but she kind of liked it. The faux cat scratches up the side of her leg definitely looked really sexy, and she tried to push aside the part of her head that started to wonder what Tristan would think. She couldn’t let herself go there.
"Kira, come out! I bet you look awesome." Emma called from the other side. Kira peaked around the curtain and saw that a few feet to the side Emma was dressed in a Poison Ivy costume. The boys looked appreciative and were at the moment fighting over who got to be Batman if the theme stuck. Kira slid open the curtain and the boys dropped their jaws, halting the fight mid-argument.
Kira smiled. It felt good.
"Wow," was all Miles said, scrambling to right his glasses, which had tilted during the argument. The other two boys remained silent, still slack jawed.
"Perfect!" Emma walked in front of her and beamed with joy. "These are the perfect costumes. We are going to look amazing at the party."
"Party?" Kira immediately felt her heart sink. It was one thing to dress like this in front of her friends, but another thing entirely to dress like this in front of the whole school.
"Yes, the party. The Halloween party? I thought you knew about the school dance. I’ve only mentioned it a hundred times." Oh, that party, Kira thought to herself.
"Right, right." Kira tried to recover. She could never let Emma know she didn’t pay attention to half the things she said during lunch. The girl spoke at a rate of about one hundred miles per hour.
"You do like the costume, right?" Kira saw the hopeful look in Emma’s eye, saw how excited the boys were and sighed.
"Yeah, I love it."
"Excellent!" Emma practically skipped back into her dressing room.
Kira pushed the curtain aside, step back into her room and would have screamed, except a hand closed over her mouth and Tristan pushed her up against the mirror, holding her so tightly she couldn’t move. He closed the curtain tightly with his other hand.
Kira felt her body begin to heat immediately. She wasn’t sure if his was his proximity or her powers, but she couldn’t stop the flush that rose to her cheeks or the slight fear that crept into her eyes.
"Please, please calm down. I’m not here to hurt you. Please, don’t be afraid." She saw the pleading glint to his eyes, and knew he would have already hurt her if he wanted to. She tried to swallow her fear and felt her body relax into his. Tristan freed her mouth and dropped his arms down to his sides.
"Hey," he said, smiling so slight dimples formed on his cheeks. He shrugged. Kira started to smile in return, but stopped it, mentally shaking herself. She couldn’t just forgive him. She forced herself to walk around Tristan’s body and slide down the wall to sit on the floor. The image of him licking his lips clean of her blood rose to the forefront of her thoughts, and Kira remembered the desire and repulsion that ran across his features. She looked away from him, unsure of how to act, what to say, and mostly what to feel. There was anger of course, but there was also sadness. She had missed him. She had tried not to, but Kira couldn’t hide the bit of joy she felt at seeing him again.
"Please, say something." Tristan knelt down to sit next to her, keeping his voice barely above a whisper. She looked at him, at his pale skin, shaggy black hair and somehow warm blue eyes. He was evil beneath it all. She had to remember that, or else she would keep falling deeper under his spell. She didn’t understand, looking at him now, why she couldn’t have fallen for Luke instead. It would have been so much easier. But here she was, wishing he would sit a little closer and explain to her that none of it was true.
"Why you?" The two words escaped her lips before she even realized she had spoken. Hurt filled his eyes. She felt the morning’s joy quickly seeping from her, like a receding tide.
"I’m sorry," he started to stand, shaking his head more at himself than anything else.
"Wait," she lightly touched his arm, but it was enough to make him sit back down again. "I didn’t mean it. It’s just…it would have been so much easier to hate you." She let her eyes fall to the ground, counting the feathers and sequins that had fallen off the many costumes that had been tried on in the small room.
"I know."
They passed the next few moments in silence.
"What do you want?" She asked, daring to speak first and glance at him.
"I saw you and Luke walking over, and I just had to talk to you. I need to explain what happened. You know I would have never hurt you, right?" She nodded, hoping it was true.
"I was going to tell you. I swear. But then Diana interrupted and we started fighting and before I knew it things were spiraling out of control. And then there was the whole part where you almost killed me…" He laughed a little, stealing a peek at her through his lashes.
"Sorry about that." She smirked at him in return.
"We’ll call it even." A little shred of hoped seemed to light his features.
"Why, were you almost going to kill me?" The hope vanished, but Kira had to ask the question. He ran a hand through his hair, frustrated.
"That was their plan." Kira sucked in her breath. "But, even before I met you, I never would have let them go through with it," he hastily spoke, "I’m not like that, I swear. I don’t kill people. I know you might not believe me, but it’s the truth."
Kira knew she shouldn’t, but somehow she did believe him. She started to say so, but heard Emma from the other side of the curtain.
"Are you okay, Kira?" Crap, she thought. The dressing room really wasn’t the ideal place for serious conversations.
"Yeah," she fumbled for an excuse. "Just having a little trouble with the zipper. No big deal."
"The boys are all in their costumes. Poke your head out."
Kira glanced at Tristan and stood up. She stepped over his outstretched legs, suddenly remembering she was in a leather pantsuit. She could feel his eyes taking in her outfit and immediately felt embarrassed. She tried to quell the blush threatening her cheeks as she slid her head around the curtain.
Kira barked out a laugh at the sight of Dave as Batman, Miles as Robin and Luke, of course, as the Joker.
"Perfect." She said, meeting Luke’s eyes and ignoring the questioning concern they held.
"I know. We’re going to make quiet an entrance next week," Emma said. Kira noticed she was already dressed in her normal clothes and held a shopping bag in her hand. How long had Kira been in the dressing room?
"Okay, I’ll be out in a moment." She ducked her head back behind the curtain and glanced at Tristan as he jerked his head back from a position that seemed precariously close to one someone would use to check out her behind.
"I have to go." She stated into an awkward silence, not sure how to get changed with him in the room.
"Can we talk later? Will you meet me somewhere? There are so many things I still want to say." Kira wanted to say yes. She wanted to let him explain everything, wanted the fake mistletoe and stolen kisses one more time. But, she couldn’t.
"I’m not ready," she said, even as her heart screamed at her. "I don’t know if I ever will be. I know you didn’t mean to ever hurt me, but that doesn’t change anything. What you are, what I am…" She let that last thought linger. There was still so much keeping them apart, so much she didn’t know about him and wasn’t sure she wanted to find out.
Kira turned away from him and looked out past the curtain. All the boys were still comparing costumes.
"Close your eyes." She needed to get changed and he still couldn’t leave. He put his hands over his eyes, but Kira noticed the slight opening between his pointer and middle finger. "Come on, close them." She said, making him stand up and forcing him to face the curtain while she changed behind his back.
After a few excruciatingly quiet moments, she was back in her comfy jeans; happy she was free of the skintight cat suit.
"Hide, okay?" He nodded. She started to pull the curtain aside, but he quickly grabbed her hand, making her turn around.
"You looked really hot, by the way." She smiled shyly. "See you at the dance," he winked and Kira quickly bolted out of the dressing room, trying to keep her heart from beating right out of her chest.
Kira practically ran to the cash register and bought her costume, telling everyone she would wait for them outside. She found a bench, curled her knees into her chest and let her thoughts wander. What was she going to do?
He drank blood for crying out loud. How was she still attracted to him? Kira could never tell Luke, and maybe couldn’t even tell Emma. Would she risk it to see if she could love Tristan?
Kira fingered the gold ring that now hung around her neck. Did she have the courage?
"Penny for your thoughts?" Luke sat down beside her and she quickly let go of her necklace. Kira had realized one thing, she needed to learn control. When Tristan had grabbed her, she could feel herself start to explode. If it had been Diana or Jerome or John, she might have accidentally killed one of them in the costume store. Or, they could have killed her. She needed to learn more about herself and her abilities.
"I need to start training with you, don’t I?"
Luke stared at her thoughtfully, probably wondering what brought this about. "Yeah, at some point you need to start learning who you are and how to use your abilities to protect yourself."
"Can at some point be like at some point next week?" She lifted her lashes to view him better.
"Whenever you want."
She nodded. "Let’s do it."
"There’s one more thing I need to tell you." Kira waited, hesitant. "I need to start sending reports back home. I haven’t told them anything important about you, not yet. But, if we start training, I need to let them, the council, know you have abilities. I don’t think anything will change, at least for a few months. But, I thought I should tell you."
"Thanks," Kira replied and thought about it. Once he sent that report, there would be no turning back. The Protectors would know the threat she represented. The whole conduit community would probably learn about her, her powers and the danger she represented. All the more reason to train and to show them she had control. She had to prove to them that they hadn’t made a mistake by protecting her all those years ago.
Kira nodded in understanding, silently letting Luke know it was okay, as their friends finally approached.
"Sorry, I got distracted." Miles looked sheepish as he apologized.
Emma rolled her eyes. "He challenged a ten year old to a lightsaber duel. I swear Miles, I hope you get into Harvard, because aside from us, those nerds will be the only ones who accept you."
"Hey," he started, but then paused as if realizing the truth in the statement. "I sent in my early decision application finally. Did I tell any of you?"
They all congratulated him, and Kira prayed he would get in. They all loved him, it was true, but unlike Luke who pretended to be really childish, Miles really seemed to be a little boy sometimes.
A few hours later, Kira finally pulled open the front door of her home and climbed the stairs to her bedroom. Shopping had utterly drained her, and she was happy to finally soak in the steaming hot water of her shower and let the stress of the past few days melt away.
Wrapped in a soft, fresh towel, she slipped into her room and practically passed out on her bed.
"What’s this?" Chloe appeared from under her bed, scaring Kira half to death.
"What’s what?" Kira asked, pulling her little sister on to her lap, loving the fact that nothing had changed in that relationship. She still loved Chloe with all of her heart, and they would always be sisters.
Chloe shoved a piece of paper at Kira. "It’s pretty." Chloe smiled and Kira took the paper, sucking in her breath when she saw a drawing of her as Catwoman and a note that read: Can’t wait.
"Where’d you find this?" Kira asked, finally finding words.
"On the bed, silly," her sister tried to take the paper back, but Kira pulled it out of her little arm’s reach. Tristan had been here, in her room?
Chloe slid off her lap and tugged on Kira’s arm.
"Make me hot cocoa," Chloe ordered. Kira laughed and tried to get out of Chloe’s grip while still holding onto her towel.
"Let me get dressed first." Chloe pouted, but let go of her arm and rushed downstairs to wait in the kitchen. Kira stared at the drawing for another moment before walking over to her bookshelf and slipping it in with Tristan’s other drawings that she had hidden in her jewelry box.
She tried in vain to ignore all the questions creeping into her mind and quickly got dressed to appease the four-year-old terror downstairs.



Chapter Ten

"I can’t do this!" Kira shouted at Luke in frustration.
"Just relax. Think about lighting the rock on fire. You can do this, I know you can." Kira looked at Luke, wanting to strangle him. Real easy to feel so calm when you’ve been practicing since birth, she thought as she wiped the sweat from her brow. All the mental exertion was draining her.
She and Luke had been practicing for almost an hour and nothing was happening. Kira was almost beginning to think everything had been a dream; clearly she had no special powers.
Kira stopped for a moment to look around Luke’s backyard. They stood in a small patch of grass, surrounded by dense forest. Kira couldn’t make out his neighbor’s home through the bushes. Even in the sunlight, the trees were dark and Kira knew that if she walked ten feet into the bushes it would be pitch black. A perfect place to practice, Luke had told her when he picked her up from her house and brought her over to his place. No one would see anything and they would be completely safe.
An entire week had passed before Kira had brought practicing up with Luke again, and since her parents had left for church without her this morning, she had called Luke right away. Things were still awkward at home when her parents were around, but when she was alone, left with nothing but her thoughts, home was excruciating. Now, Kira wondered which was the lesser of two evils.
"Come on, try one more time and then we can take a break."
Kira sighed and re-focused her energy on the boulder Luke stood next to. He told her it wouldn’t actually burn, that vampires were the only things affected by the light, but she was a little afraid of hurting him if she couldn’t rein it in once started.
"Kira," he brought her back to attention.
Just focus, he had said, it’ll come to you naturally. Well, Kira stared at the rock thinking, light on fire, light on fire, please God give me a little flame—but nothing. Her palms didn’t even feel warm. She threw them up in the air.
"This is just never happening! I can’t keep staring at a rock and pointing my hands in front of me, I might as well say abracadabra and try to make your house float away. This is ridiculous!"
Luke shook his head. "Let’s take a break. I need to think of something. I don’t know why this is so hard for you. When we were all young, using the power felt like using another limb, it was always easier than this. And I know you’re strong. I’ve seen it."
"Well, good for you." Kira huffed and collapsed on the grass where she was standing. He walked inside his house, clutching his forehead with one hand; clearly trying to make a better lesson plan than the one they were currently following.
He’s as new at this as I am, Kira thought. She let her back fall flat against the grass so she could stare up at the blue, cloudless sky.
Come on, she thought.
"Dear sun, please give me the power to channel your rays through my body, thereby allowing me to inherit my apparent birthright and kill some vampires…love, Kira."
I’ve officially gone insane, she reflected while rolling over onto her side to stare at the few brown leaves dusting the ground. Autumn was a lot different in the south, a little too green for her liking. Kira wondered what it would be like to have a Christmas without snow. She would miss the New York blizzards, the slushy streets and the cursing pedestrians slipping down the subway steps or marching Prada boots through inches of snow. Rockefeller lit up at Christmas. The city came alive when the lights on the gigantic tree were switched on, and the ice skating rink was crowded at every hour of the day. She had always come home for a week during Christmas break, to visit with her family, but hanging ornaments on a plastic tree never felt right. Kira used to love coming home to her dorm where her roommate Sarah and her would decorate a blue spruce pine tree.
But, Kira sighed as she sat up, she had more pressing concerns.
Luke said it would be easy, like breathing, eventually. She wondered if maybe it was just too late. She took psychology back at boarding school and she remembered learning about human development. The first few stages of life are the most important. If you don’t learn to speak by the time you’re four, you probably never will. Babies are born curious and learn far more than adults do. Maybe she had just missed out on her chance.
Enough ruminating, Kira mentally shook herself. She needed to learn this.
Luke finally re-emerged from his home and carried over two lemonades. Kira gladly accepted. The mix of cold and sweet instantly refreshed her, and she turned to Luke, waiting to hear his thoughts.
"So…basically, you’re a freak."
"Hey!"
He threw his hands up in defense.
"Kidding! I just don’t think the way I was taught as a boy is going to do anything for you. Your body doesn’t react, doesn’t know it’s own potential. We need to like awaken you first."
"Okay, creepy much?"
"I just mean, we need to find some sort of trigger so you can start to remind your body how it’s supposed to work."
"Well, how did you learn? Maybe if you tell me a little bit about the procedure, I’ll understand."
Luke sat down next to her on the grass, sipping his lemonade and staring deep into the ebony woods.
"It’s hard to explain I guess."
"Try." She said, not letting him off the hook at all. This was all his idea anyway. Well, not technically, but still.
"When you’re little, the teaching is less about learning how to bring the fire out and more about learning how to stop it and control it. Ever since I can remember, I would think of the fire and it would come. Easy as pie. The hard part was controlling it."
"So, it’ll be doubly difficult for me." She ran a hand through her hair, exasperated. "Fantastic."
"One of the main reasons conduit communities live in such seclusion is to protect the children who have no control. The fire doesn’t hurt humans or even inanimate objects, only vampires. So, theoretically, it would be safe to live anywhere. But babies just release energy all the time without any warning and suddenly there’s a streak of fire soaring through the air like a cannonball until an adult catches it and sucks it back into themselves. Obviously, if we lived in human communities, people would start to catch on to the strangeness."
"Will I ever be allowed to see that?" Kira asked, vulnerable. She wished she could have grown up in such a place, totally accepted by everyone.
"I hope so. Sonnyville was like nothing you’ve ever seen. I miss it sometimes."
"Why’d you come here, Luke? Why’d you take on this mission?" Kira had wondered it for a while. Who would willingly enroll in high school to basically baby-sit the one person who could potentially destroy the world? Nobody wanted that kind of pressure.
"Because it was my duty."
"That can’t be the only reason. You’re not one to blindly follow orders. Remember I dated a Protector in New York, and he was nothing like you. Had he said duty, I would have believed him, but you don’t like to always follow the rules."
"You mean Cy?" She nodded. "I spoke with him before coming here. He told me how little you knew, how he suspected you would need someone to look out for you. He did care about you, in his own extremely stuffy way."
"And you pitied me?"
"A little." Luke shrugged. He was trying to be completely honest with her. "A lot of it was the fact that this was such an important duty, and important missions are hardly ever granted to someone as young as me. Part of it was my competition. One other boy in my town, Nick, fit the bill. But, he was a hard ass and no fun. I knew he’d never befriend you unless necessary. I knew he wouldn’t provide the support a girl in your situation would need. And, you know me," he broke his far-off stare to smile at her, "I can’t resist a damsel in distress." He lowered his voice to spooky imitation of Dracula. "Now, try to light me on fire if you dare...mwahahaha."
Kira stood, ignoring Luke’s impression of an evil mastermind, and got right back down to business.
"So, I need a trigger."
"Yup."
"Any idea what kind?" Luke shook his head with a sly smile. He waved her closer and she hesitantly walked over while he turned around. She moved closer to his back, wondering what the heck was going on, when he turned around and lunged at her.
Luke grabbed her by the throat, knocking her to the ground, and she saw teeth protruding past his lips. He sunk his head closer, so the teeth started to poke her neck and Kira felt trapped. She couldn’t move under the weight of his body and had no weapon to fight him off with. Desperation heated her veins and she felt the flood of warmth surge through her body. She started shivering from the temperature difference between her molten core and the cool breeze brushing her skin. Kira willed the fire to seep out, anything to stop the unbearable scorching of her heart.
Suddenly, she burst, the same way she had in the auditorium. She felt the burn on her hand and opened her eyes despite the pain. Luke smiled and the waves of sun rolled past him, leaving him unharmed. Kira felt like a river that had just been set free from a dam. There was no way to stop the waves of power bursting forth.
"Control it!" Luke yelled over the cackling fire.
Kira told it to stop. The flood started slowly calming and she curved her fingers towards her palm, trapping the light in her vice-like grip. Finally, the last bit of light burnt out and Kira almost expected smoke to seep from her palms.
Instead, Luke trapped her in a hug and swung her around. "That was incredible! I was even pushed back a little from your power, which is really hard to do, trust me. You’re really strong. You don’t even know how strong. It’s like there’s no limit to how much light you can channel. I never felt it waver until you wanted it to. People usually only last for five or ten minutes, maybe less at full force. "
Kira swiveled. "How long was I going for?"
"Like half an hour. It was incredible."
"Oh my god." Kira sat down. "That felt like thirty seconds to me."
"It’s okay, the timing will come with the control. But, for now at least, we know your trigger." She looked up at him expectantly. "Well, duh. No offense, but clearly being scared is the only thing that brings the power out in you. We’ll fix it. Don’t worry."
"How?" She looked up at him, noticing how the sun silhouetted his features, almost looked like he wore a golden crown.
"I mean, I can’t always run around jumping on you with fake fangs. That was just a one-time deal. You’re okay, right? I got a little into the moment." His eyes peered towards her throat.
Kira reached her hand to her neck. She felt completely fine. There was no bruise even though it felt like he had choked her pretty bad. "Is it possible that channeling also acts as a cure?"
"Not that I’ve ever heard of." He was intrigued, she could tell.
"I never mentioned this before, but in the auditorium, I was hit with a brick and my leg was bleeding really badly and Diana cut my face. But afterwards, when I came back to your place, all the cuts had closed. They seemed to have disappeared. I just assumed it was another side effect, like the burns."
Luke grabbed her shoulders, staring her down. "Are you certain?" She nodded. "Don’t tell anyone. I don’t know what it means, but it is most definitely not normal."
"I promise, I won’t tell. I don’t even have anyone to tell." She shook free of his hold and tried to laugh it off. Just another way she was different, dangerous. Kira sighed.
"So what now? How do we keep practicing?"
"Try to think of things that scare you, and see if anything happens."
"Like what? Spiders?"
"Maybe? I don’t know. This is new to me too. Just try to make yourself scared to death." Kira rolled her eyes. She just had to scare the life out of herself, how simple.
Kira tried thinking of spiders, but nothing happened. She thought of their hairy legs, the clicking of sharp mucous covered fangs and sticky webs trapping her alive. Nothing.
Next she thought of flying, picturing turbulence so rough her butt picked up off the seat and the overhead compartments fell open. She pictured oxygen masks falling from the ceiling, the plane spinning circles in the air to eventually crash in the Pacific Ocean where she would drown in the cockpit or escape to be eaten alive by great white sharks.
Not even a flush developed on her skin.
Finally Kira thought of the worst thing possible, a scene out of Scream where a knife waving psycho chased her through her house killing off her friends and popping out of closets.
Nada. All Kira had managed to do was give herself the heebie-jeebies since her and Luke were totally alone in the middle of nowhere, a place no one could hear her scream. Kira shivered.
"This isn’t working. I’m just freaking myself out."
"Keep trying. This has to work. It’s the only way you’ll learn any control and be able to do anything aside from fending off a vamp right when it’s about to bite you. That method is way too risky."
Suddenly, Kira had an idea.
She looked back at the rock, focusing on the lines of color formed by sunlight and shadow. Towards the bottom, the hard surface turned black and she stared into the abyss, letting her eyes lose focus and start to blur, until an image from her subconscious took over—Diana.
Kira imagined the moment when Diana leaned in to sink her teeth into Kira’s flesh, the uncontrollable fear she had felt as death crept closer. How she looked at Tristan and in that moment realized he could do nothing to save her, that each of them was helpless. Kira waited for the pinprick of teeth on her neck, felt the tiniest pinch before…and then Kira felt it: her strength was gathering.
Heat flowed to her palm, and, for the first time, it felt as though she called it. She pulled at the tendrils of fire with her mind, willing them to surge through her veins, accepting the pain and focusing on the darkness she was trying to dissipate. Kira felt a burn as the flares broke through the skin of her palm and flooded Luke’s backyard.
She lost whatever hold she had had for those few seconds and started sweating under the relentless surge. Distantly, she heard a man’s voice calling at her, telling her to stop, telling her to rein it in, but some sort of monster had awoken inside of Kira. Like an out of body experience, she felt her legs give out, felt the grass crunch against her cheek, all the while her hands aimed out towards the rock. New hands lifted her, surrounded her. Kira felt her palms press against something hard, felt the light drain away and seep into a different source.
Slowly, Kira’s vision began to return. She focused on her slightly glowing fingernails where they pressed up against soft cotton. Strings of light danced between her knuckles, trying to escape the suction cup hold of her hands against Luke’s chest. Kira noticed for the first time that the light was sinking into him, weaving into his chest and leaving her body.
"Kira, you have to stop. It’s too much."
She looked at him, at the strain on his face and the rough lines of his taunt lips. Not her smiling Luke—this Luke was in pain. He squinted his eyes to squelch the feeling, trying to act like a man, but Kira could hear his raspy breath.
She stepped back and folded her fingers into her palm, willing the torment to stop, and her light obeyed. It winked out almost immediately.
Luke turned away and with a loud grunt, released the sunlight he had absorbed from Kira out towards the forest. For the first time, Kira understood how beautiful it was. The flames illuminated even the darkest corners of the forest, like a firework exploding at eye level. Red, yellow, orange and blue swirls circled Luke and the yard around, leaving everything unharmed. Flowers turned almost immediately to catch the new rays and blooms opened as if commanded.
But then, Luke crashed to the ground and crumpled against the grass, letting his light wink out and leaving the yard shrouded in darkness once more.
"Luke!" Kira screamed and ran over to him. She landed on her knees beside his immobile body and turned him over so his back touched the grass. She cupped his face in her hands.
"Luke, please, I didn’t mean whatever happened."
His eyes peaked out from nearly closed lids. His fingers moved against grass, inching closer to her own. Kira grabbed his hand and moved to rest his head upon her lap, brushing damp hair from his forehead.
"Luke?"
His eyes fluttered and Kira heard his breathing lengthen.
"Hi," he said quietly, squirming in his drowsiness. "Give me a second," he asked and tried to sit up. Kira let him gather his thoughts and regain his composure, but she needed to know what had just happened. Did she almost kill him? Kira thought he had said it wasn’t possible.
"I’m sorry," Kira said. He looked over at her and shook his head.
"What are you sorry for, Kira? It was my own fault."
"What happened, Luke? I thought I couldn’t hurt you."
"You didn’t." He sighed and tried to stand. Luke wobbled on his feet, but took a few hesitant steps, as though he were trying to remind his legs how to work. Kira followed him back to his porch and sat beside him on the stoop.
"I overexerted myself," Luke said finally. Kira looked at him, completely blank in the face. "I tried to take your power into my body. You looked completely lost, like you were drowning, and then you fainted and I had no idea what to do. So, I let your light flood into me to calm the storm and wake you up, but I guess it sort of backfired." Luke looked sheepish. Some teacher he was.
"But, why did it hurt you?"
"It was just too much power. You have no idea how strong you are. Once your body realized what I was doing, you kept pushing more and more light into me and I just got full I guess. Like a water balloon that gets filled too much: I just needed to release it."
Kira nodded, finally understanding. She felt horrible.
"At least it worked," Kira tried to be optimistic, while she mindlessly pulled little grass strands from the ground.
"What did you think of? To trigger your power?"
"I pictured Diana and the scene in the auditorium." Kira shuddered, not wanting to start up again. Luke just nodded.
"So, we’re probably done training for the day. You fainted…then I fainted. I’d call it a successful session," Luke said, making light of the situation like always. Kira nudged him with her shoulder.
"What are you going to tell the council? I assume you have to send some sort of report this week."
Luke shrugged. "Not much. I’ll let them know you inherited the power, that you have finally started learning to channel at will and that I’m training you. Nothing about the extent of your abilities." Luke looked away from her as he finished talking, trailing his words off into silence.
"What are you hiding? What would happen if they found out?"
"I honestly don’t know."
"But, it wouldn’t be good."
"No, probably not." He agreed, almost silently, reminding Kira that this wasn’t all fun and games. It was serious.
Luke grabbed her hand, pulled her from the stoop and led her inside to his kitchen. Kira grabbed her backpack and noticed a small bookshelf in the corner of the room. She couldn’t remember ever seeing it before.
Kira walked over, scanning the titles. Some were classic fiction novels. She spotted a copy of Dracula with a worn cover and binds that had started to disintegrate. Vampire novels, even current girly romances, were all stacked in perfect alphabetical order. And then, on the lower shelf, Kira saw a book on conduits—on their history and culture. The binding was old, filmed with a perpetual dust, and gold script displayed the title but no author. Kira heard Luke in the kitchen. It sounded as though the refrigerator had just closed and, before she realized what she was doing, Kira grabbed the book and stuffed it in her bag.
"Ready?" Luke said as he rounded the corner with a water bottle, which he threw in her direction. Kira caught it and followed him out to the car.
When Kira got home, she ran up to her room, ignoring the family dinner set up in the dining room. She dropped her book bag, locked the door to her bedroom and pulled out the text she had stolen from Luke. Kira turned off her lights, leaving only the reading lamp by her bed on, and situated herself in her comforter.
She looked at the index: Chapter One – A Brief History, Chapter Two – Vampires With Souls?, Chapter Three – Protectors vs. Punishers, Chapter Four – A Mixed Breed, Chapter Five – The Prophecies.
Kira ran her hand down the thick paper, fighting the urge to jump right to the fourth chapter. She let her head fall back onto her pillow.
Kira never thought she would be the type of girl that needed an entire chapter of an ancient text devoted to how dangerous she could be. The book had no copyright or publication information. The pages were bumpy from the thick ink that rose off the page, and a thin string was all that held the binding together. Kira almost feared she would wreck it. Had Luke meant for her to find this? She was positive there had been no shelf when she had stayed the night, positive there were no books visible in his home.
Training had drained her. So Kira stuffed the book under her mattress, where even her sister couldn’t reach it, and vowed to start reading it that week. But, before she could even finish the thought, sleep embraced her.



Chapter Eleven

Everyone’s eyes were on Kira as she and her friends walked into the barely recognizable gymnasium. A blush crept up her cheeks and she thanked God for the oversized cat mask—complete with ears—that accompanied her costume. Emma and Dave were holding hands and giggling, completely unaware of the crowd, while Luke and Miles had already headed for the snack table, leaving Kira alone and uncomfortable by the entrance. She was used to the stares she got because of her voluminous strawberry blonde hair, but she had never felt so exposed.
Kira wanted to curse Emma for convincing her to wear the skintight getup and for cutting extra cat-scratches up the side of her legs. Flashes of her skin were exposed all the way up her thigh and one scratch cut across her entire back. Kira avoided making eye contact with the senior boys who had all but started drooling when she walked in.
Twenty minutes before, when Luke’s trusty pick-up van had stopped outside her house, Kira had sprinted from her room, down the stairs and out the door to keep her mother from commenting on her outfit. When she sat safely in the car, Emma kept talking about how she loved the extra black glittery eye shadow and mascara Kira had put on, but the boys had been mysteriously silent. Kira was starting to understand why and she didn’t like it. It was one thing to feel sexy, and another to actually have guys openly staring at you.
Kira took one more look around the room, and all the way in the back of the gym, she spotted him. Tristan sat with Jerome, John and Diana at a table nestled in the corner of the party, away from the crowd and completely separated from the fun. All three of the boys wore suits and Diana was dressed in a floor length black ball gown. They looked like they had missed the memo on the costume party and had instead dressed up for a black-tie affair. But even though Diana was sitting down and in the wrong theme, Kira begrudgingly thought she looked amazing.
Of course, Kira mused, the one guy who I actually want staring at me is completely absorbed in his own world. And Kira left that thought at that, leaving Tristan behind to go find her friends.
Emma had snatched a table right next to the dance floor, so Kira sat with her to wait for the guys who were gorging on hors d'œuvres.
"Aren’t the decorations just amazing?" Emma gushed, while gazing around the room. Kira had to admit that the party committee had done an awesome job. Cobwebs hung all over the ceiling and walls, filled with plastic spiders and white Christmas lights. Carved pumpkins lined the floors and acted as centerpieces. They had even found black lights to make the room and cobwebs glow a creepy purplish color.
"Very mysterious looking," Kira agreed. She looked over at Emma, who was shifting her weight on the seat while going back and forth between speaking and keeping quiet. "Spit it out," she told her friend, more curious than anything.
"I just have to ask about Tristan. What is going on there? I’ve been keeping my distance and waiting for you to talk, but I just can’t wait anymore. And the way he stared at you when we came in. I mean, even I flushed."
Kira snapped her head around to Tristan’s table. "He was looking?"
"Looking like he wanted to devour you! So, spill."
"It’s complicated…"
"Because of Luke?"
Kira silently thanked Emma for the way out. "Yeah totally, because Luke would hate it." Not exactly a lie, but definitely not the real reason for her hesitation.
"You have to let that go. Luke can handle it. And I know you really like Tristan. Your eyes just lit up like stars when I said his name." Kira blushed, hating her obviousness. The boys came back, saving her from the rest of the conversation.
"We are definitely the best dressed here," Luke said as he sat down and Kira couldn’t help but agree. Dave made a great Batman and Emma looked like the perfect Poison Ivy evil girlfriend. Miles was, well, Miles in his Robin costume, the forever geek, and even Luke had the maniacal charm of the Joker when he wanted to. He had even let the girls cover his face with costume makeup.
As Kira watched Luke, he met her eyes, and for the first time Kira thought his gaze held more than just friendship. She quickly denied it, blaming her ridiculous costume, and looked away.
"Hey," he grabbed her hand, "let’s go be evil and mischievous together." She leaned in while they discussed what villainous act to pull, and in the end, Luke went the easy route and pulled Dave’s mask off his head and ran away with it. Kira followed with Miles and Dave hot on their tails. The chase only lasted a few minutes until Dave tackled Luke behind the bleachers. So, Luke tossed the mask to Kira who quickly found herself cornered by Miles. She threw the mask as far away as she could before Miles jumped on her, hoping the recovery at least would be difficult. Then, out of nowhere, Emma appeared, snatched up the mask and teased Dave until he caught her up in his arms and stole it back.
"No one can beat Batman and Robin, fools." Dave and Miles yelled triumphantly, and, laughing, the whole group walked back over to their table.
"Hey, Kira."
She jumped at the unfamiliar male voice saying her name and turned around. Carter Evans, the school quarterback, was talking to her. It was bizarre, Kira thought, put on some leather and the guy commonly referred at the most gorgeous person to ever attend this school suddenly wants to get to know you.
"Want to dance?"
Kira honestly wasn’t sure what to do. He was definitely nice to look at, and he was a completely normal all-American sort of guy. Maybe he would be good for her track record, she figured. Emma’s eyes practically bulged from her head, and Kira knew she needed to say yes. So, she took his open hand and let him lead her to the dance floor, which resembled more of a mosh-pit than anything else.
"You look amazing," he whispered in her ear as he put his hands on her back and pressed her body against his. Kira felt the base rumble through her. She found the rhythm of the music and decided she just needed to enjoy herself. To forget about Luke and Tristan, to forget conduits and vampires, and just be a normal hormonal teenage girl dancing with one of the most attractive guys at the school.
Carter wasn’t one for words, she realized, as they continued to dance in silence. The music blared and the crowd of dancing students moved as one, and soon Kira began to get really overheated in her leather jumpsuit. Even the skin showing cutouts weren’t enough to keep the sweat from gathering, so after a few more songs with her body pressed firmly against his rather tall and broad chest, she and Carter went to get some punch.
Kira looked around while he waited in line, noticing the jealous stares of her fellow classmates and pointedly avoiding the table all the way in the back. She was ignoring him tonight and not thinking about how his black suit set off the stark blue of his eyes so nicely.
Kira quickly drank the few glasses of soda Carter retrieved, and then headed straight to the dance floor again. Carter managed the crowd easily, pushing them closer to the center and away from the tables, so other dancing couples surrounded them. Kira started to feel dizzy, like the white lights and glowing cobwebs above her were moving around with them. Carter’s actions seemed to be in slow motion and she felt herself giggling without any reason. When he started kissing her neck, Kira wanted to pull back, but her muscles weren’t cooperating and she had to lean on him just to keep from falling over. He looked down at her, smiling, and she laughed loudly, like his kiss was the funniest thing in the world. He spun her around, holding her waist when she wobbled, so that her back pressed against his stomach.
Kira leaned her head against his chest, closing her eyes to keep the room from spinning, and almost fell when she felt Carter step back suddenly. His arm came around her again and she was pressed up against his chest this time, but he wasn’t dancing anymore. Kira opened her eyes to ask what was wrong and instead of Carter’s honey irises she saw Tristan’s blue ones. She giggled at the unexpected, but welcome, turn of events.
"Hello," she said and leaned her head back against his chest, this time spotting Carter on the floor, doubled over and clutching his stomach. "Did you hit him? That wasn’t very nice." She tried to scold him, but Tristan just rolled his eyes.
"C’mon. You need some fresh air."
"No, I’m fine. Let’s just stay like this." Kira leaned her head against his chest again, stopping her spins and balancing issues in one deft move. Tristan wrapped his arm around her waist and slowly led her through the mass of people, gripping tighter when he felt her balance wane. After a few minutes, they had slipped free of the crowd and were exiting the humid gym. The blast of cold breeze felt fantastic and Kira let Tristan lead her away from the school and past the football field to the big tree overhanging the school’s manmade lake. He sat down and leaned against the tree, motioning for her to sit with him, but Kira ignored it and started dancing to the quiet strains of music they could hear coming from the gym.
"Kira, sit down." He sounded frustrated.
"No! I want to dance." She started jumping up and down to the beat of the music and almost lost her balance, but Tristan stood up and caught her before she crashed. He slipped his jacket off and Kira pushed her arms through the oversized sleeves. Finally, she calmed down and swayed to the music with him.
Kira sighed, resigned to the fact that the moment felt completely right.
"What?" he asked.
"I’m supposed to be ignoring you, but it’s not working."
He laughed quietly. "No, that doesn’t seem to be working for either of us."
"Is that why you punched Carter?"
"I just couldn’t stand the way he was touching you." Kira smiled to herself.
"Jelly belly," she said, wishing she could get her mouth to stop word vomiting. She could feel his chin on the top of her head as he pulled her in closer.
"Maybe." He said, but it sounded more like a begrudging yes.
Kira yawned.
"Time to sit down," he told her while helping her down to the spot next to him on the ground and leaning her back against the tree. Kira watched the moon reflect off the water. She looked at the sky and saw it still swerving there, and finally had the realization Tristan must have had in the gym.
"I think my sodas were not just soda," she concluded as the world continued to spin.
"I think you’re right." He put his arm around her, letting her head fall to his shoulder. They sat silently in the moonlight, just enjoying one another’s company.
"Are you like one hundred years old?" Kira spat out the first question that came to her mind. She had never even thought of it before, too consumed by his eating habits instead.
Tristan shrugged. "A little older."
Kira sat up, fascinated, and turned to look him in the eyes. "How old?" She asked, feeling like a little girl.
"About one-hundred and fifty, give or take a year." Kira’s jaw dropped and her eyelids widened in complete shock.
"Gross!" She clamped her hands over her mouth before she could say anything else. He just laughed it off.
"I look pretty good for someone who’s more than a century old, right?" He grinned. She blushed, thinking of their kiss, and silently agreed.
"So, what do we do now? I’m seventeen and growing, you’re seventeen and stagnant." Kira finally felt herself coming down from the alcohol Carter had slipped her. The lake still seemed to glow and the stars still danced in the sky, but she was regaining her mental control.
"I don’t know," he whispered and reached for her hand. Kira intertwined her fingers with his, amazed at his cool touch against her boiling skin. Fire and ice, she thought. That really was what they were, complete opposites. Fire could melt ice and ice could douse a fire, but was there anyway for the two to meet in the middle? But, she thought, Tristan wasn’t just icy, he was passionate and alive too—more like a flame trapped in the arctic, struggling for the chance to be set free.
Kira snuggled in closer as his arm tightened around her shoulders, and she let her breath slow, let herself enjoy the comfort of these moments where nothing but her feelings mattered, when her mind had shut off for a moment.
A scream sounded, waking Kira from her reverie.
She bolted upright, out of Tristan’s arms, and he stirred beside her, jolted from his quiet slumber. They both heard the second scream loud and clear.
Kira looked to the right towards the woods by the school. She swore it came from that direction.
"Come on, we have to help," Kira said and took off at a run towards the noise. Tristan swore and ran past her, using his supernatural speed to shoot ahead. Kira made it to the tree line, where the moonlight lost its power and everything was pitch black. She heard whimpering ahead of her, sure that whatever girl had screamed was now in real danger. She crept forward, trying not to trip on the roots and twigs all over the ground.
Kira saw the blue glow of a cell phone through the trees and hid behind a bush to evaluate the situation. She had to help. What if that girl had been her? But, she wasn’t sure what she faced on the other side. She started to stand up.
"Stop." Tristan breathed into her ear. She nearly screamed from fear. "It’s Jerome and John. Let me." And, Tristan disappeared around the tree bend towards the noise.
"Jerome. John. Control yourselves." She heard the commanding tone in Tristan’s voice. But there was no reply. Kira couldn’t help it. She was too curious and too worried that Tristan wouldn’t save the girl. She crept, on her hands and knees, around the tree and peered towards the light from the cell phone. The LCD cast an eerie blue glow around the forest, illuminating Tristan. She followed his gaze further and could barely make out the shadow he stared at.
Kira inched closer. Then she understood.
A girl in a Cinderella costume lay sprawled on the ground, perpendicular to Kira. Her hair was filled with leaves and dirt, proving a struggle had occurred, and now she wasn’t moving. Jerome leaned over her neck and John, with his back to Kira, held her wrist to his mouth.
Kira was paralyzed. They were killing her. But, instead of feeling powerful and angry, Kira felt afraid. The scene had dredged up a memory she had buried long ago, but now it all came rushing back.
Baby Kira looked up into the pale freckled face of a woman with straight pearly blonde hair. She tugged on the loose tendrils, thinking it a game, and laughed when she caught stray strands flying in the breeze.
"We have to hurry," a man said, and Kira was scared by his tone. She looked over at the tall man with curly red hair, and he strained a smile for her benefit. "Don’t you worry, baby girl." He said and tapped her nose. She tried to reach his, but her arms were too short. Instead, she used her fire and shot a bolt at his face, laughing as the pretty colors danced across the sky. He looked shocked as the flame landed on his cheek, but it sunk deep into his skin with no harm done.
"I’m going to get you," he said, sweeping her from the woman’s arms and swinging her over his shoulder to pat her bum. Kira laughed and shot a bolt at her mother for another reaction. Her mother caught it in her hand and shot it back. Kira clapped her pudgy baby hands and tried to squish the light, but she missed. She tried again, and shot a long stream at her mother, who now caught it in two hands. She was about to send it back, when seven men burst out of the trees to their left.
"Lana!" The man shouted as the strangers grabbed the woman. She shot the light at them and they fell backwards, but kept coming. The redhead man ran to the side with Kira and lifted her off of his shoulders, hiding her in the twigs and leaves of a bush.
"Kira, baby. Listen to daddy," he whispered urgently, "be quiet and don’t shine your light. Whatever happens, this is very important. Do not let anyone see your power." Even as a baby, Kira knew to listen. He kissed his fingers and touched the kiss to her forehead.
Then he turned and shot bolts of light from his hands like bullets, slamming them into the vampires nipping at the woman lying on the ground. The vampire stumbled backwards, but more came from behind the man and jumped him, biting into his flesh. He screamed and let the light come out in a long wave. Some vampires were thrown away, other’s who were feeding were immune to the effects. Eventually, the man fell to his knees, then his stomach, until he too lay still on the ground.
Vampires circled both bodies, lying over them, not letting a single drop of blood escape their lips.
Kira sat in the bush, still not able to crawl. She didn’t release her fire. She wanted to make her father proud. Kira cried silently, until a minute later another crash came, this time from behind her. Arcs of light soared over her head towards the vampires. At first nothing happened, but slowly the vampires moved back against the onslaught of light, not totally immune. Someone grabbed Kira and lifted her from the bush, but she listened to her father and didn’t show anyone that she could make flames as well.
The vampires moved from her father, but they could not be pushed from her mother. The woman was still surrounded and dying.
"Let’s go. We must hurry." Kira heard. In an instant, she had been turned from the scene and a new woman was holding her and telling her everything would be all right.
"No!" Kira shot up from the ground, propelled back from the memory into the present day. Jerome looked up. His pupils had expanded so his eyes were ivory with bloodlust. Kira was furious. Quick as it had ever come, as though the vision had fully awakened her powers, Kira shot fire at John’s back and right into Jerome’s face. Both were instantly flying through the air, slamming into and breaking tree branches with the force of Kira’s power.
Somehow, she kept the light from Tristan and it curved around him. He was safe. He was not evil and not the force of her rage.
When Jerome and John had been flung completely from her sight, Kira winked out the fire, fast and easy, as though turning off a light bulb.
"Well, well. Someone has certainly learned a thing or two in the past few weeks." Diana spoke, emerging from the trees behind Tristan. "Can’t hit me without getting lover boy too. Such a shame." She pouted, still glaring at Kira.
Diana was angry. She must have known where Tristan had gone when he disappeared from the school dance. Kira thought about trying to shoot around Tristan again, but her initial anger was waning, and she wasn’t sure if she could control it.
"Get out of here, Diana." Tristan tried to move out of the way, but Diana just followed, protected as long as she remained two feet behind him.
"Oh, Tristan." She placed an arm over his shoulder. "I’ve been letting this go for far too long, letting you suck on your plastic bags, letting you get more human with each passing day. But, it ends here." He made a move to escape her but she held steady. "Oh, not right now. I’ll let you live in this dream world, where you and our mortal enemy live happily ever after. But, I’ll be back and you’ll be my Tristan again. And when you are," Diana let him go and forced him to look Kira in the eyes, "she’ll be the first one you kill." Diana pushed Tristan from behind, and he stumbled into Kira with a look of horror marring his features.
Kira caught him, distracted enough to miss her chance to weaken Diana. Instead, Diana disappeared into the woods, probably following John and Jerome, concocting a plan for revenge.
"This is all my fault," Tristan swore to himself. Kira hugged him, closing her eyes and comforting him for the moment he needed, before standing up and walking to the girl lying on the ground. She looked so small in her torn and now bloodied Cinderella costume. Kira figured she must be a freshman who was excited by Jerome or John’s interest, never once suspecting anything bad would happen. Kira knelt down and lifted the girl’s head onto her lap. She had healed herself before, now it was time to try the skill out on someone else.
Kira placed her palms over the girls ears, holding onto her head, and let her power melt into the girls skin. She could feel it travel through her veins, sealing wounds and healing bruises. After a moment, the girl stirred and moaned in pain, and Kira stopped. She would be safe. The girl would live.
Kira kept looking down, imagining the girl as the woman she had seen her in the dream, with pale blonde hair and a dazzling smile. She saw her mother, alone, abandoned by her people, left to die while her husband’s body was recovered and her baby taken away.
"Is it painful?" She asked Tristan. He understood.
"No. Most times, the victim is in a dream state, not aware of their surroundings or of what’s happening. There are sometimes exceptions though, if no care is taken." Kira nodded. "Let me have her. I’ll bring her body closer to the school where someone will take notice and call an ambulance."
Kira felt more than saw the girl be lifted from her arms. She let her body fall back on the dirt; let herself curl into a fetal position and cry. Had her mother been in pain the whole time? Had she felt the life drain from her body? Her father had been killed quickly, perhaps because he was a man, and they feared the Punishers more. Kira prayed her mother had been sucked into a dream and that she never knew what happened. That in her mind, Kira and her played with fire all the way back to a safe house where the three of them could have grown up as a family. She prayed her mother died to dreams of kissing her child goodnight, growing old with her husband and escaping the confines of conduit society. The truth would have been too hard to bear.
Tristan returned for Kira. She barely noticed him pick her up and hold her close to his chest, letting her tears soak his fresh white suit shirt. She pulled his jacket tighter around her, relishing the smell of him—the smell of musk, generic soap and burnt embers that might have come from her.
Eventually, Tristan stopped walking and opened his car door. They slid into the backseat with Tristan still cradling her in his arms. Kira fell asleep while he hummed a jazz tune quietly in her ear and placed a loving kiss on her forehead.
That night, she dreamed of the first year of her life: of her parents, of her powers, of how happy she had seemed in that memory. She remembered the games they had played to teach her how to control her flames and how to hide when she needed to. They had loved her and she had loved them with all her heart, and when they were taken away, Kira had shut down. She had promised her father to never show anyone her powers, so she never used them again—not in front of her adoptive mother and never even alone. Eventually, Kira realized, she had just completely forgotten about her powers.
But clearly now all of that had changed.



Chapter Twelve

When Kira woke up, her back ached and she was freezing. She pulled Tristan’s blazer tighter around herself, fending off the cool November morning air, before realizing it was probably Tristan himself that was chilling her.
She sat up and maneuvered out of his arms, trying not to wake him. Oddly, Kira didn’t feel embarrassed at all about spending the night with him in his car. She loved having him hold her and comfort her. Sure, her parents would flip when she got home and she would have to figure out what to say to Luke. But for once, Kira wasn’t going to worry about that.
Kira looked out the car window at the grounds brushed with dew and the sun that had just started peaking through the sky. The night had awakened something inside of her and she felt different. More in control, like her memories had allowed her to acknowledge her birthright and to understand it wasn’t horrible but beautiful. She could save people. Perhaps, she had been born not for chaos but for life.
Kira opened her palm and let a little flame rise to rest on her hand like a small campfire. Her fingers warmed instantly as did her body. Feeling the sun gather on her skin left her completed contented. The swelling under her eyes receded, her scratches from the forest mended themselves, and finally Kira found something better to wake up too than coffee.
"You’re beautiful. You know that?"
Kira turned to Tristan, happy to wake up to his barely opened eyes and lazy smile. Distracted, she let her light grow, until she saw Tristan wince.
"Sorry," she said and winked it out of existence.
"I don’t mind." He sat up.
"So what now?" Kira asked, letting her head fall back on his shoulder.
"Do you need to go home?" Kira shook her head. There were too many things they needed to talk about. She wanted Tristan to open up to her and tell her about his past. Kira knew that if she went home, he would close himself off again to protect her. "Good, then just trust me." He got out of the car and hopped into the driver’s seat while Kira sat on the passenger side. Tristan started the engine and slid his hand into hers as he sped out of the school parking lot.
Kira couldn’t help but wonder if anyone had seen them sleeping in Tristan’s car last night. Someone must have. They were in the middle of the parking lot and not everyone had left the school dance. Luke might have, but Kira didn’t even want to think about that. He would be so angry and hurt. He would never understand why she wanted Tristan, but she and Tristan were the same in many ways—both outcasts who didn’t really belong anywhere.
"Penny for your thoughts?" Tristan asked.
Kira relaxed and placed her feet on the dashboard, letting her eyes meet his, knowing they sparkled like Emma had said earlier.
"I’m thinking I’m happy just sitting here with you like it’s completely normal," she smiled and he grinned back, clutching her fingers a little tighter. "I’m also thinking, damn I wish I’d brought a change of clothes." Tristan snickered and Kira glanced at her leather-covered legs, happy she at least had his coat.
"Don’t worry. We’re not going anywhere public."
"And, where are we going? You don’t have to be so mysterious all the time."
"Maybe I just like keeping you on your toes." Kira rolled her eyes and settled in to her seat some more, listening to the music and letting Tristan concentrate on the driving.
Eventually they pulled up next to a riverbank. Tristan led Kira along the shore, pulling her until they reached a giant oak tree with branches that reached out over the water. Tristan slid on the branch in front of her and then helped Kira up. Kira let her back rest against the tree trunk, watching Tristan as he inched further out past the few feet of marsh, until his feet dangled over flowing water. Kira listened to the birds chirp, the water swoosh and the trees rustle, and felt at peace.
"It’s beautiful. What river are we on? How’d you find it?"
"The Ashley River. I’ve come her ever since I was a boy."
"One hundred and fifty years ago?" Kira asked. This was what they had come here for—to talk and to tell their stories. Kira looked at Tristan, watched him peel bark off the branch with his fingers and struggle with what to say. "It’s okay." She wished he would move closer so she could hold his hands and provide some comfort.
Tristan took a deep breath in, let the air ease out and began to tell his story.
"I was born in 1847, right here in Charleston, to two wealthy plantation owners." He glanced up at her, trying to gauge Kira’s reaction, but she just nodded encouragingly. "My house wasn’t far from this spot, and I used to play on this tree as a little boy. I was often by myself, left alone to explore and play. You see my mother was the only one who ever understood me. We’d go into Charleston and she’d buy me expensive paints. The first time she bought me a canvas, she took me up to the steeple I showed you and told me to draw the city. It was life changing." He paused, and Kira tried to picture him as a little boy, hiding away with paints and drawing pads, exploring the forests alone. It was a sad image of a lonely childhood, and Kira was suddenly more grateful than ever for Chloe and the parents she did have.
"You have to understand, I never liked slavery, never wanted the family business, and never wanted any part of cotton. That was for my brother. I needed beauty and not savagery. But, when the war came, I did my duty. We both went off fighting, my brother fighting for power and I fighting to protect the city I loved, but not the lifestyle. One night, in 1864, the Northern army surprised my regiment and I got shot twice—once in the thigh, once in the shoulder. I fell instantly and watched as my fellow soldiers retreated to leave me stranded. Other dying men lay moaning all around me and I slowly bled out, awake for what seemed like hours, hearing others fall silent beside me, until a man came. I saw him kneel with the dying, leaning in close. At first, I thought he was a priest saying prayers for the dead, but then he came closer, and I saw the blood all over his face and started screaming. For some reason he took pity on me, and saved my life by turning me. When I woke up, feeling the hunger, I knew hate for the first time. I wished I’d died."
Tristan eased his eyes shut, lost in his own thoughts for a moment. Kira knew he was struggling with the memories of the life he had lost.
He opened his eyes and stared out into the distance, at the trees on the far side of the riverbank swaying in this wind. Kira had a feeling he was staring through them to a scene she would never herself be able to see. "Aldrich, my maker, was not a good man. He kept dungeons filled with human prisoners, enjoyed torture and murder. For thirty years, I stayed with him. He forced me to kill, to feed off terrified and crying women, and I thought it was the only way to live. That I was damned to that hell forever."
Tristan let out a sad smile and ran his hand through his hair. His shoulders were hunched, but he turned his head to look at Kira. "One night, a band of Punishers raided his home. We all fled, but I purposely let the conduits separate us. I knew it was my only chance to escape, so I let him think I’d died. I’ve never seen him since. I don’t know whether he lived or died, and I never want to."
Kira wanted to cry for him, for the horrible things he had lived through. He moved closer to her, back towards the shore, and Kira grabbed his hand when he was within reach. She pulled him to her, until he had shifted so his back rested against her stomach. She hugged her arms around him.
"It’s alright, now."
"I may be a vampire, but I’m not a bad man. I swear it." He sounded as though he was about to cry. Kira realized his memories still haunted him.
"I know," she said and nodded, hoping he felt the movement against his head, understanding she was sincere.
"After I escaped, I kept to myself for a long time. I fed off people because I had too, but never enjoyed it and never killed again. I traveled, jumping from one city to the next, trying to see the wonders of the world and meeting different sorts of vampires along the way. Some were just as bad as Aldrich and some were just like me. During the First World War, I scavenged on soldiers dying in Europe, but a few years later a discovery changed my life. I stumbled upon a Russian blood bank, found bags full of blood and realized my days of feeding on humans were over."
"When did you meet the others?" Kira asked, thinking of Diana, Jerome and John.
"I knew Diana from the start," Tristan angled his head to look at Kira. She hoped she covered her shock well enough. Diana and Tristan had known each other for more than a century? "She was with Aldrich for years before he turned me. She took to his teachings far more than I ever did, but she always believed we were meant to be together. She was the one who helped me escape, and I never heard from her again, until I returned to Charleston fifteen years ago, finally ready to come back home. I was tired of drifting, of being alone, and I missed Charleston. It hadn’t changed all that much in one hundred years, and I was walking through the old town one night when I saw her with Jerome and John. She welcomed me back with open arms, and even though I disapprove of their lifestyles, it felt so nice to have a family again. But all that changed when I met you."
"Why?" Kira couldn’t understand how two months of barely knowing her had changed Tristan so deeply that he would betray the one person he had known for one hundred years. Because surely that’s what Diana saw it as—betrayal. The past two months had flipped her life upside down, but she never imagined Tristan felt the same.
"When I first saw you, in the classroom, I had no idea what you were. I never dreamed conduits could form mixed breeds, but Diana knew right away, and she wanted to capture you and to kill you. As soon as she said it, I don’t know why, but all I could think about was protecting you. Well, some protector I turned out to be." He shook his head and sat up, jumping from the tree to stand on the shore. He knelt down to gather some flat stones to skip along the water’s glassy surface.
Kira watched as he beat himself up over the events of the past few weeks. No wonder he always seemed sad, Kira thought. He blamed himself for everything, even things completely outside his control. "I’m alive, aren’t I?"
"Because you discovered your power. Diana almost killed you."
"But Tristan," she sat up and grabbed his shoulder, forcing him to face her, "I might have never discovered anything if you hadn’t helped me, in the classroom, when you scared me. It awakened my power, made me know I could somehow help myself. And, let’s not forget that you saved me from almost drowning." His features softened and he leaned back against the tree branch, covering her hand with his own, keeping it securely on his shoulder.
"You must have questions. Fire away."
Kira chewed her lip, thinking of what to ask first. Her mind was practically bursting, but she didn’t know where to start. What do you ask someone who is old enough to be your grandfather but looks young enough to date? Normally, Kira thought, a guy his age would be married…married? How many girls had he been with? Kira had only been dating for a handful of years, and she had already had at least one boyfriend. Tristan had been doing it for one hundred and fifty years. He must have had tons of lovers.
Kira pulled her hand from his, suddenly very conscious of their age difference. She’s never done more than kiss a boy, and she could only imagine what sort of creepy, vampire things Tristan had done.
"Kira? What are you thinking?" He turned around, resting his elbows on the tree branch and looking up at her.
"Um…" Kira twiddled her thumbs, fighting the urge to blush. "So, how many girls have you, you know…dated?" God, she thought, why am I acting like a thirteen year old?
Tristan burst out laughing. "Of all the things, that’s what you want to know?"
"Well, it’s a start. Why? Something to hide?" She asked, lifting her eyebrows. Kira was becoming defensive and it brought her out of her dazed schoolgirl mood.
"No. I don’t even know. No one serious, if that’s what you’re asking. But, I’ve been around for a while, so I’ve met some women along the way and, well…" He trailed off.
Kira hid her face in her hands, suddenly not wanting to know. No one serious—that was good enough for her.
"New topic please," she spoke still not meeting his eyes, "Can I see your fangs?" She dropped her hands, feeling like a little kid with a new toy.
Tristan rolled his eyes at her, but closed his mouth and opened it a second later after a strained expression crossed his features. They were smaller than Kira had remembered with Diana, not nearly as frightening as she had imagined. Pearly white and seemingly delicate, but Kira knew they were lethal, literally. They looked sharp, she thought and reached her finger out to touch one, but Tristan moved away.
"Don’t. I don’t want to hurt you," he said, letting his teeth recede back into his gums. Kira wasn’t sure if he meant hurting her finger, or doing something a little worse, so she left it at that.
"So, what did Diana mean about getting ‘her Tristan’ back? Can she do that? Can she actually change you?" Kira leaned back against the tree again. Diana’s threat had seemed real and much more a promise than empty words.
"No. I should probably explain more about Diana though." He sighed, resigned. "When Aldrich brought me back, during the change, Diana was the one who cared for me. Afterwards, she taught me how to eat and survive and control the urges. She always believed I loved life with Aldrich and that I would someday love her. But years passed and she could see my discontent. When she helped me escape by leading Aldrich the other direction, away from the Punishers and from me, I think she always expected for me to find her and return to her. When I finally did, I was a different man. She was disgusted that I ate from bags and refused live humans. She still is. I think she believes if I fall off the bandwagon one time, and drink from a human one time, I won’t be able to stop. That I’ll become the monster Aldrich made me into again." He looked up at Kira, his expression hard and full of conviction. "I never will, Kira. That was never who I am, and I won’t go back, no matter what Diana tries to do."
"I’m confused though," Kira thought back to the auditorium, when she discovered what Tristan and the others were. He was stronger than all of them. If she had never gotten hit by the brick—never started bleeding and distracted him—Tristan would have beaten them all. He had thrown them around like rag dolls and not a single punch had touched him. "In the gym, you laughed when they threatened you. They were all afraid to challenge you. Why? Diana’s older, shouldn’t she be more powerful?"
He shook his head. "The age thing is just a myth. Your human blood determines power and strength. If you were strong as a human, your strength will be amplified, same with speed. Even abilities like being able to read people’s facial expressions can turn into actual mind reading when you’re changed into vampire. I think that’s why Aldrich turned me. He must have known I’d be as strong as I am. But, age doesn’t affect it at all. I could be stronger than a thousand year old vampire, but he’s had more time to make friends and garner power, so he’s more untouchable."
"What do you mean?"
"Vampires have their own set of rules. Almost every country has some sort of governing council with heads, sort of like senators, in each of the major cities. If I wanted to travel to, I don’t know, Boston, I would need to ask permission first. There are a lot more rules than you would think."
"But all the rules I would think of seem to be wrong." Kira said, remembering Tristan in the church and lying in the sun.
"What do you mean?"
"Well, we’re outside during the daylight and you don’t seem to be bursting into flame. How did all those rumors get started?"
"It was…" He thought of the right word, "beneficial for vampires to start those rumors. That way, anytime I wore a silver cross or went surfing, no one would even consider the possibility of the supernatural. Just a precaution."
"So, I’m the only way you can die?" Tristan shrugged, and Kira looked down at the dim burn marks on her hands from the night before. It hadn’t even hurt that time. The fire had come completely naturally. "Can I ever become a vampire?"
"No," Tristan said quietly. "A conduit can only be killed by a vampire. Their blood rejects the turning." Kira assumed as much even though Luke had never bothered to tell her that. She was relieved in a way, knowing that she could never become a vampire. She would have never wanted that, a life of drinking blood, even if it meant a life with Tristan.
"Can you ever skip out on the whole immortality thing?" Tristan shook his head silently.
They really were doomed, Kira thought. She would grow old and die, probably killing vampires along the way. He would be young and strong forever, and there was no way around that.
"Is all of this even worth it?" Kira asked, staring out at the water. The tide had risen and the waves were choppier now, breaking into white heads along the surface and swallowing the marshes at the riverbank. "I mean, I wouldn’t mind the whole cougar aspect, having a boyfriend who looks seventeen when I’m at the ripe old age of sixty, but who are we kidding?"
"We have to try," Tristan urged. "Maybe you can live with never knowing, but I can’t spend eternity wondering what could have been. And, if we end up falling in love, truly and deeply, we can deal with it when the time comes. I wouldn’t mind having a sugar-momma." He winked at her, and Kira felt her mood lighten a little bit.
"I’ll marry a rich man and you can be the hot pool boy I have a scandalous affair with."
"Or, I can make a ton of money and pay for all the plastic surgery to keep you looking young. Pumped up lips and little botox for the wrinkles—I don’t like it when faces actually move you know."
"Can’t wait." Kira said and pretended to growl like a cougar. He grabbed her around the waist, pulling her from the tree branch and into his arms. They slipped from the shade of the overhanging tree, into the heat of the sun, and it refreshed Kira, giving her energy.
"What does the sun feel like to you?" Kira asked, loving the serenity she always felt when outdoors.
"Sort of like an electric current prickling my skin. It stings, but I don’t mind."
"And what does my sunlight feel like to you?"
"I imagine it’s comparable to being burned at the stake. Every part of my body boils under the heat."
"I’m sorry," Kira said and Tristan brushed the lock of hair that had fallen over her face back behind her ear.
"I don’t blame you. You were only protecting yourself. Besides, as soon as you stop, the pain does too, in an instant."
"Still…"
"Nope. No feeling sorry for the vampire. Besides, it’s my turn to ask you a question." She looked up at him, waiting. "Are you really a mix between Protector and Punisher? I thought so, but without tasting more of you, I can’t be sure." Gross, Kira thought, tasting me?
"There will be no blood exchanges today, so I’ll just tell you that I am and you’ll have to trust me." He smiled, showing her that he had popped his teeth out again, jokingly.
"You should dye your hair. It’s too obvious. If word gets out that you exist, every vampire around the world will be coming after you." Kira ran a hand through her curls. She had never even thought about her hair as dangerous, as giving her away. Her eyes maybe, but how deadly could a strawberry blonde mess really be?
"And then all hell breaks loose, right?"
"Let’s hope we never have to figure that out." Kira silently agreed. All she needed was to let go for a second, lower her guard and then bam. She remembered her parents, how vampires had jumped them, coming out of the bushes with no warning sign. If a single vampire ever caught her, he could keep her around, drinking her almost dead for immunity, then letting her blood replenish for more supplies. Kira saw Tristan fight Diana, John and Jerome. Without their light, conduits were no match for vampires. It is our only weapon, Kira thought. Conduits needed to exist, but Kira could mean their end.
"You know, you seem different to me," Kira said, liking the cool embrace of his arms around her, comforting despite the cold. "Happier, somehow. Like the brooding, sad Tristan has been mostly replaced by the mischievous one."
"I am." She felt his smile against her forehead. "You don’t even know what a relief it is to talk to someone about all of this. I’ve been holding it in for one hundred years, and finally, I can openly and honestly talk about how I feel. I can be myself."
"I understand," Kira said, as she rested her head on his chest, noticing the steady beat of his heart. "I can’t talk to Luke about how I feel about all of this. He would never understand why I’m even talking to you. He doesn’t know what it feels like to be trapped. I never asked for these powers. I never asked to be a conduit, and the potential end of the world, as Luke described it, if some vampire becomes immune through me. I never wanted any of it. But, he’s always lived this life. He always wanted it and he loves his job, I can tell. He told me to keep the healing thing to myself, you know? He thinks the conduit council won’t react kindly. It makes me question what they’re like, whether I even want to be apart of it."
"I was wondering about that," Tristan said, running his finger along the spot on Kira’s face where Diana had cut her. "There was no scratch or scar the next time I saw you. I thought Luke might have done something. I actually don’t know very much about conduits."
"I think I’m the only one who can heal things. I don’t know how I do it, it’s just sort of an instinct." They stood in silence, Kira waiting for Tristan’s inevitable question.
"So, what are you going to tell him?" Tristan asked, and Kira moved her head to look up at him, reading the vulnerability in his features. She knew what he meant, what would she tell him about them, about this conversation and the intimacy they now shared. Surely, Kira would tell him about finding Jerome and John in the woods, about the memory she recalled and how she could now control herself so much more. But, what about the dance her and Tristan shared by the lake, or the private moments they shared now, talking about the darkest parts of themselves. She couldn’t hide from Luke forever, but she wasn’t sure if she could come clean and risk losing him.
"I don’t know. I’m so sorry. I just…I don’t know how he’ll react. And I need him, he’s my only connection to the conduits, the only person I can learn from."
"It’s okay," Tristan said, but Kira saw the quick flash of hurt in his eyes, eyes so icy blue she had at first wondered if there even was emotion in there. Now she saw them differently, not icy but deep, like a pond on a calm day when the surface seems hard at first, but something as small as a pebble can drop smoothly in, destroying the semblance of steel. Kira had dropped in, broken the surface of his soul, and she didn’t know when she would reach the bottom.
Tristan cupped her cheek with his hand, staring into her eyes as well. Kira wondered what he saw there. Were her eyes a raging fire that had suddenly calmed to a flickering flame? Her heart seemed to stop as he kept looking, reading her fears and desires, her vulnerability, and the parts of her she tried to keep hidden from everyone else. Then, almost as if in slow motion, he leaned his face down to hers, letting his lips gently grace Kira’s, and the moment of calm was gone. Her heart pounded and she stood on her tippy-toes, eagerly returning his kisses.



Chapter Thirteen

When Kira awoke on Monday morning, she dreaded going to school. She hadn’t seen Tristan since he had dropped her off at home on Saturday, and she ignored Luke’s calls all weekend, completely unsure of what to tell him. When she finally got out of bed, it took her ten minutes to brush her teeth and wash her face—she stared at her hollow eyes in the mirror the entire time. She thought of Tristan and felt a blush rise, then quickly thought of Luke and hated herself. Eventually, her mother pushed Kira into the car and actually drove her to school.
Kira’s mother left her in the full parking lot, telling her to hurry up because Kira was obviously late. Kira listened and ran to the safety of her class, one she shared with neither of the boys. She kept her eyes glued to the scratched hallway floor when sprinting from room to room, not daring to even chance making eye contact with either boy, and she jumped at the sound of her name a few times, only to realize she had been dreaming it.
But then, the lunch bell rang.
It was time. Unless she decided to eat in the bathroom stall, Kira would have to face Luke and Tristan. She meandered through the halls, waiting for them to thin and for the cafeteria to crowd, hoping her entrance would go unnoticed. Finally, she couldn’t stall anymore, and she walked through the double doors into the chaos of lunch hour. Her eyes immediately honed in on the table outside where one lone figure sat: Tristan.
He was sprawled across the table top, basking in the sun with his hands crossed under his head and his foot tapping to the tune playing only in his mind. Almost immediately, he turned his face to meet Kira’s eyes. Her heart stopped and he crinkled the corner of his mouth in a subtle greeting. Instantly, Kira flashed back to the hours they spent lying in each other’s arms on Saturday, when all conversation had ended and all there had been were feelings. She had never been kissed so passionately, yet held so gently and treated like a lady. He had respected her and let her set the pace, which yes, ended at kissing.
Kira’s pulse started racing at the memories, and she mused that her brain had probably been confused by the complete momentum shift that could only have been caused by the delightful torment of falling in love.
Kira mindlessly bit her lip, hiding the grin that threatened to spread across her face and looked away first, right into the eyes of Luke. He was dodging students, weaving his way through the lunch crowd, and staring her down with a look of relief and anger. Without hesitation, he pulled her into a bear hug.
"What the hell happened to you? I thought you’d died. Why didn’t you call me back?" He set her back down, but kept his hands on her shoulders, ensuring Kira couldn’t run away.
"Nothing," Kira avoided his question when she saw the others making their way over. "We need to talk. Not here," she whispered and then shirked his hold to greet Emma, who squealed loudly and hugged Kira in a vice-like grip.
"We were so worried. Oh my God. You don’t just run out on a school dance like that."
"I’m fine, I’m fine." She said when Miles and Dave leaned in to hug her as well. Jeez, she thought, they really must have been worried. "My phone died and I completely didn’t realize it. I’m so sorry." Kira shrugged her shoulders, feeling terrible.
"So what happened?" Emma asked when everyone had sat back down at the usual table. "One minute you’re dancing with Carter Evans," Emma wiggled her eyes, "and the next you’ve disappeared."
Crap, Kira thought. She had forgotten to prepare a cover story for the rest of the gang. Eventually she would have to tell Luke the truth, but what would appease them in the meantime. Go with something gossip worthy, she thought, Emma will do all the work. "You’ll never believe it, but Carter slipped alcohol into my drink. I got totally drunk, and he started freaking out, so he just drove me home. It was insane. I mean, he always seemed like such a nice guy." As Emma’s mouth dropped, Kira smiled to herself: perfect.
"Oh. My. God. What a creep! I can’t believe this. That must be why he gets so many girls. He totally tried to date-rape you." Okay, maybe too far, Kira thought, and interrupted to rein Emma in.
"No, no. I think I just didn’t realize. Someone else could have spiked the punch, I guess. I mean, he drove me home. That was nice."
"Drove you home after he drugged you!" Emma looked over at Carter, shooting daggers across the room with her evil eye. Carter actually seemed to sense it, because he looked over and quickly sank down into the sea of letterman jackets that composed the football team’s lunch table. "Yeah, that’s right. Hide."
"Emma," Kira grabbed her friend’s arm, forcing her around. "Seriously, it was no big deal. I just went home. I don’t even blame him." Woman scorned, Kira thought with a mental shrug.
"So, where were you Saturday?" Luke interrupted.
"Yeah, what did happen?" Emma let Carter go and turned her attention to the bigger mystery.
"What do you mean?" Kira stared down at her sandwich, taking it out of the Ziploc bag she had packed it in that morning and pointedly ignoring her friends.
"I called you on Saturday, and you never picked up. It rang, by the way, which is unusual for a dead phone, and then I drove by your house and your Mom said you hadn’t come home yet. Strange." Kira assumed from his sarcastic tone that Luke was pissed, but the raised eyebrows and rage-filled stare really cinched it.
"Um," Kira’s mind was racing. Nothing would sound convincing at this point. "I snuck in after they were sleeping and didn’t wake up until like four. You know, drinking…hangover," Kira nodded, trying to sound convincing as she let the sentence trail off. Under the table, she pinched Luke, hoping he would connect it to conduit business, and let it go. He understood, and Kira sensed he knew it was conduit business all along, but wanted to make her squirm.
"Damn," Dave chimed in. "Sounds like Carter really got you wasted."
"Totally," Kira buried her face in her sandwich again and let Emma take up the conversation, telling stories about the parts of the party Kira had missed out on. Apparently a bunch of guys from the basketball team pantsed a cheerleader. Kira was actually disappointed she had missed it.
The lunch hour rolled to an end, and Luke grabbed Kira’s hand as everyone started flooding from the cafeteria.
"Come with me," he instructed, leading her against the crowd towards the back door. Kira let him pull her along.
Just as they reached the door, she took one last look across the empty tables and through the windows at Tristan. He was sitting up now, his white T-shirt a little rumpled from the breeze, and he was returning her gaze. His eyes were pained, almost like he had been waiting for her eyes all lunch hour and hated to be the afterthought Kira had as Luke took her away. Kira wished she could give him one quick peck on the lips, letting him know he had been in her thoughts all along, but she was shoved through the door instead.
Tristan’s eyes stayed with her as she and Luke snuck around the school grounds towards the parking lot. Kira knew she had to fess up, tell Luke everything, and just pray he would be all right with it.
She silently eased into Luke’s car, letting him drive wherever he wanted to go to talk. Kira thought Luke had maybe expected it. He had to have known she had been keeping things from him, especially things about Tristan. It wasn’t fair to Luke, she realized, to be lying and going behind his back when he had given up everything to help her inherit her powers.
Luke pulled over next to a big empty playground, one slumbering until the town kids all got let out of school. He walked across the open field toward the jungle gym and Kira followed. They sat on old swings that were covered in flakes of rust and squeaked in the breeze. Kira played with the woodchips at her feet, waiting for Luke to start.
"I’m not an idiot, you know."
"I know," Kira said softly.
"Ever since he saved you on the beach, I knew something was going on. I just, once you realized who you are, I never thought you’d be so stupid." Luke’s eyes were boring into her head, daring her to challenge him, to say it was a lie. "I mean, he’s a vampire. We were made to kill them."
"Not all of us," Kira spoke and finally looked up from the ground. "You’re a Protector. You see the good in them."
"That’s what I’ve been taught Kira, but we all know the truth. There is no good in them. A vampire can’t be saved."
"That’s not true." Kira felt her throat constrict. If Luke were right, there would be no hope for her and Tristan, not ever. She couldn’t let herself believe his words.
Luke moved his hand to hold hers on the swing. "It is. Listen to me and trust me, because I for one have never lied. Conduits have been alive for thousands of years and in all that time, not a single vampire has been saved. They are evil Kira, and any Protectors who don’t believe it are just fooling themselves."
"Maybe you can’t understand this, but I swear, Tristan is different."
Luke started laughing, a dark and hollow sound that turned into a sigh after a few moments. "If he’s so angelic, what did he tell you about Bethany? Remember my ex-girlfriend, the one I saw him eating?"
"He swore to me that he hasn’t had anything but bagged blood in decades. And, I believe him. He said he was saving her, closing the wound after Jerome had bitten her." Kira shook her head, defiant against the charge. She knew Tristan.
"And you believe him? Just like that?" Luke released her hand, swinging away from her in his frustration.
"I do." She stood her ground. If Luke actually got to know Tristan, he would see it too. She knew he would.
"Kira, you just don’t understand. You don’t know enough. I’ve known people who went away to fight vampires and never came back. I’ve been part of a search party to rescue a Punisher from being held captive and tortured. The world is a much darker place than you realize. And, I joke and I make fun because you have to be happy or you won’t survive, but there’s a different side of things you’re just too naïve to see."
"I’ve seen some things," Kira said, lifting her hand away from the chain and letting her palm face the sky. She brought a flame up, small and controlled, and let it dance along her fingers. She threw a tiny ball of light up in the air, catching it with her other hand and absorbing the fire back into her skin.
"I had a vision of my parents’ death. I relived it, and I think I know more about the world than you realize." Kira stretched her arm out and placed a palm on the fresh cut she had noticed on Luke’s bicep. She felt the skin underneath close shut and seamlessly meld together, then took her hand away.
He let out a breath she hadn’t realized he had been holding. Kira looked at him, at the freckles that spanned from cheek to cheek and the slightly crooked bend of his nose that was beautiful in its strangeness. Kira noticed the luminescent quality of his hair and finally the flaming irises they both shared, but she saw a difference for the first time. He always looked on with concern and fascination, but now sadness and maybe even defeat rimmed those eyes.
"What happened in your memory?" Luke asked.
"It was like you said about the conduit societies. I was a baby and I was playing around with my power, trying to control it and make my parents smile. But then we were jumped by vampires and they were killed while I hid under a bush, powerless to stop anything."
"I’m sorry," Luke said and reached for the hand Kira had let dangle beside her swing. She shrugged her shoulders, trying to act indifferent, as if the past was just that, in the past. But his hand was warm in hers, keeping her connected to real life and she appreciated it. "How’d you remember? Or did you dream it?"
"It was Jerome and John actually," Kira said. She continued to hold onto his hand, which now seemed more like a lifeline, and then told him about what had happened. How John and Jerome had almost killed that girl, about Diana’s sudden appearance, and a little bit about her afternoon with Tristan and his history. Luke listened quietly, and Kira observed as his morose frown was overtaken by worried stress lines.
"I don’t like it," he finally said, "revenge is the worst kind of evil."
"But Tristan said it would be fine, that Diana wouldn’t be able to do anything to make him go bad." Luke nodded absently, but Kira could tell his thoughts were wandering into ominous territory. "What? What is it you’re not telling me?"
"Nothing," Luke said, still half-aware.
"Come on," Kira said and jerked on his hand, almost pulling him from the swing, but at least gaining his attention.
"It’s just, Tristan might not have a choice. Conduit blood, it’s like a drug to vampires. It makes them go crazy."
"But he would never bite me." Kira said dubiously, flashing back to the moment in the gym when she had been cut and all of the fighting had ceased—even Tristan had been totally distracted by her blood, and, for a second, had become completely animalistic because of it. When Diana smeared some on his lips, he couldn’t resist taking a taste.
"Willingly, no. But, what if it’s not in his control?"
"How could they do that?" Kira twisted in her swing, coiling the chains and facing Luke. "I have my powers now. They can’t surprise me anymore. I’ll fry them."
"All I’m saying is they have a plan, or at least the start of one. And, it involves you, and Tristan eating you, and some factor we don’t see yet. This is serious and we need to prepare somehow."
Kira sighed and turned slowly in a circle, winding the chain holding the swing a few more times. She lifted her feet off the ground to let her chair unravel, and spun around, bouncing from side to side, done with these dark conversations that seemed to be creeping further and further into her life. When the world was a blur of green grass, blue sky and sunlight streaking past her eyes, unidentifiable except for the array of colors, she felt much more at peace, like a carefree child. All the worries seemed to slip away when there was nothing to focus on but the wind in her hair and the dizzying of her brain.
When the twirling stopped, Kira looked at Luke, who watched her with a slight smile finally showing on his features. She let her feet fall to the wood chips, took a few steps back to gain some leverage and then released, surging forward. Kira pumped her feet, using her arms for extra power, and propelled herself forward with every lean back and thrust of her legs.
Luke began to swing next to her, catching up to her height quickly with his longer legs. Their clothes fluttered in the breeze and Kira’s hair flew all around her. Her butt jumped off the seat as she started beating gravity’s pull, just for a moment, and Kira felt like a kid again, when she was so young that she thought she could swing high enough to flip over the bar and even gain wings, like a fairy.
Finally, the time came when Kira knew she couldn’t go any higher. She pulled her forearms and shins in, racing backwards one more time, and then gravity shoved her forward. She leaned back, stretched her feet out and let go of the swing. She felt the chair seat slide out from underneath her as she catapulted forward, flying through the air while her limbs flailed ungracefully, until the ground seemed to rise up and smack against her feet. She rolled forward, falling onto the grass beyond the wood chipped corral while dead leaves crunched into her hair.
Kira turned her head, watched Luke as he landed beside her with a thud and a somersault, and started laughing.
"I haven’t done that in years," Kira said as she stared at the sky. She watched the clouds blow by, changing from marshmallow white to smoky ebony to brilliant gold as they passed in front of the sun.
"Me neither. I think I can wait another ten years before trying it again though. I can actually feel a massive bruise growing on my butt right now." Luke groaned and rolled over onto his stomach.
"Home?" Kira said, wondering if they had talked about Tristan enough, hoping Luke had all the answers he needed for the moment.
"Home," Luke said and slowly stood up. He leaned over Kira, grabbing the hand she offered, and pulled her from the ground’s clutches. She dusted the dirt and squashed leaves from her clothes, and followed him to the car.
The ride home was safe. They steered clear of vampire related topics and instead talked about their friends and the holidays. Every time Kira looked over at Luke, she knew he was only half-present. He was her guardian and her friend, and she new he must be worried about her safety, but Kira couldn’t think of anything else she could do.
As they turned the corner onto Kira’s street, Luke slammed on the breaks and Kira’s head almost flew through the front windshield because she had tucked the strap of her seatbelt behind her back.
"Luke! What the hell?" She whipped around to berate him, but noticed the hard look in his eyes. She turned slowly in her seat to follow his line of vision as it trailed right to the steps of her front porch where Tristan was casually sitting, leaning against the rail.
Kira’s pulse started to race at the sight of him. The whites of his eyes reflected the headlights and seemed to glow, while the rest of him, dressed in dark jeans and a black t-shirt, melted into the night. He saw the car and gracefully stood up, like a panther easing out of a nap. Kira smiled at him, feeling giddy, before twisting back around to say her goodbye to Luke.
He, she noticed, was not smiling at all. Instead, he had a vice-like grip on the steering wheel, one that was stopping the circulation to his fingers. His stare was so forceful, Kira feared beams of sunlight would burst from his pupils and melt his front windshield.
"Luke?"
He twisted his hands around the wheel while the leather wined in protest. His entire body had tensed up and Kira noticed the bulge of muscles under his long-sleeve shirt.
"Luke?" Kira hesitantly extended her hand, barely touching his shoulder before he snapped his attention to her, still stiff, and now with blood-shot eyes from the strain of not blinking.
"Look Kira, I tried to be a good friend and stay calm, I really did, but how can you be so blind?" He took his hands from the wheel, running his fingers through his hair, practically ripping the strands from his scalp. "He’s a killer, okay? A killer. It’s what they are. Every time he sees you, part of him wants to kill you. Every time. And, I know he promised it wouldn't happen, but you’re a fool to believe him. An idiot."
Kira reached for Luke’s arms, trying in vain to calm him down. She tried to speak, but he cut her off.
"No, okay, no. You have to hear this. He lives by drinking human blood. Do you understand? Human blood and human blood, only. And he’s going to live forever while you get old and die, and there is nothing, absolutely nothing in this world that will change that. Even if you wanted to become a vampire, you couldn’t. There’s no need to risk your life dating him when he’ll just kill you eventually." Luke was yelling now, fogging up the windows with his spat out words. "Maybe not now, but what about when you’re fifty or sixty and he still looks eighteen? What then? When you’re old and wrinkled, he’ll kill you while you sleep and you won’t even know until it’s too late because you trust him."
He made the word trust sound dirty, and Kira listened to his heavy breathing, failing to think of any response. The door behind her swung open and Kira jolted backwards, into the hardness of what she knew could only be Tristan’s chest.
"While I do love seeing you act like a complete ass, Luke, I’ve heard enough. I won’t just sit here and listen to you talk crap about me. If you want to tell me something, say it to my face or shut up." Kira watched Luke grow angrier by the second. She was too afraid to move; too fearful any action she made would just add fuel to the fire. "Kira?" She noticed a hand stretch out in front of her, an offering of escape.
"Stop." Luke grabbed her around the wrist. Yup, Kira thought, I’ll just stay right here and not move a muscle. Luke was glaring at a spot just over her shoulder, and based on the tingle she felt in her neck, Kira guessed Tristan’s face was right about at that spot.
They sat like that for what seemed like an hour to Kira, a complete standoff, before Luke released her hand. She thought, for a futile moment, that he had relented and was going to end the absurdly macho fight. Until he reached for the handle, jumped out of the driver’s seat and sprinted around the front of the car with his hand extended.
Kira knew what he was doing before the fire shot from his hand. "Luke!" She shouted to no avail, and Tristan was hit right in the chest with the full force of Luke’s power. He flew off the ground, sailing through the air to land on his back. Kira knew he could have run away had he wanted to, that the fire was hurting him but was meant to remove him more than to harm him. Still, he let Luke attack, not fighting back, but Kira saw the strain on his features and the taunt pull of his lips. She leapt from the car, directly into Luke’s flames, and let them absorb into her body.
It was the first time Kira had absorbed another conduit’s power. She felt alive, electrified from the tips of her toes to the strands of hair on her head. She let his power funnel into her, felt it spread throughout her limbs and warm her, and Kira almost began to feel like she was pulling the power from Luke rather than he pushing it into her.
"Luke, stop. Someone might see. You have to stop." He waited a second, full of internal struggles and rage, before ending his onslaught.
"Listen to me." He opened his mouth in protest, but Kira silenced him by covering his lips with her hand. "No, listen. This thing with Tristan is something I have to do. I know you don’t understand it, I know you hate it, but I need you to respect me and my decisions, and leave him be." She released Luke’s mouth, but he remained silent. She stepped back, forming a triangle between the three of them, looking from one boy to the other. "This goes for both of you, no fighting. None at all, or I will figure out something really terrible to do to both of you. So just stop. I’m not some toy to fight over. I make my own choices and nothing will change that. So Luke, just go home."
Kira read the emotions that fluttered across Luke’s face, from anger towards Tristan, to embarrassment over his own actions, to what Kira dared say was apologetic for her sake. Regardless, he silently walked to the other side of his car, hopped in, and drove away without looking back.
"Well, now that he’s gone…" Tristan supplied, and Kira faced him, noting the smug smile as he sauntered over and tried to hug her.
"Hold on." She put her palm against his chest, stopping him. "Thank you for not fighting him or running away, but you can’t taunt him either, which you know perfectly well was your intention when you opened the car door." He had the decency to look guilty. "Promise?"
"Promise," he murmured, looking like a little boy whose favorite video game had just been taken away. But, then his features brightened. "Care to seal it with a kiss?"
Kira’s insides felt like mush instantly. Her annoyance had melted to make room for the butterflies now flying in her stomach. She reached up and kissed him on the lips, ending it too soon because she was afraid her parents would walk outside at any moment after all of the commotion.
"What did you come over for anyway?" She questioned, all the sudden curious to know why he had been waiting outside her house.
"I saw you and Luke leave. I just wanted to see how everything went. Clearly, not all that well."
Kira shrugged. "Until about ten minutes ago, things were going great." She presented him with a wry smile, but he became suddenly alert and jerked his head towards her house.
"Your mom is about to come outside." Kira’s eyes widened and she pushed him away.
"Hide!" A moment later, the front door creaked open.
"Kira, honey? Is that you?"
"Yeah, mom." Kira walked closer to the house and out of the darkness. "I’m just making a phone call, be right in." Her mother nodded, concern flashing in her features, before retreating back inside the house.
"Movie?" Tristan asked from somewhere beyond Kira’s sight. She nodded, because what else could you do if a really hot guy asked to watch a movie with you in your bedroom. Kira knew he would sneak in silently, using all the speed and agility he could, and she prayed there were no stray pairs of underwear lying around when he got there.



Chapter Fourteen

The next few weeks passed quickly for Kira.
She and Tristan continued to date in secret, meeting at the beach or some private place from his past that he wanted to share with her. They picnicked at an old lighthouse that was almost broken down and ready to be demolished, but had an amazing view of the ocean. He snuck into her room after her parents went to sleep, so they could lie in each other’s arms and whisper sweet nothings. Kira was coming to love the way his eyes softened when they met hers, how he would gently brush her cheek with his thumb, holding her face as though it were the most fragile thing in the universe. He shared his travels with her, the years he spent in Europe, his impressions of English accents, how frightened he had been on his first African safari, before he had realized he could do more damage to the animals than they could to him.
And, most of all, Tristan shared his art, the most personal part of him. He had sold most of it throughout the years, but he showed Kira some of his favorites: models in Paris, architecture from Russia, the natural beauty of the American west, and, most of all, his family and the friends he had met along the way. Each drawing held a different story, a different facet of Tristan. Kira could tell which aspect of his personality fit with each work of art, and it was more intimate than talking could have ever been.
Sometimes, Kira wished she could let Luke in on some of these private moments, when Tristan seemed more human and more vulnerable than ever. Maybe then he would understand, but ever since the night outside her front yard, Luke hadn’t even spoken of Tristan and Kira wouldn’t be the one to break the silence. In school, she stayed around Luke, eating with her friends and pairing up with him in class. If Luke caught her and Tristan swapping secret glances or talking quietly to one another, Kira would see his features harden and his eyes cloud over with frustration. She needed him as her best friend, so she would quickly pull away, only managing to pain Tristan in the process.
Luke continued to train her, teaching her precise control of her powers, like where to aim at a vampire to do the most damage or how to conserve her energy while still firing a deadly shot. She was excited to learn more about her heritage and about the conduit society.
But, all the while, in the back of Kira’s thoughts lurked dark imaginations about Diana and the plan she was concocting.
One night before falling asleep, Kira felt a lump under her bed. She reached down, confused, only to find the old, dusty book she had stolen from Luke but had completely forgotten about. Eager for more information than Luke was sharing, she turned on her reading light and settled into her cushy pillows.
For an entire week, during her free moments without either boy and in the absence schoolwork, Kira read nonstop. The first few chapters discussed the history of the conduit society, very similar to what Luke had already told her about the split between the Protectors and the Punishers, how the difference of opinions began and how a natural genetic mutation formed the two different powers and breeds. The anonymous author discussed different opinions on vampires, whether they had souls or not, and one conduit historian actually believed that those of the ancient society, when the Punishers and Protectors had been one breed like Kira, had special powers of healing and knew the secret to saving a vampire’s soul. Kira believed it, even though the other historians in the book discarded the theory, stating, like Luke, that no vampire in history had been saved.
Finally, Kira got to the fourth chapter, all about her kind, the mix that commonly meant chaos and destruction. She turned the page, excited to get cracking, but the chapter was gone. She skipped to the final chapter, about ancient prophecies, and those pages were missing too. The only pieces of evidence that those chapters existed at all were the fringed edges belonging to pages cut cleanly out with scissors or a knife.
Kira was furious; she wanted to know what this group of historians gathered under an anonymous title had to say. She felt, deep in her soul, that something had been revealed about her true calling—not for destruction, but for life. There was something in the prophecies that would help her. She knew it.
So, even though it was long past midnight, Kira crept down the stairs, through the dark living room of her house, and out the front door. She slid into her car and reversed, not turning her headlights on until she was already down the road and out of the line of sight from her house.
She slowed as she neared Luke’s home, suddenly regretting her rashness, hoping Luke was awake and that she wouldn’t be bothering him over nothing. It was just a book, and she was sure there were other copies available in mint condition. Kira stopped the car, turned off the lights and sat quietly, totally unsure of what she was doing there, until she noticed a figure walk up Luke’s front sidewalk and knock on the door. She was still down the street a little, too far away to be noticed, but also too far away to hear anything or really see anything. But when the porch light turned on and the front door opened, Kira recognized Tristan’s tall, muscular build and imagined the shock on Luke’s face.
When Tristan sauntered inside, and the door shut behind him, Kira imagined the shock that must have been displayed on her own face at that moment. What were the two of them possibly discussing? Kira thought, instantly intrigued.
She realized there was only one topic Luke would tolerate talking to Tristan about, and that was her safety. Something must have happened with Diana, who had been mysteriously absent for weeks, hidden in the shadows planning something to ruin the happiness Kira had managed to build.
Kira silently opened her door and traversed the lawn. She crept around the house toward a side window that looked into Luke’s living room. She let her sneakers sink in the muddy, unkempt garden while she lifted her head, just high enough that her eyes could see through the blinds. Kira thanked God for the cover of darkness, because she could see into Luke’s house perfectly, but it would be far more of a challenge for Luke or Tristan to notice her.
She spotted Tristan as he leaned against the wall with his hands in the pockets of his typical dark jeans. His eyes were darting around the room nervously. He straightened as Luke walked in, and Kira just had to laugh at Luke’s ensemble, which consisted of full on flannel pajama pants and an old Marvel comics t-shirt speckled with holes from overuse.
Luke sat on his couch, not offering Tristan a chair, and Kira felt the tension even through the glass window. They stared at each other, not speaking, until Tristan finally pulled a wooden chair from the dining table and sat opposite Luke.
Kira couldn’t make out any of their words, but could tell Tristan was frustrated by the way he kept running his hands through his hair and shaking his head. Luke responded in a similar fashion, concern covering his features as he nodded along to Tristan’s words, and then stood up to start pacing around the room as he sipped what Kira imagined was hot coffee.
Their movements became more animated as the conversation progressed, and at one point, Luke gripped the back of his couch with both hands and shouted what Kira assumed was a very bad four letter word in Tristan’s direction. He in turn stood up, pointed at himself, then outside, and then spread his arms wide like some sort of act of surrender. Luke started pointing aggressively at the door, jerking his whole body and Tristan moved like lightning, running from Luke’s house before Kira even had time to go inside and demand to know what was happening, something she had planned to do when the conversation seemed less heated.
Now it was too late, so she settled for talking to Luke alone, and she knocked on the window to get his attention, standing fully upright so he could see her. Kira watched as he noticed her, cursed, rolled his eyes, and headed for the door.
"Kira, you have unbelievable timing," he said when he opened the door.
She shrugged, smiled and said, "It’s one of my many charms."
He shook his head, led her inside and disappeared into the kitchen to make her some coffee too.
When Luke emerged, Kira got straight to the point. "So, what just happened? And don’t even try to pretend like it was normal to have Tristan come over to ‘hang out’." Kira made air quotations around the word, emphasizing how ridiculous of an explanation it would be.
"Relax, I was going to call you tonight as soon as he left, but you were already here." He sat down next to her on the couch and leaned all the way back, releasing a long exhale as his head came to a rest. Luke rubbed at his eyes and pressed the skin along his nose, letting another sigh escape. "Their plan is so obvious, I can’t believe I didn’t see it. Kira," he turned to look at her finally, with a pained expression, "it will be all my fault if something happens to you. I should have seen this. And I yelled at Tristan, but I’m really just angry with myself."
Kira reached for his hand, holding his warm fingers, trying to give some comfort. "Luke, what is it? What did Tristan say?" He tightened his grip.
"When we’re young, conduits are taught our one major weakness. It’s something out of our control, but we need to be aware of it, always, that’s one of the rules you do not forget, and I did."
"Luke, just tell me." Kira was dying from the not knowing. Finally, the fears she had pushed to the back of her mind during these few weeks of blissful oblivion were coming to the forefront. She didn’t want to see Diana ever again, didn’t want to face her, especially if Luke was this scared too.
"A total eclipse. That’s the only thing that can take our powers away, being in the eyes of a full eclipse makes the sun inaccessible and makes us vulnerable to a vampire’s attack. We lose all our strength. And Kira," he grabbed her shoulders, driving the point home, "the eclipse is today."
He let his hands drop away as Kira’s entire body slumped back against the couch. She felt as though all the life had been knocked out of her. Today? She thought, noting how time seemed to slip through her fingers like sand, when there had been buckets of it just moments ago.
"What do we do?" Her voice came out like a whisper, nearly silent and completely foreboding.
Luke abruptly stood up. "Let’s leave, right now. We’ll drive for a few hours—get out of the eye of the eclipse. Diana won’t be able to touch you." He grabbed her arm, trying to pull her along.
"No," Kira said, resisting. "Luke, think for a moment. I have a family, my parents, Chloe. They would be defenseless. I can’t abandon them." He sunk back down.
"You’re right."
"How much time do we have?" Kira asked. She assumed it was around three, maybe four, in the morning. The sun would rise in a few short hours.
"About eight or nine hours. It’s supposed to happen around midday, a pure total solar eclipse. They only last for about fifteen minutes, and we will only totally lose our powers for maybe five minutes, but that’s more than enough time for a vampire to kill you."
"So, how do we fight? Do we even have a chance to stand against Diana?"
Luke shook his head and bit his lip, hiding the sadness in his eyes. "I don’t know. Tristan didn’t know what her plan was—he just sensed her and the others in the area. He knew they were up to something and then we both realized the eclipse at the same time. It’s what they’ve been waiting for, why they’ve taken so long to move into action. And, Tristan has got to be part of their plan."
Kira grabbed her phone and dialed his number—straight to voicemail. She tried again, hoping it had been a mistake, but the same thing happened. "He’s not answering his phone. Do you think they took him? Are they hurting him?" Luke just shook his head. Neither one of them had any answers.
Kira let her eyes wander around the room, as though the answers were written on the wall somewhere, until her eyes came to rest on her handbag. The book, she realized, the whole reason why she came here. It seemed stupid now, learning about mystical prophecies as if some ancient conduits had all the answers, but Kira realized she didn’t know how much time she would have left to ask Luke about it. And, even when the end of her life seemed horribly near, she was curious about those damn missing pages.
"Luke?" He gave her his attention as she pulled the old book from her open purse. "It seems silly now, but I stole this and I wanted to give it back, and ask–"
"Ask about the missing pages? I actually thought you’d notice it sooner. You stole the book a while ago." He interrupted. She shrugged her eyebrows and half-smiled at him, hoping he wasn’t actually angry she took it. "They’re all missing."
"Huh?" Kira questioned, not understanding.
"The councils from each conduit society met one year and decided that knowledge was no longer useful, so they cut the pages from every copy of that book and burned them. I have no idea what it said. No one does, this happened a long time ago—two hundred years ago maybe."
"But why?"
"The rumor was that there had been uprisings, across both the Punisher and Protector societies, urging for a reunited race, and the councils overturned it. They believed the prophecies were egging people on and giving them false hopes. But, all of that is just hearsay now."
Instantly, Kira’s curiosity was further piqued. What did that book say about mixed breeds that would lead to a revolt? It must have been something huge, something that could change everything. Maybe it had been about her ability to heal humans and conduits, surely a power any vampire fighter would want to have. But the price, of potentially giving a vampire total immunity, was too dangerous.
"Kira?" Luke distracted her from those thoughts. "I need to call the council. They’ll know how to proceed. Why don’t you go home for a while? Have breakfast with your family?" Kira could read it in his eyes, even though Luke was trying so hard to hide his fear: he worried that this could be her last meal. Kira knew he wanted to run, that he didn’t care about her family as much as he cared about her, but when Kira thought of sweet, innocent Chloe, she knew there was no other option.
Kira hugged Luke, pulled him in tight enough to lose her breath in the process, and closed her eyes against the emotion threatening to brim over. There was no time left for tears.
Kira drove home quickly, ignoring stop signs and racing past the speed limit. Suddenly, being home was the most important thing in the world. She knew Luke wouldn’t sleep, that he would be working on a solution for all the time they had left. He was going to meet her at her house at eleven, an hour before the eclipse. Plenty of time to sit and wait and be terrified together. She hated pulling him into this. It was her fight with Diana. Luke had done nothing to deserve any part of the scorn, but she knew there was no way to stop him. He would never let her go down alone.
After she parked, Kira tried to slow her racing heart. Her parents couldn’t know anything was wrong. She wanted them to live in blissful oblivion. There is time, she kept thinking; time to work out a solution. The answer would come eventually. All she could hope now was that Tristan was working on a plan of his own and was trying to save her as well. Kira feared his plan was to confront Diana before she could confront Kira, but deep down Kira knew it wouldn’t work. Three to one odds were too large and Tristan had probably been caught already.
The sky was lightening when she finally went inside. Kira could only sit in the car and ruminate for so long. Being afraid was no way to spend the potentially last few hours of your life. So she went inside, straight to the kitchen. Cooking always calmed her, and Kira grabbed the pancake mix from the pantry, cracked open some eggs and let the serenity of concentrating on whisking distract her.
When her mother walked down the stairs, Kira had a feast ready. Stacks of fluffy pancakes, bowls of fresh whipped cream, candied berries of all kinds and freshly squeezed orange juice decorated the table. She had gone a little overboard, Kira knew it, but she was also extremely satisfied with the way everything turned out.
"Kira, my goodness. What are you even doing awake?"
"I just couldn’t sleep." Kira shrugged, feigning indifference, and pulled out a chair for her mom. Not a second later, thumps signaled her dad was descending into the kitchen too.
"Smells amazing honey. What’s the occasion?" Her father asked, sitting down next to her mother to dig into the food.
"Nothing, I just couldn’t sleep. Can’t a girl do something nice for her family once in a while?"
"Not on a school day. This is more of a Sunday morning thing for you," her dad said with a mouth already full of food. Kira assured him she was just in a good mood and happy for the amazing, even if adoptive, parents she had. They talked lightly while they ate, until Kira’s mother went to wake up Chloe. Within half an hour, Kira was hugging everyone goodbye, holding on for just a second too long, and assuring her parents that she was just going to quickly clean up and be on her way to school.
When the door closed, Kira raced back to the kitchen, splashed water on her face, and tried her best not to cry. She leaned over the sink, one hand on either side, looking out at her sunlit backyard, and decided to just let the tears come anyway. Once started, they were impossible to control. She moved slowly, picking up the dirty dishes, putting them in the dishwasher, finishing the orange juice and putting the leftovers in a Ziploc bag. The mundane tasks gave her something to concentrate on, but when they were done, she went up to her room and actually put her focus on what would happen.
Diana would come and would attack her. That was certain. That Kira would not be able to stop her for what might as well have been hours was another certainty. The only unknown was Tristan. Had Diana managed to turn him? Would he come looking for her blood or Diana’s?
Kira sighed and reached for the drawings of his she had kept hidden in her bookshelf. All were of her. She had a collection of these portraits now. Kira looked through them until she reached the one Tristan had crafted when he had been secretly watching her in Battery Park. She took note of the flowing skirt and tank top she had worn and searched for them in her closet. She opted for a long sleeve shirt instead, because even in South Carolina, December brought cool air.
On the drive home from Luke’s, Kira had tried to think of a game plan, and like a typical girl, the outfit was a huge part of that. Would she go hardcore like Buffy the vampire slayer in nineties cargo pants and a tank top, maybe with a bomber jacket? Would she play it innocent to make Diana think of her as helpless and maybe gain some small upper hand? Or, would she appeal to Tristan and the human parts of him she knew existed? He was her last hope. Unless Tristan could fight Diana, Kira knew she was doomed, so she decided to wear the same thing she had worn when they had shared their first kiss and when he had first decided to open up to her and to let her inside his secret world.
By the time Kira had finished brushing her hair and getting ready, Luke had arrived. He came dressed in jeans and a sweatshirt, deciding to down play the situation just like she had. Kira tried to change her morose mood, but when she saw his face and the worry lines creasing his forehead, she allowed herself to be sad.
"What did the council say?" Kira asked as she led Luke through her house and out to the back steps where they had decided to wait for Diana to make her move.
"They said we should run. Ordered it in fact, because of how dangerous your capture would be. I told them to go to hell."
Kira laughed. Luke always had been a charmer. "I bet they loved that."
"Actually, I hung up as they were screaming at me. Assuming we survive, we’ll definitely have some things to answer to."
"No point to live if not dangerously," Kira replied as she sat down to wait.
"When did that become your motto?"
"About the time I moved to Charleston," Kira let her tone become darkly humorous. Had she listened to Luke in the beginning, none of this would be happening. But, it still all seemed worth the risk. She knew Tristan would be trouble from the start, but she guessed with boys, you never really could know how much trouble until it was too late and you loved them enough not to care about the consequences.
"If you could take it all away, and go back to New York, would you?" Luke shifted his gaze from one of her eyes to the other, earnestly searching for the truth in her answer.
"No. I suppose I would have been a target no matter where I was. At least, down here in South Carolina, I had you."
"Have, you have me." He reached out his hand. Kira squeezed it, letting him know she loved his support, but then released him.
"I wish you would go and save yourself Luke. We don’t know what’s going to happen here, and I don’t want you to die for me. Please, just go."
"You know I won’t." He settled down, stretching his hands up towards the sky, acting brave and like he had no worries in the world.
And, just like that, there were no words left to say. Kira knew Luke loved her, and he knew she loved him too. She could beg him to leave and fall into hysterics, but it would be useless and mentally draining. So instead, the two of them sat in silence, watching the sun rise higher, waiting for it to disappear.



Chapter Fifteen

Before long, Kira heard a rustling in the trees. Luke did too and he sat up from the hammock, instantly alert. They moved as one person to the edge of her porch, four hands resting on the white painted banister, searching the woods at the back of her house for any movement.
Out of thin air, Diana appeared in the middle of her yard. She was dressed in a sequined, black party dress, one that reminded Kira of the pictures she’d seen of flappers in her history books. Her black hair was flowing freely in the breeze, and her skin seemed like a harsh marble, starkly white in the sunlight. Her sudden appearance struck Kira more like a magic trick than a natural movement. Kira had little experience with the special powers vampires possessed and Diana seemed faster than even the wind. She felt Luke’s muscles tense beside her. Diana was far quicker than they could hope to be, but Kira knew a lot of it was for show, to intimidate her and Luke before the real fight even began.
"My dearest little Kira, how are you on this fine winter’s morning?" The words rolled from Diana’s tongue. She knew she had complete control over the situation, and she lazily walked forward, trying to stir fear in Kira’s heart.
"Diana," Luke said tersely. Kira remained silent, not wanting to give Diana the satisfaction of a response.
"Well, what a welcome. I hardly think you’re even excited to see me."
"What gave us away?" Luke let the biting remark out evenly. Kira recognized his self-defensive sarcasm, and used it to give her strength. She would resist for as long as possible, just like Luke planned to do.
Kira let a small little flame rise on her palm, letting her power heal any weakness Luke and her carried, before firing it at lightning speed towards Diana’s face. It struck before Diana had time to move, and she was thrown backwards as if punched. Kira let herself have a moment of satisfaction. She and Luke knew some cool tricks, too.
Diana stood slowly, her hand to her cheek and malice in her eyes. Kira watched her battle to keep her emotions in check and Diana’s weakness became all too clear. She wanted to draw this out and make Kira suffer. So Kira wanted to make it as quick as possible. She fired another shot, a long stream of fire she knew in her bones was meant to kill. She heard Diana whimper in the onslaught and watched as Diana retreated back into the trees and out of Kira’s range.
"Bitch!" Diana yelled from the forest. "Do you have a death wish? I’m here to kill you, you know. Do you really want to egg me on?"
"I think I’m the one who almost killed you, Diana. Care to come out for another go?" Kira found her voice and her defiance. She was ready to fight, eager for it almost.
"I hope you don’t think your boyfriend is going to save you, little Kira." Diana rushed out again, her calm demeanor returned but her hair clearly worse for the wear. The imperfection gave Kira a jolt of pleasure.
"I can handle myself, thanks."
"And what about when you can’t spit that little flame of yours and chase me away? What then?" Kira shrugged, playing it cool, but was actually wondering the same thing herself.
As if on command, Jerome and John walked out of the forest slowly, with Tristan chained between them. Kira gasped. She couldn’t help herself.
Tristan was shirtless and covered in blood. The streaks started at various points of his chest and arms, flowing from wounds that had since closed up because of his quick healing. Kira knew only another vampire’s nails or teeth could have caused that damage. Jerome and John had broken his arms, the same way they had in the auditorium so long ago, and Kira knew they had only been able to catch him with those cheap tricks. They had twisted Tristan’s limbs free of their sockets, tying his forearms to the stick they were using to carry him forward. His feet were chained too, but Kira could see that he tried to put some weight on them and not let them drag along the ground. He was trying to be strong, even though his face was the only thing not trapped in constraints.
Kira wanted to rush to Tristan when his eyes met hers. They were full of pain, both physical and emotional, and Kira knew he was killing himself over his failure. He had been her last hope and even now Kira felt the fight leave her a little bit. Diana saw the opening.
"What? Did you think he would come in and save the day? I told you already, you stupid girl, he is going to kill you and he is going to like it. Isn’t that the promise I made?" Diana walked in front of Tristan and held his chin in her hand, forcing him to look at her. With her other hand, she slapped him across the cheek and Kira heard the crunch of his neck breaking and saw his limbs go fully limp. Jerome and John didn’t even flinch. Tristan groaned, trying hard to clench his lips together to keep a scream from escaping. Even vampires could feel pain, especially at the brutality of their own kind.
A minute later, his neck snapped back in line. Diana leaned back for another slap.
"No!" Kira yelled. Diana stopped her hand, just barely. More than anything, Kira wanted to throw her fire like a huge blanket, smoldering them, but it was too risky with Tristan so weak and close to the others.
"How sweet. A lover’s plea." Diana clapped like a little child playing with her favorite toy. Everything was working out just as she had planned.
And, as if on cue, Kira noticed the sky darken just one shade, but it was enough. All six of them looked up, despite the blinding light, to take note of that small sliver of black piercing the sun's surface. There wasn’t much time before her powers would be useless. Five minutes, maybe. Kira started forward, but Luke grabbed her hand, stopping her.
"You can’t save him now. We have to get out of here," he whispered.
"Yes, run. It’s so much more exciting that way." Diana responded, hearing Luke’s request and playing off of his fears. Kira looked up again; already more of the sun had been covered. She needed to use the time she had.
With all the control Kira could gather, she shot flames at Diana, John and Jerome, and amazingly pushed them back. Jerome and John dropped Tristan in their shock, and Kira broke free of Luke to run to Tristan’s side. He managed to get onto his knees and she sunk down to her own, all the while keeping her arm outreached, creating a wall of flames behind the two of them—one that was weakening with each passing second.
"I can’t hold it for long. Undo the chains, now Tristan!" She cradled his face with her free hand, trying to split her attention.
"It’s no use. I can’t. I’ve been trying. You have to run Kira, now, before Diana has the chance to grab you. Go to your car and just start driving as far away as possible."
Kira shook her head. Tristan opened his mouth to argue, but she covered it with a kiss. Kira broke it off when she felt her power weaken further and pulled Tristan into a hug instead, looking past his shoulder at the three cowering vampires waiting for her shield to fall so they could pounce. Kira shifted her gaze to the sky, where the sun was now more than half-covered by the black hole of the moon. The earth was being seeped in shadow, and even her light was dimming in the process. Slowly, like a ticking time bomb, the power seeped from her, until finally it winked out and Kira knew the total eclipse had come.
"I love you," was all Kira had time whisper before hands grabbed her shoulders, throwing her like a rag doll away from Tristan. She landed, hearing the crunch of her ankle as a fierce shot of pain traveled up her spine, and let out a scream. Kira was satisfied that she at least had a moment with Tristan, a small sliver of time to say goodbye and to tell him she loved him. It was the first time those words had passed her lips and Diana could never take that away.
"Kira, Kira Kira," Diana purred and stomped her foot down on Kira’s chest, holding her to the ground and crushing her. "You should have listened to them both, because now it’s too late to escape." Luke ran over, jumped at Diana and reach out his hands to strangle her, but Diana backhanded him like a fly and he sailed backwards, smacking into the porch and landing on the ground with a thud. He didn’t stir from the spot where he landed, and Kira screamed. She stared transfixed at his immobile body, flailing her limbs like a mad woman to try and escape Diana’s foot. Luke was dying, she was sure of it. She needed to hold him, to help him somehow.
Kira used all her strength, but she couldn’t budge Diana’s foot. It was useless, and instead of helping Luke, she was just hurting herself. Kira prayed, for what seemed like her first true prayer in ages, that Luke was alive—knocked unconscious, but alive.
Diana seemed to sense Kira’s fading hope, because she reached down for a fistful of Kira’s hair, and used it to drag her across the yard, dropping her in front of Tristan. Kira refused to make a sound even though it felt as though her head were ripping free of her body. The pain was excruciating, but even still, she wouldn’t let Diana win.
Jerome and John were holding Tristan again, but this time Jerome’s hand was clenched over Tristan’s mouth to stop him from uttering a word.
"Time’s up, Kira." And before Kira could move, Diana’s teeth sank into Kira’s neck, at the precise spot where it met her shoulder, and her blood flowed freely into the vampire’s system. She heard the gurgling of her own blood, felt the warm liquid seep down her spine where droplets spilled free of Diana’s lips. She heard Tristan struggle and scream protests even through Jerome’s hand, but Diana wouldn’t stop.
"Enough." Jerome’s deep voice startled Kira from the pain and the weakness spreading through her body from blood loss. Diana’s head jerked up, freeing Kira. "The time for games is done. We must use her to fix Tristan."
Fix him? Kira thought. He doesn’t want to be evil, she wanted to scream at them, but she couldn’t find the strength to speak. Her limbs felt like butter, they wouldn’t do as she commanded, and Diana held her still.
John pulled a glass cup from his pocket and Diana took it. Kira barely registered the cool touch against her skin, but when they pulled the cup away a minute later, it was full to the brim with her blood. Jerome reached his hand down, soaking one of his fingers, and licked it clean with a flash of pleasure. Kira’s only hope was that they would lose control, that one of them would end her quickly before they had a chance to change Tristan. If all hope was lost for her, she hoped at least he could be spared.
But as quickly as that thought came, it passed, because John took the cup, jerked Tristan’s head back by his forehead and let her blood flow freely into his forcibly opened mouth. Kira saw him struggle, shaking his limbs against the chains, trying desperately to escape, and she wondered if he could fight the pull of her blood. Maybe all this time, Diana had been right: Kira would be Tristan’s undoing.
His body started to slump as the glass emptied. Jerome refilled it, passing it back to John, and Tristan didn’t move while it was poured in this time. When the third cup was filled, Tristan strained his head up, arching to get all of Kira’s blood, swallowing it willingly, and even in her weakened state, Kira knew a change had occurred.
Diana let Kira fall to the ground and walked over to Tristan’s side. They undid his chains and he stood quickly, faster than Kira’s eye could process it. Her blood had strengthened his body. He stretched his arms over his head, the muscles of his stomach flexing with the movement, and he cracked his neck bones before leaning forward to look at Kira.
All the fight left Kira’s body the moment their eyes met. Tristan was gone. A sob escaped her lips and tears dropped quickly from her eyes the longer she stared into his eyes, which had become as hard as stone and colder than ice. She had never seen him look at her that way, like less than food, like vermin, even since the first time they had met. His pupils had dilated, so the blue of his irises were almost paper thin. His fangs were extended, blood dripped from his lips and he licked it away, smiling the entire time. He hugged Diana to his chest, gave her a deep kiss, bit her and then shoved her away, chuckling at her hurt expression. Quick as a bullet, he ripped Jerome’s t-shirt free of his body and used the rag to wipe the blood from his chest.
Then, as an afterthought, Tristan leaned over Kira, licking her open wound. With her blood fresh on his lips, he said, "Aren’t you going to run?"
Kira found the strength to back up. Diana she could handle, Jerome and John she could handle, but this Tristan was more than she could stand. How had her blood changed him so much? He was more than animal. He was evil and she was the reason he had changed. Kira stood, swaying on her woozy feet, trying not to feel stabbing pains in her heart as he laughed at her struggles.
"Tristan?" She asked meekly, reaching her hand out as if she could recover some trace of the man she had lost.
"Yes, honey," Tristan smiled, blood staining his white teeth, and the word honey felt like a slap in Kira’s face.
The sky confirmed what she felt in her bones, the eclipse was still complete. There would be no refuge in her power. With one last look at Tristan, one final gaze to see if he was acting, one final search of the lines of his face for some sign, Kira turned and ran away from the sound of the man she loved laughing in the face of her death.
"I’ll give you a head start, little Kira," Tristan called. She winced as he used the name Diana had condescendingly called her, but charged on into the woods beyond her neighbor’s backyard, into the darkness where the eclipse had stolen every hint of light that ever previously existed.
Kira limped on the ankle she was sure she had broken because, with each step, a knife seemed to pierce her leg. She was dizzy from the blood loss and her vision was receding, warping into a tunnel, letting her see only the leaves directly in front of her. Kira tripped on tree roots and leaned against giant trunks to stabilize herself, and she caught her breath for a moment before pounding forward again. Self-preservation was all Kira thought about. Her instincts had taken over because her thoughts had become too much to handle, and all she could do was concentrate on running as far as she possibly could.
And then she heard the cackling: a shrieking, high-pitched noise, right behind her. A finger, one she knew must have belonged to Diana, poked her back, sending her flying forwards, and Kira kept running. A hand gently caressed her cheek, another slapped at her arm, another pulled on her hair and Kira knew there was no escape. She felt like millions of ghosts were pawing at her, invisible but tangible, and Kira just stopped, tired of all the games, ready to see if this Tristan was so changed that he was willing to kill her.
"I’m done," Kira said to the empty clearing she stood in the middle of, knowing all four of them were close enough to hear. To keep herself going, she had to think of Tristan as a thing. Not as the human she knew, but as the vampire she needed to kill.
"That’s no fun," Diana pouted and emerged from the shadows.
A hand clenched down on Kira’s shoulder and spun her around. She stared directly in Tristan’s face. He let his fangs pop out and leaned down to her neck to finish the job. Kira pounded her fists against his chest, trying in vain to hurt him, but he stilled her easily.
Kira waited to feel his teeth puncture her skin and drain the life from her. She knew that the real Tristan would never go through with it and hoped he was in there somewhere, fighting the bloodlust her cells had created within him.
Her body involuntarily jerked when instead of teeth, she felt his cheek swipe gently against hers and heard him breathe in the smell of her hair, the way he loved to do when they were lying side by side in her bed and he thought she was asleep. Kira bit her lip to keep from smiling. If this was a trick, it was the cruelest one of all, because before she even realized it, Kira let herself believe Tristan had been fooling them all the entire time.
When his lips brushed against the sensitive skin just below her ear and she heard him say, "I love you, too." Kira allowed herself to smile.
A moment later, Tristan pushed her to the side to punch the now charging Diana in the face.
Kira’s legs collapsed and she sunk down to the ground, all her strength gone. For the next minute, all Kira could do was watch as Tristan, rejuvenated and fortified by her blood, threw three vampires around like rag dolls. They all ignored Kira, too caught up in their anger at Tristan tricking them. Thunder sounded every time one of their bodies flew into a tree trunk, snapping the bark and causing the forest to wobble on its foundations.
Kira looked up, past the tallest branch, through the swaying leaves, at the sun. An ebony circle covered the suns surface, but a halo of light stretched past the shadow, fighting to touch back down to earth. After the excruciating wait, the few minutes of total eclipse had passed. Kira felt more than saw the moon move a fraction to the side. No visible change had occurred, but with Kira’s connection to the sun, everything had altered within her.
With her hands behind her back, Kira brought a flame to life and let her power heal her. She felt the electric current go through her veins, multiplying her blood cells, closing the cuts that streaked across her skin from the branches she had struck while fleeing, reconnecting the bones that had shattered in her ankle, and, most of all, Kira felt the two little puncture holes at her neck seal shut without a scar.
She jumped up, bringing her hands forward and shooting fire at John, who had failed to taste her blood. He would not be immune in the slightest, and quickly, Kira let the stream arch up in the sky and circle down, encasing him from above. For John, there was nowhere to run. Kira stopped paying attention to Tristan’s fight, letting John have her full attention. She still lacked the control over using her protective powers versus killing powers, and before Kira knew it, John had collapsed into a pile of flaming ash.
Kira looked at the sky. There was no evidence of an eclipse anymore. As usual, she had lost track of time when using her powers and she assumed Tristan had kept them away from her. When she turned, Tristan and Diana had hold of each other’s necks and were squeezing, racing to see who would be decapitated first.
Kira started forward to help Tristan, but tripped over the body she hadn’t noticed at her feet. Jerome lay still with a gaping hole in his chest, next to the crushed remains of his heart. Kira stifled a scream and jumped over him to escape the gruesome sight.
Diana squeezed free of Tristan, realizing he would have killed her first, and Kira used the open opportunity to shoot a blaze right at Diana’s heart, crushing her against a tree, not letting her escape. Kira wasn’t sure if enough time had passed. She feared that Diana’s immunity hadn’t waned, but Kira’s emotions put extra force behind the punch, and Diana had nowhere left to run. The fight was over, but Kira was not playing nice this time. Diana was evil, pure and simple, and evil needed to be destroyed. Kira stepped closer, slowly, until her palm laid flat against Diana’s chest, killing her all the faster.
"You don’t want to kill me, Kira," Diana forced the words out, struggling to make a sound.
"Why not? You tried to kill me. You tried to turn my boyfriend against me. You might have killed my best friend. Give me one good reason." Kira leaned in with each word, staring into Diana’s clear blue eyes, letting her meaning sink in.
"Your mother is alive and I know where she is."
Kira jumped back, too shocked to maintain her control, and in that split second, Diana disappeared.
"No!" Kira screamed, trying to run after her. Tristan grabbed her around the waist, picking her up off the ground.
"It’s useless. Don’t hurt yourself. Diana has the gift of speed, even I couldn’t catch her."
"But, my mother?" Kira let Tristan hug her close to him, as she started to cry at this new lost possibility. Kira had given up on her parents ever since she learned of their existence, but now she felt the loss all over again. She imagined the woman of her vision, with long golden hair that almost sparkled in the sun, and she wanted nothing more than to know her. She still wore the locket and ring around her neck, and even now its weight seemed heavier, seemed to weigh her down, until she broke free of Tristan’s hold and reached into her shirt to bring it out. She opened the picture, the sole image of her real family, and felt like she had been punched in the gut. That was the most horrendous trick Diana had played, because now Kira would never stop wondering.
"Come on," Tristan lifted Kira up as if she weighed nothing, and started walking through the trees back towards her house.
"Tristan?" She asked, trying to push thoughts of her mother to the back of her mind. He looked down at her, waiting for the question she had prompted. Hoping it wouldn’t hurt him, she said, "That was all an act, right?"
He stopped walking, set her down and cupped her face in both of his hands. Staring into her eyes, he said, "I swear it was. I hated every second of it, I promise. Never, ever doubt that. For thirty years, I did evil things under Aldrich’s control. All I did there was show you a part of my past that I never wanted to let resurface." Tristan wiped her cheeks clean of the salty tears she had let streak down and kissed her softly. "I love you. If I had lost you, I don’t know what I would have done."
"I love you, too." Kira reached her arms up around his neck as he picked her up again. They both knew she could walk, but it was much more comfortable this way, she thought as she played with the short hairs at the base of his neck.
When they emerged from the forest into the freshly cut but now blood covered grass of her backyard, Kira told Tristan to let her go. She surveyed the damage, wondering how she would clean it up, when she noticed the body, Luke’s body, slumped under the porch where he had fallen from Diana’s throw. She screamed and threw her hands up to cover the sound as it escaped her mouth.
Instantly, Kira darted forward, dropping to her knees beside him, leaning her ear down to listen for a heart beat.
"Tristan, on my God, Tristan! Is he dead? I can’t hear his heart. I can’t hear his heart." Kira was yelling, but she couldn’t stop. Tristan forcibly moved her to the side, leaning down, listening.
"I forgot about him," Kira said, hardly understanding herself. How had she forgotten about Luke? Her guardian, her best friend, her protector for all of these months? Kira couldn’t breathe. She tried to suck in breath, but she was hyperventilating from the shock. His eyes were closed, and the normal healthy tanned glow of his skin had been replaced by the ash gray now covering his body. She cradled his face in her hands. His body felt warm, but cool compared to the normal heat of a conduit’s skin. She pushed open one of his eyelids, but his pupil had rolled back into his skull.
"Tristan!" She yelled again, and he sat up, shaking his head.
"He’s not dead yet, but Kira, it’ll happen any moment. His heart stopped. I don’t know for how long."
"No!" Kira wailed, and then repeated the word over and over again, cradling Luke in her arms. He couldn’t be dead. It wasn’t possible.
Kira thought of how he jumped on Diana, risking everything to try and help her. She wasn’t worth it, she realized, and she hugged him to her, letting tears fall freely.
Without even meaning to, her whole body began to glow, not just her hands, and Kira had encased herself and Luke in her power. Tristan was catapulted away, thrown onto the other side of the yard and Kira kept her eyes closed, chanting, "No, no, no, no," as if it were a prayer.
Her power seeped out. Kira felt it leave her and melt into Luke’s body. She was draining everything she had into his corpse, her very own life force.
"Kira!" She heard Tristan shout, distantly. "Kira! You’re killing yourself. Stop!"
She felt hands grab at her, but she resisted, not allowing anything to move her from Luke. She kept her eyes closed, swaying back and forth, using all of the power she possessed.
Time passed without her realizing and before Kira even had the chance to let her power go, she was long gone. Her body fell back, and hit the ground next to Luke’s—burned out, limp and lifeless.



Epilogue

Kira’s eyes fluttered open, stinging from the unfamiliar sensation of light, and everything was blurry. Slowly, the blobs of color sharpened, becoming more defined, and Kira recognized her mother’s face. Her lips were moving. Kira tried to force her ears to register the sound. She felt as though she was underwater, that a barrier was catching the sound waves, until it finally broke.
"Kira, oh Kira, my baby," her mother was crying, holding her by the shoulder and searching for recognition in Kira’s eyes.
"Mom? What happened? Where am I?" Kira looked around at the sterile walls, the get well balloons in the corner, the beeping and blinking machines with tubes sticking into her arms, at her own hospital gown, and started to remember. She sat upright. "Where’s Luke? Is he all right? And Tristan?"
"Calm down, honey. Everything is fine." Her mother hugged Kira close and ran her fingers through Kira’s curly and probably knotty hair.
Images from that afternoon were flashing through Kira’s brain at a mile a minute: Luke running at Diana, Tristan drinking her blood, Diana laughing in her face, Jerome’s body mutilated on the ground, John burning to ash, Tristan whispering he loved her and Luke’s crumpled body on the ground.
It was all too much, she felt dizzy and leaned back against the pillows while her mother called in the doctors and sent for her father and sister. The rest of the her morning and afternoon was spent being pushed from room to room in a wheelchair and performing different tasks or enduring different procedures to make sure her neural functioning was completely normal. Chloe sat on her lap, enjoying the ride and making fun of the silly outfits and robes the doctors were wearing. When the procedures were finished, Kira forced her family to leave her side to go eat dinner, not allowing them to settle for hospital food. She asked them to bring back leftovers and let a nurse take over her care.
When the nurse finally rolled Kira back to her room, she had a visitor waiting: Tristan. Kira tried to stand to hug him, but he ran to her side almost before she had the chance to move. His arms encircled her, pulling her up to a standing position. His lips kissed her neck sweetly while he smelled her hair. She felt his mouth widen into a smile and she leaned back, staring into his soulful blue eyes that were searching hers for recognition and love. Kira grabbed his face, pulling him in for a kiss.
The nurse left in a hurry, with a little cough and an "excuse me," making Kira laugh against Tristan’s lips. She let her fingers sift through his silky black hair and pressed their foreheads together, sitting in the most comfortable silence she had ever experienced. They loved each other and it was obvious even without words.
"Sorry to break up the moment—"
"Luke!" Kira had turned around, reaching her arms out for a hug before he had the chance to finish. He hugged her around the waist, lifting her up off the ground before setting her down and helping her back onto her hospital bed. Tristan sat down beside her, grabbing her left hand, and Luke leaned on the mattress to her right.
Kira looked from one boy to the other: her two loves—one friendly and one romantic, but both meaning the world to her.
"So…what happened?" Kira looked over at Luke. "The last thing I remember is trying to heal you. I thought you’d died." She had to grin now, happy beyond belief that he was all right.
"You healed me, maybe even brought me back to life. But, you almost killed yourself," he looked down at her with concern clouding his features, "and when I sat up, Tristan was leaning over you, shouting your name, but you weren’t responding. We rushed you to the hospital and you’ve been in a coma ever since."
"How long?" Kira looked from one boy to the other.
"About three months," Tristan said and squeezed her hand in comfort. Kira let her body slacken in the cushions as she thought about that. It felt like she had been asleep for a while, like taking a really long nap, but three months? That was a long time.
"Are you guys friends yet?" She questioned, hoping three months of worrying about her might have done the trick. Luke and Tristan stared across her bed, sizing one another up, and finally Tristan replied, turning to Kira.
"I think we’ve come to an understanding."
Kira smiled. It was something. She asked about everything she had missed, about Emma and the boys, about school in general, and about her family. Tristan and Luke told her stories, all three of them smiling and laughing together, and Kira felt a warm glow start inside of her, not from power, but from pure happiness.
After a while, a doctor told them visiting hours were almost over for non-family members, and Kira knew her own family would be back from dinner soon.
"Before I go," Luke said, poking his head through the door he had just vacated, "I just wanted to let you know the council semi-forgave us, but they want you to go to visit Sonnyville with me…immediately. Okay, bye." Luke jumped out before Kira could ever mutter a protest. Coward, she thought. He knew she had no interest in the council, but she guessed seeing the conduit society could be interesting.
"What do you think?" She asked Tristan, liking how he rubbed her palm with his thumb while they held hands.
"It’s probably inevitable," he sighed. If she went to the conduit society, he would not be able to see her or visit her for a while.
"Well, there’s still plenty of time to figure it out." Kira pulled on his arm so he would lie down next to her. Seeing Luke had been great, but having some intimate moments with Tristan out of Luke’s watchful eye was amazing. Tristan let his fingers trail down her arm, dancing light circles on her soft skin, tickling her a little. Kira hugged her arm around his waist, turning to mold her body to his and resting her head on his chest to listen to the gentle thud of his heart.
Her thoughts shifted back to the fight. Kira couldn’t forget what Diana had taunted, that her real mother might still be alive. And she didn’t want to imagine what sort of hell she had been living in all these years, probably trapped in a dungeon, the feeding toy of an evil vampire. Kira silently vowed to hunt Diana down and get the truth. She would find her mother and she would free her mother, no matter how many vampires she had to kill along the way to do it.
As if sensing her dark thoughts, Tristan started to hum a tune quietly in her ear. Kira recognized the jazz song. He had made her listen to it in the car one time, promising Kira she would fall in love with the sounds. She didn’t love the song, but she loved Tristan and she loved the sound of his voice, a deep tenor that reminded her of rolling waves. Kira let her body relax and drift off into a deep sleep, content to push all thoughts of the future aside for the moment to lie safely in the arms of her lover.

##
Visit Kaitlyn's Facebook page for three exclusive scenes written from both Luke and Tristan's perspectives!!

Facebook.com/KaitlynDavisBooks

And don't forget to keep reading for a free preview of SIMMER—Out Now!


(Cover art created by Kaitlyn Davis from Flickr Creative Commons Attribution Licensed Images by Andrew Kuznetsov and Leland Francisco)


Chapter One

"I hate packing," Kira whined and collapsed onto the heap of clothes piled high on her bed. She did not want to move another muscle.
"Just pick out some outfits," Tristan chuckled, not looking up from the pad of paper he was scribbling on.
Kira arched her head, glancing in his direction. He sat with one leg outstretched and one knee bent, leaning against her headboard in relaxed concentration. With squinted eyes, he focused on rubbing in the graphite pencil marks he had just made with his already blackened fingers. If she wasn't so tired, Kira would have crawled a little closer to see what he was drawing, but instead she dropped her head with a sigh.
"Easy for you to say. You just have to sit on my bed looking all artistic and mysterious while I run around like a crazy person trying to get ready for two months at conduit boot camp."
"Then my plan is working perfectly," he smirked and finally put the sketchbook down. Kira peeked over at the pages, wondering what image of her he was crafting, but saw the last thing she ever expected: a self-portrait. Fighting her exhaustion, Kira jumped up in curiosity.
"What are you doing?" She spun the image to look at it closer, noting the strong cheekbones and crystal eyes he had drawn perfectly. The hairs that always threatened to fall over his eyes seemed just ready to spill and Kira saw the faint outline of her own features. She realized he had been sketching both of them.
"Just something for you to take to Sonnyville, to carry around and show everyone, especially any guys ages eighteen to twenty-two..."
Kira rolled her eyes. "You know I don't date men who are younger than a hundred. I can't stand the immaturity level."
Tristan grabbed her hand and pulled her against his chest, making her giggle. With her arms wrapped around his waist, she let her breath slow to the pace of his heartbeat. Tristan's strong arms encircled her, hugging her as tightly against his body as he could, and he sighed.
"I'm going to miss you," he whispered and Kira's mouth widened into a smile. She rested her chin on his chest so she could look into his face, taking in each hair on his head and memorizing the features she already knew better than her own.
"I'm going to miss you, too." She leaned up and kissed him quickly, her thoughts already wandering to what lay ahead.
A few months had passed since Kira had woken up from the coma. Luke had convinced the Council to let her recuperate before forcing her to go to Sonnyville, and they all agreed that the day after graduation would be, what Kira liked to call, doomsday. Just this morning, she and her friends had all donned their robes and received their diplomas. And before she knew it, time had all but slipped away. But more than anything Kira dreaded saying goodbye to Tristan. Luke had promised to sneak him into Sonnyville at least once, but Kira wasn't sure if it would even be a good idea to bring Tristan around so many conduits. Tomorrow morning they would have to say goodbye, and even though Kira knew it wasn't goodbye forever, two months was starting to seem like an impossibly long time apart.
"It's going to be fine," Tristan said and kissed her forehead. "And you'll be safe there, which is the most important thing."
"I know. I just wish it wasn't for so long. Do you think you'll be able to find Diana soon?" Kira questioned, bringing up the topic they had skirted around for the past few weeks. Tristan knew Diana was still a threat. She had come back to Charleston multiple times while Kira had still been in a coma. She managed to evade Tristan, but he still sensed her presence and both of them knew that she was planning something. But neither Kira nor Tristan had known what, until about a week ago when a pack of vampires came to Charleston after hearing a rumor that a mixed breed conduit was alive and in the neighborhood. Tristan had managed to persuade them, forcefully, to leave but more would come. The safest place for Kira was with the conduits, not with her vampire boyfriend, especially since Tristan would be off hunting Diana down while Kira was away.
"I know where to look. She can only run for so long." Tristan tried to reassure Kira. He ran his hand along her arm in a soothing motion. Kira relaxed into his touch.
"And you'll find out about my mother?"
"I'll try," Tristan said, but he wouldn't look her in the eye. They had had this conversation before, with Luke too, and Kira was the only one with hope that her mother was still alive. Luke and Tristan agreed that Diana had used it as a dirty trick to shock Kira, giving her the chance to escape, but Kira felt something deep inside, a gut instinct urging her to believe that her mother was living and breathing somewhere on this earth.
Kira opened her mouth to say so, but decided against it. She was too comfortable resting in his arms to bother fighting and the last thing Kira wanted was to argue with Tristan on their last night together. Instead, she inched up his chest, noting the glint in his eye and leaned in for a kiss.
He slid his hand up her back to cup the base of her neck, pulling her face into his and letting her know he was thinking the same thing. After a teasing moment of stillness, Kira leaned the extra centimeter forward and their lips met.
Instantly her pulse quickened and her heart began to race as she lost herself in the sensation. The butterflies flying in her stomach seemed specifically tuned to Tristan, appearing every time he touched her. A warm feeling spread from her fingers to her toes, creating a titillating contrast as his cool fingers brushed over her skin.
With heavy breaths, Tristan grabbed her around the waist, easily flipping her over and pressing her body down into the soft bed as he took charge. A familiar twinge of excitement ran up Kira's spine, but she felt something else too, almost like a hint of anger stirring distantly in her mind. And then she heard a cough in the doorway.
"Sorry to interrupt," Luke said with a smile on his face and a steely look aimed at Tristan. Kira sighed and pulled back, trying to scoot out from underneath Tristan. For his part, Kira noted wryly, Tristan made no move to help her escape and instead let his weight hold her down. After a few seconds, which seemed like a few hours, Kira freed herself from Tristan's arms.
"Hi Luke," she smiled and sat up, trying to fix her hair. Yes, she was happy to see her friend, but who wouldn't be slightly annoyed at the interruption and very annoyed at his obviously smug face? Yup, Kira mused, the coma hadn't really changed a thing. Their mutual fear for her health had allowed Luke and Tristan to stand in the same room once in a while, but they were a long way away from friendship.
"Clearly, you're almost ready to go. Now, if we could just find a way to teleport your room to Sonnyville..." He surveyed the empty suitcases and piles of clothes all over the floor. Kira threw a small pillow at him for the sarcastic remark, and he jumped out of its path, holding his hands up in surrender.
"Alright, alright, but in all honesty...what the heck happened in here? It looks slightly like the Tasmanian devil tore this place apart."
Kira shrugged. "This is just how I pack."
"So, there's a method to the madness?"
"No, trust me," Tristan spoke up and turned over to lean against Kira's pillows. Traitor, she thought, your hair is still rumpled from our make-out session and you're siding with Luke.
"So, it's a little messy. I'll be ready by tomorrow, don't worry."
Luke copiously surveyed the room again with eyes wide in doubt. "It's not like your going to see the Queen—"
"There's a conduit queen?" Kira interrupted, ready to freak out.
"No, the Queen of England... Did you hit your head again?" Luke questioned, barely able to contain his laughter.
"No," Kira huffed and picked up the closest thing she could find, which happened to be a dress. She looked at it and debated if she would need sundresses in Sonnyville. It wasn't like she would be trying to land a date; she was going there to learn how to fight. Kira cocked her head to the side, going back and forth between the options.
"What's the big deal? Just put it in your suitcase," Luke said, exasperated.
"That's what I said," Tristan chimed in again and Kira dropped her hands to her side giving him a stern look. It seemed they had no trouble ganging up against her, but when she wanted everyone to get along they were enemies again. I mean really, Kira thought, this is absurd.
A beep sounded from the street and Kira threw the dress back onto the floor, excited for the escape. Their whole gang was going out together, one last hurrah before Luke and Kira left, which meant she could put off packing for a few more blissful hours.
"Time to go!" Kira chirped and raced from the room, not waiting for either of the boys. Her parents were gone for the night, at a preschool summer event for her little sister Chloe, so she walked right out the door and into Emma's car. Luke appeared a minute later and hopped into the backseat.
Kira suspected that Tristan had already slipped away. Her friends liked him, but the tension with Luke was always obvious, and Kira and Tristan had both decided it was not worth the battle, at least not on her last night in Charleston.
"So, where to?" Kira looked around, eyeing her friends. As per usual, Emma drove and Kira sat in the front seat, while the boys piled in the back. She took in Emma's short jean skirt and professionally applied make-up, and looked back at the boys again, seeing that Miles had replaced his usual comic book t-shirt for a button down. It seemed as though everyone had gone fancy for their last night.
It suddenly dawned on Kira how strange it was that this would be the last time the five of them could hang out, at least for while. They were sort of her family, especially after helping with her recovery. But, with Miles going to Harvard, Emma and Dave both going to Texas, and her and Luke "taking a year off," things would definitely be changing. Kira wasn't sure what she thought about it yet, but decided to just try to enjoy this night. She needed to have fun, because even though Luke hadn't said so, Sonnyville would be far more work than pleasure.
"Well," Emma began and Kira knew there was a saga of a story about to begin. "I wanted to go out to a fancy dinner and the boys wanted to play video games. So we decided that we needed to meet in the middle. You know, not go too fancy but still have fun. So, we thought about it and thought about it—"
"We're going to my place," Miles voiced up, knowing Emma could have easily talked for another ten minutes without reaching the point. She shot daggers at him through the rearview mirror.
"So, yes, we're going to Miles' house. His parents had to leave right after graduation, so we'll have the place to ourselves. And, not that we really need to, but we thought about it and—"
"Now we can throw that rager we've always wanted to!" Luke cheered. Kira rolled her eyes when she heard the slap of a high-five. Dave and Luke were clearly excited by the idea. Kira, not so much.
"Wait, you threw a party?" She turned to look at the three boys in the back seat, each with a goofy smile plastered on his face. She had been hoping they would have some time just the five of them, not a crazy high school party.
"Not my idea," Emma threw an apologetic look in Kira's direction.
"C'mon. It'll be awesome. We'll be leaving with a bang," Luke said. His hand landed on Kira's shoulder and he shook her a little, trying, she assumed, to shake her into the idea.
"So, where's Tristan?" Emma asked, clearly trying to change the topic. Kira knew Emma was on her side. She could already envision the two of them chatting by the punch bowl, watching Luke and Dave try to convince Miles to talk to some girl, knowing that it would fail miserably. Kira hoped he would have better luck at Harvard; a fellow nerd would really love him, much more than the cheerleaders or Goths that Luke and Dave antagonized him into asking out.
"I didn't realize we were having a party, so I told him to go home for a while. He has some packing to do. You know he leaves for his backpacking trip around Europe tomorrow..." Kira said, ending with the cover story she, Luke, and Tristan had all decided on — Tristan was spending the summer in Europe, while, totally randomly, Kira got a job at a restaurant in Orlando and Luke was working at Disney World.
"Don't worry, I told him before we left. He's going to stop by, I think," Luke said quietly from the back seat.
Kira turned around, shocked, and heard Dave mutter "dude" under his breath.
"What, what? I'm a nice guy," Luke said and shrugged. Kira turned back around in her seat, stunned. It was no secret that Luke hated Tristan; it meant a lot to her that he made the gesture. Maybe, she thought ruefully, he was only being nice because he knew she would be with him and not Tristan for the next two months.
By the time Emma pulled over outside of Miles' house, the party was already in full swing. His house had been closed off, but his family owned an old plantation, so their backyard was gigantic. With one look at the parked cars on his yard and ring of headlights, all Kira could think was that his parents would freak out when they got home. She couldn't imagine those tire tracks would go away very fast. And, it looked as though their entire class was there, dancing on the grass to music blaring from a ton of cars set to the same radio station. Plastic cups already spotted the ground and Kira saw that the football team had set up multiple kegs in the beds of their pick-up trucks. She almost felt strange as they approached the house she had visited so many times before.
"We barely know these people," she whispered to Emma. The two of them were arm in arm, a few feet behind the boys who were rushing to join the fun.
"I know, but it'll be fun! And now, we'll be the people who everyone remembers for throwing an awesome party after graduation." Emma grinned at the thought. Kira started to smile too; she could get on board with this. It would be far better to be known as a member of the party-throwing brigade than the weird coma girl.
Yeah, the last few weeks of school had been fantastic with her friends and Tristan, but everyone gave her strange looks. No one in the school really knew what happened on the night of the eclipse except for Kira, Luke and Tristan. When Tristan had rushed her to the hospital, Luke stayed behind to clean up as much of the blood on her yard as possible. The cops still came to her house and they had found traces of human blood despite Luke's attempts, so they started investigating. There were rumors that Tristan had beaten her up and Luke had to stop him, or that Tristan and Luke tried to kill each other. The three of them had tried to play it off as an animal attack, but it was still the town gossip for weeks. After a while it became old news, but, in high school, old news almost never disappeared completely. Going out with a bang suddenly didn't seem half bad, and Kira let Emma lead her forward to party.
They both grabbed diet sodas and walked over to the boys who were stationed on Miles' porch, looking out over the party surveying who they could get him to dance with.
"I say Susie Harp," Luke pointed at the small, pixie-like girl with brown hair. Kira slapped his hand down when she and Emma got closer.
"Stop pointing," she chastised and rolled her eyes. Maybe Miles wasn't the problem; Dave and Luke could easily be holding him back.
Luke ignored her and pointed at Susie again. "Come on, she's cute and this is the last night I get to watch you in action."
"No way man," Dave put his arm around Miles' shoulder, steering him in the opposite direction. "Amy MacDougall, she's the girl you should go for."
All five of them looked over at Amy, who was dancing on the hood of a car while one of the basketball players stood at the ready in case she fell over. Her dress had wet spots from where she spilled her own drink all over herself, as Kira had witnessed five minutes before. They all looked back at Dave — he was clearly going for the 'she's drunk so she'll definitely dance with you' approach.
"David," Emma started, pulling him away to reprimand him for basically telling the group that Miles' only hope was someone who had no control over her senses.
"So, I win. Susie it is," Luke said, pushing Miles forward. He shrugged his shoulders as if to say okay, shook his head to get in the zone, and then straightened his glasses before walking over.
"This is going to be good," Luke put his arm around Kira so they could watch together.
"Why? What do you know?" Kira asked, not liking the mischievous glint in Luke's eye.
"Nothing, nothing," Luke shushed her.
"Luke," Kira said harshly. He looked over at her, slightly deflated, as though Kira were totally ruining his fun.
"Okay, so I might have already told Susie that Miles had a crush on her, and she might have already told me she would love to get to know him better, if you know what I mean." He wiggled his eyebrows and they watched as Miles led Susie to the pseudo dance floor that the circle of cars created. He shot both of them a not-so-discrete thumbs up and Kira silently prayed he didn't screw it up.
"You're quite the matchmaker," she laughed.
"I do what I can," Luke said and looked over at her. Their faces were close together, and Kira could almost feel his pulse quicken. Not for the first time, she thought maybe she was reading his mind, because Kira knew, before Luke even made a move, where his thoughts were going. She broke his gaze, pulling away, and Luke released his hold on her arm to step a few feet backwards. When she heard his shuffling feet pause, Kira turned her eyes around to face him, and eased her body back to rest against the railing. The small space between them might as well have been miles.
"So, what about you?" She asked, trying to break the tension. "Amy's up for grabs, you can always try for one last high school hurrah before we leave tomorrow."
Luke grinned at the joke, trying to ignore the fact that Kira had very clearly just blown him off. She wondered what would happen when they went to Sonnyville. He had not been overtly obvious about his feelings for her, and sometimes Kira thought she was making it up in her head, but at moments like this, when she caught a glimpse of his small tendrils of longing, Kira wondered what really went on behind his goofy exterior.
"So, are you excited for tomorrow?" He asked, crossing his arms and leaning against the wall opposite her. Under the porch lights, Kira thought his bleach blond hair seemed to glow, and she realized she would be the only person for the next few weeks who didn't have almost white locks.
"It's strange, to think about being surrounded by conduits. I'm excited, but it's a little nerve-wracking too," she said honestly.
"Everyone will love you, don't worry. My little brother can't wait. I think he thinks you're a shiny new toy for him to play with."
Kira smiled, already picturing a miniature version of Luke running around with a wide smile on his face, fascinated by everything around him. Luke's family would be interesting to finally meet. Kira wondered what his sister and parent's would think. Had he told them about Tristan?
"And," Luke continued talking, recognizing that Kira still needed reassurance, "the Council really isn't that bad. Everything is going to be great, you'll see."
"I hope so," she said and glanced back out at the party. Miles and Susie were still dancing, getting friendlier and friendlier Kira thought, and Dave and Emma had disappeared. So much for the five of them hanging out. Everywhere she looked, she saw her classmates, but they seemed more like strangers to her now than ever before. She wasn't sad to be leaving this town, just the few amazing friends she had made there.
Kira looked back at Luke, ready to ask more questions about their travel arrangements for tomorrow, when she saw him focus on something beyond her shoulder. The muscles in his face tensed, his usual laugh lines disappeared, and Kira saw his whole body stiffen. It could only mean one thing.
"Lover boy is here," he said and Kira turned to see Tristan weaving his way through the crowd. Like a shadow sneaking between the rays of the headlights, he molded into the dark. Every part of him was hidden except for his pearly skin. Kira tried to smother the smile threatening to spread across her face, and turned back to Luke to silently let him know she wouldn't abandon him to spend time with her boyfriend.
"I'll leave you two alone," Luke said, pushing against the wall to straighten his body and prepare to walk away.
"Luke, stay. I want to hang out with both of you."
He shrugged, as if to say that's not possible, and started to leave. Kira heard the porch steps creak behind her, knowing it was Tristan, and spun around.
"We need to talk," Tristan said, his voice full of concern. Luke stopped walking and looked back, alert.
"What's going on?" He asked. Kira could tell he had transitioned to business mode and had let the personal drama go for the moment.
"Privately. Can we get inside?"
Luke nodded and walked over to the door. Reaching above the doorframe, he pulled out a spare key Miles must have told him about and opened the locked door.
Tristan grabbed Kira's hand, entwining their fingers, and quickly kissed the top of her head before following Luke inside.
Luke shut the door behind them. The kitchen was eerily dark and the soundproof glass dulled the strains of music coming from the party. Heavy shadows crept around the lines of light peeking through the windows making the three of them seem very alone. Kira shivered with a sense of foreboding and dropped Tristan's hand to lift herself onto the granite countertop. She knew she would need a seat to hear the news Tristan clearly felt was urgent.
"What's going on, Tristan?" She asked.
With traces of sadness lining his clear blue eyes, Tristan looked at her and responded, "You and Luke need to leave now. Immediately. I brought Luke's car and packed your stuff." He ended quietly, as if not wanting to believe the truth in his words. Kira reached out to grab his arm, pulling him closer. There was something else, something he didn't want to tell her. In the corner of her eye, Kira could see Luke pacing around the kitchen, thinking.
"They're here, aren't they?" Luke stopped walking and faced Tristan, who just nodded.
"What?" Kira asked, feeling left out, before realizing Tristan of course meant vampires. "Wait? They're here? As in Charleston or the backyard?"
Tristan ran his free hand through his hair and turned to Luke in full protection mode. Kira had seen this act before, and she didn't like it. "The pack of vampires I sent away last time, they're back. We have five, maybe ten minutes before they reach the party and tear this place apart. You both need to leave now."
"But, what about everyone else?" Kira jumped from the countertop, not allowing them to ignore her. She could not leave these people to fend for themselves.
"We need to do something," Luke said, walking closer to the two of them in order to figure out a plan. Tristan nodded in agreement. "Okay, Kira and I will just have to face them. We're powerful enough to bring down a few vampires, this will all be fine."
"No, that's way too risky," Tristan said, looking Kira in the eye. "You have to leave. You and Luke get in the car and start driving. I'm going to lure the vampires away, pretend I'm with them and that I saw you leave. Hopefully, I can lead them in the wrong direction for a while so you and Luke have a chance to escape."
"Oh, and your plan is totally foolproof," Kira smarmily replied. "I would rather fight them. It's what, eight or nine vampires? Luke and I can handle it. You can't do this on your own, Tristan." She reached her palm up to cup his face, letting her finger brush against his hair. She wouldn't let him do this alone.
"No, Kira," Luke spoke forcefully. "Tristan's right. He needs to do this. It's the best way to make sure you don't get caught."
Kira turned to Luke angrily. "It's not like you wouldn't gladly watch him die." She hissed, then looked away, instantly sorry for the remark. Luke was better than that — she knew he was better than that.
"This isn't about that, okay?" Luke replied softly, while staring at the ground to try and hide his involuntary wince. "Everyone at this party is at risk right now and you being here only amplifies that. Tristan's plan is the best way to keep everyone safe. So, let's go." He grabbed her hand and started pulling her from the kitchen, towards the front door of the house.
"Wait, Luke. Wait!" She tugged against his hold and stopped walking to glance back at Tristan. Drenched in shadow, he stood in the kitchen alone, turned slightly away from her and Luke as though he knew this was goodbye but couldn't bring himself to say it.
"Meet me at the car," Luke said and dropped Kira's hand to leave the two of them alone. He disappeared out the door, and before Kira could blink, Tristan was by her side. His hands gently cupped her face while he stared into her fire-laced eyes.
"It's going to be alright," he said, urging her to believe him. Kira tried to quell her racing heart and believe his words, but even if it was alright tonight, neither one of them knew what the future would hold in these next two months apart. He would be chasing down Diana, and though Kira knew he could take care of himself, even vampires could die.
Kira rested her forehead against his, enjoying the brush of his cool breath on her cheek in this one moment of peace.
"I love you," she whispered.
He leaned in to kiss her and Kira pulled him closer, not wanting to let go and lose the touch of his soft lips on hers. Tristan lifted her off the ground, hugging her close to his body, and she wrapped her arms around his neck. Everything felt perfect at least for an instant, before Kira felt his body stiffen. He broke their kiss, pulled her in even tighter for a final hug and then set her back down, still holding her.
Kira stared into his sapphire eyes, reading the sadness tinted longing in his irises, and knew the vampires were here. Tristan let her go and stared, moving his eyes so he could take in every inch of her face. She ran her hand through his hair, pushing the ebony locks off of his forehead one last time, breathing in the moment.
In the time it took for Kira to blink away a tear, Tristan had vanished, leaving just a memory, and she was left alone holding only the air.
###

About the Author

Kaitlyn Davis graduated Phi Beta Kappa from Johns Hopkins University with a B.A. in Writing Seminars. She's been writing ever since she picked up her first crayon and is overjoyed to finally share her work with the world. She currently lives in New York City and dreams of having a cockapoo puppy of her own.

Connect with the Author Online:
Blog: http://kaitlyndavisbooks.blogspot.com/
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/KaitlynDavisBooks
Twitter: http://twitter.com/DavisKaitlyn
Tumblr: http://kaitlyndavisbooks.tumblr.com/
Goodreads: http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/5276341.Kaitlyn_Davis
Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/kaitlyndavis



CM Doporto - Element


ELEMENT
Part 1
By
CM Doporto

College freshman, Natalie Vega, offers to be a test patient for several vitamins and supplements created by Kronberg Laboratories, a large pharmaceutical company where she interns. Immediately her body starts going through physical changes but when she runs into her former high school crush, Ryan Garrett, she is unaware of the life altering affects he will have on her.
Book Trailer: http://animoto.com/play/Zl4rnzUbmbjoI4kloNQdJw





Cover art by: Amygdala Design
Edited by: Melinda Fulton


Thank you for your support.

For my husband,
thank you for sharing your dream with me and helping me make my dream come true.
You are the love of my life.

Acknowledgements

First, I would like to thank our Heavenly Father for giving me the opportunity to do what I love, write. You have proven to me over and over that everything is possible through you.
There are so many people that have helped me along this journey and I would be remiss in not mentioning them. My dear friend, Amy, thank you for reading the very first few chapters and encouraging me to continue. Looking back at that first draft, I don’t know what you liked, but I’m happy I took your advice. To my sister, Melissa, thank you so much for reading the first draft, all 140,000 words, and offering your recommendations. I think you should put that talent to good use. Melinda Fulton, my editor, for all your coaching and advice. I appreciate you holding my basket and reassuring me that I was on the right track!
To my author friends, CL Pardington and Chrissy Peebles, I appreciate your guidance on self-publishing. I’m glad I decided to be an Indie author! To all my beta readers, Amber, Amy, Jaime, Jennifer, Johnny, Missy, Sam, Sheri, and especially my husband, Louis, thank you for taking the time to read through the story and provide me valuable feedback. Jenny, Susa, and Kim, my critique partners, I appreciate the advice and honest opinions. Everyone’s feedback and recommendations have helped make Element a stronger story.
I have to give a big shout out to my street team, CM’s Heroes and Heroines. You guys rock and I’m indebted to you! Lastly, I would like to thank all the bloggers and book reviewers for taking the time to read my story and provide an honest review. You all help get the word out about great books and play a huge role with influencing readers to buy them. If I missed anyone at all, I’m sorry, but know that I appreciate your help.





Chapter 1: New Beginnings

“Ladies and gentlemen we are approaching a storm and it’s going to be a little rough until we clear it.” The captain announced. “Please stay seated and turn off all electrical devices immediately. Thank you.”
Natalie looked out the small oval window. Raindrops smeared across it, dancing their way to the side. Lightning flashed and she shuddered. She hated flying when there was a storm. For a moment, she wished she would have taken the later flight, but she wanted to get back early since classes resumed tomorrow. She reminded herself that she had a great Spring Break in Chicago with her family and ending it with her cousin’s fairytale wedding made it all worth it.
A sudden jolt called her attention back to the situation at hand. The plane shook and rattled as it flew on the edge of thick, dark clouds. Within seconds, darkness consumed the plane and the day turned into night. Out in the blackness of the sky she saw powerful flashes of light stretching out like tentacles waiting for the plane to enter. She pulled the blanket closer to her, clutching it up against her chest, somehow hoping it would calm the drumming of her heart.
“What the —” she blurted out when the plane hit another patch of rough turbulence. She took a deep breath and let it out slowly.
A horrible rumble echoed through the plane as it wavered from side to side. Gasps and sighs along with people begging and pleading to God were heard throughout the plane. She swallowed hard, feeling the vitamins she took ten minutes ago ease their way up. Without warning, the plane dropped several feet. Her heart hit the bottom of her stomach. An alarm sounded and emergency instructions echoed through the overhead speakers. Gasping for air, she grabbed the arm rests and her body stiffened. Her eyes stayed fixed on the flashing red and white lights above her head. Please God, don’t let me die! Please.
“Natalie… Natalie, wake up. You’re having another nightmare.” Her college roommate, Lise, shook her several times before she finally awoke.
“What?” She sprung up in her bed. Sweat trickled down the sides of her forehead and she breathed heavily.
“You’re okay. It was just a nightmare.” Lise turned on a bedside lamp and then sat down next to her.
It took her a few seconds to realize that she had been dreaming. She wiped the sweat away and the pounding of her heart turned into a slow thud. She flopped back onto the bed and took a few deep breaths. “I don’t know why I keep having these darn nightmares.”
“I do.” Lise replied.
Natalie looked at her. “You do?”
“Uh, yeah… because you said you nearly died on that plane. You’re probably experiencing post stress or something like that.”
Natalie swallowed hard. She couldn’t be experiencing post-traumatic stress because only soldiers suffer from things like that, right? “No, I don’t think so. I mean, it was horrible and scary but…”
“Do you want to talk about it?” Lise’s green eyes softened.
“What is there to talk about?” Natalie sat up. She hadn’t told anyone the full details about what she experienced on the plane, including her parents. She wasn’t about to tell Lise either.
“Sometimes it’s good to talk about horrible events. It can help you get over them.” Lise played with the edge of her t-shirt, rolling it up.
“Thanks, but I’ll be fine.” She glanced over at the clock on the window ledge. “I guess we should start getting dressed.”
Lise turned and looked at the clock. “Crap, I don’t want to be late.”
Natalie threw back the covers. “Neither do I. First impressions are everything.”

***

Lise kicked Natalie’s foot under the table. “That guy keeps looking over here. He is way too cute.”
Natalie adjusted her glasses and did a quick glance over to where the guy sat. “I think I know him.”
She leaned in closer to Natalie. “You do? From where?”
“I went to high school with him.” Natalie shot another quick glance to make sure.
“You did. How lucky can you be? Did you ever go out with him?” Lise whispered.
Natalie put her hand in front of her mouth, to muffle her words. “No. He had a girlfriend. I don't even think he knows who I am.”
“Well, the guy sitting next to him is cute too.” Lise played with her hair, twirling it around her finger while glancing up occasionally at them.
She nudged Lise’s arm. “Quit staring. They know we're talking about them.”
Lise huffed and rolled her eyes, eventually turning her attention back to the front of the room. Ms. Thompson, the human resource representative for Kronberg Laboratories, spoke in a low monotone voice. After two hours of literally reading Power Point slides, she had half the room yawning, including Natalie.
The door opened and a middle aged man with salt and pepper hair sauntered into the conference room. Everyone sat up straight. It was as though he demanded everyone’s undivided attention without speaking a word.
“Mr. Hayle. I, uhhh, didn’t realize you were stopping by.” Ms. Thompson quickly perked up when she saw the sleek suited man. “Everyone, this is Mr. Russ Hayle, CEO & President of Hayle Industries and Kronberg Laboratories.”
The room erupted into a welcoming cheer. Natalie clapped her hands and stood up, like everyone else but something about him rubbed her the wrong way. Maybe it was the way he flaunted his arrogance like a proud king over his country. Prior to applying for the internship, she had done her research on this business tycoon. Although he impressed her with the empire he had built, Dr. Albin Kronberg, the scientist behind the natural supplement line, had her full attention. She couldn’t wait to meet him. Especially since she had been testing out some of his products and would be interning in his lab.
“Thank you. Thank you.” He held up one hand in the air, in a dictatorial manner. The clapping came to an abrupt stop. “I know everyone is getting great information from Ms. Thompson but I wanted to take the time and welcome each of you. This is the largest summer internship group we have hired since opening our doors.” He surveyed the room, meeting the eyes of several students. “We are expecting wonderful results from each of you in this program. While this is only a summer program, many of you will be offered an opportunity to continue working here while you pursue your college education. The rest of you may not. It all depends on your performance and I expect the best from each and every person whether you are an intern or an executive.”
Mr. Hayle continued with his elaborate and somewhat parental speech. She listened carefully, like a good student should. Even though he was an excellent speaker, he lacked in his ability to be personable and it made her feel distant rather than welcomed. Regardless, this internship was an opportunity of a lifetime. She would learn everything she could while working there.
“As a way to welcome each of you, I am inviting you to the VIP grand opening of The Regal on Sixth Street tonight.” He pulled out a stack of cards and handed them to Ms. Thompson. “I hope to see everyone there. Good luck to each of you.” He gave a quick wave and walked out the door.
“OMG. He is uber cool. I can’t believe I’m actually interning here.” Lise wiggled in her seat, smiling.
“Me either.” Natalie watched Mr. Hayle walk out of the room.
“That should wrap up orientation. Does anyone have any questions?” Ms. Thompson asked, taking her reading glasses off. “No? I guess we are done. If you need anything, my contact information is listed in your folder. I’ll stay around for a while if you have any questions. The passes for the VIP party are here in front.” She laid the cards down on the table in front of her.
Before Natalie could even get out of her seat, Lise had already made her way to the front of the room collecting a few passes. Natalie placed her folder in her backpack and zipped it up and waited for Lise.
“I know where we’re going tonight.” Lise held up the passes in front of her.
Natalie shook her head and put her purse on her shoulder. “Hmmmm, I don't know.”
“Oh, come on. Don't be a party pooper. ” Lise put her hands on her hips and pouted her lower lip.
“Excuse me.”
Natalie and Lise both turned their heads in the direction of the deep, raspy voice. Standing in front of them were the two guys from across the room. Both of them wore button down shirts and slacks that clung to their well-defined bodies. They looked like they had just finished a photo shoot for an ad in a magazine.
“Yes?” Lise smiled, her cheeks turning a slight rosy color.
Natalie tried to speak, but her voice caught low in her throat. Her heart raced and she swore it pumped so loud that everyone could hear it. Say something. Anything.
“Hello, I’m Ryan.” He stuck out his hand but she couldn’t move. Every muscle in her body tensed, including her eyes. They were fixed on him, like he had cast a spell upon her unknowingly.
“I’m Lise Turner.” She reached out her hand, nudging Natalie as she shook his hand.
“Nice to meet you Lise.” He gave her a friendly shake.
Lise turned to the other guy. “And you are?”
“I’m Sal Rodriguez. Nice to meet you.” He had short, dark hair and an olive skin tone that hinted he must be Hispanic. His style was slightly more rugged than his friend’s with a five o’clock shadow.
“Ryan? Ryan Garrett? Go Bullfrogs?” Natalie hesitated, not wanting to be wrong. If her instincts were correct, which they usually were, she knew who he was. He was the high school football star that every girl drooled over, including herself. What was he doing there at UT Austin? Last she had heard he went to TCU.
“Yeah, I thought I knew you from somewhere.” He held up his finger, pointing at her. “I’m sorry, I forgot your name.”
“Natalie. Natalie Vega.” She stuttered the words out, feeling like a complete idiot.
“Nice to meet ya.” His Texas drawl, coupled with his one dimpled smile, made her want to melt into the floor. He held his hand out again in front of her. She reached for his hand and the moment her skin touched his, a surge of energy penetrated her. A wave of dizziness flowed through her body. She stumbled backward trying to keep her balance.
“Hey, are you okay?” Ryan reached forward and caught her in his arms, before she fell back. When she felt the warmth of his embrace, everything went limp and she struggled to gain focus. A flush of heat flowed up her body, numbing her and seizing her breath. He scooped her up with little effort. Her face rested perfectly in the curve of his neck, allowing his manly scent to infiltrate her airways. It stirred up emotions she’d never felt before.
“Nat? Are you alright? Do I need to call 911?” Lise spat off a thousand questions. She tried to speak, but couldn’t get her throat to unclench. She shook her head.
She heard Sal take charge. “Come on everyone, give her some room. Can somebody get some cold water for her, please?”
Ryan lay her down gently on top of one of the tables in the conference room. He released his arms from around her, allowing his hand to slide up her back until he cradled her head in the palm of his hand. “Lay back for a moment. Just relax.”
His voice touched a part of her that made her respond willingly and freely. “Okay.” His light brown eyes caught her gaze and at that moment, something between them exchanged. It was a feeling, a relentless force, somehow bringing their souls close together. She took a few slow breaths, and with every inhalation she swore she could feel him, smell him, and literally taste him. She wondered if he felt that instant connection. By the look in his eyes, something deep within her told her he did.
“Is she okay?” Ms. Thompson interrupted their moment. When Ryan didn’t respond, she turned to Natalie. “Are you okay?”
Natalie didn’t answer. She couldn’t seem to take her eyes off of him. It seemed like a full minute had passed before Ryan broke his gaze and turned to Ms. Thompson. “I don’t know. I mean, I think she is.”
She blinked a few times and gathered her senses. “Yeah... I’m okay. I got a little dizzy.” She rubbed her forehead with her fingers. Then she realized the small audience gathered around them. She wanted to run out of the room, but knew that wouldn’t be very smart. She struggled to get up. “I can sit up now.”
“Are you sure?” He smoothed a few strands of hair away from her face.
Her heart wanted to say no, but her head told her to say yes. She wanted nothing more than to stay right there next to him. Feel the warmth of his embrace and remain within the security of his hands. Instead she responded, “Yeah.”
He guided her up slowly.
“Do you need some water?” Sal handed her an icy cold water bottle.
“Thank you.” She took the bottle from him, but had trouble opening it. Her hands felt like JELL-O along with everything else.
“Spoiler alert. She’s fine.” Sal turned around and urged the crowd to leave. Relief flowed over her. She didn't like to be the center of attention and by the size of the crowd, she had been.
“Here, allow me.” Ryan took the water bottle from her hands and opened it with little effort. He handed it back to her.
“Thank you.” She sipped the water slowly.
“Are you okay?” Lise took Natalie’s purse off her shoulder. Somehow she managed to keep it hanging to her side.
“I’m fine. I got dizzy for a second, that’s all.” She took another sip of water.
“Do you need us to call a doctor for you?” Ms. Thompson removed her cell phone from her belt clip.
“No. I’m fine… really, I am.” Natalie insisted.
“Okay. Take it easy. We will see you in two weeks. Let me know if anything changes. You have my number and email in your folder.”
“Okay. Thank you.” Natalie smiled at Ms. Thompson, giving her that extra reassurance. She smiled back and then walked away along with everyone else still watching.
Natalie’s heart beat rapidly and her mouth was dry as cotton, despite the cold water she continued to sip. Ryan stood right next to her, which made her feel even more nervous. What had gotten in to her? Why was she feeling this way about him? She took another sip of water and kept her head down. It really sucked feeling this way around guys. For once, she wished she could be more like Lise: outgoing, fun and not afraid to make friends.
“Are you okay now?” Ryan asked hesitantly, patting her shoulder.
“Yes… yes I am.” She nodded and then swiveled around until her legs dangled off the table.
“I hope you are, because I still want to go out tonight.” Lise reached down to pick up the VIP passes she dropped on the floor.
Sal reached down at the same time she did and they bumped heads.
“Owww.” Lise grabbed her head.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t see you reach down.” Sal rubbed the top of his head. His cheeks reddened.
“It’s okay.” Lise shook it off and gave him a big smile.
She turned to Natalie. “Come on. Everyone will be there.” Lise glanced over at Ryan and Sal. “Are you two planning on going?”
Ryan shrugged. “Yeah, I guess. What about y'all?"
Natalie peeked out from behind her glasses, trying to gauge his interest. Gathering her courage, she lifted her head. “Ummm… maybe.”
“Okay. Hopefully we will see ya'll out there tonight.” He said with a smile and a wink.
Her mouth fell open. Did Ryan Garrett just wink at me? She couldn’t say anything, so she nodded.
“See you guys later tonight.” Lise jumped up and down on the balls of her feet. She held onto the passes like they were the winning ticket to the Texas lotto.
“See you later.” Sal shot Lise a half-smile. Lise fluttered her long faux eye lashes at him. She was hooked. Natalie shook her head, wondering why her roommate fell for guys so easily.
The moment the guys left the room Lise screamed, “OMG, how lucky can we get? Those are the two hottest guys I have ever seen. They have to be from that spirit club, what are they called,” Lise motioned with her hands.
“Texas Cowboys?” Natalie stood up slowly; making sure the dizziness had subsided. Still feeling a little woozy, she held onto the table, since her friend was too busy reminiscing about the hotties.
“Yeah, or maybe they’re football players. Did you see the muscles on them?” Lise continued to rattle on about them. “Oh, sorry. Did you need help?” Lise held out her hand.
“No. I’ve got it.”
“What happened?” Lise picked up Natalie's backpack and purse.
“I don’t know. I got dizzy all of a sudden.” Natalie tried to take her purse from Lise but she pushed Natalie’s hand away.
“I got it. Let’s get back to the dorm, grab a bite to eat, and get ready for tonight.” They made their way out of the room.
“Maybe I should stay in and rest.” Natalie walked close to Lise, just in case she got dizzy again.
“What? No. You’re going out. You're not staying home another night.”
Natalie let out a sigh. “Lise I really don't want to talk about this right now. I want to go and lie down for a while.”
Lise's shoulders sank and her backpack along with her and Lise's purse slid off both her arms. “Oh, alright. Let's get you back to the dorm.”

***

Natalie sat up on her elbows when she heard the door open. She shielded her eyes with her hand when the light from the hallway shined onto her face.
“Sorry, I didn't mean to wake you.” Lise shut the door softly.
“That's okay. I need to get up.” Natalie flipped her bedside lamp on. “What time is it anyways?”
“Seven, I think.” Lise flipped on the main light in the dorm room.
“Already?” She threw back the covers and sat on the side of her bed.
“Yeah, already. I did bring you something back from Texadelphia.” She sat down a brown paper bag on Natalie's desk.
“Thanks Lise. Why didn't you wake me up? I would have gone with you.”
“You were sleeping so good, I didn't want to bother you. So I went with Shannon and Macie.” She turned on the TV and then went to her closet and started going through her clothes.
“Oh good, you didn't have to eat alone.”
“So, do you think you feel like going out tonight?” She looked over her shoulder at Natalie, giving her a please say yes look.
“Oh, Lise, I don't think I'm up to it. Ask Shannon and Macie to go with you.”
Lise stomped her feet on the ground. “What? Come on Nat, you know I don't like going out to bars with our suite mates. They are so lame. Besides, you haven't been out since Spring break.”
“I'm sorry. I'm not ready to go out.” Natalie lay back down on her bed. She didn’t want to admit that seeing her old high school crush had definitely stirred up some buried feelings.
“Not ready? What you need to do is forget about Tony and go have some fun for crying out loud. Our freshman year is ending.”
“I don’t care, Lise.” Natalie grabbed her pillow and covered her head. Even though Lise was a great friend, she really didn’t want to listen to her lecture about what she needed to do. She knew how to handle her split with Tony and she didn’t need Lise telling her how to do it. More than anything she was afraid that if she went out she’d run into him or maybe even Ryan.
“Come on, Nat. You can't stop living your life because of him.” She tugged on the pillow, trying to uncover her face.
She shoved the pillow to the side of the bed and sat up. “I am living. He hasn't ruined my life.”
“Well, you haven’t been yourself since you broke up with him. All you do is workout, go to class, study and sleep.” Lise put her hands on her hips.
When Natalie tried to get up, she moved side to side blocking her. She sat on the edge of the bed waiting patiently for her to move. Lise continued to babble words of encouragement but she ignored her. Frustrated, she pushed Lise out of the way and got up from her bed.
“Where are you going?” Lise stumbled to the side.
Natalie didn’t answer. She walked over to her dresser and pulled out some shorts and a tank top. She changed her clothes and put on her running shoes. When she stood up, she caught her reflection in the mirror. Her hair was a stringy mess and she barely had any makeup on. She told herself she didn’t care, but decided to redo her ponytail anyway.
“I’ll be back later. I’m going to workout.” Natalie grabbed her gym bag and headed for the door.
“Wait. I ummmm…wanna go.” Lise stumbled around the room trying to find her running shoes.
She stopped and turned around. “Lise, you hate to workout. Besides, you have a great body.”
“Uhhh, no I don’t. I’ve gained at least ten pounds this semester. So I could really use your help.”
“If you say so.” Natalie raised her brows and shook her head. If only she could be as lucky as her blonde, green-eyed friend. Who happened to be naturally gifted with big boobs, a small waist and a firm butt that any girl would envy, despite her disillusionment of being overweight. The fact that Lise was almost a whole year older than her gave her a glimmer of hope.
Lise looked up from tying her shoe. “I think that class you’re taking is really making a difference. Have you checked out your legs lately?”
Natalie glanced down at her legs, flexing them and turning them from side to side. The definition in her quadriceps and calves had definitely changed. Either the working out or the supplements she had been taking was making a difference. Maybe both.
“Okay, let’s go.” Lise seemed overly enthusiastic.
They left the dorm room and walked down the hall. “I hope you can keep up with me.” Natalie let out a slight smile, looking over her shoulder. Lise trailed behind, dodging a slew of oncoming female students in the long corridor of the dorm.
By the time they made it to the common area, Lise’s enthusiasm had dwindled away and a worried look formed on her face. “I’ve done Zumba before. I think I can keep up.”
“If you say so.” Natalie said holding the door open for her.
The moment they stepped outside, Lise’s attention shifted. “OMG it’s feels hotter out here than it did thirty minutes ago.” She pulled up her hair and clipped it to the side.
Natalie wiped the sweat forming along her hairline on her forehead. “I can't imagine what this summer is going to be like.” She led the way across the campus lawn.
“Brutal. That's what it will feel like. Hey, let’s take the shuttle.” Lise pointed to the bus stop.
“No, it’s a short walk.” Natalie kept going toward the gym.
“What? It’s too hot to walk.” Lise whined. Natalie turned around, grabbed her arm, and pulled her in the opposite direction. Poor Lise, she was always complaining and whining about something. Even though they were in central Texas, it was hard not to complain about the near hundred degree temperatures this late in the afternoon for the middle of May. No doubt, this would be a hot summer.
Lise rushed ahead of Natalie to get inside the gym. “Are you that eager to get started?” Natalie walked in behind her.
“No, I just wanted to feel this cold air.” Lise stood underneath the air vent, spreading her arms out and allowing the cool air to blow down on her face.
“I hope you're not afraid to sweat.” She passed by her.
Lise followed her to the free weights area. “Weights? Seriously?” She threw her hands up in the air.
“You can do whatever you want. Today, I'm lifting weights.” Natalie sat her gym bag down in front of a bench and then picked up a twenty pound dumbbell. She did a few arm curls while Lise watched her.
“My God, look at your arms. What have you been taking?”
Natalie watched the bulge in her bicep enlarge with each rep she took. “Just the supplements and vitamins from Kronberg Labs, that's all.”
“Are you sure there are no steroids in them?” Lise reached over and squeezed her arm.
She let out a slight laugh. “No. They are not drugs. It's only vitamins and protein along with some amino acids. Nothing else. Believe me, I wouldn't be taking them.”
When she finished, Lise motioned for Natalie to give her the dumbbell. “Here, I'll do a few.”
“Okay.” She handed Lise the weight.
“What the—,” Immediately her arm went down, nearly dropping the weight. “This is way too heavy.” She used both her hands to hold on to the weight before setting it down on the floor.
“Sorry, I thought you knew they were twenty pound weights.”
“No, I didn't notice. I need something lighter.” Lise walked over to the rack of weights and tested out a few different weights before selecting the eight pound dumbbells. She began doing arm curls, in the same manner Natalie had done.
Natalie went over to the rack and picked up the fifteen pound weights. She walked over to a bench and kneeled down on one knee to do triceps kick-backs.
Lise did arm curls, right next to her. “You know Nat, you can't keep going on like this…avoiding the pain. It’s not good for you. Besides, it’s been over four months now.”
“What? I’m not avoiding anything.” She did reps with her left arm. The fact was she hadn’t avoided the pain. She had cried and cried, and had even talked to her mom about what happened. Just because she hadn’t cried to Lise didn’t mean she avoided what happened. She didn’t wear her emotions on her sleeve or tell everyone her problems, like Lise did. Natalie preferred to be more private and only tell on a need to know basis.
“Then why don’t you want to go out?” Lise set the dumbbell down.
Natalie switched arms and began lifting the weight with her right arm. “I don’t care to meet any guys or get involved with anyone right now.” She had made a promise to herself not to get hurt again. Never would she let a guy deceive her like Tony did.
Lise turned away and sat down on another bench next to her. “Just because you’re going out doesn’t mean you have to hook up with anyone. Let’s go and have some fun.”
“I’m sorry, but you and I both know those guys will be there and you’re going to drag me with you so you can hang out with them. And I don’t want to.” She put the dumbbells back on the weight rack and walked over to the bench press.
Lise followed right behind her. “Oh come on, Nat. They’re nice guys and you already know Ryan.”
She ignored Lise, not saying a word. Even though Ryan was a nice guy, she couldn’t afford to get involved. She knew that something had sparked between them and if she ran into him at the bar, chances were they would talk. Talking could lead to something more. She wouldn’t get hurt again.
She picked up two twenty-five pound weights and placed one on each side of the bar and lay back on the bench. “Spot me, please?”
Lise moved in position behind her. She leaned over and said in a low voice, “You know, Ryan seems to be so much better than Tony. And definitely hotter than him.”
Natalie's eye narrowed at Lise but she ignored her and kept doing her workout, not giving in to her pleading. She closed her eyes, trying to block out Lise’s hounding voice.
“Oh no, please don’t tell me they know each other.”
She opened her eyes. “No, they don’t. Ryan had already graduated when Tony enrolled our junior year.”
“Okay, good.” Lise didn’t say anything for about half a minute and then started in again. “So let’s go. Think about it. You, me, Ryan and Sal. It will be fun.” Lise sang out.
Natalie pushed the weight up faster and faster until she couldn't handle it any longer. She shoved the bar back on the rack. “Just stop, Lise!” She jumped off the bench and walked off, not caring if she caused a scene. She held her head with her hands, pacing around in a circle.
Lise had no idea what she had gone through because she hadn’t told her much. Only that they broke up and she never wanted to see him again. Little did she know that her high school sweetheart had turned into an arrogant, selfish, money flaunting, chic magnet playboy. The images of him lying in bed with two girls haunted her mind. How had he gone from this quiet, innocent, and charming boy with a swooning Italian accent to this player?
Natalie sat back down on the bench, keeping her face buried in her hands. She could feel the tears coming on and she squeezed her eyes tighter, trying to keep them from seeping out.
“Hey, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to…” Lise put her hand on Natalie’s shoulder.
Natalie jerked her body forward, away from her hand. “Don’t. Don’t say anything. I need a minute.”
She couldn’t stop thinking about all she had done for Tony. Helping him fit in at school and learn the American way when he moved from Italy to the US. How they fell in love with one another and how she thought he was the one. Why did she agree to move to Austin and go to college with him? She should have listened to her parents. Just because his father decided to open his winery in Austin didn’t mean she had to follow him. How could she have been such a fool? She was smarter than that.
She wiped the tears from her eyes and looked at Lise. She sat hunched over, staring at the ground. Her puppy dog eyes and pouty lips said it all. “I’m sorry Lise—”
“No, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to keep nagging. I didn’t realize how bad he hurt you. We don’t have to go out if you don’t want to.”
Natalie shook her head. “No, you’re right. I can’t stay a recluse forever. I have to get out and enjoy life.” She wouldn’t let Tony get the best of her. She had a life to live and she couldn’t be scared all her life. There was only one thing she could do and that was to protect her heart.
Lise’s pouty lips turned up in to a full smile. “Seriously?”
Natalie nodded. “Yeah, let’s finish our workout and then get ready to go out.”
Lise clapped her hands like a small child that had been promised a toy. “We’re going to have so much fun tonight.”
Natalie rolled her eyes and let out a small giggle. “You are the bubbliest person I know.”
Lise shrugged her shoulders. “What can I say?”
“Thanks for making me feel better.”
Lise wrapped her arm around Natalie’s shoulders. “Anytime. That’s what friends are for. In fact we’re going to celebrate.”
“Celebrate what?” She retracted her head back.
“New beginnings for you and me.”



Chapter 2: Undeniable Feelings

“Crap.” Natalie struggled to get her jeans up her thighs.
“What’s wrong?” Lise turned around with the curling iron dangling from her hand.
“My skinny jeans…they don’t fit me.” Natalie wiggled her way out of them. “I don’t understand. I’ve been working out like crazy. How could I have gained weight?”
“Nat, you’re not fat. Turn to the side.” She motioned with the curling iron. “You’re just really defined. You look great.”
Natalie’s shoulders slumped and she frowned. “I have nothing to wear. I guess I’m staying in tonight.”
“No you’re not.” Lise ran to her closet and scurried through the tightly packed clothes. “Here, try this on.” Leave it to Lise to find her something to wear. Natalie didn’t know how she managed to pack all the clothes in her hatchback car and drive across four states.
“What? I don’t want to wear a dress unless you are.” She took the sleeveless short red dress from Lise.
“Okay. I’ll wear a dress too. Besides, it’s hotter than hell outside.” Lise pulled out a short, bright blue dress with a big fabric belt hanging from it.
Natalie held the dress up to her. She didn’t have a body to fill it out but decided to try in on anyways.
“Let me see.” Lise stopped applying her makeup and turned around.
“Oh wow, you look hot. You should wear it.”
“Really?” Natalie walked over to the full-length mirror mounted on the door. She turned her body in every direction, not trusting Lise’s opinion.
Lise walked up behind her. “Trust me, you look great. Now, let’s remove these.” She reached over her head and took off her glasses.
“Wait. I ummm…” She tried to stop her from removing them then changed her mind. “I guess I’ll wear my contacts.”
“What if…” Lise grabbed a handful of Natalie’s long dark hair and pulled it to the side. Before Natalie could say no, she sat her down in a chair.
“What are you doing?” She didn’t want Lise to glam her up. She preferred a simple, natural look.
“I’m going to do your hair and makeup.” Lise fumbled through her cosmetic bag.
“What? I already did.”
“Come on. Let me do a few things. Please?” Lise begged.
“Alright, but if I don’t like it, I’m washing it off and brushing out the curls.” Natalie folded her arms across her chest.
“That’s what you say now. Wait until I’m done.” She rubbed a make-up brush in a compact and then stroked it across her cheek.
Thirty minutes later Lise took a step back and smiled. “I’m done.”
Natalie rolled her eyes. “I’m scared to look.”
“Oh come on.” She stepped away from the mirror.
Natalie couldn’t believe her eyes. What had Lise done to her? “Wow. I look so much older and…”
“Say it. It’s okay.” Lise mouthed the words.
“Pr- pretty.”
“Yes, pretty and smokin’ hot.” Lise fanned herself.
“I don’t know Lise. I might send the wrong message to guys.”
Lise furrowed her brow. “You don’t look like a slut, if that’s what you’re thinking.”
“Are you sure?” She leaned in closer to the mirror, studying her long thick eye lashes. She had no idea mascara could work wonders like this.
“Believe me, you don’t. When we get to the bar, I’ll make sure and point some out to you. Okay?”
Natalie giggled. “Okay. I’ll go out this one time, looking like your Barbie doll.”

***

“Here, memorize the birth year. Everything else is the same.” Lise handed Natalie an identification card.
“What? Lise where did you get this? This is illegal.” She turned on the overhead light in Lise’s car to examine it.
“Relax. Can’t you have fun for one night?” Lise stared into the mirror on her visor, applying more lip gloss.
“Yes, but why do I need this? I can have fun without it.”
“Never mind.” She flipped up her visor. “If you don’t want to use it, don’t. I’m using mine.” She slid her fake ID into her wristlet and zipped it up. She opened the car door and got out, not waiting for Natalie.
“Lise, wait up.” Natalie tried to catch-up but struggled in the stacked heels she wore. She didn’t mean to upset Lise, but she also didn’t want to get in trouble. Carrying a fake ID was illegal and since she didn’t care much for drinking she didn’t see a need for one. Besides, most bars allowed eighteen year olds in.
Lise finally stopped to wait for her. “Sorry. I want us to have fun, that’s all.”
Natalie put her arm around Lise. “We will. I promise.”
“Alright.” Lise’s frown turned to a smile.
They made their way over to the old warehouse. When they approached the building they saw that the line to get in wrapped all the way around it.
Lise sighed. “Darn it. Now we have to wait out here in the heat and humidity. I’m gonna be all sweaty before I even start dancing.”
Natalie nodded. “Yeah… I know. I have an idea. Let’s go up to the front and see if these VIP passes have any pull.”
“That’s a great idea.” Lise led the way.
At the front of the building two large guys in black suits guarded the entrance door. They were checking IDs and letting people in from the long line that wrapped around the building. Natalie saw a few girls walk up and hand one of the security guards a card, like the one they had, and get in.
“Come on.” She pulled Lise by the arm, almost causing her to trip.
“Owww, you don’t have to put the death grip on me.” Lise pried Natalie’s hand off.
Natalie let go. “Sorry.”
“Good evening ladies.” The stoutly security guard greeted them.
“Hi.” Lise gave him a flirtatious smile and flipped her hair back.
Natalie flashed the VIP passes to him. “We have these.”
“Come on in.” He stepped aside.
“Thanks.” Lise winked at him. “Wow, we didn’t even have to use our ID’s.” Lise whispered into Natalie’s ear.
“I know.” She followed Lise into the newly renovated building. The bar had a vintage décor with exposed brick, aged paint, and rustic palm trees. Large canvas paintings hung throughout the bar showing a cultural flair of Little Havana. The rich muted colors gave it a tropical atmosphere that came alive with the beat of the fast Latin dance music.
“This place is different but very cool. Feels like I’m in Miami or somewhere like that.” Lise looked around.
“I know, it does.”
“Come on, let’s get a drink.” Lise pulled Natalie by the arm but she didn’t budge. “Wow, you really need to lighten up on the weights.”
“Hold on. I think that’s my Aunt Sharon with that group of people.” Natalie lifted up on her tiptoes to see over the crowd in front of her. When she heard the distinguishable laugh, she knew that had to be Sharon.
“Yep, that’s her alright. Come on.” They pushed through the crowd making their way over toward her.
Sharon, the complete opposite of Natalie’s mom, displayed a pretentious, outgoing, and an uncontainable zeal for life personality. She loved her aunt but felt sorry for her. After two failed marriages, she resorted to a single life and a devout commitment to her career as part owner of an advertising agency in Austin.
“Having fun?” Natalie asked, hugging her aunt from behind. Sharon had a rule to never call her Aunt in public. She thrived on portraying herself as a younger woman. Even at forty-six years old, she rocked a body of a woman in her late twenties. If there was a procedure for it, she’d either had it done or planned on having it done. Sharon’s view: if it’s loose, tighten it; if it sags, lift it; and even if it’s not broken, you might as well have it fixed the way you want it.
Sharon turned around. “Natalie… wow! Don’t you look gorgeous? Let me guess, did Lise do this to you?”
Natalie nodded. “Of course...you know Lise.”
“Great job, Lise. You need to make her up more often.”
“I know, right? By the way, I love your outfit.” Lise touched the sleeve of her animal print dress.
“Thank you. So what are you gals doing out here tonight?”
“We’re celebrating. We both got internships at Kronberg Laboratories.” Natalie smiled at Lise.
“You did? That’s wonderful. I wish you would’ve told me you applied. You know they’re clients of mine. I work closely with Lynn Pham in Marketing.”
“Seriously? I’m going to be working in Marketing. Isn’t she the head of the department or something?” Lise asked.
“Yes, she’s the director. I’m sure you’ll get to know her. Tell her you know me. I’ll also let her know the next time I see her.”
“Okay. I will. You know it never hurts to network.” Lise winked at Sharon.
“That’s right. You learn quickly. Come on. Let’s get us a drink.” Sharon urged them to follow her to the bar.
“Okay.” Lise immediately followed Sharon and Natalie tagged behind.
Natalie wondered if she should tell her aunt that she had been testing out some of their supplements but decided to keep it to herself for now. It probably wouldn’t make a difference to her anyway.
Sharon turned to Natalie and Lise. “What do you gals want?”
“Nothing, thanks.” Natalie replied.
“What? Oh come on, have a little fun. Besides, drinks are on me tonight.”
Lise chimed in. “Awesome, I’ll take a mojito.”
“Three mojitos please.” Sharon leaned over the bar trying to get the bartender’s attention.
The bartender walked over to them. “Sure. It’s an extra two bucks if you want it made with real limes or regular price for artificial mix.” He reached and took three glasses down from the overhead rack above him. “So what will it be?”
Sharon winced. “We’ll have the real stuff. Why is it extra for real limes?”
The bartender shrugged his shoulders while cleaning the glasses with a towel hanging from his waist. “Oh you know…shortage of crops or something like that.”
“Wow, this global warming is becoming more of a problem.” Natalie told Sharon.
Sharon waved it off like no big deal. She gave the bartender her credit card and kept her eyes fixed on him, watching his every move. “They always need some excuse to make more money.” Sharon slipped a few bucks into the bartender’s tip jar and winked.
The bartender smiled back at Sharon and wiggled his left finger that had a thick silver wedding band around it. “Thanks.”
Sharon pouted her lips. “Oh well.” She then turned to Natalie. “So, have you talked to your parents?”
“Yes, the other day. I told them I got the internship and that I planned on taking a few classes this summer and wouldn’t be coming home.”
“This works out great.” Sharon’s eyes lighted up. “I’m going to Europe for the summer and could use your help. Would you mind checking on my place? You can stay there when you want and so can Lise.”
“Sure. It will be a nice break away from the dorm.” Sharon had a rockin’ condo in downtown Austin that overlooked Lady Bird Lake. Besides the breath taking view, the condo had a modern décor with very high-end furniture, making it a lavish pad. Sharon, being a shopaholic, only bought the very best.
“Great. I appreciate it. You have the code, right?”
“Let me double check.” Natalie took her cell phone out from her wristlet.
“Please take care of it, okay?”
“Of course.” Natalie scrolled through her contacts until she came to her aunt’s number.
“By the way, you’re welcome to stay there tonight. I’ll be heading over to Chad’s place afterwards.” Sharon winked.
“I got it.” Natalie slid her phone back into her wristlet. “Who’s Chad?” She tried to recall the last guy she saw her aunt with. She never kept a guy around long enough for her to remember. Before Sharon answered, a guy with short spikey blond hair approached her from behind.
“Hey there sexy.” He leaned forward and whispered in her ear.
Sharon turned around and embraced the guy. “Hi. Don’t you look hot tonight?” She planted a big kiss on his lips and they exchanged more PDA than Natalie wanted to see. After several awkward seconds of heavy kissing and petting, she pulled away from him. “This is my niece, Natalie and her friend Lise. This is Chad.”
“Hello.” Natalie waved.
“Hi.” He nodded his head at both of them briefly.
Lise stepped forward and shook his hand. “Nice to meet you.”
“Likewise.” Chad smiled, showing his extra bright white teeth that made his green eyes sparkle. His smooth baby face hinted that he was at least fifteen years younger than Sharon. Knowing her taste, he had to be in his late twenties.
“Everyone’s sitting over there. We’re waiting for our drinks. Go ahead. I’ll be there in a minute. Do you want anything?” Sharon fixed his collar on his shirt and then ran her long hot pink fingernails down his chest.
“No, I got a beer.” He held up his bottle. “I’ll be waiting for you.” He arched his brow and winked at Sharon and then slapped her on the butt.
“Ouch.” She reached down and grabbed his rear end with both her hands and gave it a squeeze.
“See you girls later.” He gave a quick wave and then walked off.
Natalie nodded and Lise replied, “See you later.”
Sharon turned to both of them. “I haven’t told him that I’m going to Europe yet. I didn’t want you all to mention it.”
“Oh. No worries. I won’t say anything.” Natalie confirmed.
Lise made a motion across her lips with her fingers like they were zipped shut.
Sharon handed them their drinks and then held up her glass for a toast. “Here’s to a great summer.”
“To a great summer.” Natalie tipped her glass to Sharon’s and then to Lise’s.
She took a sip and when she lowered her glass she saw Ryan walking from the back of the room with Sal. She tried to tell Lise but the words hung in her throat. She managed to motion with her head and then coughed out, “They’re here.”
“OMG! They’re here?” Lise turned around and began checking herself, ensuring everything was in place. “Do I look okay? Do I have enough lip gloss on?” She smacked her lips together.
“Relax darling, you’re hot as they come.” Sharon winked at Lise.
Natalie nodded, not giving Lise much attention to her rambling questions. She knew they were going to run into them. Why did she listen to Lise? She should have stayed home. Then she remembered what Lise said; talking to Ryan didn’t mean she had to hook up with him.
Sharon’s eyes drifted over to where she had motioned to. “Aren’t they cute? Mmmm…check out those muscles.”
Natalie rolled her eyes. Why did Sharon have to hit on every guy she saw? She turned around and sat her drink down on the bar. The last thing she needed to do was to drop it or spill it on herself.
“Sorry. I can’t help myself.” Sharon ran her fingers through her short bleached out blonde hair. “At least they’re better looking than that no good ex-boyfriend of yours.”
That comment stirred something up inside of her. Hearing about Tony was the last thing she wanted, especially tonight. She refused to let her thoughts ruin her night or the rest of her life.
Ryan caught her gaze and he let out a big smile. Surely he wasn’t smiling at her? He kept his eyes fixed on her as he sauntered his way over to them. His cowboy swagger sent her body into full emotion overdrive. A flutter sensation swept across her body flooding her senses. Her heart froze but she managed to smile back.
“Wow, Sal’s smokin’ hot. Isn’t he?” Lise leaned over and whispered in her ear.
“What?” Natalie managed to break away from her daydreaming. That’s when reality hit. Why was she feeling this way? She had no business getting involved with anyone. Not now. She wanted to flee but before she knew it he was right in front of her.
“Glad y’all came. Have you been here long?” Ryan had one hand shoved into the pocket of his jeans. He wore a trendy western shirt with embroidery on the front of it and distressed leather cowboy boots.
She managed to choke out the words. “No, not long.”
“I almost didn’t recognize you without your glasses.”
Natalie felt her cheeks flush with heat. “Oh.” She diverted her attention to the zipper on her wristlet, tugging at it.
“I mean… you look good. Pr- pr- pretty.”
She looked up at him and smiled. She noticed the tips of his ears had turned a bright red. It was good to know she wasn’t the only one nervous. “Thanks. You look nice too.”
“How’s it going?” Sal gave Natalie a smile and then turned his attention to Lise. “Gee, you sure know how to make heads turn.” His gaze slid slowly over her from her head to her toes.
“Thanks. So do you.” Lise flipped her long blonde waves back and then took a sip of her drink. She held on to the tip of her straw with her teeth, biting it. Ryan greeted her but she barely noticed. Sal had her undivided attention.
Natalie took a few silent deep breaths, trying to calm her nerves. Her legs felt weak and she wanted to sit down.
“Hello. I’m Sharon Warren. Nice to meet you.”
“Oh sorry, this is my… Aunt Sharon.” Natalie stated purposefully.
Ryan and Sal shook Sharon’s hand and both said, “Nice to meet you.”
“I gotta go, Chad’s waiting on me. You kids have a good time now.” She winked at the guys.
“See you and thanks for the drink.” Lise held up her glass.
“Oh, don’t forget you can use my place tonight.” Sharon whispered to Natalie but said it loud enough for the guys to hear.
Natalie wanted to bury her face in her hands. She couldn’t believe Sharon said that. She didn’t know what to say so she blurted the first thing that came to mind. “She’s recently divorced.”
“Oh.” Ryan raised his eyebrows.
“Let me guess, she’s a cougar?” Sal asked with a grin.
Natalie busted out laughing and everyone else started laughing too. “Yeah, I guess you can say that.”
“God bless her.” Ryan shook his head then took a drink. He lowered his glass. “I’m sorry. Would you like something to drink?”
Natalie picked up her glass from the bar. “I have one, thanks.”
“How about we grab a seat? That booth’s empty over there.” Sal pointed to an area behind the bar.
“Sure.” Lise lead the way, practically running over to the quaint seating area. Along the back wall were several booth style chairs with overstuffed pillows and curtains draped in front of them. Dim lighting hung above a low table in front of the curved chair, giving it a romantic feel. Natalie knew this wasn’t a good idea, but took a seat next to Lise in the middle of the ‘u’ shaped seat. This allowed Ryan and Sal to sit next to them.
“So, I take it you’re feeling better?” Ryan set his drink down on the table.
“Yes. It was a dizzy spell, that’s all.” Natalie sat perched on the edge of the chair, struggling to keep calm and relaxed. Her tongue stuck to the roof of her mouth. She took a sip of her drink and noticed her hand shaking. She put her drink down, hoping she wouldn’t knock it over. She glanced over at Lise and Sal. They chatted back and forth like they had known each other for years. During times like this, she wished she had a little of Lise in her.
“Did you finish your freshman year?” Ryan tried to strike up a conversation with her.
“Yeah.” She nodded. She wanted to get to know him, but she was afraid. She couldn’t get hurt again. For some reason he made her feel nervous, which only made her more introverted. Not to mention, wearing the short dress didn’t help either. His leg practically touched her bare thigh.
Then she remembered something she learned in speech class. She took another sip of her drink and held onto the straw with her teeth. Inconspicuously, she took the straw from her mouth and held it in her hand. She fiddled and twisted the red plastic tube between her fingers, directing all her nervous energy to it. It brought a sense of relief to her, allowing her to relax.
She looked over at him. “What about you?”
“I just finished my second year. I took a year off and then decided to transfer to UT.” He twiddled his thumbs for a moment and then took another drink.
“I should have been a junior by now.” His voice was heavy.
“Oh… well at least you’re still in school.” Natalie wondered what happened. She could tell he wanted to talk more about it but held back. Her nervousness slowly dwindled away and she began to remember things about him from high school.
“I heard you got a scholarship to TCU to play football. I’m guessing that didn’t go well.” She also wanted to ask him about his high school girlfriend, Jennifer, but refrained.
Ryan looked up at her. His eyes drooped down and his bottom lip stuck out over his top lip.
“I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have ­­­—” She wanted to kick herself for asking him that question.
“It’s okay.” He let out a slight smile.
Natalie whispered low under her breath, “I didn’t mean to...”
Ryan leaned forward. “I’m sorry, I can’t hear you. The music’s too loud.”
The straw fell from her hand. He was only inches away from her face. Her heart pounded and she broke out in a sweat. Why did he make her feel this way?
“Oh, nothing,” she muttered.
“What? I still can’t hear you.” He moved closer to her, brushing up against her. His scent engulfed her, hitting her like a tidal wave that she couldn’t stand up against. The smell of sandalwood and ginger filled her airways. She closed her eyes and inhaled deeply, taking in every ounce of Ryan’s virile smell. A tingle danced up her spine and her head whirled, causing her to lose focus. Something took over her. It was the same sensation she had earlier that day. Her body swayed back and forth causing her head to feel heavy and her body to feel light. She grabbed Ryan’s leg for support.
“Whoa.” She closed her eyes, trying to gain her sense of balance.
“Are you okay?” Ryan asked.
After half a minute or so her equilibrium stabilized and the dizziness went away. When she opened her eyes she saw that Ryan had his arm around her.
“Natalie, are you alright?” She heard the concern deep within his voice.
She nodded. Why did being in his arms make her feel so safe and secure? She noticed she still had her hand on his leg. She needed to let go but couldn’t. Not because she thought she’d fall over but due to the uncontrollable attraction she felt for him.
Lise turned to her. “Nat, are you okay?”
She let go of his thigh, even though she didn’t want to. “Yeah, I’m fine. It’s been a stressful week. You know with finals and…”
“Are you sure you’re okay? This is the second time you’ve done that today, at least in front of me.” Ryan narrowed his eyes at her.
She had no idea why this kept happening to her. He couldn’t be having this type of effect on her. What was wrong with her? She wasn’t that weak. No guy could do this to her. It had to be something else.
“I started taking this new supplement a few weeks ago and I think it’s giving me some weird side effects or something.” Natalie searched her mind, trying to figure out the source of her dizziness.
Ryan didn’t seem convinced. “Maybe you should call your doctor, and maybe you shouldn’t drink.”
“Yeah, maybe you’re right.” Natalie glanced at her nearly empty glass.
“Just take it easy.” He patted her bare arm and then allowed his fingers to linger on her skin. It sent chills across her body. She didn’t know how to respond to his touch and before she could say or do anything he moved his arm and rested it behind her on top of the seat.
“Are you drunk already?” Lise narrowed her eyes at her. She sounded irritated rather concerned about her well-being.
Natalie gasped. “No Lise. I’m sober. I got dizzy again, like I did earlier today. That’s all.”
Lise lurched back, placing her hand against her chest. “Sorry, my mistake. Do you want to leave or go outside?”
By the sound of Lise’s voice, Natalie knew she didn’t want to do either. “No, I’ll be okay.” Natalie snapped back.
A waitress appeared. “Can I get you guys anything to drink?”
Sal nodded at the waitress. “Yes, a couple of waters, two Cokes and —”
“I’ll have another mojito. And yes, I want the real stuff.” Lise handed the waitress her empty glass.
“Okay. I’ll be back.” The waitress scribbled down their order and walked off.
Lise turned to Sal. “Seriously? That’s what you guys are drinking? Soda?” Her eyes widened.
Sal let out a slight smirk. “Yeah, anything wrong with that?”
Lise sat back. “No.” It took her a few seconds before she turned to Sal and asked, “Is it okay that I ordered a mixed drink?”
Sal shrugged his shoulders. “Suit yourself.”
Natalie glanced over at Ryan’s drink. The entire time she thought he was drinking alcohol with his cola. What college guy doesn’t drink? Boy, did she misjudge him. No alcohol. Impressive.
She saw him glance down at her legs and then back up at her. “So, do you workout?”
Before Natalie could answer Lise jumped into the conversation. “Does she? That’s an understatement. That’s all she does is go to the gym.”
Ryan chuckled. “Well, there’s nothing wrong with that. It’s good to exercise. I can tell by the muscles in your legs that you can probably leg press me.” His eyes traveled up and down her body.
Natalie hesitated. “I don’t know about that but I’ve been working out really hard lately. I guess it’s paying off.”
“Maybe we could workout together. You could train me.”
Natalie snickered. “Are you sure? Me, train a football player?”
“Yeah, why not? I’m thinking you may be able to show me a few things.” Ryan smiled and then winked at her. It caused another surge of adrenaline to hit her blood stream. Why did everything he say or do drive her crazy?
“I’ll warn you now. Be prepared. She’ll kill you, like she did me.” Lise smirked.
“I think I can handle it.” Ryan kept his eyes focused on Natalie.
Natalie ignored Lise’s comment. “Sure, anytime.” She had to look away before her face got any hotter.
The waitress came back with their drinks. “Two waters, two cokes and a mojito.”
Sal handed her a few bills folded up before anyone could offer to pay. “Keep the change.”
“Thanks,” the waitress said and then walked off.
“Thanks, Sal.” Lise took her drink and began slurping it down. Natalie took her ice water and downed it. The coldness numbed her mouth and the heat lifted from her cheeks.
“To answer your question from earlier, I did have an athletic scholarship but I lost it when I got injured.” Ryan rubbed the condensation on his glass with his thumb.
“Oh, I’m sorry to hear that. Are you okay?”
Ryan nodded. “Oh yeah, I’m fine now. I had to take a year off from school to have surgery and get my head back together. I decided that I would transfer and start fresh. It’s been the best decision I’ve made so far.”
“That’s good. So, you don’t play anymore?”
“Not too much. It’s not worth the risk. The doc said that I really messed up my ACL and if I hurt myself again I’d be on crutches forever or walking with a cane. That was enough for me to decide to hang up my cleats.”
Natalie felt bad for him. It must have been disappointing to have his dream destroyed. She remembered how happy he looked after winning a big game. “I’m sorry to hear that. I know it must suck.”
“Yeah, it did. I had to learn to move on and trust that there is something bigger in life planned for me.”
“I admire your passion for life. It kind of reminds me of something my grandmother always tells me.”
“What’s that?” Ryan gulped down half his drink.
“To never give up on your dreams or goals. If a door closes, another one always opens.”
“Exactly. But I have to admit it wasn’t easy and it took time and a leap of faith.”
“I can only imagine.” She glanced down at her glass, shaking the ice around.
“So, you still want to be friends with me even though you know I’m not a big football star any longer?”
Natalie winced. Did she seem that shallow? Then again, he really didn’t know her that well. “That doesn’t matter to me. I mean, don’t get me wrong, I’m sorry that happened to you but I ummm… like talking with you regardless.”
Ryan smiled and leaned in closer to her. “Thanks. I hope you’re being honest.”
For a split second Natalie wondered why he would say something like that to her. His eyes told her why. Fear plagued him, like it did her. She didn’t have to ask what happened to Jennifer. She knew she left him because of the injury.
“I’m not like other girls, Ryan. In fact, I really don’t even date. My last relationship was horrible.” Natalie sighed heavily. She noticed her hands weren’t shaking any longer. Finally, she was beginning to feel somewhat like herself around him.
“I’m sorry to hear that. So, you know what it feels like too.”
“Yes, I do.” Natalie looked back up at Ryan. She felt herself being drawn closer to him. She watched the movement of his lips. They looked so inviting, full and plump. He talked but she didn’t hear anything he said. At that moment, she heard an Italian accented voice speak.
“Is that you, Natalie? What are you doing here dressed like that…and wearing all that makeup?”
Natalie turned to see her worse nightmare, Tony. He stood in front of them with two girls hanging on each of his arms, dressed in his typical metrosexual attire. Looking at his dark brown hair, she knew he spent thirty minutes perfecting it into a perfect mold. A sick feeling formed in the pit of her stomach. She fought the urge to jump up out of her seat and attack him. She was better than that.
“It’s a public place. I can go wherever I choose,” Natalie replied confidently.
“You’re with him?” Tony pointed his index finger at Ryan and let out a smirk.
Natalie turned away to see Lise’s mouth fall open. She looked at Natalie and then back to Ryan.
Ryan took Natalie’s hand. “Yes, as a matter of fact, she is. Excuse us. We were just going to dance.” His stern voice had just enough sarcasm to send Tony the right message. When Ryan stood up, he towered over Tony, not only in height but in physical size. Tony didn’t back down. He laughed under his breath and shook his head.
Natalie didn’t think twice. She immediately got up to follow Ryan. She turned her head in disgust as she passed by Tony. She heard him smirk but didn’t turn around to acknowledge his high school behavior. When they stepped onto the dance floor Ryan swung her around to face him, pulling her body close to his. He held on to her hand while allowing his other hand to drop to her waist. Was he doing this to make Tony jealous or did he really want to dance with her? She suspected both.
“Thanks for saving me. I really appreciate it.” Natalie’s heart raced and she struggled to breathe. Every muscle in her body tensed, not allowing her to move. How come every time he touched her, he had this effect on her? What was it about him?
“Oh, don’t worry about it. I’m guessing that’s your ex.”
Natalie nodded. “He’s a total jerk.”
“You don’t have to tell me that twice.” His eyes fixed on hers and it stirred something deep within her. “Natalie. Natalie.”
“Uh huh,” she muttered, gazing into his eyes. He had her into a total trance.
“Relax. You’re too stiff. Do you know how to salsa dance?” Ryan took a step back.
“Oh, yeah. I’m sorry. I forgot the steps.” She watched how his feet moved back and forth. His hips swayed from side to side and she had to concentrate to keep her focus.
“Just follow my lead.” He pressed his body firmly against hers, directing her movements. It didn’t take long for her to catch the rhythm of the beat. Lights flashed bright colors of red, blue and green all around them, bringing the dance floor to life. Every movement of Ryan’s body against hers overwhelmed her.
“You’re doing great,” he said spinning her around. He held on to her hands and laced his fingers through hers. He lifted their arms, raising them above their heads and then pulled her closer to him. When he leaned over his breath warmed her cheek and she fought the temptation to kiss him. A deep need formed inside of her, striking every part of her body. Even those she didn’t know existed.
She needed to control herself but couldn’t seem to pull away. She had to stop while she was ahead. Something kept drawing her toward him; an uncontrollable and irrepressible force. Forgetting all about the consequences of a broken heart, she ignored her own rules. The sweet sensation made it too good to walk away.
Ryan lowered their hands and guided her body to rock back and forth against his in a perfect medley. Her hair swirled around his face, capturing and locking his body to hers.
“Where’s all that air comin’ from?” Ryan whispered into her ear.
“I don’t know.” Natalie hadn’t noticed how windy it had become until he mentioned it. She didn’t care. She didn’t want this body rocking experience to stop.
“Damn, Natalie you are so…” His breath was ragged and warm against her ear.
It sent a shiver across her body and a strong gust of wind surrounded them. The more she tried to pull away, the stronger the air became. The wind seemed to interweave a blanket around them, binding them closer together. She looked up, trying to find the source of the air.
“Your body feels incredible.” His lips brushed against her earlobe, igniting every nerve ending in her body.
She couldn’t control herself any longer. She allowed her hands to roam across his chest, taking in every part of his muscular contours. “So does yours,” she breathed heavily.
Ryan took her hands in his and put them around his neck. Their eyes locked once again and she felt his heart pumping in tune with hers. Her lip quivered as she drew closer to his mouth. She could taste the salty beads of sweat that outlined his upper lip. She opened her mouth and felt a gust of wind move through her body. The weird sensation trickled down her veins to all her extremities leaving her feeling light and airy.
She ignored the light-as-a feather sensation and followed Ryan’s movements. Their lips locked and her body shivered with excitement. His lips were moist and hot. She kissed him deeply and passionately. In a matter of seconds, her body went limp and desire filled every part of her. She knew where she wanted this to go. Her mind told her to stop. Oh, but everything else told her not to. What am I doing? It took all of her strength to stop kissing him.
She pushed away. “I’m sorry Ryan. I can’t…I just can’t do this right now.”
“What?” He looked at her with confusion.
She covered her mouth and without saying a word she turned and ran off the dance floor.

Chapter 3: A Leap of Faith

Staring into the mirror, Natalie watched the sweat collect on her temples. She closed her eyes and took several deep breaths. Slowly, she reopened them. Her face burned with heat and chill bumps ran down her arms. She braced herself, holding onto the sides of the clear glass basin. When she reached for the faucet, her left hand vanished into thin air. Immediately, she looked at her right hand. She gasped and stumbled a few steps back, pressing up against the bathroom door. She could see through the flesh of her skin.
“What in the—” she held both hands in front of her face. Fear consumed every part of her and the walls seemed to be closing in, trapping her. Gradually, her arms withered away and her flesh evaporated into the air. Her body began to feel lighter and lighter until it completely disappeared. Even though she could not see her body she felt the space she occupied. Panic rose up through her causing her heart to beat rapidly.
“No…no… no! Somebody help me … please!”
Natalie shot straight up from the bed. Her breathing was ragged and her head swayed back and forth. Her clothes clung to her body, drenched in sweat. She held up her hands in front of her. She sighed, “Oh thank God. What a horrible dream.” She examined the rest of her body, making sure everything was visible.
A sense of relief settled in and her heart relaxed. The sunlight shined brightly through the wall of windows in the guest bedroom of her aunt’s condo and she wondered how long she had slept. She rummaged through the Egyptian cotton sheets for her cell phone. Checking her phone, she saw that she had several missed calls and text messages from Lise and another number she didn’t recognize. Before she had a chance to read them her phone rang. Even though she didn’t feel like talking to Lise, she took the call.
“Hello.” Natalie cleared her throat a few times.
“Nat? Thank God you answered. Where are you? I’ve been calling and texting you all night. What happened to you?”
“Lise, calm down. I’m fine.”
“I’m sorry about last night. I don’t know what got into me. I didn’t mean to be so rude.”
“Forget about it.” Natalie shook her head. She had no idea why Lise had acted that way with her in front of Ryan and Sal. It seemed unlike her because she always showed concern for Natalie, eager to help with any problems.
“Where are you?”
“I stayed at Sharon’s last night.” Natalie ran her fingers through her matted hair, wondering how it got so messed up.
“Why did you leave? What happened? Ryan said you got upset and ran off the dance floor. I looked for you for over an hour.” Lise breathed heavily, like she was walking or running.
“I’m sorry, I had to go.” Natalie sighed. She heard Lise still breathing heavily. “What are you doing? Why are you breathing so hard?”
“I’m on the treadmill. Can you believe it?”
“Seriously?”
“Yeah, come to find out Sal likes to exercise too. Enough about me, tell me what happened? Did Tony upset you that bad or did Ryan do something?”
Natalie didn’t feel like talking about what happened between her and Ryan. She needed to think through everything first before saying anything to Lise. “No, I’ll tell you about it later. I’m going to shower and then I’ll be back at the dorm.”
“Do you want me to come and pick you up?” She heard a couple of beeps in the background followed by Lise taking several deep breaths.
Natalie thought about it for a second. Even though she had on a t-shirt and shorts she found in one of Sharon’s dresser drawers, she would rather have her own clothes. “Sure. Can you bring me some clothes too? I really don’t want to go back to the dorm wearing the dress I had on last night. You know how that looks.”
“Yeah, unfortunately I do. I just finished exercising, so I’ll be there shortly. What unit does she live in again?”
“Unit 2405. Hey Lise, thanks.”
“Don’t worry about it. That’s what friends are for, remember?”
Natalie smiled. “I know, see you in a bit.”
She hung up her cell phone and set it down next to her. What happened last night? She had never reacted that way to a guy before, not even with Tony. Especially one she didn’t even know that well. She always thought through her actions before reacting, considering all the consequences. There was something about being with him that made her lose complete control.
She slumped down into the bed and closed her eyes, recalling the feelings that overcame her when they were talking and dancing. She pulled up the covers over her mouth, hiding the smile and giggles she couldn’t keep in. Ryan made her nervous but at the same time she found comfort in his arms. How could that be?
Carefully, she traced back through her mind and tried to remember what had happened. When she licked her dry and cracked lips, she tasted salt; the salt that once outlined Ryan’s full lips. She touched them and recalled the passionate and intense kiss they shared. Shivers ran through her body from head to toe. Despite the incredible kiss they shared, a strike of pain to her heart told her she did the right thing by pulling away and running out the door.
Natalie tried to ignore that voice telling her not to get involved with him. For some reason she couldn’t stop thinking about him. She knew she had to stop this from going any further. Getting hurt again was not an option. Besides, school took priority over everything and falling for Ryan would only mean one thing, disaster. However, she couldn’t deny her feelings and wondered if Ryan felt the same thing too.

***

Natalie packed her clothes into her duffle bag. “Are you sure you don’t want to come home with me?”
Lise shook her head. “No, that’s okay. I’m going to stay here and hang out.”
“I’m sorry you can’t go home.” Natalie continued to gather her things, anxious to get on the road to see her family. She had two weeks off before summer classes and the start of her internship.
“It’s okay. My mom is so busy with her job, traveling and stuff… it wouldn’t be worth the flight or drive home.” Lise, an only child with divorced parents, didn’t have much family. She rarely talked to her father and hadn’t seen him in years. Her mother worked constantly and made her social life a priority, kind of like Natalie’s Aunt Sharon. The fourteen hour drive to Atlanta made going home for the weekend impossible and her mother had never visited Lise since she started college. That made Natalie grateful for her family, even though they sometimes drove her crazy.
“I’ll be back next Wednesday. So you won’t be by yourself too long.”
Lise stood in front of the mirror, fixing her makeup. “Oh, you don’t have to worry about me. I can hang out with Macie, even though I don’t care to. Besides, I’m sure I’ll be hanging out with Sal, since he’s not going home either.”
Natalie looked at Lise through the mirror. “That’s why you don’t want to go home with me. Do yourself a favor and take this slow.”
“I know. Besides, he’s not that type of guy.” Her voice had a hint of disappointment.
Natalie narrowed her eyes. “What do you mean?”
“He actually didn’t want to have sex with me. Can you believe it?” Lise laughed, but Natalie could hear the bitterness and knew that it upset her. Lise tossed a make-up brush in her cosmetic bag and shrugged it off, like it was no big deal.
“That’s good. I mean… take your time, get to know him.” She wanted to tell her to wait because even when you think you know someone really well, you don’t.
“Maybe he’s gay?”
Natalie shook her head. “I don’t think so. I didn’t get that vibe.”
Lise started working on her hair, teasing it and pinning it to the side with bobby clips. “Yeah, me either. However, I never had a guy turn me down.”
“Maybe you shouldn’t try so hard.” Natalie gathered her dirty clothes and stuffed them into her laundry bag.
“What?” Lise’s voice sounded irritated.
“What I’m trying to say is don’t be the aggressor. You’re the girl. Girls shouldn’t be trying to seduce guys for sex.” Natalie turned around, avoiding further eye contact with Lise. Talks likes this made her uncomfortable.
Lise started laughing. “Since when did you become my mother? Or Dr. Phil? Not to be rude or anything, but you’re no expert.”
Luckily, Natalie didn’t take offense to her comment. She preferred not being an expert on this subject. She sat down on the edge of her bed. “Sorry. I’m trying to prevent you from getting hurt, like I did.” She thought Tony was the right guy and hated that she gave herself to him.
“No offense Nat, but I’m tougher than you. Besides, sex is just sex. It’s no big deal. Not to mention, I can’t resist when it comes to Sal. He’s damn hot.” Lise turned back around to examine herself in the mirror. “Do you think he will continue to refuse me?”
Natalie shrugged her shoulders. “I don’t know.” They definitely didn’t agree when it came to sex. She hated to think it, but one day Lise would get hurt and maybe then she’d have more respect for herself. Until then she would be Lise, always learning the hard way. “So, are you on your way to hang out with Sal?”
“Yep. We’re going to the movies.” Lise stopped teasing her hair. “Hey, why don’t you and Ryan go to the movies with us? We can go on a double date.”
“No. I told you. I’m not going out with Ryan. I can’t get involved with him.” Natalie gathered her things and doubled-checked to make sure she had everything.
“I don’t know why you keep ignoring his calls and text messages. The guy felt really bad about what happened on the dance floor. Which sounded like nothing, based on what both of you told me.”
Natalie picked up her cell phone. She saw that she had four text messages and two missed phone calls from him. She really wanted to talk to him but refused to give in to her desires. She would only get hurt again.
“He likes you a lot, Nat.”
“How do you know that?” She looked up from her phone.
“Oh, ummm….” Lise stuck her head in her closet.
“Lise, why do you keep interfering after I already told you I don’t want to go out with him? First, you gave him my number without asking me and now you’re trying to plan a double date for us. I still can’t believe you called and told him I was okay without asking me if I wanted him to know.” Natalie took a deep breath and pressed her lips together. She didn’t want to say anything she would later regret.
“I’m sorry. He was really worried about you and when I couldn’t find you or get a hold of you, he asked for your number so I gave it to him. Besides, Sal told me that Ryan said he couldn’t stop thinking about you.” Lise pulled her head out of the closet. “You’re not supposed to know that and neither am I. Ryan apparently told Sal in confidence.”
Natalie’s heart rate automatically doubled. Was he really thinking about her the way she was thinking about him? Surely not. Giddiness swept across her. She fell back on her bed, holding the phone close to her chest. She glanced over at Lise. “Seriously?”
“Yeah. I don’t know why you keep pretending you don’t like him. I can see it all over your face.”
Natalie covered her face with her pillow. A few seconds later she tossed the pillow to the side. “Is it that obvious?”
“Uh, yeah. I know that jerk really hurt you but Ryan seems like a good guy.”
Natalie smirked. “They always do.”
“You need to call him. Besides, he’s freakin’ hot too.”
Natalie narrowed her eyes at Lise. She wouldn’t put it past her to try and hit on Ryan.
“Don’t worry, I already know what you’re thinking and he’s not my type. He’s a little too country for me. Besides, I think fate brought you two together. I mean what a coincidence that you two ran into each other here?”
Natalie thought about what Lise said. Was it fate? Or another heartbreak waiting to happen? The phone rang, interrupting her thoughts. She glanced at the number on the screen. It took her a whole second to realize that number belonged to Ryan. A rush of adrenaline hit and her body tingled with excitement. Without thinking, she hit the answer key.
“Hello?” She quickly searched her mind for something to say. Her body tensed with fear and her head spun.
“eHe..llo, Natalie? It’s me, Ryan. Ryan Garrett.” Instantly, her body wilted at the sound of his rugged voice.
“Hi.”
“Thanks for taking my call. I’m not trying to stalk you or anything. I...ummm…just ummm….wanted to apologize for any inappropriate behavior the other night. I don’t know what got into me.”
“It’s okay. It’s my fault, not yours.” She searched for the right words but her mind was blank.
“No, it’s not all your fault. I’m guilty too.”
“I guess we are both to blame to a certain extent.” Natalie noticed Lise looking at her.
“Who’s that?” Lise whispered.
Natalie ignored her and kept her attention on Ryan.
“I didn’t mean to upset you to the point where you had to run off. I went after you but I couldn’t find you. That’s when I told Lise and Sal, and we all went looking for you. I’m not sure if she told you that. I asked for your number and she gave it to me. I hope you don’t mind.” Ryan cleared his throat.
“Yes, she told me. I’m sorry I ran out on you Ryan­­­—”
“OMG! Are you talking to Ryan?” Lise blurted out.
Natalie covered the phone with her hand and motioned for Lise to go away. Lise held up her hands, waiting for an answer so Natalie nodded, confirming her question. Lise smiled and winked, and then went back to getting dressed.
“Sorry. What I’m trying to say is that I’ve got issues.” Natalie didn’t know how else to put it. He probably thought she was an immature girl that couldn’t even handle being kissed by a guy. She didn’t want to tell him the real reason. She barely knew him and even though he saw how Tony acted, he wouldn’t understand.
“We all do, Natalie. You’re not alone.” His voice, sincere and heavy all at the same time, told her he did understand.
For a moment she sensed a closeness being formed between them. She closed her eyes and kept silent. Her heart kept telling her to not be scared but her mind told her the opposite.
“Despite what happened, I’d like to see you again.”
Her eyes popped opened. Her heart leaped into her throat urging her to say yes. Her head continued to warn her otherwise. She promised herself she would not get involved with another guy for a long time. “I don’t think it’s a good time right now. I’m about to head home for the week.”
Ryan hesitated for a second. “Natalie, I know I will have regrets if I don’t tell you that… I can’t stop thinking about you. I know I felt something between us. Something I have never felt before and I think you felt it too.”
OMG, he felt it too. “I… I don’t know.”
Lise motioned to her with praying hands, mouthing the words, “Please.”
Natalie ignored her.
“Don’t deny what you’re feeling. I know you’re scared of getting hurt again. But you know what…so am I,” Ryan said with vigor.
The more she tried to discount her emotions, the need to be with him intensified. She took a deep breath and held it for a second. She wanted to say yes, but was afraid.
“Please go out with me. We can do something laid-back, like dinner and a movie. I really want to see you again. I… can’t stop thinking about you.”
She couldn’t resist the plea in his voice and all the emotions he stirred up in her. The words slid out of her mouth effortlessly. “Okay. How about when I get back?”
“You will?” His voice raised about five octaves. “Alright.” He chuckled slightly, apparently pleased with his tactics of persuading her.
Natalie smiled. “I’ll give you a call when I get back.”
“Sounds good. Be careful. Talk to ya soon.”
“Bye.” Natalie hung up the phone and let out a long and drawn out sigh. What did she just agree to do? Why wasn’t she following her own rules? She knew she was setting herself up for another broken heart.
“OMG, Nat. You have to be the most difficult date ever. Poor guy. He must really like you if he’s willing to work that hard.”
Natalie rolled her eyes at Lise. “I’m not difficult.”
Lise broke out in laughter and threw her arms up in the air. “Whatever.”
“I don’t like to jump into things without thinking through them first.” Natalie lashed back.
“Ouch.” Lise put her hand over her heart.
“Sorry, but it’s the truth.” Natalie got up and gathered her things.
“I really wish you would stay so we could double date. You can always leave tomorrow. Please?” Lise begged.
“No, I already told my parents I’m coming home today. I need to get going so I can get home by dinner time. I’m dying for a good home cooked meal.”
“You and me both.” Lise pouted and then picked up her laundry bag. “Come on, I’ll help you take your stuff to your car.”

***

“Mom… Dad, I’m home.” Natalie came in through the back door from the garage. She set her bags down and walked into the kitchen area.
Her mom, Gloria, leaned over the stove cooking. “Mija. I’m so glad you’re home. I missed you.” Her mom rushed to her side and hugged her.
“It feels good to be home.” Natalie embraced her mom and returned a kiss on her cheek.
“So you’re doing okay? I’ve been worried about you.” Her mom stroked her hair. “I hate that you’re over there by yourself, trying to get over Tony. Maybe you should come home and go to school here.”
Natalie pulled back from her mom’s thin, bony arms. She didn’t feel like hearing her mom’s persistent nagging. Growing up in a typical middle-class Hispanic home meant close family ties. She loved her family but she also liked not living in the same town. At first, her parents didn’t want her to leave for college. Since her aunt lived in Austin and Tony and his dad were moving there, they agreed to let her leave.
“I’m fine, Mom. Did you highlight your hair?” She wanted to change the subject quickly.
“Yes. Do you like the blonde color they used? Does it make me look younger?” Her mom ran her fingers through her shoulder length hair.
“Now you sound like Aunt Sharon.”
Her mom gave her one of those stares.
“Sorry.” She had to think of how to take back what she said. “It does make you look younger and the blonde makes your brown eyes lighter too.” She knew her mom hated being compared to her sister. Even though her mom was only a few years younger than Sharon, she felt like Sharon was always competing with her.
“How is your Aunt Sharon? I haven’t talked to her in a few weeks.”
“She’s doing fine. In fact, she’s headed to Europe for the summer and asked me to stay at her place when I can.”
“Oh really, that will be good. It gives you a chance to get out of that small dorm room. Do you think she’s staying with one of her boyfriends?”
Natalie shrugged her shoulders. “When it comes to her, no telling.”
“Please be careful and take care of her place. She has really expensive furniture. So that means no parties!”
“I know, Mom. Besides, when have you known me to throw a party?”
Her mom smiled. “Never.”
“Exactly. So where’s everyone at?”
“Your dad isn’t home from work yet and your grandmother’s taking a nap—”
“Nat, you’re home.” Laura, Natalie’s little sister, came up from behind, hugging her. Natalie turned around and greeted her with open arms.
“Hi Laura. Wow, you’ve really grown.” She placed her hand on top of her sister’s head, measuring her height against her chest.
“Yep, I’m wearing a size eight now.”
“Before long, you’ll be wearing my clothes.” Natalie sang out. “Which reminds me, I’ve got something for you.” She pointed to her bag.
Laura scurried over to one of Natalie’s bags and pulled out a package of gummy bears. “Oh, my favorite. Thanks, Nat.”
“You’re welcome.”
A door slammed shut and a tall and lean guy walked into the kitchen. “Man, I can smell the food all the way outside. I’m starving.”
“Ummm… a hello would be nice.” Natalie watched her brother lean over the stove, stealing a piece of chicken out of the pan.
Gabriel popped the chicken in his mouth and turned around. “Hey sis,” he said with a mouth full, “I didn’t even see you.”
“I see you haven’t forgotten how to ignore me.” Natalie put her hands on her hips.
He walked over to her and picked her up in a tight bear hug. He spun her around a few times.
Natalie squealed. “Put me down.”
“Dang, girl. What are you eating or should I say lifting?” He let her go and she took a step back to gain her balance. She gave him a brotherly punch on the forearm. “I’m not fat.”
He rubbed his arm. “Owww. I don’t mean you’re fat. I’m talkin’ about your muscles. How much are you lifting? You’ve got some power behind that fist of yours.”
Natalie snickered. “I don’t know. Maybe five to ten pounds more than I used to. I think it’s the vitamins and protein I’ve been taking.”
He reached over and squeezed her right bicep. “Just keep it up and you’ll have arms like mine.” He flexed his arms, showing off his lean muscles. “I’ve been working out too, ya know.”
Natalie rolled her eyes and shook her head. Although only fifteen, he was maturing fast and would pass her up before long.
“What vitamins are you taking?” Her mom turned around and looked her up and down thoroughly.
“The ones I volunteered to test out. They are from the pharmaceutical company I’m going to be interning at.”
“Oh. You didn’t tell me you volunteered to test out anything. When did you start taking them?”
“Back in January. I told you and you even asked me when we were in Chicago during spring break for Alicia’s wedding. Remember?”
Her mom’s brow furrowed. “I barely remember. I don’t know if I like you being a test patient for any drugs. There’s always some sort of side effects. You’ve heard the commercials that list all the possible dangers.”
“Mom, I’m not testing out any drugs. It’s only vitamins and protein drinks. You know me… I’m very cautious and I do my homework. I checked them out and they are perfectly safe. Not only do I get them for free but I get paid to take them too, which makes it even better.”
“Oh, all right. Just be careful. And your brother’s right. You will start looking like him if you keep lifting so much weight. Your shoulders are already getting broad. It can ruin your figure and you don’t want to look like those weightlifting women, do you?”
Natalie sighed. “Oh mom, please. Lifting weights is good for the body. You should try it.”
Her mom shook her head. “No thank you. I’ll just stick to power walking.”
“You’re lucky that you’re naturally thin.” Natalie saw her grandmother making her way slowly into the kitchen with her walker. For the past five years, her grandmother had been living with her family. Her father refused to put his mother in a nursing home when her health started to deteriorate and her memory began to fade.
“Abuelita, it’s so good to see you. Como estas?” Natalie spoke in half English and Spanish. Carefully, she embraced her grandmother’s frail body.
Her grandmother’s bony hands embraced Natalie’s face. Her lower lip quivered when she tried to speak. “Bien mija. Saliste de la escuela?”
“Si abuelita. I’m home for a week. I have to go back for summer school and work.”
Her grandmother smiled. “Asi es mi niña. Nunca cese con sus ambiciones.” Her grandmother had been an inspiration and a role model for her since she was little. She taught Natalie to not be satisfied with the ordinary things in life. She encouraged her to reach for the stars and keep on reaching until you were living and watching your dreams unfold right in front of you.
Natalie smiled back. “Don’t worry Grandma, I won’t let you down.”
“Adonde esta su novio, Tony?”
Natalie’s heart dropped to her stomach. Why did she have to bring him up? Didn’t her mother tell her that they broke up? Her head dropped down to her chest. A lump formed in the back of her throat and tears filled her eyes.
Natalie’s mom quickly interjected. “Don’t you remember, Rosa? I told you they weren’t together anymore?”
Her grandmother squinted through her heavy lensed glasses as though trying to remember that conversation. “Ay, si. Lo siento mija.” She leaned forward and kissed the tears rolling down her cheek. “You will find love again. Don’t let your heart go cold.”
Natalie wiped the tears away. “I know Grandma, but it hurts.”
Her grandmother nodded. “Yo sè.” She reached up and tucked the strands of hair that hung in front of Natalie’s face behind her ear. “Have faith. God will send you the right boy.”
Natalie smiled. “I hope so.”

***

Later that week, Natalie sat in her bedroom browsing through all of her high school yearbooks. They brought back so many memories, some good and some bad, thanks to Tony. She opened up her yearbook from her sophomore year and turned to the seniors. Her hand wavered for a second and then she thumbed through the pages until she found Ryan’s picture.
He looked almost the same except his face had matured. When she came across a full length picture of him she saw how his body had definitely filled out even more. She figured he had to be at least twenty or twenty-one; maybe twenty since he wasn’t drinking that night at the bar. However, they didn’t card anyone that night so she couldn’t be certain. She continued to flip through the pages until she came to Jennifer Shaw.
Jen, or that’s what everyone called her, was voted the ‘most’ everything. She was a gorgeous blonde-haired, blue-eyed girl with curves in all the right places. Natalie couldn’t compete with Jen. How was Ryan even interested in her?
Skimming through the book, she saw Ryan and Jen were in most of the pictures. Natalie wondered what she did to him that caused him so much pain. Besides leaving him when he got hurt, there had to be something more to the story. Natalie remembered seeing Jen constantly flirt with all the guys at school so her guess was easy. Jen had cheated on him. Just like Tony had cheated on her. It gave her a sick feeling in the pit of her stomach.
Natalie got up and walked to the mirror hanging on her closet door. She stared at herself, combing through her long dark hair with her fingers. Her straight and limp hair clung to her head. She twirled the ends around her fingers. She liked the way Lise fixed her hair the other day and thought that maybe she should start curling her hair more often.
She removed her glasses and stared at herself. She liked the way she looked without them and Ryan had even made a comment too. Maybe she would wear her contacts instead of her glasses. She leaned forward to study her face. She was grateful she had a good complexion, hence the reason why she never bothered to wear much makeup. She didn’t need to. However, she also liked the way Lise did her makeup. It made her pale blue eyes stand out and it did make her feel pretty.
She straightened out her old UT t-shirt and cotton shorts. She couldn’t remember the last time she bought something new. Maybe she would go shopping and buy some new clothes, a curling iron, and new makeup. She had some money saved up and her mom did ask her earlier if she wanted to go shopping tomorrow. Shopping with her mom would be fun since her mom loved to buy clothes and accessorize. She didn’t take after her mom or her Aunt Sharon and her mom’s opinion would be helpful.
She gathered up her yearbooks and put them back on the bookshelf. Even though it was only 9:00 p.m., she wanted to catch up on her sleep. Going to summer school and working would be tough and she needed to start fresh. She flipped off the bedroom light and the second she crawled into bed, her cell phone chimed. Before she could get to the phone on her dresser, it chimed again. She saw that she had two messages; one from Lise and the other one from Ryan.
Instantly her heart began to race. Why did she get so excited and nervous every time she heard from him? She decided to read Lise’s message first:
Guess what? Ryan went home today. Call him.
Natalie shook her head. Why was Lise so persistent?
She texted back:
I’ll think about it.
She waited for a second and then went to Ryan’s message:
Just wanted to say hi.
She texted back:
Hey, how’s it going?
Immediately he responded:
Good. I’m actually home. I had to come help my brother w/the ranch.
She anxiously typed back:
Really?
He replied:
Yes. Would you like to come over tomorrow?
Her heart beat wildly. She wanted to see him but didn’t want to seem desperate. She hesitated and then texted the following:
I don’t think I can. I’m going shopping tomorrow with my mom.
A minute later he responded:
How about a horse ride on Saturday?
A horse ride? She hadn’t ridden a horse in several years. In middle school, she rode all the time. More than likely, it would be at his ranch which meant his family would be there and that made her feel more relaxed.
She replied:
Let me think about it. Won’t it be hot?
He texted back:
Not if you get here around 10.
He had a point and she wanted to see him. Then her head warned her again. The more she thought about it, she could hear her grandmother’s voice from the other day. “Have faith. God will send the right guy.” What if Ryan was that right guy? She had to take that leap of faith if she was ever going to find love again.
She sighed, praying she was making the right decision. She texted him:
Okay, see you at 10.




Chapter 4: Feelings Unleashed

“Good morning, mija. You’re up early for a Saturday. Are you going somewhere?” Natalie’s dad, Richard, leaned over and kissed her on the forehead.
Natalie swallowed a mouthful of cereal. “Morning dad. Yes, I’m… ummm… going horseback riding.”
“Oh, you are? Where at?” Her dad walked over and poured himself a cup of coffee.
Using her spoon, she pushed the squares of cereal down to the bottom of the bowl. She had nothing to hide from her dad and she respected their request of honoring the rules while being home. However, she didn’t feel like being asked a thousand questions. It wouldn’t help the apprehensiveness lurking in the back of her mind about her decision.
“She’s going to a boy’s house.” Her sister giggled as milk seeped out the sides of her mouth. “Oops.” She grabbed a napkin and cleaned her mouth.
“Thanks, Laura.” She gave her sister a less than friendly smile. “I’m headed over to Ryan Garrett’s house to go horseback riding.”
Natalie’s mom walked into the kitchen, catching the tail end of the conversation. “Garrett. That’s not the Garrett’s on FM 1886 is it?” She wore a robe and her hair wrapped up in a towel. She had that fresh fruity smell of apples and freesia that told Natalie she had just finished her morning beauty routine.
“Yes, Mom, it is.” She prepared herself for the interrogation.
“So how do you know their son? Isn’t he a few years older than you?” Her mother started the slew of questions.
“Yeah, he graduated two years before me.”
Her mom took a coffee cup out of the cabinet and poured herself a cup of the morning brew. “Doesn’t he go to college here? Oh wait a minute, I think I remember one of the neighbors telling me that he got hurt and lost his scholarship.” Her mom stirred her coffee slowly, squinting her eyes, as though trying to recall the gossip she heard.
Natalie waited for her mom to put the pieces together or continue asking her more questions. She looked over at her dad. His eyes narrowed and he rustled the newspaper in his hands. He had no problem tuning his wife out. She didn’t blame him because she wanted to do the same.
He snapped the newspaper closed. “Aside from school, how do you know Ryan?” He sipped on his coffee, blowing the steam away in between swallows. His blue-green eyes stayed fixed on her, waiting for her answer.
“He transferred this past year to UT. We ran into each other at Kronberg Laboratories, where we will both be interning this summer.” For whatever reason, her dad’s method of questioning didn’t bother her, unlike her mom’s. Probably because she thought and acted much like he did.
“Oh. Well, have a good time and be careful. It’s been a while since you have ridden a horse.”
“I know dad, I’ll be—”
“Oh wow. What a coincidence that he ended up down in Austin with you. Maybe you two can ride home together. That would make me feel so much better knowing that you wouldn’t be driving alone. I know you have a cell phone…” Natalie’s mother continued to ramble.
“That’s what Lise said.” Natalie managed to get a few words in.
“That you could ride home together?” Her mom held the coffee cup with both hands.
“No, Mom,” Natalie shook her head, “that it was a coincidence that we ran into each other in Austin.” She bit her lower lip and held back any disrespectful remarks.
“Oh.” It took a few seconds before her mom’s eyes lit up. “So that’s why you wanted to go shopping yesterday.”
Natalie’s dad smiled at her. She wanted to cover her face. Her mom always knew how to embarrass her. The clock in the living room struck 9:30. She sighed in relief. Saved by the bell, thank God.
“I better go. I don’t want to be late.” She shot up, causing the chair to skid across the tile floor. She fumbled to collect her breakfast dishes along with the milk and box of cereal.
“Don’t worry about it. I’ll clean up later.” Her mom motioned for her to set them back down.
“Thanks, Mom.” Regardless of her mom’s constant questioning and nagging, she appreciated how considerate and caring she could be.
She kissed her dad bye and walked over to her mom. “Aside from my date today, I really did need some new clothes that fit.”
“And new makeup and curling iron too? By the way, mija, you look beautiful. He’ll be impressed.” Her mom hugged her and fixed her hair, ensuring the waves fell to the front of her face. Natalie smiled and wondered if she did this for herself or to impress him? Maybe it was a little of both.
“And she’s not wearing her glasses.” Laura chimed in.
Her dad spoke up. “I noticed that.”
“I thought it would be wise to wear my contacts instead.” She tried to justify why she didn’t wear them.
“I also took her picture this morning with her phone. Let me show you.” Laura rushed over to her side and tried to grab Natalie’s phone from her hand.
Natalie raised her hand out of Laura’s reach. She shook her head and motioned for her sister to be quiet. She didn’t like to boast or seek attention by taking pictures of herself. In fact, she only allowed her sister to take the pic so she would stop hounding her.
“I’ll let you show them later. I need to leave.” Natalie winked at her sister.
“Promise?”
“Yes. I promise.” She slid her phone into her back pocket and took her keys from the bar. “I’ll be back later.”
“Be careful.” Her dad reminded her, waving from the table.

***

Natalie crossed under the wrought iron metal sign that said ‘Garrett Ranch’ and drove up the gravel road. She had passed his family’s ranch a million times growing up and never once did she ever think she would be asked to visit. Flutters circled around in her stomach and she prayed she wouldn’t later regret eating this morning. She told herself she had nothing to be nervous about but the butterflies didn’t stop.
Hidden behind tall bushes and stout oak and pecan trees was the large white ranch-style house trimmed with evergreen shutters and a large wraparound porch. It overlooked acres of farmland with barns spread out here and there. Red and pink petunias outlined the pavestone walkway leading from the road to the house. She pulled her car up the driveway and parked behind a black pickup truck. Next to it, her Mazda looked like a toy car. The tires were almost the same size as her little silver car.
She walked up the stairs to the front porch and rang the doorbell. She fiddled with her keys, waiting patiently for someone to answer. When no one came to the door, she decided to walk around back. She looked around but didn’t see Ryan or anyone else. She waited awhile and then pulled out her cell phone and dialed his number. It went straight to voice mail.
“Darn,” she muttered under her breath. She hit the end call button and slid the phone back into her pocket. The thought of leaving crossed her mind. When she turned to walk back to her car she saw out of the corner of her eye someone coming out of a nearby barn. She lifted her sunglasses and placed them on top of her head to get a better view of the guy wearing a cowboy hat, plaid button down shirt, and faded blue jeans walking in her direction. A surge of adrenaline hit her veins and immediately she knew it was Ryan.
He glanced up, holding his cell phone in his hand. Natalie pressed her lips firmly together, trying to keep from smiling. Happiness flowed through her, making it difficult. He waved his arms in the air and gave a big Texas smile. She gave a small wave back.
“Good mornin’.” He adjusted his cowboy hat.
“Hi. Thanks for inviting me. I rang the doorbell, but no one answered.” Natalie glanced back at the house, wondering if anyone had come to the door after all.
“Sorry. I forgot to tell ya that my parents and sister are out of town. They went to buy a steer. It’s just me and my brother … and his family. They live in the house out back.” Ryan pointed behind him with his thumb.
“Oh. Okay.” Even though he wore a cowboy hat, she noticed how light his brown eyes looked in the bright sunlight. They had streaks of gold that glistened when the light hit them the right way.
“Let’s go inside for a minute, if ya don’t mind. I wanna grab a few bottles of water before we head out.”
Natalie nodded, trying to keep her focus on the conversation. For some reason, she couldn’t stop checking him out. “Sure.”
She walked by his side, to the house, when a strong breeze swept down and knocked his hat off his head. He tried to catch his hat but ended up stumbling forward. She reached up, catching his hat before it blew away.
“Good catch.”
She handed him his hat, completely surprised that she caught it too. “A lucky catch I guess.”
Another gust of wind blew, surrounding her in a chamber of bergamot and sandalwood. It traveled up her nose and through her body, melting everything along the way. Why did his smell intoxicate her to the point of bringing her down to her knees? Another wave of dizziness hit her like a brick wall. Her head throbbed and pulsated causing an incessant panic to rise in her heart. She stopped and held her hands out to the side of her body. “Whoa… not again.”
“Hey, are you okay?” Ryan put his arm around her.
“Yeah, sorry.” She held a hand up to her head, willing herself to take control of the situation. Within seconds the dizziness faded away.
He removed his arm but stayed close by her. “Have you called your doctor yet?”
She inhaled deeply and let out a long breath. She lowered her hand and glanced at him. “No. To be honest, I forgot about it. I haven’t had any more dizzy spells since last week, so it didn’t cross my mind. I guess I’ll call Monday.”
“Do you think it’s a good idea to go ridin’? I mean, we don’t have to go if you don’t feel well.”
Natalie thought about what he said. Despite the dizzy spell, she wanted to spend time with him and get to know him. “Let’s go inside for a while and see how I feel.”
“Okay.” He led her inside the house.
The old wooden floors creaked, indicating years of passing feet, shuffling in and out of the country-style home. She followed him into an airy and brightly sunlit room, filled with pictures on every wall. They all told a story of how his family had grown over the years. She noticed a few pictures of him and Sal when they were young.
“Are you and Sal related?”
“Yes, we are cousins. Our moms are sisters. I guess I forgot to mention that to you.”
“I actually see a resemblance between you two.” She pointed to one of the pictures on the wall. Then she looked at a family portrait. “Are these your parents?”
“Yes, that’s my mom, dad, my brother Lance and my sister, Ellen.”
“So, are you like half Mexican? I mean, not that it matters.” She hoped the question didn’t sound rude.
“Yeah, I am. My mom’s Mexican and my dad is White.” Ryan removed his hat and set it on a nearby end table. He pulled out a handkerchief from his pocket and wiped his forehead. That explained his tawny skin tone and sandy brown hair and brown eyes.
“Me too! How wild is that? My mom is White and my dad is Mexican. Vega… obviously.”
“That is wild. I guess you get your blue eyes from your mom?” Ryan walked up behind her. She could still smell his manly scent, swirling around her and latching on to her.
“Actually, I get my eyes and hair from my dad. Spanish blood…descendants or something. My mom has light brown hair and brown eyes, kind of like you.” She had to take a few silent breaths to clear her airway from his intoxicating aroma that filled the room.
“That’s cool.”
Natalie glanced back him. “You look like both your mom and dad. Except you have more of a golden color to you.”
Ryan rubbed his forearm. “That’s from all the sun I get from being outside.”
“I guess I should get more sun.” She held out her arm in front of her, noticing how light she looked compared to him.
“Well, you have a nice olive skin color. But if you want more sun, it’ll be nice and sunny today, so that shouldn’t be a problem.”
A picture of Ryan with some of his friends caught her attention. She walked over to it and picked it up. “Are these your college friends?”
“Yes, from TCU.” He reached forward took the picture from her hand. By the way his eyes narrowed and the twitch in his mouth she knew it stirred up some memories. When he went to set it down a picture fell out from behind, landing on the wooden floor.
Natalie bent down and picked it up. Elegant handwriting embossed the back of it and when she turned it over she saw Jen, posing in a field of bluebonnets. She quickly lowered the picture, pretending not to notice.
“Here, I’ll put that back.” Ryan stuck out his hand, reaching for the picture. She held out the picture and when he saw Jen in the photo, his hand stopped. “What’s that doin’ in here?”
“I don’t know.” She shrugged her shoulders, not knowing how to respond.
His body tensed and his jaw protruded as though he wanted to rip it apart with his teeth. He took the photo from Natalie’s hand. “I thought I burned everything from her. I bet my mom found this and stuck it behind the other picture.”
“My mom always does stuff like that too. She never throws anything away.” Natalie tried to sympathize and put him at ease.
He let out a slight smirk. “That’s my mom too.” He started to rip the picture in half but Natalie placed her hand on top of his, stopping him.
“You don’t have to do that because I’m here.”
He looked up at her, not saying a word. He released his death grip from the picture and she eased the photo from his hand. She turned the picture frame over and put Jen’s photo behind the other one.
“It will be here if you want to tear or burn it after I leave.” Gently she placed the picture frame back on the shelf.
Ryan’s eyes softened and his body relaxed. “You are the most admirable gal I have ever met. Most gals are jealous of the ex.”
Natalie smiled and shook her head. “I’m not like other girls and I’m sure you’ve met others who are more admirable, pretty, and outgoing than I am.”
“No, I haven’t.” Ryan reached down and took her hand in his. Her heart skipped a beat. The warmth of his touch felt good against her skin. She folded her fingers over his firm, thick hands and held on.
“Let’s sit down.” He led her over to the couch and she followed willingly.
He let go of her hand and rested his arms on the top of his legs. He leaned forward and brought his hands together, twiddling his thumbs. She remained silent, allowing him time to gather his thoughts.
He kept his eyes focused on his hands. “Natalie, you are like no one I’ve ever met before. Maybe that’s why I’m so attracted to you.”
Her body flushed with heat. She sat perched on the edge of the couch, unable to relax. The adrenaline pumping through her veins told her to run, to flee and never come back. Her heart told her to stay put. Her hands gripped the edge of the tapestry-covered sofa, holding on for dear life. Did she really want to have this talk with him?
She sensed him looking at her but couldn’t make eye contact. “You are so beautiful but it’s more than your beauty that attracts me. It’s your personality and the way you act. It’s everything that makes you who you are.”
Natalie sat frozen, unable to respond. Every word he spoke was everything she wanted and needed to hear. Her head reminded her that she had heard those words before. All of them had been lies that crushed her into a pit of agony. She would never fall for words like those again. She had to be smarter than that.
She took a deep breath. “Ryan, I’m flattered by your words but....” She turned her body in his direction and looked up at him. “I don’t think I…” Her eyes caught his gaze and her breath caught in her throat. Why did he make her forget about everything she promised not to do? This uncontrollable attraction was more than she could handle. She would not surrender to it. She didn’t want to take the chance of getting hurt again. The battle between her head and heart overwhelmed her. Then she heard that voice; her grandmother’s voice, reminding her to have faith. Isn’t that why she agreed to the date in the first place?
“I’m sorry, did I say something wrong?” His eyes cried out and she knew he searched for the right words he longed to hear from her.
Oh my God, why can’t I resist him? She turned away, trying to fight the feelings taking over her heart. Why was this so hard? No one had ever made her feel this way before. She couldn’t explain the connection or the relentless force that drove her soul straight to his.
She looked back at Ryan. The calling of his lips and the hunger in his eyes made it easy to break her rules. “I guess what I’m trying to say is that… I’m scared. I’m so scared of getting hurt again.”
He leaned in closer to her. “I’m scared too. We’ve both been hurt before and I don’t think either of us can handle going through that again. All I know is that there is somethin’ about you that drives me…” he breathed out slowly through his nose, “crazy.”
Not only could he not resist her either but he had the same fears as she did. One thing was for certain, he would have to earn her trust and that would take time. She would take the time and get to know him. She peered into his eyes. “So, I drive you crazy?”
He cracked a smile. “I don’t mean crazy, like that. I mean that I can’t stop thinkin’ about you and the way you make me feel.”
She pressed her lips together, contemplating if she should open up to him. He had definitely shown his vulnerability. She figured now it was her turn. She took a deep breath and let it out slowly. “I can’t deny that there is something about the way you make me feel too.” Her hand drew to his arm. “It’s like… magnetic.”
His eyes lit up and he took her hands in his. “Then you do feel what I feel?”
A hum of energy encircled them. She looked down and saw how his hands cradled hers in the shape of a heart. His voice touched a part of her that made her want to surrender everything to him. It overwhelmed her and she struggled to contain her emotions.
She stared directly into his eyes. “Yes, I do and it’s amazing. Just please don’t hurt me.”
“I understand, Natalie. The last thing I want is for you to get hurt and I don’t want you to hurt me either.”
“I promise I won’t… but let’s take this slow. Get to know each other, okay?” She surrendered, laying all her emotions on the table.
“Oh. I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to interrupt you guys.” A pregnant lady walked in holding a small boy’s hand.
Ryan let go of her hands and stood up. “Oh hey Steph, you’re not interrupting. Ummm, let me introduce you to my friend, Natalie Vega.”
Natalie immediately jumped to her feet and met her halfway. “Hi. Nice to meet you.”
“This is my sister-in-law Stephanie and my nephew Colt. Oh and my soon to be born niece, Emma.”
Natalie leaned over and rubbed the boy’s sun bleached hair. “Aren’t you cute?” He hugged his mother’s leg tightly, hiding behind it.
“Lance wanted to let you know that the horses are saddled and ready. He needs to finish mending a fence on the east side of the property so he’s about to drive over there.”
“Okay thanks, Steph. We were getting ready to head out.”
“Did you still want to ride?” Ryan turned to Natalie.
She wanted to ride with him now more than anything. Since there were no signs of dizziness she decided it would be safe. “Yes, I do.”
“I’m going to make some sandwiches for lunch. Nothing big,” Steph said rubbing her stomach. “Would you like to stay?”
Natalie turned to Ryan, waiting for him to ask her.
“Please stay. I’d like for ya to eat with us,” he replied.
She nodded at Steph. “Sure. I’d be happy to.”
“Great. See y’all in a little while.” She turned and walked into the kitchen.
Ryan put his arm around her and she knew without a doubt she had made the right decision to follow her heart. “C’mon let’s go for that ride.” He picked up his hat and led her outside.
“Have you ever ridden before?” Ryan asked as they stepped out the kitchen back door.
“Yes, but it’s been several years. I’m going to need a refresher and probably some guidance.” Natalie put her sunglasses back on, despite the slight haze in the air.
“Okay, no problem.” Ryan put his hat on and adjusted it, bringing it slightly forward where only his dazzling brown eyes showed.
They walked across the yard over to a cowboy holding the reins for two horses. “Natalie, this is my brother Lance. Lance, this is Natalie.”
She extended her hand and said, “Hello.”
He wiped his hand on his dingy jeans and then shook her hand. “Nice to meet ya.” He had a heavier twang than Ryan and they looked very much alike with the exception of Lance being slightly taller and leaner. “So are ya ready to show him how to ride?” He let out a smile and motioned with his head toward Ryan.
She giggled. “I’m sure he’ll be the one showing me.”
She approached the horse slowly and patted him on the nose. “What’s your name?” She stroked the horse’s head, allowing him to get to know her.
“This is Freedom.” Ryan took the reins from Lance. “Freedom, this is your master for today. Treat her well. Ya hear me.” The horse neighed and took a few steps back.
“So, do you remember what to do?” Ryan tugged on the saddle, making sure it was secured on the horse.
“Yeah, I think so. It’s all coming back to me.” Natalie ran her hand down the side of the American Paint horse. “Hi Freedom. You sure are a beautiful horse. I love your markings.” The horse nickered and neighed, giving her the sign to proceed. She prepared to mount the horse when Ryan stopped her.
“Wait a minute. You’re missin’ something.” He held his hand up and then dashed into the barn calling out, “I’ll be right back.”
Natalie checked the saddle but didn’t see anything missing. However, it had been a long time since she’d saddled up a horse.
He returned with a cowgirl hat in his hand. “You’re not complete without this.”
Natalie placed her hand on his, helping him fit the hat on her head. “Whose is this?”
“It’s my sister’s. Do ya mind?”
“No, as long as she doesn’t.” She winked.
“Nah, she won’t mind. Wow, you make a beautiful cowgirl.” Ryan winked backed at her. He knew how to make her smile and she had to admit that she loved being complimented by him. “Can I help you up?”
“Please.” Natalie placed her foot into the stirrup while he held on to the reins, keeping the horse steady.
“Ya good?”
“Yes.” She ensured she had a good grip on the reins and her feet were properly in place.
He walked over to his horse and got on with little effort.
“You guys be careful, ya hear. I’ll be on the east side of the property and will be back in an hour or so.” Lance stepped out of the way.
“Okay. We’ll be back shortly.” Ryan looked over at Natalie. “Let’s start out slow, okay?”
Natalie nodded. “Okay.”
She kept her horse in sync with Ryan’s, walking at a slow pace. The morning sun’s rays peaked over the tall oak trees, preparing to beat the ground with another day of record-breaking heat. They wouldn’t be able to stay out too long so she intended to enjoy every minute of it.
“How large is the ranch? Does it go all the way to the lake?” She raised her sunglasses to get a better view.
“It’s five hundred acres and no, it doesn’t go to the lake. We have a stream that goes through the property, which probably feeds off of the lake.”
“I bet that’s pretty. I’ve always wanted to live by the water. I guess that’s why I like going to my aunt’s condo in Austin. It overlooks Lady Bird Lake. It’s really gorgeous.”
“I bet it is. Have you ever been to Lake Travis?”
“No, I haven’t.” She shifted her weight, trying to get comfortable on the hard leather saddle.
“You’d like it. The water is really clear for a lake.”
“Then we should go sometime,” Natalie responded.
They rode side by side crossing the land, laughing and talking along the way. She found herself opening up more to him because he seemed understanding about many things. Even though she wasn’t ready to share everything, he gave her a sense of security that continued to build on the level of trust she needed from him.
The more they chatted, the more they discovered all the common interests they shared like going to the movies, the beach, swimming, and of course horseback riding. Never in a million years did she ever think he would be attracted to her. For one, she didn’t even seem like his type. He was more of a country guy where she was more of a science nerd. He loved to talk and socialize and she preferred to keep to herself. Regardless, the attraction between them electrified her soul and it made her want to know everything about him and more.
“Gee, everything is so dry.” Natalie observed the sparse layer of green grass they traveled through.
“I know. We need rain badly. My parents said it’s been really dry here. We’ve even lost some cattle. Based on the weather reports, I doubt they’ll be lifting the watering ban anytime soon.”
“That’s horrible. I didn’t realize there were water restrictions in place. I guess I’ve been so busy with school, I haven’t paid much attention to what’s going on up here. Now that you mention it, my parent’s yard isn’t that green either.”
He led the way down a small hill. “This pond used to be bigger. It’s practically dried up now.”
“I guess this global warming is becoming more of a problem.” Natalie noticed the cracked mud where water once reached.
“Yeah, you haven’t seen the reports about it being a worldwide issue?”
“No, I haven’t. I know the news said Austin’s been dryer and hotter than usual and some crops had been affected. I didn’t realize it affected the whole world. Since I’m majoring in biomedical science and not environmental science, I haven’t kept up with the findings. I mean, don’t get me wrong, it concerns me.”
“Oh, I understand. I hope I didn’t insult your knowledge so please—”
“No, it’s okay. You’re just more in tune with it because of the ranch.”
“Yeah, you’re probably right. My parents really wanted me to study agriculture so I could help my brother when they get older.”
“So why don’t you?”
“It’s not what I wanna do. Don’t get me wrong, I love the ranch but I’d rather be with people instead of animals.” He urged his horse to pick up the pace and so did she.
“I understand. So, what’s your major?”
Ryan lifted his cowboy hat and wiped his forehead again with a handkerchief. “I’m a business and marketing major”.
Her horse drifted closer to his, allowing her to watch his every move closely. “That’s cool. What department will you be interning at?”
He glanced over at her and she watched his eyes traveled up and down. He was definitely checking her out. She wondered what he thought about the way she dressed. She hoped the jeans and bedazzled t-shirt her mom picked out for her made her look cute instead of nerdy. As for the boots, her toes hurt and she wondered how much longer she could handle wearing them. She didn’t have enough money to buy new ones, so she wore an old pair that had to be at least a size too small.
“I’ll be working in the sales and marketing division.” He cleared his throat a few times.
“Makes sense, since you like people. I wonder if you and Lise will be working together. She’ll be interning in the marketing department too.”
“Hmmm, I don’t know. I guess I’ll find out week after next. What department will you be interning at?”
“The main lab.”
“That’s awesome. I wonder if you will be working with Dr. Kronberg?”
“I hope so. I can’t wait to meet him.”
Natalie struggled to keep her attention on the path they rode down. Her gaze kept wandering over to him, admiring the way he looked wearing a cowboy hat and fitted shirt which outlined every bulge in his upper body. Not to mention the jeans that hugged his body perfectly. Cowboys never caught her attention in the past but he sure grabbed her’s.
“It feels so free out here. Free from stress, free from the worries of life.” She breathed in the fresh country air, clearing her mind. It felt good to get away and enjoy nature. Something she hadn’t done in a while.
“It is nice out here. That’s why I don’t mind coming home on occasion. I’m glad ya came over.” Ryan reached his hand out and she latched on to it.
“Me too.” They held hands for a short while until the horses drifted further apart and her hand slid from his.
She continued to take in the pure air, allowing it to filter through her airways. She loved the way the air blew through her hair and it made her eager to feel the wind against her entire body. Adrenaline flowed through her veins and she yearned to let Freedom ride freely.
“I’ll race you to the creek!” Natalie leaned forward and gripped the reins tightly and ordered the horse to sprint.
“Natalie….wait! I don’t think —” Ryan yelled out as she darted off.
She ignored his warning and pressed forward. Several yards later she looked over her shoulder and saw Ryan close behind. She laughed and leaned into Freedom, encouraging him to go faster. This was not like her to do something so reckless, but she couldn’t help it. The wind felt liberating as she sped across the open land.
Slowly, she raised her body up and took a deep breath. She felt brave and strong. Without much thought she let go of the reins and raised her hands up high toward the sky. She closed her eyes and imagined herself flying through the air; soaring over the vast open land to the wooded areas and down to the lake. She blocked everything from her mind and concentrated only on the sweet smell of the white jasmine shrubs blooming nearby.
“Natalie. Natalie. Stop! Stop!” Ryan yelled.
Natalie paid no attention to Ryan’s pleas. The feelings going through her body consumed every part of her. Her body was becoming one with nature. The wind seemed to flow through her, lifting her higher and higher. It howled and lashed against her body giving her the sensation of power and strength.
“Natalie….Natalie! Look! Look!” Ryan continued to holler in the distance.
Natalie struggled to separate herself from the wind and break the trance that consumed her. She sensed something was wrong and quickly opened her eyes when she heard Ryan’s frantic cry.
“Natalie. Stop! Stop!”
She grabbed the reins and pulled on them tightly urging Freedom to halt. The horse came to a sudden stop. She looked around trying to figure out why he sounded panicked. He pointed toward the horizon.
“What is that?” Natalie steadied the horse while her eyes took in the implausible sight. “Easy Freedom.” She coaxed the horse but he skittered around nervously.
In the near distance a warm reddish brown haze expanded across the open land. It rolled in, taking the form of a massive cloud, billowing and consuming everything in its path. The haze was headed in their direction.
Breathing heavily, Ryan struggled to speak. “It’s…it’s a dust storm. And it’s moving toward us. We gotta go… now.”
She watched the haze roll in like smoke billowing up from a forest fire. “In North Texas? I thought only West Texas gets dust storms?”
“My family said we’ve been getting them here lately, and they’re violent.” Ryan guided the horses to turn around. “C’mon, let’s go!” Ryan made a tsk tsk noise with his mouth and commanded the horses to move forward. Even though the horses panted heavily, they didn’t hesitate and quickly shifted into a sprint.
“We’ll shoot for the barn... over there. It’s a mile. See it?” The wind made it difficult to hear him, chopping every other word off. She followed his hand in the direction he pointed to and she saw their target destination.
“I can see it. Do you think we’ll make it?” she shouted back.
“I hope so.” Ryan yelled at the top of his lungs.
She glanced over her shoulder. The storm had to be only a few yards away. It didn’t take long for the fresh country air to be replaced by thick, gritty dirt. The horses slowed down as the storm surrounded then. Natalie coughed, inhaling the reddish dust with every breath she took.
Ryan pulled out the handkerchief from his back pocket. He guided his horse closer to Natalie and handed it to her. “Put this on. It’ll help,” he choked out the words, coughing and wheezing.
Natalie nodded and grabbed it from his hand. “What about you?”
Ryan let go of the reigns and took hold of his shirt and ripped it open. “I’ll use this.” He tied it around his face, covering his nose and mouth.
Darkness swiftly filled in between them and she lost sight of him. She reached up and pulled off her sunglasses only to realize that she needed them on. They protected her eyes from the dirt that now stung her eyes and made them water.
“Ryan…Ryan…Where are you?” she called out, her hand wavering back and forth in the dust. The thick and dark air made it impossible for her to find him. Freedom scampered and skittered around nervously in a circle and she struggled to get him under control. Then she heard his horse neighing.
“I’m right here. Where are you? We’ll have to walk the horses.” His voice trailed off, lost in the whirling wind.
She fought to remain calm. “Ooohhh...Ookkaaay,” she muttered under the cloth. Then Freedom came to a complete stop and refused to move.
“Whoa…. Whoa Girl.” Ryan suddenly yelled and she turned, searching in all directions. Then she heard him command the horse. “Stop! Stop!”
“Ryan… Ryan—” Natalie reached out into the darkness, not finding him. “Where are you?” she continued to call out. The dirt burned her eyes and a lump formed in the back of her throat. Flashes of her near death plane ride a few months ago crept into her mind and caused fear to take over. She swallowed back the tears. Now was not the time to give into it.
She got off the horse and pulled his face close to hers. Freedom kept his eyes closed apparently trying to avoid the needle-like pricks of the whipping dirt. She checked his saddle, searching for something to cover up his head. Then she remembered she had on a tank top under her shirt. Thank God. Quickly she took off her shirt and put it around the horse’s face.
“You’re okay boy.” She patted Freedom, reassuring him. She hugged the horse’s neck and spoke into his ear. “Freedom we will make it to the barn. You have to trust me, okay. Let’s go boy.” She pulled on the reins but he hesitated at first. She persuaded him until he followed her lead.
Natalie had no idea if they were headed in the right direction. The thick air caused visibility to be near zero. Completely alone and in the middle of a storm, she feared the worse. She could see it all happening again, just like the storm that hit the plane. Would she make it out alive this time? She fought the feelings of despair and fear, determined to survive.
She closed her eyes and focused on her surroundings. She shuffled her feet along the ground, persevering through the storm. The dirt-filled wind thrashed against her face, stinging her skin like a horrible sunburn after a day at the beach. She itched and burned as the dust entered in through her pores.
She kept her eyes closed, allowing her senses to fully take over. Somehow, the dirt gave her confidence and strength. It allowed her body to connect with the earth until she became one with it. She felt the ground moving and the entire earth rotating along its axis. Guide me mother earth. Guide me. At that moment, something deep within her stirred. All her surroundings aligned perfectly, like a navigational compass, telling her the cardinal directions. It pulled her body and guided her footsteps along the right course.
Natalie opened her eyes. Through the thick brownish-red dust, she saw something. She kept her eyes fixed until the air thinned enough to reveal the green barn straight ahead of them. The sight of it brought instant relief and calmness to her. Step by step she made her way to the barn, pulling Freedom at her side.
“We made it, Freedom. Thank God, we made it.” She reached for the handle on the barn door to open it. At the same time, it slid open and a hand reached for her.
“Natalie, oh thank God, you’re okay.” Ryan pushed the door open further allowing her and Freedom to get in.
“Yes, we made it.” Natalie leaped into his arms.
Ryan embraced her, holding her close. “I was so worried about you.”
She took off her sunglasses and buried her face against his chest. Tears streamed down her face, scalding her eyes. “I was so scared. I thought I might die out there.”
He leaned his head back and cradled her face with both his hands. “I’m so sorry. I didn’t leave you out there on purpose. Please believe me.”
“What happened to you?” Her voice quivered and she swallowed several times, trying to clear her throat from the dust and dirt that scraped her mouth like sand paper.
“My horse took off riding like a bat out of hell. She brought me straight to the barn. I felt horrible leaving you behind. I was waiting for the storm to pass before I went out to look for you. I’m so sorry I left you out there by yourself.” He wiped the tears from her cheeks with his thumbs in soft gliding movements.
Her heart told her he didn’t leave her intentionally. She just happened to get caught in another freak of nature storm. Why did these things keep happening to her? First it was the plane ride and now the dust storm. She had potentially come close to death not once, but twice now.
Natalie sighed heavily, still crying. “Thank God, I made it to the barn alive. Freedom got scared and wouldn’t move. I used my shirt and put it around his head. Oh no, I think I lost your sister’s hat.”
“It’s okay. It’s over.”
“Then….then something overcame me and my body…” she couldn’t stop the sobs.
Ryan placed his index finger over her lips. “Shhhh. You’re gonna be alright. You’re safe now. That’s all that matters.” He pulled her close to him and began to stroke her hair, easing the fear away with the gentle caress of his hand.
Her tears slowly ceased. Being in Ryan’s arms did make her feel safe. Safe from everything. She didn’t want to leave his arms ever. She nestled herself closer to him, allowing her hand and cheek to rest on his chest. The warmth of his skin relaxed her and that’s when she realized she was touching his bare skin. Through all the pandemonium she failed to notice he didn’t have a shirt on. How did she miss that?
She kept her hand steady and allowed her eyes to survey his finely sculpted pecks and abs. What her hands felt that night on the dance floor was real, very real. Ryan’s body was damn hot. A fine layer of dirt covered his bare chest and his hair stuck up in all directions. The scruffy look only made him sexier.
He lifted her chin and stared into her eyes. “You are so beautiful, Natalie.” His hand glided down her hair to her arm sending chills all over her body.
She gazed into his bloodshot red eyes. “Even with all this dirt on me?”
Ryan nodded. “Yes, beautiful. Dirt or no dirt, you’re gorgeous to me no matter what.”
Either he was crazy for thinking she looked good sporting the UT burnt orange dirt all over her body or somehow her beauty blinded him. Regardless, he knew the right words to speak. “Oh Ryan, you are a sweetheart.”
He picked up her hand from his chest and brushed his lips across the top of it. She closed her eyes, savoring the touch of his dry lips against her scorched skin. She wanted to feel his lips against hers. Glide her body against his bare skin. The demand of his touch focused her mind on one mission and one mission only, she wanted him. Then she remembered they both agreed to take it slow and get to know one another. What was wrong with her? She didn’t want to have sex with him. She barely knew him and it went against all her rules. Why couldn’t she control her emotions? She convinced herself that it had to be the near death experience driving them closer together.
Ryan tightened his arm around her waist and pressed his body firmly against hers. He released her hand and then cupped her cheek. The warmth of his breath spread across her face, inviting her lips to meet his. She moved in toward him, moistening her lips with her tongue. Her heart drummed in her ear and her lips quivered waiting to surrender to his call.
A loud thud sounded, calling their attention away from one another. The barn door swung open, allowing a ray of light to shine directly upon them. They pulled away, and used their hands to shield their sensitive eyes from the blinding light.
“Thank God, y’all are safe. That was one heck of a storm.” Lance walked in rambling on and on. They stood looking at him, but neither one spoke a word.
His eyes darted back and forth between them and he cleared his throat. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to… ummm.”
“Yeah, we didn’t think we would make it.” Ryan drew Natalie close to him. “But we are safe.”
She looked up at Ryan, “Yes, I’m safe now, safe in your arms.”




Chapter 5: Unexplainable Changes

“You’re glowing. Don’t deny it. You spent the weekend with Ryan, didn’t you?” Lise glanced up from her text book, eyeing Natalie.
Natalie fumbled to unpack her clothes from her bags, avoiding her friend’s gaze. “What?”
“You can’t play dumb with me. I see it written all over your face.” Lise motioned with her finger and then went back to reading her book.
Natalie finally looked up. She pressed her lips together, trying to conceal her happiness. It was no use. Her lips parted into a wide smile. “Not the entire weekend, only Saturday.”
“I knew it.” Lise shut her textbook and tossed it to the side. “Why didn’t you text me back?” She sprang up off her bed and rushed to Natalie’s side.
“Sorry, I got side tracked.” Natalie shrugged and then walked over to the bathroom to put up her toiletries.
Lise followed her around the room. “Tell me all about it? Did you sleep with him?”
“What? No… of course not.” Natalie continued to put her things away, still avoiding any direct face contact with Lise.
“Oh man.” Lise pouted and sat down on her bed. “Nat, please tell me you at least made out.”
Natalie walked out of the bathroom. “Ummm, no Lise we didn’t.”
“Then why do you keep smiling?” Lise pounded her hands into the mattress.
Natalie turned around, trying to hide her happiness. Nonchalantly, like she didn’t know her friend was dying for information, she dumped a bag of clean clothes on the bed and began to fold them. She knew Lise would hound her until she told her every last detail.
“Nat, tell me.”
Natalie tossed the pair of socks in her hands to the side and fell back on the pile of clothes. “Because I had another near death experience and it was wonderful.” She crossed her hands over her heart and closed her eyes. Thoughts of Ryan flooded her mind. Even though the dust storm scared her to death, she didn’t regret the time they spent together. She could still smell him, taste him, and feel him.
“What? You had…I’m confused. You’re happy because you almost died, again?”
Natalie opened her eyes and focused in on what Lise said. She sat up. “No. I mean, yes. I did have another near death experience but it ended quite well.”
Lise smiled. “I guess so, because you’re still alive and smiling like he rocked your world.”
She giggled. “Let me explain. We went horseback riding on his ranch—”
“He invited you over to his house? His parent’s place?”
Natalie narrowed her eyes at Lise, warning her to stop. “Yes. Can I finish?”
“Sorry.” Lise chewed on her lower lip.
“What? Go ahead, Lise.” Natalie got up and then scooted over the pile of clothes, clearing a spot on the bed to sit down.
“He must really like you. If a guy invites you over to meet his parents—”
“Wait. I didn’t say that. His parents weren’t home. I did meet his brother and his brother’s family.”
“Still. Okay, you met half of his family… which means he must really like you.” Lise’s voice escalated. She did a happy dance staying seated and for a moment she acted like her world had been rocked.
Natalie shook her head, unable to understand how everything excited Lise. “I guess if you say so. Anyhow, we went riding and there was a horrible dust storm. Violent.”
“OMG! Seriously?”
Natalie put her finger to her lips, instructing Lise to stay quiet and let her finish. Lise pretended to zip her mouth close.
“Yes, a horrible storm. I honestly thought that I might die. She shivered, recalling how the thick clouds of dust surrounded her and blinded her sight. We got separated. Eventually we both found our way back to a barn.”
Lise smiled. “Let me guess. I know what happened next.” She grabbed a small bed pillow and held it tightly to her chest.
“Not what you think. It was intense. He held me, caressed me, and told me I was beautiful. I got to bury my face against his bare muscular chest. Boy, does he have muscles. Whoa.” Natalie fanned herself. “Let me think what else.”
Lise practically cried over the story. “You two kissed and it was wonderful.”
Natalie sighed. “Actually, no. We didn’t.”
“No? You didn’t kiss?” Her smile quickly turned into a frown.
“No. We were about to when his brother threw open the barn doors.”
“Oh that sucks. Why didn’t you tell him to take a hike?”
“Lise, his brother needed to know if we were safe.”
“Oh well.” She grabbed her cell phone and started messing with it. “Why didn’t you guys hang out the rest of the weekend?”
“The storm caused a lot of damage to the ranch. Since his parents were out of town, he and his brother had to fix fences and tend to injured animals. They even lost a baby calf.”
“Gosh.” Lise muttered, not paying much attention to what she said.
“Did you hear me? An animal died, Lise.” Natalie spoke slowly, emphasizing each word.
Lise looked up from her cell phone. “Oh wow, that is bad. I wonder why you keep getting caught up in these weird storms.”
“I don’t know. It is ironic.” Natalie reached over to her pile of laundry and grabbed a shirt. She took her time, folding it nice and neat. “We chatted and texted the rest of the weekend. He was supposed to follow me back today but decided to stay home until Friday.”
“I’m glad things are turning out well for you two.”
Natalie sighed. “I can only hope. So, did you get to hang out with Sal?”
“Yeah, pretty much, until he left to go home on Thursday with Ryan. We got to know each other really well.”
“Lise.” Natalie turned around and narrowed her eyes at her.
“No, I told you, he’s not like that. I mean, we did make out, but all our clothes stayed on.” She rolled her eyes and then drifted back to her phone.
“Good for you! Getting to know each other is important.”
Lise shrugged her shoulders. “Yeah, I guess. I can’t wait for him to come back.”
“And I can’t wait for Ryan to come back either.”

***

“Thanks for the movie and dinner. I’ve wanted to come here, just haven’t made the time.” Natalie looked at Ryan and let out an alluring smile.
“You’re welcome. So what did ya think about the movie?” He dug his hands in his short pockets and bit down on his bottom lip. He felt a little apprehensive about the conversation he needed to have with her.
“I liked it. However, I didn’t expect for it to end that way.”
“Yeah, me either.” He opened the truck door for her. When he walked around to the driver’s side, thousands of thoughts attacked his mind. He balled up his hands into a fist and clenched his teeth. His brother’s voice rang loudly in his head, “Don’t be scared, just tell ’er the truth. If she doesn’t understand then she’s not the girl for ya.”
He took a deep breath, got in his truck and started it. He smiled at her. She had to be the most beautiful girl ever. Her flawless skin shimmered like satin and she wore the right amount of make-up that gave her that sexy sultry look. Her lips glistened with a light shade of gloss, which made them irresistible. He had to force himself to look away; otherwise he knew he would steal a kiss from her.
“It’s only 7:30 p.m. Do you want me to take you back to the dorm or can I show you one of my favorite places?” He held his breath waiting for her response.
She pressed her lips together, not saying a word. After a few seconds, she turned to him and said, “Take me to your favorite place.”
He exhaled. “All right… I will.” He reached up and opened the sunroof to his black Chevrolet Avalanche and drove off. He scanned through the radio searching for the right tune.
“Can you leave it there?” Natalie reached for the radio.
“You like this song?” Ryan shot a quick look at her.
“Yeah, I do.”
“Sweet.” He had no idea that she even liked country music. They had more in common than he thought.
“What else do you listen to?” She asked.
“Oh, everything I guess. Dance music, some rock, Latin ballads which are my mom’s favorite, and some Christian music. I play the guitar at our church whenever I’m home. I guess you can say I’ve learned to appreciate all types of music.”
“That’s cool. I didn’t know you played the guitar.” The wind blew through Natalie’s hair and she struggled to keep it out of her face. He couldn’t help but notice how sexy she looked with windblown hair.
“Yeah, I’ve been playing since I was ten. Do you want me to close the sunroof?” He held his hand up to the button.
“No, that’s okay. The wind feels great. We haven’t had a nice breeze like this in a while.”
“You got that right. It’s been pretty hot and muggy.”
A strong gust of wind wisped through the sunroof and into her hair, filling the truck with a fruity floral smell. He inhaled, taking in her sweet scent. It gave him a shiver. He continued watching her out of the corner of his eye as she pulled her hair to the side. It took everything for him not to reach over and stroke her hair. He longed to run his fingers through her silky dark brown tresses.
He shook his head, trying to clear his mind. “What about you? What else do you listen to?”
“Dance music too, anything top 40, and country. I admit I don’t ever listen to Christian music, not that anything is wrong with it. I do sing along when I go to church.”
“That’s okay. At least we like a lot of the same type of music.” Ryan cleared his throat. “So do you know how to two-step? I know you can salsa dance.”
“Kind of. Okay, don’t make fun of me but my senior year I took a dance class at school. I guess because everyone was into that show, what’s it called…Dancing With The Stars, they decided to offer it. Anyhow, I learned several types of dances. I’m not that good. You’ve seen firsthand.”
He let out a laugh. “Seriously? I wish they would’ve had that class my senior year. I’ve always wanted to take ballroom dancing. In fact, I thought about signing up for it here. Hey, why don’t we take it together, in the fall?”
Natalie’s head turned quickly in his direction. “Seriously?”
“Yeah, c’mon it’ll be fun.”
“I’ll think about it.” She stared out through the window.
“Do you always have to think about everything?” He made his voice light, trying to not sound rude.
Her head spun around. “Yeah, I do. Is that a problem?” He noticed the slight elevation in her voice.
“No. Not all. Just asking.”
Damn! He didn’t mean to offend her and hoped he didn’t make her mad. He felt more comfortable around her but knew he needed to be careful on how he asked questions. He tended to blurt things out without thinking about them first. The last thing he wanted to do was to upset her. For some reason, being around her caused his mind to go a little haywire.
Casually, he reached over and placed his hand on top of hers. He patted it lightly. “That’s why I like you. You’re different from me.” He let his hand remain on top of hers while keeping his eyes on the road. He loved the softness of her skin against his rough hands.
“Really? What else do you like about me?” Her voice sounded alluring rather than inquisitive.
He tapped his finger against the steering wheel. His face felt hot and his mind raced with a million thoughts. “Ummm…let’s see… you’re beautiful, smart, kind, thoughtful, and very analytical.” He glanced over at her, praying he said the right thing.
She leaned her head against her shoulders, acting shy. “Thanks. So you like that I’m a nerdy type of girl?”
“What? I didn’t say you were nerdy.”
“You don’t have to. I know I am.” She picked at the light pink nail polish on her nails.
“Well, I don’t think you are. In fact, I thought you looked cute and sexy… wearing your glasses and your hair up in a ponytail the day I met you.”
He felt her wrap her fingers over his. Judging by her reaction, it told him he said the right things.
She let out a slight laugh. “Sexy? Really? So I shouldn’t wear my hair down and my contacts any longer?”
He looked at her. The wind continued to blow through her hair causing strands to stick to her glossy lips. He kept one eye on the road and the other watching her peel each strand away. Man, she was sexy and far from nerdy in his opinion.
“No… I mean you’re beautiful with your hair down and no glasses.” He searched for the right words, feeling like a nerd himself.
“It’s okay. I know what you’re saying. I guess that’s what I like about you.”
“What, that I’m a rambling idiot?”
“No, you’re not an idiot. I like that you’re funny, considerate, honest, smart, handsome, and…”
“And?” Ryan glided his thumb back and forth against the top of her hand. He could caress her smooth creamy skin all day and night if she let him.
She pushed a part of her hair back behind her ear and held onto it, winding it around her fingers. “You’re sexy.”
He burst out laughing. “Sexy? I don’t think so.”
She let out a giggle. “I do. I think you look sexy in a cowboy hat and jeans.”
“I’ll be sure to wear them next time.” He winked and squeezed her hand. It flattered him to hear compliments from her. He worked hard to stay in shape and he took pride in taking care of his body. More than anything, it was nice to have a girl that didn’t focus on herself constantly. That’s what made Natalie even more attractive to him.
He turned onto a long and winding two-way road. Trees stretched over the road from both sides, as though locking branches with one another. It created a lush canopy of thick foliage that extended for at least a mile. He had been down this road many times, but for the first time, it felt cozy and romantic. Maybe because he had Natalie next to him, changing the mood completely.
“Can I ask where we’re going?” She continued looking around, her eyes darting around from side to side.
He wanted to surprise her but based on her actions he thought it best to tell her.
“When you told me you had never been to Lake Travis, I thought you might like to see it.”
“Oh… the lake.” Natalie’s hand went limp. He noticed her shifting back and forth in her seat.
“Is something wrong?” He wanted to take her to a romantic and memorable place and wondered if he’d made the right decision.
She squeezed her eyes shut before finally speaking. “Yeah, I’m okay,” she mumbled.
“Are you sure? You’re not dizzy again are you?”
Natalie glanced over at him. “No. It’s not that.” She paused for a minute. “The last time I went to a lake it was to clear my head.” She turned away and let out a small sigh.
He heard the pain behind that sigh. Obviously the lake brought back some hurtful memories. He didn’t want to pry and decided he would allow her to open up to him when she was ready. Damn, he couldn’t win for losing.
“I can turn around, if you want.”
She shook her head. “No, I’ll be okay.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yeah, I want to see Lake Travis.”
The gravel crackled and popped as he drove up to the area leading to the lake. He pulled up to a boat ramp and stopped. The setting sun painted the sky with streaks of orange and purple. It made the water glisten like gold and out of all the times he had been there, he had never seen such a breath taking site.
He didn’t want to let go of Natalie’s hand but needed to put the truck in park. He gave her hand a deep squeeze and let go. He felt her latch on, apparently not wanting him to let go either. Slowly, she released her hand from his.
“So this is what you wanted to show me?” Natalie took off her seat belt and leaned forward, looking out the front windshield.
“Yeah, it reminds me of summer vacations with my family when I was a kid. I know it’s no beach, but it’s the closest thing we have here in Austin.” He waited to turn off the truck, still not convinced that she wanted to be there.
“It’s beautiful. The water looks so inviting. I may have to jump in.”
He noticed a change in her face. Maybe she would be okay after all. “People come out here to get certified for scuba diving. Do you wanna take a walk?”
Natalie nodded. “Sure, why not.”
He let out a sigh of relief and opened his truck door. He came around and opened the door for her. He stuck out his hand, helping her get out of the truck. When she didn’t let go of his hand, Ryan didn’t hesitate to interlock his fingers with hers. They walked down to the water, holding hands. It felt good to be next to her; natural and right, in so many ways.
“Wow, there’s sand.” Natalie dug her shoes into the brown, sand-like dirt.
“I know. That’s why I like coming out here so much. Feels like I’m at the beach.”
“Just a minute, I don’t want to get my shoes wet.” She bent over and removed her sandals before the water reached them. She held on to them by the straps, allowing them to dangle from her fingers. “What about you?”
He glanced down at his boat shoes. “Nah, I get these wet all the time.”
Something caught his eye as the water splashed over Natalie’s feet. He had to take another look. For a split second, he thought he saw her legs and feet liquefy into water. The structure of them remained solid but they were clear, like the lake. He shut his eyes tightly and shook his head.
“I can’t believe the water is so clear, almost like the ocean. Hey, are you okay?” Natalie pulled at his arm. Her grip tightened and she shook him a couple times. “Ryan.”
“Yeah?” He opened his eyes and blinked a few times. He looked back down and saw they were normal. His eyes had to be playing tricks on him. He figured the anxiety building up inside of him caused it, since he still needed to have that talk with her.
“Is everything okay?”
“Yes, I’m fine. I was just thinking that we should come out here during the day. Ya know, go swimming or rent a boat.”
“Yeah, that sounds like fun.” Natalie smiled at him but he could see the doubt in her eyes.
“C’mon, let’s walk down this way.” He motioned with his head.
He led her down the sandy shoreline holding her hand. A cool breeze blew off the calm water, not at all typical for an evening in May. Out in the distance, he spotted a few boats and saw a couple of people dotted along the beach area on the other side of the lake. He figured there would be more people at the lake because of the nice weather but they were practically alone.
Natalie gazed out into the horizon. “It’s a beautiful sunset. I’m glad you brought me here.”
“I’m glad you like it.”
Her lightly tanned skin shimmered in the setting sun’s rays and her hair flowed freely in the breeze. She looked radiant, almost Goddess like in her white dress. Then again, Natalie looked good in anything she wore.
Even though she excited him, she also calmed him. She put him at ease and he felt his heart surrendering to her. Never did he imagine falling for the quiet sophomore he knew back in high school. Her beauty mesmerized him and he nearly forgot that he needed to have that heart to heart honest conversation with her. There were so many ways to do this wrong. He had to do it right. He had to be completely honest and open with her.
With his shoe, he smoothed out the sand, thinking of the right words to say. “Natalie… I don’t want to step out of line again, but the feelings I have for you are beyond controllable.” He held his breath waiting for her response.
She turned toward him, gazing deeply into his eyes. She reached up and touched his cheek with her hand. “My feelings for you are uncontrollable too.”
His heart skipped a beat. So she had the same overwhelming feelings he had about her. He took her in his arms. “You don’t know how good it feels to hear you say that.”
“I’m scared though,” she mumbled.
He cradled her face in his hands and stared into her pale blue eyes. “Don’t be.” He glided his finger over her lips. They parted and he heard her let out a soft sigh. The plumpness and fullness of her lips were inviting, making him want to take them captive.
She glided her hand down behind his neck and leaned into him. Cautiously he brought his lips to hers, afraid that she might run off again. When she closed her eyes, he kissed her deeply and tenderly. It released every ounce of fear that consumed him, allowing him to show everything he felt for her. It had to be the most passionate and intense kiss he had ever experienced.
She responded willingly and didn’t pull away this time. He pulled her body closer to his, holding on to her tightly. Her hot breath against his mouth made him dizzy with desire and need. They continued kissing, not even stopping for a breath of air. His feet sunk deeper into the sand burying him up to his ankles. She wavered back and forth in his arms, and he struggled to keep them both upright. She pressed her body against his and his head swirled. For a moment, he lost all sense of direction and he felt his body lifting. He swayed back and then forward before finally losing his balance.
He held on to her with one arm, protecting her as best as he could. He used his other arm to break their fall. She cried out when they fell back on to the sand.
“Are you okay?” He lifted himself up off of her. “Did I hurt you?”
She shook her head. “No, I’m fine.” She glided her fingers up and down his arms, awakening every nerve ending in his body. “Kiss me again.”
He leaned over her, caressing her neck and trailing kisses up to her luscious lips. She responded back with soft and light kisses. Her lips tasted so good, he didn’t want to part from them. He closed his eyes, taking in each kiss fully. She moaned low in her throat and it tormented him to the very core. He wanted her badly. Never had he felt this way before about a girl. Desire flooded his senses. He was losing control.
He pulled away. “I’m sorry.”
Natalie opened her eyes. “What? Is something wrong?”
He knelt down on the sand and shoveled his fingers through his hair. Why couldn’t he control himself around her? She was so irresistible but that was no excuse. He had to bridle the passion and feelings he had for her. This couldn’t go any further. He got up and walked off.
“Ryan. Ryan, what’s wrong? Did I do something?” Natalie chased after him but stopped when he held out his hand.
He ignored her pleading for a second, gathering his thoughts. He took a deep breath and let out a long and drawn out sigh. “No, ya didn’t do anything wrong. It’s me.” He held on to his head with both hands, pacing back and forth along the sand.
Natalie stared at him, looking confused. Who could blame her? He gave her all the right signals to only push her away. He had to be honest with her, otherwise how would he know if she was the right gal for him.
He walked up to her and took her hand. “I’m sorry. I really need to finish my talk with you.”
“Okay.” Her eyes sank and the glow from her face faded in to a look of worry.
He led her back down by the water and sat down. She knelt down next to him, keeping some distance between them.
“Natalie, there’s something I need to tell you.” He grabbed a fist full of sand and sifted it through his hand.
She placed her hand on his arm. “If it’s—”
“It’s not what you think. I need to be honest with you.”
She pulled her hand back. “Oh…okay.”
He hesitated for a moment and then looked over at her. His mind reviewed the words carefully before he spoke. “When I’m around you, I find it really hard to control myself. Like I said earlier, my feelings for you are beyond controllable.”
She nodded and barely mumbled, “Uh-huh.”
He cleared his throat several times. “Every time I’m with you, I want to lose myself with you. But I can’t. I made a promise and I’m sticking to it. I just don’t know if you are willing to accept that and if you’re not then…” the words hung in his throat before he managed to spit them out, “I’ll have to end our relationship.”
She winced and had a puzzled look on her face. “What? I have no idea what you’re talking about. I don’t understand.”
“What I’m trying to say is that… I’m a virgin.” He felt a flash of heat hit his cheeks.
She let out a small sigh. “That’s what this is all about?”
He dug the heels of his shoe into the wet sand. He took a deep breath and let it out quickly. “Yes. I’m twenty-one and still a virgin. If you can’t accept that, I understand. I made a promise to not have sex until marriage and I intend on keeping it.”
She laid her hand on top of his. “That is the most admirable thing I’ve ever heard from a guy. I only wish I could say the same.”
Ryan felt everything drain from him. His shoulders sank and his head dropped down. He felt his body sinking deeper into the sand. “I understand. It’s not easy to make this type of commitment.” He stared into her eyes. “I wish you could walk down that same path with me, because there is nothing more I want than to spend each and every day with you.”
Tears filled her eyes and she shook her head. “I… I don’t think I made myself clear. I meant that I wish I could say that I was a virgin, but I’m not. I don’t intend on having sex again until I marry. I only did it because I really thought Tony and I would marry. I’ve been beating myself up over making such a dumb mistake.”
“So you’re okay with me being a virgin and not having sex until marriage?”
She smiled, wiping the tears that trickled down her face. “Yes. I’m perfectly fine with that. I really value sex like you do.”
He reached forward and took her in his arms. Her eyes met his and deep inside, he knew Natalie was the gal for him. “Then you’re willing to have a relationship with me and fight off the urge not to give into our sexual needs? No matter how strong they are?”
“Yes, I am. I have to admit that I’ve never had a problem controlling myself but for some reason I have trouble with you.”
“Then we will have to work extra hard. It won’t be easy but I’m willing to give it everything if you are.”
“I am.”
He leaned forward and kissed her lightly on the lips. Everything about her felt so right. She leaned her head against his chest and he held her close. He could see himself spending the rest of his life with her. He didn’t want this day to end. They sat there; his arms wrapped around her, watching the sun vanish along the horizon.
“Are you ready to go? It’s getting dark.” He whispered in her ear.
“If it’s okay with you, I’d like to stay out here a little longer. It’s therapeutic for me. If you know what I mean.”
Ryan kissed her cheek. “I know exactly what you mean. Why don’t we go over there?” He pointed to a pile of wood down the shore.
She followed his finger. “To that pile of ashes?”
“Yeah. How about I start us a fire? I think I may have a few pieces of wood in the bed of my truck and a lighter somewhere.”
“Sure. Too bad you don’t have a blanket and your guitar.”
“Oh, I think I may have those too.”
She put her hands on her hips and her eyes narrowed. “Did you plan this, Ryan Garrett?”
For a moment, he thought he did something wrong. Then he saw her lips curl up into a full smile. He winked. “Yes, right down to the fire.”




Chapter 6: There’s No Denying

Natalie felt the vibration of her phone against her leg. Her heart skipped a beat, hoping it was Ryan sending her a text. She pulled the phone out of her lab coat and kept it under the table. She looked around for the professor and spotted him helping several other students a few tables in front of hers. She saw that Ryan sent her a message.
Wish me luck. I’m headed to Kronberg for day one of my internship.
She texted back:
Good luck. I know you’ll do a great job and impress them.
She waited a few minutes and received his next text:
Hope so. I’ll call you when I get off. Maybe we can grab a bite to eat. I miss seeing your smile and looking into your beautiful blue eyes ;)
She couldn’t help but smile. He made her feel so giddy inside. She texted:
I miss you too. I can’t wait to see you.
“Natalie. Natalie. Which one do you want?” Sean nudged her while waving a piece of paper in front of her face.
“Huh?” Natalie shoved her phone back into the pocket of her lab coat. She took the paper from his hand.
“Which project do you want us to work on? We need to make a decision quickly before the good ones are gone.” His arm fidgeted against the lab table and his hand inched upward, ready to rise the moment they decided.
“Oh, ummm… let me see.” She felt completely lost. She hadn’t heard a word the professor said.
“I think we should go with—”
“How about the aptamers one? Sounds interesting.” She pointed to one of the selections.
He adjusted his thick black frame glasses. “I guess.”
“You don’t like that one?”
“Honestly, I thought the one with biofuels because of the global warming sounded more interesting. It says more than one team can choose that one.” He showed her where it said that on the paper.
Global warming. It caught her attention and she thought about Ryan’s ranch and the problems with produce around the state. “Yes, let’s do that one.”
“Great.” Sean took the paper from her and raised his hand. He waved it in the air until the professor acknowledged him. Even though Sean seemed a little persistent, she knew choosing him as her lab partner made sense. She met him during the spring semester in a biology class they both took. When it came to schoolwork, he proved to be reliable and dedicated to his studies.
He nudged her arm. “Are you coming or what?”
Natalie rubbed her forehead and brushed her hair back away from her face. Why did she feel completely distracted today? “Yeah. Sorry.” She took off her lab coat and shoved it into her backpack along with her textbook.
“Are you okay? You seem a little out of it.”
“I’m fine. I guess I’m feeling a little overwhelmed.”
He held the door open for her. “How many classes are you taking this summer?”
“Just two and the lab class.” She adjusted her backpack on her shoulders.
“That’s a full load for summer. Plus the internship, right?” He reached over and zipped up her backpack. Apparently, she had forgotten to zip it closed.
She shook her head. “Thanks. Yeah, I’ll be working on Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays in the afternoon. By the way, thank you for putting in a good word for me. I know they typically want juniors.”
“No problem. Besides, your grades spoke for themselves. You’re going to really like working at Kronberg. It’s cool and Dr. Kronberg takes the time to work with us and answer questions.”
“That’s so awesome. I can’t wait for tomorrow. What days do you work?”
Sean held up his hand, shielding his eyes from the sun. It shined brightly but for some reason it didn’t bother her, even though the rays peered right into her eyes. “The same as you. I’ll be there to show you around tomorrow. I need to warn you about Franz. He’s a little, eccentric.”
“I’ve met him. He interviewed me for the job. Red frizzy hair, brown eyes and freckles all over his face?”
Sean nodded. “That’s him alright.”
“He’s kind of freaky and weird.” She shuddered. Thinking about him gave her the hebegeebees.
He arched his eyebrow and gave her one of those looks. “That’s an understatement. He’s a freakin’ schitzo if you ask me. Most people call him the ‘Mad Scientist’ behind his back. I think he likes it. Don’t worry, he keeps to himself most of the time. Even though he’s supposed to supervise us, he doesn’t.”
“So, who does?”
“You’re talking to him. Since I’ve been there for a year, they offered me a part-time job as a lab assistant. I work closely with all the interns, so you have nothing to worry about.”
“Wow! You didn’t tell me that.” Natalie gave him a friendly slap on his forearm.
“Owww.” He rubbed his arm. “What do you have in that hand of yours? Lead?”
“Sorry. I didn’t mean to hit you so hard.” She felt bad, wondering if she had actually hurt him. Poor Sean, he was so tall and skinny. He didn’t have an ounce of fat on his body or much muscle either. Why didn’t he take the workout supplements from Kronberg Laboratories? She refrained from asking or suggesting it to him, even though she wanted to.
“It’s okay, it doesn’t hurt.” He shook his arm, like he was trying to ease the pain. When he noticed Natalie staring at his arm, he quickly ran his fingers through his dark black wavy hair. “I didn’t tell you because I just got the job two weeks ago.”
“Good for you.” She tried to keep her eyes off the blaring red handprint she left behind on his fair skin.
“Yeah, thanks. Do you want to go get something to eat? We can get started on our project afterwards, if you like.”
She checked the time. It was ten minutes after two o’clock and her stomach grumbled with hunger. Since Ryan and Lise were both at their internships she agreed. “Sure, that’s fine. We both have to work tomorrow and the project’s due in a few weeks. Do you want to eat at the union?”
“Yeah, there’s plenty to select from there.” Sean said.
They walked down the stairs and crossed the street to the main campus area. The union buzzed with chatter and Natalie had to dodge the steady stream of students passing in and out of the building.
“I’m thinking we should make this a set time. You know, work on our projects after lab class. What do you think?” Sean pushed his way through the crowd.
“Sure. I’d like to find a quiet place if we can.” Natalie said, making her way to one of the restaurants.
“Leave it to me. I’ll find us something.” Sean smiled and gave her a quick wink.

***

Natalie lay back on her bed and closed her eyes. With her finger she traced her lower lip. She recalled the way Ryan had kissed her deeply and passionately that night at the lake. Chills ran up and down her arms. She’d loved the way his body felt against hers and how he’d held on to her. The same way he did when she’d nearly fainted during orientation. She longed to see him tonight but her inner voice reminded her to take things slow.
Her phone chimed. She opened her eyes and picked it up. Ryan’s text message flashed across her screen:
Can’t meet up tonight. Kronberg’s having a big shindig next Friday night and we’re busy helping out. Not sure what time I’ll leave.
She sighed and her heart ached. Regardless of what that inner voice told her, she wouldn’t be able to see him after all.
She texted him:
No problem. Maybe we can meet up tomorrow. Did you see Lise?
He texted back:
Yeah, we’re working together. She told me to tell you she’ll be at the dorm later tonight. I’ll give you a call when I get to my apartment. Gotta go. Bye beautiful ;)
Natalie’s heart soared. Beautiful. Beautiful. She held the cell phone to her chest. Ryan always knew the right thing to say, every time. If only she was as gifted with communicating her emotions to him.
She searched her phone for the right emoticon. She found a smiley face blowing a kiss in the shape of a heart. Perfect. She pushed the send button. Ryan flooded her mind. Everything about him felt so right, so natural. She’d never felt this way about a guy before. Not even with Tony. She winced at the thought of Tony and her kissing. Why did she make such a stupid mistake and have sex with him? Why didn’t she save herself?
If only she’d gone out with Ryan first, she would still be a virgin. She shook her head in disgust. Despite her mistake, she couldn’t believe that Ryan wanted to go out with her. It was unbelievable that he valued sex the way she did. Never in a million years did she peg him to be that type of guy; saving himself until marriage. That was practically unheard of when it came to a guy. Only girls did that sort of thing.
Giggles and smiles poured out. She was actually going out with Ryan Garrett! What would her old high school friends think? They wouldn’t believe her. One thing for certain, he was with her because he truly liked her and not because he wanted to get in her pants. She refused to mess things up with him regardless of how uncontrollable her desires were. She’d respect his promise.
Her phone rang and she quickly picked it up. Her Aunt Sharon’s picture showed up on the screen instead of Ryan’s.
“Hi, Aunt Sharon.” Natalie sat up in her bed.
“Hey darling. How’s school going? Have you started your internship yet?” Sharon sounded a little winded.
“I started summer classes today and tomorrow will be my first day at Kronberg. Are you okay? It sounds like you’ve been running.”
She sighed heavily. “Yeah, I’m scurrying around the condo, trying to pack. I’m headed to Europe and wanted to remind you to stop by this week if you can.”
“Sure. No problem. I’ll stop by Wednesday.”
“Oh that will be great. Like I said, if you want to spend the night here you are more than welcome. I won’t be back until the end of July so I need for you to check on the place each week.”
“Okay, no problem.”
“Well, gotta go. I’m staying at Chad’s tonight so he can take me to the airport in the morning. Tell your mom I said hi. Luv ya.”
“I will. Be careful and have a good time. Bye.” Natalie hung up the phone. She got up and went over to her dresser and changed her clothes. Since Ryan had to work late, she decided to workout and grab a bite to eat afterwards. Besides, the workout would help her get a good night’s sleep and be ready for her first day at Kronberg.

***

Natalie headed up I-35 to Round Rock, a small suburb outside of Austin, to Kronberg Laboratories. She glanced at the thermostat in her car; one-hundred and three degrees. Summer had arrived. She fidgeted in her chair, peeling her skirt off her legs. Between the Texas heat and the adrenaline pumping through her veins, she felt like she’d just finished a boot camp class. She reached over and turned up the air conditioner. She couldn’t go in looking all sweaty, especially on her first day.
She parked in the garage and then walked into the ten-story, silver and black building. A part of her couldn’t believe she’d actually gotten an internship in the laboratory. They only hired a few interns every semester for the lab operations. Even though they had over thirty interns this summer, all of them, including Ryan, Lise, and Sal, worked on the business operations side of the company. All the hard work and determination would hopefully allow her to reach her dream one day as head research scientist. Kronberg made that dream seem so much closer.
“May I help you?” A lady wearing a gray uniform sat at the front desk. Several armed security guards stood nearby.
“Yes, I’m Natalie Vega and I’m interning in the lab.”
The lady gave her a flat smile. “Welcome to Kronberg Laboratories.” She turned to her computer and typed in some information. “Yes, here you are. You’re working in the main lab area, reporting to Franz Rousseau. Let me get your badge.”
Natalie waited while the lady searched through a stack of ID badges. “Here is your badge. You will need to wear it at all times.”
“Yes ma’am.” Natalie took the badge. She studied the photo on the front of it. It was only two weeks ago that she took the picture but she sure did look different with her straight hair and eye glasses. She clipped the badge to her shirt.
“Please have a seat over there.” The lady pointed to an area filled with several young people who appeared to be interns too. “Someone will come and get you.”
“Okay. Thank you.” Natalie walked across the gray slate floor to a sitting area of sleek leather chairs and sofas. The modern décor and color pallet of white, gray, and silver gave the building a futuristic feeling. She recognized many of the faces from orientation, even though she didn’t know them personally. Before she sat down, she heard someone call her name.
“Natalie. Ready to go?” Sean waved and smiled, walking in her direction. He wore a long white lab coat that made him look pencil thin.
“Hi, Sean. Am I the only one?” She glanced back at the group of students behind her.
“Yes. The other two interns started yesterday.”
“There are only three interns working in the lab?”
“No. There’s a total of five. Two stayed on from last semester. Come on, I’ll show you how to get into this place.” He motioned for her to follow him.
They walked up to a large turnstile, located next to the side of the front desk. “You scan your badge and then press your thumb up to the scanner.” Sean showed her by doing his first.
She followed his instructions. A green light illuminated on the display. “You can walk through now.” A guard standing to the side informed her.
“Thanks.” She gave the guard a friendly smile and walked through. He didn’t smile back. She hoped her coworkers would be friendlier. Everyone seemed so tightlipped and serious. “That was easy,” she said to Sean, while straightening out her badge on the lapel of her shirt.
“Yeah, nothing to it.” He led her through the main common area. “Did you get a tour of the facility?”
“Yes, during orientation. This place is amazing. It feels like I’m walking through a scene from Star Wars or something.” She gawked at all the transparent computer screens displaying information and videos along the walls.
“Yeah, it kind of feels like that or a scene from Iron Man.” Sean led her down a long corridor and then made a right turn. A set of clear glass double doors marked with the words ‘Clearance Required’ greeted them. She watched Sean scan his badge and the glass doors slide open.
“All you need is to dress the guards like Imperial Stormtroopers.”
Sean broke out in laughter. “Now that would be cool. Speaking of dressing up, next Friday is Kronberg’s big annual masquerade party. Everyone’s invited. You don’t want to miss it.”
She followed him down another hallway to the main laboratory area. “My roommate, Lise, is working in Marketing. She told me all about it last night. Sounds like it will be epic.”
“Man, you have no idea. They go all out. It’s like a Vegas show on steroids. I’m sure Lise’s head is spinning trying to get everything prepared for next week.”
“That’s an understatement. She’s already stressed out, worrying how they will get everything done in time.”
“Sounds like you have the scoop on it. So are you going?” Sean scanned his badge again which opened a set of opaque glass doors. They slid open diagonally, disappearing into the wall.
Natalie followed Sean in to the lab. Her jaw dropped. “Wow, this is impressive.” She stumbled around in a circle. High tech gadgets surrounded her, lighting up in neon colors. Transparent computer screens hung along the walls, scrolling data and showing different video clips.
“You’ll get used to it. Come on, I’ll take you to your workstation. Franz left early and asked me to show you around.”
“Okay.” She followed him slowly, trying to assimilate everything around her.
“Let me introduce you to Dr. Kronberg.” Sean ushered Natalie over to a short older man standing in front of a computer screen.
“Excuse me, Dr. Kronberg.”
The white headed man turned around. “Yes, Sean.” He spoke with a heavy Swedish accent and it was exactly how she imagined him sounding.
“I’d like for you to meet Natalie Vega, one of the new interns.”
Dr. Kronberg’s thin lips parted into a flat smile. He stuck out his hand. “Hello, Natalie. It’s nice to meet you.”
She shook the ingenious scientist’s age worn hand. “Hello, Dr. Kronberg. It’s an honor to meet you.”
“Thank you. We are glad you are here. This will be a great learning opportunity for you. If you need anything at all, I’m here. Please don’t hesitate to ask me any questions. Remember, there is no such thing as a dumb question, only those not asked remain unknown and a mystery to all.”
Natalie smiled. Not only was he intelligent, but kind too. “Thank you. I’m looking forward to learning everything I can while I’m here. This is a dream come true.” The doctor pulled his hand back and she realized she hadn’t stopped shaking it. She retrieved her hand, feeling like a complete rambling fool.
The doctor adjusted his thin metal frame glasses. “I’m glad to hear that. We’ll talk later.” He gave a slight nod to both of them and turned back to his work.
She followed Sean to the back of the lab. “He is so cool.”
“I told you. Over here is your locker to store your things. You’ll need to make sure you put on your lab coat before going to your workstation. There are some areas that are designated as clean room only. I’ll show them to you later. What you do is swipe your badge in the slot right in front of the lock and it will open.”
“Thanks, Sean. I appreciate everything. Really, I do.” She scanned her badge and waited for the locker to open.
“No problem. You’re going to do great here. I know it. By the way, you didn’t answer my question.”
“I’m sorry, what question?” She put her purse in the locker and took the white lab coat off the hook. She struggled to get her arm through the sleeve.
Sean helped her. “The masquerade party, do you think you will go?”
“Thanks.” She fixed her collar and stopped when a weird vibe struck her, making her feel uncomfortable. Why was Sean always helping her out? Oh no. Did she give him the wrong impression and now he liked her? She closed the locker door. More than anything, she wanted to crawl inside and tell him to go away. She couldn’t coward down. She turned and faced him. “Probably. Lise won’t let me back out of this one. That’s for sure.”
“If she doesn’t go or she’s too busy you can go with me and some friends.”
She smiled, not wanting to be rude. “Thanks, but I’m sure I’ll go with Lise and …” What was Ryan? Her boyfriend? They were going out so he must be her boyfriend, right? “My friend Ryan, who’s also interning in marketing.”
“That’s cool. We can get a table so we can all sit together.” He shoved his hands in the pockets of his lab coat and rocked on the back of his heels.
“Okay. That sounds like a good idea,” she agreed, unsure of his motives and slightly confused. But she’d worry about it later.
“Ready to get started?”
Natalie nodded. “I sure am.”

***

Natalie motioned for Lise to stop. “That’s good. It looks great.” She pulled away, not allowing Lise to curl any more of her hair.
“I know. I just want Ryan’s mouth to drop when he sees you. By the way, I noticed you haven’t been wearing your glasses.” She twirled a few more strands of Natalie’s hair around her finger, spraying it with more hair spray.
“Yeah, I’ve been wearing my contacts. By the way, thanks for helping me. I know you’re tired from working all week.” Natalie got up and stepped into the bathroom to change her clothes.
“No problem. I think it’s sweet that you’re inviting him over for dinner. Besides, I didn’t mind cooking in your aunt’s gourmet kitchen.”
“It’s awesome, isn’t?”
“It’s a chef’s dream come true.” She yawned. “I think I’ll sleep in tomorrow. Wow, this bed feels great.”
Natalie peeked out the door to see Lise lying back on the big overstuffed bed. “You’re not going out with Sal tonight?”
Lise let out a long drawn out sigh. “Tomorrow. I’m way too tired tonight. Don’t get me wrong, I love my new internship but this event planning is so much work. I can’t believe I put in thirty hours this week. I’m not supposed to work more than twenty hours. Besides, I have homework and reading to catch up on, that’s if I can stay awake to do it.”
Natalie checked herself in the mirror, making sure the underlining of her dress was not stuck in the back of her panties. She didn’t need that embarrassment. “Ryan told me he worked about thirty hours too. I hope they don’t expect you all to continue working that much.”
“I hope not either. After all, school comes first. All I can say is this is going to be one epic party. Kronberg is going all out for this event. We should go shopping Sunday for our costumes.”
“That works for me.” Natalie’s cell phone chimed. She stepped out of the bathroom to get her phone. Lise was still lying on the bed with her eyes closed. She checked the message. “That’s Ryan, he’s on his way.”
Lise opened her eyes and sat up. “Wow! That strapless dress looks great on you. The fire orange color makes you look hotter than hell.” She motioned for Natalie to turn around. “Let me fix your sash.”
“Thanks. Aunt Sharon bought this for me, along with a few other outfits. I guess her way of saying thanks for keeping an eye on her place.”
“What? You didn’t show me what she bought you.”
Natalie shrugged her shoulders. “Sorry, I forgot. They’re in the closet.”
Lise got up to take a peek. “Nat, you are so lucky. You know that?” She stepped out holding a denim romper up to her. “I may have to borrow this.”
“Sure.” Natalie put on her matching earrings and bracelet, also from her aunt. “Hey Lise, Ryan’s on his way.”
“Okay, I’m leaving.” Lise grabbed her purse. “Have fun and don’t do anything I wouldn’t do.” Lise winked and let out a huge smile.
“Lise, you know me better than that.” Natalie shook her head and walked her to the door.
“See you tomorrow.” Lise waved bye as she walked out the door.
Natalie shut the door behind her and dashed into the kitchen. She checked the food, making sure it was still warm. She lit a few candles and turned on some music from her MP3 player. It sounded awesome on her aunt’s state of the art sound system. She did a quick scan, making sure everything looked just right. It didn’t take much in Sharon’s lush condo; from the sleek leather couch to the chic platinum upholstered arm chairs and the glass accent tables decorated to match the Pottery Barn catalog. She rearranged a few of the cushions on the couch and stopped when she heard the doorbell ring.
Her heart raced and she had to slow her steps as she walked to the door. It had been almost a week since she saw him, thanks to the demands of his new internship and summer school. She literally couldn’t wait any longer. She did one last check in the mirror and fixed a stray strand of hair. Lise had her more self-conscious now and she caught herself paying more attention to how she looked. Before opening the door, she checked the small surveillance screen. Leave it to her aunt to have high tech gadgets. Ryan waited outside the door with his hands behind his back, wearing a pressed button down shirt, faded jeans and cowboy boots. So he did remember to wear his jeans and boots.
She opened the door and leaned against it. “Hi handsome.”
“Hi there beautiful.” He pulled out a dozen red roses wrapped in soft pink tissue from behind his back.
“Thank you, they are gorgeous.” She took the bouquet from his hands and raised them to her nose. “They smell wonderful too.”
“You’re welcome,” he said, stepping inside.
She bit down on her lower lip, trying to keep herself under control. It was pointless. She threw her arms around his neck. He embraced her, picking her up off the floor and swinging her around. She clung to him as the room spun around them. Her forehead touched his and their eyes locked. Like magnets, their lips drew together. They shared a deep long kiss that made her heart soar and her body swirl with butterflies.
He stopped spinning her around. Slowly his lips pulled away from hers. “I’ve missed seein’ you.”
She kept her fingers buried in the back of his hair. “You have no idea how much I’ve missed you.”
He lowered her to the ground. The second her feet touched the floor a wave of dizziness hit. She buried her head against his chest and closed her eyes. This habitual nuisance would not ruin her evening with him. She took a silent deep breath and shook it off.
He glided his hands down her bare shoulders, sending chills all over her body. “Are you okay?” He eased back, trying to see her face.
She hugged him tighter. “Yes. I missed being in your arms, that’s all.” She looked up at him, hoping she sounded believable this time.
Ryan’s eyes narrowed and he forced a smile. “Alright, if you say so.”
She shut the door and he followed her into the condo. “Gee, you did all this yourself?” He checked out the place and stopped in front of the table set for two. “I’ve never had anyone do this for me.”
“I did have a little help from Lise.”
“That was nice of her to help you. Thank you.”
“You’re welcome. I’ll just put these in some water.” She walked into the kitchen and pulled out a tall chrome vase. She filled it up and arranged the roses.
She placed them on the dark walnut canaletto dining room table. The silver accents along the top drew her eyes to the center of the shiny vase. “Now the table’s perfect.”
“You weren’t kiddin’ when you said the view was awesome. Your aunt’s place is kickin’.” Ryan walked over to the tall pane windows in the living room.
She walked up behind him. “I told you.” The setting sun reflected a warm glow off of Lady Bird Lake into the condo. It set the mood perfectly for a romantic evening.
“So what’s for dinner? It smells wonderful.”
“Pasta. Ravioli, filled with chicken, spinach and feta cheese. Which I need to check on,” she said walking back into the kitchen.
“Sounds delicious.” He followed her and then stopped and picked up her MP3 player. She heard him change the music to a romantic country ballad. He had to be the most romantic guy ever. He walked over to the kitchen and leaned against the black granite bar, right behind her. “Thanks for cooking. I really appreciate it.”
“Sure, no problem.” She stirred the pasta sauce and turned off the heat. She dipped her finger into the sauce.
“Hey, be careful, that looks hot,” he said as she tasted the sauce. He took her hand and examined her finger. “You didn’t burn yourself or your tongue?”
She shook her head. “No.” Then realized what she did wasn’t very smart. Steam swirled up from the pot and the spoon she held in her other hand. She could have burned herself. But she didn’t. Why did her mind turn to mush when she was around Ryan?
“Is it ready?” He placed her finger in his mouth, sucking off the rest of the sauce.
Her body clammed up and the spoon slid out of her hand back in the pot. “Ummm…” The slickness of his tongue and the grip of his lips around her finger made her body quiver and shake.
“Sorry, I couldn’t resist.” He winked and then kissed the top of her hand.
She smiled, still unable to speak. Why did he insist on teasing her like this?
He kept her hand in his and placed her other hand around his neck. He swung her around and gazed into her eyes. “May I have this dance?”
“Ummm… sure.” Natalie nodded, completely awestruck by the way he was sweeping her off her feet. “I hope I remember how to two-step.” Her feet stumbled as she tried to recall the steps. She had only danced with him that one time at the bar, but it didn’t take long for her to follow his lead. Their bodies synced perfectly together, sliding across the tile floor.
“Well Miss Vega, you do know how to two-step.” He danced with her, around the kitchen island, holding her body close to his.
She followed his every movement, not missing a step. “I guess.” She tilted her head to the side. Her heart beat wildly as they danced around the kitchen and into the dining room. He drove her absolutely crazy.
He spun her around and then dipped her. He held onto her and sang along with the song, “All I can think about is gettin’ you home.” His deep raspy voice sent a tingling sensation that flowed down to her toes. Not only was he a great dancer but a great singer too.
Her body cried out for him and she struggled to fight off the forbidden thoughts and temptations. The emotions from her heart took over and she sang back. “Honey, there sure ain’t nothing like you loving me all night long.”
Ryan’s eyes gleamed in pleasure. “Tonight’s all about giving you what you want.”
She whimpered low in her throat. “You’re killing me.”
“And you’re torturing me.” He pulled her up and swept the strands of hair away from her face. She couldn’t stand the tension any longer and apparently, neither could he. Their lips crashed together. His lips devoured hers and she responded feverishly, swirling her tongue with his. He made her hot and filled her body with fire. Never had she felt like this before. There was something different this time, a desire, an attraction, and a need beyond control.
“Oh my God… your body feels incredible.­­­­­­­­” She glided her hands over every inch of his well-defined body. She couldn’t get enough of him. He trailed sensual kisses from her neck down to her bare shoulders, giving her tingles from head to toe. She buried her face in the nape of his neck. The sweet and spicy smell of his cologne intoxicated her. She wanted him, despite what they vowed not to do.
Ryan slid his hands down her back as he continued to caress her shoulders and her neck with his lips. He gave her butt a gentle squeeze and then spread his hands over the sides of her thighs, running his hands up and down. He whispered in her ear, “Your body’s amazing,” and then trailed his tongue down to her collarbone.
“Oh Ryan…” She whimpered out, running her hands up and down his chest, eager to touch his skin. With one quick sweep she ripped open the pearl snaps from his shirt. She dragged her palms across his hard pecs and up his chest. His skin felt tight and smooth and she wanted to run her tongue up and down him. With little effort he lifted her off the ground, allowing her to wrap her legs around his waist.
They kissed, tongues fused together until they panted for air. He stumbled around the kitchen and dining area, fighting to keep upright with her clinging to his waist. He pinned her against the wall, pressing his body firmly against hers. His kisses scorched her skin and she moaned in pleasure. He took her hands and braced them up above her head. She throbbed from head to toe and could barely breathe. The sensations were amazing and she thought she might explode at any moment.
“You are so hot, baby.” He panted, continuing to dominate her with the flicks of his tongue.
“You have me so…” She nipped at his lip, ready to devour him. Fighting her inner desires was harder than she thought.
“No. I mean, your body is really burning hot. Are you sure you don’t have a fever?” Ryan pulled back slightly, giving her a quick look over.
“What? No. I just want you so bad.” Sweat trickled down the sides of her forehead. She was hot, burning hot. Her insides felt like they were on fire. She ignored the heat, eager to show him how much she wanted him.
“I want you too, baby.” His voice was hot and heavy.
He released her from the wall and held on to her tightly. She cupped her hands around his face and traced her tongue along his luscious lips. He sealed his mouth to hers, kissing her with intense passion. Her fingers ravaged through his hair, unable to get enough of him. He began making his way to the couch with her in his arms when her foot hit the wine decanter. The bottle hit the floor, splashing red wine all over the mahogany wood floor.
“Oh crap.” He shook his head. “I’m sorry.” He relaxed his arms and she lowered to her feet.
“Forget about it.” She guided his mouth back to hers. Never had she been the aggressive one but for some reason she couldn’t control herself. She had to have him.
He kissed her and then pulled back. “I’m sorry, Natalie. I didn’t mean for us to get this far…. I better go.” He straightened his shirt and started to button it.
“No. Please don’t go.” She reached her hand out but he didn’t respond. She covered her face with her hands. She felt terrible for leading him on. The attraction she had for him was beyond containable. Why couldn’t she control herself? She lowered her hands. “I’m sorry. It’s all my fault.”
“No, it’s my fault. I started it. I should have never licked your finger. I… I can’t control myself when I’m around you.” He ran his fingers through his matted hair and paced back and forth.
Her heart ached. Why did wanting him hurt so bad? “I can’t help myself either Ryan. I have no self-control when I’m around you. I can’t wait to talk to you, to see you. I long for you to kiss me, touch me. I’m… ” She swallowed hard. Was this what she thought it was?
He stopped and looked at her. “I know. I feel it too.” He pulled her into his arms and held her close. So close that she felt his heart beating against her chest.
He stared deep in to her eyes. So deep that she swore his soul touched hers. “I’m falling in love with you, Natalie Vega.”
She smiled, tears rolling down her cheeks. “So am I, Ryan Garrett.”




Chapter 7: The Transformation

Ryan heard pounding in the faint distance and pulled a pillow over his head. When he heard the knock again he opened his eyes. He jumped up out of bed when he realized the knock came from his front door.
“Okay, I’m comin’,” he shouted, pulling a shirt over his head and tripping over the covers hanging off the edge of his bed.
He looked out the peep hole and saw Sal, standing outside. He opened the door. “Hey man, what’s up?” He ran his hands through his matted hair.
“Hey dude, I’ve been texting and calling you since last night. I wanted to make sure you were alright.”
“Sorry, I guess my phone died.”
“Can I come in?” Sal took a step forward.
“Yeah.” Ryan opened the door further. “What time is it?” He walked to the kitchen, squinting to see the clock on the microwave.
“It’s noon. Were you still asleep?” Sal shut the door behind him.
Ryan picked up his phone from the bar and plugged it in to the charger. He yawned and shook his head. “Yeah. I guess my body needed sleep from the busy week.”
“Are you sure it wasn’t from last night with Natalie?” Sal took a seat on the couch and leaned forward with his arms hanging over his knees.
“What?” Ryan winced and rubbed his eyes with his hands.
Sal let out a slight smirk and shook his head. “Oh come on, man. You don’t have to lie to me. You didn’t answer your phone all night and you’re just waking up. So much for keeping to your word.”
Ryan walked to the living room and leaned over on the back of a chair. How could he convince Sal that he spoke the truth? “Man, I’m not lying. My phone died. I got home around eleven last night. And yes, I kept my promise.”
“So, if I go and check your room, I won’t find her in there?” Sal narrowed his eyes at him.
Ryan stood up, surprised that Sal didn’t believe him. “No man. Natalie didn’t come home with me.” He pointed toward his bedroom. “Go and check if you like.”
“So, you didn’t spend the night with her and she didn’t come home with you. Nothing happened.” Sal furrowed his brow, apparently not convinced.
“Well, I wouldn’t say nothing happened. In fact, things got really heated and… I almost gave in. This is harder than I thought dude. I don’t know how my parents or your parents did it.”
“I know, it’s not easy.” Sal shook his head.
“I can’t explain it. When it comes to Natalie, I can’t seem to control myself.” Ryan leaned back over the chair and buried his fingers in his hair. Why was this so difficult? He held out this long and never did it with Jen. Why was it harder when it came to Natalie?
“It’s hard with any girl. You know that, but I’m proud of you. You kept to your word and walked away.”
He did feel proud about keeping to his word, but every encounter with Natalie proved to be harder. His attraction for her pulled from deep inside of him. It stirred every emotion and ignited a need that teetered on the edge of uncontrollable recklessness. His love for her spread like a wildfire, consuming him entirely.
Ryan lowered his hands from his face and looked up at Sal. “Thanks for being my accountability partner.”
Sal got up and patted him on the shoulder. “That’s what cousins are for.”
Ryan let out a slight smile, thankful for having Sal not only as his cousin but as a great friend too. They grew up together and were practically brothers. They were there for each other, through good times and bad. Sal supported him when he had his football injury, encouraging him not to give up. He also helped him move on with his life after Jen broke up with him. When Ryan decided he needed a fresh start, Sal urged him to transfer to UT with him. If not for Sal, Ryan didn’t know where he would be today.
For a second, Ryan felt bad that he hadn’t been supporting his cousin in return. Back in high school, they both pledged to wait until marriage to have sex, following in the footsteps of both their parents. Ryan kept to his promise but Sal slipped when he became serious with his high school girlfriend. After they broke up, Sal decided he would refrain until he married. He wanted to try again and do what was right.
“What about you and Lise? She seems a little wild and adventurous if you ask me.”
Sal rolled his eyes. “That’s an understatement. She’s a wild one alright. It’s been a struggle for me too. Since I already know what it feels like, it makes me want to do it again. She’s no virgin either and turning her down is harder for me than it probably is for you turning down Natalie.”
“I don’t know man, it’s been unbearable. I’ve never struggled like this before. Not even with Jen. There is something about Natalie and it’s not all about the sex. It’s the way she smiles, her wittiness, her scent, her baby blue eyes and the way she hides behind her glasses when she’s nervous. I can’t stop thinking about her. ”
“Oh no.” Sal’s head dropped down toward the floor.
“What?” Ryan arched his neck back.
Sal shook his head. “Dude, listen to yourself. It’s all over for you, man.”
Ryan knew exactly what he meant. Although he didn’t mind admitting this to his cousin, he didn’t want his vulnerability to show. When it came to Sal, he usually figured things out on his own before Ryan told him. He was very intuitive and thought things through, kind of like Natalie.
“Don’t worry dude. She’s good for you.” Sal took a handful of shelled peanuts from a bowl on the bar. He cracked one of them and dusted off the fragments from the nut between his thumb and index finger. He popped it in his mouth.
It made Ryan happy to know Sal approved of Natalie. Sal always warned him about Jen, but he never took his advice seriously. “I tell you, she’s like nobody I ever met before. She might be the one. But time will tell.”
Sal cracked another peanut. “I can only hope that I’ll be as lucky as you.”
“So Lise’s isn’t the one?”
“I don’t know. If I can tame the wildness in her, she might be. I really like being with her. She’s so full of life, funny and outgoing, the complete opposite of me.”
Ryan walked over to Sal and put his hand on his shoulder. “Then you have a job to do because it sounds like you really like her. When you’re with her, I see a part of you that I’ve never seen before.”
Sal shrugged his shoulders. “I guess. Yeah, she does make me feel alive. Speaking of, I’m on my way to pick her up. Do you and Natalie want to hang out with us?” He tossed the last peanut in his mouth.
Ryan gave Sal one more pat and lowered his hand. “I can’t. I have a ton of homework to get caught up on. Besides, I told my boss I would go in this afternoon if she needed my help. I need to check my messages and take a shower.”
“I’m sure glad I’m in technology and not in marketing. Kronberg is working you guys too much, especially for an internship.” Sal walked into the kitchen and dusted his hands off over the trashcan.
“Tell me about it. It’s fun and I like it though.”
“Better you than me. I guess I better go. Lise is waiting on me.”
“Alright, give me a ring later.”
Sal opened the door. “I will. See ya.”
Ryan closed the door behind his cousin and then went over to his phone and turned it on. Sure enough, he had a text from his boss asking him to come and work for a few hours. He also had a text from Natalie, asking him to go to lunch and hang out with her, Lise and Sal.
He texted his boss and told her that he would be in by two and then dialed Natalie’s number.
“Hi, I’ve been thinking about you all morning.” Natalie’s voice sounded soothing.
“Hello, beautiful. Sorry, I slept in. I must have been tired.”
“That’s okay. I didn’t get up until ten. I must have been tired too.”
“So are you still at the condo or back at the dorm?”
“I’m back at the dorm, here with Lise. Do you want to hang out today?”
Ryan’s shoulders sank and his energy drained from him. He wanted to be with her more than anything but he had to be responsible and do what he needed to do. “I can’t. My boss asked me to come in for a few hours and I also have a ton of homework and reading to catch up on.”
Natalie let out a sigh. “It’s okay. I understand. I have homework to catch up on too. Maybe we can hang out tomorrow.”
“Yeah, of course. I’m dying to see ya. In fact, I’m imagining holding you in my arms and kissing your tender lips.”
“Ryan, Lise is right here,” Natalie whispered.
“Okay, I know you can’t say anything back.”
“Oh, I almost forgot. Tomorrow, Lise and I are going shopping for our costumes. Do you want to come with us? Sal’s supposed to come too.”
“Yeah, that’s fine. I’ll give you a call later when I get back from work.”
“Okay. Talk to you later.”
“Hey Natalie.”
“Yeah?”
“I love you.”
“I love you too, Ryan.”

***

“Lise, come on. You look great. The limo is probably outside waiting for us.” Natalie turned off the light in the room.
“Hey, turn that back on.”
Natalie flipped the switch back on. “I don’t want to be late.”
“Alright, I’m done.” Lise blinked a few times in the mirror. She walked up to Natalie and fluttered her eyes at her. “What do you think?”
The tiny rhinestone crystals sparkled against her eyelids and the smoky eye shadow. “They are hideous.”
“Ugh. Thanks.” Lise put her hands on her hips.
“I’m kidding. They are really cool. Your eyes are going to really pop from behind that mask.”
Lise held up her feathered gold and black mask to her face and glanced in the mirror. “I think you’re right.”
She lowered the mask and turned around, making sure the fringe on her black see-through hoop swung freely.
“Let me help you with that.” Natalie reached forward and fixed it. “I have to admit, you have an eye for bold fashion.”
She winced slightly. “Do you think it’s too much?” She twirled, allowing Natalie to get the full picture of her short black and gold corset style body suit.
“No. As long as your boss is okay with it.”
“My boss totally loved it. She’s so cool. She may work us like dogs but she sure knows how to reward us. Can you believe she bought this for me?”
“That was nice of her, not to mention the limo ride. Did you know she also paid for Ryan’s tux rental? Which reminds me; I better let him know we are about to leave.” She typed him a text.
“No, I didn’t know that. Too bad the company didn’t offer to pay for all the interns’ outfits for the party. I guess those of us in marketing were lucky.”
“Yes, but you all deserve it. I can’t believe how many hours you and Ryan put in this week.”
“Tell me about it.” Lise rolled her eyes.
Natalie fluffed out her petticoat from underneath the heavy tapestry dress. “I don’t know about this outfit.”
“What? I love the gold ribbon that outlines the emerald green paisleys. I’ve always wanted to wear a full corset dress. I love the nineteenth century era. Can you imagine the balls they use to attend wearing dresses like that?”
“I don’t know if I could get used to all of this. It’s a little much for me. I can barely breathe in this thing.” Natalie took a deep breath and adjusted the restrictive bodice.
“I think you look gorgeous in it. It totally accentuates your boobs. Ryan is going to drool when he sees you.”
Natalie pulled up on the dress, trying to cover her breasts.
“Don’t. Flaunt what God has given you.” Lise pushed Natalie’s hands down.
Natalie stopped fidgeting and exhaled. “Can you hurry? I haven’t seen him all week and he’s waiting for me.”
“Yes ma’am.” Lise saluted her. Lise’s cell phone rang. “That must be the driver.” She turned around to get her phone. “Hello? Yes...okay, we’ll be right down.” Lise hung up the phone. “The limo’s here. Let’s go.”
Natalie and Lise checked themselves in the mirror one last time, grabbed their purses and headed out the door.

***

The sleek black Mercedes pulled up to the nineteenth century grand mansion located a few blocks from the university.
“You know, we could have walked. Then again, I’d be all sweaty by the time we got here wearing this thing.” Natalie pushed down on the skirt of her dress that nearly covered her face.
“We’d be all sweaty even if we had on shorts. It’s still a hundred degrees outside and it’s seven-thirty in the evening for crying out loud. You have to admit, arriving by limo makes you feel important.” Lise checked her lips one more time with her compact mirror.
“I guess.” Natalie peered out of the dark tinted window. “Wow Lise, I’m impressed. Feels like we are in LA for an awards night.”
“Now you know why I’ve been so stressed out. My boss relied on all the interns to pull this off.”
“You guys did an awesome job.”
The passenger side door opened and Natalie and Lise stepped out onto a red carpet that stretched to the curbside. Large LED spotlights crossed each other leading up to the entrance of the mansion. They walked down the plush strip while staged paparazzi snapped shots of them.
“Doesn’t this make you feel like a movie star?” Lise urged Natalie to stop and pose for a picture.
“Kind of.” Unlike Lise, Natalie didn’t care for pictures and showing off. Nevertheless she smiled for the camera.
“We might as well enjoy it. I mean, how many times do you get to dress up like this and look gorgeous?” Lise continued to pose by herself for some additional pictures.
She politely waved off a few guys asking to take her picture while she waited for Lise.
“Are those ice or glass?” Natalie stopped to examine the tall DNA double helix structures located on each side of the walk, right before the grand doors.
“Glass, I believe. If you think the entrance is stunning, wait until you see the ballroom.” Lise pulled Natalie through the double doors.
They walked through the stately entrance past the dining room and library to the grand ballroom. Muscular men painted from head to toe in an antique gold color, posed at the entrance holding candelabrums in their hands.
“Are those guys real?” Natalie whispered.
“Yes, can you believe it? Aren’t their bodies to die for?”
Natalie tried not to stare at their bulging muscles and rippled stomachs. It didn’t take long for her attention to be diverted once she stepped inside the ballroom. The massive room was decorated to replicate the Masquerade Ball from Phantom of the Opera. Fabric in gold lamè and maroon hung throughout the room, giving it a dark mysterious appearance.
“My gosh. Whose idea was it for all of this?” Natalie did a three-sixty, taking in all of her surroundings.
Lise raised her brows. “Our boss, Lynn. Isn’t she creative?”
“I’m speechless.”
“Wait until you see the food. Come on.”
Natalie followed Lise over to the lavish buffet tables that featured a DNA double helix ice sculpture with a huge waterfall behind it.
“This food looks divine.”
“Lise?”
They both turned around at the same time to see a small-framed Asian lady holding her mask to the side of her face.
“Hi Lynn. Everything looks great. Do you need help with anything?”
“Yes, I do. Meet me by the stage in fifteen minutes.” Lynn checked her cell phone and huffed.
“Okay. I’d like to introduce you to my roommate and Ryan’s girlfriend, Natalie.”
“Hi, nice to meet you. You have magnificent creativity.” Natalie shook Lynn’s hand.
“Oh thanks. I really enjoy this part of my job.” Lynn squeezed her hand and smiled.
“I think you might know my aunt, Sharon Warren?”
“Yes, as of matter of fact I do. Too bad she couldn’t make it.” Lynn checked her cell phone again.
“I know. She doesn’t like to miss a good party. I’ll have to tell her about it.”
Lynn made eye contact with her for a brief minute. “Yes, you will. Have fun tonight.” She turned to Lise. “See you in fifteen.” Lynn made it obvious that she didn’t have time to chit-chat with her.
“Thanks, I will.” Natalie smiled and watched as Lynn frantically ran across the room over to the stage.
Natalie looked around for Ryan, but didn’t see him. The room quickly filled with employees all dressed up and showing off their elaborate feathered masks. She took out her phone and decided to text Ryan. She stopped when she heard a familiar voice behind her.
“I’m looking for a beautiful young lady by the name of Miss Natalie Vega. Have you seen her by chance?”
Chills ran up her spine. “That depends.” Natalie turned around, holding her mask up to her face, trying to downplay her excitement.
“Depends on what?”
“If you are the right guy behind that mask.”
He reached up and slowly lifted his gold and green mask. “Heelllooo beautiful.”
She moved her mask to the side. “Hi. I’ve missed you.”
He took her in his arms. “I’ve missed you too.” He drew his lips to hers and the second their lips touched, another wave of dizziness hit her. She squeezed her eyes shut and willed it to go away. Within a few seconds, it subsided.
“You two need to get a room.” Lise scolded.
Natalie quickly pulled back, feeling a flush of heat across her face.
“Hey, don’t encourage them.” Sal walked up and gave Lise a kiss on the cheek. “You look, amazing.” He took a step back, taking in her full outfit.
Lise did a quick pose and held her mask up to her face. “Thanks. So do you. Put your mask on. I want to see what you look like.” She pointed to the mask that hung around his neck.
“Oh come on. I don’t want to put on this stupid mask.” He rolled his eyes.
“Please, for me?” Lise fluttered her eyelashes at him. Her eyes sparkled and Sal’s eyes twinkled with delight. He held the black mask up to his face. It was obvious that Lise had him wrapped around her little finger.
“Are you happy now?” He let out a charming smile.
“Damn, you’re hot.” Lise snapped her teeth at him, then growled and winked.
“Okay, now you two need to get a room.” Natalie turned to Ryan and shook her head. “Hey, there’s Dr. Kronberg and Franz. Do you all want to meet them?” She glanced back at her friends who all nodded.
She led them to the other side of the ballroom. “Excuse me, Dr. Kronberg… Franz.”
The doctor turned around. “Yes. Oh, hello Natalie. You look stunning tonight.”
“Thank you and you look handsome yourself.” Dr. Kronberg wore a traditional tuxedo but no mask. Even if he had worn one, it would have been easy to spot the white haired scientist.
“Thank you dear.”
Franz turned around, chewing on his nails. He gave Natalie a flat smile and barely let out a, “Hello.”
“Hi Franz,” Natalie replied with a cordial smile.
Franz had on a blue velvet tuxedo coat and shiny black pants that looked like something from the 70’s. Springs of red curls stuck out in every direction, covering his blue and black sequined mask on top of his head. His eyes surveyed Natalie and her friends, growing big until the darkness covered the white of his eyes.
“I’d like to introduce both of you to a few of my friends who are also interning at the company. This is Ryan and Lise.” They shook the doctor’s hand. Franz nodded and waved instead of offering to shake their hands. “They are both in the marketing department and this is Sal. He’s interning in the technology department.”
“It’s a real pleasure to meet you both.” Lise gave the doctor a friendly shake and then smiled at Franz.
Sal extended his hand forward. “Nice to meet you, Dr. Kronberg.” He then turned to Franz, “You too.”
“It’s nice to meet all of you. I take it you all are enjoying your internship and learning?” The doctor took his time, making eye contact with each of her friends.
“Excuse me. It was nice to meet all of you, but I have something I need to do.” Franz walked off, not waiting for anyone to respond.
The doctor turned and said, “Okay, see you later Franz.”
Everyone looked at each other, probably thinking the same thing. Franz was a complete freak-a-zoid.
Sal didn’t hesitate to speak up. “Yes. The company has a very impressive technology department. It’s great to be able to work here.”
“I’m glad you like it.” The doctor replied.
Ryan held up his hand and did a quick sweep of the room. “The marketing department spares no expense when it comes to celebrating. It’s amazing what we have been able to do here.”
The doctor nodded and smiled. “Lynn does like to go all out.”
A distinguished man wearing a black and silver mask that perfectly matched his salt and pepper hair strode up to them. “Good evening. Is everyone ready to have a good time tonight?”
Natalie immediately recognized the voice that edged on arrogance. It had to be none other than, Russ Hayle, CEO and President of Kronberg Laboratories. He let out a sneering smile and his blue eyes pierced through his mask and landed directly on her.
“Hello Russ. Yes, I think these interns are ready, to get the party started, shall we say?” The doctor’s eyes darted back and forth between them and Russ.
They all smiled at him and let out a laugh or two. The doctor adjusted his metal frame glasses and cleared his throat a few times. “I’d like for you to meet my newest intern, Natalie Vega.”
Natalie extended her hand confidently and waited for Mr. Hayle to shake hers.
“Nice to meet you Natalie.” He reached out and took her hand in his and shook it.
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Mr. Hayle.”
“Please, call me Russ.” He placed his other hand on top of her hand. He squeezed with both of his hands, giving her a more than friendly handshake.
“Sure… R--u--ss.” She stumbled on the words, feeling slightly uncomfortable with the way he held on to her hands. When she tried to pull her hand back he only held on to it tighter, not letting go.
“I’ve heard wonderful things about you.” His eyes widened and traveled up and down her body. His gaze lingered on her exposed breasts, sending an eerie chill down her arms, causing every hair to stand on end.
She yanked her hand away. “That’s good to know. I guess I have Dr. Kronberg to thank.” She turned to the doctor, eager to break away from Russ’ unsettling stare.
“Yes. I’ve told him what a great scientist you will be one day. I know a superstar when I see one.”
“Thank you.” She held up her mask in front of her chest, trying to cover it.
“Hi, I’m Ryan, Natalie’s boyfriend and this is Sal and Lise.” He stuck out his hand and gave Russ a manly shake. “We all intern here and were talking about how impressed we are with all the company does to celebrate.”
Natalie breathed a sigh of relief. Ryan had come to her rescue.
“That is good to know.” Russ shook their hands but didn’t show much interest in meeting them.
The lights dimmed and a band started off with a top-forty song. “It looks like the party is underway. Have fun tonight.” He turned to Dr. Kronberg and patted him on the back. “We’ll talk later.”
“You kids have a good time. Natalie, see you Tuesday.” Dr. Kronberg gave a small wave bye.
“See you on Tuesday,” Natalie replied.
“Sorry guys, I’ve got work to do.” Lise turned to Sal. “I’ll be back shortly.”
“That’s why I volunteered to help earlier.” Ryan put his arm around Natalie. “I wanted to be able to enjoy the party.”
“I should have done the same. Oh well.” Lise shrugged her shoulders.
“Hopefully you won’t have to do too much. See you in a bit.” Sal replied watching Lise walk off.
“I got us a table.” Ryan pointed to a table with a reserved sign that faced the dance floor.
“Cool. I’m going to get a drink. Want anything?” Sal took a step in the opposite direction.
“Sure, I’ll take a Coke Zero.” Natalie replied.
Ryan placed his mask inside his coat jacket. “I’ll have the same. Thanks, man.”
“Alright.” Sal trailed off, making his way through the crowded ballroom.
They walked over towards the table when Ryan stopped and motioned with his head. “Look up.”
“Wow! How are they doing that?” Images of fire danced across the ceiling bringing it to life with the beat of the music.
“It’s a laser projecting the images. Cool, right?” His eyes followed the flames, watching it stretch across the ceiling.
“It’s awesome.”
“I suggested it to Lynn.” He smiled and tugged on the lapel of his tuxedo coat.
She held on to his arm, watching the flames dance. “Really? I’m glad she took your suggestion.”
“Me too. Come on, let’s go dance.” Ryan put his arm around her and led her to the dance floor.

***

The fast music turned into a slow ballad and the dance floor thinned out. “I need a break.” Natalie took a few deep breaths, wiping the sweat trickling down her forehead with her hand.
“One more dance?” He pulled her in his arms.
She sighed. “I’m all sweaty.”
“Please?” His stare was imploring and she couldn’t refuse.
“Alright, since it’s a slow dance.” She took another deep breath, trying to slow her heart rate.
He held her close and whispered in her ear. “Thank you.”
His hot breath left goose bumps all long her neckline. She squirmed, adjusting her corset. “I can’t breathe in this dress.”
“Do you need mouth to mouth resuscitation? I can do that ya know.”
She stared into his golden brown eyes. “I don’t know about resuscitation, but I’d love for you to undo this darn corset.”
His eyes widened with delight. “I can definitely do that.” He reached up and brushed her lower lip with his thumb.
She puckered and kissed his thumb slowly and sensuously, forgetting about her struggle to breathe.
He growled low in his throat. “I’m dying to kiss every part of your sexy and voluptuous body.”
“Mmmm, will you please?”
He leaned into her ear and whispered, “I’ll do whatever you want baby.”
His sexy voice awoke every nerve ending. She imagined him kissing every part of her. The thought sent shivers through her entire body. The word control crept into her mind. Before she could push back, Ryan trailed soft, sensuous kisses right below her ear down the nape of her neck. His other hand glided down her back, leaving a stream of sparks that caused her body to pulse with desire. The intensity of the sensation traveled up and down her body creating a hum of energy that buzzed between them. His scent filled the air and she closed her eyes, relishing his alluring aroma of sandalwood and bergamot.
When she opened her eyes her head throbbed and she swayed back. “Oh no, not again.” She held onto Ryan tightly, trying to steady her balance. This time it was more intense. Her head wobbled around like a bobble head doll and the floor moved fast under her feet.
“Are you okay? What’s wrong?” He held onto her, making sure she didn’t fall back.
“Ummm, I don’t know.” A surge of heat rushed to her cheeks and her body turned hot with fever. “I need to sit down.”
He guided her to the table. “Do you want some water?”
“Yeah.” Natalie nodded.
“Is everything okay?” Sean asked when Natalie sat down.
“She got dizzy. Is there any water?” Ryan looked around the table.
“Paul went to the bar to get some for us. Here he comes now, with a waitress right behind him. I’ll find an empty glass.” Sean got up.
“Here’s one.” Katie, one of the interns from the lab, handed Sean a glass. “She doesn’t look so good. Maybe you should take her outside or something.”
Natalie turned to Katie. “I’ll be fine. I think I got overheated wearing this heavy dress.” She picked up a napkin and wiped the sweat from her forehead.
“I need water please.” Sean gave the glass to the waitress, urging her to fill it.
Paul, who also interned in Marketing with Lise and Ryan, looked at them with confusion. “What’s going on? What’s wrong?”
Sean handed the water to Ryan and then turned to Paul. “She got overheated or something.”
“Sip it slowly.” Ryan handed her the glass of ice water.
She took a sip and then held onto the cold glass of water. The coldness felt good against her hot, sweaty hand.
Paul took a seat next to her. “My mom’s a nurse, may I?” He held up his hand.
She nodded. “I think it’s this darn corset. I can’t breathe.”
He placed his hand on her forehead. “My God child, you are burning up. You’re definitely overheated.” Paul sighed, fanning himself. “You’re making me hot just sitting next to you. And I don’t mean hot like that.” He rolled his eyes and loosened the bow tie around his neck.
“I hope not.” Sean narrowed his eyes at Paul.
Natalie wanted to laugh but didn’t have the breath to. It was all crystal clear to her now. Paul and Sean had a thing for one another. How did she miss that? She felt like a complete fool for thinking Sean liked her. At least she didn’t have to worry about that any more.
Ryan pressed his lips together and his eyes narrowed. He leaned closer to her. “You’ve been having these dizzy spells off and on since we met. Have you gone to the doctor?”
“No.” Natalie’s head dropped. This was not like her to avoid a potential serious problem.
He took a deep breath and sighed heavily. “Why not?” Ryan had never gotten mad at her but she knew he wasn’t happy with her.
“I don’t know. Maybe because it hasn’t been consistent. It’s only happened a few times.” Natalie picked up a program lying on the table and fanned herself.
“I think you need to go see your doctor first thing Monday or go to the university health center.” He brushed her hair back away from her face and his voice softened. “Natalie, please don’t ignore your health. What if this is something serious?”
“I know. I promise I’ll call first thing Monday. She closed her eyes and swallowed hard. “Oh no, I feel sick,” she muttered under her breath.
“What’s wrong?” Ryan leaned his ear closer to her.
“I have to go to the bathroom. I think I’m going to throw up.” She eased her way up and grabbed her purse.
“I hope you feel better,” Sean said.
“Let us know if you need anything, Ryan,” Paul added.
“Thanks guys.” Ryan guided Natalie through the crowd to the nearest bathroom. Luckily, a waitress directed them to a single bathroom where she could have some privacy.
He tried to follow her into the bathroom but she turned and said, “Please, I need to be by myself.”
He stepped back hesitantly. “Okay. I’ll be right outside if ya need me.”
She nodded and shut the door. Immediately, she fell down to her knees, shaking and sweating profusely. She burned with fever and couldn’t seem to catch her breath. She wanted to rip the tapestry dress off of her body. She reached up behind her and managed to loosen up the lacing. She took a deep breath and lay face down on the cold marble floor, praying for the nausea to stop.
“Oh my God,” she shrieked when a piercing pain struck her entire body. She curled up into a fetal position. Every part of her hurt and ached to the point it felt like she was dying. She moaned and cried out in desperation for the pain to stop.
“Natalie, are you okay?” Ryan asked through the heavy wood door.
She managed to speak. “Yeah, I’ll be okay. I need to lie here for a while. Please… go away.”
“Are you sure?”
“Go away,” she moaned.
“I’m going to stay right here, in case you need me.”
“No, I’ll be okay.” She cried out, unable to hide the tears of pain.
“Alright, I’ll be back to check on you.”
The pain, like nothing she had ever felt before, penetrated through every muscle and joint in her body. She bit down on her lip to keep from moaning out loud, but the intense pain made it impossible to keep silent.
Heat rose from her feet and traveled up her body to her lungs. Thick and hot, it extinguished all her air until she gasped for her breath. Her body jerked and shook, convulsing out of control. Sweat poured out of her pores in puddles and her eyes burned with fever.
Slowly, she raised her hand up to wipe the mascara and sweat burning her eyes. She blinked a few times, struggling to focus on her hand quivering in front of her face. It glowed red and orange with fire.
“Natalie, are you okay?” Lise tapped on the door.
It took a second for Natalie to comprehend what her eyes were seeing.
“Natalie?” Lise continued to call for her.
“Natalie, can Lise come in and check on you?” Ryan spoke through the door.
She tried to talk but nothing came out. She tried again. “I’m okay,” she croaked.
That was far from the truth. She wasn’t okay. Something was definitely wrong with her.
“Are you sure? Can I come in?” Lise tried to open the door.
When Natalie heard the doorknob turn, she rushed to the door. She couldn’t remember if she locked it. She turned the knob slowly and sighed when it refused to move.
“Damn, that’s hot!” Lise shrieked.
“What? What’s wrong?” Natalie could hear Ryan asking Lise.
Immediately, Natalie let go of the doorknob. She turned and rotated her hand, studying both sides. Had she caused the knob to turn hot? She looked into the mirror. Flames spread underneath her transparent skin, igniting her entire body into a burning inferno.
On my God, I’m on fire! My body’s on freakin’ fire! Her eyes gravitated down, checking out the rest of her body. Her clothes had disappeared along with her shoes. Where had they gone? She ran her hands up and down her body. It felt like her body except her skin had turned into an energy field with a fiery blaze brewing underneath. Her female anatomy resembled that of a Barbie doll; curves and mounds with no other distinct physical features. Even the hair on her head had turned a deep bright red, billowing all around her.
“Natalie, open up,” Ryan demanded, pounding on the door.
The beating grabbed her attention. “Ummmm…everything’s fine.” She tried to clear her throat but her voice crackled like burning embers. She looked back at the heavy brass doorknob, now a few shades lighter orange than before. Her instincts told her to cool it down before Ryan tried to open it. She didn’t want him to burn his hand too.
Grabbing the doorknob with both hands, she watched in awe as water flowed from her hands and surrounded the knob. The original worn dark color resurfaced, telling her the knob had cooled down.
“Oh my God, how did I do that?” she whispered under her breath. She had the ability to contain water within the palms of her hands. How was that possible? Before she could come to terms with what she had done, her entire body transformed into a body of water.
“Natalie, are you sure you’re okay?” Lise sounded worried and scared. “Why won’t she open the door?” She heard Lise ask Ryan.
“I don’t know, but I’m about to break down this damn door.” Ryan jiggled the doorknob.
She didn’t know what to do. Her heart drummed in her ears and it felt like the walls were closing in around her. She turned around in a circle, searching for an escape. There was no window or second door. They couldn’t see her this way. They’d freak out. She had to convince them she was okay so they would leave her alone.
“I’m okay. I just need to be alone. Ryan, I’ll uhhmmm… text you when I’m ready to leave,” she stammered out.
The doorknob stopped turning. “Okay sorry, we’ll leave you alone. I’ll be waiting at the table and take you home whenever you’re ready.”
“You poor thing. Let us know if we can help you,” Lise said.
“Okay, thanks.” Natalie sighed in relief as she heard them leave. She turned back to the mirror, stunned at her pristine blue transformation. Waves of water flowed freely all over her body. She touched her brilliant blue hair. It looked exactly like ocean water from the Caribbean. How was this possible?
Then reality hit and she went into complete hysteria. “Oh my God! Oh my God! What is wrong with me?” She backed away from the mirror until she hit the wall. She slumped down to the floor. What was she going to do?
Her mind lingered on the edge of a full panic attack. I will be okay. Just stay calm. She hugged herself, rocking back and forth trying to soothe the fear within her. Her mind raced with a million thoughts. She closed her eyes and buried her head against her knees. Maybe she was dreaming and this really wasn’t happening. She rocked herself for several minutes, willing the ordeal to end.
She lifted her head and opened her eyes, praying she would wake up in her bed. When she opened her eyes, nothing had changed. She was still a small body of flowing water sitting on the floor in the bathroom at the mansion. Why was this happening? When she raised her hands to cover her face she noticed her composition changing once again.
She watched her arms, legs, and feet turn darker, transforming into a vibrant evergreen color. Her hands shook and her entire body shuttered. How was this possible? She rose to her feet and paced back and forth, telling herself it was her imagination. She held her hands up in front of her, completely awestruck at what she had become. Why was she green? She looked like a toxic waste dump. What was she going to do? How would she get home?
She continued pacing around the bathroom, trying to figure out what to do. She clinched her fist and gritted her teeth. She would get out of there. It took a few seconds for her to calm down. She focused on her breathing, concentrating on the wheezing and rattling sound of the air as it entered her nose and filled her lungs. Inch by inch, the air consumed her to the point it rose up through her throat and moved over her face. Her body became lighter and lighter until she lifted up off the floor.
“What in the world? Help! Somebody help me!” She moved her arms and legs as though struggling to stay afloat in water. After a few seconds she stopped moving, realizing her body hovered just beneath the ceiling. She glanced over at the mirror. She was as clear as the air she breathed. Her nearly invisible body floated effortlessly. How had she turned into a body of air?
This by far had to be the most insane, delirious, and freakish thing she had ever experienced. One thing was for certain, she had to get out of there. She thought hard, analyzing every possible solution. She had to escape without being seen. A thought emerged and she imagined herself flying through the air and out of the mansion. It was possible, right? She repeated the words over and over in her head. I can fly. To her disappointment, it didn’t work. She hadn’t moved an inch.
She sighed; feeling frustrated but determined to get out. The small bathroom made it nearly impossible to move. Once more, she closed her eyes and focused on making her body fly. She felt her body gradually drifting through the air.
Her eyes popped open when she touched the mirror. “Yes! I can do this!”
She reached down and picked up her purse off the counter and inched her way to the door. Before she opened it, she listened carefully, making sure she didn’t hear anyone coming.
Slowly, she cracked the door open and peeked outside. Her eyes narrowed and she took a deep breath, concentrating on what she wanted her body to do. All of sudden something deep inside of her emerged; a forceful, yet instinctive power coming from the pit of her stomach. She darted forward, gliding down the long dark hallway. She had done it. She was flying!
She stopped before the common area, hovering behind a pillar, determining which way to go. The main area and front doors were too risky. Her eyes scoped out a path right next to the library leading out to the veranda. Even though people filled the room, this was her only hope of escaping.
She waited for the right moment and sprang forward, zipping through the room and out a set of double doors into the night. She had escaped and now she was flying! She couldn’t believe she was actually flying like a bird. It had to be the most exhilarating thing she had ever felt before in her life. It was mind-blowing and scary at the same time. She soared through the hot, muggy air and past the Austin skyline. She knew she was born to fly.




Chapter 8: Inevitable

In the faint distance, Natalie heard people chattering. The indistinct voices told her it had to be the television or the radio. She woke gradually, the black behind her eyes lids turning lighter, to the point that she had to squint from the sun’s bright rays.
“Is she okay?” a male voice asked.
“I don’t know. I think she’s breathing,” a female voice replied.
“Hey, wake up.” Natalie felt a nudge on her arm. When she moved, every muscle and joint ached. Sleep and tiredness weighed her down. It felt like her eyes were coated with lead.
“Maybe we should get a cop. She probably partied too hard last night. I mean look at the way she’s dressed,” the female commented.
Partied too hard…what?
“Yeah, you’re probably right. Are you okay?”
Natalie felt someone touch her face and shake her head. Her eyes popped open and instinctively she grabbed the hand in front of her face and twisted it, pulling it away.
“Hey, let go,” the guy yelled. A dog next to her barked several times and he ordered it to stop.
She released the guy’s hand and jumped to her feet. “Leave me alone. What do you want?” Her vision blurred and her eyes burned from the light.
The dog barked a few more times and then sniffed her, licking her foot. The wet, sandpaper stroke from the dog’s tongue caught her attention. Why did she only have one shoe on?
“Hey, take it easy.” The guy backed up, pulling his dog with him.
“Yeah, we’re trying to help you.” The woman got up quickly and took a few steps back.
Natalie looked around for a moment, blinking her eyes rapidly. Where in the world was she?
“Do you need us to call someone for you?” The woman pulled out her cell phone from the band around her arm.
She stared at her for a second. Did she know her? The woman had to be a few years older than her, say early-twenties. She wore a tank top, shorts, and running shoes. Maybe she knew her from the gym.
Natalie took a deep breath and ran her hand across her forehead. She had the most excruciating headache ever. Once her vision stabilized she recognized her surroundings. She was on The Drag, the main strip along the edge of the UT campus, in front of an empty building. How did she end up here?
“Do you need our help or not?” the guy probed one more time.
“Oh, ummm…. I think I’m fine. I fell asleep, that’s all.” She brushed the hair away from her face and noticed her wristlet, dangling from her hand. “I’ve got my phone.” She opened her purse and took it out.
The woman and guy looked at each other. Natalie knew what they were thinking. They probably thought she got drunk at a party and passed out. How embarrassing.
“Okay.” The woman shot her a sardonic look and then slid her phone back into her arm band.
The guy shrugged his shoulders and yanked on the dog’s leash, instructing him to follow. The dog sniffed her foot one more time and then turned to follow his owner and the lady.
“Thanks.” Natalie blurted out, feeling bad for the way she acted. They didn’t bother to acknowledge her gratitude and kept walking down the street.
She checked her phone wondering what time it was. It showed 8:42 a.m. Saturday morning. A list of several missed calls flashed on her screen, all from Ryan and Lise. What would she tell them? She started to dial Ryan’s number, but stopped. She had to figure out what happened before she called him. However, the throbbing in her head made it nearly impossible to think.
A horn sounded and startled her. “Hey there baby? How much?”
She looked up and saw a car passing by with a guy hanging out the window yelling. She turned around, wondering who he was screaming at when she realized it was her. She wanted to run and hide. To make matters worse, a few people walked by her, staring at her and making sly comments under their breath. She had to get off The Drag and out of this dress.
She knew she couldn’t go back to the dorm. Lise would have too many questions for her. The safest place was the condo.
She limped her way down the sidewalk, stopping midway to remove the one shoe she had on. Going barefoot would be easier and her feet ached from wearing the stacked heels. She flagged the next taxi cab passing by and got into the car.
“Where to ma’am?” the driver asked.
“Ummm, 300 Bowie Street.” It took her a minute to remember her aunt’s address. Everything seemed so foggy and faint in her mind. She leaned her head back against the headrest and closed her eyes. Images flashed through her mind, recalling how she changed and transformed. She opened her eyes and looked at her hands. Did all that really happen?
“Rough night? Frat party?” the cab driver asked, looking at her through his rear view mirror.
Natalie crinkled her nose. She didn’t owe him an explanation, but she didn’t want to be rude. “Yeah, I guess you can say that.” She didn’t like to lie or make up stories, even if she didn’t want to tell others her business. In reality she didn’t lie to him. She had a rough night and she did go to a party. Maybe not a frat party but a party nonetheless. How would she explain this to Ryan?
It didn’t take long for her mind to drift back off, recollecting the events that took place inside the bathroom of the mansion. A shudder quickened through her body, recalling the excruciating pain her body went through. It made her feel sick and weary. She didn’t want to think about that right now. She had to figure out how she blacked out and ended up on The Drag.
She smiled when she remembered how exhilarating it felt flying through the air. Flying had to be one of the best things she had ever experienced. Nothing compared to it.
When they passed through downtown Austin, she recalled soaring around the buildings, and zipping by the bright neon lights glowing against the dark night sky. Being nearly invisible had to have been the best part of all. It had allowed her to fly without being seen by anyone.
“We’re here. Spring Condos, right?” The cab driver interrupted her thoughts.
“Oh. Yes, thanks.” Natalie sat up quickly. She looked at the meter and then paid the cab driver.
She walked into the four-hundred and fifty-five feet tower, sliding past the front desk security guard. The newspaper kept his undivided attention, preventing any further embarrassment. Luckily, the lobby was empty and the elevator opened immediately when she hit the button.
She went straight to the guest bedroom and fell back on to the bed. This did happen, I’m not going crazy, or am I? She ran her hand over the intricate ribbon design on her dress. It did happen, otherwise why did she wake up on The Drag, still wearing her clothes from the night before? She would have awakened in her pajamas at the dorm or the condo if nothing had happened.
Her cell phone rang and she flinched. Ryan’s name flashed across the screen. She let out a huge sigh. What would she tell him? She couldn’t avoid him any longer.
She answered the phone. “Hello?”
“Natalie. Thank God you finally answered. What happened? Where are you?”
“I ummm… took a cab to my aunt’s condo.” She picked at the nail polish on her thumb, thinking of the right thing to say.
“I was so worried about you. Why didn’t you let me take you home?”
“I don’t know,” she muttered. She got up and started pacing back and forth, trying to figure out what to tell him. Should she say that she had turned into some type of freak-a-zoid and flew home instead? No, she definitely couldn’t tell him that.
“I’m sorry I didn’t tell you I was leaving. I didn’t want to bother you.”
“Natalie, c’mon. You were sick. Besides, you could have at least told me you were at the condo. I worried about you all night. I didn’t know if something bad happened to you.”
“I know. I’m sorry I didn’t text or call you. When I got to the condo I ran to the bathroom and couldn’t leave. I must have fallen asleep because I woke up next to the toilet.” Natalie pressed her lips together. She couldn’t believe that she lied to him. What choice did she have? He would never believe her.
“You poor thing. I wish you would have let me drive you home. I would’ve taken care of you.” Ryan’s voice turned from upset to soothing and caring.
Natalie sat back down on the bed. “Thanks. I didn’t know if I caught a bug or if being overheated caused me to get so sick. I’m still not feeling that well.” She hated this continual lying but didn’t know what else to say.
“I’m sorry, beautiful. Do you want me to come over and take care of you?”
“No!” She stopped and changed the tone of her voice. “I mean, thanks. I think I’ll sleep the rest of the day.” She swallowed hard and tried to fight off the tears. It broke her heart. She needed Ryan more than anything and wanted to see him. However, she knew seeing him would be dangerous. She couldn’t risk changing in front of him. She had to wait until she knew exactly what had happened to her.
“Okay. Is there anything I can do for ya?”
“Yes, can you let Lise know I’m okay? She’s been texting and calling me too.”
“Of course I will.”
“Thanks. I’ll call you later this evening,” Natalie said in a low voice. It killed her inside to lie and pretend that she didn’t want him to come over.
“Okay. Call me if you need anything.”
“Alright, I will.”
“Promise?”
“Yes, I promise. Ryan…” her lip quivered and the tears welled up in her eyes.
“Yes, beautiful?”
“I love you. I love you more than anything.” Tears streamed down her face and her breaths shortened.
“I love you too, Natalie.”
She hung up the phone, not wanting Ryan to hear her tears turn to sobbing. Her heart ached. This is not what she wanted. She wanted to be with Ryan, her love. Staying in a relationship seemed to be impossible for her. Why was it every time she fell in love with a guy something bad happened? Maybe she wasn’t meant to love anyone. She turned and buried her head into the pillow, weeping and crying, wishing she could wake from this horrible nightmare.

***

A few hours later Natalie woke up, tangled in the sheets and covers. She threw them back, checking herself to make sure she hadn’t changed. She sighed in relief when she saw that she was still normal. However, it didn’t explain what happened to her last night. She had to figure this out. She closed her eyes, thinking back on what happened. She couldn’t concentrate. Fogginess clouded her thoughts, blocking all her memory. Her stomach growled and she realized she needed to eat.
She dragged herself out of bed and went to the kitchen. She opened the fridge and poked around. There wasn’t much food since Sharon had been traveling and she hadn’t bothered to go to the grocery store. Checking the freezer she found a few frozen dinners. She popped a lasagna in the microwave.
She sat down at the bar, waiting for her food to cook, thinking about the night before. Vivid images of what she turned in to flashed through her mind. Not only were they in her mind but also etched deep in to every muscle fiber of her body. She ran her hand up and down her arm, recalling the sensations she felt when her body changed and morphed. Her muscles were sore and her body hurt. It felt like she had worked out for hours.
She clearly recalled turning into a burning inferno with glowing crimson and orange flames. No human could have tolerated the intensity of the heat that had flowed from her head to her toes. How could she?
It shocked her, how she had gone from burning red hot to a cool body of water within seconds. She took a deep breath, filling her lungs with air, remembering how she had become as thin as the air she’d breathed. She shook her head in disbelief. Her ability to fly had been the most amazing thing ever.
She took her food out of the microwave and waited a minute to eat it, allowing it to cool off. She filled a glass with ice cold water and took a few sips. She continued to analyze each and every phase she had transformed into; the heat, the water, the air. They were all clear to her now. However, the vibrant green glowing thing had her stumped.
She ate her food, allowing her mind to recharge. When she finished, she twiddled the fork in her hand, continuing to think. She tapped the fork a few times against the granite countertop and that’s when the idea hit her. Fire, water, air, and earth. The elements of the earth, of course. The green thing she turned into had to be earth. She had changed into the four elements of the earth. Why? How come? She needed to know what caused this and why it happened. Most importantly, would it happen again? She shook her head in dismay when she thought about Ryan. What am I going to do? I can’t tell him about this.
She needed to get out and clear her mind. She thought of the one place that helped her relax and figure things out, the lake. Sure, it’d be risky but the sun would be setting soon. The darkness would prevent her from being seen if she changed. She grabbed Sharon’s car keys and headed out the door.

***

Before she got out of the car she sent Ryan a text message.
I’m feeling better so I went out to get some fresh air.
A few seconds later he responded:
Is everything okay?
She texted back:
Yes. I need to clear my head. I’ll call you when I get back to the condo.
He replied:
Okay
She got out of the car and followed the same path that she and Ryan walked a few weeks back. How she longed for him to be next to her, holding her hand and talking with her. Things had changed so quickly. They had just confessed their love for one another and were barely spending time together to only have this freaky thing happen to her. Would they ever be able to be together again?
She kicked off her shoes and sat down on the shore, gazing out into the blue water. Purple and pink rays stretched across the sky and over the lake, creating a peaceful and heavenly sun set. She closed her eyes and focused in on everything around her. The gentle breeze blew through her hair and the warmth from the setting sun made her body feel cozy against the sand. She listened to the sound of the water, splashing against the rocky shore inviting her in for a swim. For some reason, she couldn’t completely relax or clear her head.
Thoughts of what her grandmother told her kept circling through her mind. That God would send the right guy. She knew Ryan was the right guy for her, perfect in every way. She could taste his lips on hers and smell his scent. His love intoxicated her and she couldn’t imagine not being with him. She had to slow things down until she figured everything out. She wouldn’t take the risk of changing in front of him. If he knew what she had become he may stop loving her. Her heart told her it would be difficult, if not impossible to stop seeing him.
If only this hadn’t happened to her. What if she never changed again? She wouldn’t have to stop seeing Ryan. Slowing things down between them wouldn’t be necessary. However, she knew that was wishful thinking. Her body had changed into something out of this world and it was only a matter of time before it happened again. What if she changed into one of the elements and never changed back to her normal human form? She shuddered at the thought.
She looked up at the sky, watching the colorful hues fade in to the darkness. Why did everything in life have to be so difficult? How would she explain to Ryan that they needed to slow things down and not see each other for a while? She sucked at lying and it went against all her principles. She loved him and didn’t want to hurt him. She refused to break his heart but didn’t know any other way to protect him.
She hugged her legs tightly, wishing this was all a dream. Coming to the lake usually helped. This time she felt more confused than ever. Nothing seemed to help. Sitting on the shoreline, she had the weirdest sensation that Ryan was nearby. His scent filled the air and her body quivered with each breath she took. A nudge deep inside her told her to turn around. She looked behind her and saw Ryan walking toward her.
She smiled. Seeing him brought so much joy. A part of her was also scared and nervous; worried she might change in front of him. Could she hurt him? She had no idea what she was capable of doing. She wanted to run to him and throw herself in his arms. Instead, she waited for him to come to her and she prayed nothing would happen.
“Hello beautiful. I wanted to check on you.” Ryan knelt down at her side.
“I’m okay. I needed to get away, clear my head. How did you know I would be here?”
Ryan winked. “Intuition. When you texted me and said you were going to get some fresh air, I had a feeling you would come here. It’s kind of weird because the closer I got to the water, the more I felt your presence. Like something pulled or guided me over toward you.”
“That is weird.”
“I know, I’m a freak.”
“No, you’re not.” She wanted to tell him that she was the freak and that she smelled his scent and sensed his presence too. She held back. He would probably think she was crazy. For a moment, she contemplated if she should tell him the truth about what happened.
“Honestly Natalie, I missed you so much. I couldn’t wait to see you. You’re not mad at me for coming out here, are ya?” Ryan stroked her arm with his fingers, sending chills all over her body, despite the warm humid air that surrounded her.
“No, I’m not mad at you. I missed you too.” Natalie rose to her knees and glided her hands up and down his arms, forgetting all about the dangers she possessed or the need to take it slow.
“I’m sorry I wasn’t there to take care of you last night. It won’t happen again. I promise.” He took her hands and raised them to his lips, kissing her palms.
Her heart sank with every word he spoke. The warmth of his touch comforted her and soothed her aching soul. “Why are you apologizing? I’m the one who left without you.”
“I don’t know. I guess I feel guilty for not taking care of you.”
“Don’t. What’s important is that you are here with me now.” It didn’t take long for the distressing thoughts to return. She didn’t know what to do. Tell him or don’t tell him? She couldn’t stand to be without him. She needed him and had to be with him always. She didn’t want to put him in any danger. She loved him too much.
Ryan pulled her up in his arms and kissed her. His kiss grew more intense, creating a need within her that increased with every stroke of his tongue. He pulled away from her lips and stared into her eyes. “I love you more than you’ll ever know.” His lips lingered on hers and she yearned for more.
“No, I love you more.”
Once again, he took her lips captive and she lost herself in his heady kisses. She ran her hands up and down his back, feeling the contour of his muscles underneath his shirt.
Ryan moaned low in his throat.
With every caress, something overcame her. She felt herself losing control. She paused for a breath. “There’s something about your touch, your smell, the way you make me feel. I don’t know what it is. I get these sensations and feelings all over my body that I can’t explain.” Natalie panted.
“I feel them too beautiful. Something takes a hold of me. It feels so right. I can’t describe how it makes me want you.” His hands glided down her back and over her thighs.
Ryan seized her lips again. This time, causing something deep inside of her to move and turn. This was more than a sexual awakening. All the feelings he stirred up had her so deeply entrenched with his love. She completely forgot about telling him what happened and she ignored the sensations going through her body.
“You are so beautiful, you know that?” He brushed her hair to the side.
She tilted her head and stared deeply into his eyes. “And you are so handsome.”
He laid her back on the soft sand and pressed up against her. The sheer weight of his body felt good and she held on to him tightly. All her emotions collided inside of her; the passion, the romance, and most of all the love. She didn’t want him to stop kissing her.
Ryan pulled back suddenly. “Whhhhaaatttt…what in the world?” His voice quivered and rattled with fear. His hands dropped from her face and he moved away from her.
Natalie opened her eyes. “Ryan, what’s wrong?” She reached out for his hand but he jerked it away.
He stumbled to his feet and then fell back on to the sand. He crawled his way backward, getting as far away from her as possible. “You…ummm…y--our f--ace. Something’s wrong with your face. And y--our ar--ms.” He pointed at her, his hand trembling.
She held up her arms and watched her body materialize into a vibrant green color. “Oh no, it’s happening again!”
The color drained from his face and he gasped for air. “Wh--at? What do you mean it’s happening again?”
“I….ummmm...well, it’s like….” She didn’t know what to say.
He stared at her in disbelief. “What’s happening to you?”



To Be Continued In
Element
Part II

About the Author

CM Doporto

Born and raised in the United States of America in the great state of Texas, CM resides there with her husband and son enjoying life with their extensive family along with their Chihuahua, Mexican Redhead Parrot and several fish.
She is a member of Romance Writers of America, and is associated with the Fantasy, Futuristic and Paranormal Chapter and the Young Adult Special Interest Chapter.
To learn more about her upcoming books, visit www.cmdoporto.com. You can also like CM’s fan page on Facebook and follow her on Twitter and Pinterest.
Tiffany Evans - Keeper








Genre: YA urban fantasy and romance adventure

Excerpt from KEEPER
***
As a Drea, Taylee Pierce is a walking energy bong—or that’s how the gift stealing Rygons see her. Her ability to control minds in their hands could mean the destruction of the Kember and Drea race. Laced with speed, strength, and a physical ability, each Kember holds the key to not only defeat the Rygons, but to protect one Drea until death.
But what happens when one who’s born to protect, hunts instead?
During a heated battle with a rogue Kember, Taylee’s forced to run and let her own Kember—the man who raised her—face him alone. With the announcement of her protector’s death, Taylee’s anger and obsession regarding the mysterious murderer take over. She’s hell-bent on bringing her guardian justice, even if it means walking into the enemy’s trap.

Biography
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/pages/Tiffany-Evans-Author/135543839847822?ref=br_tf Website: www.tiffanyjoevans.yolasite.com Email: tiffany_evans@yahoo.com Blog: http://tiffanyevans7.blogspot.com/



KEEPER
ONE

“Taylee!”
I’d heard my name too often lately, and for some odd reason, it was always being yelled.
This time, the deep, angry tone had me scrambling to shove my iPod and sketchbook under my pillow. The sound of stomping boots reverberated up the stairwell. Algebra book. I stumbled over a pile of dirty clothes as I rushed to my desk and grabbed it. Hearing Delmari’s footsteps grow closer, I leapt for the bed.
He threw the door open, not bothering to knock—obviously not worried I might have been naked—and stood, hands on his hips, glaring down at me. Crap.
My gaze traveled up his looming frame. I faked an innocent smile, trying to pretend I didn’t know the reason he looked ready to rip me a new one.
“Your football team lose again? Time you picked a new one to bet on, don’tcha think?”
Jaw clenched, his eyes bored into mine like he attempted to exorcise demons from my soul. Or beat them out of me.
“Not football, huh?” I didn’t scare easily like the majority of Dreas. Then again, no sane person would mess with a Kember…especially when that Kember was Delmari. He pretty much walked the earth as a badass, savior and god. Trained to protect, he could destroy anyone in his path.
“What were you thinking?” He half-turned, running a hand over his buzzed, blond hair, before looking back at me.
“Well…” I averted my gaze to the orange accent wall behind him, wondering how long I could get away with playing stupid. “Depends on what time of day you’re referring to. Mainly, school, though. You know, gotta get those grades up so I can grad—”
“Veronica Watson. History class.” His eyes narrowed. “Ring any bells? Or do I really need to remind you she stood in the middle of a test and told everyone her hands-on sex ed class would be moved from the backseat of her car to the city park.”
I rubbed my nose, hiding the smile behind my hand. Her outburst in third hour was the highlight of my day. Only something a Drea, like me, could pull off. “You heard about that, huh? Please don’t tell me you signed up.”
The hard set of his mouth hid all signs of the laugh lines that usually creased around his eyes. Okay, not the time for jokes.
“It’s a small town. Now would you mind explaining why she said it?”
“Because it’s true?”
“Taylee! I know you don’t get along with her, but really, you had to make her humiliate herself in front of the whole class?”
“You haven’t heard my side of the story.”
“I’ve told you a thousand—no—a million times not to use your ability, and I swear I’ll…” He paused.
Pop a blood vessel? Take my car and cell phone away? Ground me? I could’ve gone on all day.
“I’ll pull your butt out of school if it happens again.”
My snarky attitude dried up. “It’s not my fault. She’s the one who got all butt-hurt when her boyfriend couldn’t keep his eyes to himself. Then she started telling everyone I’d do some risqué things for a little cash. Like you said, Del, it’s a small town.”
He sat next to me, letting out a huge sigh. If I didn’t know better, I’d say he looked a little spiteful. “Why didn’t you tell me? I would’ve handled it.”
I knew he would have. He never slacked on his job to protect me. I just didn’t need my “daddy figure” fighting my battles at school, too. Leaning my head against his shoulder, I snickered. “How, by making it rain on her?” Along with strength and agility, all Kembers had either an elemental ability or some other physical gift like super speed. We Dreas got gypped. We weren’t fast or strong. All we could do was use our mental abilities to work within people’s minds.
Delmari chuckled and pulled my ponytail. “Don’t underestimate the gift of water, and I wasn’t talking about using abilities. You should’ve handled it differently.”
“You’re right.” I punched the air. “I should have aimed right for her nose.”
He shook his head. “Good hell, what’ve I created?”
“A beautiful, controlled young woman.”
“Controlled? Hah! You have yet to learn the meaning of control.”
“Which is why you’re here.” I poked him in the cheek. “Honestly, it wasn’t that bad. I just made her stand up and take back everything she said about me and, well…you know the rest.”
He smiled his handsome crooked grin. “I’ll let you off again, but I’m serious. Don’t use your mind control, especially on the ungifted, unless your life is in danger. Promise me.”
Delmari couldn’t stand to stay mad at me, and even more, he hated punishing me. I was his Achilles heel. Good thing or I would have been sent straight to a Drea foster family by now.
Twisting a long strand of ebony hair around my finger, I huffed. “I’ll try, but it’s so hard. It feels as natural as breathing, you know?” I shrugged. “When something goes wrong, it’s my gut reaction.”
“I understand, but I haven’t worked with you all these years for your ability to be spontaneous and out of control.”
I sighed, remembering the endless hours we worked when it surfaced, just so I could keep it in check. “I know.”
“You also know why you can’t use it.”
“Yeah, yeah. It’s a powerful ability that can screw with people’s lives.”
Delmari laughed, clearly amused by my irritation. “That’s my girl.”
Not even I could argue with that statement. I was his girl, even if we weren’t blood related. He often complained about the way I acted. When he did, I reminded him if he didn’t act like this, I wouldn’t, either. After all, he was my only example since I was three months old. What had he expected, really? “You know, you should just be grateful I don’t have a physical ability.”
“I suppose you’re right.” He looked down, smiling, and picked at his nails. “You as a Kember would be hazardous. Can you imagine a Drea’s life in your hands? The Authority would really have a messy situation.”
I rubbed my palms together. “So would Veronica Watson.”
Delmari rolled his eyes, bent down and pressed his lips to my head. “I know high school can be rough, but it’s your last year. If at all possible, be a good girl.”
“What if it’s not possible?”
He looked around the room and let out a slow breath. “Then you and I are going out back with the boxing gloves.” He winked.
A warm glow spread through my body. “Was that a challenge?”
Boxing probably went against the grain for most girls, but I didn’t care. I loved to box. Who didn’t like to hit things? Plus, I had a disorder: I couldn’t say no to a challenge to save my life. Maybe that was my problem.
“The question is, are you up for it?”
I bounded off my bed, laughing. “Ah, what’s another loss for you, right?” I knew I’d get owned. I did every time. Delmari trained in this stuff—he put the meaning in the word “lethal.”
He turned toward the door and stopped. His eyes widened as he gazed out my window. Before I could question him, he grabbed my arm and shoved me behind him, slamming my back against the wall.
My breath hitched. The trees were aflame. A forest fire? I opened my mouth, but the words stuck in my throat. I could only stare at the red inferno dancing on the treetops.
Delmari’s eyes closed like they sometimes did when he summoned the rain. Water started to pour over the trees, but the fire never wavered.
Body tensed, his eyes snapped open. Veins pulsed in his arms. “Grab your pack. Now.”
“M-my pack? What’s going on? Can’t you put it out?” I wished I could keep my composure like he did.
“It’s a summoned fire.”
I stood, hands shaking.
A Kember set our trees on fire? That was crazy. No Kember would ever do this…
“Taylee!” Delmari reached back with one hand and shoved me. “Your pack!”
My heart hammered. I jumped to my closet and grabbed my black emergency backpack. A joke. This had to be some sick joke. Maybe another one of Delmari’s escape drills? Once I secured it on my back, I rushed to stand beside him.
Delmari grabbed my hand and pulled me down the stairs.
He pushed the front door open, and I gasped. Ten foot tall flaming walls surrounded our house. They shot up in streams, through crevices in the ground. Thick smoke swirled, darkening the sky. I squeezed my eyes closed, fighting the burn that invaded them.
Fifty yards away, among the crackling flames, stood a tall man in a black, hooded cloak, his hands engulfed in fire.
There went my drill theory.
“Listen.” Delmari’s eyes never wavered from the Kember. His voice filled with urgency as he reached for the handgun on his hip. “When there’s a break in the flames, make for the cabin.”
Heat radiated through the air, singeing my skin. Sweat dripped down my forehead and neck. Before I could respond, the figure disappeared.
I jolted back as he materialized in front of Delmari, grabbed him by the throat and slammed him to the ground. The hairs on the back of my arms rose when the man focused his ocher eyes on me.
Delmari struggled beneath the Kember. He seized hold of the Kember’s hands and tried prying them from his throat. Kicking his legs up, he nailed the cloaked figure in the gut.
The man stumbled back. Delmari jumped up and lunged toward him. The Kember vanished then reappeared behind Delmari, kicking at his back, just as Delmari turned and jumped to the side.
“Run!” Delmari yelled.
Despite his words, I froze.
Rain fell harder than I’d ever seen, focusing only on one part of the woods: my escape route. It poured like a waterfall from the sky until the section extinguished. My cue. I needed to do what he instructed. He could take care of himself.
Delmari gasped as he fought to keep up with the other Kember’s speed. He ducked, avoiding the man’s fire-lit fists and swung back at him. Delmari missed. The man tackled him at the waist and slammed him to the ground.
Panic shot through me. Never once had I seen a weak or slow movement from Delmari. The rain. Summoning it to this degree drained his energy. I had to get out of here so he could stop the waterworks.
Delmari thrashed. “Go!”
The cloaked figure punched Delmari in the face. He grunted as his head slammed down into a puddle of water. The Kember’s hands gripped Delmari’s throat, cutting off his air supply.
I screamed. My drive to flee halted, and my irrational instinct kicked in. I knew I should leave, but I wouldn’t leave Delmari.
I lunged forward and grabbed the man’s flowing robe. Pain shot through my hands like I’d seized a hot iron, and I jerked them back, releasing him.
Taking a deep breath, I closed my eyes, concentrating on getting into the Kember’s mind. Come on, Taylee, you can do this! I focused, seeing the black void behind my eyelids. Then the weight of his mind opened up.
Pressure built as his mind pushed back toward mine. Like hitting a wall, my progress halted.
I snapped my eyes open, and the man’s empty gaze flickered to me. An eerie smile spread over his lips. He knew—he knew about my gift; it was the only way he would have been able to stop me.
Delmari writhed beneath him, his fist striking the Kember in the face. Blood poured from the cloaked figure’s nose. He released his hold and counteracted Delmari’s attacks, struggling to straddle his moving body.
I screamed, wanting to do something—anything. Hysteria threatened to take me, as I realized the only thing I could do for Delmari was leave.
Get to the cabin.
Risking one last glance, I turned my back on the only person I had in the world and ran.

TWO
“When you get to the cabin, take the car. Don’t stop—don’t even look back until you reach the Authority.” The memory of Delmari’s rule echoed in my head. Most people grew up being taught not to lie and steal—good qualities which would keep them out of trouble. Not me. Delmari spent hours upon days upon years teaching me to survive. When he said jump, I leapt. When he said run, I got in the Honda, ignored speed limits and all other traffic laws and hauled ass to the Authority building just outside of Boise, Idaho.
Which was exactly what I did.
The fifteen minute drive felt more like rowing a boat over gravel: frustrating and slow. I never let up on the gas pedal, but I kept checking the rearview mirror, expecting Delmari’s black Hummer to pull up behind me. Every time we found ourselves in this situation, I got all jittery and anxious. He always caught up to me before I got out of Meridian.
Not today.
What if something went wrong? The enemy wasn’t a stupid Rygon keen on siphoning my life and ability away like all the other times. It was a deranged Kember—one with two very different physical abilities. Impossible.
Maybe that’s why I couldn’t slow my breathing or racing heart as I drove through Boise. I guessed I should’ve expected it’d take Delmari longer. He needed time to unleash his deadly moves and pulverize the guy. Then he’d escape. Delmari was an unstoppable force of nature. No one could take him away from me, not even some super-fast, fire-blasting Kember. No, Delmari would send him straight to hell.
A painful grinding came from beneath my car as I cut across a small slab of manicured lawn, creating my own entrance into the parking lot. Lurching forward, I clenched my teeth and glanced in the rearview mirror at the thick piece of cement which almost ripped through the floorboard. The curb had been a little high, and those flowers—well, what was left of them—were the least of my problems.
I didn’t even know why I worried about Delmari. He always fought for both our lives. He knew he was all I had. My mom, who apparently had been a Drea like me, died. My deadbeat father ran off. Delmari figured my dad must’ve been a Norm—a regular human without an ability. Obviously, whoever he was, he didn’t want anything to do with our world, or me. Delmari was the only one with enough balls to step in and take on a three-month-old baby. He was my savior, my best friend. There was no way he’d leave me alone.
I zipped past parked cars, jerking the steering wheel from side to side. My head bashed the ceiling as I sped over speed bumps, heading directly for the front doors of the big building. The tires screeched when I stomped on the brake. The back of the car skidded to the side, half on the sidewalk and mere feet from the glass doors.
Ripping the keys from the ignition, I glanced at the tall tower of bricks. Delmari never clarified whether he meant get to the Authority building or to the head honchos themselves. I wouldn’t half-ass this. Straight to the source. I barreled out of the car, through the revolving doors and crashed right into the front desk.
A chubby lady with red, curly hair grimaced. “Can—”
Through gasps of air, I choked out, “Ian—uh, I mean, Authority Alvarez. Now!”
She leaned back in her chair and started filing her nails. “Do you have an appointment?”
“I—no, but—”
“Get in line.” She gestured to the full waiting room, without even looking up.
I slammed my fist on the counter, earning her full attention and most likely everyone else’s in the room. “No. Delmari’s been attacked. It’s an emergency!”
She sighed, holding my gaze with an expression just short of a glare. Tossing her file onto the counter, she pulled a form from a drawer and handed it to me. “Write down everything—”
“I’m not here to fill out a freakin’ form.” I crumpled the page and drilled it at her.
She flinched when it bounced off her forehead and sat with her mouth agape, eyes the size of golf balls. I jumped over the half door, next to her desk, that led back to the Authority offices.
Unfortunately, the shock didn’t last long. She sprang from her chair and intercepted my path. “Ian can’t see you right now. Get back over that gate, Missy, or I’ll—”
I didn’t have time for empty threats. If Delmari needed help, I couldn’t waste time talking to the old-school Strawberry Shortcake. I stepped around her.
She grabbed my arm, digging her freshly-filed nails into my skin, and jerked me around.
One impulse came across stronger than mind control. I punched her, right in the eye. Probably a lot harder than necessary, considering she staggered into the wall behind her, screaming. I didn’t pause long enough to care.
Delmari…
I took off down the hall and ripped open the first door. Through the sea of shocked faces turned in my direction, one came in clear. Blond ponytail. Bright blue eyes. Black Kember uniform. Ian.
“Taylee!” He stood abruptly from the highest judge’s bench.
Only a few people could brag about Ian putting a name to their face. For me, it wasn’t something brag-worthy. Like so many others, the majority of the time it left his mouth in a yell.
I sprinted down the aisle and leapt over the gate that separated the bench and the audience.
The two burly Kembers who stood on either side of the podium rushed toward me. One grabbed my arms and twisted them tightly behind my back. I stepped forward—or tried to—but the Kember jerked me back so hard I nearly fell backward.
“D-Delmari,” I said, sucking in jagged breaths. “He’s b-been a-at-tacked.”
Ian’s jaw clenched, and I swore I’d never seen anyone go so long without blinking. For a moment, it seemed he didn’t know what to do. Beside him, the Authority with auburn hair, Favian—if I remembered right—leaned over to Ian and whispered something.
In the middle of the room, not far from where I struggled, a heavyset man, wearing shackles and an orange jumpsuit, smirked at me. A jury consisting of at least fifty Dreas and Kembers lined the wall on the left. They all looked down their noses at me. Some shook their heads. Others’ mouths hung open in shock.
Great. Nothing like stealing the entire courtroom’s attention. They might as well have handed me a microphone and put me under a spotlight. I glared back, hoping they got my “go off yourselves” message.
I knew the Authorities constantly had Kembers and Dreas to discipline, so a trial wasn’t all that shocking. The rules had to be enforced somewhere. Depending on the laws broken, a Kember could be stripped from their guardian rank and thrown in the slammer. Dreas also had a prison. I heard it was literally hell in there. Special walls confined them, trapping their mental abilities inside with them. Some went crazy and eventually killed themselves; others were moved to asylums. Yeah, not a place I ever wanted to be.
Ian stepped away from his chair and nodded. Xander, the second Authority, pushed his dark, shoulder-length hair behind his ear and took Ian’s spot. Relief flooded through me, even though I knew a “talkin’ to” was coming. Ian would know where Del was. He’d know who attacked him.
Did he really have to walk that slowly? Come on! I wanted to yell at him. Since when did a fifty-year-old Kember move like a half-dead bear? As his foot made contact with the last stair, Ian nodded at his fellow Kembers. He freed me.
I jerked my arm away and rushed toward Ian. Before I could say a word, he gripped my elbow and dragged me into a room to the side of the courtroom. His office.
“Taylee.” He released me. “That was unacceptable. Do you realize—”
“Yeah” The more important question was: did I care? Not in the least. “I’m just doing what I was told.”
“Delmari told you to barge in my courtroom screaming?” He folded his arms across his chest.
“No, but—”
“Where’s Delmari?” He raised his hand. His cell phone zoomed from his desk and landed into his palm. Telekinesis. Cool.
“Didn’t you hear a word I said? He’s been attacked. This guy, he—”
Ian held his finger to his lips, flipped his phone open and put it to his ear. Apparently he’d heard enough. I tapped my foot until, seconds later, he closed his cell.
“No answer.” He secured the phone on his belt next to his special gun and knife. All Kembers carried them. The Titanium bullets and blade acted as instant poison when piercing a Rygon’s flesh. They were the only things capable of killing Rygons.
“Are you gonna listen? Fire and water were exploding like geysers! There’s no way his cell made it through.”
Now Ian didn’t answer. He pressed a button on his desk and talked into a speaker, “Cindy, come sit with Taylee. Find out what happened.”
“Where’re you going?” I stomped toward him.
He pointed to a chair. “Sit and don’t talk.”
“No, that’s—”
“Now. Before you really find out what ‘not fair’ is.”
I didn’t like being threatened, not even from Mr. Badass-Head Honcho himself. I planted my feet stubbornly where I stood. Before I could retort, the door opened and in walked Cindy.
Ian froze upon seeing her. I did, too.
Strands of frizzy red hair sprung from her head like she’d been electrocuted. She held an ice pack on her left, swollen eye and cast me a murderous glare with her good one. Her knuckles blanched against the thick binder she gripped, most likely preparing to use it as a weapon.

An hour later, Cindy’s nasally voice still assaulted my ears. By the smirk on her face, she probably thought the bitch-session made us even. I watched the door Ian left through, assuming he and Delmari were having one of their long, drawn-out conversations. They were possibly even coming up with a punishment for my punching the Norm. I sighed. Come on, Del, let’s get out of this hellhole already.
“Taylee, pay attention,” Cindy snapped.
“You’ve already asked me these questions. Twice!” I balled my fists to keep them from flying in her direction. Again. “I’m done. Where’re Ian and Del?”
Her round cheeks flushed. Whether she felt embarrassed or pissed off, I couldn’t tell. “One more question.”
I kicked my feet up on the glass coffee table and slumped back onto the leather couch. “That’s what you said five questions ago.”
Cindy smoothed her blouse over her red pleather skirt, scowling. I had that effect on people. In fact, I felt the urge now to point out to the poor thing that plastic leather died with the ’80s. Glancing down, I bit my tongue. I didn’t have any room to talk in my mud-splattered jeans and torn green hoodie.
“I need you to tell me what happened after you got to the cabin.”
I stared around the office, remembering how stupid I thought it was when Delmari made me practice escaping. Who knew I’d ever be grateful for those middle of the night interruptions. “I grabbed the cash he hid, jumped into the car and followed the GPS he programmed for me, to here.”
“He prepared you well.”
“Duh, it’s Delmari. He plans for everything. He built the cabin not far from our house and left everything I’d need there in case of an emergency.”
“How lucky we are he did.” I didn’t miss her condescending tone as she brushed her hand over her black eye. She cleared her throat and scribbled notes in her binder.
I craned my neck to see what she wrote about me. Probably nothing good. She snapped the binder closed and narrowed her eyes. “Now—”
The door swung open. Thank goodness.
I put my feet down and reached for my bag. Finally. My hand stopped midair. I blinked. A man, who looked to be in his mid-twenties, stepped inside the room and closed the door. Standing in front of it, he held his hands behind his back and stared at the wall across the room.
Black slacks and button-up shirt. All muscle: A Kember. A hot Kember. Maybe Ian sent him to make sure I hadn’t rendered Cindy unconscious. Whatever the reason, it was fine with me. My eyes wandered over his shirt, which he left untucked, concealing his weapons. His dark, shaggy hair held a slight wave and curled around his ears, almost covering them entirely.
I’m a Drea. I’m a Drea. I’m a Drea. I quickly averted my gaze, feeling heat rise to my cheeks. Did I really need to remind myself how messed up being attracted to a Kember was? No. I didn’t. I risked another glance at the dark-haired hottie and cursed myself under my breath.
“Are you my relief?” Cindy asked.
“No.”
I think I sighed louder than she did.
Why was she here again? Norms didn’t know about us—not usually, anyway. She probably slept with one of the Authorities to get the job. What else explained it? After about ten minutes of listening to Cindy gripe and tap her pen against the folder, the door opened again. This time, Ian walked through.
“About freakin’ time,” I muttered.
He whispered something to the Kember and then proceeded over to where Cindy and I sat.
I looked at the door for Delmari, but the Kember closed it before I could see into the hall. This wasn’t the time for Delmari to go all social on me. Hadn’t I been here long enough? Putting my feet down, I stood, hands on my hips. “Where’s Del?”
Ian pointed at the couch.
Never a good sign. My stomach tightened. “I-I’d rather stand.”
He settled into the chair across from me. Leaning forward, he stared at me for several seconds without saying a word. “There’s no easy way for me to tell you this, Taylee…”
Immediately, my suspicions snapped into place. I’d punched his receptionist. What was with the gentle, rabid-animal approach? Shouldn’t I be getting reamed? The fact I wasn’t made my heart hammer. “What do you mean?”
“Our officials in your district discovered his...” He swallowed. “His body about forty minutes ago.” Ian’s gaze dropped to his hands, and he took a deep breath. “He’s gone. I’m sorry.”
Gone? Delmari?
I laughed. No one could kill a god.
“Look, I’m sorry for punching your Norm over there.” I motioned to Cindy. “I’ve learned my lesson. Fists away.” I shoved my hands into the pouch of my hoodie and took a step toward the door. “Catch you guys later.”
“Taylee. Sit.” Ian pointed to a chair. “This is no time for jokes. Delmari’s gone, and I need you to focus.”
I stared at Ian. My smirk gradually fell. The normally stern, authoritative glimmer in his eyes disappeared. Now there was only pain and…pity. I kept waiting for a wink or the long lesson on self-control he had down pat.
When none of them came, I collapsed onto the chair.

~ We hope you enjoyed the stories in Five Shades of Fantasy! ~



If you want to share your thoughts of the book with authors, feel free to post a review on the website you purchased the book, or even write one of our authors. Each author has contact information with the book.

You can also catch other others anthology collections from these authors:


 

