The Smiling
Stallion Inn

The Legends of Arria: Volume 1

Courtney Bowen

This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, events, and places either are the products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.

Copyright © 2014 by Courtney Bowen
Smashwords Edition
Cover image: Peasants before an Inn by Jan Steen

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be
used or reproduced without written permission
from the author, except in cases of brief quotations
embodied in critical articles and reviews.

Part One: The Militia Tryouts
Chapter One: On the Threshold
Chapter Two: The Perfect Moment
Chapter Three: Keep Him Warm
Chapter Four: Duty and Feudalism
Chapter Five: Quarrel

Part Two: The Courtship Ritual
Chapter Six: Knives and Music
Chapter Seven: History and Legend
Chapter Eight: Mixed-Up Mayhem
Chapter Nine: A Woman’s Dilemma
Chapter Ten: Lovers’ Rock
Chapter Eleven: Torn Asunder
Chapter Twelve: Remembering the Pat
Chapter Thirteen: Parting Words

Part Three: The Secret Guardian
Chapter Fourteen: Thrallpolis
Chapter Fifteen: Mother
Chapter Sixteen: Ghost
Chapter Seventeen: Lost in the Forest
Chapter Eighteen: Fish Guts
Chapter Nineteen: Keeper of Secrets
Chapter Twenty: A New Acquaintance
Chapter Twenty-One: Lovers United

Arria, a land of rocky shores, myths and legends, mist and magic, mystery and music.
Arria, a song that is both familiar and unfamiliar to you. It bears you to the surface, and moves you to the depths of your being as the woman stands alone at the center of the stage, singing her heart out to you for one brief, yet long moment in the middle of the chaos that is the opera of life.


Part One: The Militia Tryouts
Chapter One: On The Threshold
Marry me, my dear, and I will give you
A bed of roses to sleep on. Marry me, my dear,
And I will give you the dreams we have to share.
Marry me, my dear, and you will know only happiness.
--Love song from Mirandor

“You could wait, you know,” Oaka said to Basha a month after Basha’s birthday. When stretched out on his back, Oaka was a tall, thin young man. Half-dressed in a linen shirt and breeches with his hands tucked underneath his tousled black head, he didn’t seem to want to move out of bed, a little lazy this morning.
“Wait for what?” Basha snapped, feeling nervous. He was already up, getting dressed in his freshest, finest clothes. A small bouquet of flowers lay on top of the armoire, just waiting for his hands to hold and carry them to Jawen. Mila be praised that there were flowers already blooming this season, although they were weak. New blossoms did not have the full strength and beauty that later flowers did. 
Yet he already knew what his older brother was going to say even before Oaka brought it up. “To propose to Jawen. A few more years, you both might be ready.”
“I’m not going to wait a few more years,” Basha said, fixing up the tie around his neck and checking his reflection in the small mirror hanging inside on the door of the armoire. He sighed to himself. “And Jawen will be ready tomorrow, I know it.”
“You don’t know that for sure,” Oaka remarked.
“If I wait, I might lose the chance to marry Jawen.” He turned around to face Oaka, a little fed up with his brother’s criticisms. But to save on time, so that he wouldn’t be delayed with another long argument with Oaka over Jawen, he explained, “If I wait, she might marry somebody else. What is the matter with you?”
“What?” Oaka asked. Right now his eyes seemed to be glazed over with fear and happiness, an odd combination.
“Are you nervous?” Basha asked.
“Why should I be?” Oaka asked as he stared up at the ceiling’s wood beams with a half smile, half grimace frozen on his face. “Apart from the big day tomorrow.” He fidgeted a little bit. Besides the tightness in his voice and the look in his big green eyes, he otherwise had an easy demeanor visible in his body. Oaka was always at ease, like a cat after a kill.
“You’re going to ask for Sisila tomorrow?” Basha asked, wondering if something else was amiss with Oaka.
“Yes, yes, of course I will, who else would I ask for?” Oaka asked and then inhaled sharply, sitting up in bed. “You don’t know that she will marry somebody else.”
“She is one of the most desirable girls in town.” Basha sighed and turned back to the armoire, picking out the waistcoat and slipping his arms into the armholes. “As the merchant’s oldest daughter, she’s going to have a whole slew of beaus wanting to marry her for her father’s wealth and position, most notably Hastin.” 
“Who would want to marry Jawen and get Lapo for their father-in-law?” Oaka cringed. “Not even Hastin would be so desperate, I think. The man is a cheat, no matter how much wealth or power he possesses; Father said so. So who would want that?”
“Careful what you say, Oaka,” Basha said, raising a finger to his older brother as he pulled the waistcoat across his chest and started buttoning it up. “That man, who is a cheat, is also Jawen’s father, and he might be my future father-in-law if she likes me well enough to want to marry me.”
“Which is a big ‘if’ in my opinion,” Oaka muttered.
“Shut up!” Basha cried and then sighed as he realized that he wasn’t at all surprised by Oaka’s response. “Don’t you care enough about me, Oaka, to at least stop criticizing me all the time?” 
“What are you talking about, Basha? I don’t criticize you all of the time,” Oaka said, grimacing and smiling at the same time.
“I don’t want your opinion if you’re not going to be helpful. Why are you so against me and Jawen?” 
“Because she’s not right for you, Basha,” Oaka insisted.
“Then who is right for me?” Basha asked. “Because I don’t see a whole lot of girls lining up to pound on the door of the inn so that I can woo them and offer them…Well, what can I offer them?” 
“Yourself,” Oaka said begrudgingly.
“So how much is that worth in the great big scheme of things?” He sighed and continued, “Lapo’s wealth and power don’t matter much to me, yet I can’t compete with what Lapo offers his daughter in terms of financial security. And I certainly can’t compete with what those other boys are going to offer her in terms of looks and prospects.”
He turned and solemnly appraised himself in the mirror with the waistcoat on, making a rather unimpressive figure in his own mind when compared to some of the other boys in town, like Hastin and even Oaka. He could hardly be called homely, yet he wasn’t exactly handsome. His body was of a medium build, not athletic, not fat, not too tall and not too short, but just average with some muscles in his arms and legs from working out in the fields and training to fight with a sword. He couldn’t be said to be the striking model of a hero, not like one of the ancient Knights of Arria, who had faced the evil of Doomba. He was just his self, and that was all he had, which frightened him most of all. What was he worth to Jawen? Was he enough?
Oaka hemmed and hawed a bit, as if he wanted to say something else just before Basha left to see Jawen, but Basha said, “You know it’s true, Oaka. You’re going to inherit the inn; there’s nothing else for me. You’re the oldest, and the trueborn son of our parents, and it all passes down to you by rights, whereas I, on the other hand, have no real parents, or family, to call my own. Just my mother, Kala, who died giving birth to me.” He sighed. “She left me with nothing of my own, nothing to inherit from her. I have food, family, and shelter, but that’s all because of your parents, not mine.”
“Basha, it’s not that bad!” Oaka said.
“I’m sorry, Oaka, I am, but it’s the truth, the truth as Lapo sees it, the truth as everybody else in town sees it. But we are a family, I know; we are a family by choice, not by rights,” Basha said, repeating a phrase that his adoptive mother had uttered to cheer him up the first time she had told him and many times after. “You might support me if I stay on at the inn, to work for you in the years to come, like Uncle Smidge does, but I still would not have enough money to support Jawen.”
Oaka stared at him. “I’m not going to argue with that,” he said in a half-joking way, although he didn’t really mean it.
“It wouldn’t be fair to her, I suppose, if I were to depend on charity for the rest of my life,” Basha said. “I might have a chance to support her by earning enough with other endeavors, like getting into the militia and the Border Guards, but still, it’s not like I can get an immediate response. What am I doing?” he asked, turning away from Oaka. 
People walked by him every day without more than a casual glance. They knew him, though, these townspeople of Coe Baba, his friends and family; they knew him and everything about him here, or so they thought, except for what was unknown. Basha had no proof that he was not a balnor. He had only his birth mother’s word, and she was not alive to tell others of his birth father. If only she had lived and told them. If only she had not died. If only he had not been born at all. Basha felt that way sometimes.
No one knew who his real family was, whether his birth parents were rich or poor, and so his social status was unknown. He was unquantifiable in the legal sense, as no one could prove whether or not he was an orphan or a balnor. He had doubts about himself that even he could not stand, and sometimes it overwhelmed him to be faced with such predicaments. He wondered sometimes if he was missing something, if he was forgetting something. He wondered if he was lost, and if other people knew the way. Where was he going, and where were all of these other people going as well? 
Basha sometimes thought that other people treated him differently, that his mother was too kind, his father too harsh, and his brother too overbearing with him because of who he was, or who they thought he was, and what had happened to him. And people outside his family treated him as a stranger to be regarded suspiciously. They just did not trust him completely. 
Perhaps his birth mother had done something wrong? He did not know this for certain, but he had heard rumors. Were they true?
If only he could find an easier way of going through life, he might take it. Gods, he almost missed Monika.

“Penniless miller, come singing on the road, the lovely maiden passes by with a hope,” Basha sang as he walked down the main road of Coe Baba, adjusting the tie around his neck. “Blow her a kiss, and dance away from haven.” His other hand gripped the bouquet of early-blooming flowers, barely more than weeds at this point. His feet nearly slipped, as the road was still wet from the thaw, not good to walk upon unless you were sure of yourself.
The snow was behind them now; it would not snow again, or at least not so heavily, until the next Sna season. It would rain instead. The mild snow would turn into sleet and slush and dissolve into rain once the sun shone brighter and the temperature rose. It was the first day of a new year and the first season Reda, the season of rebirth in between the seasons of Sna, snow, and Plig, planting, one of five seasons with two months each. Each season had thirty-six days in the first month and thirty-seven days in the second month, with the exception of an extra day every four years at year’s end. For five months now--or close to five months now, if one did not count the months when they were apart--Basha had dated Jawen, ever since their first kiss.
He continued on his own, once he had turned onto the side road that led south and west from the town square. “I love you, I love you, that’s all I want to say. I love you, I love you, that’s all I want to sing…” He stopped and sighed, saying to himself, “But I hope I can say it, I hope I can sing it, without the door slamming right into my face.” He was now surrounded by the houses of the rich in Coe Baba, not his type of neighborhood. He stepped around a herd of sheep, hoping to avoid their balnor as a shepherd boy prodded them on toward the fields by the river near the baron’s estate. He hated balnor. But then he paused when he thought he saw the shutter to Jawen’s bedroom window move. Was she up there? No, it must have been the wind.
Calluses covered both of his hands from his years of labor at the inn and in the communal fields, cuts as well from learning how to use a sword in classes taught by Sir Nickleby. He hoped that she might be able to see these hands, these calluses and cuts upon them, as signs that he could support her with his hard work. But he also wished that he had smoother hands, so that he might be able to hold her without his skin brushing up roughly against hers. 
He was seventeen years old, and this was going to be his best year ever. He was going to make it so by doing all of the things he had wanted to do, but had never dared to do, namely proposing to his beloved Jawen. 
He stopped in front of a large house, second only to the baron’s at the very end. The merchant’s house was two stories tall with blue shutters in the front and made from brick, the most expensive material. It was adorned with blue and red wooden trim, almost too similar in shade to the baron’s and Coe Baba’s heraldic colors, a decorative cornice along the roofline, and pilasters alongside the paneled red wooden front door supporting a roof over the front porch. All of the windows of Lapo’s house, including the large dormer windows on the second floor, were casement windows with delicate, fragile, and expensive glass panes.
Basha hesitated, wondering if he should go up to that front door, but then Jawen would not like that, especially if she was still worried about her father. Always her father. Lapo, Lapo—everything was about Lapo. Basha thought he couldn’t hide it anymore, all of his anger and frustration over what could easily be solved if she wasn’t so insistent upon not upsetting her father. 
And yet she was sparing herself as well as him, wasn’t she? Basha couldn’t blame her for trying to escape her problems, but even he had to admit that she had gone too far and had avoided too much trouble for too long. She had to face what she had wrought and decide what she wanted to do with her life, just as he would decide with his own. It was time. “Someday, Jawen, you will see me,” Basha said, a refrain he had repeated over the years ever since he was eight years old; a refrain he had repeated to give himself strength, especially now as he stood on Jawen’s front doorstep. 
His actions were crazy. They would immediately put both of them at risk, not just with Lapo, but also with Jawen, as she had forbidden him from coming near her home. Lapo might answer the door or something like that. He just hoped that he would be able to run fast enough if that was called for. He did not want to wait anymore, though, and to take a risk like this, so soon before the Courtship ritual would start, might make Jawen think twice about what his intentions and what she wanted to do. Maybe she might even realize that it was time for them to be together. Basha knocked on the door, taking a deep breath as he hid his anxiety by holding his head and his bouquet high. Today would be the start of his new future and his new life with Jawen, and maybe then he would be satisfied.

“Jawen! Can you go get that?” His manner businesslike and self-assured, Lapo wrapped his arms around his wife, Mawen, as she cooked breakfast and rubbed his face into Mawen’s neck as he yelled at his oldest daughter. Though Jawen liked the thought that her parents still loved each other after so many years of marriage, she did not like the sight of them so promiscuously intertwined together, right in front of her when she was just about to eat breakfast, and with the other children present as well. Her parents weren’t supposed to have such “feelings” for each other out in public, Jawen thought to herself, when they were supposed to be mature, respectable adults. No wonder they had so many children. 
Technically, Jawen was the most responsible figure in the household, beside her parents, at this point, as she was the oldest child still living there. Sencaen, who was nineteen, had already married and moved out of the household. He was…Jawen could not really describe him. She had never been as close to Sencaen, perhaps, as to her younger siblings. Sencaen had been close to her father before he left, traveling with him on his merchant trips, but Jawen had spent most of her time here, helping to take care of her younger siblings, especially Rajar, Annalise, and Tukansa, and the household in general alongside her mother. 
Her father had been disappointed when Sencaen had abandoned him, absconding with a young woman he had disapproved of, when he had wanted Sencaen to take over some of his duties in preparation for his inheritance. But for now, her father had to look elsewhere for solace and continue the family business on his own.
Jawen sighed and said, “Okay, Father!” as she got up, already leaving the kitchen table. 
Tukansa, or “Tuki” for short, was about six years old, the baby girl of the family who had little idea of what was going on around her as she played with her dolls. Annalise was about eight years old and starting to become more aware, or at least more curious about what was going on around her, as she often glanced over at her parents kissing whenever she thought no one was looking. 
Rajar was ten and obnoxious. He was always pulling on Annalise’s hair or stealing Tukansa’s dolls, trying to lord it over his younger female siblings or get attention for himself. Jawen never could figure out his motivations. All she could to do was to intervene and make sure that Rajar behaved, giving back Tukansa’s dolls intact and apologizing to the girls. Either he would learn how to behave, grow up enough to supplant and suppress his feelings, or Annalise and Tukansa might gang up on him, or perhaps a little bit of everything.
Fence was twelve and had already gotten out of the worst phases of childhood by most accounts, although now he was on the brink of manhood and almost ready to train under Sir Nickleby, commander of the town militia. Fence’s head had swelled a bit, and he imagined himself to be a dashing knight or a daring highwayman. She passed by Fence’s chair and had to dodge his knife and fork as he dueled with himself. “Watch it!” she cried. “Aim for the fork!”
“Sorry!” 
Talia was fifteen, the sister closest in age, if not in temperament, to her. Talia seemed to be the most spoiled and conceited of her siblings, though Jawen was incapable of judging herself. The two of them shared a room and held a lot of grudges against each other. Talia was the closest thing she had to a rival in her family. Talia and Jawen glowered at each other as Jawen passed by. “I wonder who it could be?” Talia smirked at her older sister. Jawen raised a finger and shook it at her but didn’t say a word.
She did not want anyone to suspect what was happening outside, as she had already glimpsed through her bedroom window, just before coming downstairs to help separate Rajar and Annalise, Basha walking down the street, dressed in a fine white buttoned-down collared shirt with a tie, and flowers in his hands. Her mouth had dropped at the sight of him moving with a spring in his step. She almost thought about running outside to stop him coming here, but her family would surely notice.
 Not now, she had thought, not today. Why couldn’t things just stay the same as they always were? He had been dancing, she was fairly certain of that, and singing, or wailing at least, and she could not look away from him. He was saying something, over and over again, though she could not hear what he was singing, or saying, as he was too far away. She had closed the shutters to her bedroom window just as he had looked up while sidestepping around a flock of sheep and their shepherd. She did not think he had seen her.
She had hoped that it would be just an ordinary day, that nothing new would ever change it, but it was not meant to be. Not now, she thought, not today. Did she ever want to leave her family? Jawen thought as she closed the kitchen door behind her. Maybe she did, but only just a little bit. She loved her family, despite what troubles she might have with them. 
Conflicted about what to do, she went down the front hallway, which was lined with tapestries and even bits of wallpaper, but she did not want to look at the decorations. They reminded her too much of her father’s activities, which may or may not be legal. A clock chimed, and she brushed back a bit of hair.
Her father was the one of the most respected, richest merchants in town who supplied the stores with what they needed to sell, goods from faraway places that people could not find in Coe Baba, and he also sold furniture and other goods from Coe Baba in other towns as part of the exchange. Not many townspeople traveled beyond Coe Baba, along roads or trails that had to be cleared if they became overgrown, or might contain traps that lulled travelers into believing that everything was safe. And sometimes, if people did survive the trip to another town, they did not come back here ever again. 
Coe Baba was one of the smallest towns in the middle of nowhere. Who would ever want to travel here, or live here? Except for those fanatics, the worshippers of the Oracle of Mila, nobody from out of town ever really came here, and people mostly only stayed in Coe Baba because it was safe and peaceful and they were used to living here. 
And for those who got the chance to leave, most often the ones accepted by the Border Guards, some of them never came back again, because there was so much promise, excitement, and opportunities out there for them to enjoy. Basha could be one of those young men, Jawen thought to herself sometimes. If he ever got the chance to leave Coe Baba for good, joining the Border Guards or something like that, then he might never want to come back again. There was very little holding him here, aside from his family, and her. If he ever got it into his head that there was nothing left for him here, then he might leave for good. He always said that he never really belonged here, and he ran away once, as a boy. He could do it again.
Well, her father always came back. She could always depend upon her father for that, and he brought things from the outside world such as books, clothes, and jewelry that people needed to sell, to survive and thrive, and he also helped them sell their own goods in other towns. They demanded his service, and he profited from it, garnering a lot of praise over the years from the townspeople of Coe Baba, for he gave them what they wanted. He sold his wares to the storekeepers and to the Baron in Coe Baba, he sold their wares in other towns, he partnered with other merchants to help transport their goods and he kept a little more for himself than was agreed upon in these exchanges.
“I deserve such rewards for what I can get for the townspeople,” Lapo had said to Jawen once when she tried to confront him about these extra cuts for himself. “I risk much on my trips, when my invested time and money, not to mention my life, is threatened by thieves, swindlers, and even nature along the way.”
“Not to mention the money and goods from other townspeople and the Baron.” Jawen had said. “And who knows what else from other merchants?”
“So what if I take a little, money or goods? It’s not exactly what you would call stealing.” Lapo had said.
“But you lie to them!” Jawen had cried. “You lie and shortchange the townspeople for the sales of goods from Coe Baba, you overcharge them on the sales of goods from other towns, and you still take money from them for your salary!”
“How did you learn all about this?” Lapo had asked.
“I looked at your accounts.” Jawen had said. “There were some gaps between what you earned and what you charged. Not to mention this painting, which was a duplicate that you would have sold, along with others, as an original in Coe Wana, and this mirror from Pakka, which should have gone to Coe Anji with the rest of the merchant train passing through Coe Dobila, but you stole it, along with numerous other pieces around the house. I can’t even fathom how much all of it is worth.” 
Personally, Jawen thought that Lapo had kept the mirror for himself to admire his reflection in and to have everyone in the family look presentable before they went outside to face the world and that he had kept the painting to ennoble his household, as if it belonged to a lord and his family. But she did not feel so noble.
“Huh. Smart. Be that as it may, you have to figure in the costs of my trips, both ways.” Lapo had said, “My salary doesn’t cover all of those costs, not to mention the side trips and transportation partnerships.”
“How much do they cost?” Jawen asked. “And how much do you earn from them?”
“Not nearly enough.” Lapo said. “I need to esure that I have full coverage with my livelihood if anything goes wrong with one of my trips.”
“Or if you do anything wrong.” Jawen remarked.
“Anyway, as for these other pieces of furniture and decorations, well, I paid for these goods, the same as anybody else, even though the price might have been different for me in the end.” He shook his head. “It’s not like anybody else, or hardly anybody else, could afford the merchandise that I pulled off of my own wagon or merchant train.” He coughed. “And those things would have been wasted if I or anyone else, had to sell them, and couldn’t, except at a slashed rate, and after I had traveled so many miles, faced constant threat, and paid good money just for a clearance sale? Malakel it, I am not going to stand for that!” He thumped his hand down at this point, startling Jawen and setting her teeth on edge. “I might as well enjoy the fruit of my labor.”
“Excuses, excuses.” Jawen said.
“The baron knows about it, by the way.” Lapo added. “He understands that I have to do this for the sake of our family.”
“And your friendship with the baron doesn’t factor into it?” 
“He is my friend, but most of the time, that doesn’t have anything to do with my job. He is still one of my employers and partners.”
“And you give him a generous loan every once in awhile.” 
“I am the only merchant who will handle Coe Baba’s trade!” Lapo had cried. “Without me, there would be no outside trading! None of the other merchants in Coe Anji or Coe Dobila or Coe Wana will even come to Coe Baba! I talk to them, I try to arrange some trades, to get some of my partners to invest in Coe Baba, but they think we are too backwards, unprofitable, and dangerous. They don’t think it’s worth their time and effort. But I am committed to this job and I can be trusted to handle it. I haven’t earned a name for myself just by shortchanging and overcharging everyone. I do the job, regardless of what happens. I bring wealth to this community.” He had said. “The baron knows that. He knows that I won’t cheat anyone beyond what I require and I still contribute. I don’t abandon my hometown.”
“But father, I still don’t see how you could justify it.” Jawen had said, though in a timid voice as she started to see her argument failing.
“Look, Jawen, I know that you think life should be fair, and that there should be a balance in the world with everyone earning what is fair and reasonable, but that’s not how these things work out.” Lapo said. “Life is unfair, things can change suddenly, and sometimes you have to take advantage of what you can get before it is too late. You have to fight for your share and earn as much as you make or take.”
“I’m not that naïve.” Jawen muttered.
“I only take a little bit to support myself and my family, give them the nicer things in life. My ventures pay off well in the end for everyone involved, and everyone is happy. You are happy, aren’t you, my dear baby girl?” He would smile at Jawen then. He would win his arguments with her by saying so much that, after awhile, even Jawen agreed with him. 
Jawen had been through this type of conversation with him before. Ever since she was little, she had been told that she was her father’s baby girl, and she could depend on him to get her everything she had ever wanted. He was good at getting things from other people, sometimes selling to them at a higher rate than he was charged and sometimes buying from them at a greater quantity and lower price than he needed to sell.
Oh, sometimes it did not matter to her what her father did, so long as he did not try to interfere in the personal affairs of anyone, especially herself. For even though she did not exactly like what he was doing or saying sometimes, he only tried to provide the best for himself and his family, right? And he might have cheated the townspeople a little bit, not to mention other merchants, but that was only to be expected, only fair, when life could be cruel. He was ruthless in protecting what belonged to him and what he loved. He was her father, after all, and she loved him as well. 
Jawen hesitated before opening the front door. Her father had told her and her siblings to never settle for second-best but to always keep negotiating for the best offers. That was how he got to be so successful in business. Though she was old enough now to be serious about finding a potential husband, she doubted that Basha would be a respectable-enough candidate for her father—or for herself. 
Her circumstances as the merchant’s oldest daughter carried a certain amount of prestige. The townspeople did not know the full extent of her father’s indiscretions, and neither did she, but they all saw him as respectable. There were two other fledging merchant businesses that had tried to trade in or around Coe Baba, but Lapo owned the monopoly; he was the merchant prince of Coe Baba, and no one could beat him, so he was respectable. That was how society ran.
Who would ever want to leave Coe Baba, this peaceful place, when the world was such a dangerous place? Jawen thought to herself. Those that did had to be crazy. Sometimes she wanted to leave Coe Baba, in her most desperate moments, but she was so scared, so afraid of going out there, with good reason, that she was afraid that she never would.
Jawen heard a sound and turned around to see Annalise standing in the hallway, framed by the tapestries and wallpaper on either side of her as she grasped her dolly. Annalise asked, “What are you doing?” to Jawen.
“I’m just…Go back into the kitchen,” Jawen told her little sister before she opened the front door to Basha.

Basha waited, thinking that it was taking a while for someone to open the front door. He rubbed his sweaty palms against his pants and then wiped off his face and forehead, smoothing back his hair in the process. He wanted to see Jawen, but he couldn’t stand around out here all day. He hummed and sang a little tune, whistling as he started to sniff himself, hoping that he smelled nice and clean. And then the front door opened. 
Even knowing who would be there, Jawen’s heart leapt at the sight of him. He looked ridiculous standing there with his pathetic bouquet and holding his arm up to smell himself, obviously very nervous. He reminded her of the little boy she had made fun of long before she had ever gotten to know him, long before she had ever fallen in love with him. He could not be any more different than what her father had planned for her. 
Yet when she looked at him, she did not think much about respectability, or money. He reminded her of a god, one that stayed young and indomitable forever. And that scared her. He just had to use that hidden force of strength and determination to do some good. 
Basha lowered his arm, freezing as Jawen stood in the doorway, staring at him and at his bouquet with her blue eyes. Her face was prominent with large features, hardy and full of class. An old blue cotton dress covered her shapely form. Basha couldn’t help but notice the laugh lines around her mouth and the coy glint in her eyes as he saw her throat move when she gulped. She looked past him, apparently checking again for anyone watching them, just as he said, “I have come here…” He inhaled, trying to calm himself down, “to ask you…”
“Are you here to woo me, or have you come to help me feed the pigs?” Jawen asked. 
“I come to you with a yearning heart!” he exclaimed, throwing his hands up into the air. His heart had been yammering so fast that nothing could touch it, but now it came crashing down. “Respect me, and accept me for who I am, and what my feelings are!” he insisted. “At least don’t joke about it. Don’t joke about my love for you,” he said, lowering his hands and pulling back his flowers in frustration. “Be serious for once.” Several petals had been shaken loose. He should have known that she would do this, Basha thought. He could almost hear his older brother laughing at him in the back of his mind, but he had hoped that she would take him seriously, just this once, especially when the Courtship ritual would take place tomorrow.
He reminded her of a puppy dog, especially when she made fun of him. His little nose would flare up, and his large brown eyes, usually as intense and somber as a scholar’s, would light up in anger. It was priceless. She tried not to laugh as he ranted and raved about a bit. She ought to be scared that he might harm her, but she wasn’t—she knew that he wouldn’t. No matter what she did, or what she tried to say, she ended up always teasing him. It was easier than trying to acknowledge her own feelings for him sometimes, and at least she was kinder to him than she had been before. 
Her little sister stood behind her, watching Basha’s reaction to the pig joke. Annalise whispered, “You know you should not be seen with—”
“Be quiet! Go away!” Jawen told her. 
Annalise finally went away, but she was bound to blab to their father soon. So Jawen had to get Basha out of here, but she wanted to hear what he had to say. She owed him that much after the years of trouble she had put him through. He had not even noticed Annalise was there at all, he was so angry, and Jawen was angry at him, too, for putting them both at risk. 
“I am not. Basha, you shouldn’t even have asked me for anything,” Jawen said. “You shouldn’t even have come here. What do you want me to say?” Yet he put up with it for the most part. He knew that she was still attracted to him. Why else would he keep coming back? She wished that she wasn’t, sometimes, but she couldn’t help it. It was the way that they were attracted to each other; it was the way that they were meant to be together. She could see him as something inevitable. She could not put him off for years; eventually he would find a way into her heart.
“When will you say you love me, in front of everyone, by accepting my proposal of marriage?” Basha asked.
Jawen frowned. “I ought not to, but Basha, I love you; you know that.” She softened. “I just don’t know if I can say it in front of everyone just yet when I’m going to be facing my father along with them.” 
“Jawen, please tell me when.”
 “I don’t know when I can accept your proposal of marriage, but not right now. Maybe when Mount Doomba turns to ice?” she asked, hopelessly smiling. There had always been a certain amount of tension between Basha and Jawen, a back-and-forth game of love and lust ever since they were little; she had not recognized it then. But as they got older, it had developed and grown more intense, a ritual of fight or flight between them, chasing each other around and trying to hide, or show, their real feelings.
 “Jawen, be serious.” 
“All right already, I will be serious.” Jawen groaned. “But can’t it wait just a little while longer?” she wheedled. “I haven’t lost you yet, have I, Basha?” She knew she was being ridiculous, but she hoped that it would be enough to keep him satisfied for now until she was ready to get married.
“Jawen, you haven’t lost me. But I don’t want to wait around forever.” He sighed and added, “I want to move on with you to something better than kissing and cuddling. I want us to get married, and prove to the world that our love is deep enough to survive that step. That is why I was thinking of asking for your hand in marriage tomorrow.” 
“Tomorrow! But Basha, that is too soon for me—we haven’t even gotten that far yet!” Either her dreams and aspirations were coming true, or they were doomed. She wished she knew which. She knew she had to trade something old for something new, though. She was mean and cruel to him sometimes for the mere sake of having some control over her own life for as long as possible. 
“Jawen, we have gotten that far already. I think that we have gotten to know each other well enough for us to get married.” 
She frowned. How dare he use their intimate relationship against her? “But Basha, that isn’t true. Love is not the same as getting married. We have not even gone out on a date yet!” 
“A date? Jawen, you wouldn’t ever ask me. You wouldn’t even accept when I asked. How could we have gone out on a date together?” 
“I know, but we need to spend time together in one another’s company, just to know each other better without kissing or cuddling or sex.” She gestured. “I didn’t want to be seen with you—not out in public, at any rate—but I still want to get to know you better.” Jawen hesitated as she tried to find the right words. Her mind told her heart to stay calm. How could she even think about doing this, accepting his proposal of marriage? She couldn’t do this, could she? 
She would be leaving her family, and maybe even her friends, behind if she went with Basha. She did not want to desert them, yet hardly any of them would want to associate, or be associated with, the balnor of a possible murderess. She did not want to be deserted by them either, but still, she did not want to let him go. She discouraged Basha sometimes, but she did not want to lose him completely. Her heart ached at the thought that she might never get the chance to marry Basha, but her heartbreak might be even greater in the end if she stayed with him, for he might not be worth the trouble.
She did not want to lose all of her options in life—a job perhaps, or a marriage better suited to her—but she also did not want to live without Basha’s love. She did not want to grow up and face the inevitable, but she would have to make the choice sometime. 
“Yes, I still love you,” Jawen started to say.
“Jawen! What in the name of Tau?” A new voice interrupted, coming from down the hallway inside her home.
“Basha, go!” Jawen cried. Her father hadn’t heard her, had he?
Basha ran off before he could even stop to think of what he was doing.
“Wasn’t that the little balnor Geda raised?” he heard Lapo say.
“I am not a balnor!” Basha yelled back at Lapo, turning around. “My name is Basha, and you…” He hesitated again, realizing Jawen was still there, and he could not insult her father right in front of her. 
Lapo took a few steps toward him. He ran off again, flowers flying. That went well, Basha thought sarcastically to himself, as well as could be expected. 
Guard dogs inside their yards barked at Basha as he ran past them. Lapo didn’t chase after him, but still he raced through the well-to-do neighborhood with its imposing houses spaced out apart from each other in their languid lots; he wanted to get away from this latest scene of embarrassment. He never should have run like that, Basha realized, he should have stood up for himself and confronted Lapo with his intentions, made himself honorable in the face of his potential father-in-law.
He stopped as he realized…Yuck, he had stepped in sheep balnor. He wiped his shoe off as best he could on the ground. He wanted to prove himself worthy, but he shouldn’t have gone up to the front door and called out Lapo like this, disrespectful of the man whose daughter he wanted to marry, and of Jawen as well.
“No one should have to be treated like this,” Basha muttered to himself, shaking his head.
Yet he could not face Lapo now, for he might get beaten up by Lapo in front of Jawen, or the fight might go in the opposite direction, and Jawen would hate him if he hurt her father. He was uncertain about what would happen if Lapo did confront him, but he was almost certain that it would end up in a fight somehow. 

A few feet behind Basha, and unbeknownst to him, a person walked out from the lawn shared by two of the rich, large houses in this part of Coe Baba and watched Basha head toward the town square and straight into the pile of sheep balnor. The person stifled a laugh and then was silent, looking around to make sure that no one, especially Basha, was watching as the person moved forward to the next gap between houses. 
The guard dogs did not bark at the person moving silently and carefully, probably because the person did not seem like much of a threat. The dogs might bare their teeth and growl softly at the person, but they did not bark. They waited to see if the person would come toward them.
The person remained intent on Basha and his actions, however, always wary about being spotted in case Basha might start to suspect that he usually was never alone.

“Father, how could you say that?” Jawen asked a little while later. Jawen was angry at Basha for leaving her. It had been a cowardly thing for him to do, after everything he had done to her, but then she was a coward, too. Basha might have acted like a balnor just then, but he wasn’t, he really wasn’t, and she was as much to blame for this as he was. No, she was even angrier at her father for having split them asunder, forcing them to go through such extremes.
Lapo strode forward past his daughter, fuming as he stood on the threshold of his home, watching the boy go. “You better run, you malakeling…What?” he asked Jawen, turning back to her as he slammed the front door shut. “He is a little balnor; everyone knows that. Thanks to you.” Lapo muttered the last. 
Jawen frowned. She feared and trusted her father who supported them, for he was the lynchpin of circumstances, and circumstances could change. Yet she loved him as well and wanted his approval, for, as the oldest daughter, she was the center of the family in some ways. They needed her just as much as she needed them. She helped run things, while her mother did nothing more strenuous than cook breakfast. Jawen cleaned the house and went shopping, enlisting the aid of her younger siblings whenever she needed a hand.
She trusted her father to take care of her and, loyal to the family, she wanted to satisfy him and make him happy to keep everybody else happy. But the only ones who weren’t happy, though, were her and Basha. Her father loved her and wanted her to have the best of all possible things, as he did for most of the family, but that meant different things to both of them. 
He sighed and shook his head. “Mother dies, dumping him on the front doorstep of the inn, after she kills a man…It was only a matter of time before he grew up to learn that. Or at least part of that, at any rate, thanks to you.” 
“Don’t you dare say that,” Jawen said.
“Why? Do you care what he thinks?” Lapo stopped, looking at her. “What he feels about you?” 
“I don’t care,” she lied. Her father wanted more for her than what Basha could provide, and she wanted Basha because the boy was willing to provide her with everything she wanted, even though he couldn’t exactly give it. 
“Honey, who was that at the front door?” Mawen called from the kitchen.
“It was no one, Mawen, just the innkeeper’s balnor,” Lapo answered as they entered the kitchen.
“The innkeeper’s balnor? That boy?” Mawen sputtered, throwing down a spoon and turning around from where she stood by the stove to face them. “Why would he be here?” 
“He was going to ask us if he might borrow a cup of flour, just before Father came and scared him off,” Jawen said after a moment’s thought. She sat down at the table in a hurry.
“Why would he want a cup of flour from us?” Mawen started to ask.
“And what were those flowers doing in his hands?” Lapo asked as he sat down next to Jawen. “The ones that he was holding, Mawen; looked like a fresh-picked bouquet!” he exclaimed as his wife passed out breakfast plates.
“A present for his mother,” Jawen said. “It’s Habala’s birthday soon, and they needed the flour to bake the cake for her. They didn’t want to buy flour from the store, because they had to save their money for a bigger birthday present, and they thought that we might have some, Father, since you have a lot.” 
“Uh-huh,” Lapo said. “Right. I hope you’re not getting involved in anything you might regret.” He started eating.
Jawen looked up, wondering what he meant by that.
“It would be pleasant if it was true,” Mawen said, leaning against the table with a plate in her hands. “Just think of it—they’re running out of money.” She set the plate down. “Pretty soon, it might be possible for someone else to own the inn.” Mawen smiled as she handed out another plate. “I have always wanted to own an inn like the Smiling Stallion.”
“The Smiling Stallion Inn is the only inn in Coe Baba.” Lapo sighed as he stopped eating. “Until I get the funds collected and the land grant to build on the east end of town, closer to traffic from the Oracle of Mila.” He shrugged as Mawen gasped. “One hopes a farmer might lose his land,” he added with a grin.
“Oh, Lapo,” Mawen said, hugging her husband. “I knew you would not forget your promise to me. It has been so many years.”
“I have not forgotten. It was a memorable evening,” Lapo said to his wife, before turning to face his children. “We were invited to the inn,” he told them. “Celebration of Oaka’s birth. We didn’t want to go, of course, but, well, everyone in town had been invited, and we didn’t have a good excuse; everyone would have noticed.”
“Why didn’t you want to go?” Annalise asked.
“He had already accused me of stealing, or had started talking about it, at any rate.” Lapo chuckled. “Remember when we had him arrested? Anyway,” he said, continuing on with his story, “we went, said hello, and saw the baby, but that was about it. Then, just as we were settling down and talking about how we could have owned the inn eventually, if the babe had not been born, the front door opened. A madwoman walked in, clutching a sword; we saw that the sword was bloody later on when the constable confiscated the weapon. That woman was none other than Basha’s birth mother. She literally gave birth to him with blood on her hands,” Lapo said, shaking his head. “Shameful,” he added.
The other children listened, mesmerized as Lapo described this scene, but Jawen looked down and tried not to say anything in protest as she had heard this part of the story before. 
Jawen had no idea what to make of the story of Kala being a potential murderess. Could Basha be capable of the same? Then Annalise asked her if she could pass over the sugar, and after what she had done to disturb Jawen and Basha by calling their father, Jawen spilled the sugar all over her little sister in vengeance.
Marrying Basha, though the boy had nothing to support her with, was a dream that she had. She wanted to be with him, close by him, and smell his hair as he told her that everything was going to be all right. What a deft boy like Basha had to do was make up for the lack of support from her family and prove to her father that he could support the man’s daughter. A grand dower would be just the thing, but she wasn’t expecting much.
Chapter Two: The Perfect Moment
Tichia, god of knowledge, wandered the world and
Studied its motivations and operations after the break-up
Of his parents. He met Sitha, goddess of mystery and Magic, and tried to study her for awhile before he asked her...
--The Legends of Arria

Basha continued on, walking as he went around the town square. He hated fighting. Always had, even though…Basha frowned and shook his head, looking out across the town square, or what remained of the town square after it had been converted into a park.
Years ago, boys and girls had planned for a week or so to stage a fight over the town square, a grassy field at the far west end of the main road surrounded by the road and four buildings: the schoolhouse, the town hall, the post office, and the courthouse/prison. On days when there was no school, no town hall meeting, no mail to deliver or receive, and no trial, it was the perfect place for children to go play, a large space with grass in the middle of town. No carts would pass through here, as adults would avoid this place if they could. 
However, the boys had been hogging the square with wrestling matches and ball games that most girls did not want to get involved in, as these were messy, violent, and disturbing affairs that the girls would rather avoid. Maybe the wrestling matches and ball games were not much different from this proposed fight, but this was an once-in-a-lifetime affair for the girls, while the boys did this sort of thing all of the time. So the dispute had broken out over who would get control of the town square, boys or girls, and what would be played there, sports or games like hide-and-go-seek and roleplaying.
In any case, Basha had not wanted to get involved in this fight. How dirty and disgusting, filthy and humiliating it would be to him when he thought back upon it. He had wanted to avoid this fight, for fear of what might happen to him in the mud-ball turnip slinging. He was not afraid of getting hurt physically as such; he just wanted to avoid discomfort and embarrassment. Besides, so what if the girls gained control of the square? Maybe the girls were right. Maybe the boys had hogged the square for far too long, and it did not seem fair to him that the boys should have the square all of the time. They could share. 
But his older brother Oaka had shouted, “For the dignity of manhood!” and forced him to join the fight. Even then, he had a bad feeling about this fight, about how he and the other boys were risking so much for what seemed like so little. What chance was there that they would succeed and keep what little they did not really own? 
Basha crouched behind the schoolhouse, waiting for his chance to bolt, while the rest of the schoolboys threw rotting dung fruit, named after its horrible smell, at the girls. The oldest boys and girls, in preparation for the big fight, had procured sixteen crates of rotting fruit and vegetables from vendors last night after the marketplace had closed.
“Basha! Help us out!” Oaka cried. 
It was a battle. They were getting ready to charge out at the schoolgirls after having been on the defensive all of this time. They had been caught unawares by the force of the girls’ assault, not knowing that girls could be so strong. But the girls were not completely victorious yet, as the boys still threw the rotting dung fruit, which horrified and disgusted most of the girls. Some of the boys had broken loose and threatened to hit the girls, but the girls were not completely defenseless either as they kicked and screamed, biting and scratching the boys.
Basha could not stand it any longer. He shook his head. “No, Oaka, you guys are on your own,” he said, running away from the main fight. 
“Coward Basha!” Oaka yelled after him, hurling a mud-ball turnip at Basha, but he missed. “Coward!” Oaka cried again before he turned back to the fray.
Basha was tired and wanted to go home. He was still scared from the encounter with the gruelmoff. He did not want to upset his older brother and disappoint the rest of their friends, but he thought that he could do better in this life than join a fight he could not hope to win, a war that seemed unchivalrous. But the more he tried to leave, and resist the urge to follow others like him, the more deeply involved he got in this fight. And he got hit by a mud-ball turnip, which had a spongy center that got even squishier when overripe, before too long. 
The mud-ball turnip splattered all over him as it slammed into his right cheek, tasting of soggy earth and bitter defeat. He was leaving; he was going away—why did he have to get hit just as he was going away? His head knocked to the side, he almost fell down and cried, but he managed to maintain his balance and stood up straight, his face streaked with mud-ball turnip juice and hair sticky with it as well. He stared at the girl laughing at him across the way, a girl he recognized as Jawen, the merchant’s eldest daughter. He was angry with her but upset most of all that it had been her who had hit him. He had seen her from afar several times before, when the boys and girls amicably gathered together to hear the Old Man tell them stories. He had been afraid to approach her on those occasions, for he feared that he might love her. 
He did not know enough about love, or love for a girl in particular, to understand his feelings then. He was just eight years old. He had love for his mother and father, and a little for his older brother, to understand that the feeling was warm. But this love for Jawen was hot, burning, and embarrassing for him. He did not know enough about what he was supposed to do. Should he go up to her? Should he tell her, “Hello, my name is Basha, and I think you’re pretty?” No, he did not want to do that. And so he avoided her, as much as possible, but he could not stop thinking about her. 
Basha got up and walked away from her. He did not want to show any weakness in front of her, or show that what she had done to him made him feel worse than she might have expected. Instead, he headed back toward the schoolhouse, deciding that if he couldn’t leave without getting “trounced” by the girl he thought he loved, he might as well stay here and wait out the rest of the fight before making his clean getaway. Or as clean as he could get, after what had just happened to him. However, that was not meant to be. At this point, some of the girls assembled and whispered among each other before they nodded and turned around to shout, “Dirty, dirty, rotten stinking boys! Why don’t you go home?” 
The astounded boys quickly got together and argued the matter out before they linked arms and strode forward from behind the schoolhouse. “Evil, evil, snot-nosed girls! We don’t like you!” they shouted back, having come up with the chant on the spot.
Basha, caught up in the middle of it all, had to face being surrounded by both sides confronting each other for what had to be the start of the final showdown. The boys and girls chanted against each other for now, but soon it would get physical in a fight that would progress beyond rotting dung fruit and mud-ball turnips.
“Horse-face manure-eater!” he heard Jawen call above the mumble of the crowd. Her voice seemed louder to him than any other’s at this point. He forgot about the gruelmoff, and, hoping that she was speaking to him, even if it was an insult, he turned his head, but instead he spotted her yelling at Oaka. Why would she do a thing like that? What had Oaka ever done to her? Oaka might have a long face, but that was no excuse to call him a “horse face.” He had other fine qualities.
“Do you know me?” Oaka shouted. “Do you know who I am?”
“Do you know me? Do you know who I am?” Basha repeated a split second later, hoping to catch Jawen’s attention.
Jawen glanced toward Basha, distracted from Oaka, and seemed to study him for a minute. “You’re Basha, the balnor boy who was taken in by the innkeeper!” she declared.
The other children gasped. A few laughed, but most were just shocked or confused. Basha stood there, trying to process what he had just heard. “Balnor…” he said, his eyes widening as he realized what the word meant. “That’s a lie!” he cried. “My mother and father are…”
However, he couldn’t even finish as he looked around at everybody. It couldn’t be true; it just couldn’t be true. He wept and ran away before everything that had happened today got to be too much for him. Oaka chased after him, calling “Basha! Basha!,” even though it started sounding like “Balnor! Balnor!” to him.
Basha could not face Jawen then, knowing that this was how she thought of him. He had only wanted to know if she knew anything about him, about his existence. Yet what did she know? She was wrong, totally wrong.
Unfortunately for him, she was not totally wrong—just a little bit wrong. Soon after, he found out the truth about his adoption.
After the dust had settled from the mud-ball turnip fight, the adults had decided to redesign the town square into a park, one with trees, benches, bushes, a clock tower, and a walkway. It was never the same after that. Children could not play in the park like they had once played in the square.
Lapo and Baron Augwys had led the outcry of adults who wanted to change things by creating the park, and they contributed to the process financially and by sponsoring the committee that designed the park. The children had stood to the side and watched the park take shape over what had once been their town square, the place where they could once do whatever they wanted and play however they wished. Now they had to go look for some other spare piece of land that didn’t have any adults hanging around it all of the time. Basha had hated the changes, especially when he knew who was responsible for them.
Sometimes it seemed to him as if everyone wanted him to fight, placing him in a position where fighting appeared to be the best choice out of a limited range of options. He hated that. He could not understand why this was so, but…He stopped as he heard cawing.
“Oh no, not this again!” Basha cried, cowering and covering his head as a murder of crows and ravens passed by over his head, some of them screeching into his ears or pecking at his hands and flowers.
“Shoo! Go away! Leave me alone!” Basha yelped, flinging the bouquet at the most obstinate knot of birds.
Most of the flock, startled by this act, flew away, but the most stubborn birds lingered, landing on rooftops, lampposts, and benches a short distance away to glare at him.
“This is ridiculous,” Basha muttered, trying to convince himself that there was nothing wrong, to be brave and ignore the birds as he went on, but he was slightly creeped out by the whole episode. It had happened to him three times before when no one was around, as he worked out in the fields or wandered near the edge of town, within the last year. But never had they attacked him within the town proper like this. 
He knew that this was not normal, that no one he knew of had ever been attacked by birds like this, unless they had some food with them…Did he have any food with him? No. Did he smell like he had any food on him? Not at all. In fact, he had not eaten this morning, and his clothes were clean. They had been washed, folded, and stored inside his armoire without ever having come into contact with food once since he had last worn them. There was nothing to explain this. “Stupid birds,” he muttered. Though he kept glancing back at them, his footsteps speeding up until they were out of his sight, they did not follow him.
He went down the main road. He would rather avoid a fight with Lapo right now, to pledge his life to his beloved Jawen later on, but he was ashamed of his behavior. He even was scared of some birds. A knight would not have run like this; a knight would have stood up for himself, against Lapo, and against even those birds. But it was a good thing, was it not? To flee was moral if…He sighed. He was upset at being called a balnor, but why should he not be? He was sensitive about the issue, but he had his reasons. Basha looked up at the Smiling Stallion Inn sign, which seemed to mock him, promising him that all he had left for his future was this. But he wouldn’t believe that, not until he had exhausted all other options. 
Worshippers sat around a table in an alcove underneath the mezzanine as he came in, chanting, “Goddess Mila, in whose forest we live and in whose Oracle we follow, we pray to you.” They hummed, rocking back and forth in their seats and bowing their heads as he stopped to watch them from a distance. 
“Let us see the beginning of new things in this tired world, and let us see the return of our old ways,” said their leader.
“Old ways!” they cried in unison, raising their hands up into the air.
Uncle Smidge, sweeping up by the door, laughed softly to himself, not loud enough to be heard by the worshippers. Basha glanced over at him, thinking to himself that though he had never regarded the worshippers seriously enough, simply because they took things to extremes, he had wondered at times if they had a certain resolve that could be admired.
“Let the darkness be lifted from our eyes, and let the light shine through!” they said, waving their hands in the air like a bed of reeds bending in the breeze. Smidge smirked, trying to hold back his laughter. No, they were just crazy, but that didn’t mean they didn’t deserve some respect, Basha thought as he continued on after a moment.
“Did you sell them that scrap of parchment with the Old Language written upon it?” Geda whispered to his wife as Basha came up to them. Oh, no, not again.
“I did, and they were trying to decipher it, but I could tell they had no idea what it meant,” Habala said. She stood in front of the counter, a tray held in one hand, as she waited for her husband to fill a couple of drink orders for the guests. 
Basha shook his head as he heard the worshippers chant, “Let us see more than we ever wanted to see, and let us hear more than we ever wanted to hear, Goddess Mila.” How could they see or hear more? They did not even know what was going on beyond them.
“Are we sure that—” Basha started to say.
“Good. That means we won’t have to deal with any accusations, right, Basha?” Geda remarked as he tapped a cask full of ale from behind the bar. 
“But why do we have to do this?” Basha asked. “Why do we have to sell them trinkets all the time?”
“Souvenirs, Basha, souvenirs.” Geda slammed a glass down on the bar. “Not trinkets, but mementos.” He filled up the glass. “Souvenirs are a way of ingraining the Smiling Stallion Inn into people’s minds so that they will come back here, year after year, no matter what.” Another glass was placed on the tray. “We do not get enough guests to support the inn, and so if we do not do this, then we cannot earn enough money to keep out of debt.” And another glass. “I have to stay one step ahead of Lapo, who will steal this place right out from under me if he ever gets his way, if he ever gets the money, land, and manpower he needs to build an inn outside of town, closer to the Oracle.” The final glass. “And so I have to think like him sometimes—I have to be bad in order to be good.” 
“You think like Lapo too much sometimes,” Basha said, snatching up a piece of bread to eat. He wondered sometimes if Lapo was secretly Geda’s role model.
Habala and Geda stared at him in shock, the glasses shimmering on the bar, as Uncle Smidge whistled to himself while he swept.
“Basha,” Geda said, grabbing and placing some plates onto the bar. “They practically beg me to give them mementos of their pilgrimage to see the Oracle,” he said, ladling mashed potatoes with a vengeance from a pot onto the plates. “And so what if I cheat them a little bit by giving them not exactly what they wanted, but what is good enough for them.” He stared at the worshippers, who had lowered their hands and bowed their heads, linking arms with each other without having heard anything. “These people spend willy-nilly like their money is free to take, and so I take,” Geda said, scooping out sausages from another pot onto the plates. “These souvenirs will inspire them when they think of the Oracle and all that they learned from her. They got something in return,” Geda added.
Basha grumbled to himself, “It’s not right.”
“Basha, please try to understand your father; he’s just trying to do his best,” Habala said, holding out her tray as she prepared to load it. “Even at his worst,” she muttered.
“It’s about as much as the Oracle and her priests do to their worshippers,” Geda said, staring at his wife before he handed over silverware and napkins to her. “Practically robbing them blind.” He turned back to Basha. “These people came all the way here, just to hear her words, and the priests steal money from them in exchange for that privilege. Who cares if I profit, so long as I support my family?” he asked. “What is so wrong in that? What about the herbs?” he asked Habala, before Basha had a chance to reply.
“For when they fall into their trances?” Habala asked. 
“Aye, the same—are we out of those?” Geda asked.
Basha swallowed his last bite of bread and glanced over at her.
“I’ll have to go ask Lapo if he’s got any…salt and pepper,” Habala said, hesitating as she glanced over at her son.
“Speaking of which…” Geda began to say, glaring over at Basha.
“I wouldn’t mind taking the worshippers to see the Oracle of Mila,” Basha said, as an excuse to get out of talking, knowing that the worshippers were always asking for someone to take them over there.
Habala gasped and dropped a glass, recoiling at the mere mention of the Oracle. Some sausages rolled off of the edge of the tray as well, and splashed into the drink on the floor.
“You wouldn’t mind?” Geda exclaimed at the same instant before he saw what his wife had done. “Oh, Habala,” Geda groaned.
“What’s going on over there?” Uncle Smidge asked, leaning on his broom, at about the same time as one of the worshippers called, “Is everything OK over there?” They had looked up from their prayer the moment they heard the glass break.
“It’s fine, it’s fine,” Geda called out. “We’re going to have all of this cleaned up, and then we’ll get your lunches out to you in just a minute.” He turned to Uncle Smidge. “Keep sweeping, brother!” 
Smidge rolled his eyes and muttered before he continued. Basha turned around as Habala put the tray back up onto the bar, and he started to bend down to help, but then she said, “No, Basha, I’m fine; I can clean this up.” She sighed as some mashed potatoes dribbled down the edge of the tray.
Basha sighed, disappointed in himself, and turned back around to face his father. “I just always wondered—”
“Wondered what?” Geda said. “You think the Oracle can see, or hear, the future? No one can see the future; it’s impossible.” He glanced around to make sure the worshippers weren’t listening to him before he said, “It’s ridiculous, believing that someone like the ‘Oracle of Mila’ can see the future.” He started ladling some more mashed potatoes back onto the plate and added a sausage. 
“No one can see the future, because it would make them half crazy, knowing everything that’s going to happen, and what? What can they do to prevent it?” he asked with a splat.
“I don’t know, but maybe it could be useful. Especially if you were planning on something for the future,” Basha said.
“What would you have planned for the future?” Geda asked, picking out another glass to fill quickly.
“Geda, you shouldn’t ask him that!” Habala said, looking up from the floor where she collected broken glass shards. She was too protective of him sometimes.
“I have plans. I’m going to have a future, the way I want it,” Basha said. He was half certain about what he wanted to do for the future.
Geda got another tray to disperse the load that Habala had previously tried to carry. “Not everything goes according to plan.” He sighed. “You should go, Basha,” he said, moving plates and glasses onto the other tray.
“Go? Go where?” Basha asked.
“To the…You haven’t forgotten what day it is, have you?” Geda asked, looking up.
“No, I…What? Where is Oaka?” Basha asked, looking around, hoping his brother might come to help him out.
“The militia tryouts, Basha!” Geda cried. “He’s already gone on ahead to the militia tryouts!”
“The…What, they’re today?” Basha gasped. “But I thought they weren’t until…” He had forgotten the day.
“Sir Nickleby should not have scheduled tryouts so soon before the Courtship ritual,” Habala said to herself, picking up her tray.
“What should I do?” Basha asked helplessly.
“Go! You don’t want to miss those tryouts, do you?” Geda asked, staring at him as he balanced his full tray of glasses, silverware, and plates.
“No, I suppose not,” Basha sighed. He was resigned to going, but he could not fight like this, not with thoughts of Jawen still inside his head, upsetting him, and he was nervous and ill-prepared as well. “I better go change and fetch my sword,” he said, lurching off with a sluggish step.
Uncle Smidge, coming back to the bar with his broom in hand, nearly bumped into Basha. “Hey, Basha, how did it go with Jawen?”
“I don’t want to talk about it; please leave me alone,” he told Uncle Smidge as he turned away.
“What is wrong with him?” Smidge asked Geda as the two brothers switched places, Smidge going behind the bar while Geda stepped out to serve his customers.
“I don’t think it’s going well at all with Jawen,” Geda told Smidge.
“Maybe he’s just trying too hard,” Smidge said with a laugh.
“I hope Basha is not setting himself up for a big disappointment with that girl,” Geda muttered to Habala, walking off with her. “I hope that he is wise enough to know when to stop, though I doubt that he is.”
“I’m sure he knows what he’s doing,” Habala said as they headed toward the worshippers’ table with their trays. “He’s been pursuing her for, well, years now, and she hasn’t always been that receptive, but surely she knows and he knows what they are both doing, right?”
Basha shook his head. As his parents’ voices receded, he thought there was no way any day could be worse than this.

“Oaka, where is your brother going, dressed up like that?” Habala had asked, looking up as Oaka entered the common room about half an hour ago. “He’s got on a tie, and not his sword! He was holding flowers!”
“He’s just going to talk to Jawen about tomorrow, and then he’ll come back here to change and get ready for the militia tryouts,” Oaka had said as he passed by her, dressed up in his fencing clothes with his sword in its sheath and his canteen hanging on his belt. He had changed just as soon as Basha had left.
“He’s pushing his luck, running off like this so soon before the militia tryouts.” Habala sighed, shaking her head as she said, “I hope he doesn’t miss them.”
“No, of course not,” Oaka said, moseying out of the inn before his mother could ask him another question. He didn’t know for certain that Basha had forgotten about the militia tryouts, but, well, better to be safe than sorry. Certainly it would look good for him if he didn’t have his brother to compete against, and it served Basha right for forgetting, getting distracted by courting Jawen instead. She did not deserve him, and Basha just cheapened himself. Basha could always try out again next year. 
A little while later, hidden deep inside a hollow of bushes alongside the road heading east outside of town, Oaka and Sisila nestled close to each other, watching the world go by beyond the brambles as they avoided getting stabbed by the sharp branches on either side of them. Unaware that they were being observed, the townspeople headed toward the meadow by Sir Nickleby’s house to watch or participate in the militia tryouts, laughing and chatting with one another, trying to guess who might win the coveted spots and who might fall by the wayside. The militia tryouts were a time for young men to prove themselves worthy and to show off in front of others. Almost like the Courtship ritual, except a bit more violent, Oaka thought to himself.
He had what he wanted, the best girl that he could find, and she knew that he was good enough for her. He loved her just as much as she loved him. Oaka could, and deserved, to get distracted with a girl like Sisila. It was not a double standard in his judgment, because Basha was better than Jawen, and Sisila and Oaka were made for each other. He did not forget where his priorities lay, with the militia tryouts and everything else. 
Oaka took a sip from his water canteen as he pondered it some more. The tryouts were entertainment for those who had little diversion in their lives. They had to work all of the time, and then what after that? They might entertain themselves, if they could afford to, with games, books, or music. At least they could sing and dance without paying for it. Oaka’s best memories were of the Sna, when the weather got so cold that no one would come to the inn. Then the innkeeper and his family had to entertain themselves, with fiddle playing and juggling chief among their amusements. 
But besides that, the people had little going for them beyond the tryouts, market days, festivals, and other rituals and holidays, no other chances for advancement or entertainment. Yet it was better to hope, and bet your chances on what was available, than to have nothing at all. 
They were not ignorant people. They had learned how to read and write, among other things, at the day school set up for them by the local scholar, who was paid a small fee to teach. Books were not widely available in Coe Baba as the feudal system was still in place, with the noblest and the richest among them taking most of the resources for themselves. Many could not afford to buy a single book for themselves, and books were not commonly found in homes, outside of the children’s books available to borrow from the school. None, handwritten or printed, were made in Coe Baba, when printing presses were not to be found here. 
Paper could be found, as the pulp mill produced reams from the remnants of wood used for furniture making, but the townspeople had to rely upon the merchant, Lapo, who had to go all the way down to Coe Dobila, a strict, religious town, or to Coe Wana to buy books. Apparently Coe Anji was not a bookish sort of place. The books were expensive by the time they were transported to Coe Baba, and more often than not, only the richest people could afford to buy more than one book for themselves. However, books were getting cheaper, as more were being printed and published, and eventually they trickled into Coe Baba so that the adults could have the chance to read more. Knowledge was growing again after years of darkness.
Of course, Oaka was not much of a student, nor were most of his classmates, except for Basha and a handful of other students who either liked to learn or managed to pay attention long enough to the lectures given by that boring, asinine schoolteacher. Most of the time, Oaka and the rest of his classmates either fell asleep, stared outside a window, whispered to one another, or just fidgeted in their seats. Occasionally, they would cause a major disruption, and Oaka usually led the charge during these events. He was a major sponsor of chaos and mayhem, and he liked to shake things up periodically, especially when he had a problem with authority. Sometimes he was tired of being told what to do, and he wanted to get a reaction, some attention, which was why he disturbed things so much.
He even disturbed things within his own family, mostly with Basha. His father told him to watch out for the inn and for Basha, because it was a dangerous world that they lived in and they had to protect themselves, but Oaka liked having fun. He did not want to be so uptight about everything, as his father was sometimes. He wanted to let loose, relax, and enjoy himself. Let somebody else worry about the world’s problems. 
He wanted to be himself and celebrate the day with Sisila, who let him be himself and no one else. He smiled at the thought, sitting there in privacy with his girlfriend. He could be anybody he wanted to be outside of here, but here with her, he did not have to be. Ignorance and knowledge was his; no one else had a love like his, and no book could give him a perfect moment like this. He did not need any book for this perfect moment. 
Turning his head, he admired Sisila for a silent moment before placing his canteen to the side and chastely kissing her on the cheek. She turned and smiled wickedly at him before she tackled him. He didn’t try to resist but instead fell over. She pinned him to the ground and licked his lips. Oaka laughed, able to free his arms and wrap them tight around her. They rolled over, crying out whenever they got stabbed by the needles that curved in toward them, but instead they giggled and tried to ignore the pain as they kissed each other fiercely and fondly over hands, faces, arms, and even legs. They were always trying to have fun with each other, in boredom and in bliss, adding ‘variety’ to their lives.
Finally, they managed to roll back into their hollow, tired yet exhilarated from their “wrestling” game. Oaka leaned over to admire her once more, lying on the ground with needles, leaves, and grass stuck inside her tresses. Breathing heavily, he felt his heart pounding, the fire burning inside his chest, and he wondered if he could ever have enough of this moment.
“Oaka, will you be asking for me tomorrow night?” Sisila asked.
Forever young, that was what he wanted to be, never growing older, but growing up with the woman that he loved. “Of course I will, Sisila,” he said, smiling. “There isn’t anybody that I love better than you.” He leaned down and kissed her again on the mouth. Having fun with her, being together—there was nothing else that mattered more to him than this.
“Oh, Oaka!” she cried, sounding happier than ever before. 
As Oaka continued to kiss her, first on her forehead and then on her cheeks, he told her, “And when I…win a…place in…the town’s…militia…” He laughed. “I’ll be just as grand as any nobleman that your father would ever have had planned for you to wed!” 
“I don’t care what my father would have had planned,” she said, pushing Oaka away for a moment. “There isn’t any other man, nobleman or otherwise, that I would have wanted for my husband besides you.” She smiled up at him. “I love you more than life itself.”
It was one thing for her to believe in that, but to actually say it to him…and he felt the same way! Oaka smiled at her, but then they heard uproar in the crowd beyond the bushes. The couple raised their heads as Oaka said, “Uh-oh. Sounds like the tryouts are about to start.”
It would be better for them if they had something else going for them besides the inn, though, and Oaka had always planned not to be buried in Coe Baba. It was a nice place to live, certainly, and raise a family beside Sisila, but he thought to himself sometimes that he might go out and see the world a little bit—not too much, of course.
Sisila lay back down in a huff. Oaka wished that she wouldn’t take his ambition so personally. Oaka got up to peer out of the bushes. “And yep, there’s Sir Nickleby,” he said, spotting his old mentor crossing the meadow in the distance. 
Sir Nickleby was in his late fifties, gray-haired yet robust, maintaining his health and character through vigorous exercise and a good diet. He trained all of the young men who wished to fight, not to mention heading up the militia and breeding horses. He was a busy old man. Of course, he had assistance in his endeavors, especially at the stables he owned, but still, he ought to be retired. That would stop him from complaining about young men who slacked off and joked around. 
“You know, Sir Nickleby ought to be tried,” Oaka said, glancing around the bushes, “for what happened here a few months ago.” He sighed and asked Sisila, “Where’s my sword?”
“Are you serious, Oaka?” Sisila asked, sitting up. “Sir Nickleby is not responsible for what happened. It was an accident. He said so; surely we should believe him?”
“Sir Nickleby is the only witness. It is his word only. My uncle Smidge said that it was all very suspicious.”
“Sir Nickleby is a gentleman, and he would not harm anyone without just cause.”
“Just cause? You call warfare just cause?” Oaka remarked. “Where is my sword?” he repeated, scratching the back of his head.
“Oaka, you are evil sometimes. Sir Nickleby is a good man. In spite of what profession he took up, he did so in defense of our country, to ward off evil people like Doomba, and now, all of these years later, he has trained my brothers, you, Basha, and so many more. He seems nice from what I know of him. And I cannot believe him so ill-willed as to kill his own men.”
“You are too kindhearted, my dear Sisila. And why is it that a ‘good man’ is the same as a gentleman?” 
“Oaka, you are trying to make trouble. Do you believe that Sir Nickleby really did it, or do you just want to blame him?”
“Uh…maybe,” Oaka said, grabbing his canteen and taking another sip of water before standing tall and attaching the bottle to his belt. 
Oaka did believe that Sir Nickleby should be tried, or questioned at least, as to what had happened here, since Uncle Smidge did say it seemed like no one had taken seriously the possibility that Sir Nickleby might have been lying. He had told a tale that seemed convincing, and likely enough, but still it should be checked, according to Uncle Smidge.
Oaka did not want to be late. He still wanted to be a boy in some ways, but he had to take responsibility for his actions now, and be a man. Especially where Sir Nickleby was concerned. It was one thing getting reprimanded at school, by a teacher who could barely raise his voice, but it was quite another thing getting reprimanded by Sir Nickleby. That man could be brutal. Maybe Oaka did want to hate him.
Oaka towered above the bushes, which were not quite as leafy green as they would be in the season of Plig, nor as thick with fruit as they would be in the season of Suma, but they were thick with branches still. The bushes had hidden the couple as everyone passed them by on the road. But as Oaka searched for his sword, he noticed that this particular group of bushes seemed to be greener than all the rest, probably something to do with the soil. 
And there were some areas not even as fertile as this one near here, where the fire had damaged the forest and farmland several months ago back in Suma, so probably this piece of ground had not been touched by fire.
“Oaka, whatever happens, you’ve got me,” Sisila said.
“Ah, here it is,” Oaka said as he spotted his weapon. 
Bending down to pick it up, he heard Sisila say, “You don’t need to be a soldier, or anything grand.” He turned around to see her smile. “Just my wise fool,” she said.
The wise fool, the trickster of song and rhyme, what a thing to be. He liked the idea of being called a wise fool and called himself that as well, ever since he had been a child. Everyone in Coe Baba knew him by that moniker. It was based off of the immortal character of song and story, passed down through the generations, a man who could take advantage of others without too much consequence, except for the occasional misdeed running afoul—for the sake of the moral of the story, “to do good for the sake of doing good,” the wise fool eventually would have to lose sometime. 
But Oaka did not want to lose, not now. “I can’t hear you, Sisila,” Oaka said, mockingly serious as he waved his sword and admired the blade. “Over the sounds of drums and fifes.” He liked the songs, and knew them well, but sometimes even he had to be serious as well. He always wanted to get one over on other people, especially if they deserved it, and play tricks on those who looked down on him, but sometimes even he had to stop fooling himself.
“Oaka!” Sisila cried. “I order you, in the name of Baron Augwys of Coe Baba, my father, who—”
“Who would not have wanted me to be here, with you, in the first place,” he reminded her. “At least you moved out of his house before we got serious,” he muttered, focusing his attention on a branch. He pointed his blade at it, imaging the branch to be Baron Augwys. The baron was supposed to be in cahoots with Lapo, all signs pointed to it, and his father spoke bitterly sometimes about rebelling against the unfair practices of these two men. Oaka had not much knowledge of commercial or political affairs, but sometimes he felt the injustice of it all burning inside of him as well, especially when it came to him and Sisila.
“I had to move out because—” Sisila began to say, but then, a flash of light split through the branches. The branch Oaka had been looking at caught on fire. It was as if his thoughts, force, passion, and anger—especially when the thoughts of Sisila were mixed in—had been directed at that one branch through the blade, or something akin to it, and the blade had caused the branch to burst into flames.
The two of them quickly evacuated the bush. Oaka used his canteen to extinguish the flame. It was not a strong fire, not one that could have consumed the whole bush, but still, it had been a flame. They stood there a moment, staring at the black spot in shock.
“Oh my…” Sisila said. “Wait, hasn’t this happened once before, Oaka?” 
“Um…Are you talking about the hayloft?” he asked, trying to get the image of Baron Augwys bursting into flames out of his mind. “That was late Suma,” he said, “that was different. There was a drought going on; we were causing a lot of friction…” He wanted to believe that it wasn’t true, that he hadn’t caused it, but he had his doubts.
“Then what happened here?” Sisila asked.
“The light,” Oaka said, looking up at the sun and then down at his sword. “The sunlight must have reflected off of my blade. I polished it pretty well this morning; it probably magnified the heat.” Good thing he had been paying attention at school sometimes, instead of just goofing off. It was getting out of hand, though. Oaka knew that he had some kind of problem, but he couldn’t quite understand what, or at least he tried not to.
She stared at him, opening her mouth, but then she sighed and told him, “Oh, never mind that; go and have your fun.” 
Oaka smiled at her. He raced off down the dirt road toward the meadow, glad to be let go, but then she called out to him, “Remember, I’ll be waiting!”
“I’ll always remember that!” Oaka called back to her.
Lately, the spontaneous fires were getting more frequent, especially as he got closer to tying the knot with Sisila. Usually they just happened before or after he got excited at the mere thought of being intimate with her. Normally, he would get up and try not to think about anything that would excite him in any way, shape, or form, and concentrate on nothing, letting his mind wander without focusing on anything specific. 
He feared that he was losing control of himself, as his mind would eventually wander back to something specific and right in front of him, like Sisila, and that was not a good thing to do with fire around his mind, heart, and soul. At least the flames were small still, and he could put them out if they ignited. They didn’t start when he was asleep or unconscious either; they only started when he was awake.
Generally magic was not believed in, or else it was too heavily believed in, by some townspeople, especially those people who were too suspicious of the powers that some witches and wizards were said to possess. There were even some townspeople here in Coe Baba, he knew, who looked as unkindly on magic as they did in the country of Urso, where witches were burned. He wasn’t afraid of magic, not in the least, but he wouldn’t advertise it if he had any, and he wasn’t even certain that it was magic that he possessed. Maybe he just had some bad luck in accidentally starting fires out of thin air? He groaned at this thought.
Magic was a remnant of the past, an uncommon ability among the people of his world. Those who possessed it usually wound up separating themselves from the outside world, not wanting to stir up superstition in others. He did not want to have this ability, but what else could it be? What else could produce this kind of power?
He passed by Iibala, Sir Nickleby’s daughter, who appeared to be heading toward town instead of toward the meadow. Oaka wondered where she was going when everybody else in town was heading in the opposite direction, toward the action. Running past the crowd of people gathered at the edge of Sir Nickleby’s property, he joined the boys at the other end of the meadow. The meadow, one of Sir Nickleby’s pastures, was where he and his classmates had trained for over four years, dodging piles of horse balnor as they dueled. It was the first time, though, that they had been surrounded by so many people at this place. 
As Oaka greeted his friends and joked with them a bit, trying to forget his own worries in these normal settings, he looked around for Basha. But there was no sign of his brother, who was possibly running late because of his “appointment” with Jawen. Seeing Iibala just a few minutes before made Oaka think of Basha again as he remembered not just the one time that Iibala had dated his brother (a strange—they were both so young, and Oaka had been impressed that Basha had gotten such a girl to fall in love with him, until he had realized that Iibala was not really in love with Basha) but also the most recent time Jawen had come over to the inn.
“Is Basha here?” Jawen had asked.
Oaka had been in the stables at the inn, feeding Joko and Talan, the two horses that he and Basha had “rented” and then bought from Sir Nickleby. They had been a sort of thirteenth birthday present. The knight had promised them a foal each if they would work at his stables for a couple of mouths during Reda, Plig, and Suma, learning how to ride and take care of horses with odd chores. Eventually, once the foals had grown up and the boys had paid off their debt, they received the horses and continued to work there a little while longer for fun. 
Oaka’s horse called Joko, and even though he loved the animal, the gelding was a bit of a joke, hence the name. On the other hand, Talan, Basha’s horse, was a steed of good breeding whose name meant “loyal” and whose grandsire or great-grandsire might have been Sir Nickleby’s own warhorse, a promising thing for such an animal. In a way, Basha had done more to earn the steed, being a good student who had practiced, whereas Oaka had slacked off a bit. But Oaka had tried, tried to be better than he was at school, because he was interested in sword-fighting, yet all he had gotten for his trouble was Joko.
“No, he went to the market to get some food,” Oaka told her as he unloaded bales of hay from the wagon and shoveled some into the feed trough. It was always the same—every other day, it seemed, Basha would go off to pursue Jawen, or find wherever they were supposed to be hiding today, and Jawen might come over to tease Basha if he wasn’t there on time. Jawen, however, would never come in by the front door, instead going around the back, tapping on Basha and Oaka’s window or knocking on the back door if she could not find Basha, or him, in the stables.
“Well, tell him I stopped by to look for him,” Jawen said with a smile before she turned away.
Oaka stopped working long enough to say, “Jawen, you’re almost as bad as Iibala,” loud enough for her to hear.
“Oaka, why do you hate me?” Jawen asked, turning back to him.
“Because you’re not serious enough for Basha!” he said. “You toy with him, and it makes me angry to see him disappointed when it comes to you. He thinks you may be serious, and you might feel the same way that he does, or a fraction of that love he feels for you, but it’s not enough for a good relationship. He’s even thinking about…Have you ever said that you love him?” Oaka asked, not wanting to mention the fact that Basha was considering asking for her hand in marriage.
“Of course I have.”
“Did you mean it?” Oaka asked.
“Oaka…Why do I even have to listen to you, you fool,” Jawen said, muttering as she left.
That had been a couple of days ago, just after Geda had set out the sign-in sheet for the Courtship ritual. Oaka had a hunch that Jawen had come to talk to Basha about that; maybe to ask if he would or would not ask for her hand in marriage. Oaka didn’t know. When Jawen didn’t come back, and when Basha didn’t receive any word about Jawen, because Oaka had not passed on the message to Basha, then Basha had decided that he would go to Jawen’s house himself with his flowers and his tie. Oaka had been so nervous this morning—concealing both the truth about the militia tryouts being today and Jawen’s visit a few days earlier—that even Basha had noticed something was amiss with him before he left.
Basha…He was trying too hard to find something that was lost, or that had never come to fruition, between him and Jawen, or else he had set his sights too high on finding that perfect girl. He couldn’t support her. He couldn’t love her without sacrifice. Wasn’t there anybody else for Basha? Oaka thought Basha ought to be able to find somebody else with fewer demands on his character and values, but was there anybody else here in Coe Baba who wanted Basha? Perhaps, for the sake of his looks, but he had nothing else to give a girl except himself. Oaka was worried about Basha’s chances. There was nobody else for Basha when Basha had set his eyes on one girl and couldn’t see any other. Of course, Oaka was one to talk when he had Sisila, and no one else, and he had also done more than his fair share of hiding that love from Sisila’s father, but at least he didn’t need to be constantly reassured that he had a true love when Sisila was waiting for him by the side of the road.
He just couldn’t wait to propose to Sisila. Of course Oaka felt the urgency of the moment, as did many other young people like him, who were always in a hurry. Every day, every moment, had to be enjoyed, when it could very well be your last, and Oaka wanted to enjoy his days, nights, and moments. He understood how people could spend their whole lives in pursuit of that one moment—that one perfect moment when everything worked out and was as it should be. He thought he had found that perfect moment with Sisila, but Basha was still in search of it, hoping he might find it with Jawen. Personally, Oaka couldn’t see how Basha might ever find that perfect moment with Jawen.
Chapter Three: Keep Him Warm
Do you trust him, even with your life?
Is it wise to trust someone so intimately?
Or are you taking a risk that should not be ignored?
--A Caution from Pakric

Sisila waited a few minutes longer by the side of the road, planning to follow after Oaka. She smiled as she relived what had just happened in her mind; she could not get enough of Oaka, even with the occasional fires plaguing him. He was her heart and soul, and more than anything else, she felt like she was a part of him, no matter what other people thought.
She brushed leaves and twigs from her hair, trying to unravel the tangles she had gotten. She was a mess whenever she saw Oaka, and got herself in a worse predicament with her family, but at least she had him. She heard someone coming from the direction of the meadow and thought that it was Oaka, coming back to give her one last kiss before the big fight. She turned around and saw instead that it was Iibala.
Sisila’s smile faded, and she said, “Iibala? What are you doing here?”
“Excuse me,” Iibala said, storming past Sisila.
Sisila frowned. She had once been friends with Iibala, just like Jawen, but that had all changed once the girls hit puberty and Iibala had started going wild. Suddenly they heard somebody running, coming from town this time. Iibala raised her head, smiling as she seemed to spot whoever was in the distance, before she ducked behind a tree. 
Sisila, curious, decided to retreat behind a bush and see what would happen. She wondered who or what could excite Iibala. But then she saw…Her eyes widened. Basha and Iibala, together? Sisila, however, was too far away to hear what happened; she could only see.

Basha, rushing to get to the militia tryouts on time, strapped on his belt with his sword inside its sheath as he raced down the road from town. He cursed himself for being so late, even though he knew who was to blame for not telling him: Oaka. Maybe it had slipped Oaka’s mind; maybe Oaka assumed that Basha already knew, but Basha thought that Oaka must have known that he had forgotten and decided not to tell him. In any case, Basha was still upset about being rejected by Jawen for the hundredth-thousandth time, or so it seemed to him, and he wondered if he still had a chance at winning her love, or at winning approval from Lapo (and his parents, as well, for Jawen), and at winning a spot in the town militia. Or maybe even all three (or four, if you counted his parents), if the gods willed it.
He remembered telling his parents about his love for Jawen not that long ago, when Oaka had blabbed his secret to them. (Another reason to distrust his brother; Oaka could not keep a secret.) And while Geda and Habala hadn’t seemed too keen on his relationship with the merchant’s daughter, at least they were tolerant enough of them being together. 
Basha passed by the communal fields, heading toward the farms and ranches near the edge of the forest where tall pine trees dwarfed oaks and maples whose leaves were just starting to return. The communal fields were shared among the townspeople, whose survival depended on the harvest. Everyone had to participate in the seeding and harvest, even the families of the innkeeper, the merchant, and Baron Augwys, to receive a portion of the crop. The fields were not yet furrowed, but still overgrown with brush from the dormant Sna, or “snow,” months. There would be months of work ahead to get them all cleared and furrowed and then seeded in Plig, the season of planting. Basha knew that Oaka wouldn’t want to do all of that work, but he would do his part so long as others shared in the workload. They had to work together, or else things would fall apart.
Some of the fields on these properties were still bare and blackened by the blaze that had swept through here several months ago, on the night after he had first kissed Jawen, when Sir Nickleby and a handful of his men on patrol had barely managed to escape with their lives and a few others had died. But some plants and seedlings were starting to grow again, and the forest and farmers were starting to reclaim what had been destroyed.
The town militia—that was a trickier situation, Basha thought. To get a spot in the town militia would be a stepping stone to higher things, with Sir Nickleby’s approval, but that meant moving farther away from home if he got into the Border Guards. The Border Guards were a paramilitary force, ordained by the government of Arria to protect its borders with other countries like Pinal, Pakka, and Urso. But, independent of the military, the Guards weren’t well-equipped and weren’t supplied with enough men, so they had to recruit from the regular town militias to fill their ranks. 
Their tasks involved defending the border of Arria from invaders and illegal activity, creating a barrier but not invading the foreign countries themselves. They were trained to fight only when necessary, and if necessary. They went on the offense in only the direst of situations. The Border Guards were the first and last line of defense for Arria. Often the members of the Border Guards moved away permanently from the town, or even were killed in action, yet possibly earning enough to support Jawen for the rest of her life might offset the cost, though it would be a high cost. He didn’t want to cut off all ties to Coe Baba. Coe Baba offered support to him and all others who lived here in the best way possible, and who could live without that support?
And that was when he stopped in his tracks as Iibala suddenly appeared from behind a tree, stepping right in the middle of his path. As she asked, “Where are you going, Basha?” with a smile, he realized that she had been waiting for him.
Iibala was one of the most attractive young women in town, a real beauty who outshone all of the other girls that stood in her shadow. She knew her own charm, using it to attract all of the young men around her. She was hard to resist. 
And she was Sir Nickleby’s daughter.
She was a mystery to most young men, even to those who had dated her. She was tight-lipped about her innermost thoughts most of the time, and instead used her words to flatter and flirt with those boys she deemed interesting enough—or perhaps dumb enough—to be worthy of her attention. But when she lifted her brown eyes, eyes that scorched you and mocked you at the same time as they enticed you to come closer to her marvelously thin body, the almost perpetual smile on her face won you over and made you believe that she was excited about seeing you, and no one else. Basha had once believed in those brown eyes. 
Before Basha had dated Jawen, there had been Iibala. Iibala had been his first love, or his first crush, more appropriately. Basha had feelings for Jawen even as a boy, but Iibala had made him feel like a man for the first time. Basha had been only thirteen or fourteen at the time he started dating Iibala, but he had been worried all of the time that he was dating her that she might leave him, jealous of the other young men who had once dated her, concerned at the thought of what she was doing whenever she wasn’t around him, and overall just perturbed whenever they went out about town together and there were other young men in the crowd. She was only a year or two older than he was, but Iibala was surprisingly mature for her age.
She took control of her own destiny, or so it seemed, by choosing the young men that she dated, and even at fifteen or sixteen, rumor was that she had already dated men three or four years older than her, some of them with wives or fiancées. And Basha had been one of the few men she had dated who were younger than her, and he had thought himself to be the luckiest young man in all of Coe Baba at first. By the time she cheated on him with an older man and called him a boy when she laughed at him, discovering them in the act, he was almost glad that she had dumped him.
And she was Sir Nickleby’s daughter.
Basha had been so ashamed to learn that he had been a fool to have believed that she could love him after a few short dates. He just couldn’t handle trying to satisfy her, to make her like him. He could not date any other girl until Jawen came along to save him, to make him believe in her and in love again.
“You know where I’m going, Iibala,” Basha said as he tried to dodge her, but she moved with him. He could not avoid her. “I’m already late!” he cried, frustrated and agitated. There was a prickling sensation on the back of his neck that he had come to associate with anger and frustration of a certain kind. He sometimes got this feeling around Jawen, when she was being obstinate and teasing him, but usually he tried to suppress the feeling, and it would go away after a little while. It wasn’t natural.
“What’s the rush? You always have next year,” Iibala said, sidling up to him. She was deadly to any man who did not have a heart of steel.
“I should have checked in with your father,” Basha said, trying to distance himself from her close proximity. She was only playing with him. “I should have asked him when the militia tryouts would be held after our last lesson,” he told himself, trying to resist the urge to give into temptation.
“Were you distracted, thinking about what might happen tomorrow?” Iibala whispered in his ear.
“I…Yes, I was,” Basha said and then shook off his thoughts as he pushed himself away from her. Jawen, Jawen, Jawen, he tried to concentrate on that now as he yelled at her, “Now excuse me, please!”
Suddenly, he stopped in his tracks. “Iibala, don’t move,” he cried.
“What’s the matter?” she asked, looking around.
“This happened to me before today, I—duck!” he cried, lowering his head.
“Don’t you mean crow?” Iibala cried, covering her head as the vicious, murderous flock of crows and ravens attacked them both.
Basha swung his sword at the birds circling about them, darting down to peck and scratch at them, as he yelled, “I’m sorry; I don’t know why this keeps happening to me!”
“Basha, wait!” Iibala cried, and then muttered, “By the blood in me, by the spirit of my heart…” She cried out once as a bird nabbed her hair, the others swarming even closer to stop her, but then she shook it off and kept going, “By the sweat off my brow, by the breath that stirred me…” She inhaled as Basha pierced another bird close to her, “And by the clay that molded me, I, Iibala, cast you birds of death and air away from here by the power of Tau who created me!”
The ravens and crows cawed out and turned about in a swoop, flying away and leaving Basha and Iibala behind with a few corpses of dead and dying birds.
Basha gasped and inhaled, trying to calm himself down. “Iibala, what was that?”
“I wish they would make it shorter,” Iibala muttered and then blinked as she turned to Basha. “Uh…It was nothing, nothing,” she said, turning and walking away from him.
“You can’t expect me to just walk away from that!”
“Basha!” Iibala yelled at him, turning back. “I just don’t think you should…” She sighed and stopped. “Do you really want to know, Basha?” she asked. “Do you really want to know what is going on here?”
“I…don’t…” Basha sighed and shook his head. “Never mind,” he said, walking away from her. He did not want any part of that. He just had to keep telling himself that. Sometimes he wanted to know the truth, and sometimes he was afraid of what he might find out, afraid of what it might mean for him. He had already learned his lesson once or twice about finding out the truth.

Unable to believe her eyes, Sisila was forced to retreat, deciding that she could not stand to see any more. Despite the fact that Iibala might have known she was here in the bushes, she did not want Basha to know, and so she quickly went over one of the stone walls and darted across the vacant fields to reach the meadow on the far side. After all of these years of Jawen and Basha courting each other—albeit from afar and with strange behavior—she could not stand the thought that Iibala might be courting Basha or that Basha might be courting her. Didn’t Iibala know that Jawen was interested in Basha? But then again, perhaps Iibala did know.
And what was with those crows? Or ravens, or whatever. They were attacking, and then they went away. This was strange business, and Iibala was right in the middle of it.
Iibala had once been her friend and Jawen’s friend as well, but then it got to be embarrassing, the way Iibala threw herself at other men sometimes, luring them in with her smile. Sisila went over another stone wall, lined up along the plots of land that farmers and ranchers claimed for their own, and started traipsing through the woods by Sir Nickleby’s house. This lewd behavior was not seemly to either Jawen or Sisila, and so they had broken off their friendship with her, although sometimes even she acted a little weird and wild when it came to Oaka, Sisila thought to herself as she ducked behind a tree. She thought she heard somebody coming.
But what was worse was Iibala’s behavior when it came to older, married men. That crossed a line in the course of civil behavior, and most women avoided Iibala now, and most men were not quite as keen as they had been to be seen with her out in public, unless they wanted her attraction. Sir Nickleby had to be ashamed of his own daughter for acting like this, but Sisila was not the type of person to ask a father how he felt about his own daughter. She was half certain that her own father would feel the same way about her and Oaka.
Sisila froze when she saw Sir Nickleby walking through the woods not far from his home, but he wasn’t alone. He was deep in whispered conversation with none other than her older brother, Hastin. Hastin wasn’t the sort of person to be talking with his instructor so intimately; he avoided the man like the plague. All of the sons of Baron Augwys had received private instruction, in addition to the normal class-structured schooling, from Sir Nickleby, as part of his duties to the baron. But Hastin hated the knight’s methods of instruction especially. 
“The horses that Sir Nickleby raises are well-treated compared to how he treats us boys under his instruction,” Hastin always used to say. “At least those horses receive some praise for doing good when it comes bearing foals and jumping fences.” Sisila, however, wasn’t willing to believe that Sir Nickleby was all that harsh, at least without good reason.
She frowned, wondering what was going on today. First Basha and Iibala’s strange behavior, and now Hastin and Sir Nickleby going about in such secrecy. Yet she wasn’t completely innocent either, so she thought that perhaps it had something to do with the Courtship ritual and the militia tryouts being scheduled so close together. People went a little crazy when things were stressful.
Sisila wasn’t able to hear everything that Hastin and Sir Nickleby were saying to each other, but she knew that it had to be something important for Hastin to be acting so sneaky, when normally he was the epitome of honesty in Sisila’s opinion. Hastin finally left to join the other young men in the formation, and Sir Nickleby was alone for the moment. Sisila decided to seize her chance.
She stepped out from behind the tree. “Sir Nickleby?” she asked. “What was my brother talking to you about?” She was nervous about confronting the knight like this. Sir Nickleby was not the type of man to be taken lightly, but he still was a man and could be controlled, she hoped.
Sir Nickleby turned around. “Miss?” he asked. “What were you doing here?”
“I order you, in the name of my father, to tell me what is going on here,” Sisila said.
“All right, all right,” Sir Nickleby said. “Your brother wants to have the first fight in the tryouts against your boyfriend, Oaka. You happy?” Sir Nickleby owed much to Baron Augwys, and to the man’s children in turn, but he didn’t have to be happy about taking orders from the baron’s children.
Sisila gasped. “Oaka?” she said. “Oh no! Hastin must have found out—”
“Exactly,” Sir Nickleby said. “You could not expect to go off, gallivanting around after that boy, without the news eventually reaching your brother.”
“Do not call Oaka a boy!” Sisila said. “What about my father?” she asked, trying to calm herself down.
“He doesn’t know…yet,” Sir Nickleby said. “Or so I think. I’m assuming Hastin must have just found out.”
Sisila tried to think…Those bushes. She flushed as she realized; he must have found out by seeing her and Oaka together, unless it was by other means. She hoped it was.
“Oaka couldn’t possibly stand up against him,” Sisila said, trying to distract herself from the thought of her brother spying on them in the middle of such a tryst. She knew the strength and skills of her beloved Oaka, and they were no match to those of her brother’s, when Hastin at least practiced his sword moves—even if a little infrequently—and had received more one-on-one instruction from Sir Nickleby. Meanwhile, Oaka played around with his sword all of the time without bothering to learn the proper technique.
She raised her head. “It’s unfair—put Hastin up against somebody else.” 
“I can’t do that,” Sir Nickleby said. “Hastin would complain to your father, and then where would we be?”
“All right, never mind that!” Sisila said. She did not want her father finding out just yet, and Hastin would be angry.
“I’m going to do my job,” Sir Nickleby said, frustrated as he turned around.
“Wait…” Sisila said as an idea came to her. “If Hastin wins the first fight against Oaka, then have Basha fight against him next.”
Sir Nickleby paused. “Are you sure about that?” 
“I’m positive; Basha has a better chance,” Sisila said. It was fairer than having Oaka fight against Hastin. Even though Basha had gone down in her estimation, with the new evidence of his fling with Iibala, she had seen enough of his bouts to know that he had what it took to match Hastin. And if Oaka lost, at least he might be avenged by Basha’s abilities.
“Basha…interesting…” Sir Nickleby said, looking up at the sky.
“What?” Sisila asked, not liking Sir Nickleby’s tone.
“Nothing, nothing. Consider it done,” Sir Nickleby said as he went back to the meadow.
Sisila stood there, frowning, as she wondered if she had been tricked in any way, if it had something to do with…Oh. She shook her head. Sir Nickleby could not know anything about the past problems between Hastin and Basha over Jawen. Would Hastin still be angry with Basha? Well, at least it would take his mind off of her and Oaka.

Perched up in a tree at the edge of the forest, a young woman named Nisa watched the ravens and crows flying away to make sure that none of them would regroup again. She had been concerned at first when she saw such a huge flock swarming around Basha and Iibala, wondering if she should step in and try to stop the birds before they killed the boy, but somehow they repelled the birds. Perhaps Iibala had had a hand in that? Basha didn’t know anything that could be useful in…such a situation. Nisa spun around and jumped down onto the ground, catching Iibala sneaking up on her. “What are you doing?” Nisa asked, rising up to stand with her sword raised.
Iibala froze and raised her hands. “I made too much noise approaching you, didn’t I?” 
“What are you doing?” Nisa asked again. It was true, though, that the other woman had made too much noise walking through the forest. She earned some points for recognizing that.
“I could ask you the very same question, couldn’t I?” Iibala asked, frowning. “You’re the one who is always watching Basha, you and—”
“Be still and keep silent,” Nisa said, glancing around. She wondered if Iibala had told anybody else, namely Basha, about what she knew.
“Aren’t you ashamed?” Iibala asked.
“I could ask you the very same question,” Nisa remarked.
“We’re at an impasse, aren’t we?” Iibala said, lowering her hands.
“Keep your hands up! I don’t know, that depends.” 
“You can let me go,” Iibala said. “I won’t talk.”
“How do I know?” Nisa said.
“I’ve known ever since my father told me a few months ago.”
“Your father? He told you?” Nisa asked, starting to panic even though she tried to remain calm on the outside. “What does he know?” she asked, trying to brush over her slip. If she acknowledged the veracity of Iibala’s statements, they truly could not get rid of her.
“He knows a lot, or at least he guesses. He has been through something like this before,” Iibala said. “He doesn’t tell me much about his past, but he is clear on some parts of it, at least.”
Nisa frowned. “I knew we should have…never mind.” She lowered her sword slightly. “That still doesn’t explain to me why you’re here, or how you knew I would be here.”
“It’s pretty obvious to me that you would be here,” Iibala said, looking around. “Best vantage point of the road toward the militia tryouts, where Basha would be bound to go today, and the most vulnerable part of the road, exposed as it is.” Iibala turned to Nisa. “As to why I’m here…I wish you two would leave him alone.”
“I beg your pardon?” Nisa asked, staring at her.
“You’re always around him whenever he’s not at home, never far away,” Iibala said, looking down. “I always thought something strange was going on, but I never suspected; I didn’t have a clue for certain until my father told me, and then I noticed. I noticed a lot.” She looked up. “It’s always been like that, has it not? And he doesn’t know a thing!” 
“Calm down, Iibala. It’s not like we are the ones after him,” Nisa said.
“Then what do you do, huh? What do you do? You don’t do a thing!” Iibala exclaimed. “You just sit up there and watch, waiting until the right moment when he’s in danger, and he doesn’t know a thing about what’s going on around him, and then you swoop in! You don’t save him; you just keep him warm until…What happens then?” Iibala asked.
“I don’t know,” Nisa said, looking down.
“That’s right, you don’t think about him,” Iibala said, storming away. “You just think about what he can do!” 
Nisa dropped her sword and wiped her forehead before she quickly picked it up again. She glanced around to make sure that no one else was nearby before she considered…No, Iibala was too important to dispose of. Her father Sir Nickleby would at the least know who was responsible. She had to inform her own father about this development.

The farmer strode into town, whistling a tune. “I embrace the darkness, for the darkness is power in the night,” he sang softly to himself, “and I must follow the darkness for the triumph of the night. In the shadows, in the shadows…” He stopped and looked around. “Where is everybody?” 
“Militia tryouts are today,” a man said as the stranger paused and turned around. “You just missed them. Go back east, toward the standing stones.” The man pointed. “There is a clearing in that direction, just past the communal plots, a horse field. You cannot miss them; a whole crowd of townspeople is gathered out there to witness the event. It’s quite stirring,” he said, turning to the stranger.
“Thank you, friend.” The farmer smiled with a bow. “I owe you a debt of gratitude.” 
“Think nothing of it,” the man said, turning away. “Just do your deed, and get out of here,” he muttered.
“I will try,” the farmer said, walking away from Coe Baba for now.
Chapter Four: Duty and Feudalism
It is often the case in matters of duty
And feudalism that one party commands
The other parties without question…
--A report from Urso

He was panting heavily by the time he reached a small clearing amid the trees, where young men were lined up in four rows of five for the militia tryouts. Basha stopped and leaned forward to catch his breath, inhaling the horrible stench of horse balnor as he took his place at the end of the last line. He had been able to shake off Sir Nickleby’s daughter with some difficulty, and the birds as well, before anything bad had happened, but now he was trying hard not to gag as his throat tightened. The birds and the stench…He could not think about what Iibala had just done.
“Basha! You are late!” Sir Nickleby shouted. The knight glared at him with hard black eyes, Iibala’s eyes.
Basha straightened, managing a salute as he wheezed. “Yes, Sir Nickleby, sir! I was fetching my sword, sir!” he exclaimed.
“Don’t let it happen again! Get to the front!” The knight pointed. 
Basha sighed and moved forward, lowering his head to avoid Sir Nickleby’s gaze as he went to stand in front of Oaka. Oaka said, “You should learn how to tell better time, Basha. So, how did it go?”
“It went bad,” Basha said, still wheezing. “I got to talk with her, but then we were arguing, and her father sort of chased me off before I could say too much.” He paused. “At least she stopped teasing me when I got serious with her about why I was there.”
“You are too patient, you stubborn old mule,” Oaka told him.
“Stubborn old mule? Who do you think you are talking to?”
“A stubborn old mule struggling to get up a hill,” Oaka said, liking the analogy too much.
“At least I’m not a wise fool, who messes around just for the sake of fun,” Basha said. “Laughing at others. You should be more caring, you wise fool.”
“I am caring,” Oaka said. “Sisila cares for me, and I care for her.”
“Oaka! Basha!” The boys stiffened as Sir Nickleby shouted, “Quiet, you chatter birds!” 
“Yes, Sir Nickleby, sir!” Oaka and Basha both yelled.
A large group of townspeople had gathered, either leaning against the corral fence or standing next to the side of the paddock, to watch the demonstration. They didn’t know what it felt like to be involved in the militia tryouts, or perhaps they didn’t remember simply because it had been so long ago for some of them. They knew these young men well, however, having watched them grow up their whole lives, their relatives and friends. 
The spectators knew as much about the boys’ skills as about anything else, or so they thought. They were interested in seeing who would be selected to join the town militia, but they thought that they knew what was going to happen in the end. It was a small town. Everybody thought that they knew one another, what their secrets were, and what they were like. This was the edge of the wilderness. No one could depend upon another out here without knowing each other first.
Coe Baba was neglected by the outside world; people couldn’t get any farther from anywhere else but here. Yet for being out of contact with the rest of the outside world, the people of Coe Baba were fairly content. They didn’t have to bother with anybody else besides themselves. This way of life had some advantages, Sir Nickleby could see. 
Probably the town had been built here specifically to avoid the conflicts and difficulties that might plague other places. Yet Sir Nickleby could also see the disadvantages of isolation. The people didn’t know what was going on in the outside world. Hardly any of the royal messenger birds even flew out this far to deliver news to the town, and the townspeople relied more upon rumors from travelers like merchants and bards. They also got some information from books, but books couldn’t provide everything that the townspeople needed to know. 
Sir Nickleby wanted to be a source of knowledge to the townspeople, by giving them guidance and providing them with his services. For example, years ago he had discovered, in his attempt to mount a horse patrol with the town’s militia, that the town didn’t have a decent horse breeder, which was absolutely crucial when soldiers and knights needed good horses to maintain mobility. And so he had felt the need to fill in the gap, even though people had said it was unnecessary for the needs of Coe Baba. He was experienced enough with raising horses that he could wrangle up a few good animals and breed them, including his old war stallion. And the horses did sell well enough too, especially when he got people involved in raising them to pay off the cost of loaning or buying them. Sir Nickleby always tried his best to improve the lives and situations of other people around him, no matter the cost to himself.
Nearly everyone was afraid of Sir Nickleby, though; he was a formidable person that they had come to fear and respect, sometimes even more so than the baron. They didn’t always agree with him, but they had to respect him nonetheless. He was the one responsible for dictating their military readiness, and they were frightened of him because of that.
“Well, congratulations, boys!” With his gray hair brushed back and dressed in the red and blue uniform of Baron Augwys’s household guard, Sir Nickleby was the spitting image of a knight as Basha imagined them to be. Despite his old age and his transformation into a gentleman farmer tied down to the land and his horses, Sir Nickleby was a knight born out of nobility, who had earned his title as well by serving in the military for so many years.
For a moment, the young men actually held their heads up high, believing themselves to be praised, but then Sir Nickleby dashed their hopes by saying, “You are the sorriest-looking bunch of lads I ever did see! Your swords would be better put to use as kitchen knives!”
The young men drooped in disappointment while the crowd surrounding them either laughed or gasped in shock. 
Ever since he had accepted this assignment in Coe Baba, Sir Nickleby had come to admire those men who could train a soldier and get him ready to fight, for the reality of his situation was harder than he had thought it would be, as daunting, exhausting, and annoying as it was for him to trim off the flesh and fat to get at pure, lean muscle and bone beneath. Sir Nickleby was a little tired of training boys when he wanted to train or fight alongside real men who were not small or weak. And he never saw the boys as getting any older as the years went by, or growing up, for he only saw them as being young and foolish for the rest of their lives. And he was a little tired of the dreamers and boasters among them as well. He wanted to cut them all down to size. 
Sir Nickleby wanted every boy to be a man, but he believed that it took more guts, brains, and skills than most people had. Sir Nickleby didn’t like sloppy behavior, poor excuses, or any sort of whining that tried to put off what one desired when what one desired took a lot of work to achieve. He had done a lot during his thirty-odd years of fighting, and he had never once regretted any of his actions, except for a few that had involved Major Lupo, but Major Lupo had at least been a good trainer.
Sergeant Lupo, before he became a major, had once told him, “Boys need to learn the ropes in any business, especially that of fighting a battle. They need to learn how to deal with tough situations and follow orders at the same time, so they can do what they’re trained to do and not get too overwhelmed by what’s going on around them.” 
Sir Nickleby had never imagined that a stout old warrior like himself would be training a bunch of twelve- to sixteen-year-olds, but here he was inspecting the “troops” standing in front of him, all in neat military rows, never minding the horse balnor at their feet, with swords and bows sheathed or displayed at their sides. A few of them also had knives, axes, and the occasional spear, javelin, and pitchfork in hand as well, as they did not know what his test would be. 
The test changed each year for every class that passed through. These “troops” thought they were ready for whatever life threw their way, but Sir Nickleby knew that none of them were ever ready for what real battle would bring. All of them were waiting for his instruction, waiting for the chance to prove themselves worthy, so that they might be dismissed from here as proud members of the town’s militia. Proud members, Sir Nickleby scoffed to himself, and shuddered to think of what that Black Wolf had done to his men. Proud members had been torn down that night, all because of the Wolf.
The town militia did only minor guard duty for the town and baron, occasionally setting up or tearing down decorations for various festivities when the civilians needed a hand. The humiliating acts he had performed here in Coe Baba had gnawed at Sir Nickleby, who had trained and traveled for years with the army, fighting endless battles with Arria’s enemies. 
He was better than putting up ribbons for the festival of Welda. They were paid such a small amount for their duties, too, not enough to cover the cost of pain, humiliation, and…potential death? Potential death—never had he thought the militia of Coe Baba would be so dangerous. 

Night, dark as death, seemed deeper than the ocean, yet even at this late hour, when they belonged at home asleep in their beds, dreaming of nothing more than the comforts and joy in their lives, the town militia’s priority remained to protect their fellow townspeople. So each night, eight of their members would circle the vicinity of the town and nearby farmland for several miles through the woods, making the circuit as many times as they needed to before they would return home as dawn approached. 
Though they never found anything worse than some wild animals, a couple of thieves, and an occasional fire during these patrols, still they continued the procedure. It was risky to ignore the necessity of protection, as Sir Nickleby was the first to affirm, although not every man in town, or even on the militia itself, could afford to take a spot on the all-night patrol every single night, so they had to rotate among themselves who would be going each time.
The town militia of Coe Baba consisted mostly of young shopkeepers, farmers, woodsmen, craftsmen, and “grunts” from the mill armed with rusting swords, hunting bows, and wood-chopping axes, not real soldiers. 
“Raise not unto meee the sword and sickle, raise not unto meee the sword and scythe,” one man sang at the left rear flank of the company, carrying his torch in the semidarkness while the other men listened. “Raise not unto meee, raise not unto meee…” 
“Erroco, shut up,” another man, striding alongside Erroco, hissed. “Or else I will put this sword blade into you.” 
“Quiet, you two,” their commander, Sir Nickleby, ordered from the middle of the group. “We are all going to do this right. Erroco, stop singing. Berevus, get over here and switch places with Smidge.”
The switch was made, with Berevus now standing in front of Sir Nickleby as Smidge went over to accompany Erroco, and they continued on, eight men in total treading through the brush into the woods that surrounded the town of Coe Baba, their voices low or silent as they walked along.
Hardly anything stirred about them, but they tried not to make too much noise as they did not want to startle or alert anything or anyone close to them, and so they watched their steps to make sure that nothing tripped them up. Three of the eight carried torches, as none of them could see anything without any light, and the rest of the men had to keep both hands free in case they had to grab at their weapons. “You boys need to take a good look around these parts during the day,” Sir Nickleby said. “Helps to keep track of where everything is at night.” He did not intend to belittle anyone when, in a sense, everyone here was younger than him. 
He was fifty-nine years old, the oldest man on this patrol. Although he did not have as much experience as some of them in matters concerning Coe Baba, he did have expertise in other areas, including leading men into battle. 
For example, Sir Nickleby had come up with the troop formation for this militia patrol, a formation he called the triple-point, after reviewing some old wartime information in his mind. One torchbearer was stationed at the front, while the other two torchbearers, including Erroco, were at opposite sides of the rear, left and right. The line was spread in between the torchbearers, with each torchbearer accompanied by an armed guard. The two remaining men in the group, which now included Berevus as well as Sir Nickleby, stayed in between the lights. Berevus grumbled to himself. Sir Nickleby glanced over at him, wondering if the other man resented him. Lately the other man seemed even more unsettled, and Berevus was not the most stable of persons to begin with. Berevus would have been commander of the town’s militia by now if the knight had not come here about twelve years ago.
“Nighttime contains our most desperate, vulnerable hours,” Sir Nickleby said, lowering his voice. “During the day, we have our senses of sight, smell, touch, and hearing, maybe even taste,” he said, licking his lips, “rightfully balanced with the ways of the world. We know where everything is; we know what we hear, smell, touch, and taste. But at night, we’ve got to guess more often than not, and that’s when things get really tricky.”
A bird chirped like it was daylight, even though it was past midnight, and an owl hooted, which quieted the bird. Berevus said nothing. 
The knight listened to the rustle of leaves stirred by the wind. Trees surrounded them in the night, trees so thick in some places that they could not move forward without going back to some other path. In other places, the trees were spread so far apart that they could have paved a road right through this forest. Sir Nickleby thought about which route to take. 
For these men, the Mila Forest was close to being their residence, as these men and their ancestors had dealt with its challenges over centuries. Eking out an existence inside its domain, these men and their ancestors hunted and gathered food, and their ancestors had also cleared land to plant and farm and build houses that would grow into the town where their descendants now lived full-time. 
But these descendants could not understand the full nature of Mila Forest as their ancestors had, when these men did not spend much time—or any time at all—inside the forest world, compared to their ancestors. They avoided the forest as much as possible, for fear of what might be found inside its domain. The Mila Forest was rumored to contain not just wild animals but also dangerous men, spirits of the dead, and shades of things that had never been born. The forest was their enemy in many ways. 
They cut down the trees that grew too thick around their homes and town, using the wood to build furniture and houses, or, in the last one hundred years at least, sending the wood to the mills to be processed. But farther out from the farmland, they felt it was no use to cut down all of the trees in the forest, although they secretly wished that they could. Sir Nickleby was of the mind that the forest could be tamed, as he had traveled far and seen many things worse than what he had seen inside the forest, but he did not know everything about the forest, even he was the first to admit that. 
He was a newcomer to this place—he had first arrived in Coe Baba barely more than twelve years ago—and still he was counted a stranger among those whose ancestors had been here in the forest for hundreds, if not thousands, of years. He still had some catching up to do. Sir Nickleby, though, felt up to the task as he got to learn more about the forest and its challenges through these patrols. Just tonight, he had volunteered to take the place of a man who had needed to rest. 
“Keep your torch a short distance away from you!” Sir Nickleby called to the torchbearer at the head of the company, one of his former students. He then hustled forward, past Berevus, and halted the rest of the group for a moment so that he could talk with the young man. “Not by your face, or else you’ll burn and blind yourself with that light,” Sir Nickleby lectured the young man, trying to adjust the fellow’s reach, “but far enough along arm’s length so that you can see what’s ahead of you without igniting something just beyond your view.” Sir Nickleby ignored the young man’s embarrassment and muttered “be quiet” to the rest of the group in general, as he heard some sniggering from the back. Sir Nickleby himself was embarrassed by the situation, but mostly because it seemed like he had failed to teach this young man the proper way to hold a torch. “Remember the story of Menthar the fire god and Mila the forest goddess?” he asked the young man.
“But that was about how wrong Menthar was to violate Mila.” 
“Yes, yes, that too, but fire and forest don’t mix,” Sir Nickleby said. “We want to keep ourselves safe, don’t we? Then we should keep the forest safe. Any stray flame or spark, and then whoosh, it is all up in flames! The woods, our homes, our farmland, our town; everything is susceptible to fire. We have to be ever watchful and stay prepared for anything, for anything is possible.”
He was not being paranoid, just careful. Sir Nickleby knew the difference between the two. Meanwhile, some of the other men in the patrol had apparently gotten bored with his lecture and were starting to wander off, probably anxious to continue on with this patrol as they still had a lot of ground to cover before dawn. Sir Nickleby was trying his best to hurry it along a little, but he had to be absolutely sure that things were right. Suddenly, they heard a howl in the night, soft and low—almost a growl—close to the ground.
Sir Nickleby lifted his head. “Berevus!” he called.
“He’s gone, sir,” Erroco said, coming up to the knight. “I saw him go out there with a couple of the men. It’s just us torchbearers, Smidge, and you.”
“No torchbearers?” Sir Nickleby asked, turning around to face Erroco. “Berevus and the other men went out there without a torchbearer?”
“Apparently they didn’t think they needed one,” Erroco said.
This was suspicious. “Erroco, you come with me. Smidge, you protect the other two torchbearers,” Sir Nickleby said and set off with Erroco following after him. “They went off in this direction?” Sir Nickleby asked as they passed by a tree.
“Yes, sir, I think so,” Erroco said.
The trees would overshadow any man who came near them, even the bent ones with their branches and twigs twisted and tangled up together. Branches splintered off of trunks and rose and twisted as they grew, competing with their neighbors for sunlight and rainwater. Never did a tree truly grow straight upward, but instead it went off in some other direction to steal from its neighbors. 
This was especially true in the Mila Forest around Coe Baba, where most of the trees were of the falling-leaf kind, deciduous, and not of the evergreen kind that grew up tall like the mountains. Deciduous tree branches spread out to cover the sky available to them, and when thick with leaves, their canopy clouded over everything so that, even during the day, a person walking on the ground could not see well enough to find their way through the forest. And at night, the screen darkened everything even more, for not even the stars or the moon were visible. And Berevus went out there without any light? What was the matter with him?
Sir Nickleby and Erroco followed a trail of brush that had been trampled, or pushed to the side, as they searched for Berevus, calling out his name and the names of the other two men. As they reached a clearing, they stopped in shock of the sight of Berevus standing over the two men, who had been slaughtered. Berevus looked up at them, his eyes wide and staring. He was covered in blood, his sword unsheathed. Before Sir Nickleby could react, Erroco charged forward at Berevus, screaming at the top of his lungs with his torch waving about in the air as his other hand reached down for his sword.
“Erroco, no!” Sir Nickleby cried, staggering forward after the other man as Berevus slashed his sword through the air at Erroco, who fell, the torch dropping from his near-lifeless hand. Berevus confronted Sir Nickleby as the grass and underbrush around them began to burn. The swords clanged against one another, and if they ever struck skin or light armor, it was often a grazing blow easily fended off, not close to any vulnerable spots. Sir Nickleby had a rough time of it during the fight, not as strong or as agile as he once was, and he could not help thinking about Erroco, who had to be dying at this very moment. Berevus, however, did not have as much experience or practice at sword-fighting as Sir Nickleby did, nor did he have much of a mind for strategy. 
“Berevus, why—why did you kill them?” Sir Nickleby cried out during the bout.
“Because of the Wolf,” Berevus said, pointing behind Sir Nickleby without even thinking about his vulnerable spots at the moment. Sir Nickleby slashed at Berevus instead of turning around, and this time he found the perfect mark, penetrating deep into skin and vein. Berevus fell onto the ground, clutching at his surging wound, and gasped. “The Wolf and the tiger. Which one is it?” he asked, expiring.
Sir Nickleby turned around and saw the Wolf at last, caught in a huge foothold trap staked to the ground with a vine, or something odd like that, curled around its neck, like it had been led into the trap, almost choked to reach this point, and then had been left there, abandoned to die. The smell of rotting blueberries permeated the air. The Black Wolf, or Hyena-Wolf to be more technical, was larger than any ordinary wolf, and its coarse fur was as black as obsidian except for some gray fur on its underbelly. 
As its thick hide rippled and stretched, with sinew and muscle showing underneath its fur, the Black Wolf strained at the trap, its claws scratching and raking the ground. It longed to break free of its trap and lunge across to strike at the knight. Its canine fangs, which stuck out of its jagged mouth and curled all the way down to the bottom of its jawline, flashed in the firelight, and the Wolf growled at the knight. Beady red eyes shone from beneath a thick forehead sloping downward, and small pointed ears were directed at the man who had killed its ally.
Sir Nickleby identified the Wolf or what kind of a Wolf it was, just as he noticed the fire was growing, and it was getting closer to the beast. The Black Wolf’s escape attempt became even more desperate as Sir Nickleby reached down and grabbed Erroco to drag him away from the flames, not knowing if he was carrying a dead man or not. The Wolf howled in the most terrible way as it died, but mixed in with its cry of pain was a laugh, a hyena’s laugh. Sir Nickleby looked up in time to see a shadow—darker than the smoke, the night, and the real shadows that surrounded it—rise out of the Wolf’s mouth as the creature burned.
“Oh, gods,” Sir Nickleby whispered in fear, for he knew that this had to be a shade of Doomba, a sort of living presence of the evil being. “By the blood in me, by the spirit of my heart…” Sir Nickleby coughed as he hunched over Erroco, trying to get the words out in the midst of this acrid smoke. The shade turned toward him. “By the sweat off of my brow, by the breath that stirred me…” He inhaled—it was coming straight for him, either to kill him or to possess him like one of Doomba’s Servants, and said, “And by the clay that molded me, I, Sir Nickleby, cast you, shadow, into the nether region from which you came, by the power of Tau who created me!” He cried the last out loud just before the shade could reach him.
The shade of Doomba howled and screeched as it was sucked toward the flames, which seemed to greedily swell up and swallow the shade. The shade, darker than night or death, was puffed out in the firelight. Sir Nickleby breathed a sigh of relief, despite the smoke and the scent of death around him, and thought to himself that he never wanted to have to do a thing like that again. 
Smidge found Sir Nickleby soon after and told him the other torchbearers had gone back to warn the townspeople of the spreading forest fire. Smidge and Sir Nickleby dragged out the dying Erroco and helped to contain the forest fire alongside a group of volunteer firefighters, townspeople armed with buckets of water. Iibala ran up to hug her father, relieved to find him alive, but Sir Nickleby did not feel so inclined to revel in that. Smidge questioned him as to what had happened in the forest.
“There was a wolf,” Sir Nickleby said, emphasis on the lowercase. “It attacked Berevus and the other two men. Erroco and I tried to help them, but Erroco dropped his torch by accident, and everything started to burn. Erroco and I were the only ones…” He choked up, staring down at the dead man. “Erroco, I’m so sorry,” he said. 
It was him. They had come for him. The Black Wolves, or Hyena Wolves—they had come for him. It was his fault that they had come all the way up here, searching for him, and poor Erroco had died along with most of his men. But hang on, Sir Nickleby thought, it didn’t make any sense. First of all, Black Wolves did not travel alone. There was bound to be a pack of Black Wolves around here somewhere close by, because they were social creatures no matter how much Doomba manipulated them, and maybe they were social creatures because Doomba encouraged that pack mentality. 
In any case, a lone Wolf was not the proper behavior of such a social animal. This animal couldn’t have been out on its own when it was captured, unless it was a scout of some kind for the rest of its pack. But why was it trapped? And who had captured it? Because it certainly wasn’t Berevus who had captured the animal. And why did Berevus kill the other men? Was it purely out of spite? Sir Nickleby did not think so.
And had the beast been looking for him? Sir Nickleby thought that it might be so, because he felt guilty, but surely he had proven to himself, and to others, that he was not the one they had searched for years ago. The Black Wolves were looking for the tiger, that was so, Berevus had said that; he had been asking the Wolf, “Which one is it?’ Which one is it?” It was so. Berevus had been looking for the tiger, and he brought those men to the Wolf, asking, “Which one is it?” The Wolf said no to both—neither one of them was the tiger—and Berevus had killed the men because he did not want anyone to know that he was a Follower of Doomba.
Sir Nickleby was not the tiger. He knew it was so; he was just a simple knight, and not one of the Knights of Arria. He was not the tiger, nor was he the Wolf either. “Night” came from the Old Language word for “dark,” niogiho, as dark is night to the ones who have lived through it. And “knight,” or “Knight”—as the most famous ones were known as—was a conundrum on “dark one,” niogihoki, or “one dark,” kiniogiho, as “knight” is a person who is of the dark, or death, as the case may be. Sir Nickleby knew this as well as any knight still living at age fifty-nine ever could. 
Bringing death, or delaying death, was the knight’s work, for death was the realm of the dark one. The name knight had been attributed in the past to any warrior who had proven his worth in battle, fighting for death. But only more recently had it been applied to valiant warriors who had proven themselves loyal to king, country, and the good of the people. The Knights of Arria were the most famous knights in all of Salarria, both in the new and the old versions of the word. Sir Nickleby could never hope to be one of the Knights, much less the tiger, but he could still do his duty as a knight.

Now here he was, all these months later, parading about in front of these boys who wanted to be men and join the town militia, turning about whenever he reached the edge of the group. “Your bows might as well go and catch me my dinner!” Sir Nickleby said. “Because your droopy aim won’t protect our good King Sonnagh.” He stopped and declared, “May His Majesty long reign!”
“May His Majesty long reign!” everybody shouted in reply, from young to old. The king was the one thing that united the country, even though the king lived far away from here. No one born in Coe Baba knew enough about the king, or about politics in general, to understand the full complexity of the country that they lived in. They had some idea, though, based on the stories that they had heard from the Old Man, rumors from travelers, and daily interactions with local political and social leaders, of what their country was about, but it was not enough. 
The country of Arria was filled with people of diverse backgrounds, abilities, and beliefs, and Sir Nickleby embraced that, even though he tried to treat everybody the same. He loved king and country. Yet Coe Baba, as well as the rest of Arria and most of the continent, was restricted in a class structure not only of wealth but of nobility. Sir Nickleby was a part of that feudal system. He depended upon it for his mainstay, his security, yet he didn’t always like it.
Baron Augwys was the king’s representative in Coe Baba and the highest authority figure in town. He collected taxes and presided over most charity events. However, the baron wasn’t the strongest, nor the wisest, and certainly not the most wealthy or most persuasive man in town. The strongest man had to be Sir Nickleby, who was past middle age yet capable of giving any other man a rough fight with all of his years of training. Though he served Baron Augwys as a part of his feudal duties, he wasn’t completely dependent upon the man for welfare. He had his own enterprises. Sir Nickleby knew his place, yet he sometimes had to stretch the boundaries a little bit.
The wisest man in town had to be the Old Man, the oldest man alive in Coe Baba. He was almost a religious figure to the townspeople, the wisdom of his age wrapped up inside his spindly frame. The Old Man was a katlin, a storyteller, for those children who liked to hear old legends, and though Sir Nickleby did not listen to stories anymore—well, except for that one time—he did believe in the gods in his heart, and so he honored the Old Man by not bothering with him too much.
The wealthiest man, legitimately, had to be the baron, but questionably Lapo, the merchant, could give him a run for his money. The baron had his estate and manor with servants and property, but most of that was inherited and expensive to maintain. The baron could not disgrace himself by selling any of it, and meanwhile Sir Nickleby knew that the merchant earned much more than he displayed. So it could be said that what Lapo didn’t save was sold or loaned out to others, specifically the baron, in order to gain more influence in town. Sir Nickleby had never accepted any money from Lapo, knowing what kind of business he was running, and he tried to distance himself from the baron as well.
The most persuasive man had to be the mayor, who managed to get reelected by the townspeople year after year because they liked his candor, but he was also usually the only one running for the job. Nickleby thought it was a bit of a surprise in that nobody else wanted it. But nevertheless, the mayor was the townspeople’s representative, and he maintained civil order in town amid the power struggles of prominent men. 
Perhaps that was why the mayor had lost control of himself and turned to ale in between bouts with Sir Nickleby, the baron, and the merchant. Sir Nickleby wasn’t too bothered by the mayor either; the mayor was only trying to do his best, and he wasn’t too disgraceful. He didn’t even remember the man’s name. As long as the mayor kept quiet in the company of distinguished gentlemen and kept up pretenses in public, he might be able to slide by with a few more years in his position, despite his failing “health.”
In the midst of these fellows, the kindest man, perhaps, according to those who had a drink in their hand, was Geda, the innkeeper of the Smiling Stallion Inn. Geda had one of the only two bars in town and was generous with his patrons. In fact, he had adopted a child as his own when no one else would have taken in the boy. Geda was friends with Sir Nickleby, and Geda was nice enough, although Sir Nickleby wasn’t too sure of him being the kindest man in town, especially when he had a temper just like Sir Nickleby did. 
Sir Nickleby watched out for the boy as well. He thought that Basha had something great in him. Basha was one of Sir Nickleby’s best students in years; the knight couldn’t remember the last time he had trained such a young student so dedicated to practicing, who always willing to go the extra mile. 
Sir Nickleby was reminded of the knights back in Coe Kiki, those who were born to fight, every time he saw Basha duel another student. But Basha wouldn’t get the chance to train in Coe Kiki, and Sir Nickleby couldn’t protect the boy forever from other people. In this complex system that made up the society and culture of Arria, Basha had problems, and so did Sir Nickleby. 
Basha would have been great, if only he had a better place. Sir Nickleby survived, yet couldn’t thrive in the feudal system, when he could not even stand up to Hastin ordering him around, but he tried to make it better for others. And even though Basha’s chances were slim, at least he tried to earn a better place for himself. Maybe that was one of the complexities, a paradox if you will, that made up Arria and human society.
“Now that’s better,” Sir Nickleby said, satisfied with their loyalty. He continued marching in front of the boys. 
“I don’t mean to criticize without good reason, because I have good reason!” he said as he stopped and turned to face the boys. “For four long years now, I have instructed you all, and deep down, I’m ashamed that you all are called men! So let’s just get this over with.” Sir Nickleby turned and marched toward the far side of the meadow. 
With Sir Nickleby out of view, somewhere in the trees, the young men looked around at each other, puzzled. “What is he doing?” someone asked. “I bet he brought something else,” one of them said. “I thought we were supposed to be using our own weapons!” another one exclaimed.
“What do you think is going on, Basha?” Oaka asked.
“I don’t know, but at least I’m ready for it,” Basha grimly said.
“Of course. How many hours a day did you practice?” Oaka asked dismissively.
“Two or three or four…” Basha hesitated. “Six. Maybe it was six hours a day.”
“That is just too much!” Oaka exclaimed. “Why are you so serious about practicing?”
“Practicing is what makes you perfect,” Basha said. 
“So Sir Nickleby says. Believe me, I am already perfect,” Oaka said, turning away from Basha arrogantly. But Basha believed what Sir Nickleby had to say, for he wanted to be the sort of man who could become a knight; he wanted the perfection to be attainable. Basha had trained and fought as hard as he could with himself to reach that higher standard. Oaka, meanwhile, believed that he already had everything he needed within.
Basha and everybody else looked up as Sir Nickleby returned, carrying a box. The knight reached in, and all of the young men groaned when they saw what he pulled out. “I wanted to fight for real!” Oaka cried out.
Basha lightly jabbed back at Oaka with an elbow, knowing that his older brother was only joking. It was hard to take Oaka seriously sometimes when he was always playing the part of the fool, but Basha sometimes did not realize just how serious, and how mature, Oaka could be. Oaka glanced back at Basha but said nothing.
People in the crowd either laughed or spoke angrily with each other as they saw Sir Nickleby holding up a wooden practice sword.
“How can you let them fight with wooden practice swords at this point?” one of the townspeople asked. “Don’t you trust them enough with real blades, after all these years of training?”
“I trust them enough to stab one another!” Sir Nickleby shouted back at the crowd before he turned back to the boys. “I know that some of you are so eager to show off your sword-fighting skills in these tryouts that your ‘enthusiasm’ would have risked the lives of your fellow trainees!” he told them, looking around at all of the young men as Oaka glanced down and Hastin glared at the old man.
“I don’t want to see anybody getting hurt here unless it is absolute necessary,” Sir Nickleby said, his eyes passing over Basha for a moment. 
“So I’ve decided to forego the real weapons approach and use a back-to-basics technique,” Sir Nickleby said. He placed the box on the ground and reached in to retrieve the second practice sword. 
“However, these practice swords are just as important as real swords.” Sir Nickleby tucked them underneath his armpit. “None of you should ever forget that you spent years learning with these things before I ever gave you a real sword to hold.” 
“No matter how advanced you are in your skill set, no matter how well equipped, you all started the same and learned the same way with these practice wooden swords. However, some of you have advanced further than the others, and I want to even things up a little bit so that nobody would be hurt mortally, if not wounded in pride.
“Yes, two of you will be chosen to join the town militia this year,” Sir Nickleby said, as the crowd started getting excited, “and when the Border Guards pass through town next year, looking for new recruits, I will be sure to give these two boys a good recommendation, so that they can enlist with honors!” Sir Nickleby shouted, pulling out a tally board from the box as people clapped. At least Sir Nickleby’s recommendation still mattered with the Border Guards, he thought.
“I want to give you all a fair chance at proving that you are the best of the best now!” Sir Nickleby shouted. Even though he felt that the worst students should experience a little pain and shame, if only to make them realize that they weren’t cut out to be in the Border Guards, he still wanted to be proved wrong in the sense that he hoped his training had paid off for the best and the brightest. He wanted to be a good teacher to those who had the ability to be great, and Sir Nickleby hoped that Basha would be one of those young men. 

The farmer approached the crowd when they were still upset and agitated. Pathetic, he thought. They were always upset over something, but they did not understand the real meaning of pain. He would teach them that, much like he had been taught weeks ago. It had been glorious, though, the feeling of elevation that he had received when he had been sworn in as a Follower of Doomba. He had been changed by that encounter irrevocably, enough to know that his destiny lay elsewhere, not in the farm that he had managed for years. He was ready for his new life to begin.
He would strike at the heart of Coe Baba and bring fear to the people of Arria, proving that he had what it took to be the best Follower ever. The militia tryouts would be the perfect opportunity for him, though he did not know quite how he would take advantage of it yet. He decided to slip in and blend in with the crowd of townspeople. Get a feel for what was happening, and maybe see then if they were unsuspecting enough for him to grab a weapon and do some damage to their community. He would be famous for what he did here today, perhaps famous enough for Doomba himself to notice him. That would be a blessing indeed.
Chapter Five: Quarrel
Don’t bring your fight to me,
I know that you have a legitimate quarrel
With each other, but this is not the place nor the
Time to dole out your sense of justice to each other.
--Command from Angoria

Oaka winced when he heard of the matchup between himself and Hastin, and he suspected right then that something was not right. The other young men blinked in surprise, but the rest of the crowd just cheered at this development. The two young men obviously were unevenly matched. The trainees did not understand why the two young competitors had been matched together at all, but they knew that something was amiss with Sir Nickleby to be doing this.
“You wanted to fight for real,” Basha said to his brother.
“But not against Sisila’s brother,” Oaka muttered. “This is a setup.” Yet he stepped out from behind Basha, as he did not want to be called a coward for running away, and there was nowhere else for him to go and hide from everyone else.
“I’ve heard that you’ve been seen with my little sister,” Hastin said to Oaka, his firm hands gripping the entire hilt, from pommel to guard, of the practice wooden sword he had accepted from Sir Nickleby.
Oaka glanced over at Sir Nickleby, but the knight looked up at the sky, away from Oaka, as he held out the second wooden sword for him. “So that was it, was it? And you just went along with that,” Oaka hissed at Sir Nickleby before snatching the wooden sword from the knight. He did not want to say anything more as the whispering in the crowd grew louder.
“Maybe that was just a rumor,” Oaka said to Hastin.
Oaka did want to live forever with Sisila, but he did not want to get killed by her older brother for her. He did not want to die just because he loved her.

Had Oaka just denied that they were dating? Sisila thought to herself, jumping up and down and straining her neck to see over everybody’s shoulders. She wished that she wasn’t so short. 
He wouldn’t do that; he was honest. And Hastin had a temper, but she didn’t believe he would kill somebody, not really.
“I don’t think so. I think you’ve been seeing her for a long time,” Hastin said. Sisila glimpsed them. Hastin stood apart from Oaka and bowed from the shoulder without taking his eyes off the other young man. She could see the hatred in Hastin’s eyes. 
She hated seeing them stare down at each other like this, when all she really wanted was for them to get along. Her boyfriend and her brother, and maybe even her father; why couldn’t they all just get along?
“Maybe I haven’t,” Oaka said as Sisila, indignant at both of them for being so blatantly condescending and chauvinistic, decided to end the farce. Hastin knew, Oaka knew; it was no use to pretend when everybody else knew. 
“Hello, Oaka!” Sisila cried. Maybe there was a chance that something else might change, that no one else would get hurt.

Oaka paused and lifted his head, turning around to face a distant figure dwarfed in the crowd. “Hello, Sisila!” he cried, smiling and waving at her. He then turned back to face her older brother with a shrug. “OK, maybe I have,” he said. He would die, according to the look on Hastin’s face. All right, maybe it was a good day for death.
“Fence!” Sir Nickleby shouted.
Hastin lunged at Oaka, but Oaka retreated in fright. Hastin swung his practice sword like it was for real, and Oaka weakly blocked it. The force of Hastin’s blow impacted Oaka’s whole body and cracked his wooden sword as Oaka yelped.
“New swords! New swords!” Sir Nickleby cried, stepping in to pull Hastin away from Oaka before it turned into fisticuffs. “Keep your temper down, please,” Sir Nickleby told Hastin. “At least let him defend himself.” 
“All right, all right,” Hastin said, grumbling to himself as Sir Nickleby reached into his box and took out another wooden sword for just such an occasion. However, Sir Nickleby didn’t have an endless supply. He did not have another.
Sir Nickleby turned back around to Hastin and told him, “If you want this farce to continue, please be sure not to break this one as well. Do your attacks a little softer.” Hastin glared at him but nodded. Hastin was no Berevus; that was a relief. Sir Nickleby had been worried about him for a while now. Sir Nickleby went back over to Oaka and handed him the sword. “Try again,” he said to the boy.
“Why are you doing this?” Oaka asked, taking it slowly.
“Don’t question me; fight!” Sir Nickleby said, thrusting the sword toward him and then quickly stepping off to the side as Hastin charged again. This time he thrust a little slower, and with less weight than before, but still with a force to be reckoned with. “This isn’t a playground, this isn’t a practice field—this is real life!” Sir Nickleby shouted at them as they started fighting. “Your opponent is not going to spare you just because of your status, Hastin! And don’t forget, Oaka, you have no mercy; neither does anyone else!”
The crowd was restless, seeing what was happening without being able to do much or anything about it, but a few were watching intently, like Basha, as they tried to figure out what was going on in this battle. Sir Nickleby did not want to be young and foolish like these boys were again, never mind the strength he might have. He would much rather have wisdom and age than make the same mistakes twice. And yet he was making the same mistakes, over and over again, but at least this time it was by purpose and not by accident. He had a reason for doing this. It was not a very good reason, but it was the best one that he could come up with.
Oaka needed to learn to pay attention and appreciate the lessons that had been taught to him, whereas Hastin needed to look like he was better than Oaka, even though Hastin had also not been paying attention to the knight’s instructions. Yet Sisila had also given Sir Nickleby a new reason to do this. If Hastin won, then the knight could put the baron’s son up against the balnor and prove that Basha was better and deserved a chance at getting into the Border Guards.
The consequences of Sir Nickleby’s actions, though, were not what he had intended.

Oaka cursed and swore at himself, at the sword, and at Hastin inside his own mind. He thought that he was going to fail, that Sir Nickleby had given him an unfair match, that he never would prove himself worthy, that Sisila would…Stop it, he was starting to sound like Basha! As he thought about all of this, his anger at Hastin, Sir Nickleby, and Baron Augwys bubbled up. Stop it, he barely squeaked out loud to himself, when he needed every breath he had to fight. It took all of his efforts just to defend himself against Hastin, moving as fast as he could to block and retreat.
He tried to press forward with a new attack, knowing that it would never be good enough. Every move he tried to make in offense was blocked easily enough by Hastin. He was at a disadvantage against the older, stronger, and more accomplished young man, and Sisila was watching every move he made. Oaka burned at that thought.
He literally burned. Fire came out of the end of his wooden sword. Hastin yelped as his own sword caught fire, touching Oaka’s blaze, and the rest of the crowd murmured among themselves, astonished by this. Oaka staggered, winded and breathing hard, and Basha started to stride forward, possibly to help him, or maybe to douse his flames. Oaka waved him off, hoping to defuse the situation himself. He had calmed down slightly, enough so that he no longer burned, but his sword remained lit.
Sir Nickleby leaned forward as well, also surprised, but he seemed to be recalculating, like this gave him a new direction. Oaka didn’t care what Sir Nickleby thought; he only thought that he had to take advantage of this. Oaka swung his fiery wooden sword with vigor, and Hastin retreated, tempered by the blaze and frightened out of his wits, especially when a few sparks fell onto his hands. 
Hastin dropped his sword and Oaka charged at him, but then Sir Nickleby cried, “That is enough!” The knight advanced, stomping on Hastin’s fallen sword to put out the sparks before they burned the grass. Oaka managed to find a watering hole and douse the flames of his sword. He felt ashamed and embarrassed of himself for…What had he done exactly? And the people, they were staring at him as he came back, wondering what he had done as well, and Oaka realized they were frightened of him. What had he done? Whatever had possessed him to do this? Magic was awful.
Sisila stared at him, wide-eyed and wondering, and Hastin had not moved from the spot where he had stood against Oaka’s fiery advance, staring off into the distance as if contemplating something horrible. “The friction of the two swords, rubbing and scratching against each other,” Basha said, trying to explain what had happened and why, which caused Oaka to shake his head. He remembered what had happened earlier in the bushes with Sisila when he, too, came up with such excuses, but it was not true. This was magic.
It was magic, and he would pay dearly for having used it in front of others.
Hastin came back from wherever his mind had wandered off to, but before the young man could say anything, Sir Nickleby strode forward in front of everyone and cried, “This is ridiculous!” Everyone stared at him. “We cannot worry about every single freaky little accident!” the knight insisted, as the others murmured among themselves. “These young men—or some of them at least—will be members of the town militia, and we all are townspeople of Coe Baba, citizens of Arria, and we can handle anything that comes our way!” He nodded. “This little accident is but a fluke of nature compared to what can happen. Men have died recently, good men, protecting you and your homes when the forest burned down a few months ago. A wolf attacked us, and one man dropped his torch, just one, which started the blaze, much like Hastin here dropped his own sword,” Sir Nickleby declared, pointing an accusatory finger at Hastin as everybody else continued to murmur among themselves. 
“That was an accident,” Hastin gasped, stunned at being so berated.
“An accident? A burning wooden sword?” Sir Nickleby turned around and faced the others. “Hastin here was careless. People have died here recently, and you all think that this is some sort of game, a chance for something more? Maybe even a promotion to the Border Guards?” he asked as they all fell silent. He shook his head. “No, this is real, and you all will die, here or elsewhere, if you do not believe me, if you are careless, if…I have been too lax in my duties. You will fight for me today and prove to me that you have what it takes to survive in the Border Guards and in the militia. Next time there will be no mistake. I will protect you all, I will protect my home of Coe Baba and Arria, and you all will be standing beside me, doing the exact same thing!” Everyone stared at him. “Except for you, Hastin,” Sir Nickleby added, turning toward the young man. “You are out of here.”
“What? How can you do this to me?” Hastin fumed.
“You have failed the test! You may not have been beaten, but you dropped your sword, and Oaka here was about to attack you. You would have lost,” Sir Nickleby insisted. “Now get out of here, Hastin. Oaka, you stay. And your next competitor will be…” He paused, looking around at the other boys inching back, away from his gaze and away from Oaka. “Basha,” he declared as Hastin stormed away.
“Basha?” Oaka and everybody else practically gasped.
“Basha, step forward. Take this sword off of the ground,” Sir Nickleby ordered, pointing down at the remnants of Hastin’s practice sword. “I’m afraid I have no more to spare for now, especially when…Well, a burned sword is much like a damaged sword, and it might be useful to learn how to fight with one, when your own sword could be damaged somehow.” 
Basha stepped forward, and everyone watched as he advanced, picked up the wooden sword, most of which had crumbled into ash, and went into position, staring at Oaka. There were no physical similarities between Basha and Oaka, for being born from different families, yet the two of them were raised in such close confines by the same parents they had some emotional and mental similarities, though they were not quite alike in character or disposition, as Geda had a partiality for Oaka, and Habala had one for Basha. It was perhaps not conscious, but it was there in some form.
If fighting style could be used to compare them, Oaka fought as a rooster or as a monkey might, while Basha was more grounded as a crane or a snake in battle. When Oaka had faced Hastin, he did so with his stomach bared, his sword arm at his side, and the tip pointed at Hastin with a flourish, like he was ready to thrust or receive a blow, but Hastin had only laughed at him.
Basha, on the other hand, took a more proper stance when he dueled, his feet firmly planted in a spread position and poised in the classical style of fencing with his sword arm upraised, not exposing his stomach or back to his opponent. He seemed more alert than Oaka; when Oaka was stuck in a flight-or-fight position without any other kind of options, Basha looked more ready to strike or defend himself with vigor.
Oaka bowed from the waist stiffly, while Basha nodded his head, both wishing not to ignore the rules of chivalry, while hating how much they had to fight. Oaka could not ignore the whispering of the crowd around him when he was nervous, facing a formidable opponent with more experience, but Basha ignored the crowd in the distance, concentrating on his opponent and what he had to do.
Oaka stared back at Basha, wondering if Sir Nickleby assumed he would not harm his brother. Most everyone here was frightened of him after what had just happened, but a few were not. He imagined that Basha and Sisila were not, though he did not know if they trusted him anymore. He assumed Sir Nickleby wasn’t frightened of him, if only because the knight was not afraid of anything. Oaka used to be brave, but now he was not so sure of himself.
“Fence!” Sir Nickleby declared.
Basha and Oaka went at each other, trying their best to fight with half-broken, charred wooden swords, but it did not work well when they were both trying not to make too much of an impact against each other. They both jabbed and swung wildly and wide of each other, not really fighting each other but fencing as they had done when they were children, with sticks. Oaka swung too high, Basha swung too low, and they both laughed at each other as it was still a game to them, not meant to harm. Oaka was glad of this, as he did not want to lose his brother’s trust.
“Oaka! Basha! Stop fooling around!” Sir Nickleby said, but suddenly he was interrupted by women and men screaming
Hastin was charging in through the crowd, with a real sword in his hand. Basha and Oaka retreated as Hastin swung, dodging his cuts and thrusts, until Sir Nickleby interrupted, thrusting in his own sword with a clash.
“Hastin, you don’t want to do this!” Sir Nickleby said.
“Sir Nickleby, you are in the wrong here!” Hastin declared, attempting to break away from the knight, but the knight kept getting in his way. “I am in the right! I have had enough of their treacherous ways. They are stealing girls; they are…insurrectionists,” Hastin declared, parrying the knight. “They have no respect for authority or class, just like their father, and you are on their side, aren’t you?” Hastin cried, pointing his sword at Sir Nickleby. “You are a traitor to my father!” 
Some of the men and young men had grabbed swords and weapons from the pile, fearing that Hastin had gone mad, and that they would have to subdue him, but then they started arguing with each other. Should they disrupt the fight, or wait to see what would happen, if Hastin was right about Basha and Oaka, or if he was just accusing them for no good reason, or if…Oaka and Basha stood in the middle of all this, stunned by what they were hearing and what was happening. They wondered if they should interfere, too.
“I am not a traitor to your father,” Sir Nickleby declared, knocking at Hastin’s sword until it fell from his hand. “I am only trying to protect them, because they have done nothing wrong.” He thrust forward. “I am loyal to your father, and I do not want to see him, or anybody else, get hurt!” He forced Hastin onto the ground. “You are mistaken, Hastin, and I am sorry for whatever hurt you feel they or I have done to you, but we are not to blame!” 
Hastin fumed. “I am going to tell my father what has happened here, and I will see you rot in jail!”
“You will be put in jail for what has happened here, or else I will speak to your father, and he will pardon you if he feels so lenient,” Sir Nickleby said. “You know, I am partly to blame for what has happened here, in the sense that I pushed you too hard. I did not know your breaking point, and for that, I am sorry,” he said, turning around.
Hastin tried to reach for his sword, but it was already gone. Somebody else had already taken it, and all of the other swords were out of his reach. Hastin groaned and declared, “You, Sir Nickleby, are going to be finished here—do you understand me, finished! You will be demoted from commander of the town militia, and you will never teach another class of students ever again!”
“I do not want to,” Sir Nickleby muttered and turned around. “I quit,” he declared, walking away.
Basha and Oaka stumbled forth as the rest of the crowd milled about, unwilling to let Sir Nickleby leave. Most of them did not want to have another person instructing the students or leading the town militia. Sir Nickleby had been their knight for so long that they could not think of another person who could take his place. Now Sir Nickleby had abandoned them, and they had been left aimless, not knowing who would be promoted to the town militia or who would be recommended to the Border Guards. All of that training and practice they had gone through for years, and now they had been left hanging. Basha and Oaka had depended on a placement in the Border Guards, either to leave Coe Baba or to earn a living, but now they had nothing to look forward to. Except being buried in the town’s graveyard, Oaka thought to himself, and shuddered.

The farmer had watched the matchup of the two young men, Oaka and Hastin, in a similar state of confusion as the rest of the crowd. He, too, had rolled his eyes at their brief exchange of words, much like Sisila had done, although for a different reason. These people held themselves too proudly, too boastfully in his opinion, and he thought they deserved to be cut down to size for the sake of Doomba.
But when one of their wooden swords caught fire, he perked up, for this was a change from what he had expected. One of these adversaries had magic on his side, and he would be able to defend himself and others. He would have to be more cautious in his approach if there was magic in this town, for he had assumed that the townspeople were innocent of this blight. 
He had no magic in him, despite the touch of Doomba upon him. He was an ordinary man, for the most part. He could not just grab a sword now to attack if someone could stop him with a wave of their magic finger, and he would burst into flame. He would have to be more cautious in how he approached the destruction of Coe Baba if he did not want to be caught and punished before the deed was done.
He watched the rest of the militia tryouts, not that there was much of it left, disappointed in his plans and trying to come up with a solution for a problem he could not resolve. Although he was slightly amused when Hastin charged at Basha and Oaka, despite not really understanding what was going on between them, he was further dismayed when quite a few of the townspeople grabbed swords to stop Hastin. 
Though they may have had trouble deciding what to do until Sir Nickleby stepped in, at least they were sort of united. The farmer was alone in fulfilling his plan. He had no partner or friend to help him with it, for he was perhaps the only Follower of Doomba within a twenty-mile radius of Coe Baba. He had started out alone, and he would finish this alone. He just had to figure out what to do.
At least the knight had quit.

Part Two: The Courtship Ritual
Chapter Six: Knives and Music
Gorbana, goddess of the hunt, was scorned by
Her husband, Qei, of the harvest, and she turned
To the god of death, Loqwa, who eyed her coming.
“Bring me a unicorn, Loqwa, and I will bring you a centaur.”
—The Legends of Arria

The band members muttered among themselves, the sound like water rushing over rocks and branches embedded in the river, as Geda, the band’s leader, insisted, “We’ve got an hour or two before the first guests arrive, people, so let’s get this all organized. I want to hear a faster tempo out of you, Morton.”
“I don’t think this old horn can take it,” Morton said, gazing down at his instrument.
“Well, you better blow, Morton, or else. And if those keys get jammed, then get a little grease to loosen them up or something,” Geda said flippantly as he checked the pages for the notes he had written down during the rehearsal.
“Grease? On my horn?” Morton gasped. “This was my mother’s!”
“All of our instruments belonged to our parents or other relatives. All right, then don’t do it,” Geda said, rolling his eyes. 
Most of the instruments weren’t prized family heirlooms, for although they had been passed down through the generations, they were a wee bit nasty after a few decades of use and misuse. Morton always took things too seriously, like most of Habala’s family, (he was a cousin of some kind to Geda’s wife), treasuring things above people and ideals, it seemed. 
“Just find something,” Geda mumbled, rearranging the music. Music, an immortal and universal language, was shared by all cultures in some form or another. It transcended time and space, and exalted feelings to the heights of ecstasy or the depths of madness and despair. Music was what he wanted to share with the people, perfect as it was, and at the same time he had to deal with the imperfections of those who had to perform it, including himself.
“I bet even your fat fingers could fit in underneath those keys to pry them loose,” Smidge said to Morton.
“Well, yes, but then they would get stuck down there,” Morton said truthfully. 
All of the other fellows laughed at that, except for Geda, who slapped himself in the face. “Morton, Morton,” he said. You’re an embarrassment to the family, he wanted to say, but didn’t because that would be rude.
“It’s the truth. I don’t want to have my fingers stuck down there all evening long. Then you really would lose my horn,” Morton said.
“Good riddance to that!” Hermer said.
“All right, settle down now, everybody!” Geda said, and the others looked up at him. “We have a performance coming up!” He then paused as the band straightened themselves up. “Are we all ready? Good—then let’s practice that one bit for the last time already, from the beginning of page two.”
Before the flute, horn, trumpet, drums, and fiddle could play more than a few notes together onstage, two voices were raised offstage. “Give me those balls, Oaka!” Geda grimaced as he heard the voice.
“No, you juggled last time, Basha. I played the fiddle then,” Oaka said, struggling with his younger brother over a box that contained ten balls. “Let me have this, Basha; I juggle better than you can!”
The band members laughed among themselves at this, except for Geda, who just shook his head. “Ugh, those boys,” Geda remarked. Why couldn’t the boys behave? Especially with company coming by, especially with the band already here, his friends as well as his group. The boys should be acting more grown-up by now; they were almost adults!
“You better take care of this, brother,” Smidge remarked.
“Don’t tell me how to run my family, Smidge,” Geda said, annoyed at the interruptions.
“What is the matter with you, Oaka? Don’t you think you’re overreacting?” Basha grunted, trying to gain control.
“You’re the one who’s overreacting here! Father!” Oaka called, letting go.
“Mother!” Basha called out as well when he fell over backward with the box in his hands still.
“I better go settle this,” Geda said, going offstage to talk to the boys as his friends talked among themselves.
“Basha says he—” Oaka pointed.
“Oaka won’t let me—” Basha said from the floor.
“One at a time! One at a time!” Geda shouted as they overlapped. “Basha?” he asked, looking down. The band went awfully quiet at this point.
“Oaka won’t let me juggle,” Basha said as he got up and clutched the box close to him, trying to shield it from his brother. 
For Geda, all of this fuss over a few measly balls didn’t seem worth the trouble and delay to his band practice. “You juggled last time, remember?” Geda pointed out. “When you got the gooseberry fool all over you; do you remember that?” 
Basha looked down at the floor. “Oaka threw it at me.” 
Geda shook his head without any sympathy as the band members burst out guffawing at this point. If Basha was to blame for this embarrassment, then he did deserve to be embarrassed as well. “Yes, yes, but I don’t care,” Geda said, “as you still juggled then. Basha, give Oaka the box. He will have his turn now. You will play the fiddle now, and wait your turn for next time.” 
“I always play the fiddle,” Basha muttered, handing over the box to a smirking Oaka. Oaka stuck his tongue out at Basha, and Basha stuck his tongue out as well at Oaka.
“You know that’s not true,” Geda said, although he did wonder if he should start to keep track of who played what when. If Basha did not get enough time to juggle, if it really was Basha’s turn tonight, then Geda did owe Basha an apology. But it was too late now to change his judgment without disgracing himself in front of his sons, and so all he said was “Let Oaka show off tonight.” 
“Thank you, Father,” Oaka said, running off with the box to practice.
Basha frowned but slowly nodded, as he knew that he could not argue with his father anymore. And Geda returned to his band, musicians by hobby, not by trade, yet they all sounded sweeter than any argument his two boys could come up with. They always seemed to argue and get into trouble with each other, never satisfied with just having each other in the first place. They should be glad that they had each other at all.
“How did it go, Geda?” Smidge asked, with the rest of the band smirking at him. If Geda’s own family could not respect him, then how could he expect the rest of the band to do the same?
“Why do you have to treat Basha so hard?” Morton asked.
“Oh, hush up, let’s keep playing,” Geda said, and they started up again. He did not know if he was more embarrassed with the way his band had acted or with the boys. Perhaps he was most embarrassed with himself.
***
The Smiling Stallion Inn sign swung and “neighed” with the wind, as gusts and guests arrived in an orange and magenta haze as the sunset streaked across the sky. Dust swirled up on the main gravel road of town, and pine and oak could be smelled coming from the forest, which surrounded most of Coe Baba except for the few miles of cleared land in between those woods and the town proper. The inn smelled of cream, dust, and honey inside, partly because of the wood and the ale.
“Welcome to the Smiling Stallion, welcome to the Smiling Stallion, welcome to the Smiling Stallion Inn!” Geda and his brother Smidge sang on fiddle and guitar, just as they had done on the night of Basha’s birth, the same night that most of the town had come to the inn to celebrate Oaka’s birth. Even their friend Hermer was still accompanying them on trumpet. “For surely you are welcome, for surely you are welcome at the Smiling Stallion Inn!” They finished with a flourish. The people clapped and cheered at the old familiar favorite, which had been played throughout the years. Geda was a little tired of it.
This was the last song for Geda’s band right now, the opening act. Geda waved his hand holding the bow. “Thank you, thank you, everybody!” he shouted as loud as he could so that he would be heard. “And now I would like to present to you my two sons, Oaka and Basha!” he shouted, as Smidge and Hermer packed up their instruments. The two band members snickered and nudged each other. Fewer people clapped as Basha and Oaka came up onto the stage, a raised floor in an alcove beneath the mezzanine and against the back wall of the common room, where several tables and chairs had been removed and moved to another part of the room for tonight’s event. Surely people did not suspect that something was wrong with them? Geda thought to himself, wondering why people seemed less enthusiastic for his own children about to perform. Surely they could not be so bad, Geda thought to himself as he handed over his bow and fiddle to Basha. He told him, “Be good” in a low whisper and went offstage. Hopefully he would be good now, and behave.
“Thank you, thank you everybody,” Basha said, less enthusiastic now as he took up his father’s bow and fiddle. Oaka warmed up for the act, tossing a ball or two up into the air to loosen his arms. “We would like to thank you all for coming and hope that you all have a great time this evening,” Basha said.
“Louder, Basha!” his father called.
“I know that some of you are here to get engaged tonight,” he said, a little louder, “and we would like to congratulate you all in advance. But we would like to remind everyone not to drink too much tonight.”
“Basha,” Oaka hissed behind him.
“Louder, Basha, we can’t hear you!” The audience chimed in without Geda’s prompting. Smidge and Hermer laughed.
“I know…We know that you all are celebrating tonight,” Basha said, louder than ever before, “and we appreciate you all coming here. But we want to remind you to be careful going home tonight, and…not ride over somebody.” A few people coughed. “Or get trampled. Thank you,” Basha said hurriedly, setting the bow to fiddle-strings as a few people clapped.
“Oh, my boy Basha,” Geda muttered, slapping his forehead as Basha began to play and Oaka juggled, singing as he did so. Maybe he shouldn’t have pressured Basha so much.
“It’s all right, Geda, they were just warming up,” Habala said as she came over to him. “See? They’ve already got the crowd up on their feet.”
“That’s Oaka; he’s got the talent in pleasing the crowd.” Geda sighed. “Why did Basha have to put in the warning?” Basha just seemed prone to ruining important things sometimes.
“Nisa!” Habala called. “Go serve.” She pointed out a table of lumberjacks to one of the serving girls she had hired for the evening. “I think it’s a great idea—shows some common sense and reduces accidents,” Habala said, turning back to her husband and leaning down. “You should be more careful whom you serve, and what you serve them. Not everybody can or should be your friend.”
“I need to serve them to make some more money,” Geda said, getting up. “Excuse me while I go back to the bar,” he said, wishing that his wife, and Basha, would stop haranguing him when he was only trying to earn a living for all of them.
“By the way, what was that commotion I heard earlier this evening?” Habala asked.
“That was Basha and Oaka fighting over who got to juggle,” Geda said.
“That…You should not have made them perform this evening,” Habala told him. “You should have been more lenient with them, and given them the night off.”
“Habala!”
“They’re distracted, thinking about what’s going to happen tonight. Imagine, it’s their own Courtship ritual, for goodness’ sake! It comes but once in a lifetime for them, if they should be so lucky.” Habala sighed. “We were lucky, weren’t we, Geda?”
“Of course we are, Habala, but it should not matter to them,” Geda said. “A professional soldier, musician, or innkeeper does not let anything distract him from his duties, even if it is love and wedding engagements. Basha and Oaka should be more professional in their lives, if they are going to pursue careers in those directions.”
“Geda.”
“Besides, I only told them to perform two songs. They will get off that stage, and then the storyteller will be next. They won’t miss a thing.” 
“Oh, good,” Habala said, sighing.
“Excuse me,” Geda said, already getting up to return to the bar. He did not want to be too rough on them, as they did deserve some lenience for being two fine young men who had done some good work for the inn over the years. But he knew that they had to toughen up, especially Basha, if they were going to survive on their own in this harsh world.
The people at the bar hushed up a bit when Geda came, and he glanced over at them, wondering what they had been talking about before he arrived. He had missed the militia tryouts yesterday, but if the rumors were true…They couldn’t be; he would know if such a thing were possible in his own family. Although Oaka…He sighed and shook his head, filling up drinks and serving them before he started polishing up some dirty glasses.
“If a wise fool is what you will take me for, then what a wise fool I’ll be!” Oaka sang as his juggling hands struggled to keep up with Basha attacking the strings at a rapid pace. “I’ll dance and sing, for your pain and pleasure, nothing else will take the measure, for whatever else I take from you, I’ll give it back in equal measure.” Basha paused in his strumming as Oaka caught his balls. “For a wise fool always takes,” Oaka sang as Basha strummed once, “no more than what”—Basha plucked a string—“he is given.” 
And then Basha and Oaka both sang in near perfect unison, “And if you should give me back that name, then I’ll give you what for!” they cried, finishing up with a flourish as Basha ricocheted the bow against the strings, and the whole crowd clapped and cheered. Another fine performance from Basha and Oaka. One more song for them to perform, and juggle their way through, and then they would be free for the evening, to do whatever they wanted to do. Geda wished them luck in their endeavors.
Sir Nickleby arrived, and people avoided him as they whispered to each other about what had happened yesterday afternoon at the militia tryouts, and what had happened, or what they guessed had happened, several months ago when part of the forest burned. The innkeeper reserved his judgment for now, as the knight had shown nothing but kindness to him and his family for many years now. He had been a good friend and a good customer of his for that long as well, although the customer part didn’t really matter to Geda. 
The innkeeper could not believe anything so ill of the knight when he judged most men, women, and children to be decent, good, hard-working people, especially if they set their minds to it. He also could not believe what other people were saying about Basha and Oaka’s behavior during the militia tryouts. It had to be exaggerated.
“How are you doing, Sir Nickleby?” Geda asked, approaching the knight who was walking up to the bar, and looking at him straight on. He didn’t seem too disturbed or crazy.
“Fine, thank you, although I have been better,” Sir Nickleby said, staring morosely down at the wood grain without looking up at the innkeeper.
Geda had faced such consternation and censure from his fellow townspeople in the past, and knew that rumor could ruin a man, his reputation, and his business faster than, and almost as much as, the truth could. At least Geda had recovered from such bad-mouthing as best he could; fortunately his business mostly depended on people who did not care that much about reputation and rumor—drunks and visitors to the town of Coe Baba who did not know much about the inner workings of this town. Sir Nickleby’s business, however, had been based on trust and honor, and now that was gone.
“I’m sorry for what happened to you yesterday afternoon, but I’m glad that you were there,” Geda said. “If you had not intervened, who knows what would have happened?”
“Sir Nickleby!” Habala cried, coming up to them. 
“Oh, Habala,” Geda sighed, exasperated with her for interrupting.
“I’m…We’re sorry, but we are so grateful that you helped defend our boys,” Habala said, including her reluctant husband. “I know that you have had so many other students over the years, and Basha and Oaka were just two of them, but we appreciate it very much. It’s a shame that you had to quit.”
“I cannot teach forever, Habala, you know that. I might as well retire now,” Sir Nickleby said, smiling up at her.
“Thank you,” Geda mouthed at the knight.
“Oh, we thank you nonetheless,” Habala said. “I don’t see why Hastin has got such a grudge against my boys. Well, I might know why, but it’s still not a good enough excuse.” Habala blushed.
Sir Nickleby said, “Habala, thank you for the compliment, but please do not thank me.” He got up. “I only did what I had to do, and I won’t always be around to protect your boys. Remember that, and tell them to defend themselves honorably,” he added with a wink before leaving them.
Habala sighed. “Oh, Geda, do you think the boys will be all right?”
“We have nothing to fear, Habala, nothing,” Geda said, wrapping his arm around her. He did not explicitly state that his sons were included in this pronouncement, for he already feared that he could not protect his sons either, and what would happen to Basha, he did not know.
Smidge came by and glared after the knight. “What was he doing here?” 
“He was just talking, Smidge. Go away,” Geda muttered, waving away his younger brother.
“That Sir Nickleby cannot be trusted,” Smidge told him as he left.
“I don’t know why I put up with him,” Geda said as Habala kissed him. The boys finished playing.
***
“We should have started off right away. Not with your warning.”
“I’m sorry, Oaka, all right?” Basha said, sighing as he walked offstage with his brother. “I did not think about what sort of a reaction it would garner. I just thought it would be nice, that’s all, to give them a word of caution.”
“A word of caution? We depend on them, that’s all, to drink as much as they want. Have you not thought of that?” 
“I’m sorry. I just thought it would be nice for once to care about them as much as for what they buy.” 
“It’s not about that!” Oaka interrupted. “It’s about…The inn is not going to last forever, you know, especially if you start discouraging people like that.” Oaka stormed off before Basha got a chance to reply.
He had not thought about that…Basha shook his head. He had embarrassed himself tonight with the way that he had acted, and he had shamed his father and brother, but that was the least of his problems now. Oaka had been avoiding him since the militia tryouts. Oaka had been avoiding everybody, as a matter of fact. There were still whispers and rumors about the wooden sword catching on fire yesterday, with people believing that it was magic. Basha had no idea whether or not it was true, but he feared it might be. Oaka…What might happen to him if people started fearing him and his magical powers? And Sir Nickleby, what would he do now without the town militia? Things were going downhill.
***
“Stay away from me, Morton,” Nisa said as she went out the side door beside the bar, a notepad stuck in her apron pocket and a piece of paper clutched in her right hand. He trailed after her, though; she could not get rid of him. 
It was a cool evening, close to freezing as she shivered and headed toward the kitchen just on the other side of the alleyway. She tried not to look down, though the sun had set twenty minutes ago, and it was close to pitch black in some places. Her scraped leather boots, hidden behind the hem of her skirt, sloshed through the scummy snow left behind by the last season and whatever refuse a wayward drunkard might have left here. She had to hold her breath sometimes to block out the horrible smells.
“I do not understand what is the matter with you,” Morton said, shaking his head as he tucked his horn underneath his armpit. “You’ve only got a couple more years before—”
“Before what, Morton?” Nisa asked, turning around to face him at the kitchen doorway with her eyebrows raised. She was twenty-six—almost twenty-seven—years old, and she had never been married or engaged to anybody. For the past year Morton had been trying to propose to her, but for a long while he had not succeeded as she either excused him as being drunk or kidding, ignored him as if she never heard him, changed the subject in midsentence, or ran off somewhere before he got the chance to finish. Once or twice he had finally got the nerve to finish his proposal, but she had said no. She had dated a few men before, including Morton and even Smidge, but she had never considered any of them to be her soul mate. She had been busy, trying to provide for herself and for her mother, and she had little to no time to consider them for marriage.
“I mean, you’re…I’m…We’re not getting any younger,” Morton said. 
“Speak for yourself, Morton,” Nisa said with a roll of her gray eyes before she entered the kitchen. How dare he, he was almost twenty years older than her, and she could not consider him at all. “You might not want to consider spending the last few years of your life alone, but as for me, I have more time than you do,” she said, going through the workspace, nodding her blonde head at the six other women and men chopping vegetables, stirring soup, roasting meat, and baking bread for the night’s event, one of the most celebrated in town during the year. A large crowd was gathered inside the inn, the only inn in town, and she had to serve them, as did the other people inside this kitchen.
“More…What about children?” Morton asked, trying to avoid getting trampled or getting in other people’s ways.
“Children—haven’t thought much about them,” Nisa said, turning to him as she placed her piece of paper down in front of one of the cooks. “The way I see it, children are a nuisance. You might want them to continue your legacy, but…” she paused, brushing back blonde locks. “You have not thought much about them.” She turned back to the cook and told him, “Make sure to put a rush on that beef, and don’t forget to add the mint. Lumberjacks,” she added as the cook nodded.
“What about your maternal instinct?” Morton asked her. “What about love, and—”
“Morton, you’re just not who I want to be married to,” Nisa said, turning to him and crossing her arms. “I haven’t got time for you, Morton. I haven’t got time to consider children, a family, or anything like that.” She paused, glancing over his shoulder. What was that man doing here? “You’re just not worth the effort for me,” she said slowly, watching the man pour a vial of strange liquid into the soup pot boiling on the stove a few feet away from them. “You might want more out of me than I can give you,” she said and then rushed forward.
“Hey! Stop that, get out of here!” she cried, pushing aside the steaming pot of soup and knocking it off of the stove as the man rushed out of the kitchen in front of her. Morton screamed behind her as two serving girls and a cook turned their heads. “I’m sorry, Morton!” Nisa cried, turning around to face him. “I have to…Wash yourself off,” she said, staring at him. “It’s OK, it’s just a minor burn.” 
“A minor burn!” Morton cried, the hot soup dripping from him. “It hurts!”
“You’re going to be fine,” she said, backing away from him. “I have to go. You might be happier raising a family and marrying a different girl. I’m different, but that’s not me,” she said, glancing toward the door. “I’m just not for you, Morton.” She paused to turn around. “Good-bye, Morton!” she cried, chasing after the man.
“Nisa, wait!” Morton cried, sniffling and huffing as he tried not to panic.
She had lost him. Nisa ran out into the night, looking into the stable yard before she took off down the alleyway toward the street, thinking that he had been running. Good thing she had worn her boots tonight, and not her clogs. The other man would not have stopped and thought long enough about stealing a horse, let alone saddling it. He was huffing and puffing down the street, in his midthirties at best, heading west, but he did not make it very far. Nisa caught up with him before too long. She tackled him, knocking him down onto the ground, and then sprang up again when he lashed out at her.
Confound it, she had no knife, as she had not expected to attack anybody at this event. She glanced back toward the man rising up. He was a farmer, she could tell that from his muscles, not quite as hefty as a lumberjack’s, but close. The workers at the factories and mills weren’t quite as strong. However, he must have come from farther away, deeper into the Mila Forest perhaps, as she did not recognize him as being from around here. It might have been harder to fight him if she had known him.
“What are you doing here?” the farmer asked, looking up at her. She did not like the look on his face.
“What were you doing?” she shot back at him, crouching down and hiding her face from him. She did not want him to get a good look at her.
“You do not think that I…” the farmer said, but it was only a momentary distraction before he lunged at her with his blade, a short-sword at best, maybe a cutlass.
She feinted away from him and slapped at him, but then he knocked her back with his other fist. She fell onto the ground. The farmer came toward her, sword raised, but then she threw dirt into his eyes as she rose up. He staggered back, and she snatched the knife blade out of his limp hand. It had cut into her, but at least she had it. 
All of this had taken just a few seconds. She stepped away from him. No one was out on the street, as everyone was either at the inn, in the restaurant, at the pub, or in the bistro, the lights shining brightly a short distance away from them in either direction. It was not time yet for the main event, and everyone was eating and drinking. Their part of the street was dark.
She crouched and pointed the blade at him now, still ready for action as she repeated, “What were you doing?”
“You cannot ask me that, for you cannot expect me to answer that,” the farmer said, staring down at her. “All I have to say is that you chose the wrong side, you and your father.” He paused and smiled at the look on her face. “Yes, that’s right, I’ve heard of you. I thought that you and your father were just a legend, but here you are.” 
“Here I am,” she said, charging at the farmer. Slash, stab, kick; it was all over in a few seconds. The farmer who had come to Coe Baba lay dead on the ground.
Nisa dragged his body down an alleyway off of the street and into the forest on the western side of the fields. She could stomach this; she could handle it. Nisa cleaned herself off as best she could with some snowmelt and her apron. She stitched her wound together a bit, flinching, with the needle and thread she had in her apron pocket. She ripped off a bit of the apron she had bloodied and wrapped it around her wound for a bandage. 
She wound up throwing the apron away anyway, using it to cover up the body she left underneath a bush, taking the order notepad with her. She went back to town, still in time to pick up the cooling food order she had left for the cook to fill and deliver the plates to the waiting lumberjacks inside the inn. They muttered among themselves, and one of them pinched her bottom mercilessly.
She fumbled and dropped the last plate onto the floor. “I’m sorry,” she said, shaking her head as the lumberjacks stared at her. She bent down to pick up the food off the floor to throw away, trembling. She was cracking. She thought that she could handle the pressure of her duties, but she was faltering. She hated the thought of losing control. 
“Do you need some help?” she heard a voice say, and looked up at Basha.
“Oh, thank you, I could use some,” Nisa said, nodding as he bent down beside her. “My name is Nisa.” 
“Basha,” he told her, picking up some slices of meat and putting them on her tray.
“Are you going to ask for anyone tonight?” she asked, curious.
Basha stopped, hesitating. “I’m going to try,” he said.
“May I ask whom?” she said, smiling.
He hesitated again. “Jawen,” he whispered, so low that no one else could hear him.
“Well, good luck with that,” she said, standing up with her tray full.
Basha looked up at her. “What’s wrong with your hand?” he asked, pointing at her bandage. 
“Oh, I just injured myself not too long ago,” Nisa said. He stood up, and she waved him off. “It’s fine, just a minor wound. I cut myself slicing the pork. Would you like anything to eat?” she asked him.
“Uh…” Basha looked down “No, I suppose,” he said, looking up at her. “I had pork with radishes and cucumber earlier this evening. Sorry about that,” he added. He stood nearly as tall as she did.
“It’s fine,” Nisa said. “You know, it is a little strange to be ordering food at your own home,” she remarked, walking away from the lumberjacks’ table with the tray in her hands.
Basha nodded. “I know. I have to work here as well,” he said, following after her for no particular reason. “My brother, Oaka, and I set up most of the extra tables for the event.” He pointed. “We moved those tables off of the platform down to here, to make a stage, and we also brought up some of the barrels of ale and beer from the cellar.” They reached the side door. 
“You know, it makes me wonder sometimes if the effort is worth it,” he said as she stopped by the door to listen to him. “You don’t really get much privacy or rest when your business is your home, and it goes on for all hours of the day and night.” He looked down. “You have got to be ready to take care of your guests, you have got to be ready to handle any sort of emergency, and you have to got give more of yourself than you want to sometimes,” he said, looking at her. “And I don’t like it sometimes, to tell you the truth, but you’ve got to do it. You’ve got to do it to survive.”
Nisa nodded. “Well, I better go throw this trash out on the midden,” she said, turning away from him.
“Sorry if I was ranting too much,” Basha told her as she left.
You weren’t, Nisa thought to herself. Nisa wanted to say thank you as well, but she couldn’t. Nisa had a couple of obligations that made it difficult for her to consider getting married, obligations that required her to be detached from those who weren’t involved in her mission, and especially from Basha. A mission that required her to be secretive and discreet, a mission that she had been involved with for a very long time. Frankly, she was a little tired of it and wished it to be over, but it really had not even begun yet. She also hated dismissing Morton so rudely like that, but it was better for her, and for him, to break it off now instead of later.
Chapter Seven: History and Legend
The tales we tell ourselves are the ones
That stay with us. They have no end or
Beginning, they just continue on and grow
In complexity and mystery until we depart.
--The Storyteller’s Lament

“There are worlds upon worlds.” The Old Man began his story the same way he always did, with a prelude. “The worlds of the living, where we reside, include so many far-off and different times and places that we could not possibly count them all.” He smiled as he said, “Yet all of them are inhabited by people or beings who live and breathe just the same as we do, who need as much as we do, in terms of love, security, and compassion.” 
The Old Man leaned back against a tall, wing-backed wooden chair fit for a king, large enough for two people to sit close together in its seat. It was brought out only on special occasions for the baron, the priest, or the katlin, the storyteller known as the Old Man, to sit in. Floor space had been cleared for dancing later on, but right now, the children of the village had come to sit on the floor in a semicircle around the katlin in his chair in the middle of the room. The Old Man’s skin was as leathery as bark, his long, stringy hair as gray and silvery as moss, and he usually seemed preoccupied or meditative, as if musing to himself upon some philosophical problem. 
The Old Man had been safe and sound for all of these years, never harmed by anything, Basha thought to himself. The Old Man was well-known among the townspeople for being “long-lived” as he had been the Old Man when they were children, and continued to be so even as they grew up, grew older, and had children and grandchildren of their own. The Old Man remained the same, never aging or dying. They did not know exactly how old he was, what his real name was, or how many generations he had lived through, but he was the best storyteller in Coe Baba for all of his experience. The Old Man never got involved in any affairs in the village, except for when it came to storytelling on special occasions and the occasional town council meeting. He kept himself apart from other people, living in a hut in the woods, not far from the River Daneuve and the fields on the edge of town proper, and he went into town only when he had to. The children came to see him on most nights during the planting and harvest seasons after a hard day of work to hear his stories for about an hour or so before they returned home and went to bed.
“The worlds of the dead, where we go when we die, are the abode of those who once lived, but are now spirits that haunt us only in our memories of long ago.” The Old Man sighed, as if remembering. “Half-forgotten times and places, when we were much happier perhaps. The spirits still linger on in spite of the dark times ahead of us.” He then shook his head with a grim finality and said, “For there will always be the dead to surround us as we move forward.” 
The Old Man peered about, almost as if he was being watchful for ghosts. Basha and the children peered about as well without thinking. Basha, however, would have welcomed two ghosts in particular. He had some deep, personal questions for them.
“The worlds of the shadows, those who never lived but instead reside beyond life and death, feeling their way toward us, and the dead, to touch us with darkness and despair,” the Old Man continued. “They would like to live, and consume those who are dead, or who are about to die, with their own hatred and fear, but never to die themselves, just to live forever and feast,” the Old Man said, looking straight ahead. Basha almost thought the Old Man was looking at him at this point, but then the Old Man turned his head toward the south, as if his sight could penetrate all of those hundreds of miles to Coe Doomba. “Yet this cannot be,” he said with fervor.
Basha shivered to himself and gulped, not knowing why he was so frightened. Perhaps he was thinking about yesterday, or something else. It was perhaps odd that what had so frightened him as a child still frightened him to this day, but then again, such traumatic childhood memories were probably pretty powerful stuff.
“Forgive me, I am just distracted,” the Old Man said, shaking his head. “And the worlds of the gods, those who rule over all of our lives, our existences, and our fates—they are the ones who control all of this, and all other possible worlds,” the Old Man said. “Yet they are so far above us in understanding, and power, that we cannot possibly comprehend what they have in store for us, nor what they have in store for others.” The Old Man looked up toward the ceiling as if a giant foot might come down and crush them. “Only can we try to understand, and make sense of, what little they have given us, and work out for ourselves our own problems.” 
Basha was no longer a child like those sitting on the floor, but he still believed, in some small part of himself, that promise of magic and nobility to those who listened. Now that he was older, he didn’t always trust in the promise of a glorious future ending happily ever after, yet he still wanted it to be true. 
The undying legends had been told dozens of times before, the legends of gods and monsters, some one and the same as the gods had done monstrous things, and the legends of heroes and magic, as the heroes had done grand things with the noblest of purposes, and the splendor of magic had lit their world…He still wanted to believe in them. He still wanted to believe in the Old Man and what he had to say.
Katlin meant storyteller in the Old Language of ancient days, and a town like this one certainly needed a storyteller to remind them of the legends of bygone days, when the country of Arria was supposed to have been greater than it was now. The katlin was a tradition just as important to the townspeople as the Courtship ritual, and the adults were glad to send their children to visit him as often as possible. 
Basha thought that every person living in this town had to be aware of the legacy left behind to him or her by their ancestors. Everyone born in Coe Baba was raised in a certain manner, being reminded of the past and being prepared for anything that might come their way in relation to that past. Basha shook his head. Silly ideas, really. He did not know where these thoughts came from sometimes, but they just popped into his head. Perhaps he had heard too many stories in his lifetime. Basha half-listened to what the Old Man was saying, still thinking of what he had told Nisa and what might happen tonight. 
Basha sat alone in the inn’s common room, surrounded by close to two hundred people who had come to celebrate the Courtship ritual with their family and friends. Eating and drinking as much as they could before the big event started, the townspeople made a fuss, chatting with each other as they reminisced about the past, debated current events in foreign lands, or, closer to home, speculated about the future with this ceremony. He had no one to talk to about his particular predicament tonight.
The Smiling Stallion Inn was the only inn in town, although visitors to Coe Baba were so uncommon, and they did not stay in town for very long, that the Smiling Stallion Inn had to make most of its income from locals patronizing the bar and ordering food, which was getting to be more difficult now that it had to compete with the restaurant, bistro, and pub that had opened up here in town within the last few decades. Still, the Smiling Stallion Inn was well-known among the townspeople here, and it was a mainstay that they did not ignore, especially when the innkeeper and his wife were always friendly, generous, and good for a laugh, even unbeknownst to them.
Standing two stories tall, the front half of the Smiling Stallion Inn was occupied from floor to ceiling with the common room, and the back half was occupied by the guest bedrooms on the upper floor and the living quarters for the innkeeper and his family on ground level, on the other side of the wall beside the bar. Columns bore up the roof and mezzanine of the inn, resembling the tree trunks from which they came, scattered across the room in clumps and alone, like the room was a misplaced forest glade. Oftentimes the eye was drawn up toward the ceiling, expecting a grand canopy, although it was just a common room ceiling of a local inn. Basha still liked it, though.
The animals, the people of the inn, who came to drink at the “spring,” roamed through this misplaced forest glade, with tables and chairs serving as their undergrowth and brush. Occasionally they would scratch their names, initials, or words into the tree trunks. Lovers and drunks who came to the inn year after year would leave an imprint in these trunks that existed long after they had gone. Sometimes a column or two had to be replaced, very delicately, during a lifetime—otherwise the columns would be whittled away to nothing and the roof would collapse—but, still, the tradition continued with the new column.
Except for the furthest corners of the room, the common room tonight had a warm glow, well-lit near its center by candles in sconces and on a metal chandelier hanging from the ceiling. On normal evenings, though, only the rush-lights were lit, with the candles not even ignited at all as the fear that flames might stray onto clothes, hair, or wood was very real, and the room could get very hot with melting wax. However, for tonight, for the Courtship ritual, the whole place was ablaze.
The ritual would start in a short while, although the buildup to this event had started a long time before. It began, in some sense, about a week ago when his father, Geda, had set out the sign-in sheet. “Anybody who is going to participate in the Courtship ritual, get your name down, and we’ll serve you and two other people,” Geda had announced to his customers inside the inn. Uncle Smidge, Morton, and Hermer had been present, for besides being members of Geda’s band and occasionally employed by him, they were also frequent patrons. 
“Why just two?” Uncle Smidge had asked. “Once upon a time, Father allowed participants in the Courtship ritual to add up to four other people to the list.”
“Not now, not anymore,” Geda said. “Now there is not enough space for all of those other people to come inside my common room. People may think this room can expand, like magic, but I cannot allow everybody to come inside.”
“Certainly seems big enough for everyone,” Uncle Smidge muttered. “And it’s not just your common room.”
Basha had glanced back and forth between them as Geda stared at Uncle Smidge and then shook his head. “One must consider the tables, the chairs, the space necessary to eat and get up and walk about. Plus more tables and chairs will have to be cleared out of here at the end of the evening, for storytime and dancing.” Geda shrugged. “Not everybody will get even a chair. We must consider how many people are applying to enter the Courtship ritual, and it could be a high number this year. Two other people are the absolute limit I can allow per participant inside the inn. Baron’s orders, fire hazard.” He added, “Plus, there is no limit to how many people can attend the actual ceremony. There is expected to be a high turnout this year.” 
“I’ll drink to that!” Hermer cried.
“You would know this if…” Geda hesitated and then turned away from his brother. If you had the inn, Basha knew his father was going to say. Smidge was the youngest, and Geda was the oldest, just like Basha was the youngest, and Oaka was the oldest. Oaka would inherit the inn someday, just like their father, while Basha would work under him, just like Uncle Smidge did.
Thus, more people were outside the inn, in the restaurant, bistro, and pub, than were inside the inn this evening, but the most important people of the evening were here. About forty couples, give or take a few single boys and girls, had signed up for the Courtship ritual and were now gathered here, readying themselves to take one of the first steps into their adult lives: marriage, through the engagement proposals that would be made tonight, on the second day of the month Markee, the second day of the season Reda, and the second day of the year 2681 DA. The year marked the two thousandth, six hundredth, and eighty-first year since the time of Doomba’s arrival in what was once the most beautiful and bountiful region in all of the country, the capital region that surrounded Coe Pidaria. Now the capital region was the Wastelands, controlled by Doomba, and Coe Pidaria was out of reach. Of course, the Wastelands were miles away from here, and what had so changed them was but a distant memory now, yet it still reverberated in the hearts and minds of the people who called this country home. Basha knew the story well.

Basha had heard simplistic versions of this story, intended for children, from his schoolteacher and from the Old Man, and he had read more advanced versions of this story, intended for adults, in two separate volumes of The Legends of Arria. Though the frame of the story in every version remained the same, details changed, some of the events were left out, and the writers or storytellers occasionally glossed over some of the more gruesome or questionable acts, omitting what might have really happened, or what the people might have really felt or thought during the course of these events, depending on what you read or heard. Basha occasionally had to imagine the events and fill in the gaps himself. This is what came out of it, uneven though it was.
“Almost three thousand years ago, Corrica was the mightiest island nation in all of the Black Ocean whose inhabitants used triremes, long boats with oars mounted on top of each other on separate decks, to travel to different islands, and conquer them with vast legions of warriors.” The teacher read from his textbook to the children, who tried not to fall asleep. “The ancient Chronicles testify that the island nation of Corrica was destroyed in fire and ash. Only a few of its long ships, filled with men and women, managed to escape the devastation. They endured a long, arduous voyage…”
The ships had cut across the water, farther and farther away from where they had come from and the horrible disaster they had left behind them. They had witnessed the destruction from the water, the plume of smoke and ash rising up into the sky, covering the whole island they had once called home. And from the mountain—which had once been just a mountain, but was now a volcano—fire flowed down in a turgid mass of lava. But the burst of air and heat that had bloomed from the volcano, obliterating half of its crown and sweeping across the island so that even those in the ships had felt it too, had razed the City of Elders, the capital of their empire. Corrica was dead, and they were the last of it. 
They had wept and mourned for days and nights, unable to contain their sorrow and fear as almost everything they had ever known and loved had been destroyed, and they did not know where they were going. Many were sick during this time. Their whole culture had been built upon conquering the other islands that surrounded them, and all that they knew of the world beyond them was these islands and their slaves and vassals. Once the other islands learned of Corrica’s destruction, it was likely that they would turn upon the Corricans in their midst, repaying them in kind, and so they could not dock at these islands. They had to keep going, beyond anything they had ever known, into waters they had never traversed.
Their oars were stilled, their unfurled sails limp and ragged as they stopped at the edge of the world, a wall of mist stretched out before them. They contemplated the gooey fog, slimy tentacles of a sea serpent glossing over the world, reducing everything to mist and light. Where was sky? Where was sea? Where was land? Nothing, but the loss of everything, the misfortune and wrongness of everything. Regret lied in that mist. They tried to go around it, to find a break in the mist, but they could not go very far for they were close to becalmed, and the mist seemed to stretch for miles across the watery plain. They debated, though there seemed to be no alternative, no clear way through the mist to see what lay beyond. Did they want to go beyond? To see that what lay beyond was nothing worthwhile? What if they did go back, and allowed themselves to be subjugated to torture, slavery, and worse punishment for what they and their people had done? Would that be worse or better than what they would find beyond the mist? No, they could not go back, and so they had to keep moving forward in hope of finding something worthwhile beyond.
They went through, oars lapping at the water, floating into sky and cloud, wisps touching them with moisture as fine as spider silk. Not a thing to see in the grayness until finally, after a long time, they emerged on the other side, into a world they had never seen before. They eventually spotted the shore they so desired, one that seemed to stretch for miles beyond the beach into forest, and so they beached themselves in the shallows a short distance away. They disembarked from the ship and strode through the tide onto dry land for the first time in days, praying that the steadiness they began to feel on the sand, which gave away only a little beneath their feet, would last and replace the unsteadiness and disorientation they had felt onboard the ships. The Corricans, the last survivors of a dead empire, treaded onto a new coast and tramped into the forest not far from shore, fearful of what surrounded them and wondering if they would perish here so far from home, until they remembered that home did not exist for them anymore. They could remember everything about their country—what their lives had been like there before this and all the people who had been alive then—but now it was all gone forever. 
They went deep into the dark forest with tall trees, and strange animals that they had never seen before scattered about in front of them. Suddenly, they came upon a village, and there were people much like them—different, of course, but still, people. Slowly, they came to know them, and the other people came to know the Corricans, and gradually they developed a friendship of sorts; not always perfect, but it was an alliance where the Corricans were sheltered by the villagers, and the villagers received assistance from the Corricans. When a warlord and his mob attacked the settlement, the former warriors of the dead empire defended the settlement and repelled the warlord. But the Corricans and their new friends suffered losses. The Corricans learned of the situation in this land, which was not a country like their own had been, united to form an empire of wealth and civility, but a conglomeration of fiefdoms, kingdoms, chiefdoms, and tribes, all dislocated from one another and fighting constantly for survival, a state of endless warfare where the weakest suffered most and nothing could be maintained. In the middle of all this, the Corricans had arrived, and they thought that they might change things, make it better and more stable.
“They rode out across the territory, fighting other bandits, forging new alliances with other settlements, and bonding with the inhabitants of Arria, ‘Earth,’ as it was known in the Old Language of its peoples. A nation rose out of the wilderness that had once separated them all, and over time, the Corricans built cities and provided security to the peoples of Arria, who taught them the ways of magic and provided them with new culture as well. Those that scorned the alliance, believing the Corricans to be oppressors, deserted Arria for other lands, as Arria only took up a quarter of the continent Salarria, ‘Big Earth.’” The teacher continued to read from his textbook. “Some of these dissidents were nomadic and traveled into the Za Desert where they still wander, unable to settle, but the majority spread out to the east and settled new nations with unresolved resentment against Arria. Yet it was the start of the Golden Age, which would last for more than sixty years, with the defenders of the land renowned as Knights of Arria. They obtained and created such relics as the Swords of Arria, powerful weapons in battle, and the goblet known as Tau’s Cup.”
Basha perked up at the mention of Tau’s Cup, for he had been taught to associate it with the god’s power to create humanity. The Knights had been blessed indeed to receive such a gift.
“The Knights also befriended herds of legendary creatures. Unicorns, centaurs, griffins, even dragons respected them,” the schoolteacher said. “However, after many years, they disbanded. According to legend, most Knights disappeared up into the sky, soaring away upon golden chariots to join the Cloud Rulers.” The schoolteacher gestured upward.
“Yet one Knight stayed behind, a young Knight named Corr, and he was the first true king over all of Arria, given charge over their greatest gifts—Tau’s Cup and the Swords of Arria. He chose a valley in the southernmost reaches to build a capital, Coe Pidaria, and the king, along with his queen, Kiki, produced an heir, Marvola.”
Basha knew the story. Time had passed, and Arria prospered. The king grew content with his family. He was old and had forgotten much of what had happened in the past, but he still had nightmares sometimes, of what had happened in Corrica and when they had arrived here. Yet now he had everything he had ever wanted, and nothing could change that.
“But far to the north, a shadow grew,” the schoolteacher said. “And a man, perhaps not even a man, gained power: Doomba. No one knew his true origin—a wizard, a bitter courtier, a forgotten Knight who wanted more power—whatever it was, he started to gain powerful allies in rebellious lords, desolate clans, and kings from other lands. They followed him, and his Servants, a ghastly army of evil creatures, on a march against Coe Pidaria.”
The great city of Coe Pidaria was miles away still, but so widespread and tall, encircled by its wall, that he could see it nonetheless from this distance across the plains. Doomba loathed that sight with all of his heart, or what was left of his heart. Some might say that this was the greatness of Arria, the country whose capital this was, displayed for all to admire and yearn for, the greatness of humanity in its power and its artisanship. He and his army marched across the plains toward that great city that held the might of humanity in its domain. He would destroy that might as his humanity had been destroyed in him. Doomba was a force to be reckoned with, the shadows that surrounded him whispered in his ear, the greatest being that had ever lived. So consumed with power of his own, he was certain that not even the Fay could match him, and certainly not humans, who did not even stand much of a chance. He knew their drives and ambitions, and he could create just like them. He had created most of the monsters that made up his army, so many monsters. Who could create like he could? None matched his powers and prowess.
The king looked down upon the devastation in the fields and towns that surrounded Coe Pidaria. He had sent his child, a full-grown man now, away to find safety elsewhere, but he had stayed behind to protect the Cup. He grasped the last of the Swords. The other Swords were scattered elsewhere. Most of the people had fled the capital, but a few had stayed behind, his most loyal servants and most powerful warriors. They were not like the Knights, though. Doomba was coming, and he was desperate. The king knew that they could not survive this. Coe Pidaria would fall. Unless they did something.
“Doomba arrived at the walls of Coe Pidaria, that much was certain, but his attack was foiled somehow,” the schoolteacher continued. “It was whispered that the people still living inside the besieged city used ancient, long-lost magic to create a shield that no one, especially Doomba, could ever breach. Coe Pidaria was safe, but it was sealed off from the rest of the world. Coe Pidaria, the once great city that had been a symbol of Arria’s might, the power of humanity, and the residence of the Cup that had been given to humanity by the god Tau himself, was gone, lost to the outside world. And no one could touch or see its treasures again,” the teacher said, looking up as Basha followed his gaze.
“It was the beginning of the Dark Age and the end of the Golden Age, as Doomba reigned over the Wastelands that surrounded Coe Pidaria and tried to overtake all of Arria. Yet he did not succeed, and we will go over the tactics that Marvola and his descendants used to defend us to the present time tomorrow,” the teacher said, smiling. “Class dismissed!”
Basha sighed, getting up as the rest of his schoolmates rushed out of the building, looking up at the map pinned to the wall, a map of Arria and the surrounding countries, with the Wastelands right at the bottom and a tiny corner marked ‘Coe Pidaria’ on its edge. Coe Pidaria’s exact whereabouts were not even known, so long ago it had been since the people of Arria had left, and it was rumored that those who had tried to find the lost city never returned, becoming lost themselves in the Wastelands. Doomba had claimed too many lives, Basha thought, even though it was assumed that he had been quelled. But what would quell such a powerful being? 

Basha turned his head, and his eyes widened as he saw Jawen walking into the inn. He had waited for her to come, wanted her to come, but there had been no guarantee that she would come. The last time he had seen her was yesterday morning at her house, and that had not ended well.
“Tau looked down, and then he turned to the others,” the Old Man said, telling the story of how the gods first came together and decided to make humans to the children that had gathered on the inn’s common room floor before their older siblings and cousins got engaged. “‘This, all that we see below us, will be our world to mold and shape. Yet there is something missing, for it is too serene, too peaceful’” the Old Man said in his best imitation of Tau’s voice, but Basha could barely hear him anymore as his heart fluttered inside his chest.
His future had just walked inside the inn, and hopefully it would be glorious. Jawen was looking around as if she might be searching for…She seemed to spot him. Basha stopped breathing. He was seeing Jawen as if for the very first time.
Even at this distance, when she was little more than a face in the crowd, he could see her clearly as if she were standing in front of him. He knew every detail of her body, curvy and shapely underneath her dress. She didn’t need to wear makeup, and she never did. Her auburn hair hung down to just below her shoulders, naturally straight and thick, and when brushed aside would reveal the full form of her face, angular and strong with a pointed chin, thick lips, a large nose, and those eyes…She seemed to be looking at him even now, with either fear or anger in those cold blue eyes. But even now, he could remember having seen such kindness and gentleness in those eyes that he was willing to believe anything that was said by those lips, even if the words were cruel and unkind. 
What he wouldn’t give to receive another kiss from those lips. Meanwhile, Jawen walked a little ways toward him, and Basha sat up a little straighter in his chair as he waited for her to reach him. The Old Man was saying, “So the god Tau, king of the Cloud Rulers, took the Cup from his table.” He grasped a tankard from where he sat, having gone on further into the story.
“Hello, Basha,” Jawen said as she strode across the final distance to stop before him. She wore a silk gown of sky blue with ribbons and flounces tied together on a skirt that cut off at the ankles. It was puffed out by a hoop and petticoats; deep folds rose up to her waist, where her chest slimmed out with just her chemise underneath. But Jawen never revealed too much of her skin, and the high neckline of her dress went up to the ruff around her neck. A bonnet covered her head but could not fully hide her hair. Her sleeves were even longer than typical of the modern-day style, all the way up to her wrists with just a little bit of material trailing down from the back of her hands.
“Imagine that this…” the Old Man continued.
“So, how are you?” Jawen asked Basha, leaning down across the table as she looked sideways at him. Her style was closed, as if nothing could get in underneath her shell, but her behavior was almost atypical for her, as if open, inviting. Her breath smelled of ale, as if she had been drinking even before she came here.
“Good, Jawen, good,” Basha said with a high-pitched squeak in his voice. He tried sound manlier as he cleared his throat. He squirmed, uncomfortable with this seating arrangement, as he felt a little aroused by her already, and he did not know what to do. She was drunk, wasn’t she? Oh, Jawen, why…He could not take advantage of her like this! It would be unfair to her.
“A beautiful gold goblet that has jewels…” the Old Man was saying.
“So, do you still plan to ask for my hand in marriage?” Jawen asked abruptly as she glanced around, still on the lookout for anyone looking askance at them. 
But Basha did not mind, for though it seemed that she still did not want to attract attention to herself, at least she might be more positive to his proposal this time. She was drunk, and he should not take advantage of her, he reminded himself, but still, if she would relax more often, then…He could not consider it.
“This was Tau’s Cup, the most precious thing in all of Salarria, our Big Earth,” the Old Man told the children, oblivious to Basha and Jawen off to the side.
“Yes, Jawen, yes,” Basha said, still squeaking. 
But he frowned to himself, wondering why she even had to ask him if he was still interested in her. Did she doubt him, the sincerity of his intent, the stamina of his devotion, after she had nearly refused him yesterday? Or did she worry that she might have to refuse him and disappoint him at the same time, and she had come to warn him of that possibility? Was she drunk, because she thought that she would have to be reckless to accept what she could not sober? Or was she trying to find the courage to say something that she might come to regret?
“Blood” dribbled down from the Old Man’s hands as he reenacted the part of Tau cutting himself to fill the Cup. The children gasped in awe. But it was just red wine, or maybe some cranberry juice, which had been up inside the Old Man’s sleeves in little vials. Basha had seen this trick before.
“Good, Basha, good.” Jawen imitated his temporary speech impediment and then smiled as she asked, “You still juggle, right?” 
“Tau took the Cup, half-full of his own blood, and went down into the desert to pour out the first humans…”
Basha, confused by her question, said, “Yes, of course, I’m still juggling, though not as much as my brother does now.” He leaned forward, trying to get closer to her, and explained, “See, he’s the one who acts like a fool, while I play the fiddle to accompany him. You just missed our act. Why do you ask?” 
“Za was able to keep Tau’s Cup, in exchange for which he swore to protect the god’s greatest gift…”
“Well, I hope you keep those balls up in the air!” Jawen laughed at her own joke as Basha stared at her, confused again. He did not really like her to be this drunk.
“Za and Wan lived in the desert for many years, bearing many children who went out across the desert, Salarria, and across the sea. They were our ancestors, and their stories are for another day.” The Old Man finished his tale. The children clapped and then the adults, who had not really paid attention during storytime.
Jawen stared at him. “You know, when we were children,” she said.
“Oh, right.” He chuckled a little bit as he remembered what she meant, but it hadn’t been as funny to him then. 
It was embarrassing to him in some ways that when he was young, soon after he had returned home, and soon after Jawen had apologized to him for calling him a balnor, he had wanted to impress her so that she wouldn’t pity him so much, perhaps. He had got it into his head, maybe when he saw his father doing it, that juggling balls was a way to impress a girl. (Had Geda also given him a pep talk? Maybe, but Geda probably had not known then that Jawen was the one girl he wanted to impress.)
The way he tried to keep those balls up in the air, but they had kept tumbling down and slipping out of his hands, dropping onto the ground. And Jawen could only laugh at him, calling him a funny boy whenever she saw him perform. He tried again and again, for days and days, adding more balls to the routine whenever he had first mastered one, and then two, and then three balls at a time. How determined he had been to impress her as he kept practicing, standing out there in the cold and the heat, a few minutes to an hour each day, for two months or more.
After a while, he got tired and stopped trying, but then Jawen, who must have been watching him from afar, came up to him and asked him to try again. He kept going until he had succeeded in his ultimate goal of juggling seven balls at a time. She was impressed. And she applauded him when he had done it, and by then they were ready to be friends.
“Well, I’ll keep trying, if you’ll be there to watch me,” he said now, brought back to the present and the Courtship ritual.
“Thank you, Basha.” She smiled and stood up to walk over to him, kissing him on the cheek before she ran off into the crowd so that no one would see the two of them together; her sky blue dress disappeared. 
Basha, taken aback by her kiss, touched his cheek. He decided that this meant that she wanted him to propose to her. But what would he say to her? And could he say—
“Hello, Basha,” said a familiar voice, and Basha gasped, turning around to face the Old Man. He had never spoken properly to the Old Man before, in conversation, unless you counted those times the Old Man had commanded him and Oaka to be quiet in the middle of storytime as children.
“Oh, hello, sir,” Basha said, clearing his throat as he tried to calm himself down. The Old Man was human, a man, just like him. “Wonderful story, sir, it gets better every time.” 
“Thank you, Basha. May I take a seat?” the Old Man asked. When the young man nodded, he pulled out a chair and sat down next to Basha. “Well, I’m glad you liked it. I like it as well, for imagining what it must have been like. Imagine, standing next to Tau himself, the greatest god of them all, as he poured out the sand, and his own blood, from the Cup to make us. Just as we are.” Basha nodded and then asked, “So you don’t get tired of retelling it all, year after year, the myths and legends?”
The Old Man shook his head and laughed. “No, I don’t, because it changes, in my head,” he said, toothlessly grinning. “Imagine, the most valuable thing in all of Arria, in all of Salarria, Tau’s Cup, right there in the palm of your hand,” he said, holding out his hand like he was presenting the sacred chalice to Basha. “Wouldn’t that be worth more than anything in the world, to hold the Cup that the gods themselves had touched?”
“No. Not really,” Basha said, turning away from the Old Man to stare at Jawen, who was going over to the bar. He had so many wishes of what he wanted that the Cup did not figure into a single one of them right now.
The Old Man nodded and pushed back his chair. “Thank you for letting me take a seat, Basha. I needed time to talk and think. And thank you for complimenting me on my story, even though you have heard it all before.” He rose to his feet.
“Wait!” Basha said, thinking himself rude for having spoken out like that. The Old Man paused, and Basha said, “Thank you for speaking with me, and for telling me your stories, to me and everyone else here. I know you dedicate your life to them, your stories, and I’m sorry if I have been…too distracted, with my own thoughts, or too abrupt, not to listen to your stories as well as in the past. Or not to speak to you more often.”
The Old Man smiled. “Thank you, Basha. That was most thoughtful of you.” Then he glanced around and leaned forward to hoarsely whisper, “And I have to say that it’s not half the story.”
“What?” Basha asked.
“Coe Pidaria, the Knights of Arria…Doomba,” the Old Man said. He shivered and then whispered, “No, it certainly isn’t. It’s not even the beginning.” He then shuffled off, without saying good-bye to Basha. “It was said that when Tichia, god of knowledge and learning, first attempted to write a book on the history of humanity,” the Old Man said to himself, “with all of its foibles, wars, triumphs, and ways of life…he broke his pen, and never attempted it again.”
Chapter Eight: Mixed-Up Mayhem
We are little puppets dancing along so
Merrily; Little puppets with nothing to fret,
Little puppets with nothing to regret, Little
Puppets with nothing to fear!
—Song from puppet act, Arria
Basha shook his head, wondering what the Old Man had meant, when the mayor of Coe Baba called out, “All right, ladies and gentlemen, let’s have the boys line up on one side of the dance floor, and the girls on the other.” Basha turned around, startled that this could be happening so soon. He saw the mayor standing on a chair at the far end of the room, gesturing where the lines should form. He shouted, “We’re about to start the send-off!”
Everybody cheered, and Basha slowly stood up, along with about three dozen other young men scattered across the room, most of them ranging in age from seventeen to twenty-one. He had to inhale to steady himself. The Courtship ritual was about to begin, and for this big step, he had to be ready for what it entailed. It seemed unreal to him still that he could commit himself to getting married, for the rest of his life, to the one person that he loved. But Jawen was worth it; he just had to believe that. (Why had Monika suddenly popped into his head?)
“Go get her, Basha!” Uncle Smidge cried when Basha passed by him. 
The young men crossed over to the space that had been cleared in the middle of the room. They received pats on the backs along the way from friends and family members who cheered them on. Most of these people had gone through the ritual as well, he knew, which was why they were giving as much comfort and aid as they now could.
He had been looking forward to this moment for so long, for most of his life, that he couldn’t stop himself from going forward. But he hadn’t imagined what it would be like to experience it, not really. The nervous raw energy that he felt had to be normal, right? (Why couldn’t he stop thinking about Monika?)
Once he had reached the dance floor, Basha attempted to find Jawen on the girls’ side, but amid the press and scramble of boys doing the same thing, he got lost.
Basha felt someone tap his shoulder. “Excuse me, I think you’re looking for Jawen?” Nisa asked as he turned around.
“Yes, I am, why?”
“I think she went this way,” Nisa said, pointing to his right.
Basha hesitated and glanced to his right as Nisa disappeared back into the crowd. He shook his head and went to the left, wondering if she was trying to mislead him, and wound up in the middle of the boys’ line. Looking across, he found himself staring at Iibala. Basha gaped at her, unable to believe his eyes, and then closed his mouth. Iibala smiled and waved at him, making even those simplest of movements the most seductive of them all. She wore a low-cut violet bodice, almost black, which exposed her shoulders and chest almost all the way down to the top of her breasts. Her red hair, naturally thin and curly, was teased into ringlets that hung far below her shoulders and obscured her round face, which was covered in powder and rouge with a little lip color.
The mayor had been talking about something as the people clapped and cheered, but Basha hadn’t been paying any attention to them. He looked away from Iibala, telling himself that she wasn’t really interested in him, not after all of these years he had spent ignoring her and she had spent ignoring him. And he was attracted to Jawen, and no one else, when Iibala was just a mistake he had made in the past, when he was young and foolish, or so he kept telling himself then, standing across from Iibala on the dance floor with thoughts of Monika creeping in the back of his mind. He could not forget what had happened yesterday afternoon on his way to the militia tryouts, and how Iibala might have saved him.
It seemed as if Nisa had been trying to point him in the right direction, but he had not believed her. He should have believed her; why had he not trusted her? At that point, the boys and girls started moving forward, and Basha followed, receiving a small cupful of tealatte, courteously provided for by the town council—a mixture of tea, coffee, and some extra ingredients. Drinking the brew in one gulp, he tried to settle his mind. He didn’t need to worry about Iibala, or Nisa, or Monika even—he just needed to focus on proposing to Jawen. But such a thing wasn’t possible with tealatte, the drink being a stimulant that excited the nerves and senses. It was an aphrodisiac in the purest sense of the word, not intended for conventional use but meant only for this night, this occasion that had everyone excited.
The band had formed up near the bar, Geda, Smidge, and their friends taking up their instruments again. The musicians started to play, and Basha and the others whooped for joy as they felt the effects of the drink on their body, and they rushed back out onto the dance floor, forming their straight lines again at opposite ends of the dance floor. The young men came strutting forward with one leg extended outward before the next leg was swung over, and on and on again with their upright chests swelled out and shoulders swinging. Basha awkwardly attempted this move, trying to remember which leg came first and when to swing the other one over as he stiffly rotated his shoulders in the appropriate manner.
The young women then sashayed forward, hips swaying with the movement of their feet curving out from underneath their dresses, and then they paused, every now and again, to clap their hands along with the music, smiling as they reverberated still while halting. The short sleeves of Iibala’s bodice ended at the elbows of her thick arms, while her skirt was red and cut off at the knees, a style that was so alluring, it was definitely almost too much for Basha to handle right now, especially when she shook her hips. Iibala seemed to get more swing out of her hips, and breasts, than should be possible. The pause with her seemed to last much longer, as she had more to shake. The two-piece dress that she wore was made of such flimsy material that one could almost see right through it. 
Basha had to look away. The stirring music, drawn out and romantic, provoked them onward. Flutes whistled in a winding, curvy way, the drums pounded out a slow and steady beat, and the fiddlestick coursed across the strings, with a finger occasionally pricking at them in high, sporadic pitches. The music got louder as the dance went on across the floor, and then the boys and girls faced one another in the middle of the room with a full stop of the music.
Not one person moved or breathed. They stood one inch apart from one another. Basha and Iibala were forced to look deep into each other’s eyes.
“Hello there,” Iibala whispered. Then the music started up again, a long, strong minute of pounding drums and whistling flutes, as the boys and girls whirled about on either side of one another, their lines dissolving into chaos for a moment before they reformed on opposite sides. The girls and the boys had switched places. Basha was panting heavily by the time the music ended. 
Iibala whispered, “You dance divinely, Basha, like an elk!” as they faced one another again. Basha didn’t know whether to take that as an insult or as a compliment.
A new song started, and the people clapped and stomped their feet, cheering as it was a carousing tune that you could drink beer to and dance the night away with. “To the maid who danced on the sun, to Welda of the loving heart, we ask that in our lives, you would take part, and make us all into one,” a woman sang as she stood up in front of the band.
The first dancers started to stomp and kick their way down the aisle in a jig, and Basha was shocked to discover that it was Hastin and Jawen. How did that happen? How did…He could not believe this.
***
“Are you seeing what I’m seeing?” Habala asked her husband, pointing to the dance floor.
Geda shook his head as he came over to her. “I am seeing it, but I don’t believe it,” he said, gesturing back to the band. “You have got to let me play. I am needed. Welda’s song requires a very experienced fiddle player, and—”
“Hastin is dancing with Jawen, and Basha is dancing with Sir Nickleby’s daughter,” Habala said, pacing. “Oaka is dancing with Sisila at least, that’s good, but Geda, what is happening?” she cried. “And don’t you complain at me!” she yelled at him. “You have no right to complain to me when you are needed here.” Habala pointed out, “You are the father of Basha, just as much as you are the father of Oaka, and can’t you see that something is terribly wrong here?” 
“I am not. I had to give my instrument to Morton, so I could come over here and speak to you when you were waving at me from halfway across the room. It is very annoying!” 
“At least your priorities are straight,” Habala remarked.
“Do you want me to fix it? Because I can’t fix it!” Geda said. “I can’t go out there and take care of this problem by ripping these children apart”—he gestured—“and putting them back together again with the right partners. That’s not the way these things work out.” Geda sighed. “Much as we would wish them to. It’s like they are puppets,” he said half to himself. “Puppets that are moving around floppily, not even being controlled, but uncontrolled.” He looked toward the dancers. 
“What are you saying?” Habala asked, staring at him.
“Morton doesn’t even know what in the name of Loqwa he is doing!” Geda said, changing the subject as he frowned, looking up toward the stage where Morton was playing alongside of Hermer and Smidge. “And he keeps muttering and crying about that Nisa girl running off after some other man and burning him in the process, a very strange young woman.”
“Forget about Morton, tell me about the puppets,” Habala said.
“Marionettes with their strings dangling down, all of their limbs loose and lopsided,” Geda said, trying to explain. “They’re just shambling about, without anyone controlling them, and they’re not able to control themselves.” He cleared his throat as he saw his wife’s stunned expression.
Habala shook her head. “Geda, you’re not making any sense right now.”
“No, of course not,” Geda said, sighing as he looked back out at the dance floor. “It’s just the way things work, especially when you’re growing up,” he muttered to himself.
“Hastin did this somehow,” Habala said. “After what happened the other day…Do you remember what happened the last time Basha got mixed up with Iibala?” 
Geda nodded. “Of course I do; it was a disaster. Almost as bad as the times that Basha has spent with Jawen.”
“Geda!”
“Look, Habala, Iibala laughed at him and called him a boy, not a man, and granted, she broke his heart with what she did, but is that not better than dragging this out?”
“Geda, Iibala did not love him. Never did. And whatever is the matter between Basha and Jawen now, I am sure that they are in love with each other. Basha has never been as miserable with Jawen as he was with Iibala; the only time that Basha is ever miserable is when he is out of her arms. Think on that, my dear.” 
Geda grumbled to himself and then said, “The children will be leaving soon, going out to Lovers’ Rock, and then we’ll be stuck here, cleaning up the mess with the serving girls.”
“We’re always missing everything, aren’t we?” Habala asked. “First the militia tryouts, and now…We never get the chance to see anything, only to hear about it afterward.” 
“They exaggerate things, you know that,” Geda said, suddenly thinking about the militia tryouts, before he added, “We have to take care of the inn, fact of life.” Geda shrugged. “We can’t neglect it; we have duties to take care of. I am a professional innkeeper, you are my wife, and I have to go play my fiddle now, or else I will be neglecting my duties to the band. I can’t let Morton ruin my instrument anymore. Breaking the strings, staining the wood with his tears, weeping and crying loudly enough to ruin the song,” he said, turning away to watch Morton not-so-gently weeping on Geda’s fiddle as Hermer, Smidge, and the rest of the crowd snickered.
“Geda, wait.” Habala hesitated as her husband stopped. “I am sorry if I said anything unkind to you about you and Basha…”
“Forget it, Habala, you are probably right. I probably forget my duties to my sons, especially to Basha, in the face of all this sometimes, and yet they are growing up,” he said. “They need to learn to be on their own, and to control themselves.”
Habala sighed. “I suppose you are right about that, Geda,” she said as he left.
Soon afterward, when all of the others had gone and they were left alone with just the serving girls to help clean up, Geda and Habala took a moment to walk out, hand in hand, onto the empty dance floor and sway together with their arms wrapped around each other, the only music inside their heads as Geda absent-mindedly hummed to himself. She remembered a dream that she had, not that long ago, about Geda and Kala dancing together on the inn’s common room floor, but that had been a dream, nothing more. She burned sometimes, thinking things like that. She and Geda were not exactly the most ideal married couple in the world, but she hoped that things would remain the same between them, just as they had been when they had first fallen in love.
***
Basha watched, as Hastin and Jawen showed off their moves together like they were already married. Hastin stomped heavily and Jawen kicked haphazardly, like she didn’t know what she was doing, but she smiled and waved at everybody she passed by when she wasn’t holding hands with Hastin.
“The Cloud Rulers knew of her glee, and how it was no mask,” the woman sang. The drummer smacked his stick against a cymbal, which caused the singer to laugh as he clanged and clashed. “So they gave Welda the task that brings us to our plea,” the singer continued.
When they passed by him, Basha thought that he might reach out and pull Hastin away from Jawen and dance the rest of the way down the aisle with Jawen. He’d tell her that he did not mean to be with Iibala, if that was the reason why she was with Hastin. But Basha knew that Hastin outweighed him and that it would be a fight, which he might be beaten in, and the Courtship ritual would be ruined for everyone else. 
The band stopped playing for a minute to sing along with the woman. “We call out now to the sky, on this newborn night above…” And everyone else joined in, “To Welda, the goddess dove, that you would give us no lie this night, and lead these souls to love!”
All of these dancing couples would have been affected by his efforts to reach Jawen; he would have plowed right through them, the happiest moments of their young lives. And everyone would have hated him, and Jawen, as a consequence for this. Everyone had come here to enjoy themselves tonight and celebrate their love for one other, not to get involved in some fight. It was his problem, and he did not want to be known as the balnor who had ruined everyone’s night.
So he let them pass but still fumed to himself as he went on down to the head of the boys’ line. Basha clapped listlessly along with the rest of the party as another pair partnered up at the head of the lines to march and caper down the aisle. Basha was still thinking about Hastin and Jawen being together. He wondered if it could have been intentional, either on the part of Hastin, or Jawen, or both? Was this a sign of things to come? He was almost afraid to think about Hastin asking for Jawen tonight, and that she might very well say yes to Hastin instead of to him. It was very possible that she might, if she had forgiven and fallen in love with Hastin, and possibly she was angry with Basha. It was almost too possible.  He didn’t know a way out of it, unless he got the chance to ask Jawen to marry him before Hastin did.
But would that even work? Would she even say yes to him? Basha was thinking back to when Jawen had told him to keep juggling, to keep trying like he did when they were younger, but that wasn’t a yes to his proposal yet; it wasn’t a guarantee. That was a promise that she might say yes if he tried.
But there was so much going against them now that he wasn’t even sure that he should try. Maybe he should…Basha looked up as Iibala stepped forward to take his hands. They were at the head of the line now. He numbly went down the aisle with her, stomping his feet every now and again as Iibala kicked her legs like there was no tomorrow, but he didn’t feel like anything. He didn’t feel right about this at all. 
Gods be praised, what was he doing here? He looked up once to see Jawen smiling at him as he passed her, clapping her hands right alongside Sisila, but it didn’t look right to him at all. Why didn’t it look right? Welda would weep, he thought; Welda would weep as he stared at Iibala. At the end, he parted from Iibala without saying anything to her and went back to the boys’ line without looking at her. He didn’t want to do it, but he had to; dancing with Iibala was the only way he could continue forward in the Courtship ritual. By the time Oaka went down the aisle with Sisila at the end of the dance, Basha felt tired of the whole affair and hoped that it would be remedied by what was to come on Lovers’ Rock, the last part of the Courtship ritual, and the most important part.
The mayor dismissed everyone, and the boys ran out of the inn, dancing and leaping for joy as the taste of tealatte and the spectacle of the dance with their beloved girls lingered on in their heads. They went out onto the main road of Coe Baba in the middle of the night, in the darkness of the boulevard where hardly any light shone through the windows of the buildings that lined the way, but it was not a deterrent to these young men buoyed up by love. They laughed and sang with one another, enjoying themselves as they headed toward the northern outskirts of town. Basha wandered along with them, but he paused every now and again to look around at the buildings on the main street. Coe Baba was his hometown, the place where he had grown up, and he could not imagine it being any more different from what it was in the daytime than it was at night. 
For in the daylight, you could see the buildings, the houses and shops, most clapboard siding on wood frames, or else a few half-timbered with mortar and stone, but you overlooked them, passed them with just a glance. Having lived here for so many years, the townspeople like Basha saw these buildings as just a part of the landscape, indomitable and indestructible, unchanging with the tide of years. The buildings remained, even as the people inside them were borne and died, and it seemed to the townspeople that Coe Baba would last forever, as it had for thousands of years, even before the Knights came to Arria.
Yet in the dark, you could see the true form of this town if you looked hard enough. Basha could see how huddled tightly together the poor buildings were, shielding themselves from the outside world and the darkness. Yet Basha was not afraid of the dark, nor was he afraid of the fragility of his hometown, when he could see how the buildings depended upon each other for support during the night. If they could be so close—the people, not just the buildings—then they could withstand anything. He liked to look at the town at night to remind himself of how different it all was from the daytime, and how it could change into something unrecognizable, something beyond the norm of everyday life.
Basha looked up at the rooflines of the buildings, steep and pitched in several places that towered above him as he went along, and he heard people sing. “Penniless miller, come singing on the road.” The boys strode along, whistling. “The lovely maiden passes by with a hope.” The girls flounced their dresses right by the boys. “Blow her a kiss, and dance away from haven.’” They all sang together, the boys and girls blowing kisses at one another before they danced off together. 
He stopped a moment, remembering how hopeful he had been yesterday morning when he had sang that song on his way to Jawen’s house. Yet he felt sick as his hopes had been dashed, and now as he turned around, with several other people pushing past him, he found himself staring at Iibala, who was just standing there on the main road of Coe Baba, waiting to talk to him like she had been yesterday afternoon.
“Basha, you know you don’t belong here,” Iibala said, approaching him, “with Jawen, but you do belong with me—here or anywhere else in the world.” 
Without giving Basha a chance to speak, she took him aside, wrapping a red scarf around his neck. She led him down the side of a building into an alleyway, where they couldn’t be seen from the street. He knew that she was up to something and tried to loosen the scarf around his neck. She turned around to face him. “We’re two very different people, Basha,” she said. “Different from anybody else here in Coe Baba.” She removed his hands from his neck. “Our families come from far away, another place, where we would have had a different upbringing if we had been raised there.” 
“Let go of me,” he said.
“Listen to me, Basha.” She grimaced as he tugged his hands out of her grip. “Our families are still out there. We don’t belong here when our families were not born and bred in Coe Baba,” she said, pointing out into the distance. “I know my family comes from Coe Dobila, at least on my mother’s side, and although I still have relatives there, my father won’t allow me to go see them, but you…Basha, haven’t you ever wondered who your family was?” 
“I have wondered who my birth family was,” he told her. “But I was raised here in Coe Baba, the same as anybody else, with a family of my own. I belong here,” he insisted, though he doubted his own words.
“Basha, you know that’s not true.” Iibala smiled at him sadly and shook her head. She pressed herself against him. “You belong in a better place, as do I, far away from here, where we won’t ever have to worry about what people think of us.”
Basha pushed himself away from her. “You don’t know that.” 
“I do know that. I know who you are,” Iibala said, meeting his almost belligerent glare with a smoldering look. “I can sense it, deep down within your soul. The darkness, and the destruction, just the same as it is with me.” 
Basha was stiff. “What are you talking about?” he asked, frowning even further. “Is this about what happened yesterday afternoon? Because that attack was just a coincidence; it hardly ever happens,” he said, thinking of the crows. 
“Basha, it’s different with you, is it not?” she asked, studying him for a minute. “You have another level hidden within you, one that lies far below the surface of what even I can reach.” She wrapped her arms around him. “You have death hidden within you, nothingness.” 
“That is crazy!” Basha said, pulling away from her embrace. He was a little freaked out by what she had to say, but he assured himself that it was nothing. 
“Basha, you are…You are…” Iibala tried to say, but it was like she could not get the words out.
“You are wrong, Iibala.” He sighed and said, “You have no clue who I am. Or what’s inside of me. I have no depth, no darkness, no death inside of me. I just have love in my heart, for Jawen, and you can’t divert that love, not by appealing to me in such a manner.” He shuddered, deeply disturbed by this episode and Iibala’s inexplicable interest in him. He wondered if she had anything else to say to him.
“Basha, I am only trying to help you.” 
He felt the scarf rub against his neck, causing an itch. “Help me? How can you help me? Help me with what? I’m just a young man in love with Jawen,” he said. “And you…I may not have a birth family, but I know myself, and I belong here in Coe Baba, with Jawen. Nowhere else, and with nobody else,” he said, nodding, firm in his belief when it felt right above everything else. He was in love with Jawen.
Iibala gazed at him, hurt and anger still in her eyes. “Why do you doubt me?”
 “I doubt you because you’ve hurt me in the past! I’m sorry, Iibala, but I don’t love you. Not like I love Jawen. She is the one who keeps me going, who keeps me fighting for something more in my life, and she is the one who I was meant to be with. Not you,” he said.
Iibala growled and muttered “I hate you” to Basha before she stormed out of the alleyway and down the street toward the eastern outskirts of town where she lived with her father. He regretted what he had said to Iibala only in the way that he had said it, not in the way that he felt.
If there had been some other way to let her down gently but firmly enough that she would not have pursued him anymore…well, he would have taken it, but the circumstances were just out of his control. He couldn’t handle such strangeness from a woman like her. She seemed so formidable, especially after what happened yesterday afternoon. He hoped that Iibala might someday find the right man for her, as he had found the right woman for him, but he doubted it when she kept flirting with everyone else. She was supposed to settle down, wasn’t she? 
And now this strange behavior; what was wrong with her? She was acting like Sitha, goddess of mysteries, offering him nothing but strange hints and riddles, and…He shook his head, deciding that he would ignore whatever she had just said about death. He waited another minute before leaving the alleyway. He was ashamed of himself for getting cornered by Iibala when he was on his way to propose to Jawen. He felt self-conscious as he looked around to make sure that no one had seen him with Iibala. Now he knew how Jawen felt, a little bit, when she kept looking around for her father. He felt the scarf around his neck then and quickly tugged it off, knowing that he couldn’t be seen with it. He threw the scarf onto the ground, and stomped on it for good measure, as the red blended in with the dirt in the darkness. He hurried along to catch up with the rest of the boys on their way to Lovers’ Rock.

Chapter Nine: A Woman’s Dilemma
What choice do we have in the matter?
I believe we have many options and choices
Available to us, but whether we take advantage
Of any of them is another story altogether.
--A woman’s protest, Kiwata

“I just embarrassed myself in front of Basha, again,” Jawen said to Sisila, wobbling up to the bar and speaking in a loud voice to be heard over the crowd, their voices pounding away inside her head. She was a little nervous about what was going to happen this evening, but she had tried to reassure herself and Basha by flirting with him while the Old Man told some story. 
But then she had just seemed to confuse him even more, and she had not promised him anything. She left, confused, flustered, and frustrated with herself, as well as with him. 
Sisila, sitting on the barstool with her feet dangling below the width of her skirt, sipped a cup of ale before she turned to face Jawen. “Why? What happened?” Sisila asked as she removed the drink from her mouth and hiccupped.
“Uh, never mind, I don’t want to talk about it,” Jawen said, glancing away from the frothy moustache on her best friend’s face toward the vague shapes in the distance. It was a wonder she had even found Sisila; her vision was a little blurred. Sisila had already drunk enough, and Jawen felt a bit tipsy as well, having gone over to the pub for a drink before coming here, so she decided that she would not share her concerns with her friend. There had been not enough time to cope, not enough time to think about everything that would be impacted by this decision, the rest of her life as well as Basha’s. Her thoughts were still scattered, her feelings conflicted, to say the least. She was drunk right now, she had to admit that, but that was nothing compared to how she felt in real life. She had not seen Basha since he had left her house yesterday, unable to get away from her father or the rest of her family, and the one chance, the only chance that she might have gotten to see him alone, had vanished.
“Where have you been anyway?” Sisila persisted in saying, slurring her words. “You missed a brilliant fight yesterday afternoon at the militia tryouts, and oh, you should have been there to see—” 
“What? What were the highlights?” Jawen asked, turning to Sisila. Distracted by her own worries (and drunk), she wasn’t even looking straight at Sisila, but rather cross-eyed.
“No, you wouldn’t believe me, and anyway, you still haven’t answered my question,” Sisila slurred. “Where were you yesterday? You should have been there!” she cried, wrapping her arm around Jawen as she leaned forward. “It was bone-chilling. It was fantastic. You missed so much,” she said. She sounded so dramatic that Jawen wanted to laugh.
Sisila was dressed in a gown similar to Jawen’s in terms of silk and ribbons, but Sisila wore light green, and her gown was shorter than Jawen’s, knee-length instead of ankle-length, and her neckline showed more neck versus Jawen’s high-ruff collar. Her sleeves were shorter as well, elbow-length instead of wrist length, with a little bit trailing off at the edges. Sisila was different from Jawen, yet the two of them had been such good friends for so many years that Jawen couldn’t bear to think of them as being apart in any way.
“I wanted to be there—you know how much I wanted to be there.” Jawen inhaled deeply, to steady herself so that she would not laugh, “to see Basha fight,” she said, unable to believe that she had gotten the words out. “But I couldn’t go out. I couldn’t go see him, because…Well, I got into a fight with my little sister Annalise yesterday morning.” 
“Annalise? What did Annalise do this time?” Sisila asked.
“It wasn’t just what she did; it was what I did too,” Jawen said, sobering up a bit. “We got into an argument yesterday morning after I poured sugar all over her at breakfast. And then Father yelled at us all to calm down, and then he shouted at us that since everybody was so excited, and we couldn’t stand any more excitement, we wouldn’t go out to the militia tryouts. We tried to plead with him, all of us, but he wouldn’t allow it; he just told us all to go to our rooms.”
“That was mean of him,” Sisila said, frowning. “Was the sugar spill an accident, or did you do it on purpose?” 
“You know me too well. On purpose,” Jawen added, sighing. “You have no idea what Annalise did to me that morning before breakfast, all right?” She told Sisila the whole story about Basha’s visit.
Halfway through, when Jawen got to the part of Annalise in the hallway, Sisila sighed, lifting her head from the bar. “So that’s what Annalise did, right?” she asked.
Jawen nodded and grimaced as she drank some more ale. She shouldn’t have ordered it, but she needed a good drink. “That’s what Annalise did all right. And I was just so mad at her afterward that I lost my head for a minute there.” She shook her head. “My father already suspected too much, and I couldn’t be seen with Basha just yet.” She then asked, “What is the matter with you, Sisila?”
“What is the matter with me? What is the matter with you?” Sisila repeated.
“It’s just you seem so strange tonight, Sisila.”
“You have got a short temper, haven’t you, Jawen?” Sisila asked. “You’ve got a big problem, and you don’t even know it.” Sisila gulped more ale. “You don’t know what you are doing to Basha, and you don’t know just how dangerous this all is.” 
“I don’t know what you are talking about. I haven’t treated Basha any differently than I have done before, and what I’m doing to Basha? What about what he’s doing to me?” she said. “What about all of the grief and trouble that I’m putting up with, that he’s putting me through, just because I love him and he loves me?” Jawen said, tearing up.
“I don’t know. I don’t know if I should tell you, if it was just a fluke, or if it was just a trick of my eyes. Some kind of trick that Iibala was playing,” Sisila was saying.
“I don’t think I have a short temper, not like some,” Jawen was saying. “I just have a way of avoiding things, I suppose.” She frowned to herself, wondering if that was her problem as she took another drink. “What was that thing with Iibala?” she asked, remembering what Sisila had just said.
“She’s not listening to me; she’s not listening to me,” Sisila said, banging her head back down onto the counter again. She hiccupped. “So anyway, are you going to accept Basha tonight? I have to know,” Sisila insisted.
“Why are you asking me that right now?” Jawen asked. “Why can’t you just wait?”
“I just think you are making a big mistake if you let yourself get too distracted and not go after him.”
“What’s going on with you two?” a voice asked, and the two of them turned around to face Iibala, who had once been their friend but now was their hated rival, the woman that all the girls in town feared or avoided.
“Nothing is going on with us,” Sisila said, glaring at Iibala.
“It’s just that you two seem to be getting pretty excited over something.”
“Nothing is the matter with us,” Sisila insisted. “We’re just excited about what is going to happen tonight, that’s all.” 
“Uh-huh. Well, I’m pretty excited too,” Iibala said, smiling. “There’s a young man out there who I hope will ask for me tonight, and—”
“That’s good. Well, I hope you get him, and leave us alone,” Jawen said. She hoped she had not spilled ale on her dress.
Iibala smiled even wider at her. “Thank you, I will,” she said before she sauntered off, humming to herself as she went into the crowd with several men, young and old, looking after her as she passed by.
“No! Jawen, no!” Sisila cried, burying her head into her hands.
“What happened?” Jawen asked. “What’s the matter, Sisila? I thought—”
“Basha! Iibala wants Basha to ask for her!” Sisila said, her head still buried.
“What? But Basha, he wouldn’t ask for her; he couldn’t.”
“He would if you didn’t love him.” Sisila raised her head.
“All right, ladies and gentlemen, let’s have the boys line up on one side of the dance floor, and the girls on the other,” the mayor called out in the distance.
“I hate the way you two dodge around each other when you should straight-out tell your feelings to one another,” Sisila was still saying.
“We’re about to start the send-off!” the mayor called.
Sisila and Jawen turned around to face him. “Let’s go claim our men,” Sisila said, managing to get off of her barstool, though she wobbled quite a bit as she walked out to the dance floor.
Jawen was still reeling from the news that Basha might ask for Iibala’s hand in marriage, or that Iibala lusted after Basha, or that Iibala…She couldn’t quite understand what was happening. Would Basha ask for Iibala, instead of for her?
Jawen caught up with Sisila. “Why would he ask for her? What did you see?” 
“Basha was walking to the militia tryouts,” Sisila said. “Iibala was coming down from the opposite direction, heading toward town. I don’t know why she didn’t want to go to the militia tryouts, but she met Basha in the middle of the road, by some hedgerows on the edge of the fields. Iibala seemed to be talking to Basha, but he was trying to dodge her, or so it seemed, yet he was still talking to her, friendly enough.” 
Jawen shook her head, stunned by all of this. She tried to reassure herself that it wasn’t true. Maybe Iibala didn’t have a great claim on Basha. Maybe Iibala was just trying to make all of this bigger than it really was. 
But she couldn’t take that chance. She just couldn’t, not when Basha might be hanging on by a thread to his devotion for her, now that Iibala was involved.
“And they were alone together only a few minutes,” Sisila said, as if she couldn’t stop talking. “I didn’t see much happening, and I couldn’t hear them, either. I was too far away. I was actually trying to get away,” Sisila said, like she was trying to come up with excuses. “I wasn’t too keen on seeing them together, actually, but…Anyway, they eventually parted, going their separate ways. I’m sorry,” she said to Jawen, running off to join the rest of the girls without giving Jawen the chance to ask her more.
Iibala had come over to boast that she was going to snag Basha away from Jawen; Jawen knew it. Iibala had that sort of attitude. Iibala knew that Jawen was in love with Basha, and vice versa, and she would do anything to break up that relationship—anything—if it meant Jawen would be humiliated. Jawen hated Iibala, and Iibala hated Jawen. It was just a game to Iibala, toying with Jawen, getting Basha to propose to her, because it meant the world to Jawen. She loved him, didn’t she? Jawen couldn’t think straight. She went to the dance floor, and when she spotted Basha, she ran in the opposite direction. She still didn’t trust him, and the thought of him kissing Iibala, or worse, made her want to avoid him. Which was probably not the best thing to do at the moment, as she wound up at the head of the girls’ line, and right across from her was Hastin. Her heart sank. Her father had told her earlier that he would let her go to the Courtship ritual on one condition: if Hastin asked for her, she would accept him. She promised her father that she would do so, just to get the chance to go, but she hated her father for it. 
She hoped that Hastin still felt slighted by her refusal of him a few months ago so that she wouldn’t have to break her promise to her father.
“Thank you, everyone, for coming!” the mayor was saying. “We are honored to have you here to witness a new start in the lives of these young people. Many of you were once in their place, and many of you will soon be in their place, to choose the one person you love most to be with you for the rest of your lives!” he said to applause. “We are honored. We, the people of Coe Baba and of Arria, wish to honor Welda, goddess of love, with this Courtship ritual held on her feast day, as it has been for over two thousand years before us, and hopefully for two thousand more years to come!” 
Jawen shuddered. She hated the thought of how enormous this whole ceremony was. It seemed to devour a whole life in its jaw of ritual, spitting out all the acts of defiance and living, making them seem almost meaningless in comparison to the great Courtship ritual itself. She had heard this speech and seen the Courtship ritual, many times before as a small girl, but now she knew just how small it could make you really feel. This was the culmination of a lifetime? Of a thousand-thousand lifetimes? The Rock, and all of the dancing around that preceded it?
The Courtship ritual towered above everyone else who had ever participated in it, for doing the same things that everybody else did meant that you were just the same as everyone else in the end. She hated that thought. She was shrinking to fit in with the foundations of the act, to become a part of something larger and older than herself. But as she conformed to the rules, she was experienced enough to know that this wasn’t all that she wanted out of life. Yet she wanted Basha, and now he was right across the aisle from Iibala, staring at her without even a care. This was love? This was the Courtship ritual?
At least the Courtship ritual was something that lasted, in spite of the whims of the human heart, Jawen thought as she was called forward to drink tealatte along with the rest of the young adults. But Jawen wasn’t so sure that the ritual should last, that it should continue as a tradition. Jawen scoffed and huffed, embarrassed that Basha could be so bedazzled by another woman’s appearance that he would forget all about her. She was worried that it might be true, that Basha could be taken in by Iibala, and ask for her instead of Jawen. If only there was some way she could rearrange circumstances to get into Iibala’s place instead …Suddenly, Jawen had a marvelous idea. She could look like she was enjoying herself with Hastin and make Basha feel jealous. Maybe she might even make Basha want her more; maybe he would snatch her away from Hastin. Then Basha wouldn’t pay so much attention to Iibala! And then he would certainly ask for her at Lovers’ Rock! 
It was risky, she had to admit, but still marvelous in her own mind. She felt rejuvenated and ready for anything, even after drinking all of that sour, depressing ale earlier. Tealatte was expensive, she knew; her father had arranged for the purchase and transportation of the ingredients, originating in the Kiwata rainforests, which made this drink. But tealatte was worth it, for everyone needed their energy to dance and propose, and she needed energy for her plan as well, which had its origin in tealatte, and maybe in ale as well. 
Her mind overexcited by the possibilities, she thought that it would work. But she would have to do this right, and not tempt Hastin into asking for her hand at the Rock. She would just have to tell him afterward that it had just been a game. Hopefully he would not need any more discouragement than that. And hopefully he would not be too angry with her.
So Jawen played along with this game she had contrived, dancing with Hastin like she enjoyed it, and then afterward, as they parted at the end of the aisle, Hastin said, “Jawen, I had no idea!”
“This doesn’t mean anything!” she yelled at him over the crowd, clapping and cheering with the music playing. “It’s just a…” Then she quickly had to go back over to the girls’ line to make way for another dancing couple, although she didn’t know if he had heard her right.
She wound up standing beside Sisila, who yelled at her, “What were you doing with Hastin?”
“It’s nothing!” Jawen shouted at her. “It’s just a game I’m playing with him, for Basha!”
“Jawen, you…” Sisila groaned. “Stay away from my brother!” she shouted. “Not even Hastin deserves this!” She inhaled. “Now, you’re going about this the wrong way. I always told myself not to interfere with you and Basha, Jawen, same as you have not interfered with me and Oaka, but you have made it more difficult for yourself. You should have tried talking with Basha, or at least keeping yourself between him and Iibala.”
“That plan wouldn’t have worked!” Jawen shouted. “There is no way I could have talked to Basha in this mess! And besides, Iibala would have just pushed me out of the way if I tried to take her place! Have you seen her arms? How thick they are? I couldn’t get involved in a fight with her. I swear, her father must train her, or something.”
“No more,” Sisila said, shaking her head and holding a hand up. “What is the matter with you, Jawen? You give me a headache! Why can’t you be normal and sensible for once? I was trying to tell you to stick with Basha, and you do the exact opposite of what I said, instead making him even more jealous! Don’t you care for him? Don’t you see what you are doing to him? Why must you use trickery and subterfuge to make him love you when he loves you already! I think,” she added.
“Sisila, I…” Jawen gasped. “I have never heard you say…” She frowned and shook her head. “I’m fine, I’m normal, nothing is the matter with me right now. You were the one who kept telling me about Basha and Iibala together, and I can’t stand to see Basha and Iibala together.”
“But it doesn’t sound like that, you…I don’t understand you!” Sisila exclaimed.
“Look, what is it that you don’t understand; what is it that you want me to explain?” Jawen asked her.
“Why were you afraid of him?” Sisila asked. 
“Of Basha?” Jawen asked.
Sisila nodded. “That is the first thing I want to ask. Earlier you said that when you were on the front porch with him, he reminded you of a young god.”
“Well, he did remind me of one of the gods, like Tau or Popo when they were young and powerful and walked the earth. And he’s so devoted to me that it’s almost scary. He wants something and he won’t give up on it, like me. And I’m also afraid that, after a while, once he gets to know me better, he might realize that he doesn’t love me enough. He puts me on a pedestal, and I’m afraid that, once the shine wears off, he won’t be so happy and devoted to what’s left. The real me. And that’s scary.” Jawen sighed. “And maybe I won’t be so happy with him either, in the end.” Sisila stared at her, distraught by what Jawen had just said. Jawen could not even look at her. Instead, she looked away and said, “Here comes Basha, with Iibala. Smile, Sisila, and clap your hands—make it look like we’re happy.”
The two girls clapped and cheered, as a bewildered Basha went down the aisle in front of them, stomping erratically. After he had passed them, Jawen and Sisila stopped clapping and cheering, smiles fading as they lowered their hands and glanced down the aisle. They saw Basha part from Iibala before they glanced at each other.
“Did you see that? Did you see how unhappy he was?” Jawen laughed. “There is hope. He still loves me; he still wants me!” She clapped her hands in a contained cheer.
“That’s good, Jawen, but are you still interested in marrying him?”
“Well, I…” Jawen hesitated. She wondered if it was possible that she was ready. Or maybe she had to claim him now, now that other young women, like Iibala, were becoming interested in him. There were a million reasons why she didn’t want to, or couldn’t, but finally, she said, “I do want to marry him, but—”
“Then why did you say it was too soon earlier, Jawen?” 
“Well, I just assumed that since we started dating—or seeing each other, really—only last Suma, and we haven’t gotten very far…” She hesitated again. “I just don’t think now is the perfect time for us to get married.” 
“Why haven’t you dated?” Sisila asked after a minute. “You and Basha haven’t ever gone out on a date.”
“Well, you know, we have been seeing each other, but not officially,” Jawen said. “I still haven’t told my parents that Basha is courting me. It’s sort of like you and Oaka.”
Sisila shook her head. “I consider what Oaka and I are doing to be dating in the sense of intimate conversation, and intimate…” Sisila blushed. “Well, in any case,” she said, “it can’t be too soon for you two to get married. It’s been a few months since you two have started seeing each other regularly, and that’s a long time in the great big scheme of things. And if now is not the perfect time, then when will it be? If you do love him, then perhaps it’s not soon enough for you two to get married.”
“I do love him. I do,” Jawen said solemnly.
“Or engaged—engagements can last a very long time, months and years if you wanted them to,” Sisila said. “You don’t have to get married right away. But Oaka and I have had to wait a long time for this moment, for this night, for years. It has been torment, Jawen, sheer torment…”
Jawen slowly nodded, but she didn’t think it had been all that hard for Sisila, no matter how much Sisila disagreed, because at least Sisila was sure of herself and her feelings for Oaka. Jawen didn’t have that same commitment of mind, because Jawen couldn’t believe in herself and what she was capable of without support. She couldn’t believe that Sisila would ever doubt herself, because Sisila was tough and brave, like Basha.
Sisila went down the aisle with Oaka, the two of them an odd sight with Oaka so tall and Sisila so short. Oaka stomped along with enthusiasm, dragging along a squealing, laughing Sisila. He was practically carrying her through the air as Jawen watched them dance, Sisila crying “whee!” with her feet swinging and kicking just above the floor. They made a cute couple, almost a perfect match in spite of their physical differences, because they had such compatibility of character. She wasn’t so sure that she and Basha…No, she thought, she could not think like that. What was wrong with her? She and Basha might not be identical in terms of quality or class, but they did have something together; she knew that much at least.
“We’ve been practically engaged for forever, but avoiding my father’s anger was one of our main concerns,” Sisila had said earlier. “He is a reasonable man, but a big stickler for tradition. The Courtship ritual is one of our main events. It’s a good way of avoiding his anger—he can’t protest what is sacred. He’s a reasonable man in that regard.” Perhaps Jawen could avoid her own father’s anger if she took advantage of the Courtship ritual’s tradition…
“All right, boys and girls, it’s time to go to Lovers’ Rock!” the mayor called. “Last chance to claim your partners, girls, before they should go asking for someone else!”
Jawen inhaled deeply, closing her eyes as she decided that she would have to face it. If this was her only chance to marry Basha before he would marry someone else, if she could not expect him to wait for her, then she would take him now. She would not wait for him to lose interest in her. She would tell him that she really did love him, that she wanted to be his wife, and that she would accept him if he asked her to marry him. It was time for her to be a woman, a capable young woman who was grown-up and acted responsibly. She opened her eyes and looked up as…Oh, malakel it, she realized. There were so many people here. Her eyes widened at the sight of every one of them running out of the inn and into the street, the boys in the lead with the rest of the crowd not far behind, joining up with the droves coming out of the pub, the restaurant, and the bistro. The girls had to keep up.
Jawen groaned to herself, wishing that they would make these things easier, but she pushed her way forward through the crowd, rushing toward the distant door and the outside world, with everyone in her way. Once they were outside, everybody was singing and dancing, strolling down the street in the middle of the night. She hated the dark and looked around fearfully for any sign of Basha. 
Yet even though the torches carried by some burned bright, she still could not see everything clearly. She could not see the signposts hanging over the doors of the buildings, and she could not see the colors of the buildings or the shutters that were brightly painted by the store proprietors and homeowners to match whatever mood suited them. There were no colors in the night. She could not see the sun, hidden as it was by the stars, moon, and darkness, nor could she see Coe Baba, the only home she had ever known, not this dark, depressing place that she could not see very clearly. 
She wanted Basha. And whatever he had to give her. Jawen had slowed down in her rush to catch up with the front of the crowd, where she assumed Basha was, because of the darkness that held her back. She knew that some of the girls were rushing forward to wrap red scarves around the necks of the boys that they loved. She had no red scarf with her. She had assumed that she would not need it tonight. 
She paused as she passed by an alleyway when she heard a familiar voice raised in anger. Even though the noise of the crowd drowned out almost everything, she knew Basha’s voice, his warm, soft, pathetic voice. She lingered, despite the press of people, and she peered into the dark alleyway, hoping to see nothing, or at least hoping not to see…Basha and Iibala. It was just as she thought; they were together.
She closed her eyes, ducked back, and tried to suppress the image she had seen briefly before she opened her eyes and ran through the crowd, around the corner to the path that led up to the Old Man’s hut and Lovers’ Rock, and hid in a bush. This was the path she had taken to the river with Hastin when they had come across Basha and Oaka last Suma, where she had shared her first kiss with Basha a few minutes later. So much had changed since then. 
Jawen wiped her eyes to stop herself from crying. It was an unholy, gods-forsaken mess, and she was partly responsible for this, wasn’t she? Jawen listened to the crowd passing by. She could not see them, but she knew Basha and Iibala had to be among them. She sniffed, thinking to herself that she should have listened to Sisila when she heard footsteps coming right at her. 
She ducked her head deeper into the bush, hoping to hide her shame, but then she looked up as Hastin asked, “What are you doing?”
She stared up at him. “I’m just watching,” she said, still sniffling as she rose out of the bush. She moved past him to head toward the Rock, but he blocked her.
“Were you playing a game with me?” 
“No, I wasn’t…yes,” she said. “Yes, I was, to tell you the truth, back at the dance. Now let me pass. I was trying to get Basha,” she added in a whisper. She was afraid of Hastin at that point.
“Thank you. That’s all I needed to hear.” Hastin shook his head. “Some fool I was. For a moment, I believed in you, Jawen. That you were in love with me again. But I won’t be fooled by you again. I still lov…care for you, Jawen, but you were trying to use me!”
“Hastin, I…” Jawen said, looking around, hoping that no one was watching them, but no. People were walking by as slowly as possible so they could hear every word being uttered by the youngest son of the baron to the oldest daughter of the merchant. Her secrets weren’t safe. They had never been safe, had they? She had been trying to hide her secret romance with Basha for so long that she hadn’t realized she had attracted attention to herself, and to Basha perhaps, in the unfolding of their relationship. She hadn’t been able to hide everything, especially tonight.
“Hastin, I don’t love you. I never did,” she finally said. A hundred ears must have perked up at this, and the rumors started again.
Hastin stared at her, and for a moment she thought he might hit her again, for real this time. “Well, I hope it doesn’t work!” Hastin finally said. “Good-bye, Jawen; I hope I will never see you again.” He walked away from the Courtship ritual, heading south down the path to the main road, where he would turn west and head for home.
That did it. Jawen sighed, relieved. Hastin wouldn’t ask for her hand in marriage, not after what had just happened, and she was safe for now. She hurried on, hoping to catch up with the rest of the girls and blend in with the crowd, ignoring those who might have noticed Hastin’s blow-up. She would still go to the Courtship ritual. She would still have a chance to say yes to Basha if he asked. Basha might ask for Iibala instead, but she had to hope, didn’t she? She would stand there and wait for him to ask, if he still had any feelings for her.

Chapter Ten: Lovers’ Rock
I swear to you a diamond ring, if you
Promise to be my queen forever, and a day. I swear To you my love, my undying devotion, and you will 
Be my queen forever and a day.
--Love song, Mirandor

Near the Old Man’s hut, where the storyteller lived, and beside the old birch tree, where the Old Man sat to tell his stories, Lovers’ Rock was considered a hallowed point in town, a place where the people of Coe Baba had gathered for centuries to meet and greet newly engaged couples and hold other ceremonies of importance, like the presentation of newborns. They didn’t have a chapel or temple of their own. The Old Man’s presence nearby validated this place as holy; he was the closest thing the townspeople had to a religious person. Basha rushed into the clearing and snuck into the back of the boys’ line, where Oaka was already standing, hardly noticed by anybody as the mayor lit the bonfire near the back of the crowd. This was almost the exact same way he had gotten into the militia tryouts yesterday, running late, but at least this time around, he wasn’t going to get yelled at by Sir Nickleby for his tardiness.
And at least there wouldn’t be a fight. On his way over here, he had almost run right into Hastin, who seemed to be in a rush to get back home. The two of them had stopped and stared at each other, sizing each other up, and Basha wondered if they would have a repeat of the sortie that had nearly ended the militia tryouts, but instead Hastin said “Good luck” disdainfully and left. Hastin wouldn’t be at the Courtship ritual? Then there was still hope for him. He did not know what had happened with Hastin and Jawen at the dance tonight, or why Hastin would have abandoned her, but he did not have to worry about that now. The whole town, or near enough, had already gathered in the clearing by the time Basha reached them. 
“Where have you been?” Oaka whispered to Basha. Oaka was wearing a red scarf wrapped around his neck. Sisila must have given it to him.
“Nowhere,” Basha said, lowering his eyes.
“Sneaking off with Iibala again?” Oaka teased, smiling.
“Again?!” Basha exclaimed in a low voice, raising his head. “Where have you heard that? I’ve never been with Iibala since…” Basha groaned. “I don’t understand what is the matter with Iibala, but I’m telling you that whatever happened tonight didn’t happen, and nothing happened, do you understand me?”
Oaka slowly nodded and then looked forward again as the line of boys started to move. Oaka probably didn’t believe him, but it didn’t matter. The Courtship ritual had begun.
Basha breathed a sigh of relief. With Hastin and Iibala out of the picture, he was free to do whatever he wished. He listened to the first few proposals being made. The Rock was actually a six-foot-tall mound that, naturally smoothed over on the top, became a platform. The young man had to clamber up the side to proclaim his love for one woman standing below him, among a crowd of other young women at the foot of Lovers’ Rock. Stretched back behind them was the rest of the town, filling up the clearing all the way to the bonfire.
He would say…Oh, Welda, Tau, and Quela, he had been so worried about things getting messed up between him and Jawen tonight that he had not thought about what he would do when it came time to propose to Jawen. He had forgotten about the dower, the groom-to-be’s gift to the bride-to-be. 
“This is not going to work,” Basha muttered to Oaka.
“What is not going to work?” Oaka asked. “Aren’t you a tad late to be regretting your decision to fall in love and marry Jawen?”
“I mean that I don’t know what to say to Jawen. What should I offer her for the dower?”
“The dower? Isn’t that more of a technical detail?” Oaka asked Basha.
They were getting closer to Lovers’ Rock. More young men climbed up, made their pronouncements, and then jumped down a few moments later to run off with the young women who had accepted them, as the people applauded.
“The dower, a technical detail?” Basha said. “The dower is the most important part! It’s like forgetting to read a very important chapter just before the big test!” 
“Like we haven’t done that before,” Oaka muttered.
“That is what the whole Courtship ritual is about!” Basha said. “The groom has to offer the bride something of value in exchange for her love and acceptance of marriage. The groom has to offer her something, because the groom’s love might not be great enough to equal the love received from the bride-to-be. And so the dower has to be bestowed upon the bride in order to restore the upset balance.” 
“Basha, calm down.”
“I am calm, Oaka! The dower given to Jawen has to be great in order to equal her value! She means more to me than any other girl I have ever met. She is more important to me than any other girl, and I have to show her, and the world, just how much she means to me!”
“Basha, snap out of it!” Oaka yelled. “You’re being…Just step up, ignore the crowd, and proclaim your love for Jawen, which should be easy enough for you to do, since you’ve been telling her that more times than I can count. And then just, I don’t know, offer her your love? If she really loves you, then she’ll accept you for who you are, Basha; it’s what I’ve always been trying to say.” Oaka sighed and shook his head. “I don’t understand you sometimes, and by the way, the dower and the dowry are not supposed to right the ‘upset balance’ of love.”
“Yet I have nothing to give her!” Basha cried, glancing down. “I feel like I should give her something important to make her feel appreciated, and yet I have nothing of value, nothing material.” He looked up. “Love is all that I have to give her, and yet even that is not enough, not to me anyways. I must show her that I have something of value to offer her, something material and important and worthy of her love for me,” he said, holding his hands out, “and show her that I can support her with it when she marries me.” He lowered his hands. “Jawen has always been worried about that, what we are supposed to do after we are married.” 
“Then you should offer her something affordable and practical, perhaps, something within your means? Like a house, or your horse?” Oaka asked.
They were a few paces away from the Rock, looming larger now as fewer young men stood ahead of them.
“A house is not something I can afford right now, and Talan is another matter entirely,” Basha said. “I might give her my horse, but then how will I travel if I get into the Border Guards? I need my horse to support myself before I can support her!” 
“Then offer her your wits, Basha, I don’t know what else to say! I’m just trying to be helpful here, but if you are not going to listen, then forget it.”
“I am listening to you, Oaka, but you’re not telling me anything I haven’t thought of before,” Basha said.
Oaka stared at him. “It could be anything or nothing, just as long as it means something important to both you and Jawen, eh?” 
“I don’t know what you mean,” Basha said.
“The whole purpose of the dower is to prove that you love somebody enough to give them something in exchange for their love, some proof that their love is as valuable to you as anything else in the world, is that not correct?” Oaka asked, trying to reason it out. “It could be the stars and the moon that you give her, if you want to go that far, or it could be a book, like a book of poems, or a book of romantic epics, if you want to show her the love contained in those pages.” Oaka scoffed to himself. “You and Jawen would probably love the book idea.”
“I can’t think of anything like that. It doesn’t seem important enough for me to give to Jawen,” Basha said.
“The smallest token, or the largest symbol, the most mundane or the most impractical…You can give her anything, Basha, just as long as she accepts it,” Oaka insisted, glancing forward. “And she will accept it if she wants to marry you. That is the only rule in the Courtship ritual, Basha,” he said, turning back to his brother. “That she has to accept what you have to offer her, if she wants to marry you.” He smiled. “Watch what I do,” he said, for it was his turn now.
Oaka strode forward from the head of the boys’ line. Basha watched as Oaka climbed up onto the Rock, not even fazed by the crowd in front of him as he struck a pose on top in his most heroic and dashing fashion. Basha smiled and laughed when Oaka wobbled, steadying himself as he broke his pose, and the rest of the crowd laughed as well at Oaka’s shenanigans. Oaka managed to smile and laugh at himself as well. “All right, everyone, you all know who I am, Oaka, the first true-born son of Geda and Habala, and I proclaim that I love Sisila, daughter of Baron Augwys!”
There were some people who gasped at this announcement, shocked that he could be so bold, but a few people cheered and whistled. They knew Oaka and Sisila had been together and loved each other, maybe they thought that it was a fine joke to steal the baron’s youngest daughter right out from under him, something that a young man like Oaka would do. Basha, meanwhile, was a little peeved at the “true-born” comment, but he supposed that it was necessary for the sake of the record.
Oaka said, “I know that some of you are surprised to hear that, and some of you are not, but in any case, we love each other and don’t care what anyone else thinks!” He pointed at his red scarf and held up the tip of it.
People cheered as Basha glanced at the baron, who was sitting in a collapsible chair underneath a canopy at the edge of the clearing. The baron was the town’s representative of the king of Arria, a figurehead for the king’s divine authority on earth, and he presided over the ceremony as a patron of the townspeople. Basha worried that Baron Augwys, the Right Honorable Lord of Coe Baba, would interfere with Oaka’s proposal, or stop the ceremony, but so far, he had not made a move. Apparently he would allow the ritual to proceed. Oaka was lucky.
Oaka sighed and turned to face his beloved to say, “All I can say is that Sisila, if you are willing to have me in marriage, then I’m willing to give you everything I own.” He placed his hands over his chest. “My heart and my love are yours, my father’s inn that I will inherit one day is yours, and everything that I will ever make belongs to you, because you are the one who inspires me to do what I do every day!” He pointed at her and then asked, “Will you have me in marriage, Sisila, and will you be ready to marry me soon? Because, my darling, I’m ready! Let’s get married!” he cried, throwing his hands up in the air.
“Yes! Yes, Oaka, yes!” Sisila squealed, jumping up and down for joy.
The people clapped as Oaka whooped, jumping down from the Rock and rushing over to sweep Sisila up into his arms, hugging her tight. The people cheered as Oaka kissed Sisila, and Basha watched, sighing to himself. 
He felt jealous, he realized, turning toward where Jawen stood beside Sisila, jealous of Oaka’s good fortune to be marrying a woman who appreciated him for what he had to bring. Jawen stood stiffly at attention, staring at the scene with something akin to sorrow in her eyes. 
Basha wondered if Jawen really wanted him, or Hastin, to embrace her like that. Basha inhaled deeply as he realized that it was his turn to step up onto Lovers’ Rock. He hoped that he was ready. As Oaka and Sisila receded into the crowd, receiving congratulations from everybody all around them, he advanced from the remnant of the boys’ line to the Rock.
He had to grip an edge to climb it, hugging himself against the Rock and squeezing himself vertically forward in a crawl. It took him a minute to reach the top, and he rose unsteadily onto his feet, like a man taking his first steps on dry land after a long voyage. He looked down at everyone enshrouded by darkness and the flickers from the bonfire that burned a short distance away. He now stood on the same level as the branches of the old birch tree. His first thought was that he was in trouble. 
He had been up here once before with Monika, but now his eyes stretched to the ends of the crowd filling up the clearing in the near-darkness, and everyone looked up at him, waiting for him to speak. The only sound was the bonfire crackling in the background and the bated breath of maybe a thousand people. Basha gulped as he realized the enormity of the event. He felt unsteady and attempted to spread his feet apart to keep his footing. It was either that or fall off into the faces of the crowd below. He realized now why Oaka had struck such a heroic pose; it was only to keep his balance.
Basha stood in front of them, people that he had seen almost every day for most of his life, and then he spotted Jawen, standing at the edge of the crowd of girls, not looking up at him. What was the matter with her? he thought, peering across the distance, as he wondered if her expression was one of happiness or contempt, anticipation or dread. He tried to read her face, which he could not quite see in the midst of so many people, overshadowed by darkness, bonfirelight, and moonlight, as if Sitha herself had drawn her veil across Jawen. 
He did not know if this was going to work. Taking a deep breath, he said, “My name is Basha, the adopted second son of Geda and Habala, and the trueborn son of a woman named Kala.” He wanted Kala’s name to live on in the records that announced his and Jawen’s engagement, for he could not forget where he had come from. And so Kala’s son said, “I come on this day to proclaim that I, Basha, love Jawen, daughter of Lapo and Mawen!”
The crowd before him clapped, louder this time than they had when he had announced his name, but they didn’t appear to be as surprised by his choice of fiancée as they had been with Oaka. Had Basha and Jawen not hidden their love well enough? He heard a faint roar of disapproval in the distance and knew, without even looking, that it would be Lapo, but he looked up anyway, to make sure that Jawen’s father wouldn’t interfere with this ceremony. However, it seemed that Lapo was far enough away that the man couldn’t reach him, plus there was some resistance to Lapo’s efforts. He saw someone come up to Lapo to confront the man, while other people pushed back at him so that he couldn’t move forward.
Basha felt confident enough at this interval to say, “I, Basha, ask Jawen if she will accept my love and my hand in marriage.” He looked down at her now as he began the formal part of his proposal. She was the only one who mattered to him at this point. He tried to clear his mind of everything that had been bothering him before, but that was difficult when all he could think to say was, “All that I can offer her is my love, my home, and, uh…”
Oh, the dower, the dower; it all came down to the dower. Oh, Tau, Welda, and Quela—he realized that he had made a mistake proceeding with the ceremony like this without thinking things through clearly. Jawen was looking up at him, her big blue eyes riveted upon his face with such hope in them that he did not want to disappoint her by offering her some measly little thing, some token that didn’t mean anything to either one of them. She needed hope, change, a chance for something more, just as much as he needed her. He had always tried to impress her, ever since they were children, and now was the perfect time to do just that, if only he could think of something. 
Oaka had said it could be anything or nothing, just as long as she accepted his proposal, but Oaka had it easy compared to him in that regard. Oaka could have offered Sisila anything, and she would have accepted him straightaway, without a thought. But for Basha and Jawen, it was different and difficult, when she had her father and her lifestyle to think about, and he had nothing to give to her that seemed important and worthwhile. Oaka and Sisila loved each other in such an easy, carefree, steady way that it seemed nothing could come between them, not even Sisila’s father. Basha was jealous of that love, because he knew he had nothing like that. 
Jawen needed more from him than just love. She needed his worth and value as a young man who could step up and take her away from her father without either one of them worrying about the future ahead. What he wouldn’t give to go back in time, to when they were just children here, underneath the old birch tree, listening to the Old Man’s stories—not in love with each other, and not thinking much about the future, but knowing who they were and where they belonged.
“Arria, may you reign in her name, Arria may you be with us evermore. Tau’s Cup was brought forth…”
“The balnor boy who was taken in by the innkeeper…”
“So the god Tau, king of the Cloud Rulers, took the Cup from his table…”
This was it, Basha realized; she needed to know just how much she was worth to him. As the people shuffled and muttered among themselves in the crowd, the hope faded from her eyes. He had to come up with something fast; he either had to say something or step down, and he knew that he was not going to step down, not after he had just started, and so he decided to say the first thing that popped out of his head. It probably was not the wisest thing he could do, but it was the only hope he had. 
And he could not pause to think, for feeling too reckless and relieved at having come up with a plan—a stupid plan, but one nonetheless. He blurted it out, the words that would mean the world to him:
“And, by Tau of the Great Valley, I offer her the Cup!” Basha cried, in triumph and in ecstasy. “Will you marry me?” he added. But such a blithe moment would not last long in his mind.
A cheer momentarily escaped the crowd’s lips before it changed into bewildered murmurs and gasps of horror. For they realized what he had just said, what he had promised, and as Basha stood there on top of that Rock, his heart sank as well when he realized his mistake. What a stupid, impossible, terrible thing to promise to Jawen, yet there was no going back now. He looked out toward Jawen, a little less eager now than he had been before. He could not take back his words, nor could he break his proposal to her and try again, for this was the only chance he would have to propose to her, according to the laws and traditions of Courtship ritual. And even though this dower was not what he would have expected to give to her, at least it was something that he could give to her, even if he had to go to Coe Pidaria to get it.

Coming down from the top of the world,
Wishing that you were here next to me,
Wishing that you could be a part of me.
I like the way that you make me feel,
And the night is so young and free,
I will never doubt you, not for one single instant…
And so where do we go from here?
I don’t know, but I believe
It will be a grand adventure,
It will be a part of me,
And so where do we go from here?
I don’t know, but I believe
It will be a grand adventure,
It will be a part of me,
No, I can’t sleep,
No, I can’t sleep tonight...
Chapter Eleven: Torn Asunder
Do you choose me, my love? Do you
Choose me over everyone else in the world?
I hope so, my love, no matter what that means.
Choose me over the consequences of your actions.
--A love poem, Mirandor

There comes a moment in every person’s life where her or she is faced with a choice and wonder, “How did I get here? How did I get to now, where all of my future rests upon this one choice, this one decision that will save or end me?”
Jawen was at such a juncture. She had been waiting for him to make his proposal, hoping that he chose to ask for her. Iibala was nowhere near the crowd of girls, as Jawen had done her own scanning to confirm this, and Basha seemed to be looking toward her when he got onto the Rock. She was soon rewarded for her perseverance, patience, and faith in him as she heard her name called out. She knew she had him. 
Yet she did not answer him straightaway. It was customary to wait and listen to the full proposal, so she bit her tongue when she wished to say yes straightaway. He seemed to hesitate at giving her dower, knowing that he had to give her something that would top her expectations, yet her expectations were so low that she would have accepted anything just then. She feared that he might step down without finishing his proposal and end it here without any marriage arranged between them.
But then he said…Jawen gasped like so many others; he was so reckless and audacious, and this very thing that he offered her was so marvelous and valuable. She knew what Tau’s Cup was, everyone knew that. She could not help but accept this gift.
“I, Jawen, accept your love and the offer of the Cup, by Tau, and I will marry you!” Jawen cried amid the growing hubbub of the crowd that nearly swamped her voice, but Basha heard her. He jumped down and rushed into her arms.
She ignored the rest of the world in those few brief moments of life and love, Basha kissing her and she kissing him, holding on to each other and not letting go. But then they were pulled apart by wild animals.
“Jawen! Jawen!” she heard her father cry, and she turned her head to see the rest of her family. Basha was pulled in another direction by a different part of the crowd, questioning him as to his sanity, it seemed, or congratulating him awkwardly on his marriage engagement, and Jawen didn’t get the chance to see or speak to him again that night. 
She was surrounded by her family, Tukansa and Annalise running underfoot while Rajar, Fence, and Talia teased her mercilessly about Basha. Mawen and Lapo remained quiet, muttering to themselves, before they were joined by Baron Augwys.
“Rather an exciting night, wouldn’t you say?” the baron remarked to Lapo. 
“Your Lordship,” Mawen said, curtseying.
“We are supposed to be raising logical, rational, reasonable children who are free to grow up big and strong and be independent individuals with minds of their own. But have they lost their minds?” Lapo exclaimed. 
Jawen glared at her father.
“‘The children of Za and Wan/Were born to be the inheritors/Of humanity’s woes and foibles.’ A proverb from The Legends of Arria, as I recall it,” the baron said. “Calm down, Lapo, as I tried to explain to you before—”
“You stopped me, Augwys, you stopped me! I could have stopped this!”
“Lapo, address me as Baron Augwys or Your Lordship when we are in public,” the baron said, glancing around. “Come on, Lapo, let’s go to your house; it’s closest.”
Jawen glanced back in vain for any sign of Basha as she was forced to follow the rest of her family and the baron home. The Courtship ritual had come to a screeching halt with Basha’s proposal, and no one else was in the mood to reconvene the event tonight. Torches were being relit from the bonfire, which would be doused. 
“Basha and Jawen—what will they think of next?” Rajar was saying.
“Maybe they could have babies with ‘balnor’ stamped onto their foreheads,” Fence said.
“Oh, you two, stop it,” Talia said before Jawen could speak. “It’s bad enough that she got involved with Basha in the first place.” 
“Enough of this!” Jawen cried. “I’m tired of you all complaining about Basha and insulting me. Why can’t you be happy for me?” she asked. “Why can’t you be satisfied that I found someone I love, who loves me in return, enough for him to offer me…” She stopped, unable to finish.
“This is exactly the sort of thing I feared,” Lapo muttered. “You and that balnor.”
“Enough! Don’t call him that!” Jawen said. “He is not, you have no proof, and we’ve been through this all already! I don’t want to hear you calling him that in my presence. He is going to be my husband.”
“Dear, lay off,” Mawen said to Lapo, placing a hand on his shoulder.
“Oh, all right,” Lapo said to his wife. “But he’s still no good,” he said, turning to Jawen. “I still don’t trust him.” He shook his head. “He doesn’t have what it takes, even though he thinks he can get away with offering you Tau’s Cup.” 
“It was his choice,” Jawen muttered. 
“We didn’t know that you were seeing this Basha until late Havin, early Sna of last year,” Mawen said to her. “And by then, you had already broken up with him, or so it seemed. We thought that was the end of that.” 
Jawen was surprised that her mother and father had even known this much about her relationship with Basha.
Lapo sighed. “I thought that something was up with you, Jawen, even earlier than that. You were sneaking around behind my back,” Lapo said. “But I was hoping that you and Hastin were still seeing each other, just sort of on the side.” Her parents sounded so disappointed in her.
“We should have kept a closer eye on you, Jawen, but we thought that it was best for you to make your own mistakes, have your own fun, while it lasted,” Mawen said. “We thought that you would get back together again with Hastin once we learned the truth. For a while, it did seem that you were dating him again, in Havin and Sna.” 
“But then Basha shows up on our front doorstep, holding flowers, no less!” Lapo exclaimed. “I thought that you would have refused him and married Hastin instead.”
“That’s not how it went,” Jawen said. “And I’m glad that’s not how it went.” 
“So this is it? This is how—”
“Lapo, I hope you will forgive your daughter,” the baron said. “Hastin has already forgiven her, for the most part, and he has already moved on, I think. What we need to discuss now is where we do we go from here?”
“You should have let me interfere,” Lapo said.
“It is tradition. The Courtship ritual must proceed. Any interference would disturb the sanctity of the event. Any proposal, once started, cannot be stopped unless one of the two people involved stop it. And the engagement is in effect right after that. There is no way to break off a marriage proposal without a lot of hassle,” the baron added. “Should any person dispute an engagement, such as a young man who foolishly made a proposal on a drunken whim, or a young woman who wishes to break off her engagement as her future husband had beaten her…then a case would have to be made by the petitioning party that the marriage contract drawn up for them would become null and void before the marriage could take place, sometimes even afterward.” 
Jawen listened carefully to what the baron had to say, knowing that her father would be looking for a loophole in the baron’s words.
The baron continued, “Sometimes an agreement can be reached between the two parties involved on whether or not to proceed with the marriage, if such an engagement dispute arises. But usually this would be decided at the courthouse, if I was available to preside, or by the town council, if there was a lot of arguing involved.”
“Well, what about now?” Lapo asked. “There is no marriage contract arranged between them, not yet. The marriage contract is arranged by the families, or by the town if there is no one else to help them, and I’m not going to sign any paper that has my daughter’s name and Basha’s name on it!”
“The marriage contract…well.” The baron paused. “Any engagement properly made is almost as difficult to get out of as marriage. But it can be done, especially with an engagement that has not been officially sanctioned.”
“What are you talking about?” Jawen said. “It is sanctioned; it is official. Everyone in town saw it. And Basha, he swore, didn’t he? He swore by Tau! The greatest god of them all!” Jawen gasped. “He swore by Tau that he would give me the Cup, and we would be married. And I accepted him! That’s sacred!” 
“Tau’s Cup,” Lapo said, muttering to himself as they reached his home. “Tau’s Cup, is it real?” he asked the baron.
“It’s real if you believe in it, I should think,” the baron said as they entered the home of the merchant. “And we should not take Basha’s oath lightly, I should think, not with everyone else in town witnessing it. We must think things through.” The merchant’s youngest children raced on ahead to their bedrooms, herded by their mother. Jawen lingered, though, listening to the clock tick.
“We ought to call a town council meeting,” Lapo said.	
“Good idea, Lapo, we can start that in the morning,” the baron said. “I ought to go home, though. Hastin is probably waiting up for me, and I would like to have a word with him. Maybe if he had been more adamant, I could call Jawen my future daughter-in-law tonight.”
“And I would have called Hastin my future son-in-law tonight,” Lapo said. “What happened, Your Lordship? Where did we go wrong?” 
“Please, call me Augwys now,” the baron said, shaking his head. “I don’t know, I suppose—”
“Hello,” Jawen said, hoping to join in the conversation.
“There you have it,” Baron Augwys said, nodding at the girl. “I hope you aren’t too depressed by these circumstances, Lapo, though they are deplorable,” he said.
“No, Baron Augwys. I hope that they shall turn out well in the end. What about you and Sisila?” 
Tick-tock, tick-tock, Jawen thought.
“Sisila.” Baron Augwys sighed. “I had resigned myself to the possibility, long before tonight, that she would marry Oaka. At least my daughter was proposed to by Geda’s eldest trueborn son, though that isn’t much of an improvement. Still, she has the inn to look forward to,” he said, nodding.
Jawen groaned. “I can’t stand this much longer,” she said. The two men were practically in bed with each other, the schemers. The baron had been the man her father had been talking to on the night she had first heard the words “balnor boy” uttered by him. It was, in a way, appropriate that the baron would be involved in this matter.
“Go to bed, Jawen!” Lapo exclaimed. “I will speak to you later.” 
Jawen turned and walked down the long hallway, but then she paused and glanced back as her father and the baron entered her father’s study. She waited a moment and then went back, quietly walking up to the door as the clock chimed one in the morning. It had been a while since she had eavesdropped like this; it made her think of herself as a child again. She licked her lips and pressed her ear up against the door, brushing her hair back.
“What more did you want to talk to me about, Lapo?” she heard the baron say. “I really must be getting home.”
“The Cup, is it real?” Lapo asked. “Is it something physical, or metaphorical?”
“I don’t know; I haven’t got a clue, Lapo. The Cup hasn’t been seen for well over two thousand years. The stories all say that it’s in Coe Pidaria.”
“Which is on the other side of the Wastelands, Doomba’s territory, if it exists,” Lapo said. “It might be just a gold goblet, not the real Tau’s Cup that the god used to create humans.”
Jawen gasped as she had not realized…She had forgotten Tau’s Cup was in Coe Pidaria, far from Coe Baba, and too close to Doomba.
“What’s your point?” the baron asked.
“The point is,” Lapo said, continuing, “I would like to establish whether or not it is metaphorical or physical. I know the boys sometimes promise girls the moon and the stars as a part of the Courtship ritual, but really, the boys are not expected to go up there and bring down the moon and the stars. Would we expect Basha to go on this trip and retrieve Tau’s Cup himself, bring it back here like a quest for my daughter’s hand in marriage?” 
Jawen shook her head.
“Well, that is something to consider, but I thought that you, of all people, would be satisfied knowing that Basha would be gone, possibly never to come back, if he went on this quest for Tau’s Cup.”
This was like a nightmare.
“If he goes, he’s gone, and if he doesn’t…Well, has he broken his oath then? That is one thing I would like to know—whether or not he is to satisfy his promise to my daughter. I am not entirely heartless, though; I don’t want to see my daughter heartbroken. If there is some way of breaking off this engagement without harming my daughter’s life, or the boy’s, then I would be satisfied.”
“Yes, indeed, I suppose. But it is getting rather late, and I must retire. Good night, Lapo.”
“Good night, Augwys,” Lapo said, and Jawen quickly retreated back down the hallway once more. She felt like crying, but she did not know…Would Basha have to go?
***
Nisa groaned as she walked into the house she shared with her mother, Brigga, a small cottage located in the neighborhood of mill workers. She had been cleaning up the common room along with the other serving girls, as Habala and Geda happily counted the evening’s profits, when Basha and Oaka had come tromping in. Oaka had left, and Basha had told the story.
Nisa closed her eyes, remembering how the faces of Geda and Habala had fallen faster than she had ever thought possible, and how she thought that she might have to tend to a fainting Habala. Was it possible that…She shook her head as she wished that it was not necessary, but it was. Everything was necessary in its own way; it had been this way for a long time.
Nisa lowered her head. She had to do her duty, even if it wasn’t much in the end, and she was ashamed of herself. Basha had to be left on his own, to trudge through life as best as possible, until it was time for him to go. But he wasn’t ready yet. She never had imagined it would be this hard. She wept silently.
“Nisa, is that you?” Brigga called, and she stopped. It was time to face her own mother now.
“Yes, it’s me,” she said, wiping off her eyes and going around the corner into the kitchen. “I have to speak to you about another matter I have to deal with,” she sighed, shaking her head. What a way to talk about this, like it was just a routine assignment.
***
Several hours earlier
“Nisa, what’s wrong? What happened to you?” she heard her father say as she strode past his table just before the Courtship ritual began. She stopped and sat down next to him, though at an opposite table. This was cutting it close, but she supposed she had time to talk.
“I’m fine, I got a scratch; it’s nothing,” Nisa said in a low voice so that others would not hear them. She leaned toward him. “Got into a fight. Morton and I were in the kitchen when I spotted someone tampering with the soup. I upended the pot in time, but when I went after him, he charged at me and wouldn’t say anything about what he was doing here. I knew he wouldn’t cooperate, no matter what we did, and he recognized me. He knew who I was. I had to destroy him before it was too late.”
“Nisa, you could have been killed,” her father said. “Was there no other way of sparing him before—”
“Did you hear me? There was no other way. We couldn’t control him,” she said, turning her head slightly. “He was…Do you remember what happened the last time we let a few of them live to trap the others?” She shook her head. “I’m not letting that happen again,” she said, facing forward once more.
“We couldn’t foresee what would happen,” her father said. “There was no way we could have controlled…We cannot blame ourselves,” he said, realizing what he had just said.
“In any case,” Nisa said, deciding not to call him out on his exposed hypocrisy, “you might think he’d have valuable information, be an asset to us in some other way, but I think not. He was just a farmer. I think he was just turned, or he was just getting into the organization, and yet he was indoctrinated enough that he was crazy.” She looked around. “The way he acted…He would not have cracked for us, at least not deliberately, and he would not have had much to say or share. They would not have told him much of their plans, or anything else for that matter, except for what he needed to know for his mission.” She paused. “They probably knew he would be caught or killed in some fashion.”
“I suppose that is all I needed to know,” her father said after a moment’s pause. “You better hurry up and get in position, or else we will miss this chance.”
“Do you suppose it will work?” Nisa asked, turning to him.
“I believe we will have a result one way or the other. Let us hope it is a favorable one,” her father said before she left to disrupt Basha in his search for Jawen.
Nisa remembered what her father had told her the one time he had shown her the chair that the Old Man sat in during storytime. He had brought her forward as a little girl and pointed out the exquisite detailing carved into the relic. For the chair was an ancient throne, if he might be believed, which had embraced many rulers in the past when the forest was young. The power of the seat and those who sat upon it was shown by the care and craftsmanship that had gone into its construction, which was supposed to showcase the might of humanity over even the most magical creatures. Nisa did not believe that it was possible for any human to have been so powerful as to rule all of these creatures, but she did admire the craftsmanship nonetheless.
Vulpines, also known as kitsune, curled up in slumber on the seat of the throne with their long tails wrapped about them, and shifted into men, women, or foxes, depending on how you looked at them. A whole warren of gnomes digging and crawling underground filled the underside of the seat, if you tipped the chair over to look. Fishtail legs rested upon the floor as mermen and merwomen, poised like the figureheads of a ship, supported the chair. A centaur stood strident as the left armrest, and a unicorn lowered its head to graze as the right armrest. Lions, tigers, and leopards, clawed paws raised and teeth bared, would not scratch or bite the back of the person who rested against them, and on the opposite side a forest scene contained all of the animals built into the chair. Griffins flanked its head, and sea serpents and dragons carved along its edges mingled with all the rest. 
Only the Fay seemed to be missing. But her father told her, “The Fay are invisible, but they are there if you look closely.” He pointed to a tree in the forest scene. “You might see a Fay’s face or body there,” he said, but she could not find it no matter how hard she looked, and she was good at spying things.
Nisa had never seen any of these animals in real life because they no longer existed, wiped out during the Dark Age. No one knew exactly when the last of these creatures had vanished. Some said as much as two thousand years ago, and others said as recently as two hundred years ago. Reports of such animal sightings were still happening as recently as two hundred years ago, of a unicorn fleeing through the forest or of a gnome disappearing underground, but they could not be verified. 
These rare sightings may have been the last holdouts of their species, as over the centuries, since the start of the Dark Ages, the warfare between humanity and Doomba’s Servants, who occasionally came up from the south to try to conquer Arria, prevailed in the human consciousness. Try as they might, the Servants, who used brutish and gruesome tactics, could not annihilate the humans who fought to defend themselves. And the humans could not win or lose the eternal war completely. They won and lost only in battles, minor conflicts. Any attempts to utterly defeat Doomba failed.
Marvola the Magnificent, as the second king of Arria and Corr’s heir was called, established the city of Coe Kiki, and he and his descendants tried to regain control over all of Arria. Meanwhile, Doomba tried to undermine their power with puppet kings who would claim the land and follow his orders. Marvola’s descendants, however, were able to defeat the puppet kings and prove that they were the true rulers of Arria. Then Doomba attempted to destroy the land by poisoning it, but Doomba’s efforts went only so far as the portion that would be called the Wastelands. Finally Doomba resorted to using the other nations of Salarria to invade Arria, and Arria, though it was greatly pounded and reduced by the War of Eight Lands, managed to regain control of its territory. Then Arria tried to conquer all of the other countries, nearly succeeding in creating an empire that would rival what Corrica had, before that empire, too, was reduced back to the original country of Arria.
In the midst of all this, which happened during the first fifteen hundred years or so of the Dark Ages—it was difficult to judge accurately when time had been mismanaged; people had lost track of time for a while and did not know how many years had passed since Coe Pidaria was sealed, the major event by which calendar years were marked before and after—the great creatures were decimated either by humans or by Servants, most likely both, inadvertent casualties of warfare and hunting. 
The humans forgot about helping the creatures who had once been their allies as they tried to survive, caring only about themselves. Knowledge and learning were thrown out the window when survival was at stake. The loss of the Fay and the wisest human practitioners set back magic for hundreds of years, and the Old Language, either spoken by the original inhabitants of Salarria or the Corricans when they first arrived, was dropped by the wayside as well with the rise of the Common Language. 
Eventually, Arria regained some of her former glory as Doomba seemed to subside, almost becoming invisible. Some even doubted he or his minions existed. But never was Arria as fantastical as she had been before Doomba had arrived. The Golden Age was gone, and the Dark Age would never end, not as long as Doomba was still around.
Or so her father had told her. Nisa sighed. Such stories she had heard, stories she had had enough of. She was not sure what to believe anymore, but she had to get ready. It was time to take her place and bump into Basha just before the dance.
***
Basha grimaced as he tried to fall asleep, dreading what was to come and thinking of everything that had happened tonight. He dreamed of explaining to his mother, Kala, all about the Courtship ritual, how he had fared, and what it had entailed. Suddenly an animal prowled in the darkness behind him. It was so close to him that he could not even breathe.
“Wake up, Basha!” He opened his eyes. It was morning, or so it appeared. Light shined into his eyes from the small bedroom window, but he felt like he had not slept a wink. He groaned again as he sat up, rubbing his eyes and blinking as he tried to adjust to the daylight, feeling a headache coming on. He must have drunk too much tealatte and ale last night.
“Was it all just a dream?” Basha asked hopefully.
“No, it wasn’t. Welcome to reality, your daily nightmare,” Oaka said, shaking his head. “How much tealatte did you have last night?” 
“I don’t know, just as much as everybody else had. Why are you so angry at me?” Basha asked, trying to joke. “Was it something I said?” 
Last night, Oaka had been fuming, yet so quiet, that Basha thought he might burst when they got home. Then Oaka had abandoned him, running ahead to their bedroom, while Basha was left behind to explain to their parents what had happened. 
“Why did you say such a thing?” Oaka finally cried out. “You can’t just give her Tau’s Cup! It’s all the way—”
“I wasn’t thinking!” Basha groaned. “The tealatte, and the ale, I just had to give her something, but nothing belongs to me. Everything I have comes from Father, who isn’t even my real father, and I just can’t claim what doesn’t belong to me. The Cup just came out of my mouth.”
“And so we’re back to Tau’s Cup! How is that even better? The Cup doesn’t belong to you, not yet, and not ever, if you’re even thinking about going—”
“I can’t take back what I said. I swore an oath on Lovers’ Rock, by the great god Tau, that I would offer Jawen the Cup!”
“You know, Basha, it’s always been a little odd to me that Jawen had to act like she didn’t like you,” Oaka said. “And if you were so certain that she would have accepted you last night, I bet you would not have needed to promise her the Cup. If it was true love.”
“It is true love!” Basha said. “Jawen’s hostility to me over the years was just a shield that she put up for her own sake.” 
“Oh, a shield? Then where’s the sword?” Oaka asked.
“She didn’t want to get hurt,” Basha said, ignoring him. “There is too much at stake here for both of us. But since I’ve proven myself to her, she trusts me, and we will get married.” 
“How have you proven yourself?” Oaka asked. “You don’t have the Cup, which isn’t yours—it’s all the way down south, hundreds, if not thousands, of miles away from here, on the far side of the Mila Forest, the Popo Hills, Tau Valley, and Doomba’s Wastelands! Let’s not forget that!” Oaka cried. “You can’t get it, you’re never going to marry Jawen, and you’re going to die! Have I left anything out?” 
“I know, but I swore, and the oath must be as true for me as it would be for a knight. I have to go to Coe Pidaria. What else am I supposed to do?” 
“Pardon my language, Basha, but that’s all just a bunch of balnor!” Oaka said. “Give it up, Basha! No knight would ever swear to do such a terrible and deadly thing, not really. They’re just like any other man. And as for your ‘quest,’ Basha, or whatever you’re going to call it, you can’t do it. Why even try? Give it up, Basha! Just be satisfied with your life here, and let Jawen go. She’s not worth it, remember? She’s not worth the fight.” 
“Oaka, I can’t,” Basha said, ready to cry. “I can’t give Jawen up, I love her, and I can’t forget all of the stories, the tales of the Knights of Arria, and chivalry, and defending our King Sonnagh from evil. I can’t forget her.”
“Wake up, Basha! Those Knights of Arria are dead, if they ever existed; the Old Man told us lies to please us when we were children! There’s nothing real about any of it. The real knights don’t have ‘gentlemanly’ behavior like chivalry anymore, if they ever did.”
“What about the games that we played when we were children? ‘My sword is raised,’” Basha said, his voice wavering as he recited. “‘My courage is unequaled, my honor is intact, my loyalty will never waver, my fairness is…’”
“‘Unparalleled,’” Oaka said. “Basha—”
“Right, I always forgot that part, ‘my fairness is unparalleled! And my chivalry is true!’” Basha cried.
“Basha, those were just games that we played, not real, and I never did like them very much,” Oaka said, shaking his head. “They never meant anything to me.”
“How can you say that? The two of us fighting dragons and rescuing damsels in distress, that was our dream,” Basha said. Long before he had learned he was adopted, long before he had sought personal wealth, status, and satisfaction of his own needs, long before he had ever fallen in love with Jawen, he had fought with Oaka using toy swords. 
He had always wanted to be a knight. He had watched the town militia march down the main street of Coe Baba, heralded by the band. Sir Nickleby had been at the head of the parade upon a noble steed, sword upraised. And nights had been filled with stories from the Old Man telling of gods, monsters, heroes, and damsels in distress. Basha had grown up, learning that not everything was like this, and that he could not be a knight like Sir Nickleby, but Basha still believed in his heart that he could live up to those ideals of chivalry, valor, and honor. He had hoped that this perfection might help him gain Jawen in marriage.
“That was your dream, Basha, not mine. If you’re going to Coe Pidaria, you’re going on your own,” Oaka said. “And I hope a dragon eats you on the way, if you can find one!” he added, leaving the bedroom.
Basha sighed, wishing he could have convinced Oaka otherwise, but his brother was right. It was his fault, swearing an oath to get Tau’s Cup, and whatever happened next, Basha was on his own. He flopped back down onto his bed, lying there and facing the ceiling. It was right that he should deal with this by himself, take responsibility for his own actions, but why didn’t he feel right? Why didn’t he feel like meeting the challenge? And it was definitely going to be a challenge. He knew next to nothing about what he was going to attempt to do—nobody in his hometown had ever traveled all that way, especially to the Wastelands. The Wastelands…Nobody had survived going into the Wastelands, as far as he was aware; nobody could when it was such a horrible place, full of fire and death, at least, that’s what everybody assumed. And the monsters, not just Doomba, but his minions as well, Black Wolves, Trollas, and Ghoulmen—those things were what nightmares were made of. And he had heard such terrible stories that he did not know how he would ever survive.
***
Oaka fumed as he closed the bedroom door and went down the hallway into the common room. He had not meant to be that cruel to Basha, but he was upset by how casually Basha had treated all of this, like it was just a game. If it were not for Jawen…Malakel it, why did she have to get involved with Basha? Out of all the girls in Coe Baba, not that there were that many, why did she have to be the one that Basha set his sights on? What idiocy was this that had driven Basha to promise the most impossible, illogical thing, all to get the attention and affection of Jawen? What madness was this but love, or the semblance of love to Basha? For Basha was stupid enough to think or believe that everything he felt for Jawen was true or strong enough for her to love him back.
“Ba…oh. Oaka,” Habala said, as Geda looked up toward his oldest son. “How goes it?” Habala asked.
“Eh, it’s fine,” Oaka said, shaking his head. He should have expected his mother to be waiting for news on Basha.
“‘Fine’ is not much of an answer,” Geda said. “The town council will be meeting soon.”
“The town council? For Basha? Is that not a little much for one stupid oath and a mistake borne from love?” Oaka asked.
“Mistake or not, he’s got to go. To the town council meeting, I mean,” Geda said, shielding himself from Habala’s furious look for a moment. “I would not want him getting lost, or killed, on some trip,” he told Habala until she turned away, starting to cry. 
“Right, he’s got to go and hear what they have to say,” Geda said, comforting his wife as best he could. “Maybe then he’ll decide…Has Basha said anything to you, Oaka, about going or not going?” Geda asked desperately.
“He’s dead set on going,” Oaka said quietly, looking down, not wanting to see his mother cry. Malakel Basha. “Nothing will stop him. Stubborn old mule. I’m not going, if you’re thinking I might,” he added, hoping that might cheer her up.
“Thank goodness, Oaka,” Habala said, kissing her son twice on both cheeks. “I love you, Oaka. I better go talk to Basha,” she said, wiping off her tears and sniffling as she headed off toward the bedroom that the two boys shared.
“Well, I’m glad of that,” Geda said, nodding slowly. “No sense losing the both of you, if it comes down to that.” He gulped and sighed, pouring himself a glass of ale. “Do you think he can be convinced?” 
“I doubt it,” Oaka said, sighing as well. “Can you get me one, too?” 
Geda hesitated. “Go easy on it, son.” He got up to get another glass.
Oaka sat there a moment and then said, “Father…if I was to tell you…”
“What is it, son?” Geda asked, staring at him.
“Never mind,” Oaka said, lowering his head. He couldn’t talk to his father now about the fire. Everyone else was panicking over Basha now, and they seemed to have forgotten about him. Perhaps he could convince himself it had never even happened, much like he could convince himself that the gruelmoff attacking them and the Old Man saving them had never happened. Oaka frowned. Was this a good way of going through life? Overlooking or denying the obvious? The thought struck him that it wasn’t much of a way to live—being afraid of everything that reminded you of reality and the past. Perhaps he had forgotten because it was easier at the time, but it was also difficult to ignore. He wondered if Basha or anyone else had ever felt this way before.
***
Basha nearly jumped when he heard the knock on his bedroom door, an amazing feat when he was lying in bed. Basha sat up and asked, “Oaka?”
“Basha? May I come in?” It was his mother, Habala.
“All right,” Basha said, nearly flopping back down again.
“Are you all right?” Habala said, entering the bedroom.
“Never better, Mother.” 
“You shouldn’t lie around here all day long,” she said. “The town council is planning on meeting later to discuss…Basha? What is wrong between you and Oaka?”
“I think we’ve having a fight, Mother. But it’ll be OK, I hope. What is the town council planning on discussing? My oath?”
“Basha, I think you should go. They will probably summon you anyway, maybe ask you what you were thinking, or if you would reconsider.”
“Mother, I made the oath, I don’t think I can break it, not without…Why would they want to talk to me about my oath?” he asked. “They should just let me go.”
“Basha, please, honey, go and listen to them speak. I think you should hear their advice before you decide on your own. You are not fully grown yet; you should let your elders decide.”
“Mother, I made the choice myself. I should think that if I am fully capable of proposing to a girl in marriage, then I should make the choice myself of what I promise her and where I go to get the item in question.” He stared at Habala for a moment. “All right, all right, I’ll go to the stupid town council meeting. For your sake. I’ll live with whatever they have to say. I just hope they don’t talk too much.”
“Thank you, Basha. I suppose that’s all I can ask.” She sighed and then reached into her pocket. “Here, before I forget. I wanted to give this to you earlier, when I had the chance, but with preparing for the Courtship ritual, and everything else…I found this just yesterday morning, or the day before that, I forget, sweeping up the storeroom.” 
She took out a white piece of cloth. Basha caught sight of blue, or maybe indigo, thread. “All of the supplies that we were going to need for the Courtship ritual had just arrived,” Habala said, “and we needed to clean up the place just a bit, and I found this in a corner…It must have been buried under some boxes. There was a book of recipes, and inside that book, pressed between the pages, there was this.” 
She handed the handkerchief over to Basha. “Be gentle with it, it’s old, and starting to unravel a bit. A bit faded as well, but I recognized it at once. Keep it close to you,” she said. “I hope you won’t ever lose it again.”
He examined the handkerchief, which was embroidered with expensive indigo thread. No one in town could have afforded such a thread, not even Lapo could have scored a find of this length. But woven into the cloth, with delicate and intricate detail, were the words Blessings, your Sisters at the top, blue flowers along the sides, and the initials K & M on the bottom edge. K…His mother, his real birth mother, had been Kala, and so his father must be M, whoever that was. 
Basha looked up in shock at Habala as she lowered her head. She said, “I meant to give it to you when I told you about your real birth mother, but by then I had lost it. I took it out of her pack, the day after she had died. I couldn’t find much else of value for you to keep.” She looked up at him, teary-eyed, as she said, “That has been one of my biggest regrets. The idea that I had lost this handkerchief, the one thing that you had from your mother. But to find it again has been a very small blessing indeed.” She wiped her eyes.
Basha gasped. He could have used this yesterday! If Habala had given it to him earlier, he could have given it to Jawen last night, but…no. He couldn’t part with this, could he? It was the one thing he had from his mother. This was not something he could entrust to another person, not even Jawen. This was even more precious and valuable than his love for Jawen.
“Mother, you don’t have to fret.” Basha hugged her. “Thank you for giving me this small part of Kala.” He smiled weakly. “I’ll take good care of her handkerchief; you can count on that.” He pushed himself away from her embrace after a few moments.
“All right, Basha, all right. I love you, my boy,” Habala said, sniffling and smiling before she left.
She wanted him to forgive her for losing the handkerchief, he thought. He didn’t exactly blame her, although he wished that she could have found it sooner. If he’d had this, then he could have had something of Kala for the last few years.
She was a woman who had lived, even though he didn’t know what kind of a life she had had. His birth mother might have been a lady of wealth and nobility from an ancient family, as Habala had once remarked that Kala had held herself as such, but he had no way of proving that when he could not trace the lineage of his family. Instead, he was a blank space on a page; he could only live with what he had been given, where he was raised, and that was not his own.
Basha was not of Coe Baba, nor was he of Geda and Habala, and he could not hide that, not when everybody here in Coe Baba knew his situation.
He was of Kala, and of her unknown husband—who must have had brown hair like him if Kala was blonde—and wherever they had come from. He had tried to fit in in Coe Baba, but it was impossible.
Kala might have just been a lost woman who came to the inn to give birth to him the night before she died, but he wasn’t willing to believe that. Because that meant he had no purpose, no family, and no place to call his own. 
Basha sighed and shook his head. He folded up the handkerchief to put in a safe place, perhaps in a box he had at the bottom of his armoire. He could not find the answers to his lifelong questions in a scrap of cloth. 
But then he unfolded the handkerchief again to scrutinize the stitching, wondering if there wasn’t some sort of clue in the way it was stitched. Maybe the sisters, Kala’s sisters, or M’s sisters—he had family; he smiled to himself at the thought—had stitched it a certain special way. And why was “Sisters” capitalized like that?
Basha pondered it a little while longer before he put the handkerchief into the box and left his bedroom.
Chapter Twelve: Remembering the Past
Resolved: In the time of King Vivolon the Second, 1022 DA, that all personages of Coe Baba who so wish to be elected to the town council shall be citizens born in Coe Baba, owners of property here, or have relatives who live here. Signed, the Old Man
--Laws of Coe Baba, Law #214

Late in the morning on the third day of Markee, Jawen woke up, feeling sick and sore as she remembered last night. She dressed and washed her face before she went downstairs to eat breakfast. Her father had already left to arrange the town council meeting. Her siblings snickered and whispered among themselves as they watched Jawen douse herself with cider and eat her meal as fast as she could before leaving, unable to stay there any longer. She headed toward the town hall, deciding that she would see what was happening, but then she stopped and stared at the town well near the far side of the town square.
Even though the River Daneuve, and some of the channels dug from it, provided clean enough water for drinking, irrigation, and other needs, the well water seemed to taste fresher and cleaner somehow, as if the earth purified it. A group of girls were usually gathered at the town well, located on the “rich” side of town just next to the southern edge of the town square, and today was no exception. They were supposedly collecting water, but they took plenty of time about it, gossiping about local boys and other girls who were missing from the throng.
Jawen felt terribly thirsty again as she spotted Iibala laughing among them. “Jawen!” she heard a voice cry.
“Sisila!” Jawen exclaimed, turning around to see her friend coming from the direction of the town hall. “What are you doing here?”
“I came to find you. I didn’t see you at all last night after Basha…Oh, Jawen, I’m so sorry, and congratulations,” Sisila said, hugging her best friend.
“Yes, I feel the same way,” Jawen said.
Sisila pulled away and explained, “I went to the town hall first thing this morning, but it’s so packed. All of the people are gathered outside, spilling out into the park. None of them are allowed inside due to limited space. Apparently the town council does not want gawkers crowding inside. Except for Basha—he arrived here about an hour or so ago with his family, and they all parted to let him inside. But Oaka, Geda, and Habala had to stay outside. I went to say hello to Oaka, and then I came to see you.”
“Can we get in?” Jawen asked.
“I don’t know. I don’t think so. I wasn’t allowed in, and I’m the baron’s daughter.”
“Then come along, Sisila. There’s no point in trying. Let’s go see the girls at the well.” Jawen started walking forward.
“Wait a minute—what about Basha and the meeting?” Sisila asked. “Don’t you want to hear what they’re going to decide?”
Jawen rubbed her forehead. “Sisila, you do know who the town council is, don’t you?” she asked. “It’s made up of a bunch of children in grown-up disguise, including our fathers. I don’t think we should worry too much about them reaching a decision right away. They will probably spend days arguing over the oath alone.” She smiled grimly. “If it comes right down to it, I would say the well is probably the best place for us to be right now.”
Jawen walked over. Iibala looked up at her approach, and Jawen launched herself at Iibala. Fight.
The girls screamed and yelled as Jawen and Iibala wrestled on the ground in front of the town well. Iibala had been in plenty of girl fights before, against the fiancées and wives of some of her past lovers, but Jawen had watched some of these fights from a distance and had learned a thing or two. For instance, though Iibala used her nails to scratch, she left her hair unprotected.
“Ouch!” Iibala cried, raising a hand up to cover her head. “Why are you doing this?” she asked, standing up onto her two feet.
“Because it’s all your fault!” Jawen said, swinging her fists as she came up as well. “If you had left Basha alone, none of this would have happened!”
“So I’m to blame?” Iibala exclaimed as she ducked and blocked Jawen’s fists. “I’m to blame for this?” 
“Yes, don’t you deny it!” Jawen said, winding up again.
“I’m not denying that I had a role in this,” Iibala said, punching simply with a thrust that knocked Jawen down. “I’m to blame for part of what has happened, but I’m not responsible for everything that has happened,” Iibala insisted, looking down at Jawen lying on the ground. “You had just as big—no, an even more important role to play in all of this. You inspired him, Jawen!” Iibala spat at her. “And don’t you forget it!” she said, turning to walk away.
Sisila, meanwhile, had sat down and cried as all of this took place. This was horrible. All she could think about was Oaka—not Basha or Jawen—but the fact that Oaka was bound to go with Basha in the end.
Jawen stood up and brushed herself off, scowling at Iibala’s retreating back. She felt even worse than before, and she tried not to look at the other young women sadly shaking their heads, or at Sisila crying, but she could not stop them staring at her. Jawen raised her head, though. She had to appear composed and brave. She had to look like she was in charge of the situation. That was the most important thing, to appear like you were in control of yourself, and everything around you.
“Come on, Sisila, we’re going home. To your house,” Jawen added, grabbing her hand.
“But Oaka is going,” Sisila managed to say.
“Maybe he won’t go,” Jawen said. “Maybe Basha won’t go.”
“Oaka will go with him. He hasn’t mentioned it, but I know that he will. After all, they’ve always been close, and I don’t think Oaka would abandon him.”
“Sisila, get a grip on yourself,” Jawen said, squeezing Sisila’s hand and dragging her away. Sisila was still a delicate girl, even though she had moved out of her father’s hall and lived on her own. Indulged, even in this wilderness, it seemed like she never had any inner strength, and…Jawen hated being cruel, but she wanted her friend to be strong. To be resolute like her, or else they both would break.
“Even if Basha could not find Tau’s Cup, I’m sure he would just keep looking,” Talia had said at breakfast to Jawen. “You know how men are. When they go to market to fetch something, they just don’t want to come back without it. So you better hope that Tau’s Cup is just as real as you and me,” Talia had said with a cunning smile.
Jawen had to get out of there, out of her house and away from her siblings and parents. Sisila’s house was just as good as any other in this regard.
***
Basha sat before the town council. They were arguing, just as they had been doing for the past half hour. Of course, it was getting interesting now. It had progressed to the level of personal insults, spitting, and deviations into previous squabbles. And these were the elders who made some of the most important decisions in town. Basha sighed, listening to them as he sat down in a chair, but he sort of understood that this was just part of the process of dealing with his own problem, and eventually they would come back to him. The council was made up of some of the most important and intelligent men in all of Coe Baba, including Sir Nickleby, Baron Augwys, Lapo, the mayor, the town clerk, the postmaster, and the schoolteacher. Even the Old Man had showed up. Most of these intellectuals were the ones exchanging insults, though.
At last, the fighting subsided. The Right Honorable Baron stood up. “Gentlemen, surely we can agree that the world is too complicated for boys like…Bashido here to go out on quests.” The town clerk whispered in the baron’s ear. “Forgive me, I meant Basha,” the baron said.
“If you’ll pardon me, my lord, I say that is no excuse at all!” Sir Nickleby said, standing up. “Dishonorable it would be. This young man must go on his quest to fulfill his duty to Lapo’s daughter. It is the only right thing he can do in this situation.” Basha sat up a little straighter in his seat, hoping that Sir Nickleby was on his side as the other men muttered among themselves. 
“Out of the question,” the baron said, shaking his head. “It would be best for his own welfare, and in the interests of his friends and family, that he should stay. Nay, be forced to stay if he should attempt to wander off. His oath need not be upheld.” 
“If he does not go, if we excuse his oath, then my lessons have meant nothing!” Sir Nickleby said.
“Meant nothing? Have they ever meant anything?” the general store owner remarked.
Sir Nickleby turned. “I teach, uh, taught, not only fighting, but also the rules of engagement,” he said, catching his breath. “Rules that must be respected, and the utmost is duty!” he cried.
“Where was your sense of duty at the militia tryouts, Sir Nickleby?” The store owner asked. The council members muttered among themselves again. Basha stood up to defend his mentor.
“Gentlemen, please—we will deal with Sir Nickleby’s misdeeds later. We must get back to the matter at hand!” the baron insisted as Sir Nickleby turned red. “The boy cannot be held accountable for his actions,” he continued. “It was simply an outburst that he had; the words slipped out of his mouth by mistake! The oath cannot be upheld when it was an accident. We all witnessed the incident.”
“Basha, do you feel like what you said last night was an accident?” Sir Nickleby asked.
“No, sir, it was not an accident,” Basha said, trying to be honest.
“Did you go there with that gift in mind?” Lapo asked, standing up now.
Basha hesitated. “I did not have it in my mind at first, sir, but it was not an accident. I did say it, and I did mean it, just as I mean it now.” 
“Do you hear him? He wants to take responsibility for his actions; he wants to do his duty!” Sir Nickleby declared and cleared his throat. “If he does not do his duty, then he and others will start thinking that they can get away with anything, and they will ignore responsibility, leading to anarchy.” Basha paused, tilting his head as he wondered what Sir Nickleby was doing talking like this. 
Several council members tried to protest, and Baron Augwys muttered, “I hardly think that anyone else takes his oath seriously enough that it would cause ‘anarchy’ if it is not enforced!” Several more council members protested the baron’s remark, as Basha tried to open his mouth and speak out.
“I will not allow my instruction here to go to waste!” Sir Nickleby insisted. He turned to the young man. “Basha here is one of the most talented pupils I have ever trained. Despite his youth, I am sure he could handle the trip to Coe Pidaria, if he takes precautions.” Sir Nickleby started to falter, staring at Basha. “And if he doesn’t get himself too…carried off by…I have traveled the length of Arria,” Sir Nickleby said, recovering and turning away from Basha. “Many times in my youth, and I have fared well.”
“You may have fared well, but that’s just because you are—or were—a knight of the realm!” Lapo exclaimed. “You had the authority of your service to His Majesty, King Sonnagh, to protect you. You were able to travel freely and do anything you wanted, so long as you had the strength and peace of mind of your title. Do you think Basha will fare just as well as you did, Sir Nickleby?” Lapo asked. “Or do you think that he will fail? Bandits wouldn’t assault a knight—that’s more than their lives are worth—but they would never hesitate to raid merchant trains in the Popo Hills, nor would they hesitate to kill lone travelers like this boy here!” 
“Lapo, you know as well as I do that Arria’s knights, and the army, do their very best to defend your merchant trains and eradicate thievery, but it is almost impossible, and Basha here has just as good a chance as any other man,” Sir Nickleby said. “Better, if they do not think he has anything too valuable on him.” 
“Basha, you don’t have to go; just forget about Tau’s Cup,” Lapo said to the young man. “I have never known you very well; I never even realized that you would ask for my daughter’s hand in marriage, but nevertheless, you made your offer, and Jawen accepted. I suppose I shall have to stand by it, but I hope that you are serious, Basha. That you did not just swear this oath as a lark!”
His speech was drowned out by others’ protests, including Basha, who yelled, “I have never been more serious about anything in my life!”
“Gentlemen, please! Everyone, settle down. I am sure Lapo meant no disrespect to the oath or to this young man here,” the mayor said as he tried to bring order to the meeting. “I am sure that we are all aware, especially Basha, that his oath cannot be taken lightly, that we must hold him accountable for his promise and actions on some grounds, but we cannot simply let him go off to disappear into the unknown! We must find a way to satisfy his requirement without—” 
“Gentlemen, excuse me, but has anyone thought to consult the Oracle of Mila?” the Old Man asked.
Everyone paused and stared at him. “The Oracle of Mila—what sort of an idea is that?” someone said. 
“It’s preposterous, is it not, to think about?” another said. 
“And why not?” Sir Nickleby asked, looking up. Basha thought he saw Sir Nickleby exchanging a glance with the Old Man.
“It’s unseemly!” someone else said.
“It’s a chance, is it not, to satisfy the requirement and settle the matter with an outsider’s perspective, so that we won’t have to be bothered by it any longer?” Sir Nickleby asked. He had a point there, Basha thought, but why was the knight defending him? He did not understand why Sir Nickleby was on his side, unless it was just to help his friend’s poor son find a way to freedom, or maybe he just wanted to undermine the baron and Lapo. The council members whispered to each other for a little while longer, leaning in their seats every which way as they tried to reach a decision.
Finally, Baron Augwys said, “All right, Basha. You will go to the Oracle of Mila and ask her if you should go on your quest. And for further insurance, to make sure that you come back with her real and correct response, we shall send…”
Lapo and Sir Nickleby both raised their hands.
“The Old Man to accompany you!” the baron declared.
“The Old Man? But why?” Lapo protested. 
“It is my final decision, Lapo!” the baron declared. “We will reconvene tomorrow morning, right here at this exact time, to read her fortune and decide how we shall proceed. I declare this town council meeting over and done with, and we are all dismissed.”
“Excuse me, is that not my job?” the mayor asked.
“I convened this town council meeting, Mayor, and I can declare it dismissed,” the baron said. “Look it up.” He slammed shut the town council’s rulebook, which had been left open but never consulted during the meeting. 
The mayor sighed. He never got a word in edgewise with Lapo, Baron Augwys, and Sir Nickleby practically ruling the town.
***
Basha was one of the first people to leave the town hall, and he was immediately surrounded by townspeople, including his family, asking him what had gone on inside. “I am going to see the Oracle of Mila and ask her what I shall do,” Basha said. Geda and Habala, in particular, groaned at this.
Just earlier that morning, a couple had come downstairs for breakfast singing, “We’re off to see the oracle, the Oracle of Mila.” 
At that point, Geda had banged his head down on the bar and muttered to his wife, “Kill me now, and bury me a hundred miles away from here.” He hated the worshippers of the Oracle of Mila, but the innkeeper had little choice but to host them. For the most part they were the only guests he ever had. The Cave of Wonders, located a few miles outside of town, was a mysterious place to the townspeople. They hardly ever went there, either too afraid of being seen by their neighbors, too afraid of the oracle’s magic, or too doubtful of her abilities. The oracle was not a real religious figure in the culture of Coe Baba and Arria; she was just a strange entity worshipped by several hundred fanatics who came at least once or twice a year. Their ranks swelled or dwindled over the years, but for the most part, their numbers never rose above two thousand. They came from all over Arria, and beyond, but they kept mostly to themselves during their stays.
“Those worshippers of the Oracle of Mila,” Geda muttered as they walked back to the inn after the town council meeting. “They sleep late and wake up demanding breakfast near the crack of noon.”
“Other people sleep late,” Habala told her husband. She looked tired. She shouldn’t look so tired, Geda thought, she should be happy and enjoying herself. Not staying up late worrying about Basha.
“Only the richest, laziest people do,” Geda said. “That’s why you won’t see me sleeping late. I have to get up and crack firewood at dawn, while you go and cook breakfast.”
“At least we have the boys to help out,” Habala told him.
“The boys, of course,” Geda said sarcastically, “Before they run off, and have fun with their shenanigans. Why did we ever have boys?” 
“Because we couldn’t…” Habala stopped. “Never mind,” she said.
Geda could not believe in things he did not understand. He had seen much in his long life of forty-three years, yet he had not seen enough outside of Coe Baba to make him believe that there were things better than what he had experienced. Geda had seen some miracles and had experienced some joy in his life, but he had not experienced enough joy. So he dismissed some miracles too easily as being mere coincidences or misunderstandings. Habala did not believe in the oracle, either, but she did believe in the gods, and she had heard the worshippers speak of the reasons for their visits. “I have a son who needs help,” one woman had told her recently. “He needs to know when he can get married.”
“I have a daughter who believes she will die,” another man had said quietly. “I need to seek guidance and help so that she can live.”
“I am going to take a trip,” another man had told her in confidence. “I want to know if it is a good time to be traveling.”
Something was going on here. She knew that more people had been coming to the inn for the last ten years now. Her husband kept up with the accounting books each year, detailing how much money people spent at the inn, along with the purchase of supplies. Habala glanced in the books often enough to notice the upswing, plus the inn was often full enough that she had to change the sheets on each bed upstairs twice a month during the busy seasons. 
Times were uncertain, and people needed to know what was going to happen next. Habala sympathized with the worshippers. She did what her husband wanted, because he was the man of the family, but she wanted to be heard, too. She wanted to tell him that there were good things in life, miracles, as well as bad, awful, terrible things. And sometimes they were one and the same.
***
Basha sat on Talan, riding alongside the Old Man on his mule. “Thank you for coming along with me,” Basha said as he held on to Talan’s reins. He had gone back to the inn after the meeting and saddled up Talan while his mother made up a basket of food for the short trip. He had not spoken to Oaka since their heated exchange of words this morning, and he did not say much to his parents either, already thinking of what it would be like to leave them all for good, or at least for a very long while, yet he had to prepare himself for that eventuality.
“Basha, I am sorry it had to turn out this way, but I suppose it is for the best,” the Old Man said. His legs hung down so close to the ground he was practically walking. The mule, however, still had to take quick steps to keep up with Talan’s leisurely pace. “It is an old world we are living in, Basha. We have been in this Dark Age for over two thousand years now, and not much has changed since the start of it. We are safe inside our homes now, our communities, but still we are isolated,” the Old Man said as he glanced around. “Coe Baba is protected from harm and from the ills and vices of the outside world. We have the forest surrounding us, and nothing much to offer outsiders except our warm hospitality, and maybe an oracle’s predictions. Yet we are strong, not weak, for being so small,” he muttered, waving his hand in the air.
“Old Man, what are you saying?” Basha asked, puzzled.
“I am trying to make a point, Basha, and I wish that you would listen to me.” The Old Man lowered his hand and whispered something underneath his breath. “Coe Bahealfisaba, degarnade…Yet we fear so much in life, because there is much left to fear.” The Old Man continued with his speech even as he tried to make himself look dignified on top of the mule, ignoring Basha’s puzzlement. “I have taught you only the good in life, told you stories of gods and heroes, but I have neglected to teach you about the evils of life, the taint of Doomba and his monsters.” He stopped his mule for a moment and stared off into the forest. “And they are many, not just beasts, but men as well. Anyone could be a Follower of Doomba.” He shook his head and sighed, urging his mule to continue on even as Basha looked off into the forest as well, wondering what had caught the Old Man’s attention. “I have neglected my duty to you, and to others, and a day may come when you will curse me for that,” the Old Man said.
“Old Man, don’t say such things,” Basha started to say.
“Enough! Be quiet, Basha,” the Old Man urged, holding his hand up and peering about. “Doomba has been quiet these past few centuries, but that does not mean that he is gone. Far from it,” he whispered. “Many believe that he is just biding his time, awaiting something important, and then what a dangerous time it will be.” 
“Are you trying to scare me?” Basha asked.
“You should be scared, Basha. You should be very much frightened,” the Old Man said, turning toward him. “Yet I hope that it shall never happen. I hope that things will change. The Dark Age still remains with us, so long as he is alive, and I hope it will end.” 
“I hope that, too,” Basha said as Talan moseyed along. He shook his head, wondering why the Old Man was trying to scare him like this, when Talan suddenly halted. Basha froze as well, wondering what had frightened his horse. Could the gelding have sensed his trepidation, or was it something else that had startled the animal? One of Doomba’s creatures and minions, maybe? 
For a moment, Basha thought back to the gruelmoff. Basha had not thought about it for years now and how the Old Man had defeated it.

Early one morning, when Basha was eight years old, he bounded ahead across a field while his older brother, Oaka, tried to catch up with him. “Stop, Basha, slow down!” Oaka cried, gasping as he scrambled over a log and around some thorny bushes near the edge of the field. “You don’t know what that thing is! It could be a rabbit for all you know!”
“It’s a gnome, I’m telling you, it’s a gnome!” Basha cried. “It’s a gnome…I said it thrice, that makes it right!” He laughed, but Oaka just rolled his eyes. The two boys were out on an adventure again. Over time, things changed, an inevitable part of life, but it was a fact that Basha and Oaka first learned on that day.
“Why do I put up with this?” Oaka asked.
“Because you’re my brother. Uncle Smidge said that gnomes probably still exist,” Basha said, continuing as they entered the forest. “I saw it walk on two back legs, and it had a strange head or face on it, but not a cap!” 
“What does that mean?” Oaka asked as they both slowed down, facing more obstacles like trees and tree roots in their paths.
“That means the stories are wrong on that account—gnomes don’t wear caps,” Basha said, panting as he stopped. “And it looked kind of like a mole, too, but stronger, not like a human.” 
Basha looked round at the forest that surrounded them. Trees cut off the sky with only patches of blue sky and sunlight streaming down through the canopy. The forest was unparalleled with its variety of shades, mostly of brown and green, but there was gray and white and black as well. Branches stuck down from the canopy and out from the bushes as well. Basha did not know why everyone was so afraid of this place. Even the adults were afraid to traverse through Mila Forest and travel far from Coe Baba. Their distrust had led them to believe that the whole world outside of Coe Baba was like this, full of shadows and obscurity. He loved the forest, though, and the mysteries it contained; it was the perfect place to hide away, since hardly anyone went there, and the last area he had not really explored in the vicinity of Coe Baba.
“You probably saw a mole,” Oaka muttered as he finally caught up with Basha.
“I did not. Where did it go?” 
“I don’t know what you saw, because I never saw it!” Oaka exclaimed, glancing around nervously as Basha stepped forward to look under rocks and at roots, searching for a hole the gnome must have used for its escape route. There had to be one somewhere; the gnome could not have just disappeared without a trace.
Oaka was probably afraid, not having spent much time in the forest, and having heard all of the horror stories of monsters hunting in the forest. “Uncle Smidge is wrong. He probably lied to you,” Oaka said. “I can’t believe I actually followed you out here. Now we’re probably lost.”
“We came from that direction,” Basha said, pointing behind Oaka. Perhaps Oaka had not really wanted to catch up with him, but instead had wanted to slow down enough so as not to get involved in whatever crazy scheme Basha had planned for him. Not that Basha had anything planned yet, but the day was early.
“It’s not about that!” Oaka cried. “You need protection from your own idiotic failings,” he said, shaking his head. 
“I am not an idiot,” Basha said, shaking own his head as he continued his search. The gnome did exist; Basha had seen it. Or at least he thought he had. Could he have been mistaken?
“You’re not an idiot per se, but what you do certainly makes you one. I should have been more careful. I should not have been so stupid as to follow you out here,” Oaka muttered, stopping as he turned away and looked up into the trees. “Basha, what is that thing?” he asked nervously, pointing up.
Basha followed his gaze and said, “I have no idea.” He shuddered.
In the branches of a tree a short distance away, a bird larger than any other bird they had ever seen before, six feet tall with its wingspan twice that or more, seemed to be sleeping, its head tucked into its chest and its wings folded up into its sides. It had the distinctive qualities of a vulture, with a curved, sharp beak, and a thin, pointed, balding black head rising backward, but its oblong body was too huge to be that of a vulture’s. 
“What is that?” Oaka asked.
“Oaka, hush,” Basha hissed at him, staring up into the tree again as the bird seemed to stir. When it settled down, he whispered, “Quietly” to his brother before stepping away. 
They had to get away from here. He was quite sure the bird was bad, or at least that it was a predator of some kind from the sharpness of the beak, and he wanted to be as far away from here as possible before it awoke. He did not know why; he just did. 
However, a twig seemed to snap beneath his foot, and the bird awoke, turning around to glare down at him with black, beady eyes like it could see right down through him to his very heart and soul. Basha was frozen, staring up at the bird spreading its wings wide and screeching, as dazed by its sheer size and monstrosity as a tiny mouse about to be snatched up and eaten. He did not know why he was so scared, so frozen, but he knew that the bird was coming after him, and he could not escape. 
“Run!” Oaka cried, pulling Basha toward the field outside of the forest. 
The two boys turned around to flee, though surely it was no use; the bird would snatch them up before they reached safety, if there was any safety left to them. Basha heard something rush out from the bushes behind him, and he turned his head back around to see the Old Man, who was tall in his demeanor yet short and stooped with age, facing the bird with a whip that seemed to be shaped from the tendrils of a willow tree. The whip’s tendrils whirled up into the air to snap at the bird, again and again. 
“Basha, go!” the Old Man yelped at the boy as the bird shielded itself from the blows. “Basha!” The bird screeched and launched itself at the Old Man.
Basha screamed as Oaka grabbed Basha’s hand. The Old Man wrapped his arms about the bird when it landed on top of him and wrestled it to the ground, apparently trying to twist and tie it up. Oaka dragged Basha out of the forest and into the field, and they raced toward the town of Coe Baba. Never had he imagined the Old Man able to do a thing like this, for the Old Man was, well, old, and only the strongest heroes were able to show such courage in the stories the Old Man told. The Old Man was not strong; the Old Man was too passive to do a thing like this. The Old Man was probably dead!
Basha cried, his steps slowing down, until finally they were forced to halt at the edge of town, both boys exhausted as they scrunched up underneath the overhanging roof of a building in an alleyway. They hoped that they could hide there for a while until they were able to run again.
“Basha, be quiet!” Oaka hissed, panting heavily.
“Oaka, did you see that?” Basha asked as they looked at each other. They stole glances toward the forest, anticipating pursuit.
“I rather wish I hadn’t,” Oaka said, “Oh, Tau, we could have been killed! That bird was no ordinary bird—it was a monster, like a gruelmoff.” 
“A gruelmoff? Do you suppose it was?” Basha asked, even more nervous now than he was before. But he was also excited. 
A gruelmoff was supposed to be one of the evil creatures that had fallen under the sway of Doomba, although it had been centuries since anyone had ever seen one of these creatures near Coe Baba. He had never read or heard a description of the gruelmoff as being vulture-like, but it made sense to him now that he thought about it. Such a gruesome creature had to be like a vulture in appearance. 
He and Oaka had seen a gruelmoff and survived. He could not believe it. It was something out of the legends the Old Man was always telling them about! The Old Man…Basha blanched, remembering what he had just seen. “We have to go back!” he cried.
“Go back? For what?” Oaka said. “Are you insane?”
“The Old Man!”
“The Old…What?” Oaka said, shaking his head. “No, no, he wasn’t there!”
“You are insane!” Basha exclaimed. “He was so, you saw him!” He was astonished that his brother was so willing to lie like this, to deny what he had just seen. 
“I don’t think so,” Oaka lied, shaking his head again. “I never saw…It was a blur. I was too busy running, and then I had to go back for you.” 
“Liar!” Basha yelped. Oaka couldn’t even lie very well! 
“Shut up! Least you can do is thank me for saving your life,” Oaka insisted.
“Thank you. Now can we go back?”
“No!” Oaka cried, glancing toward the forest. “I don’t think it’s after us. There’s been no sign of it since…Basha, let’s just forget about it.” 
“Forget about it?” Basha cried. “But what if it comes after us?”
“I would much rather forget about it than dream about it!” Oaka yelled at him. “The nightmares…” He shuddered, already dreading what he would see tonight when he went to bed.
“May you have nightmares!” Basha muttered. “You deserve them! We can’t forget about what just happened—that won’t help.” 
He was tempted to succumb to Oaka’s offer to just forget about the whole thing, but he could not forget it while he worried about the Old Man facing that thing. Basha could not believe this, for besides the fact that the Old Man was facing this vulture-like bird by himself, as far as he was aware, the Old Man never ventured out unless it was nighttime, and then only time to recite his stories to the children. He usually confined himself to his hut during the daytime. This was beyond the norm for Basha, and he wondered to himself, what had the Old Man been doing out there before they were attacked? 
“What can we do to help?” Oaka asked. 
“We have to warn the others of what we’ve seen,” Basha said, turning around to face the forest again. “It’s not much, but it’s the least we can do. We never should have left the Old Man alone in there,” he muttered. “We should have been there to help him. I hope he’s okay, facing that gruelmoff alone.” 
“He’s the Old Man—of course he will be okay!” Oaka said. “He’s tough, as old as the Popo Hills themselves—although I don’t think he was there.” He added the last part, remembering his lie. “Where are we?” Oaka asked, looking around.
Basha had not seen the Old Man’s face, but from his head raised up toward the bird and his long, stringy hair flowing down his back and sides like silvery-gray moss, the Old Man did seem to be as hard and leathery as the bark his skin most resembled. Perhaps…No, Oaka was wrong; the Old Man was weak, too weak to face a gruelmoff by himself. 
Coe Baba, especially in Basha’s youth, was tight and restrictive. The buildings were clumped close together, especially along Coe Baba’s main road, huddled for warmth, comfort, and security. The buildings looked much the same with hipped and gabled rooflines. Most buildings in Coe Baba were constructed with clapboard sliding on wood, an abundant and cheap material, although a few were half-timbered or even completely constructed of brick and stone. 
Brick and stone were expensive building materials when rock formations were hard to find in the general vicinity of Coe Baba. Some natural rock formations could be found by the river and creeks that flowed around Coe Baba, but these were barely more than pebbles or small stones, sediment brought down from the mountains and scattered about in a clumsy manner through the force of the currents. The proper stone or brick used for constructing houses had to be cut and transported by cart from distant quarries near the Popo Hills, hundreds of miles away. 
There were ancient standing stones outside of town that seemed to be man-made in terms of their cut and placement near the graveyard, arranged in patterns across the landscape with definite shapes, although it was hard to say just what these stones were intended for.
With such similar building materials and styles that varied little over time, it was hard to tell which part of town you were in, especially if you had just come in from the forest without any sense of direction in the first place. The only differences between certain parts of town were how close you were to the main street, the only street in town wide enough for three carts to be driven alongside each other, how shutters were painted, and the signs that hung over storefronts.
“By the blacksmith shop,” Basha said, spotting the anvil sign. “Near the town square…,” he said hesitatingly as he then realized why Oaka had asked. “You cannot be serious, not after what we have just been through!” 
“Ah, yes, near the town square,” Oaka said, smiling before he cleared his throat. “I suppose we’ll just have to join in, won’t we?” 
“Do we have to?” Basha asked beseechingly, wishing that he could just avoid it.
“Yes, of course, for the dignity of manhood!” Oaka cried before he added, “Besides, I would much rather get splattered with mud-ball turnip juice then let the girls get a hold of the square, and it will help us forget what just happened.” 
Oaka walked away from Basha as Basha glanced back, hoping that the Old Man might emerge, safe and sound, from the forest. But when there was no sign of movement, he followed after Oaka, disappointed that he did not get the chance to help.

He had forgotten all about the gruelmoff, in fact, after what happened with Jawen calling him a balnor, and his running off into the forest. And the Old Man had survived to tell the stories; he had not been killed by the vulture-like bird. Nothing had ever harmed him, and nothing ever would.
“Basha? Are you all right?” the Old Man asked, staring at him now with concern.
Basha shook his head. “Sorry, I was thinking about something else,” he said, troubled by his memories as he started to wonder if they were true or something he had made up in his own mind. The gruelmoff—how had the Old Man warded it off?
“Do you know how Coe Baba came to be?” the Old Man asked.
“Not really,” Basha said, not wanting to be distracted from his line of thought.
“Coe Baba was once Coe Bahealfisaba,” the Old Man said. “Coe Bahealfisaba is quite a mouthful to say, you know, so it was shortened after a while, especially when the Corricans came.”
“Please, Old Man, I don’t know if I want to hear all of this right now,” Basha said.
“When are you going to hear it from me again?” the Old Man asked. “When are you going to hear me speak again, after you leave?”
“Fine, please continue,” Basha said.
“Coe Bahealfisaba was first established many years ago, even before the rise of Arria, by farmers, groups of men and women, who, for some reason, decided to abandon their hunting-and-gathering lifestyle for a more sedentary lifestyle. Perhaps they considered the benefits of farming to outweigh the gains of hunting. In any case, they abandoned most of their wandering ways, except for some knowledge of forest lore and the need to hunt with bow and arrow or spear, for cultivating the land, planting seeds, and waiting for them to grow before harvesting the crop.”
Basha looked around at the fields that they were now passing. “So this is how towns were made, civilization?”
“Civilization is a difficult word to define,” the Old Man said. “Civilization could form from other different sources. Towns were made in a variety of ways, and for different purposes, but yes, this is a common one.”
“Old Man, were you here in those ancient days?” Basha asked jokingly.
“I was, and I wasn’t. ‘Coe’ meant city, cave, cove, and castle in the Old Language, a sheltered place where men could live safely. This developed because coves were often where men made their first settlements beside rivers, lakes, and oceans. These places could be more easily defended, and the people did not have to move as far, or as fast, as they once did, when they were more vulnerable to attacks as wanderers.”
“Is that true?” Basha asked.
The Old Man scoffed and then shook his head. “Not exactly true. However, Bahealfisaba in those early days was more vulnerable to attacks from raiders because it was such a big, fat, juicy target full of food, people who could be easily enslaved, and other valuable property. Bahealfisaba tried to defend itself, but these attacks were not thwarted until the town received help from some unannounced visitors.”
“Old Man, who were they?” 
“They washed up onto this shore, and they trekked through the forest, almost a jungle in those days, before reaching the town. They—”
“The Knights of Arria!” Basha exclaimed.
“The visitors defended the town after receiving help from the townspeople. Coe Bahealfisaba was the first place they had come to, so it made quite an impression on them, on what this land could be, or would be, like. Coe Bahealfisaba, for the most part, lost contact with these ‘strangers’ as they moved on, south and east, but Coe Bahealfisaba remained acquainted with several of them for many years.”
“Wow,” Basha said, looking around. Basha was amazed that the Old Man was telling him all of this in such a casual manner, as if the story might be true. Basha had never heard any of this before, and he was slightly taken aback, thinking that if it were true, then Coe Baba was far more important than he had ever realized. “So this is where the Knights of Arria landed?” 
“Might be, might not be; I do not know for certain, as I was not among them,” the Old Man said. “But I do know that Coe Baba is a powerful place, more powerful than you can realize, as Coe Baba was once the seat of an ancient throne, even before the Knights came here. All of this, all of the lands of Salarria, was divided up into small kingdoms, chiefdoms, and tribes before the Knights inadvertently united all of the lands into the nation-states that exist today. A hundred thousand kingdoms have been born and died on this continent throughout the centuries. The coes were cities and states of their own before they became a part of countries, and even now they retain some of their individual qualities, as they are so far apart from one another and cannot change the nature of their surroundings and what has been imprinted upon them.” 
“So cities are individuals?” Basha asked, a little glad now that the town council, the baron specifically, had chosen the Old Man to accompany him.
“Children understand this; children know the differences between Coe Anji and Coe Dobila, Coe Wana and Coe Baba, and so on,” the Old Man said. “You might learn this if you have to travel so far.”
Soon, Basha and the Old Man left the main road, which changed from gravel to dirt outside of the town proper, just as it turned toward the southeast. They passed by the graveyard, which the townspeople avoided as much as possible. The fenced-in area was small, but surrounding the cemetery were rocks for several acres. They stood up on their own, menhirs facing one another, or were piled up in structures. Henges circled round stone rows, with dolmens placed upon opposite ends. Faces were carved into the rocks.
People avoided this place as much as possible, as they feared the unknown by instinct. Basha, however, had learned to appreciate the stones. He came here at least once a year; it seemed to him some kind of meaning could be found in the stones.
The first time Basha had visited Kala’s grave, soon after he had learned the truth, he said, “Hello, M…Kala.” He squatted down in front of the gravestone, which had only Kala’s name engraved upon it, and held onto a flower. “I don’t really know what to say,” he said. “I suppose I should thank you for bringing me into this world.” He gulped, and continued, “And I’m sorry for whatever pain I might have caused you in leaving it. I suppose that about covers it, but Kala…I know that you loved me, and I want to thank you for everything that you have done for me. For bringing me to life, for bringing me here, to be born and raised in a place where I could be safe, and I love you, too, for being…my mother.” Basha kissed the flower and laid it on top of the grave. “Thank you, and I’m so sorry,” he had said, getting up again. 
He came back, year after year, and said pretty much the same thing, adding a few details as he spoke about his life to Kala, all the while staring at the menhirs in the distance. Now he wondered if he would ever get to visit her grave again.
Chapter Thirteen: Parting Words
Give us eyes so that we may see the beginning of
New things in this tired world, and let us see the
Return of our old ways. Let the darkness be lifted
From our eyes, and let the light shine through.
--Chant of the Worshippers of the Oracle of Mila

Creak, creak, warbled the rusty hinges of the sign of the Smiling Stallion Inn as it wobbled back and forth in the wind rustling through town in the early afternoon. Inside the inn, several people were gathered around tables and at the bar, mostly relatives of Geda and Habala, as they waited for news of Basha’s return.
At one table, a woman lowered her voice. “So I heard that Aunt Cecy—”
“In Coe Dobila?” a second woman asked.
“That’s right, she cursed her husband.”
“No! What did he do?” the second hissed.
“He cheated on her, of course.”
“I can’t believe Aunt Cecy, our very own aunt Cecy, has…Do you believe she really used magic?”
“I can’t believe it myself, but I have wondered…”
At the bar, Hermer and Morton were speaking softly with one another, Smidge nursing a drink quietly beside them. Hermer said, “So we’ll have to go into Pinal, and—” 
“What about Pakka?” Smidge asked, interrupting him. “Or Pakric, as they want to be called.” He rolled his eyes. “Pakric might mean ‘beauty,’ or something like that, but Pakka is still Pakka, desert.” 
“That’s settled down,” Hermer said. “They won’t be bothering us for a long while.”
“There’s still the Zariens,” Smidge muttered.
“But the desert people don’t go outside their own territory; everyone knows that,” Morton remarked. “We’re safe here in our own country.”
“Except for the hill bandits,” Smidge added.
“Right, which is why they’ve got to be stopped,” Hermer said. “I mean, they’re destroying our trade. If we can’t move things in between towns and cities within our own borders, how can we trade with other nations?”
“Or fight with them,” Smidge muttered sarcastically.
“Exactly,” Morton said, but then he stopped. “Wait a moment…,” he said, and the three fellows argued some more.
Other than these conversations, the common room was quiet. Inside the private quarters, however, an argument was mounting between Geda and Habala.
“Habala, you were always saying—”
“I didn’t say anything about him being—”
“You’ve always put him up on a pedestal, Habala, a pedestal! Just because his mother might have been—”
“I didn’t do or say anything like that!” Habala said, stamping her foot. “Basha is my son, but he’s no better than Oaka! They are equals!” she insisted. “You were the one who always said he was a balnor.”
“No, I didn’t! I swear—”
“You wanted Basha to leave! You wanted Oaka to have sole ownership of the inn, and so you pushed Basha into the militia, didn’t you, just so he would have a chance at the Border Guards, and leave us all behind!”
“It was better than what he would have gotten here!” Geda insisted.
Oaka sighed. He was wiping down the bar, and even though his parents’ argument was muffled by the wood interior of the inn, he knew that they still were at it, as they had been for the past hour or so. Things were tense, and he wanted to keep out of it.
“It doesn’t seem right,” Geda muttered a few moments after the first fight had settled down. “All of these fools coming over here from across the country, from across the world even, just to hear the rantings and ravings of some woman who claims to be the voice of the goddess Mila. It’s insane. And Basha is going to see her. Why would the town council leave all of the decision making power to a false oracle? I mean, why would a real oracle settle near Coe Baba in the first place?” he asked. “If I were on the town council—”
“Well, you aren’t on the town council because of your criminal history,” she said. “And what’s wrong with our town that a real oracle wouldn’t settle near it?” Habala asked as she glared at her husband. 
“Nothing, Habala, nothing.”
“I know that our town is not the best-regarded in the world, but I believe that it is one of the best in the world. I love our town, it’s…I’m proud to call Coe Baba my home. I’m proud to have been born and raised here, to raise my children here, and to be married to a man who comes from here as well. I was taught to be proud of Coe Baba, for being the place where the oracle chose to reside. This is a place where children are free to grow up, however they want, and call this place home forever,” she said. “I want to be buried here!” 
Geda stared at her. “Why don’t you go serve our guests?” 
Habala grumbled but she went. She was tired of arguing.
Oaka looked up as Habala strode into the common room. “Mother, can I just go outside, just for a minute?” 
Habala sighed. “Fine, Oaka, but be back soon.” 
Oaka slowly nodded, feeling like a child, and walked out from behind the bar, slipping past the tables and outside through the front door. He did not want to stay in there any longer, trapped between his mother and father, and wondering if Basha was leaving at the right time. 
He breathed in the light breeze. It was cool, as the Sna season had just passed, and he shielded himself from the wind as he walked along the main road. It was quieter than usual. He did not want to go, especially if it meant risking his life, but he did wonder if he was losing his chance, somehow. Especially as the militia tryouts had exploded.
He did want to live in Coe Baba, of course, with Sisila, and raise a family with her, but he shared his father’s wish of not wanting to be buried here. Coe Baba could bury you forever if you let it, and he did not want to live there forever.
Suddenly, he stopped as…“Sisila?” Oaka called.
Sisila looked up from where she had been walking down the street, with tears in her eyes, heading toward the Smiling Stallion Inn, and gasped. “Oh, Oaka!” she cried, rushing toward him.
They embraced in the middle of the road. “Why are you here?” they both asked a moment later.
“Sisila, why are you crying?” Oaka asked, facing her and wiping away some of her tears.
“I was coming to see you. I thought you might have gone to see the oracle, with Basha and the Old Man, but I hoped—”
“Don’t worry, Sisila, I won’t go,” he said, hugging her again.
“Oaka? What do you mean you won’t go?” Sisila asked, turning toward him.
“I won’t go. I told Basha that he was on his own. I love you, and I won’t leave you,” Oaka said, kissing her.
“Oaka, how can you say such a thing like that?” Sisila asked, pushing herself away from him.
“Sisila, why? You were the one who told me a week or two ago that we couldn’t support him for the rest of his life.”
“I meant in Coe Baba, I…Oaka, I’m sorry, I just can’t stand it. I hate it when you seem so heartless and cruel.”
“Heartless and cruel!” Oaka exclaimed. “Sisila!”
“It just seems like you’re abandoning Basha to his fate, to his death, and that’s worse. I’m sorry, Oaka.” Sisila said, looking away from him.
“It’s all his fault!” Oaka cried. “It’s all because of him that—”
“Yes, it’s true, all right? It’s true that Basha took a risk, and he was foolish, but we can’t just let him die. We have got to give him one last chance. One last chance to help him live.”
“But he will take that one last chance and drag me to the ends of the earth. He will not deny that he needs my help,” Oaka said.
“Oaka, I don’t want to lose you, but he is your brother and friend. And we are his family and friends. I am almost his sister-in-law now,” Sisila said. “Basha is not strong enough to survive this trip on his own, but with you by his side, together you both have a chance. Together you are both stronger than you ever could be apart. You can survive this journey with him.” Sisila looked down. “And you will always wonder, if you let him go on alone, if you will be to blame for his death. And I will always wonder if you are brave enough, strong enough, to survive the rigors of life without him. For you two have been together for such a long time that I cannot imagine what life would be like for you without him, and what it would be like for me as well.”
“Sisila, do you really think we can survive this trip?” Oaka wondered if he was strong enough to survive life without Basha. Perhaps, but not if he did not have Sisila either, if Sisila doubted him enough to leave him, then…He did not want to be left alone. 
“I know so,” Sisila said, kissing him again and again. “For in my heart of hearts, I know you two will survive, and you will return to me, safe and sound. And I will be waiting for you, Oaka, like I always do. And we will have a white wedding, with daisies and daffodils.”
“No orchids,” Oaka said in between kisses.
“Too exotic?” Sisila remarked.
“My Sisila, whatever did I do to deserve you?” he asked.
“You did a lot, Oaka, you did a lot,” she said, kissing him once more.
***
Hastin sat at home, staring out the window. He did not go anywhere near the town hall that day, not after what had happened to him at the Courtship ritual and at the militia tryouts, not to mention that day when Basha had first kissed Jawen. He had suffered enough humiliation already to last him a lifetime.
***
It was early afternoon when Basha and the Old Man reached the camp of the worshippers of the Oracle of Mila. They dismounted, tying up the animals to a tree and putting nosebags over their heads. “There are places in this world where shadow and spirit meet,” the Old Man said, as if he was quoting, “and in these places you will find an oracle or soothsayer of some kind.” 
“Is this all they do?” Basha asked, ignoring the Old Man as he looked around at the campfires scattered about the clearing, surrounded by dozens of people. “Wait around for the oracle to come visit?” 
“No, they are waiting to enter the Cave of Wonders,” the Old Man said, pointing to the rock formation on the other side of the clearing. “Just stick with me, Basha, and don’t get lost in here.” 
They set off across the clearing, Basha following close behind the Old Man as they pushed their way through the people. “Excuse me, pardon me, coming through …” the Old Man said to the people eating lunch, practically barging through some of their campsites as they exclaimed at his actions. “When you address the oracle, Basha, to ask her for your prophecy,” he said, looking back, “be sure to call her ‘O Great Oracle, all seeing and all knowing.’ That should do the trick,” he added, looking forward again. “Shows her some respect.”
As they approached the cave, a guard called, “You are supposed to wait with the others.” He stepped forward from where he stood beside a large table stacked with small sacks of food and money. Basha glanced back and noticed a few somber men dressed in priestly robes, collecting from the people who waited to see the oracle.
“Do you know who I am?” the Old Man said, raising his head.
“Good afternoon, Old Man, and welcome to the Cave of Wonders!” a priest cried, coming forward. “Let him pass,” the priest said to the guard.
“Oh,” the guard said, stepping aside to let the Old Man pass. He eyed Basha as he followed alongside.
“Old Man, have you been here before?” Basha whispered, wondering if he should remark upon the donations.
“Once or twice,” the Old Man muttered. “We have come for this young man’s future to be told,” he said louder, indicating Basha.
“Oh, another disciple!” the priest cried. 
Basha shirked from that label and looked down at the table, wondering if he would have to pay. “What an honor it is to be seeing the Oracle of Mila for the first time—”
“He will not pay,” the Old Man said. “The town council of Coe Baba will be taking care of any charge you levy against him.”
“Really? Well, he must be very important,” the priest said, eying Basha now. 
Basha squirmed under his stare, never one to favor close scrutiny, especially from such an unscrupulous-looking fellow. 
The priest gathered up paper, pen, and ink. “The town council hardly ever associates themselves with us,” the priest said. “I suppose we can drop the charge for now, seeing as how you have been a good friend to us in the past, Old Man, and this is an unusual case, I deem.” The priest glanced back at Basha, still curious about him, but then started toward the cave. 
“If you will follow me, please, Old Man and friend. Old Man, please grab a torch to bring along; I’m afraid everything would catch fire if I tried to hold a torch, with my hands so full!” The priest laughed nervously before turning back to enter the cave.
“This is strange,” Basha said, as the Old Man went to fetch a torch and light it at one of the cook fires.
“It gets stranger,” the Old Man said, following after the priest with Basha just behind.
The priest ambled down the dark and slanting tunnel as if it was a corridor in a fine palace, while Basha stared around at the deep-seated roots of the trees from above, almost fearful that these roots might reach out and grab him, especially with the way the priest was talking. 
“Please, do not approach the oracle within more than a few feet, she must have her space to think,” the priest told them as they continued. “Now, you may experience some strange sensations while the Oracle is speaking, and see things that are not normal, but do not panic. Try to remain calm. It is all a part of the process.”
“How can any of this be a part of some normal process?” Basha asked, gaping at the back of the priest’s head before a skittering bug climbing up a root made him flinch.
They stepped out of the mouth of the tunnel into a large cavern, their feet echoing in the void. They headed toward an assortment of stalagmites at the far end of the cave, where another light was burning, although faintly. Basha squinted in the meager light to see what was beyond the point of where the priest had stopped them. There was a rug laid out upon the floor, stretching from beside the foot of a brazier to the legs of a wooden stool. Crouched down upon the stool, with her hands gripping underneath the seat, the Oracle of Mila muttered to herself with the shades of the stalagmites concealing most of her features.
“I present to you the ancient Oracle of Mila, who perceives the course of future events,” the priest said. He settled himself upon the rug beside the brazier, spreading out his supplies in front of him.
Basha was able to see more as his eyes adjusted to the light. The person was covered with thick, fur-like black hair from the top of her head down to her shoulder blades and arms, with some along her legs as well. She wore a raggedy piece of clothing, not a proper dress or a suit of shirt and breeches, but something that covered her nakedness. It was as if the priests had tried to dress her, and she resisted all of their efforts except for the bare minimum. She was short, not even four feet tall from what he could judge, but rounder than an ordinary human with a barrel-shaped rib cage and a long torso for her size. But she definitely was a grown woman, not a child, he could tell. 
“This is the oracle?” Basha gasped. He had not expected much, as a matter of fact, beyond some strange woman, an ordinary human, who sat around telling fortunes to those who came to visit her. She was grotesque to him, in some strange way he could not identify, for being so unfamiliar and dissimilar to him.
“She has dwelled here within the Mila Forest, underneath the earth from which Popo rose up, since before humans came to settle this land!” the priest exclaimed excitedly.
“Excuse me,” the Old Man said.
“She is not human?” Basha cried. Her head was small, with a short, jutting forehead, an enlarged brow, a pointed nose, and a face that extended down to her mouth. She had no chin to speak of. She moved her head and shoulders a bit, agitated by their presence, but she did not move off of her chair.
He was shocked, for he did recognize something familiar to him in her form that made him think of her as human—one more ancient than him, perhaps, but human nonetheless. How could she not be human? She had the form!
“Well, not quite human,” the priest said as he picked out his favorite pen. “She is related to us, as far as we can tell, by some ancient ancestor, but she has diverged into some other state of development.” He looked up. “Notice the—”
“All right, all right, we can see,” the Old Man said, stopping the priest from explaining any more. “I just hope you were not going into that ape theory again.”
Her arms were different from his as well; Basha could tell that her upper arms didn’t seem to bend and twist as much as his did. Clutching her chair seemed to stretch them as far as they could. And her long collarbones matched a wide set of shoulders.
“Can she talk, and walk, like the rest of us?” Basha asked the priest, whispering now. He wondered if she could hear them. He squinted as she turned her narrow, elongated head, which stretched back to what appeared to be a bump on the back of her head, but it seemed natural enough.
The man fluttered some paper, muttering, “Ape theory; of course it is real. She can walk, but it is more bent over, and she has speech, but it is the Old Language she speaks.” He looked up at Basha, who was staring at him and at the oracle. Her legs were short, bowed, and bent a little bit to accommodate the roundness of her body, and her long feet resting on the limbs of the stool looked strong, as strong and robust as the rest of her.
“The Old Language. She has not learned to speak the Common Language yet.” The priest marveled, as if he still could not get over it, and explained, “She understands the Common Language well enough, but it is something she is unfamiliar with, since it came so late for her to learn it. She is not fluent. She has lived longer than any human, probably the Old Man as well, because she was discovered, after being isolated for however many millennia, by humans only three thousand years ago.” He laughed.
“Three thousand…” Basha gasped, astonished still. But then he shook his head. “But I need to know my future,” he said, “and how can I understand her, and she understand me, if we speak—”
“Don’t worry. I will translate her response and hand you the finished prophecy,” the priest told him. “I know the Old Language well enough to understand her.”
“It’s OK, Basha, it’s OK,” the Old Man said. “Speak to her, and she will understand you.”
Basha cleared his throat, a little uncertain about this. “I, Basha, wish to ask you, O Great Oracle, all seeing and all knowing…I wish to go on a quest to retrieve Tau’s Cup for a girl. Should I go?”
The figure paused in her mumbling and slanted her head as if listening to something as ephemeral as a breeze and as ethereal and eternal as the stars. The void around them seemed to pulse. Then the darkness was tinged with amethyst light streaking across their field of vision. 
Basha blinked, feeling dizzy as the oracle began to speak loudly with phrases that sounded almost like the Common Language he understood. The ancient words seemed so oblique when he tried to understand them. He was amazed the priest could keep up with translating them when her pace started to pick up. Yet the pen raced across the page, regurgitating the translation almost fast as she spoke it, and the light in the cave seemed to fluctuate with every word that she uttered, as if some distant fire down below, lit right underneath their feet, could hear and reflect what she was saying. And the light and the smoke from that distant fire danced to the sound of her voice. Finally, her words started to slow, like melted snow pooling after a winter storm, and then they stopped entirely as the light from the distant fire faded away, leaving only darkness.
Basha stood there, stunned. He realized he had been holding in his breath the whole time. Finally he let it all out, breathing in and out as he tried to regain some normalcy and recover all of his thoughts. 
That was the most gorgeous, awe-inspiring thing he had ever seen, and yet he wasn’t even sure it was real. The Old Man didn’t seem fazed by it one bit, and neither did the priest. He wondered if he had been the only one to see it. He tried to tell himself that it had been only an illusion or a hallucination of some kind as the priest finished writing down the Oracle’s words.
“She is done, and I have here the oracle’s prophecy,” the priest said, reading over everything he had just written to make sure that he had gotten it all right. “Hmm, this is interesting. Never have I seen such a prophecy. She has answered more than you asked, and what an answer.”
“Thank you very much,” the Old Man said, snatching the paper away from the priest. “Come on, Basha, let’s go.”
“Wait a moment,” Basha said as he heard a rattling sound. “Why is she chained?” No one answered, and so he asked again, “Why is she chained?”
“To prevent her from telling the whole truth,” the Old Man finally said. “For on that day, it is said that terrible things will happen, but that is none of your concern.” 
“It is not right,” Basha said, staring at the oracle. “Not right at all. She should be freed!” He tried to move toward the Oracle, perhaps to break her chains if he could, but the Old Man grabbed him and practically had to drag him out of there. 
“Let go of me!” Basha cried. The Old Man was trying to mislead, distract, and confuse him from the real truth of what was happening here, and elsewhere; what he needed to know. He needed to push himself away from Coe Baba, and away from the Old Man. The Old Man was stronger than he looked.
“There is no way to free her!” the Old Man told Basha as he led him along the tunnel, up to the…night sky? “If she is freed, then it will be doom for all those who wish to know more. But besides that, there is no way to break those chains.” They emerged into darkness. “Some have tried, those who were foolish enough, but no weapon forged by man can do that. Those chains were made with a metal that not only restricts her body, but her speech as well, that part of her speech that could make sense out of everything she sees, and tell, without restrictions, what will happen forever.” He led Basha off to the side, away from the rest of the camp. It seemed to be evening.
“What will happen then?” Basha asked, looking around, “And how did it get so dark so fast?”
“Never mind. The point is, nothing will happen, and it will be doom,” the Old Man said. “Here, Basha, here is your prophecy.” He handed over to Basha the paper that contained these words:
I, the Great Oracle, all seeing and all knowing, have found the answers you seek. You spoke rashly on the Rock, yet you have chosen your true destiny. As you wander, welcome strangers into your group, for friends you will have great need of in this journey. 
Travel southward through the forest, hills, and valley of this great country. Your path may change, but your goal must remain clear. Someone will try to hinder you and stop you using his powers over man and beast. 
He cannot see all, but he knows much about what is to come, and he will wait for you to come and meet him if you are not beaten. Seek not only the Cup, but seek also the Tigora’l in this quest; seek him, and know the truth. 
No more can I say, for I speak of only the beginning. But you will learn more at the river oh-so wide and long; learn the ending from my younger brother. Heed this, and give thanks to the gods.
Basha read it aloud by torchlight, for the Old Man’s ears as well as his, and then he murmured, “Thank you” softly, to whatever gods might be listening, before he asked the Old Man, “What am I to do now?” 
“Go, Basha! Go and fulfill your destiny! Is it not obvious?” the Old Man exclaimed.
“As long as Jawen is in it,” Basha said, weary of this day, “But what about this…Tigora’l? Should I beware of him, whoever he is?”
“What? Oh, yes, yes, uh…Be wary of any danger, Basha. Be wary of anything that seems threatening,” the Old Man said, trying to sound mysterious and looking around as if making sure no one was listening to them, just like Jawen did. 
“But strangers might become friends,” Basha added.
“Yet there is always the risk, my boy, that there are other things out there in this world who would wish to cause you harm, and might even kill you if you let them get too close. This Tigora’l—yes, he is the worst possible thing that any normal, sane man might meet.”
“I thought that was Doomba,” Basha said.
“He is even worse than Doomba,” the Old Man said. “Now come along, we have to show the oracle’s prophecy to the town council, and then we can get you ready for your trip. It will be nearly midnight by the time we get home.”
“Midnight?” Basha said. “But I thought…How long were we down there for?”
“Come on, come on!” the Old Man cried, and Basha bounded after him so as not to lose the light. “Never show that prophecy to anyone you cannot trust, for it is your prophecy, and very private and personal. It can be used against you,” the Old Man said as they left the camp of the worshippers and the Cave of Wonders far behind them.
Basha wondered how they had lost so much time.
***
They returned to Coe Baba with the prophecy just before midnight. Basha had wondered if they would encounter anyone waiting up for them, and he was surprised to find that most of the town seemed to have roused themselves from slumber when they heard the hooves clopping on the gravel road. The members of the town council that were present decided to reconvene immediately, instead of tomorrow morning, and read the oracle’s prophecy for themselves. As they entered the town hall, Basha paused and turned back to his parents. He hugged them as Oaka came up slowly behind them.
“Oh, Basha…” Habala said, wiping away her tears. “Is it—”
“I’m going, it seems,” he said.
“We’re going to miss you,” Geda said. “I do hope you take care of yourself.”
Habala huffed, inhaling one last time as if she was going to cry again, and Oaka said, “Don’t worry, Mother, he’ll be all right.” Oaka lifted his head. “I’m going with him.” 
Basha, Geda, and Habala all gasped as Basha said, “Oaka, are you sure? I mean, I was dreading going off on my own, but what about Mother and Father; what about Sisila?” 
“Oaka, don’t go—listen to him,” Geda insisted.
“You said you wouldn’t!” Habala cried. 
Basha looked at them, wondering why they seemed more upset at Oaka leaving, but perhaps it was the prospect of losing both of them and being left alone.
“No, I’ve decided,” Oaka declared. “I’m not going to let Basha go without…We’re as good as brothers, Basha. I couldn’t let you take on this risk by yourself.” He turned. “Mother, Father, I was being selfish earlier. Basha needs someone to look after him, and I will be coming back, I promise. Sisila understands. She will be proud to hear that I am doing this, and she knows that nothing could ever stop me from coming back.” 
Habala and Geda sighed, looked at each other, and slowly nodded as they feared they could not argue this out much longer without losing both of their boys anyway. Still, they dreaded the long walk back to the inn, followed by the days of preparation and then the day of farewell, after which they would be left alone, all by themselves in the back of the inn.
Basha and Oaka hugged, slapping each other on the back, and were joined by their parents before the town council members emerged from the town hall.
“We have decided to follow the oracle’s words,” the mayor said, glad that the baron and Lapo weren’t awake to take away his authority. He handed the paper back to Basha. “And we declare that Basha shall go on his quest to retrieve Tau’s Cup for Jawen, daughter of Lapo and Mawen, in order to fulfill his obligations of engagement for marriage. But we have an addendum to make,” the mayor declared before the crowd could get any more riled up. “Basha shall go with a volunteer.”
“I have volunteered,” Sir Nickleby said, stepping forward before Oaka could say anything.
The knight turned and bowed, facing the stunned innkeeper and his family. “I would be honored if you would let me do this,” he said. “For it would be my pleasure, and I would protect your son as if he were my own.”
Basha stared at the knight and then glanced up at his parents, a little bit thrilled at the prospect of traveling with his mentor. Habala and Geda glanced at each other, perhaps hoping that with this announcement…
“I still don’t trust him,” Oaka muttered to himself. There was no chance that he would change his mind on Sir Nickleby’s account; he was still going.
Iibala stood off to the side, frowning to herself. She had hoped her father would change his mind by the time he got here, but he was still set upon going with Basha. She hated him for that. She probably had not helped matters any when he had caught her packing up to follow after Basha herself. She would not let Basha go without some protection, she had told her father, especially if it was true that Oaka would be staying behind. Sir Nickleby had told her then that he would go to keep her away from Basha, knowing that she would not want to accompany her father on such a long, long trip. 
She hated her father for forcing her to stay behind, but there was, of course, another reason why he was going. She thought she knew what it was.
***
A few days later, Jawen woke up early one morning and stared at the sunlight peeking in through the shutters. She wished this day would not begin. This was the day that Basha would leave.
She got up, though, and dressed quickly in the dim light. She would have to hurry up or miss him. She slipped out of the bedroom she shared with Talia and went downstairs, checking to see if anyone was in the front hallway or in the parlor room, as she did not want anyone to see her leave. She then rushed off to join the small crowd of townspeople accompanying the two boys, already packed with everything that they needed and their two horses saddled, heading out toward the eastern outskirts of town, as they would say their final good-byes there. Basha and Oaka looked around, already saying good-bye to Coe Baba in their minds as they thought about how they had spent their childhood there—how they used to play over there, how they would ask for candy at that store…They got a little absent-minded and misty-eyed with such thoughts.
The party stopped near the fields on the eastern road that curved toward the south.  This was the end of town proper and the beginning of the wilderness. Oaka hugged his father and received a kiss on the cheek from him before he hugged his mother and kissed her on the lips. Basha hugged his father and kissed him on the cheek before he hugged his mother and received a kiss from her on the lips.
“My boys, my boys,” Habala wept as she tried to hold each of them tight.
“Father, keep our fiddle safe for us until we return,” Oaka said, trying to hold his feelings in.
“When you both get back, it’ll sound just as sweet as ever,” Geda said.
“Never fear, my boys, never fear!” Sir Nickleby called out as he joined them, riding up on his war stallion with his packs all squared away and his horse fit to go as well. “What a quest this will be, my boys, what a quest,” he said, smiling at the startled Basha and Oaka as his horse, slowed down from a gallop, tossed its head and pranced in place. 
 “Never fear that I shall not bring you two back, for I am Sir Nickleby, one of the greatest knights this land has ever known. I will take you two boys on a tour of this country, all the way down to Coe Pidaria, where we will pick up the Cup and bring it back home, just as simple as that.” He turned his horse around and faced the crowd of townspeople.
“Never fear!” Sir Nickleby cried, unsheathing his sword and raising it high into the air as his horse reared and everybody else stumbled back. “I will bring these two boys back and keep them safe along the way, for I am a knight of Arria!” he said, sheathing his sword as the horse landed on the ground. “They will return with many great stories, and nothing shall have gone wrong.” 
“Do you think he is trying to prove a point?” Oaka muttered to Basha.
“You could have stayed,” Basha retorted.
“I have my own reasons for going; what are his?” Oaka asked.
“Hello, Oaka.”
“Excuse me for one moment,” Oaka said, before traipsing off with Sisila.
“Oaka, I’m sorry for the way I acted the other day,” Sisila said, “but I still believe that you are doing the right thing. I know that things will be better this way.” 
“Sisila, I hope I can have your faith,” Oaka said, smiling half-heartedly. “I really hope.”
“Each day without you…I can’t begin to describe what it will be like,” Sisila murmured, looking up at him. “But I wrote a note to you,” she said, reaching into her pocket and handing a crumpled piece of paper over to him. “I’ve tried my best to describe how much you mean to me, and how I can’t bear to be apart from you. Yet our love is stronger than words,” she said. “I know you’ll come back to me.”
“Oh, Sisila, I wish I could give you something like this,” Oaka said, staring down at the piece of paper that he could not bear to open and read yet, his fingers rubbing up against it. “But I can tell you that I will return, and yes, we shall have a wonderful life together with lots of children and a happy home.” He smiled and hugged her again. “My dear Sisila,” he said hoarsely, kissing her.
Basha watched them from afar, biting his lips as he wished that he had not caused this. But he was an honorable young man, or tried to be at any rate, and he had learned from one of the best knights in Arria, and from one of the best storytellers in all the world, what it meant to be honorable, and he wanted to be just as courageous and courteous as the heroes he had read and heard about. But that was difficult, when being courageous and courteous—while it might lead to honor and glory—also meant being able to face up to your mistakes and to move forward in spite of them.
He heard someone approaching and turned around as he said, “Hello, Jawen.”
“You can’t do this to me, Basha,” Jawen cried, hugging him roughly. “I can’t believe this is really happening.” Basha felt slightly smothered. “You can’t do this to me, or to Oaka, or to anyone else here, for that matter. I won’t allow it,” she declared, pushing herself away to stare at him. “I won’t let you leave, and—”
“Is it not a little late for this?” Basha asked, slightly winded.
“I tried to deny it; I tried to think it wasn’t really happening, but Basha, why can’t you just stay here with me?” Jawen asked, sniffling as she approached him. “Why do you have to go at all?” 
“Jawen, I can’t help it!” he said, pulling away from her. He was trying to hold steady, but it was hard to resist her. “You know as well as I do that this is part of my oath to you!” 
“I will talk to my father, and whoever else protests, and we will just have something else settled and arranged here so you don’t have to go. You don’t have to fulfill your promise,” she said. 
“No, Jawen, I can’t, the oath…We’ve been through this before,” he said, moving away from her again. “The town council agreed this has to be done. It’s the only way we can get married,” he pointed out. “I mean, what if you can’t arrange something, and we lose each other just because I stayed?” 
In some ways, though, he wanted to go just as much as he wanted to stay, for tempted as he was by Jawen, he still had to fulfill the oath and the prophecy of the Oracle. He was curious about what it meant for him, what could be out there, this Tigora’l or whatever it was. “Seek not only the Cup, but seek also the Tigora’l in this quest. Seek him, and know the truth”: he could not forget those words. He had wanted to find out the truth ever since he was a young boy who found out his life was not what it had seemed to be. The truth had always mattered to him, far more than even he had realized, the knowledge that he needed to complete himself. He hated questions, puzzles, and riddles without answers, because they needed answers, and he could never supply the answer unless he knew it was correct. What he wanted was the truth, even more than he had ever wanted Jawen. He wondered if the Oracle was right, if she knew more than she said, or if this brother of hers might know the truth, possibly about himself.
“That would not happen,” Jawen said, interrupting his thoughts. “We can get another engagement made if that were the case.”
“No, Jawen, that would not be possible,” Basha said, turning to her. “Your father and the baron would just flash that broken promise in our faces and stop any other future engagement or wedding plans, saying that I cannot be trusted. No one would trust me for breaking my oath. I really would be a balnor to them then.” He sighed, fuming at the thought. “You would not love me then, and I would not be able to live with myself.” 
“Basha, that’s not true!” she insisted.
“I am this close to being that sort of a person already,” he declared. “I do not want to be known as the man who did not go on his quest and face all of those people who know that I failed before I even tried.”
“We don’t care what they have to say, Basha,” Jawen said.
He stopped and stared at her. “I have thought of it, Jawen, in the dead of night, being the sort of person the townspeople look down upon in shame, disgraced by them. I have thought of what it would be like, and it would be much worse than what it is now.” He lowered his head in defeat. “You would not want that shell of a man,” he said.
“Oh, Basha, you’re leaving me here forever, and I won’t allow it!” 
“I want to fulfill my promise to you,” Basha said. “I am going out on this quest for you to be a better man, worthy of your affection. You deserve and would better love a whole man. I will be back,” he told her. “This is not the end; it is only the beginning of our romance. You mean more to me than anyone else on earth, I swear; you mean more to me than the Cup!”
“Stop it, enough promises!” Jawen cried. “This is not what I wanted; this is never what I wanted!” She rushed to embrace him and whispered, “I don’t want the Cup; I want you, Basha, I want you.” She kissed him.
“This is who I am, Jawen, and this is what I am doing for you,” he whispered and kissed her tenderly on the lips. “I love you too, Jawen. And I’m sorry for this, but it’s what I have to do. Please forgive me,” he said, pushing himself away from her.
“I forgive you, but I don’t think I can ever forgive myself,” she whispered.
“You’re not to blame, Jawen; you’re not to blame,” Basha said, sighing. He was as much to blame here. “Good-bye,” he said, letting her go.
“I love you too,” Jawen said, watching him turn and walk away.
He mounted Talan. Oaka was already seated on Joko. And then Sir Nickleby waved good-bye and flicked the reins of his war stallion. The animal set off, followed by Joko and Talan, and the townspeople crowded together on the road, waving farewell to the boys. Basha and Oaka glanced back, the faces of the people they had known all their lives dimming, even Jawen and Sisila, until the figures were mere pinpoints in the scenery. 
They passed by the graveyard with the standing stones. The trees started to thicken beyond that.
“Well, boys, it’s just us now,” Sir Nickleby said.
Basha and Oaka glanced at each other. “Is this going to be a long trip?” Oaka asked.
“I think it’s a couple hundred, or maybe a thousand, miles,” Basha said.
Oaka sighed. “Well, it’s a long way to go.”
“And a long, long way to get there.”
The boys started to sing, “It’s a long way to go, and a long, long way to get there; it’s a long way to go, and a long, long way to get there…” to stop themselves from crying as they rode along.
***
Sometimes, when worlds fall apart, we just keep moving on. The Old Man paused, staring down at the parchment. He rubbed his eyes and then gazed up at the wall before him in his hut at the edge of town. He had thought much about this, especially in the long hours he had to himself. Worlds were built up over the centuries and then torn apart, and then built up again somewhere else before they, too, were torn apart; it just went on and on this way. Yet he still continued, and so did the people who lived and died this way. They continued on because they knew nothing else. Everything fell apart, and everything was built up again. That was life. There was nothing else for them to compare it to.
“Good morning, Father,” Nisa said, entering the hut.
“Nisa, are you going?” the Old Man asked, looking up.
She nodded. “I have packed and said good-bye to Mother. We have an arrangement. She will keep up the pretense that I am sick for as long as she can, and then, in about a week or so, she will announce that I am visiting a cousin of ours in the woods. I will not be missed for at least a month.”
The Old Man nodded. “You are very well organized.”
“I learned from the best,” Nisa said.
“Take care of yourself, won’t you?” the Old Man asked. “You’re not as immortal as I am.”
“I know that very well, Father,” Nisa said, coming forward to kiss him good-bye.
“‘When the children of Za and Wan set forth out into the world,’” the Old Man recited, remembering the prose from The Legends of Arria, “‘leaving home forever to spread, the couple tried to restrain them, to have at least one stay, but they were eager to leave and stray.’”
“A morbid thing to think,” Nisa said. “I remember the song ‘Twenty-nine, twenty-nine, children Za and Wan had, twenty-nine, twenty-nine, children, till fifteen of them left. They went up, up, they went up, up, to the sky on the mountain. They went up, up, they went up, up to the sky on the mountain…’”
“That won’t happen, not as long as you stay safe. And you keep the others safe as well,” the Old Man added.
“I will do that, Father,” she said. “By the way, what would have happened if Basha had not asked for Jawen with Tau’s Cup?”
“He would have asked for her, most likely. Maybe not promising her the Cup, if he did not remember it in time, but that would have been doubtful,” the Old Man said. “He had enough trouble already, and the Cup was his way out of it, an excuse if you will. Though we created the possibility of the Cup in his mind and narrowed the choices that he thought he had, positioning him with Iibala just when he needed to be with Jawen.”
Nisa liked listening to her father speak, even if it was on a slightly disturbing subject.
“If Jawen had said no, to him and the Cup or even just to him, then he would have decided to leave Coe Baba eventually on his own,” the Old Man said. “If he had asked for her without promising her the Cup, and she had said yes, then we would have had more problems trying to get him to leave, but eventually he would have. And then Iibala…If he had proposed to Iibala the other night, Cup or no Cup, she most likely would have said yes, and they might have gone off together.”
Nisa shook her head. “You certainly think these things through.”
“It is my job; I try my best.” He kissed her on the cheek. 
“Should we worry about Iibala?” Nisa asked again.
The Old Man sighed. “I told you, Iibala is not someone we should worry about. We should think, or at least I should think, that she might be useful.”
“All right, Father, just as long as you’re careful,” Nisa said.
“Now go, Nisa, and be a good girl.”
“Good-bye, Father,” she said, picking up her bag and leaving.
“Good-bye, Nisa,” he said, watching her go. He sighed and turned away, walking back to his desk to continue writing.
Part Three: The Secret Guardian
Chapter Fourteen: Thrallpolis
You ask me to believe in you, my love,
And I do, but I believe in many things,
And strange things are happening, so that
I believe the world is coming to an end anyway.
--Love song, Kiwata

Many years ago
The Servant, hunched close to the floor, slinked along with absence trailing in its wake. Its ears quivered as it lifted its head, gazing across the expanse of the room. Nothing filled the room that stretched toward the farthest corners of infinity, except for one lone chair and its occupant, sitting among the shadows.
That occupant was a man, discernible as such by his large human frame. He wore a mask of marble and clay that obscured his face. The mask looked to be taken off of a statue or bust and conveyed the stoic expression of a nobleman or statesman whose firm chin, aquiline nose, alabaster eyes, prominent forehead, and chiseled cheeks marked him as worthy of the laurels placed upon his head. The mask floated in front of his head, not fixed to anything.
The shadows crept about him. Shades of black and gray, no light or white were allowed within them. Even though ordinary shadows are cast by light, a reflection of the object or person before the radiance of the sun or another source of illumination, the shadows here were made without sunlight. The shadows were cast by this person alone, independent of him and yet dependent upon him as well. The shadows were deeper than the darkness that surrounded them.
The rest of him, or what little was left of him visible beyond the shadows and mask, was carved skin and bone, charred, stripped, scarred, and broken beyond recognition of humanity after years of violence. His name was Doomba.
“Sire, I have a messenger for you,” the Servant said, bowing as it lifted a front leg, its front paw shaped somewhat like a hand.
“Who dares to disturb me?” Doomba asked. The mouth of the mask was slightly ajar, as were the holes for the nose and gaps for the ear canals and pupils, so that he could see, hear, speak, breathe, and smell. But nothing was visible from his real face except for a glimmer of light at the center of the alabaster eyes—the gap for his pupils—which allowed light in and reflected it back, the center of a black hole in marble space surrounded by darkest shadows that would swallow up a person whole.
“The messenger comes from Lord Crow,” the Servant, a gringok, said. The gringoks were among the last Servants to be made. The gringok had a small face shaped like an inverted triangle, its gray, wrinkled skin covered with sparse patches of bristly yellow fur. It could stand, slightly hunched over, for a brief period of time, though normally it walked on all fours with its back slightly humped. Its orange eyes were fashioned to filter out the shadowy images surrounding Doomba, and even the mask itself, so that it could see Doomba truly to the depths of his being. It was perhaps the only creature able to do so.
“To see you, sire, is truly woe!” the gringoks would on occasion say.
The shadows that surrounded Doomba occasionally took on different shapes and showed him images from faraway whenever he was so inclined to view the rest of the world. The shadows, upon mention of Lord Crow, started to change in such a way, showing him a castle, among other things, as Doomba considered Lord Crow. The glimmer in his eyes flickered.
“Lord Crow? The one who…” Doomba sighed to himself. “Show him in.”
The gringok bowed its head and scampered off, moving with small pounces across the floor and out of the room. Doomba considered Lord Crow a promising young man with wealth and intelligence who would prove to be of much use to the organization of the Followers of Doomba. The Followers of Doomba were not the same as Servants of Doomba. The Servants were creatures made by Doomba to obey him. They were his creations; he had given them life and just as easily could take that life away from them. But the Followers were humans who had chosen to follow Doomba and could easily disobey him if they so chose. 
However, the Followers were important, for humans could do so many things that the Servants were not capable of, namely infiltrate the highest levels of power in human society. A Servant would be killed on the spot, easily recognized as one of Doomba’s creatures, but humans, however, could not perceive deception and betrayal among their own kind so easily—until it was too late. 
Besides, Doomba had once been fully human, and he could still feel some sentiment of human emotion and humanity within him. It was very little, but it understood what humans were capable of achieving on their own, and so he let the Followers perform his tasks without binding them to his will forever. He would, on occasion, make them obey him, just to give them a little nudge in the right direction, but it was not binding.
Doomba sat upon his throne made of stone, yet it could have been upholstered with fabrics into a cushiony armchair. The room transformed into a private study with a roaring fireplace and bookcases full of moldy old tomes. The shadows swerved and swiveled about him, filling the room as the transformation took place.
A few moments later, the messenger walked in and looked around, stunned as his mind tried to come to grips with the vision of a homely private study and his certainty that it was all wrong. He did not dare to look at Doomba just yet. He had spent the last twelve days traveling here through seas of marshes, craggy rock plains, and near-volcanic fields of brimstone, where water had bubbled up in stormy clouds. 
He had avoided all of these dangers and encountered strange creatures that he felt—no, he had known that they would have torn him apart if they felt so inclined, but now—he was on the brink of insanity, about to laugh until his head exploded at this incongruence. Peering about a room that reminded him so much of home in some way, even though he had just walked into a castle of dilapidated ruin, the squalor of grotesque wealth, ill-gotten from years of violence…He could not believe it.
“Please, sit down,” Doomba said.
The messenger looked to his left and saw a chair that he had not noticed before, even though he had looked all around the room. He quickly sat down, though, knowing that he should not try Doomba’s patience with his bewilderment. “The Tiger Prophecy—” the messenger began, looking up at Doomba’s mask.
“The Thrallpolis?” the gringok said from behind the messenger.
“No, the Tiger Prophecy,” the messenger said again, trying to regain his composure, “written by Wintha the Wanderer in—” 
“The Thrallpolis!” the Servant exclaimed again.
“Quiet, gringrok!” Doomba yelled. “Go away. Continue,” he said, turning to the messenger now as the Servant left.
The messenger could see the glimmer of light in Doomba’s mask, and he felt comforted somehow, as if all of his surroundings were somehow normal, and there was no need for alarm. “Right, well, the Tiger Prophecy is true. Lord Crow consulted with the Oracle of the Tau Valley,” the messenger said. “He asked her, or him, depending, several questions about you and your future. The Oracle confirmed some of the details, that there is a child born out of shame, whose mother—”
“Enough, enough,” Doomba said, standing up and pacing even though the messenger could swear, out of the corner of his eye, that Doomba had barely moved at all. “We have heard all of this before. We must decide how to act. Has Lord Crow done anything at all to stop it from happening?” 
“He has been studying the book, trying to determine the precise nature of the tiger.”
“No, no, that won’t work at all,” Doomba said, shaking his head with his mask swiveling about as well. “The book is just a map, a blueprint to where this will all go unless we stop it. How soon can we expect the—”
“The timing is not right. As far as we know. The book is vague in some instances but too specific in others.” The messenger hesitated, just then realizing that he had interrupted Doomba, of all people, and that he had to now come up with an explanation for what he could not truly understand. “The book, it describes the life-story of this person, or multiple persons, but nothing else. It’s not like a history of the region or reign where all of this will take place in. Lord Crow says—”
“We know it’s in Arria,” Doomba said firmly, interrupting the messenger again. “Or at least we think it’s in Arria.” Doomba sighed. Did Doomba just sigh? That was odd—the messenger never would have imagined that Doomba would ever sigh. “It’s bound to be in Arria, one way or another, as the Wanderer was always attached to this country. The Oracle of Tau…I do not trust the Oracle. Tau has never been a friend of mine.” 
“What can we expect? Sire?” the messenger asked as Doomba turned to him. Doomba seemed so close to being human to him right then that the messenger could not believe that he was actually acting familiar, if not friendly, with Doomba himself.
“We can expect nothing more than what we have already been told,” Doomba said. “But I see that something is stirring here. Something dangerous to our whole enterprise. I would not be surprised if this is what will challenge me.” 
“Sire, I hope you will not think me too rude, too…abrupt to say that I trust you, and I hope that you will survive this.” 
“Thank you. Thank you, that is…very comforting.” Doomba groaned. This was getting stranger and stranger to the messenger. “You will have to excuse me if I do not seem too eager to appreciate your sentiment, but…What is your name?”
“Cannon, sire,” the messenger said, proud to be speaking to Doomba like this.
“Cannon, excellent name. Reasonable man, in my opinion. What have you to say about this Tiger Prophecy?”
“The Tiger Prophecy…” Cannon hesitated, realizing that Doomba was starting to appreciate his opinion, and he had to be careful not to disappoint. “The Tiger Prophecy is not valid, in my opinion. I do not see how the circumstances can permit such a thing to happen, to…What?” Cannon asked, seeing Doomba staring at him.
“You seem to remind me of another young man who thought he knew how things went,” Doomba said, toying with an astrolabe that he had placed upon the table beside his chair that did not seem to exist, but did. “He had dreams, ideas of his own, I suppose, but they did not really last very long,” Doomba continued, mesmerizing Cannon. “He had been a part of something very important but struck out on his own, deciding that he would make his own way, as you might say. He had a vision of what the world might be like, if things were to change, but then his dreams and ideas were dashed, you might say, and he was left on his own to fend for himself.” 
“What happened?” Cannon asked, astonished.
“What do you think?” Doomba said, turning to him. The shadows coiled tighter about him as if poised to strike.
“I’m sorry, sire,” Cannon said, shrinking down as he realized that Doomba had shared too much of himself to Cannon, and Cannon was a threat now.
“Don’t be,” Doomba said soothingly as he turned toward the messenger. “You remind me of that young man, and I think you want more out of life, don’t you?”
“Maybe,” Cannon said. He thought he saw Doomba coming toward him, yet he could not move, could not even turn. He was stuck here, waiting.
“Too bad,” Doomba said, scooping up a shadow from the wall and wrapping it around Cannon. “You have a life, I suppose, but you aren’t living it well enough.” The shadow squeezed Cannon. “I suppose I should take a bite out of it and give you the pleasure of knowing that you have served your master,” Doomba hissed.
Cannon could not remember what happened next very well. He did not know how it might appear to anyone watching, how the shadow wrapped around him inhaled along with Doomba and sucked something out of Cannon, out of his mouth and nose like air, but it was something more than air. The years drained away from Cannon. 
Cannon was choking and sputtering, trying to fight the shadow off of him. But the shadow just tightened its hold and would not break from him. He could not even touch the shadow made out of smoke and illusion. Finally he let go of his life and hoped for the best. The glimmer of light from Doomba’s eyes shone upon him, and he concentrated on that.
After what seemed like an eternity, but was probably only a few minutes, Doomba’s shadow let go of Cannon. Cannon dropped to the floor, gasping for breath. He was alive. The illusion was over.
The throne room was just a throne room, not a plush study. Cannon looked around and saw the shadows surrounding Doomba, who was sitting alone, with just his throne and these shadows for company. Cannon got up slowly and backed out of the throne room, careful not to take his eyes off of Doomba as he knew now why no one ever turned their backs on kings.
“You forget your place,” Doomba told him. The glimmer was gone, a reflection of light, perhaps from Cannon. “Tell Lord Crow that he should work faster on solving this problem, or else find us a solution that will satisfy us both. I will not rest until the tiger is dead—or beaten before it has a chance to rear its ugly head.”
You have an ugly face, Cannon thought to himself, but he dared not voice his opinion out loud. “Yes, sir,” Cannon said, bowing as the doors were closed in front of him. 
He turned around and left Doomba’s castle. It would be many days before he would muster the courage to look at his face, frozen into a semblance of what it looked like several years ago, when he was younger, yet there were already white hairs on his head. Cannon was stuck on the boundary between youth and old age, years taken away from him from both his past and his future. He would not age, deteriorate any further, nor would he become younger again. He was just stuck in between for now, and it would be a while before any of that ever changed. The light in Cannon’s eyes dimmed and then grew as he got an idea, one that gave him new hope for the future. 
Arria, a land of rocky shores, myths and legends, mist and magic, mystery and music.
Arria, a song that is both familiar and unfamiliar. It bears you to the surface and moves you to the depths of your being as the woman stands alone at the center of the stage, singing her heart out to you for one brief, yet long moment in the middle of the chaos that is the opera of life.
Tides and time are passing by. I hear them singing in between worlds, what sounds like a melody of sweet lullabies, promising love songs, rousing carols, and sacred hymns. Processional marches of celebration and joy, they sing ballads and liturgies for the dead.
Arria is a land of dark forests and lush valleys. To explore them is to know the length and breadth of Arria, for to know her is to know just who you are, where you come from, and who you are meant to be, for Arria is in between the realms of past, present, and future, in between the realms of legend, fantasy, and reality. 
Arria means “earth,” Mother Earth, as the earth gave birth to us. 
She sings to you of her sorrows and of her joys in a language that you don’t even understand, yet you know the feeling all too well, for you have lived it. The past was something that she regretted and hated, for the sorrows and joys of her life were out of balance.
Arria is a nation of humanity, for good or for evil, yet a legend in and of itself. All humans must face the music, and learn who they are, and this is one of those stories: the story of Arria, and of some of her people who lived there.
Choirs and choruses, triumphant marchers, deadened mourners, or worshippers, they are all woeful and burdened, glad and joyful, and they all come together to sing…
Sing away, sing away,
Mothers of the Za Desert,
Sing away, sing away,
For your baby to sleep.
Her voice lilting across time and space, she reaches you, listening intently to find the meaning of her story behind the song. With all of its heroics and tragedies, it is the opera of her life story for that brief bright shining moment before she fades away.
We shall begin.
I am thirteen years old today, and I want to write of my life so far. These words (“Arria is a land of rocky shores, myths and legends, mist and magic, mystery and music …”) are not my own, but are the Old Man’s words, except for the song, (“Sing away, sing away, Mothers of the Za Desert…”), which is a Zarien lullaby.
My name is Nisa, and I am a protégée. That is a fancy way of saying that you are a student, studying to replace a master. In this case, the master is the Old Man, and he is a master of mystery, words, and…I want to say music, but he does not actually sing. He just mutters, making up words to the song, and he does not play a real instrument either. 
He does play with people, though. 
I am one of those people, one of those many people he has played with over the years, sneaking by us and fooling us into thinking that he’s just some harmless old storyteller, but he’s not, not really. I first noticed him when I was young, probably seven years old.
He is sort of hard to spot when he does not want to be seen, but he is everywhere and nowhere at the same time. So, eventually, when I was able to concentrate hard enough, I spied him standing up in a tree or crouching down low, close to the ground, in a bush. Sometimes he goes into town, slinking along alleyways, or hiding in the corner of the common room at the local inn. 
He listens and he watches, that’s what he does, morning, afternoon, and night, except for when he is telling stories to the children. I was one of them, until I decided to seek him out and ask if I could become just like him.
The Old Man stared at me. “Are you sure that…Nisa, is that your name?” 
“Yes, and my mother is called Brigga,” I told him. “You might remember her,” I added.
“Of course I do. I remember every girl and boy who ever sat at the fireside,” he said, clearing his throat.
“That’s a lot of people,” I said. “And they all grew up and died, while you stayed the same, and more people came…That’s a lot of people,” I said, looking up at him.
“Go away. Go back to your mother, and tell her nothing about me,” the Old Man said, looking away. “I don’t know why you would ever want to be like me. Nobody should ever go through what I went through. Now be a good girl, Nisa.”
“If I can’t be like you, then why can’t you just teach me something about what you know?” I asked.
“I can’t do that,” the Old Man said, shaking his head. “Why can’t you just listen to the stories? It’s all there anyway, everything you need to know, and everything I learned that cannot be taught,” he said.
“Teach me how to sneak around and not be seen,” I said. “Teach me that much, and I promise I won’t ever bother you again.”
So he did. And he saw how good of a job I did, blending in with my surroundings, that he decided to teach me a little bit more. And more. Until, at last, I knew him, and his tricks, better than anybody else did.
And then my mother found out that I was spending time with the Old Man. And she brought me to him.
“Did you think that you could get away with it?” she asked him, pushing me forward.
“What are you—?”
“Taking our daughter away from me?” she exclaimed, and then she covered up her mouth as she realized what she had just revealed to me.
I gasped, looking up at her. She…and the Old Man had been…“You’re my father?” I said to him.
“I thought as much,” he said, gazing at Brigga. “I did not know for certain, though.”
“You should have realized that after…” Brigga shook her head. “Never mind, what are you doing with her?”
“I was only trying to teach her what she wanted to learn from me,” he said, adding, “She came to me first. I told her nothing of what I suspected.” 
“You should have told me!” I said.
“I did not want you to get excited and attached to me,” he said, gazing down at me. “I am the Old Man; I do not raise families,” he said. “I’m sorry, but that’s just the way I am. I am not the type of person you get close to.”
“Maybe Nisa should,” my mother said, gazing at him. “Maybe Nisa should get to know her father.”
“What are…Don’t you think you can…” the Old Man cried, startled.
“I am her mother, and you are her father,” Brigga said. “We should acknowledge that, Old Man. She might not have everything you have, especially in terms of longevity”—my mother took a breath—“when she seems to age just like every other ordinary child. But I think she should understand just what might lie in store for her.” She nodded. “You take care of her, Old Man, just for a little while.”
And so he did, for a little while. But a little while got stretched out longer than I thought it would, as I saw him almost every day. And I got involved with him, and what he had to deal with, and, more than anyone else living here today in Coe Baba, I understood him. And that was how I got involved with this story, with this adventure that he led me into.
I am played by him, and I get to understand the mystery.
Chapter Fifteen: Mother
Popo, the mountain god, pleaded with Loqwa,
God of death, for Mila the forest goddess’s life.
“You must make it snow, Popo,” Loqwa said.
“You must make it snow every few months…”
—The Legends of Arria

A lone young woman rode her horse through the forest at a canter, not so fast and not so slow. Time was of the essence, but she did not want to break her neck. Sitting high up in the saddle and holding on to the reins as best she could with trembling hands, she looked straight ahead, daring to hope that her final goal lay before her, and she would not stop now, not for a little pain. Her plans, such as they were, had been put in motion a long time before now.
Her horse plodded along in its tired old way, not even trying to speed along except at her urging, for she would not rest, and neither would she allow the animal to rest until they had made it to the town. They had come a long way, and they were so close to the end of it all now, that she would not…Suddenly, she halted her horse. Stillness reigned in the forest, either from hibernation or migration, yet she looked about, shivering as she sensed that something was near.
Silence. A flurry of snowflakes whirled and hurtled through the air, only to land softly on the ground as they soon faded into mush. Yet something was wrong, and it was coming for her. She could not shake this feeling. Perhaps she was wrong, but the snowfall obscured even further her sight, and darkness prevailed in the coming of evening with the long, skeletal branches of deciduous trees reaching up toward the late-afternoon sky. Bedraggled evergreens lumped closely together blocked her view of her surroundings. 
She had not known before she entered this forest that so many trees could make her feel trapped. The forest, which was the largest in the country and covered almost a quarter of it, was named after the first goddess, Mila. Mila, who had walked out of the ocean and onto dry land after dropping from the sky with her three brother gods. She shuddered at the thought of Mila, the forest goddess, who had burned in the grip of Menthar, the fire god. No woman she knew was comfortable with that story, even though some women tried to reassure themselves that it was just a story of life renewing itself even after death. Yes, and some men took the story too seriously, deriving a sort of sick pleasure out of it. They blamed what had happened on Mila instead of Menthar, taking Menthar’s side, but Menthar was to blame; the young woman was sure of this. 
Her eyes roved about but all she could see were trees, nothing else in sight. Yet she knew that something was…A whoosh upon the wind announced its coming arrival. She jerked the horse and moved her head. An arrow thudded right into the spot where her head would have been, into the tree beside her. If she had not moved her head, she would have been killed. 
The horse shied away from the sudden noise. She flicked the reins, urging the beast to go on with her shoes rapping up against its sides. No, no, no, no, she thought, not now. She could not hide, she could only run. Her horse took off, and she tried her best to steer its course, though it was hard to maneuver. Zigzagging back and forth was her only option. Arrow after arrow narrowly missed her. She could not escape. Sooner or later, she knew that she would be found. She had known this a long while, and yet she had hoped that it might change, that she might be allowed to escape. Yes, that was a laugh—why had she ever expected anything less than this? It had been a long time coming, and a long way that she had traveled to get here, yet it was not that far from where she had started. She hated that thought.
Whoever was pursuing her must be on foot, she realized, and it had to be a man from what she had experienced so far. That gave her an idea.
One small blackbird flew high overhead, rising and falling on the few thermals. Searching for sustenance, the blackbird descended until the stillness was disturbed by the sound of horse hooves galloping loudly and heavily upon the hard, frozen surface that was still faintly visible to the horse’s rider as a dirt road. Startled by the noise, the little blackbird rose up once more, to a height where it seemed to disappear. 
***
Down on the ground, the hunter pursued her. He had been at it for a long time. He had been ordered to do so by his master, and while it had been an odd request, he had acquiesced to the task, inquiring only as to what direction she might take. 
His master had consulted a book. “North, as far north as she can get,” he had said. “Try somewhere near Coe Aela.” The master had stood up and paced around a little bit. “Then go farther north if that is required. But be aware that she must be killed—whatever the cost, she must be dead,” he emphasized. “And be sure to stab her belly as an extra precaution.” 
The hunter did not question him. He had gone to Coe Aela as ordered and found a trace of her there. He then had continued northward, traveling toward Coe Baba, as he had learned that Coe Baba was the farthest one could go without hitting the Black Ocean. He traveled swiftly through the Mila Forest on foot, as he thought that his horse would scare her and alert her to pursuit. He never worried about any trouble. He was the hunter, and she was his prey. She would not get away from him. He had not expected to find her so soon, though, for it appeared as if she was just arriving in Coe Baba. In fact, he had expected to find her here already living comfortably and at ease without any awareness of him coming after her. It was better for her to be settled, after all, than to be on the move in her advanced condition; she had to know this. What had delayed her coming here?
Nevertheless, after finding her now, however, he was disappointed at having missed her again with his bow, his weapon of choice. After all, he could get the advantage on her in terms of distance, and he could fire at her without her having any option in avoiding him, or very little option. But he had misjudged the distance, miscalculated where she would have been, and his trajectory was off before he had even fired. Now he had lost the element of surprise. His sense of aim was off because of all this snowfall, blurring his vision and getting in his way, and the trees were blocking his angle. He could not see as well in the Mila Forest as he could out on the plains. 
He wandered through the forest, arrow notched against the bowstring pointed at the ground. It was a waste of time and arrows to keep firing away at nothing when he had no idea of where she was at this point. He frowned to himself, trying to track where her horse was going, but the hoofprints were getting covered up by snow. The trail was getting cold. He could hear nothing around him except for the wind and the snowfall; not an animal was out in this type of weather. He had no idea of where he was going right now, but he knew one thing: she would keep going toward Coe Baba. There was no place else for miles around, and she would have to take shelter soon, especially in her condition. 
He started heading back toward the road, or what looked like the road to him in the distance, covered up in a light layer of snow. But then he stopped a moment, falling back behind a bush as he spotted the horse standing on the road in the distance. He could see it from here as he raised his bow, ready to fire—but the horse was riderless. 
Where was the horse’s rider? Where was she? He lowered his bow and began to scan his surroundings just as he heard something behind him. She plunged her sword into him before he could turn around. The arrow misfired, hitting another tree as his hands slipped from the bow. She stabbed him again, and this time he realized that he was dying, defeated by his prey! He never should have taken this job from one of Doomba’s minions. They never ended well.
***
She looked down at the pale, gray body bleeding out onto the snow-covered ground, with more coming down on top of him. Once she would have wept at the thought of someone like him chasing her. Once she would have flinched at the thought of killing him, another human being like her. But now it was too easy, what she had done, and she had done it without much pause. What sort of a man was he, besides a killer? What was his name?
She shuddered and then looked up toward the smoke rising in the distance. “Coe Baba, here I come,” she said, heading back to her horse. 
She groaned softly to herself and grimaced. She hated what they had done to her, and what she had done to herself because of their actions. Learning to use a sword was just one thing. Deceiving, lying, betraying and manipulating others, and now she was killing them. Add that to her list of crimes and transgressions in the eyes of the gods. She wanted to stop and rest. Coe Baba—what would Coe Baba be like? She had wondered to herself many times before on her journey here. Hopefully she would be welcomed and could find some rest there. She had set off without much of a plan, beyond what little she knew, and that was very little in the end. But she had made it this far, and she would go all the way through to the end.
Her horse shied away from her and the sword she held, which must smell like blood from the dying man. She did not blame the horse one bit. She wiped her sword on the snow and then sheathed it when it appeared to be clean. She wiped herself off as best she could, scooping up snow and patting it on her, shivering as she rubbed it into her skin. Her horse still seemed skittish, but she calmed the beast down as best she could and mounted him, getting him to move again toward the smoke rising from the town. 
***
“Welcome to the Smiling Stallion, welcome to the Smiling Stallion, welcome to the Smiling Stallion Inn!” Geda, the innkeeper, and his younger brother, Smidge, sang on fiddle and guitar respectively, as their friend, Hermer, played a trumpet to accompany them. “For surely you are welcome, for surely you are welcome, at the Smiling Stallion Inn!” They finished with a flourish.
The crowd clapped and cheered, whistling for more as the band members bowed. Habala, the innkeeper’s wife, laughed to herself, but her arms were too full to clap. Only one person had cried at the performance, the baby boy in Habala’s arms, the baby boy in whose honor this whole celebration was being held.
Her husband was certainly proud that a song had been written about their fine establishment, proud enough that he and his band performed the song at just about every celebration held in the Smiling Stallion Inn. Of course, the Smiling Stallion Inn had been in Geda’s family for generations now, and it was a venerable institution here in Coe Baba, being the only inn in town. The building itself wasn’t that old, as it had been built sometime around Geda’s father’s childhood when the last building had burned down, but it was still recognized as being the same Smiling Stallion Inn throughout the generations. Habala was glad that she was part of such a heritage now, and of course her son would someday inherit the title of innkeeper of the Smiling Stallion Inn, but she wished that for just one night, especially while Oaka was newly born, and susceptible to crying at the least disturbance, that Geda and his band would just stop playing that song, which always seemed to garner such raucous applause from those enjoying the amenities of the Smiling Stallion Inn.
Geda handed over his instrument to Smidge and then crossed the room, waving to everyone who shouted, “Congratulations, Geda!” 
“Thank you, thank you, everybody!” Geda shouted back at them, before he climbed up on top of a table. “It is my great honor and privilege to welcome you all to the Smiling Stallion Inn on this most joyful of occasions,” he said, smiling down at Habala and their baby. 
Habala smiled back up at him, in spite of Oaka’s tears. Geda was a tall, rotund man of handsome enough quality for being covered with thick black hair all over his shiny, oblong face and head. Smidge was about the same as his older brother, though he was shorter and rounder. Geda could be a difficult man to deal with at times, obstinate and cynical, and she had sort of despised him when they’d first met, but she had grown to love him over the years, and the way that he could make her smile at the least provocation. No other man could do that. She had married him for that reason, and for many others.
For Geda, this was the night of his greatest triumph; he had everything that he had ever wanted, including the inn to call his own, a loving wife, and his newborn son, Oaka. He had all of his friends, family, and neighbors (including Lapo, the merchant, and Lapo’s wife, Mawen, who were not exactly the best people in the world, according to Geda) over at the inn to celebrate the birth of his son, welcoming the boy into this world that was so great. No one was as rich as he was.
“I want you all to have a great time tonight and enjoy yourselves!” Geda exclaimed, turning back to the crowd. “Which is why the food and drink are free, for one night only!” Everybody cheered at this.
Habala tugged Geda’s pant leg and asked, “Are you sure you want to do this?” 
He bent down, smiling at her and the baby. “Sure I’m sure. After all, it’s for one night only, and we can sell them more tomorrow.” 
Just as soon as he was ready to push the people out, with the beer running low, a snowstorm set to brew, and the late hour making even him yawn, the front door opened, and snow roared in from outside. A figure stood framed in the doorway by the darkness outside and then staggered inside with one hand resting on the doorknob and the other hand, gripping onto the edge of the doorway for support, also holding the hilt of a sword pointed down.
Geda stood up. “What in the name of Tau?” 
“I wish to take a room for the night,” said a feminine voice, revealing the figure to be a woman. “For several nights, in fact,” she said, arching her neck up in search of the innkeeper in the midst of this assemblage. “In my pack you will find a purse with enough to pay.” She gasped, stumbling forward with her jaw and hands clenched. The people retreated from her, and she let go of the sword.
Geda jumped down from the table as the sword clattered onto the ground and rushed toward her before Habala could stop him. “I am the innkeeper of this fine establishment!” he cried, hoping to diffuse the situation. “Welcome to the Smiling Stallion Inn!”
“What is wrong with you?” Geda hissed at the strange woman in a low voice once he had gotten close. “Do you know what a commotion you are stirring?” he asked her, glancing down at the sword to make sure that she didn’t pick it up. There was blood on it, he could tell.
The strange woman looked up at him. “Could you please take me up to my room?” she asked. “I feel…” Suddenly, her eyes rolled up, and she fell over. Geda barely caught her.
“Someone come help me!” Geda cried as he laid her on the floor.
Habala handed over Oaka to Smidge, instructing him to take the baby to his crib, and then she came running over to her husband. The rest of the room was still milling around and wondering if they should help.
“Hopeless people,” Habala muttered to herself as she joined her husband.
“I think she’s in labor!” Geda shouted. “Not again,” he muttered to himself.
“What?” Habala asked, and then she looked down. The woman was indeed very pregnant. She had been hiding that fact underneath her heavy cloak and dress. Habala was stunned that the woman had been traveling. Habala had barely managed to get out of bed during the last few weeks of her own pregnancy with Oaka. The other woman was breathing heavily, still faint and half unconscious. Her dress was stained with a little bit of blood, as well as the fluid from her water breaking, and the blood on her dress did not come from her sword. Habala swore to herself. The woman must have strained herself too much in these last few hours.
What a mess, Geda thought to himself. His common room, which was now a bit trashed by these partiers, was a beautiful place nonetheless. It belonged to him, and it would belong to his son after him, and it was just perfect the way it was until she came and bled all over the floor. The blood on her smelled like molten lava. Geda noted even her hands were stained with blood, although that blood might not have come from her. 
“Excuse me,” Smidge said, returning from the bedroom. “I’ll help you carry her.” Geda nodded. 
They lifted the very pregnant woman and carried her into Geda and Habala’s room, which was the only bedroom on ground level. The other room, which had once belonged to Geda, Smidge, and their late sister, Dorvina, as children, was being used for storage. They did not feel like carrying a very pregnant woman upstairs to one of the guest bedrooms. Smidge was put in charge of herding everyone out of the inn, as he knew that the curious could only make matters worse, and Geda went forth to fetch the midwife. Habala was put in charge of comforting and caring for the other woman until the midwife arrived. The contractions had probably started since a few miles before she reached the Smiling Stallion Inn. They had to hurry.
***
Habala had half expected the other woman to sit up, gasping for breath and frantically looking around at her surroundings with dark brown eyes, shining with a kind of desperation and depression, as she did once she had awoken. She had ash blonde hair that was cut short, frayed at the tips where it once might have curled, and Habala could imagine that, in happier times, the other woman’s hair once was golden. Habala’s hair was chestnut brown, loose as it draped down her shoulders like a horse’s tail. The other woman’s hair clung to her scalp as she swung about, reaching out to grab the sword that wasn’t there. Habala and her husband had surrendered the weapon to the constable just before her husband had left.
Habala reached out to try and comfort the stranger. The woman’s cold skin seared Habala as the other woman flinched. “It’s all right, you’re safe,” Habala said, trying to sound reassuring. “My name is Habala, the wife of the innkeeper.” 
“My name is Kala,” the woman said, her tension changing. “Sorry about all of this trouble.” She spread her legs apart, knees bent upward as she braced herself against the headboard. Her teeth clattered and then clenched as she prepared for the labor to begin.
“It’s all right, Kala, you needed help,” Habala insisted. “Lie back down, it’s not time yet.” She hoped it wasn’t time yet—she wasn’t ready to play midwife.
Kala snorted, her straight nose flat and large with rounded nostrils, thin lips pursed. Oh, it was her first baby, Habala realized—that was why she was so scared.
“You need to relax,” Habala insisted again.
“I cannot relax yet. I haven’t even paid you yet,” Kala insisted. “Could you go get my—”
“Don’t worry about that,” Habala said, pushing Kala gently but firmly down onto the bed. A candle burned on the nightstand beside them. Habala fluffed up the pillow to place behind Kala’s head and hoped the midwife would hurry up here.
“I’m just not used to—” Kala gasped and groaned. “Are you sure it’s not time yet?” She gritted her teeth. “It feels like…”
“Don’t worry; they need to come closer together,” Habala said. “I’m not used to this sort of thing either, but I’ve been through one recently, my first. You need the midwife here more than me, though. She is far more experienced than I ever could be.” 
“Your first?” Kala asked, looking up.
“He’s over there,” Habala said, pointing over to the cradle in the corner in case Kala couldn’t see it. “My baby boy, Oaka, my firstborn. He’s just one week old.” For once, Oaka was quiet, hopefully asleep. 
She couldn’t believe that she was speaking so candidly with a woman who had just walked into the inn holding a sword, but she supposed that Kala had a good reason for that, namely her pregnancy. That could make any woman insane. 
“One week old? Congratulations,” Kala said, staring over at the cradle as if she hadn’t seen it before. “Was it hard?” 
“It was hard, but the first usually are,” Habala said. She didn’t want to talk about it, in case it might scare Kala even more, but she managed to say, “It takes time to enlarge the passageway, I suppose.” She cleared her throat, embarrassed at talking about such bodily matters.
“I couldn’t bear it,” Kala said, shuddering.
“Milady…Kala, I don’t mean to pry…” The “milady” just had slipped out on its own, as if it suited her.
“What do you mean?” Kala asked sharply, turning toward her. Kala was still on guard, but Habala was watching her as well, aware that she could still be dangerous even without her sword.
“What were you doing out there?” Habala asked. She had decided to speak up and say what was really on her mind, even though Kala did remind her of a real noblewoman with her imperious nature.
“I had to come here,” Kala said, infuriatingly calm as she stared out the window at the snowfall.
“But it is dangerous out there!” Habala cried. “Traveling all alone through the forest in the middle of the nighttime, especially with the snow falling—you could have been killed!” The candle on the nightstand flared.
“Nearly killed,” Kala muttered. “Survived.” 
“And you think that’s a good thing?” Habala asked.
“You don’t know what I’ve been through.” 
“No, I don’t know, but…” Habala hesitated. Did she really want to know? That thought hushed her up a little bit, but then she said, “It’s ridiculous, not to mention with your babe about to be born…” Habala sighed and said, “What would you have done if you had been forced to deliver him or her out there? None of you would have survived!”
“I suppose you are right on that account, which is why I had to come here. I had no place else left to go,” Kala said, looking down as if she could not bear to look up at Habala.
“No place? But don’t you have any family to take you in?” 
“No place. No home, no family.” 
“What about your husband?”
“My husband is dead,” Kala said mournfully. She looked up. “And he was my husband, if you were wondering about that.” 
“What was his name?” Habala asked, deciding not to argue with her.
“I cannot tell you that,” Kala said. 
“What? Why not?”
“You would not believe me even if I did tell you. And even so, he is gone, gone to Pidamana, where all good people go when they die. And I hope to join him there soon if I am good enough.”
“What do you mean by that?” Habala asked.
“I will not survive this, I know this. You would know this, too, if you were to search your heart long enough,” Kala said.
A knock sounded on the door just before Habala could speak. “Hello? Is everything all right in there?” a voice said as the doorknob started to turn.
Habala groaned and stood up. “Smidge, please go away, just for a minute,” she told him, striding over to push the door closed. Why couldn’t he stay away from her? It seemed unseemly for her husband’s brother to take such an interest in her. 
But then she paused for a moment and opened the door slightly. “Wait, Smidge, please don’t go away just yet. Is everything all right?” Smidge turned around to face her. “Are all of the guests gone? Is Geda back yet with the midwife?”
“Geda and the midwife are not here yet, but most of the guests are gone,” Smidge told her, leaning against the wall by the doorway. “A few of them are staying, though, and they’re quite adamant about not wanting to leave. Some of them are your relatives, some of them are mine and Geda’s, and we’ve even got an official or two staying.” 
“What? Why would do they that?” Habala asked.
He stared at her. “They want to be here when the woman wakes up, and has the baby and everything, just to be sure that she will be arrested and questioned properly,” he said. “You should know that. Best thing to be done in a situation like this.”
Habala stared at Smidge, wondering if he still thought that she should have been his wife, instead of Geda’s. Things might have gone differently, once, but that was a long while ago. “I suppose I should have expected something like this,” Habala murmured. “Try to get them gone, or at least to stay out of this room until everything is through in here.” She sighed. “We don’t want to disturb Kala in the midst of her labor.”
“Yes, Habala,” Smidge said and then walked away. Habala stared after him.
“Who was that, Habala?” Kala asked from the bed.
“My brother-in-law,” Habala said, closing the door. “He’s taking care of things while my husband is…never mind that. How can you know this will happen to you?” Habala asked, striding back toward Kala. 
“An oracle told me,” Kala said. “Same way I know my son will be born tonight.”
“An oracle, like the Oracle of Mila?” Habala groaned. 
“What is this Oracle of Mila?” Kala asked, perplexed.
“You…I cannot believe in this,” Habala gasped. “The Oracle of Mila lives near here. I do believe in the gods, of course, but the gods are so high above us in understanding that I do not believe that an oracle, or any other living person, can reach the gods and speak for them to us. It’s just impossible!” Habala said as the candlelight flickered. 
“And I do not believe that one of these people could know the future better than any one of us,” Habala continued, stewing. She did not want to encourage the other lady in her superstitions, just as she did not want to encourage Smidge in his affections. It was dangerous in both cases.
She loved Geda with all of her heart, even if he sometimes took her for granted, and Kala needed her mind focused on delivering the baby, safe and sound. No distractions! “You should not believe this,” Habala added.
“You have fire within you,” Kala gasped, staring at Habala. “Which is good, I suppose, although it still surprises me. I thought that, with what Menthar had done to Mila, fire would not be allowed inside the forest.”
“What in the name of Tau are you talking about?” Habala asked, confused.
“Never mind that, it’s just theological stuff,” Kala said. “The point is, I believe that you are a good woman. And even though you do not believe in the same things that I do, you have been very kind to me. And I want my son to have the best possible future, or upbringing, that he can possibly have.” 
“Do not talk like that,” Habala said, already suspecting where this was leading.	
“I do not believe that I will survive this,” Kala said, “and I want you to find him a family that will take care of him and give him the love that I cannot give him when I am gone.”
Habala squatted down beside Kala’s bedside. “I promise you that you will get through this thing alive, don’t fear. And even if you do not survive, I promise you that I will raise your son myself and give him the love that you could not give yourself.” Habala frowned, wondering why she had made such a promise, but it was too late.
“Oh, Habala, I—”
“You should not give in to these fears and doubts, though, these oracles and prophecies,” Habala said, standing up. “I will make sure that you survive and give your son the upbringing that he—or she, since it still can be a girl—deserves.” Habala whispered, “Please do not give in to these fears and doubts.”
“I am so sorry, Habala.” Kala gasped. “I did not mean to frighten you, and I know that you will be a good mother.” She closed her eyes and turned away. “I know that my son will be safe with you and your family, and I hope that you can forgive me.”
“I will not forgive you for being so foolish. Don’t give up!” Habala insisted.
Kala opened her eyes and turned back to Habala. “I want to be here, with my son, but there is too much death within me. He is safer here with those of fire than with those of death.” 

The midwife arrived, and for several hours the midwife, Habala, and Geda waited, taking turns to sleep or watch over Kala. Smidge left after a short while, not wanting to stay and watch the delivery, as it would take too long. Instead, he said he had some “business to take care of,” at home, though he did not really have much of a business to speak of, aside from working at the inn or patrolling with the town militia. The guests who refused to leave still remained in the common room, despite Geda’s insistence that they should go. Finally, the midwife declared that it was time, and the labor proceeded. Kala cried out, reminding Geda of the elk that sometimes wandered the woods, lowing as they grazed. And then the baby boy was born, just as Kala said he would be, wailing loud enough to prove his health. 
Kala held him in her arms, his eyes scrunched up with just the barest hint of brown hair on top of his pudgy little head, which was on top of a pudgy little body, and she wondered for a moment if he was truly worth dying for. But then again, she would soon no longer be here to see what would happen next, and so she would not be able to know any of this for certain. So she named him in the hope that he would be the one who proved her case, the one whom she had waited for for a long time. The others briefly noticed that there was hardly a trace of his mother, Kala, in the babe’s face, and that he must take after his father more in appearance, before Kala closed her eyes and drifted away, gone forever. She was buried out in the cemetery by the standing stones. 

“Malakel it, now we have two babies—our son, Oaka, and this boy, Basha,” Geda said on the night after Basha’s birth and Kala’s death. They were exhausted after the questioning they had received from family, friends, and neighbors, not to mention the constable, before they had even buried Kala. He and Habala had put the babes to bed, with Oaka in his crib and Basha in a dresser drawer until Geda could make another crib for him.
“We can raise them,” Habala told him. “I’ve got enough milk for both.”
“What about other families?” Geda asked.
“I said I would do it,” she told him. “Besides, how well off are we? Surely we can afford to raise two boys, with this inn, when other families have hardly anything.” 
“Well, this inn isn’t exactly the best source of income,” Geda told her. “The Smiling Stallion has been in my family for generations, yet it’s a daily struggle to keep her afloat. Let someone else, like Lapo the merchant, see if he can manage the inn. Ha!” Geda snorted, livid at just the thought of Lapo stealing his inn away from him. It was his inn, and it would belong to his son Oaka after him, no one else!
“The Smiling Stallion is the only inn in town,” Habala insisted.
“With good reason. Hardly anyone ever comes to stay in Coe Baba, except for those worshippers of the oracle,” he said with bitterness. “Not much of a future in the inn-keeping business beyond the basics.”
“What about the bar?” Habala asked.
“The bar?” Geda said. “Well, I mean, there’s the expense of keeping it well-stocked, of cleaning it up, not to mention the cost of—”
“Geda, we are one of only two places in this town that has a bar,” she reminded him. “Surely that brings in the money?”
“Well, all right, so we do have money, but it’s not going to last,” Geda said. “Especially when these boys are going to grow up and they’re going to need a livelihood.”
“Oaka will get the inn, you have my promise,” Habala said, fed up. “Is that what you wanted to hear?” 
“That is not what I wanted to hear. You know me better than that!” Geda said, shifting uncomfortably as he glanced at the dresser drawer where baby Basha lay. It didn’t seem fair to the boy.
“Oaka is our firstborn, our blood; I won’t let Basha get in the way of that,” Habala said. “But let me tell you one thing, Geda, I won’t let that boy be a stranger,” she insisted. “I won’t let him be pushed around, or pushed to the side. I will love him, and so will you. We will both grow to love him and take care of him like he deserves to be. Basha won’t get everything that Oaka will get, but he will still be a son to us.” 
Geda stared at her, shocked by her fierce maternal nature. “I suppose we can raise Basha,” Geda said, his defenses weakening, “But he is different from us; he isn’t our son. That much is obvious,” he said. Thinking to himself, he added, “What will we tell him, and others, when they ask?”
“We will tell them the truth,” Habala said. “We will tell them about Kala, and the promise.”
“What about Oaka?” Geda asked.
“I hope Oaka will be a good boy,” Habala said, softening. “I hope that he will be a good big brother to his little brother Basha. And I hope that they will love each other just as much as we love them.”

“This boy Basha will bring nothing but pain and misery to his family,” Lapo the merchant said, glancing over at the inn as he and his wife passed by it the next day. “I can tell.” His wife, Mawen, glanced up. “Do you suppose the balnor—”
“Balnor—what makes you say that?” Lapo said, glancing at his wife.
“Balnor makes perfect sense to me.” Mawen shrugged. “Suppose he didn’t have a father, one married to his mother, anyway?”
“Balnor…” Lapo chuckled. “Makes perfect sense to me as well.” They both laughed at the thought of a balnor boy being raised by the innkeeper and his family.
Chapter Sixteen: Ghost
Welda, the goddess of love, laughed at
Qei, god of the harvest. “Gorbana the Huntress cannot truly love you, for she knows only of death, of war, of the hunt. She does not know love.”
—The Legends of Arria

When Kala stumbled into the inn with a bloody sword, about to give birth, I was there with my mother Brigga. I left my mother in a hurry and went to see the Old Man, telling him what had happened. “That sounds like it would make a great story,” the Old Man said, his eyes shining. “A pregnant woman walks into the inn—”
“This is not a story, nor is it a joke,” I said. “This is serious. You need to stop trivializing things, Old Man.” I never could call him my father back then, not face to face. I left him in a huff to return to my mother, but I returned to the Old Man’s hut the next night, after the woman had died, and news had spread across town of what had happened to her.
“The call of battle is like a song, the cry of a baby is like a hymn, and the laughter of children is like a choir, raising their voices in praise of their gods…” the Old Man muttered, writing all of this down by candlelight, as it was late at night. “The rider was a fairly young woman of twenty-five years. Blue-eyed in clarity, with blonde hair reaching all the way down—”
“Blue-eyed? I thought it was brown,” I said, standing next to him and bending down to read his work. “What are you doing?” I asked.
“Ah, well, blue-eyed just sounds better,” he said. “I’m writing this story down to document last night’s events for future generations. It sounds fascinating and mysterious, after all, and it might be something people would want to know about.” He continued writing, “—to her shoulders. But her hair was limp and matted after her long trip, when once it had been soft and combed. Her face was also too pale, with not even a hint of a brisk hue after her cold ride,’” he said. “She held herself with dignified bearing, yet grimaced at the pain she felt. The horse was also uneasy from the wolves howling in the forest, as they awoke for the night—”
“The wolves weren’t howling; they weren’t even awake yet,” I said, straightening. “It was not even midnight. Old Man, you sure have a funny way of writing that makes—”
“My dear Nisa, please don’t criticize me; I told you once—”
A flash of light, a burst of smoke like the moon had exploded, and a wind whipped through his hut, tugging at our clothes and hair like it wanted to show us something spectacular. Old Man and I stopped to turn and squint, holding on to our clothes and hair as we shielded our eyes. We coughed as the smoke billowed out, spreading through the one-room hut that was barely big enough for one person to share with the table, chair, and cot. The Old Man and I took turns sleeping here, patrolling the perimeter of the town or keeping a watch on things close to home, day and night.
“What is it, Old Man?” I cried.
“It’s…” The Old Man squinted, still dazed by the light, it seemed. “It’s not something that I summoned,” he said.
“You? You have been experimenting on…whatever this is?” I asked.
“It’s not something that I summoned.” He turned to me. “I’m trying to tell you, Nisa, that this is just something that appeared!”
At this point, from the cloud formed by the spreading smoke, the Old Man heard a woman’s voice say, “Old Man? Old Man, is that you? I need you; I need your help.” He turned around, listening to the voice, but I could not hear it then, for it was beyond my perception, coming from beyond the living world. I would be able to hear the woman’s voice later on, but at the time, I knew nothing about what she was saying. 
“Why do you do such things?” I asked. “Old Man, what is wrong with you?” 
“My help?” the Old Man asked, ignoring me. “I am the protector of Coe Baba and all of its people, including its secrets. Other than that, I’m just an old man who tells really good stories,” he said, smiling. “What are you?”
“Who are you talking to?” I asked him. I couldn’t reconcile such things.
“A protector?” the voice said.
Able to see a little bit better, the Old Man discerned a shape and a face in the smoke. “Yes, a protector. I can tell you’re not from around here,” he said, frowning to himself as he did not recognize the face. “Who were you?” he asked. “And how did you know my name? Where did you come from, and why did you come here? Are you a spirit?” 
“What are you looking at?” I asked, but the Old Man didn’t hear me then.
“I suppose I am a spirit,” the other woman said, gazing at herself. “I do not know what else to call myself. My name is, or was, Kala, and I came here to Coe Baba, because…Who are you again?” she asked.
“My name is the Old Man,” he said. “Did you know me? Or did you hear of me?”
“Old Man?” I queried, worried.
“I did not know of you until I died,” Kala said. “There were others, and they told me to seek you out.” She sighed. “You can see me? And hear me? Thank Tau, and Loqwa, for bringing me here, I thought…Others can’t see me, or hear me,” she said.
“Others aren’t as perceptive as I am,” the Old Man said, thinking. 
Others brought her here? He thought he knew of whom she was speaking, but Tau and Loqwa…Could the gods have had a hand in this as well? For surely Kala could not have gotten here on her own, breaking through the walls between the worlds of the living and dead; a spirit like her would not have the strength. But if she was a demon, then it might be easy enough.
“Old Man, what is going on here?” I started to say.
“Nisa, get out of here,” he said. “It’s best that you keep out of this until you can see and hear what’s going on.” He opened the door. “Once you do focus your energy, however, it’s not so bad. You will probably do this soon enough, just like you discovered me.”
I walked out, muttering to myself.
“I have a son,” Kala said as the Old Man closed the door. “He was just born, and he needs protection desperately. More than the good people who hold him now can give him,” Kala said, looking away as she flitted about the room. “He needs protection of an otherworldly sort, the kind that will guard him from harm and Doomba’s magic until he is fully grown.”
“I have heard some of what happened,” the Old Man said, waving a hand to his papers. “With Basha being born at the inn, and you. I was writing a story about it, in case I could send it out to the news-printers or to the pamphleteers to be published. I did not know that—”
“Do not send news out,” Kala insisted. “I came here to die and to give birth to him in obscurity, so that he and I would not be found. I do not want anyone finding out who we are, or what we are, when he needs help,” she said. “He is the tiger.”
“The…” the Old Man gasped. “Oh, my dear Kala, are you sure?” 
“As sure as I can be,” she said, “when I gave my life to bring him here, and suffered for it. Protect him, Old Man.”
“I shall keep my eye on him and make sure that he does not come to harm,” the Old Man said. “Good night, Kala,” he said and managed to send her back from whence she came. 
He did not know whether she was telling him the truth, or what she believed, or if it was all lies. If she was a demon, then why would she lie about this specifically? To hide another who was the real tiger, to distract him? It made no sense.
And if she believed that this boy, her son, was the real tiger, then could her belief be strong enough to sustain her as she broke through in between worlds to tell him, even if the boy were not the real tiger? He could not believe that either. Yet if the boy was the real tiger…then all of those spirits, and perhaps the gods themselves, had helped her because…It was almost too impossible to be believed.
I knocked on the door at this point. “Old Man? Are you all right?” I called.
The Old Man opened the door. “Nisa, we have a new mission, and maybe then we shall be free,” he said, smiling brightly when his eyes shone forth in tears. He would make it happen.
***
When the snow started to melt, some time after Kala was buried, the body of a man was discovered not far from the road. The constable was called upon to investigate and noticed that, although the man had been partially eaten by animals and decayed, he had some bowstring in his pockets. He had little else in the way of personal possessions, but once the constable started digging around close to the body, he discovered the remains of a bow, an arrowhead, and a quiver, all of which had been dragged over to the side and chewed upon. The constable examined the body and spotted blood-stained piercings shaped like a sword’s point. The constable left and visited Habala and her husband, Geda, at this point. 
“Could be an innocent hunter that she stabbed,” the constable said.
“No, I do not think…” Habala inhaled sharply, still in a state of shock over what she had heard. “She said something about being nearly killed,” Habala said calmly. “That night, when I inquired as to why she had been traveling out there in that snowy weather, she said that she had been nearly killed, but survived.”
“So you think it was self-defense?” the constable asked.
“Maybe. I don’t know for sure; I mean, she was only with us for a couple of hours, but I don’t think anyone would have wanted to kill her…” She hesitated. “I don’t think Kala could have killed that man without good reason.” 
“Perhaps he is not so innocent then.” The constable shrugged. “Perhaps he was hunting her, or tracking her; we do not know.” He sighed. “We have no evidence that she did kill this man besides what we have found and the sword that Kala had. We have no evidence that he and she met, but we think that he died around the same time that Kala came to the inn.” He looked up. “We have no evidence, only speculation and hearsay.”
“Constable, do you think…” Habala hesitated, not wanting to ask, as he was clearing Kala’s name. “What of the man?” she finally asked.
“What about him?” the constable asked. “There is nothing more to tell. We do not know who he is. His face is missing. His clothes look to be from the south. We do not recognize their make, but they are not for northern weather.” He sighed. “We hope that we might be able to bury him, and no one will come to inquire what happened to him.” 
“Kala…Do you suppose we should inquire—”
“What? As to her identity?” The constable shook his head. “I do not think so,” he said. “You said so yourself—she denied having any family or home, and she did not say a word about her husband. I think that, whatever sort of life she had led, rich or poor, middle-class or servant, it was shameful for her at the end.” 
“Shameful?” Habala asked.
“Perhaps she did commit some sort of crime and ran away from home, or from whatever sort of employment she had, having gotten herself pregnant by another woman’s husband, or by her employer. These things happen,” the constable said. 
“These things happen?” Habala said, glaring at the constable.
“Perhaps it would be best not to inquire,” the constable said, trying to still her. “I do not think that you will find anything, nor do I think that you will get an answer to your questions.” He stood up. “Perhaps she has already been disavowed by whatever sort of family she had and was left to fend for herself. Good day, Habala, Geda; I am sorry.” The constable left.
“Geda, how could…” Habala said, turning around to face her husband where he stood watching over the two babies.
“Habala, look, you already heard what the man had to say,” Geda said, coming over to face her. “I’m afraid it’s over. There’s no point in trying.”
“Geda, I don’t want to give up hope,” she said, hugging her husband. “But my two boys…Basha—what are we to do with him?” she asked, looking over his shoulder at the babies.
“We’ll keep him,” Geda said, sighing. “There’s no point in trying; he’s ours now.”
“Thank you, Geda, thank you.” Habala sighed. He was theirs; he would be safe inside their home. There was no need to ask, whatever the constable said, because Basha was a part of their family now, and always would be. He would be safe.
Habala and Geda had meant to tell Basha about his birth and his real mother, but after a while, as time went by, and they cared for Basha as one of their own, it became easier and more convenient for them to keep the truth to themselves. Sometimes even they forgot themselves as it got clouded over in their own minds with feelings of warmth and happiness for their family. But they had forgotten how well saw and remembered these events, and they misjudged the ability of other people to remain silent about these things in public, especially with Basha and Oaka, until one day the secret was spilled.
The boys grew up, as babies tended to do. For the first few years of life, the boys, especially Basha, did not need much in the way of protection from us, especially with Geda and Habala taking it in turns to take care of their sons when they weren’t too busy tending bar, cleaning up the inn, or gathering crops and planting in the Havin and Plig seasons. 
The Old Man and I tended to drift outward during this time, straying close to the boundaries of Coe Baba’s district as we tried to find out if there were any signs or news of activity from Doomba or his Followers and Servants, if they were aware that there was a tiger, and if they were searching for him. Eventually, we got a few signs, not much, but a few disturbances that seemed to be propelled by the growing number of Servants and Followers patrolling this and other regions in search of him. 
However, it seemed that they had no clue where he was, or who he was, for there was a randomness to the pattern of events that suggested they were just probing here and there. The victims of the abductions and killings seemed to range in age, social status, and gender. Once or twice, they got close—too close—to Basha, but they never got near enough to identify him as the tiger.
“We’re lucky on that account,” the Old Man said.
“How could they not know who the…you know…is if they know that he exists?” I asked him. We avoided the word “tiger,” as the Old Man thought it was too dangerous to speak the word out loud. 
I was still trying to fathom what was going on around here; the Old Man was loath to speak too much about what was happening around us, but I guess I was learning already. I understood the horribleness of the situation. There were just too many victims. One or two a day across the country, and twice that across the continent. Arria was the target, Basha was the tiger, and I could not stand to look at the faces the Old Man sketched of the victims.
“They know that he exists because they have either seen or heard of the Tiger Prophecy,” the Old Man said, “or Doomba has sensed…you-know-who through the shades, or shadows, that he possesses.” 
I shuddered at this. The Old Man had told me of how Doomba had shadows surrounding him that were able to do his bidding, including spying far and wide and entering into the bodies of others, possessing them.
“Do not worry, Nisa. These shadows are not as strong as you think they are,” the Old Man told me. “The shadows cannot grasp anything, as Doomba would want them to, for very long. They can stretch far, and see much, but it’s like glimpses that Doomba gets back. Whispers and images of things from far away, of things that might or might not be, depending on what he can see, and he has to decipher what is real and what is out of context.”
“How can you know so much about Doomba?” I asked.
“One learns a lot from observing and fighting an opponent over many years,” the Old Man told me. I did not trust him then.
My mother worried about me and all of the time I was spending with the Old Man when I should be spending time with children my own age, possibly boys, but I stuck with the Old Man. I did not want to leave him on his own when he was my father, and he was still old even though he was immortal. He was not strong enough to travel far and often. I trained with him and learned a bit observing the lessons Sir Nickleby taught the members of the town militia and the boys who wanted to join the town militia, so that as the years went on, I became an accomplished fighter as well as a spy.
Finally, the boys were old enough to wander off on their own, and they certainly did, especially Basha. He liked to travel and explore. I already knew that there would be some trouble on that account. The curious are bound to find out something.
***
“This land is ours, our Mother Earth. Arria belongs to us,” Jawen said, pointing down at the ground as she tried to explain the situation to Talia. “Arria is earth, the ground that we walk upon. The earth grows our crops and keeps us safe from harm, but most of all, Arria is also our country. We claimed it and named it thus a long time ago, long before you or I were born.”
“Hold on, Jawen, don’t tell me everything!” Talia said. “I get enough of that at school. Isn’t this land on public property?” she asked. “Does it not belong to the whole town?”
“That’s beside the point. But we are supposed to be sharing it, yes,” Jawen admitted.
“Then why can’t we just share it?” Talia asked. “Can’t we just ask them?”
“No, Talia,” Jawen said. “We have tried asking them that before, but they snubbed us, just like that,” she said, snapping her fingers. “Without any regard for what we had to say.” She hated the boys for that.
“Why do we have to fight?” Talia asked.
“We agreed to do this. We agreed to join up with all of the other girls, united to stand up against the boys! Are you with us, Talia?” 
Talia hesitated and then said, “Yes, I suppose I am.”
“Then let’s go,” Jawen said, grabbing Talia’s hand and pulling her up onto her feet as they turned to face the fight from where they had hid behind a bunch of barrels at the edge of the town square. However, as Jawen ran to avoid a rotting piece of dung fruit hurled at them, and Talia ducked, Jawen lost track of her little sister in the crowd.
“Ooof!” Jawen cried, pushed aside by somebody, a boy or a girl, it didn’t matter, before she fell down upon the ground. 
She scrambled back up onto her feet, panting heavily as she scanned her surroundings. There was no sign of her little sister anywhere, and she was covered in mud-ball turnip juice, maybe bits of rotting dung fruit as well, from the ongoing fight around her. But she could not believe that it was not worth it; she had to believe in this fight. Jawen bent down and scooped up another mud-ball turnip. She paused, thinking that land was important, the ownership of property, but was there more value to land than just its ownership? She knew that this land belonged to her. The ownership of the town square belonged to all citizens of Arria, her country, and the residents of Coe Baba in particular, but she wondered if land itself was special. If the power of the earth permeated even this square piece of land. She shook her head and decided that it was too much to think about, and it would not help her.
She spotted a boy passing by, probably to get more dung fruit, or reinforcements for the fight, and Jawen frowned to herself. She hurled the mud-ball turnip at him, laughing when it hit the side of his face, splattering all over his brown hair. He was a mess, a bigger mess than she was, and her dress was covered in mud-ball turnip juice. Jawen had thought that she could handle being in such a fight, but she couldn’t. She could not stop the fight, or drop out of it without suffering some consequences, like the shame she might feel or the censure she might receive from other girls. But at least she could try to enjoy it while it lasted, for it would all be over soon.
When Jawen heard somebody yelling at her, “Do you know me? Do you know who I am?” she spotted the boy she had just hit a short while ago, recognizing him by the mud-ball turnip juice still covering his circular face and the slick in his brown hair. He also had a small nose, big brown eyes, and large ears that stuck out on the sides of his head. She also knew his name, as he and his brother, Oaka, worked alongside their parents at the inn. She also remembered what her father had called him not that long ago: “balnor boy.” She did not stop to think about what she was saying, or what it meant.
Yet silence fell over the square as boys and girls dropped their mud-ball turnips and dung fruit, withdrawing into themselves as they held their voices in a gasp. Jawen did not know what was going on around her, but then she heard sniffling and wheezing. She felt embarrassed that Basha was crying, and, although she didn’t know how, she must have caused it. She knew her embarrassment was nothing compared to how Basha must have felt as he ran away. 
Jawen felt even more embarrassed later on to realize that it was not Basha who had spoken first but Oaka who had taunted her. They both sounded alike, although there was a deeper tone to Oaka’s voice. Oaka had black hair, not brown. There was a physical dissimilarity in appearance between the two boys.
“Jawen, what did you say?” Talia asked suddenly as she appeared at her older sister’s side soon after Basha and Oaka had left. The fight started to break up among the boys and girls, disturbed by this episode.
“I don’t know,” Jawen said, shaking her head as she looked down at her little sister. “Go home, Talia. Tell Mother that I’ll be there in a short while, but tell her nothing else.” Talia hesitated, obviously considering disobeying her older sister’s orders, but finally she ran off without a response. How did Talia just happen to appear right then? Was she just waiting to appear when her sister had grown tired of searching for her? In a minute or two, Jawen was joined by her two best friends, Iibala and Sisila, as the three of them surveyed the damage that had been wrought by this morning’s fight.
“What a mess,” Iibala said.
“I don’t know what I did,” Jawen said. “I just said something, and his face broke apart. He was crying, and I don’t know why.”
“Balnor,” Iibala said, turning to face her. “You called him a balnor boy. Balnor is a curse word that means dung, and not dung fruit, but dung dung. It also means an illegitimate son born out of wedlock, which some people say is the same as dung.” Iibala snorted. “But they don’t know anything.” 
“What?” Jawen asked, turning to her. “I didn’t mean that! I didn’t know!” She did not think that the boy was as inconsequential or as disgusting as dung, and she certainly did not think that he could be an illegitimate son born out of wedlock. 
“Where did you learn a curse word like ‘balnor’?” Sisila asked Iibala skeptically.
“You learn a lot from a father like mine,” Iibala said glumly.
“Talia heard it!” Jawen cried, panicking. “She will tell mother that I said it, or else the other children will repeat it to their parents, and eventually it will get back to my mother and father! Oh, my goodness, I’m in trouble!”
“Jawen, calm down,” Sisila told her. “You will have to deal with this later. Right now, you have to go apologize to Basha.”
Jawen stopped. That was the last thing she wanted to do. “No, I can’t apologize to Basha.”
“Why not?” Sisila asked.
Why not? There were so many reasons why not, she could not think of them all at this time. She was worried that she would embarrass herself even more by apologizing to him. She had made the mistake of targeting him for her attack against boys when she should have placed the blame on his older brother, Oaka, arrogant as Oaka was, calling her out like that. Yet she was afraid of hurting Basha even more by reminding him of what she had done and exposing herself as a villain.
“It’s not dignified,” Jawen finally said, the best excuse she could come up with. “We’re supposed to be noble, and above him, aren’t we?” she asked hopefully.
“I might be a nobleman’s daughter, but I know that when I’ve done something wrong, I should go apologize to the person that I’ve hurt!” Sisila cried, glaring at Jawen. “Besides, you’re not noble. You have even less of an excuse than either Iibala or I do. So you should go apologize to Basha.”
Jawen frowned. “I might not be noble like you two, but I still have some sense of decorum.” 
“You don’t even know what that word means!” Sisila cried.
“Don’t go apologize to Basha, Jawen,” Iibala said, suddenly struck with a bright, crazy idea. “He deserves it for calling us ‘evil, snot-nosed girls’!” She laughed.
“You don’t know that!” Sisila cried. “You don’t know that Basha was among those boys yelling at us, Iibala!”
“Chances are he was,” Iibala said, “and besides, how do you know that it’s not true?” 
“What’s not true?” Sisila asked.
“That Basha is a balnor, like Jawen said he was,” Iibala said.
Jawen gaped at Iibala. What was she up to? Was she trying to prove a point against Sisila, or did she believe that Basha deserved to be called a balnor?
“I didn’t even know what it meant,” Jawen said. “My father was talking about Basha like this to a friend,” she said, not wanting to mention the other man’s name aloud. The other man was Baron Augwys, Sisila’s father, and she did not want to embarrass Sisila with her father’s actions right now, although Sisila still blushed, like she had already figured it out. “And he said, my father did, ‘If that balnor boy grows up to be a troublemaker’—”
“Then that is an excuse!” Iibala seized upon it. “You did not know what it meant, but you also did not know that it might be true! Basha might be a balnor like your father said he was!” Iibala gasped. “That might explain a lot, actually,” she remarked. “Oaka and Basha don’t look a thing like each other. Basha might take after his mother, Habala, more if they were related, but still, they are not that similar to one another.”
“He can’t be,” Jawen said, shaking her head. “He was not born out of wedlock. He’s got a mother and a father, just the same as the rest of us, and they were married to each other when they had Basha and Oaka, I’m sure of it.” 
“But how can you be so sure, Jawen?” Iibala insisted. “You cannot know for sure that they were married beforehand. You were born only a couple of months before Basha and Oaka were.”
“Oh, this is a terrible accusation to make.” Jawen rubbed her forehead.
“Jawen! Jawen!” She heard her mother, Mawen, calling for her. 
“Oh, I have to go,” Jawen said to her friends before running off. She did not want to hear any more of their arguing, especially when her head was already full with what she had just heard. She could not apologize to Basha, not until she was certain that it was the right thing to do, and it seemed to depend on whether or not he was a balnor in the first place. If he was indeed a balnor, then she did not need to apologize to him at all—or did she? She was so confused right now.
When Mawen fetched Jawen after the rotting dung-fruit and mud-ball turnip fight, having already seen to getting Jawen’s siblings Sencaen, Fence, and Talia cleaned up, Jawen asked her about Basha, if he was the son of both Geda, the innkeeper, and his wife before or after they got married. Mawen had told Jawen about Kala’s arrival, the suspicions behind her bloody appearance, and the murdered man found in the snow soon afterward. Mawen even had her own theory that Kala had been Geda’s mistress, and Habala had murdered Kala after baby Basha was born, but Jawen had been unwilling to believe everything that she had heard from her mother, especially when she thought to herself that Habala would not have murdered anyone. She was too nice, and not strong enough to do such a thing, while Geda would never have had a mistress, not one like Kala anyway. He was too ugly, and he never would have gotten himself mixed up with a stranger. 
Chapter Seventeen: Lost in the Forest
The boy, he is lost and alone,
To whom does he turn to in the dark,
When nothing is familiar to him anymore?
--Proverb of Manhood

Geda had been scrubbing down tables and Habala was wiping off the bar when Basha and Oaka rushed into the the Smiling Stallion Inn, both covered in mud-ball turnip juice. The boys had chased each other round tables, dodged chairs, and skidded across the floor until they were forced to halt with the approach of their parents. 
Habala and Geda had been talking about the weather when their children came in, since there was nothing much else for them to talk about in their routine lives. Geda and Habala had been married to each other for a long time and had raised two sons together, not to mention holding down the bar and inn. They did not have the time, energy, or inclination to converse over complex matters unrelated to their day-to-day routines. However, they had to contend with the fact that their lives weren’t exactly mundane by Coe Baba standards.
Coe Baba was predominantly an agricultural community, surrounded by forest near the northwesternmost point of Arria. Coe Baba had been built to last through the ages of upset and centuries of distress, for Coe Baba might have been around for well over a thousand years, perhaps as long as the country of Arria had existed. Yet Coe Baba remained the same as it always had been, in spirit and in heart, even though the people and buildings changed over time. 
For the most part, people around here were plain and simple, never getting bored or flustered with the same old routine. Yet sometimes they had to be tough and hardy to deal with everything that life threw their way: storms, droughts, weather of any kind, disasters and setbacks like death, starvation, illness, or failure. Failure was probably the worst thing any person in Coe Baba could imagine. For the most part, though, whenever any kind of problem came their way, they were ready to fix it up, team up to help each other out, or ignore the problem entirely. They thought that there was no mess too big for them to handle.
Oaka bumped into Basha, and they wrestled each other down onto the boards. Oaka was still yelling, only now he was saying, “balnor, balnor”—unless he had been saying that before.
“That’s enough!” Habala shouted at them, trying to pull them apart as her husband helped her. Habala and Geda were just now realizing how far apart things were falling between them.
However, as much as they were willing to pull together, the townspeople of Coe Baba had a little problem in handling things that were strange or unusual—not natural, in other words. Storms and droughts were one thing—those were natural—but when it came to oracles, magic, and strangers who walked into town with a bloody sword, that was another thing. A person born and raised in Coe Baba was taught to believe most of all in a sense of community, with individualism and independence. That is, a person could be as individual and independent as they wanted to be, so long as they stayed within town limits and community standards, and those standards were held in high regard as they provided a sense of continuity and community to all of those individuals living together. Yet by those same standards, any person not born in Coe Baba, despite how many years he or she might have lived there, was not considered a full-fledged citizen of Coe Baba, not able to vote in town elections and not eligible to be elected to the town council. 
Sir Nickleby, head of the town militia and born outside of Coe Baba, might be considered an exception as he was on the town council, but he had been appointed to the spot as head of the town militia, not elected. Those standards, including the citizenship rule, had been set in stone for a long time, ever since the beginning of the Dark Age, ever since the townspeople of Coe Baba had learned to distrust outsiders who might be Followers of Doomba or blackguards in other ways.
Coe Baba was isolated from most of the country, and the rest of the world, with just a road that went east to Coe Dobila or west to Coe Anji. There was a segment of that road that went farther east, to Coe Ryn, but not many people traveled that far east from Coe Baba. In fact, many townspeople did not travel outside of Coe Baba, or its immediate surroundings. They did not like to traverse through Mila Forest, named after the goddess who guarded trees, plants, and nature’s secrets. They all had heard the stories of bears and wolves, wild men and thieves, and more murderous foes who lurked inside the forest. The townspeople did not want to risk getting killed out there in the wild. 
And for those people who did leave Coe Baba, such as the merchant Lapo, lumberjacks delivering wood, and members of the town militia that joined the Border Guard, they always came back to Coe Baba eventually, if they were not killed out there, for they could never really leave their birthplace forever. For Coe Baba was in their blood, and they trusted and loved that place more than any other in the world, and the world remained a scary place to them even after they had seen it, for the world outside of Coe Baba was not a peaceful place.
“You’re not my brother!” Oaka shouted at Basha.
“I am so your brother, and I’ll prove it to you!” Basha cried. He stood up and said, “Mother, one of the other children—”
“A girl!” Oaka shouted.
“A girl called me a balnor,” Basha said, turning toward Oaka to glare at him for a moment. He turned back to their mother. “Mother, it’s not true, is it?”
Most townspeople of Coe Baba, anyway, had little to no contact, especially face-to-face, with people from other villages and cities, even those who came to visit Coe Baba. Most of those people who came to visit came with a purpose entirely different from what was considered “normal” by the townspeople, namely to see the Oracle of Mila, who lived in a Cave of Wonders several miles away from town. 
Why did she have to live in that cave, so close to them, the townspeople often wondered to themselves. Why couldn’t she live deeper in Mila Forest, farther away from them? But in any case, she was here, and the townspeople had to deal with that fact, occasionally selling food, supplies, and mementos to the worshippers of the Oracle of Mila, who sometimes had to wait for days to see the oracle before they left with their prophecies and whatnot. 
Aside from staying at the inn, visiting the shops, and eating at the restaurant or pub in Coe Baba, the worshippers of the Oracle of Mila generally stayed away from the townspeople as much as the townspeople stayed away from them. Only a few townspeople of Coe Baba had actual contact with these visitors on a regular basis, people like the innkeeper and his family, the shopkeepers, the restaurateurs, the waiters, and the publican, and occasionally the postmaster whenever the worshippers wanted to send a letter back home. Unless it was absolutely necessary, for business reasons, none of the townspeople ever went out of their way to visit other towns and villages themselves.
So for the most part, people not born in Coe Baba were considered strangers, or maybe “newcomers” to Coe Baba, no matter how long they had lived there, and so what if a person was born in Coe Baba to a stranger or newcomer? Then they had a slightly less, or more, significant social stigma attached to them than their parent, depending on the circumstances, but it still was considered to be a low point on the social scale in either direction. Basha had to face such a distinction, even though he had been unaware of it for most of his childhood, until now. Technically he could vote and be elected, as a citizen born in Coe Baba, but to some of the other townspeople, he would never truly be a part of Coe Baba.
Coe Baba had to change in some ways.
Habala looked down at Basha. She wanted to lie, very much, but she knew that she could not. She was bound to the promise that she had made to Kala. Yet she was helpless to answer, or say anything at all, with that look of both hope and despair on his face. “You might as well tell him now,” Geda said. She glared at him, still trying to think things over. It would be rude to be too indelicate about it.
“It’s not true, is it?” Basha asked more insistently than ever as she turned toward him. He seemed to have realized something had gone wrong, and even Oaka was quiet, as if in shock at what was happening as well, which was rare for her oldest son.
“Well…You’re not technically my son, so I can’t say for sure,” Habala admitted, “but you’re not a balnor, you’re not.” 
Basha gasped, Geda groaned, and Habala grimaced. She could have handled that better.
Then Basha started crying, louder, as if he had lost his whole family. “Shh, Basha,” Habala said, wrapping her arms tight around him. “I’m sorry, but it’s going to be all right, you’ll see, we’re going to get through this together.”
She had to tell him the truth, but what could she say? So she told him enough to satisfy him for now, until she was ready to tell him everything that she knew, which was still very little. “She must have come from a long way away, that much was certain,” Habala said.
“Where did she come from?” Basha asked as Habala told him part of this story.
“I don’t know, she did not say,” Habala said. “She did say, later on, that her name was Kala, but that sort of name is not common around these parts. We did not recognize her as being from around here, in any case, and her horse looked worn-down, as did she, from all of the traveling that she must have done.”
“But why?” 
“Why what?” Habala asked.
“Why did she come all of this way?” Basha said.
“I don’t know,” Habala said, looking away from him. “She did not say.” She would not tell him about the oracle. She would not tell him anything about the predictions his mother had made, about her death and about him being a boy, which had come true. It was not true what oracles said.
That a secret like this was kept for so long, though, was testament to the fact that Habala and Geda were adamant in speaking to their fellow townspeople, customers, and family members about not saying anything at all about Kala to Basha, Oaka, or any young children around Basha’s and Oaka’s ages who might share that secret with the boys. And it was also testament to the fact that people had listened to them, or had decided for themselves, to respect their wishes and not blab too much about Basha’s heritage, except in privacy where neither Basha nor Oaka could get wind of it. Of course, those circumstances had changed now, but it was a miracle that the secret had lasted for this long.
Kala was the first person to die under his watch, Geda had thought to himself as he stood at the bar, drinking a pint of ale that he had poured for himself and listening to Habala explain everything—or as much as she was able to—to Basha and Oaka. There were two other people—a drunkard who had drank too much and an old man who had passed away in his sleep—that had died here at the inn in the eight years since. He was proud of this place, but it disturbed him to no end to have witnessed Kala’s death here, not to mention the circumstances of her death, the question of whether or not she had killed a man, and how she had seemed to know that she would die. These things had haunted Habala as well, he knew, yet they had not been able to fully absorb those events at the time, especially as they still had to take care of two babes plus the inn. 
They never had any more children after that, which Geda was fine with, for the most part, as he had sworn to his wife that she would not have to take care of a bunch of screaming, howling babies running around the inn. And the pregnancy and delivery of Oaka had been difficult enough for her to deal with, not to mention witnessing Basha’s birth. She would not be like the baron’s wife, Habala had said all those years ago, bearing four children with a fifth one on the way. (The baron’s wife, Simavana, he believed, was her name, died soon afterward with the birth of Sisila.) Habala had grown up the youngest child in a large family, and she did not like it. Habala probably would have added Mawen’s name to this example, but this was before Mawen added four more children to the two she already had then, Jawen and Sencaen.
Geda had been the eldest son of his family, which was how he came to inherit the inn, with Smidge and his little sister, Dorvina, as his only siblings, and by Coe Baba standards, that was not a very large family. In any case, he had to take care of the inn and raise two boys right, one of which was not even his own, but he still had to try, especially when Habala had promised Kala, and it all fatigued Geda to no end. He still got these nagging doubts, especially about Basha and the inn, and what sort of future they were all going to have if Lapo expanded his business to inn-keeping. What if the boys had to compete with that? And what if Basha could not be supported by whatever remains were left to him when Geda died, and the inn passed on to Oaka? Geda was so worried about raising his two boys right, especially the one that should not be neglected, that he got around to taking care of his and Habala’s own needs very minimally, especially when they were not usually in the mood, and so they had had no more children.
Geda was frustrated and he hated Coe Baba in particular, because he had seen enough here to know that he wanted to leave the town forever. There was no advantage for him living here, when Coe Baba was not the most enlightened place in the world. He felt no disgrace for living here in Coe Baba, a small town that was not a den of lust and greed like other towns might be, but Coe Baba was as average as can be, a perfect place for those who did not like a lot of action. But Geda was not the sort of man to sit back and rest. Hardly anything ever changed around here, and while change might be bad at times, he had the notion that change at least livened things up a little bit. Without change, nothing happened, and if nothing happened, then nothing would exist. He was proud to have figured that one out for himself. 
But Coe Baba was not for intellectuals, nor for men of great standing, as Coe Baba was not very distinguished. Nobody did anything important around here, beyond what average life required, beyond what was important to a husband and a wife. Coe Baba was for little people trying to live out their lives in a decent, hardworking fashion, namely by settling down and raising a family that one could be proud of and providing everything that they needed, and Geda had come to accept that, settling into his role as a husband and provider to his children. But Geda couldn’t help relishing the thought sometimes of what he might have been like if he had been born somewhere else. Could he have been a great scholar? Could he have been a great statesman in Coe Kiki? Could he have risen to the top of the highest mountain, climbing past his strength and endurance, to see beyond the clouds?
Unfortunately, he had been born here in Coe Baba. Everybody needed a place where they were loved and supported, and Coe Baba was that place for him. Not everybody was loved and supported, Geda knew, and so he counted himself lucky, he supposed, to have a wife and two boys who loved him very much, plus the inn to support them all with. However, the boys had been a mistake in the larger sense, but he wasn’t going to quibble about that. This was his life, and he loved it, or so he told himself.

Even before he found out that he was possibly a balnor, Basha had wanted to see the ocean. It was about seventy miles beyond the River Daneuve heading north, but when there was so much left in the world for travelers to fear, and no real reason why Basha or anyone else should go to the coastline near Coe Baba when cliffs separated the land from the water, making it impossible for ships to land or sail off from this point, much less allow people to walk along the shoreline, so Basha had never seen it. But Basha wanted to see the ocean, even if he could not swim in it, or stick his feet in the water, because he had heard of the ocean from other people, most often the travelers who stopped by the inn infrequently, and the way they tried to describe the ocean made him imagine a great pool of water, with waves washing up onto the shore and dashing themselves against the rock. He had wanted to go there to see something amazing, maybe something that could not be described by other people, especially at the tender young age of seven, but when he was eight and found out that he was possibly a balnor, he decided to run away from home. 
Though everybody in his family tried to be nice to him, especially Oaka, who called him “my brother” and insisted they should try to find some way of getting back at Jawen for what she had said to him, still Basha felt like distancing himself from them and deciding on his own what he wanted to do—almost as if he wanted to see if he could survive on his own without his family. So he had chosen to go to the ocean, without much thought as to where else he was going to go. Though he was still frightened, remembering the gruelmoff that had nearly attacked him and Oaka, he was willing to take the risk of going through the forest, as that was the only way to reach the ocean.
He set off several days after the mud-ball turnip fight, sneaking off late in the afternoon. He had stashed a backpack just outside of town and had stuffed it full of food from the pantry during those few days before he left, hoping it would be enough to tide him over for the trip. He wandered about during the daytime in the forest, the trees looking pretty much the same wherever he went. He would not admit to himself then that he was lost, or that he did not really know where he was going. The second night, after he had stopped and fallen asleep, exhausted from a full day of walking, he was awakened by a loud scratching noise. 
Basha opened his eyes and froze, peering at giant rats. They were scuttling through the brush toward him, rats as large as he was, not nearly as large as the gruelmoff, but still, they were frightening. Basha woke up fully and rose, standing with his back against a tree trunk, now truly convinced that this wasn’t a nightmare. He grabbed his backpack and swung it around, hoping that would scare off the rats, but they kept coming toward him after only brief pauses. Basha licked his lips and then jumped over the tree’s roots, scrambling about in the dark as he tried to not get bitten by the rats dogging his footsteps. He peered about, hoping not to run into anything as he dodged the rats and narrowly avoided obstacles, keeping a hold on his backpack.
It was dark, but not as dark as he had expected once his eyes had adjusted. The moon tonight was full, at least, and there was no cloud cover. Basha ducked tree branches and looked up, spotting something moving about in the canopy. Were the rats up there as well? No, there was something else, something larger than the rats, almost human-shaped. In fact, it was human, as far as he could tell.
Basha tripped and fell onto the ground. He tried to get up, but the backpack was in his way, and the rats swarmed all over him. He tried to scream as the rats opened their mouths, their sharp pointy fangs directed at him, but then something swooped down over him and sprayed a mist about him. Basha coughed and choked inside of the cloud, but the rats suffered even worse convulsions as they curled up, squealing in pain, retching, and twitching. Basha gasped for air, and someone grabbed his hand, swinging him out of the cloud and into the open with the backpack wrenching his arm.
“Run,” a woman’s voice said before she unclipped something from her belt.
Basha’s eyes were tearing up so much that he could barely see her, dressed in dark clothes, and he felt disoriented enough to hoarsely ask, “Mother?,” thinking for a moment that Kala was not dead, but back from the grave. His hand gripped the backpack even tighter.
The woman shook her head. “I’m sorry, Basha, but I’m not your mother. Now go!” she cried, twisting whatever she held and throwing it at the cloud. She pushed him away, and he ran, feeling a blast of warm air at his back in the night. He was flung forward and landed on the ground, groaning as he felt like he had broken every bone in his body. He passed out as a fire burned merrily and brightly a short distance away from him.
***
Basha woke up the next morning, groaning and still stiff but able to move at least, though it was painful at times. Smoke still wafted in the air. He sniffed it and coughed, hacking at the smell of burnt hide and fur, the twisted bristles of those rats who had coveted him. They smelled awful. 
He glanced back and saw a pile a short distance away, or what remained of the pile, drifting away on the wind; he thought it would dissolve within a matter of moments.
What was this? he thought to himself, shaking his head and standing up, his backpack still hanging on but just barely. He noticed it was burned slightly. He couldn’t…Who was that woman? he thought; why were those rats chasing after him, and what were those weapons she had used? They were awesome in a fearful way.
Basha shook his head; he could not solve this problem here, especially when it looked like the woman had gone. He glanced around, wondering if she was still here. She seemed to have come out of nowhere; maybe she had been following him. But that was ridiculous, right? Almost as ridiculous as the Old Man fighting a gruelmoff…
Basha shuddered and cleared his throat, glancing around again before he set off. He tried to think the problem through as he ate breakfast, but apparently he ate too much, and the food was all gone before evening fell. He found no solution.
Basha shuddered that night, sitting on the ground and rocking back and forth, hoping he would not fall asleep again. 
The rats might get him. The rats had been killed, but there could be more. Basha was not alone. He heard voices in the distance. His ears pricked up, and he looked around. No, it couldn’t be, but still he called, “Hello!,” hoping.
“Basha!” the voice called, and he knew who it was.
“Uncle Smidge!” Basha cried.
“Basha!” Another voice, Geda.
“Father!” Basha cried and stood up as Uncle Smidge, Geda, and the rest of the search party entered into the clearing. 
By the time they found him, he was exhausted, hungry, thirsty, and a little bit clammy, after sweating day and night with fear, fever, delirium, and the heat. Apparently he had not gotten far from town.  Geda and the search party found him seven miles into the forest, three nights after he had vanished from home. It certainly seemed as if he had traveled farther than seven miles, though he might have been going around in circles after having lost his sense of direction, going south instead of north after a while.
When he came back home, his mother hugged him like she never wanted to let go of him, his older brother played with him like nothing bad had happened, and Jawen even apologized to him after a little while. So first time Basha and Jawen ever spoke to each other, face-to-face in real conversation, was when Jawen apologized for calling him a balnor in the mud-ball turnip fight. 
“Not as sorry as I am!” Basha exclaimed after her apology, turning to her. He had been playing with toy soldiers his grandfather had made for him when she had surprised him; otherwise he would have run away long before she had ever gotten the chance to speak to him. “I only wanted to belong, I always have. But to learn the truth has been hard, far harder than I would have expected.” He shook his head, looking down at the toy soldiers. “I’m left with more questions than answers, puzzled by everything around me, and I am hurt far more deeply than even I had realized,” he said, knocking down the toy soldiers. 
“I’m sorry,” Jawen whispered.
“I only wanted to belong because I felt out of place here, even before I knew the truth, and now that I have the truth of why I don’t belong here, it sickens me,” Basha said. “Why am I left here, to while away my time trying to solve this problem when there is no answer in sight?” he asked. “No solution to…How can I prove it to you, and to others, that I am not a balnor? That I have worth, and a real mother and father?”
“Basha, you don’t have to prove anything to me!” Jawen said, turning around and walking away from him. “I only wanted to apologize to you,” she muttered.
“Jawen, wait!” Basha said, getting up to follow her. She stopped and turned back to him. “Thank you for apologizing to me, and thank you for telling me the truth, or leading me to the truth, even though you didn’t know what it was.” 
“Why are you thanking me? What is so special about the truth?” Jawen asked.
“The truth is special when it means something important,” Basha said. “Or at least that’s what I want to believe.” Jawen shook her head and walked away from him, not really understanding what he meant.
She returned the next day, however. “The truth is special when it means something important to you?” she asked him.
“Oh, hello, Jawen,” Basha said, looking up at her. “I had hoped that you might come back.”
“I had to come back after I thought about your words for a little while,” Jawen said, shaking her head as she sat down next to him. “Does it have to be good, what the truth is, or does it have to mean something important enough to be considered good?”
“Well, the truth can be anything, good or bad, depending on how you phrase it or what you are searching for in the first place,” Basha said. “But if it is important enough to you, then it is special, whether or not it is good.”
“Huh. That’s interesting, I suppose,” Jawen said, not really looking at him.
“Jawen, I’m sorry for getting upset with you yesterday.”
“No big deal, considering what you’ve been through,” Jawen said. “I just thought…I knew you’d be mad at me about what I said, but I had no idea what sort of trouble you had.”
“That is no excuse, I suppose.” Basha sighed, looking down.
A year passed as Basha and Jawen tried to be friends, to make up for their past mistakes, but that did not work out. “My father is in jail!” Basha cried, running up to Jawen.
“What? Why?” Jawen asked, turning to face him.
“My father, he got into a fight with your father,” Basha said, his voice and his mind rushing as he tried to explain. “He accused your father of taking too much money from the exchanges between the furniture makers and store owners, and your father got him arrested for civil disobedience, or civil unrest, or something like that.”
“I don’t believe you—that’s absurd!” Jawen cried, shaking her head. “My father would never steal. He’s just trying to protect his livelihood, the thing that keeps himself, and his family, alive…Are you sure he got your father arrested?”
“He did, I’m pretty sure—that’s what Oaka told me!” Basha cried, overexcited and overwhelmed by this sudden development. “We were too busy having fun to know what was going on. How can you defend your father, Jawen?” Basha asked, turning to her. “They were both fighting, but then your father got away free.”
“I don’t know why it happened, or how it happened exactly, I just heard of it,” Jawen said, shaking her head. “But my father is a good man, and the whole town depends on him, not just me and my family. He wouldn’t have someone arrested without just cause. And how can your father believe my father would do such a thing?” Jawen sighed. “I’m telling you that it’s all wrong. Your father is wrong.” 
“My father is in jail because of your father,” Basha said, furious. “You can’t believe that this is right. My father is right, and your father is wrong. Your father has too much stuff, and that just doesn’t seem fair. The baron seems to be too friendly with your father as well, or at least that’s what I hear. What if my father was right?”
“Listen to me—my father affords all of that stuff from the labor of transporting items from town to town,” Jawen insisted, matching his temper. “And the baron is only friendly with him because my father is a good man who has talent and drive, and he’s able to get all of that stuff back and forth without it costing too much either way. And there are plenty of expenses with transporting and selling items, let me tell you—enough to justify whatever my father takes from those furniture makers and store owners! Your father is just jealous.”
“Jealous?” Basha exclaimed.
“Jealous that he can’t make such a profit with his shoddy old inn and his lousy drinks. He can’t travel like my father can, so he has to make up all of these lies and deceive everybody into believing that he is a great man, better than my father.” 
“My father would never do such a thing,” Basha said, shaking his head. “I don’t believe you, I don’t! My father is a better man than your father, and he can’t beat your father because your father is too powerful! Your father has too much control over this town!”
“Jealousy runs in the family,” Jawen said. “You’re just jealous that he has so much control, and he can provide for me far better than you can…balnor.”
Basha gasped and Jawen stiffened, but it was too late for Jawen to take back that hated word. “That’s it, I’m leaving,” Basha said, walking away from her. Basha did not mean everything that he had said, and neither did Jawen, but the truth had snuck in there, or their own versions of it at least, and so they parted for many years.
Those nights when he had been lost in the forest were so dark, and he had been so scared that he tried to block the whole experience out of his memory. He forgot all about it as the years went by. He could not remember much of what he had seen or what had happened to him inside the forest. He decided that he would never attempt to go to the coastline again, although as the years went on, and he contemplated his own options for the future, he wondered what a perfect place it might be, the ocean, and what joy and comfort he might find there, living far from the tensions of a small town like Coe Baba.
For though Basha tried to proceed as if everything was normal and right with him, he couldn’t pretend for very long that nothing was wrong, not with himself and not with others. Everything seemed to remind Basha of what was wrong with him. He couldn’t go back to the way things were before he knew, even though he tried, because he noticed things now that he never had before, like the whispers and mutterings of others, the children and adults old enough to know how he had been born, about him and his birth mother. And the whispers and mutterings transferred to others, the children his age and younger, and once they knew, he knew. And so he continued, even though it was hard, to coexist with this knowledge.

When I was seventeen and eighteen, I had two adventures of my own. The first was when I was trying to protect Basha in the forest after he ran away from home, soon after he found out that he was not Geda and Habala’s son. That was a close call, especially with the rats.
The Old Man contacted Kala after I helped bring him home safely, having learned how to summon her spirit, and I was able now to see and hear her.
“They’ve gotten close to locating him,” the Old Man told her.
“How close?” Kala asked.
“Close enough that he was just a few feet away from being killed,” he said, but it was much closer than that, and “eaten” probably would have been a better word.
“We need to get him out of here,” Kala said.
“What?” the Old Man said, looking up. I sealed my lips and stayed in the corner during these conversations with Kala. She seemed so strange, detached from all of us, perhaps because she was dead. We could perceive her only faintly from where she appeared in the circle drawn on the floor; she could not move away from it, and her voice came to us from a distance. Or, perhaps, she had even been that detached in life, I thought.
“He is vulnerable where he is, too close to the townspeople,” Kala insisted. “We need to get him away from here, far from other people, so that he can discover his identity without falling into a trap.”
She had a point, but…“He is too young!” the Old Man insisted. “He is only seven, eight years old! A boy, even one like him, can’t stay away from people all of his life. He needs to know friendship, family, love—he needs that.” 
Kala slowly nodded. “You are right. I have forgotten; I have overlooked the truth on the other side,” she said, pacing in her circle. “He cannot be isolated from life, as that is his strength, his hope, yet it is dangerous for him. We need him to be the tiger; we need him to find his role. He cannot be sheltered forever, yet he must be protected.” She stopped and turned to the Old Man. “We need him to be the tiger, yet it is too soon. What must we do?” 
“We will protect him,” the Old Man said, “until he is old enough. That is all we can do.”
“For how long, Old Man? And when will he be ready?” Kala asked. “Every day is a step in the wrong direction; every year is an eternity so long as Doomba lives. We must prevent Doomba from rising again!” 
I squirmed in the corner, wishing to speak but unwilling to face Kala. She scared me, even after what I had faced in the forest.
“He will not rise,” the Old Man said, “that I can promise. For now, we will try our best.” The Old Man sent her back before she could say another word.
The second adventure I had, when I was eighteen…I cannot say what it was just yet. Perhaps I will share that story another day. It involves another world, one that I stumbled into when the Old Man was experimenting with the portals. Perhaps that is how I gained another perspective of my world.
Chapter Eighteen: Fish Guts
When Loqwa, god of death, dug into the ocean floor,
He disturbed not only demons, but also Welda of love and compassion, Bidana of wealth and fate, and Sitha of mystery and magic. They awoke, and rose.
--Legends of Arria

“It’s a long way to go, and a long long way to get there; it’s a long way to go, and a long long way to get there…” Basha and Oaka sang nearly in tandem as they walked toward the river, their strides in beat. They were sixteen years old.
Sunlight saturated their surroundings with heat and bright colors this early afternoon. The humidity from the river, the sweat from living things, and the morning dew from the plants moisturized the air. 
“Oaka, do you suppose I’ll get into the town militia when we get the chance to try out next year?” Basha asked. His thoughts had turned ahead to the future, as they usually did in times of anticipation, like when he was excited about what the day might bring. The cool, crisp, clean water called out to him, and he bounded ahead, ready to douse himself in the waves that he imagined coming, as the water was bound for the ocean and would someday swirl and mingle with the tide. 
“Not a chance,” Oaka said with a laugh. “You have about as much of a chance of that happening as you do of catching a shark in the river.” Oaka had a more pragmatic way of viewing things, although he was a bit of a jokester. 
Each fellow carried a pail of fish bait from worms to meat to lures, puffed up like little minnows that would dance about and make larger fish dart at them. Each also had a fishing pole slung against a shoulder.
“I’ve been practicing, you know I have.” Basha frowned. “I’ve got most of the moves down for ‘stringent defense,’ and I think I can make a pretty good attack.”
“Basha, you’re not doing it hard enough yet,” Oaka insisted, stopping for a moment to put down his pail and take up his fishing pole like a sword. He said, “First of all, you’re not angled right.” He adjusted his angle, showing the position he was standing in. He stood close to six feet tall, as tall as an oak sapling. “Then you get too relaxed, you see”—Oaka demonstrated—“and that’s no good when you don’t even hold your sword up high enough.”
“That’s wrong, Oaka,” Basha said, sweating but unable to stand watching anymore. He went over to stand beside his brother. He stood just over five feet tall, about the height of a goat on its hind legs. Basha felt like a goat sometimes, compared to his older brother. 
Holding his own “sword” up after placing the worm pail down, Basha said, “The arm should be stiff, I agree, but not too stiff at the side.” He demonstrated. “The arm should be held close to the waist, approximately at a forward angle.” He held his arm up as Oaka studied him. “The arm should be loose, loose enough to move forward at a good speed, but not so loose that—”
“No, you’ve got to maintain your strength; you’re losing strength with speed!” Oaka exclaimed and then tried to demonstrate this principle by swinging his pole at Basha. “You can’t lose the strength with speed, or else you’ll be dead! Just think, if you were to face Doomba or something like that, how long would you last?”
“What are you talking about?” Basha asked, meeting Oaka’s pole with his own. “You’re not very strong when you fight, Oaka! You move too fast!” he cried, counterbalancing Oaka’s attacks. “You remind me of a monkey or a rooster when you fight! You would be the one dead!”
“I would be…I remind you of…anyway,” Oaka said, renewing his attack on Basha, “I’m scared half of the time, dodging fellows, and then I’m thinking to myself, ‘I’ve got to make up for my lost time with strength, not speed; I’ve got to make up for my lost time with strength, not speed!’”
Basha counterattacked, smacking Oaka’s fishing pole. “But then why are you so scared of the other fellows?” he asked, surprised that Oaka could be scared by anything so mundane when sometimes he seemed fearless.
Oaka grunted and then broke away from Basha. “That’s because I’m usually facing big, fat doofuses, like Hastin,” he said, pointing ahead.
Basha blinked and turned around, spotting Hastin coming down the path. He stood almost as tall as Oaka but was twice as wide, with broad shoulders and face, not to mention cheeks and a chin that were getting a little stubbly with a black beard forming. Hastin fought, and even looked, like a bulldog or a great ape sometimes. 
“What is Jawen doing with him?” Basha asked, noticing the young woman strolling along at Hastin’s side, clutching his arm. She wasn’t supposed to be with Hastin. What did Jawen see in Hastin that she did not see in him?
“Who cares? She’s just as stuck-up as he is,” Oaka muttered to Basha. “Good morning, Hastin, Jawen!” Oaka greeted the pair as they came closer to them. “Or afternoon, I should say,” he added, putting his fishing pole back up onto his shoulder.
“Morning,” Hastin said gruffly, stopping abruptly. Jawen halted as well, but she did not look up at Oaka or Basha. “Where are you two off to?” he asked suspiciously.
“To the river, Hastin,” Oaka said, waving his fishing pole for attention, as obvious as it was. “We’re going to catch us a couple of big fish for dinner tonight.” 
Hastin could have easily passed for someone older than eighteen. Maybe she saw a man in Hastin that she did not see in Basha? Basha nearly slapped his own face in embarrassment; it was awkward standing in front of Hastin and Jawen, when Basha did not really know what to say to her.
Jawen usually stood in front of him, dancing with the girls at the king’s birthday celebration, while he sang, “All glory, laud, and honor to King Sonnagh of Arria, who in his earthly raiment surpasses all but the gods that dwell above Salarria…” in the boys’ chorus. It had been that way for many years now, and she had seldom ever looked back at him. There was also the more embarrassing memory that he had of…No, he would not dwell on that; he would focus only on the positive.
“Big fish?” Jawen suddenly said, though still not looking up at them. “I think you two would want some scrawnier ones to fit inside your mouths and stomachs.” She finally looked up at them, smirking. “Or is it that your mouth is so big that it can swallow three whole fish at a time, Oaka?” 
Oaka frowned as Basha groaned. Arria, may you reign in her name, Arria, may you be with us evermore…The words seemed to echo in Basha’s mind. Jawen always seemed to have this effect on him.
Hastin gaped at Jawen and then laughed. “That is a good one, Jawen, my dear!”
“Don’t call me ‘my dear,’” Jawen said. 
Basha’s ears perked up at this. May the gods Tau, Quela, and all the rest bless you and keep you until Loqwa’s day…
She turned back to Oaka. “The way you two were pirouetting about just now, I thought you were going to port de bras the fish.” 
Hastin hooted and hollered. “I don’t know what that means, but yes, that’s exactly what I was thinking of! The dancing, and whatnot,” he exclaimed, once his mind caught up with him.
“Let it go, Hastin.” Jawen sighed. 
Oaka, fuming all of this time, said, “Your mouth is so big, Jawen, you’ve…got some nerve coming over here to talk to us like this, when you’re the one here who is a cold fish!”
Basha gasped. Hastin stormed toward Oaka, but Oaka lunged to the side, bent down, grabbed a pail of fish bait, and tossed it at Hastin. 
May we never forget what you have brought forth onto us… Basha half muttered the verse to himself as Hastin sputtered, covered in fish guts, worms, and mud, with a little fishhook tacked onto his ear. Jawen grimaced and Oaka couldn’t stop laughing as Basha grabbed Oaka’s hand and dragged him off, fishing pail and pole flying and dropping onto the ground. 
They ran deeper into the forest to avoid Hastin as Basha softly sang, “Arria, may you reign in her name, Arria, may you be with us evermore…,” out of breath.
“Did you see that?” Oaka cried, laughing even louder. “Did you see what…I got him! I got him, Basha!” 
“He could have gotten us,” Basha said, annoyed. “If you hadn’t…” He shook his head. “Why did you have to insult Jawen like that?” 
“Jawen! She was insulting us!” Oaka stopped, halting Basha as well. “I had to stand up for ourselves, or risk losing our reputations.” He jerked his hand out of Basha’s grip. “Why did you not speak up for us?” 
Arria… “I did not want to fight her,” Basha said.
“You never want to fight her,” Oaka said, snorting before he turned and looked all around them. “Where’s all of our stuff?” 
“I didn’t…She’s not worth it,” Basha said.
“That’s the ticket!” Oaka yelled before turning and storming away. “We left it all behind. We’re not going fishing anymore.”
Basha looked away and sighed. He should have stood up for himself and Oaka against Hastin, but not Jawen, never Jawen. Just as he went after Oaka, something grabbed his foot, and he nearly tripped. “Oh! Pardon me, Basha,” said a female voice from the bush beside him. “I thought you were Oaka.” 
“Sisila!” Oaka cried, coming back to the bush. “What are you doing down there?” 
Sisila’s black hair emerged from the bush first, followed by the rest of her. She stood just below Oaka’s chest, shorter than Basha even. She said, “I came here with my brother and Jawen, but then those two ran off on their own, and I heard you two coming…Well, I had to grab a hold of you, Oaka.” She smiled. “Who were you two talking about just now?” she asked, eying both of them suspiciously like Hastin had. 
“Nothing,” Oaka said, handing over his fishing pole and pail to a still-stunned Basha trying to open his mouth. “Does your brother happen to know about us?” 
“Why do you ask?” Sisila frowned. “Did he…No, I don’t think so, but—”
“Never mind, never mind,” Oaka said, climbing into the bush with Sisila. “It doesn’t matter. I was hoping to run into you,” he said, disappearing into the greenery with his arms wrapped around her.
“You always say that,” Sisila said, giggling as she vanished too.
Basha sighed again and went off on his own, leaving Oaka and Sisila to their privacy. Oaka should be more careful now about how he handled his relationship with Sisila, especially if Hastin was getting suspicious. Now that he thought about it, it was pretty obvious to him that they were going to the river, fishing poles in hand, but Hastin might have thought that Oaka was coming here on a pretense to visit Sisila instead.
“And another thing…Oh. I thought you were Oaka,” Jawen said, coming out from behind a tree. 
“Jawen, what were you doing back there?” Basha asked, gasping as he turned around. People were popping up all over the place!
“Where is he? I want to talk to him,” Jawen said.
“Why does everyone think that I’m…I’m not Oaka!” Basha cried, still off on a tangent. “Do I even look like Oaka?” he asked her. “I don’t think I look a thing like him, but now I wonder.”
“I’m sorry, forget it,” Jawen said, turning away from him.
“No no no no, wait, wait,” Basha said, stopping her. “I’m sorry for what Oaka called you, I…He never meant it in such a negative way.”
“Negative way? What could be so negative about being called a ‘cold fish’?” Jawen said sarcastically, turning back to him. “I’m sorry, but he just irks me.” She shuddered in disgust and paused. “So, how about you, Basha? Are you doing okay?” she asked slowly. 
“Well, sort of,” Basha said, kicking his boots against the ground and looking down. “I’ve been keeping busy. You know, doing sword-work, practicing for the militia tryouts, working at the inn, keeping busy.” He sighed to himself. “Doing nothing but what I have done for the past four years now.” 
“Are you going to be in the Border Guards?” Jawen asked. “Or staying at the inn?”
“I don’t know,” Basha said, shrugging as he continued to kick the ground. “I hope to get away and join the Border Guards, but I might be stuck at the inn. I’ve tried my hand at some other trades—craftsmen on my mother’s side of the family—but I couldn’t make it. The clothes I made wouldn’t fit right, the chairs would fall apart, and the clocks would unwind. I couldn’t fix any of it,” he said, hoping to elicit a smile from her. 
“The storeowners on my father’s side of the family took me in after a little while, but I couldn’t sell anything either. I got orders mixed up, things would smash, and then I yelled at a customer and a fellow employee. I was a bad employee overall,” he said, smiling a little bit when she smiled as well.
“Basha, you’re hopeless,” Jawen said.
“No, but, Jawen, the thing is, I’m good at sword-fighting,” Basha said. “That seems to be my greatest strength, and I do have a good education, you know.” He usually didn’t boast, but being around Jawen made him want to stand up a little taller and impress her. 
“Basha, you might be smart, but you have limited choices,” Jawen said, stopping him. “Even I know that.”
“It kills me sometimes to be faced with that fact, but I can change, Jawen,” Basha said. “I know that I could do great things if only I had more of an opportunity.” 
“An opportunity? What sort of things are you thinking of?” Jawen asked, leaning toward him.
“An opportunity, a chance for something more. I don’t really know what I want to do, but I have an inkling, in the back of my mind, that there is something more to me than this: the Border Guards, or the inn. Those two things are diametric opposites!” 
“Basha, you’re sweet, and I do believe in you, opportunity or no opportunity,” Jawen said. She surprised him with a kiss, his first time ever.
Tau’s Cup was brought forth unto you, to prove that you are king among men… he thought joyfully in that moment before her lips parted from his. “I might be willing to give you a chance if you believe in me too,” Jawen said, smiling.
May you never forget that all the gods dwell above you… The words echoed in his brain as he said, “I believe in you, Jawen,” and he kissed her. “I believe in everything that you do,” he whispered.
Protect us, and keep the peace, guide us forth into prosperity, and joyfulness, we ask it of you, the people of Arria. This was beyond anything he had ever dreamed of, in his wildest wilderness of hope; he had never imagined…He could not believe that this was really happening to him. 
“Thank you, Basha, thank you,” Jawen said, kissing him again. Arria, may you reign in her name, Arria, may you be with us evermore…The kiss shifted something buried deep down inside of him. It stirred, longing to get out and face the world with teeth bared and claws extended to prove that he had what it took to survive, but for now it stayed buried. Arria, Arria…It roared into life and death as he kissed her in return. He was alive and wanted to live.
Something else stirred and looked toward him, if not at him.
“Basha…” Jawen started to say, when suddenly she was pushed aside.
“You leave her alone!” Hastin cried, punching Basha in the stomach. Basha gasped and stumbled backward, coughing as he tried to concentrate with his vision swimming.
“Basha! Hastin, leave him alone!” Jawen yelled, getting up and storming toward them.
 “Jawen, I was just…I’m sorry I pushed you…” Hastin started to say.
“We’re going, Hastin,” she said, turning away from him. “Good-bye, Basha, see you in a little while,” she said before striding away from the two young men.
Hastin went after her. “I’m sorry, Jawen, it was an accident. I didn’t mean to hurt you!”
Basha blinked a few times and coughed again as he inhaled and exhaled, staying focused so that he didn’t pass out. He managed to move over toward a tree. He leaned against it and groaned with the soreness of his stomach, feeling where Hastin’s punch had landed still. 
He closed his eyes and smiled, feeling slightly warm at the memory of Jawen’s kisses. He slid down and sighed, sitting with his back against the tree, deciding that it was worth it. He would be with Jawen, no matter what.
***
Earlier, Jawen grimaced as Hastin sputtered through his coating of fish bait. “I can’t handle this! I’ve got to go to the river and wash myself off,” he said, nodding, as he turned away from her.
Jawen had expected to see Hastin in some sticky, messy situations, but nothing had prepared her for this. “I’ll come with you,” she said.
“No,” Hastin said, turning back to her. “I don’t want you to see me me na…like this.” He cleared his throat. “I’ll be back soon. Go look for my sister and tell her that we’re going home. I don’t want her hanging around here with men like Oaka.” He shuddered. “They left all of their fishing stuff here,” Hastin said, banging his foot on a fishing pole as he left.
Jawen sighed. She had hoped Hastin would not be shy around her. But the more she tried to open up to him, the more he clammed up with her. And then when he wanted to be friendly with her, to make up for whatever shortcomings he had, she was hostile to him. It was complicated, and it never seemed to work out between them.
Jawen went off in search of Sisila. Sisila was getting herself into trouble a lot these days, dating Oaka. Sisila and Oaka had been going out for a while, a lot longer than most couples in their young adulthood, but Sisila still lived at home and had to deal with her father and brother if she wanted to sneak out and see Oaka. 
Jawen could not believe that Sisila would take such risks for a boy like Oaka, who was terrible in her opinion, but she knew how much Sisila loved Oaka, and so long as he didn’t hurt Sisila, Jawen believed that she would not interfere. She thought that Sisila and Oaka might even work out as a couple, for despite the risks, they were in love, and maybe that was worth it, even though they might not get married…Jawen hesitated at such a thought. 
Perhaps that was a bad thing to think about, but Jawen could not help thinking that there was more to life than just being married. Even though she was dating Hastin, and her father was encouraging her to think of him as potential husband, the youngest son of the baron being a good choice for marriage, she couldn’t help thinking that there was nothing there between them. 
Hastin and her—it would never work out between them, because she thought he was too dumb, and, well, she didn’t care enough for him. He was just the older brother of her best friend, and she still saw him as the boy who stuck his finger up his nose whenever he thought no one was watching. 
She wanted someone who had a little more flash, a little more substance, a little more something…someone who was not taken up with appearances but believed in something more beneath the surface. She had not thought much about her ideal husband, but she was certain Hastin was not it.
She had never been left alone for very long inside the forest, she thought to herself as she looked around. Always there was someone beside her, it seemed, wherever she went. It might be a friend, a boyfriend, a sibling, a parent, anyone at all, but Jawen always had company.
Sometimes Jawen thought that there were people watching her, unseen or out in public, and she was not sure if this was just her imagination, stemming from her parents telling her to always be on her best behavior ever since she was a young girl, or if it might be true. She hated that thought.
That was when she ran into Basha, thinking he was Oaka. She watched him as he spoke, listening to what he had to say but also thinking about what she had decided to do. 
She knew that Basha was a decent young man, that he was pretty sweet and friendly with her. Jawen knew they had a bit of a history, but she thought that this time she would get along better with him, that she could overlook those problems. 
They kissed, and she knew that she liked Basha, but then Hastin interfered. She was so angry that she immediately said, once they were out of earshot of Basha, “You don’t mean anything to me anymore, Hastin. I’m sorry to have to tell you this, but I am breaking up with you.”
“Jawen, you can’t. What would your father say?” Hastin asked.
She stopped. “How dare you! My father has nothing more to say to me about you,” she insisted. “I have made my decision, and that is final. Now go away, Hastin, and leave me alone!” She strode away from him, and Hastin left her alone.
There—now she was free, free to do whatever she pleased, and what pleased her most right now was the thought of dating Basha. 
She would start off slow with him, but the thing that frightened her most was her father finding out about her and Basha dating each other after she had just broken up with Hastin. That would not look good to him, and she had to stay in her father’s good graces. 
She would have to think of something to distract him so he would not notice her dating Basha or slipping off and sneaking away. It would require a lot of planning, but it would be worth it, she hoped.
She looked up into a tree and shuddered. She thought she saw something watching her. What had she seen? Was it a person or an animal? 
If it was an animal, it was pretty big. She had heard horrible stories about Black Wolves and other animals that haunted the forest, able to maul or kill a person without a single thought. And if it was a person, whoever they were, they were pretty fast, with the swiftness of a shadow and able to vanish just as quickly. She was afraid sometimes, and perhaps that was why she never went alone anywhere if she could help it. 
But sometimes there were reasons why such fears were not groundless, when you needed someone else to protect you, because the world was so much more dangerous than it seemed on a bright, sunny day.

“You and Jawen? Dating?” Oaka said. “No, you and Jawen cannot go out with each other.” 
“Why not? What’s so wrong with that?” Basha asked. The two of them had been floating in the water of the River Daneuve, with Sisila sitting up on the bank, idly picking at a flower, when Basha decided to bring up the topic of what had occurred between him, Jawen, and Hastin while Oaka and Sisila had been on their own. That had disturbed their floating, and the boys treaded water now as Sisila looked at them with interest.
“Hastin?” Sisila said, shaking her head in disappointment as she thought about what had just happened.
“It would be a disaster of the worst kind since the two of you tried to be friends a few years ago,” Oaka told Basha. “Remember what happened to our father? It cannot work out between the two of you.”
“Why not?” Basha asked, smiling. It was a fake smile, as what had happened to their father was still disappointing and shocking to him. Geda had been released, but it was still unfair that his father had been in jail at all, thanks to Lapo. “We were just children back then, and not very understanding of each other either,” Basha said, shaking his head. “I had never been friends with a girl before. It was a friendship, not a relationship, and we weren’t too serious about each other either.” He sighed. “The fact is, I had no idea of what I was getting into, and Jawen, she probably didn’t know me very well either. But now that we know each other a little better, and a lot of time that has passed, I think that we are mature enough to be adults and get involved in a relationship. We might be the most perfect couple since you and Sisila,” he added. “What happened in the past between our two families won’t affect us now.”
Oaka frowned. “You don’t know the first thing about Jawen!” he exclaimed. “You just think you do. You don’t know whether or not she is serious about all of this, or if this is just some kind of fling for her!”
“Well—”
“Excuse me,” Sisila was saying.
“I am serious about her, and I know that, given time, she will be just as serious as I am,” Basha said.
“Oaka, I’m sorry if this might seem rude, but could you please stop insulting my friend?” Sisila asked.
“What?” Oaka said, turning to Sisila.
“I’m sorry, Oaka, but she is my best friend, and you always seem to belittle her.”
“I’m sorry, Sisila, but she insults me, and she insults Basha too sometimes. How can you be friends with her?” 
“I see where my loyalties lie,” Sisila said. “And while I do love you, Oaka, I cannot abandon my friend to a fate of loneliness. We do not see eye to eye sometimes, but she has always been there for me, and I will always be there for her.” Sisila stood up. “Like two sisters raised together. We have a lot in common, and I ask you to respect that. I do not ask you to love her. Besides, she does not interfere in my affairs, and I do not interfere in hers. Especially when it comes to you and Basha,” she added before walking away.
Oaka turned to Basha. “I still don’t see how you could love Jawen.” 
“Respect that,” Basha said and swam out of the river.
“Yes, yes, I won’t interfere,” Oaka said, rolling his eyes before he sighed. “But I still want to complain!” he added, following after Basha.
***
“Hastin, I cannot believe you hit Jawen,” Sisila said as she and Hastin walked up to the manor house they lived in with their father.
“It was an accident, I’m sorry,” Hastin told her. “Tell Jawen that I was only trying to stop Basha from pestering her, and I might have pushed her, but it was only a little shove. I didn’t actually hit her. But she might have been off balance, or startled, and she fell over. Tell Jawen that it was an accident, and that I’m sorry. Uh, did Jawen tell you that I hit her?”
“Um, yes. Yes, she did,” Sisila said, eying the ground.
“It was only a shove,” Hastin muttered as he stared at his sister. Was she telling him the truth? He wondered if he should question her more thoroughly, but as they entered the manor house, Sisila ran ahead of her brother to their father’s study. 
Baron Augwys looked up as his youngest daughter entered the study. “Did you knock?” he asked.
“Father, I want to speak to you, in private,” Sisila said, curtseying and then slamming the door shut before Hastin could get in.
“Sit down,” Baron Augwys said, gesturing toward one of the chairs as he stared at her.
Sisila locked the door as Hastin began knocking outside. “Let me in!” he shouted, his voice muffled by the thick wood. 
“I want to tell you, Father, that I’ve thought long and hard about it,” Sisila was saying as she walked around to grab one of the rolled-up maps on her father’s bookshelf. Hastin listened as hard as he could on the other side of the door.
“And I’ve examined all of my options and debated about them,” she said, unrolling the piece of paper. “And I’ve finally decided it’s time for me to move out of the house.” 
“Your reason, Sisila?” Baron Augwys asked, leaning toward her.
Sisila sighed. “I love you, Father, and I love Hastin and all of my siblings, but I think it’s time for me to stretch my wings,” she said. “To get a little bit of freedom before I settle down and choose a husband. I don’t intend to go wild, but I would like to try a little bit of freedom and responsibility, to tend to my own home and learn how to manage a household at the most basic level. To live on my own will give me a chance to experience the freedom of knowing myself and what I am capable of, by myself, before I am willing to give marriage a chance. Can you not give me that chance?” she asked.
“Sisila, I do not know what to say. Have you thought this out?”
“Of course I have, Father, and I have even decided where I would live.” She pointed at a spot on the map. “It is a perfect little cottage within town limits, not too far away from here, and it is just my size, a one-person residence.” She added, “I have a little money saved up, just enough to support myself, and the cottage is available for rent. Just a few months are all I need to prove to myself that I can do this.”
“All right, Sisila, all right, I will consider it,” Baron Augwys said, sighing as he leaned back and waved her away. “You may go. Let your brother in now!”
Sisila slowly nodded and then went to the door, unlocking it and pulling it open. 
Hastin fell onto the floor. “Father, I have to talk to you,” he said, getting up and bowing to his father, all while watching Sisila go with a small scowl upon his face. He slammed the door shut behind her. Unlike her brother, she did not linger to eavesdrop. 
***
“Father, what was she telling you?” Hastin asked as he turned around. He had to make it seem like he did not know.
“Sisila is planning to move out of the house,” Baron Augwys said.
“What? Why?” Hastin shook his head. “Father, you can’t let her do this. She…I suspect her of dating Oaka, the eldest son of the innkeeper.” 
“The innkeeper’s son?” Baron Augwys sighed.
“That’s right, the innkeeper’s son.” Hastin nodded, grimly smiling as he anticipated what his father would do to Oaka. “So what are you going to do about it?” he asked boldly.
“Nothing,” Baron Augwys said after a moment.
“What?” Hastin said, genuinely shocked this time as he shook his head again. “You can’t let her do this. You can’t let her go out on her own when she might be dating a young man like Oaka. It is highly inappropriate!”
“I can do this, my son; I can let her go,” Baron Augwys said, sighing again as he pushed back his chair and stared out the window. “It is her choice ultimately who she will marry, and if she can stand being on her own, in a hut without any one of us being around her every day, then she can stand anything in her life.” He lowered his head. “She might be happy, and she might love Oaka, and I will give her this chance at love and happiness for now. She deserves that chance.” He muttered the last.
“Father, how can you? You’re abandoning her!” Hastin cried. “Oaka is not a suitable match for her!”
“Look around you, son!” Baron Augwys exclaimed, gesturing. “I am not exactly the richest man in Arria. I am not the king, nor am I the Duke of Coe Kiki. I am the Baron of Coe Baba, the lowest, poorest title in all the land. What nobleman’s son will have my youngest daughter for marriage, when there is little chance of her inheriting anything substantial?” Hastin looked down, embarrassed to be reminded of his own lowly status in society, not much better than Sisila’s.
“I am looking out for her best interest,” his father told him. “At least the innkeeper’s son will be able to provide her with a livelihood. It’s not exactly the best, not what she could have, nor what she used to having, but at least it is something.” He paused. “Especially if she has learned how to manage herself and manage a household like the inn…Gods, can you imagine her as the innkeeper’s wife?” Baron Augwys laughed bitterly. “I might provide her with some patronage.” He slumped, his mirth dissipating. “Go away, Hastin. Leave me be. I still have to consider this,” Baron Augwys said.
Hastin slowly turned away and sighed. “Do you want to hear more bad news?” he asked.
“Oh, no, Hastin, I can’t take…All right, Hastin, what did you do?” Baron Augwys asked resignedly.
“Why do you assume it’s me?” Hastin sighed again. “All right, I might have made Jawen break up with me. By accident.” 
“Hastin, how come…Do you know that Lapo will be very angry with me if he hears that you and Jawen have broken up?” He scoffed. “That man, he is the most arrogant man I have ever met, but Hastin, we owe him a lot of money.” Baron Augwys looked desperate. “Couldn’t you have done something to prevent this from happening?”
“I’m sorry, Father, it wasn’t entirely my fault, just a little bit. Jawen broke up with me. She had her reason, and she wouldn’t accept me. It was her decision, all right? So, I don’t think she will tell him,” Hastin added. He did not want to mention Basha’s involvement to his father; the breakup was embarrassing enough.
“So…You don’t think she will tell her father that you and she have broken up,” Baron Augwys calculated. “And, to all intents and purposes, you two are still dating in her father’s eye, is that correct?”
“Yes, I believe so.” 
The baron nodded. “We will keep up this pretense, but until further notice, try to get back into Jawen’s good graces, all right? Try to make yourself more attractive to her.” Baron Augwys sighed. “I had hoped that you might be able to marry whomever you wished for love and happiness, but Lapo was so insistent that at least one of his children should marry into nobility, that I had to give him that chance. Sencaen might have married your sister, but he ran away from home and married somebody else, and now you—you might have to wait a few more years to marry Jawen’s younger sister, Talia. Or I might lose all hope with Lapo’s children and ask you to marry Iibala instead.”
Hastin shuddered and blanched at the mention of Iibala. “No, Father, I will convince Jawen to fall in love with me. You can count on that,” he said with a small bow.
For months, Hastin did try to do just that, for Jawen tried to keep up the pretense that she was dating Hastin, going out with him once or twice a month to appease her father and make him less suspicious. Hastin tried to impress Jawen and make her believe how much she might love him. But Jawen remained indifferent to him.
Instead, Hastin noticed how much Basha and Jawen snuck off together, once or twice a week. Perhaps they would have gone out more if they had been allowed to, but they were both so busy and under heavy supervision, with Basha helping out his parents and Oaka at the inn and Jawen taking care of her siblings and doing housework alongside her mother. Hastin did not know exactly what they did whenever they got together, but he could imagine, and he did not like what his mind came up with.
Hastin tried to figure out where and when they were meeting, to catch them in the act again or to send Lapo after them, but Hastin could not keep track of them. They kept slipping out or changing hiding places. Hastin got angrier. Jawen continued to insult Basha in public, especially whenever she met him with Hastin or someone else beside her, but this was just a ruse, a subterfuge for whatever they did in private.
One morning, Hastin stood in the courtyard at his home, staring at the straw man Sir Nickleby had erected for practice. The knight smoked a pipe, probably waiting for him to fail again. It was just the two of them, as Hastin was the last of the baron’s sons to be trained. His older brothers, Jecard and Queras, had already married and were off on their own expeditions with the Border Guards. Hastin was hard to train, stubborn, and Sir Nickleby probably thought Hastin was an idiot. Stubbornness was fine for the common foot soldier, who had to learn how to use force to overwhelm his opponents, but it made it more difficult for Hastin to learn the advanced, delicate maneuvers of a dueling nobleman. Hastin was a fish out of water when it came to those maneuvers.
Hastin didn’t need to join the militia, not really, and he wasn’t going to if Sir Nickleby had anything to say about it. But likely enough, Hastin would have to go join some other military force, like the Borders Guards, as the baron’s son needed to go fight for his king, country, and father, and earn a wage if he wasn’t the oldest son who would inherit the title and property. So Sir Nickleby had to do his best to make sure that Hastin was ready for whatever might come his way, although neither one of them liked it. 
Hastin charged at the straw man and slashed, jabbed, and stabbed, deep into the straw man’s gullet. Sir Nickleby’s eyes widened, and he nearly choked on his pipe. He had not expected Hastin to be this belligerent. 
“Good job, Hastin, good job,” Sir Nickleby said, clearing his throat and standing up from where he had been sitting on top of a barrel.
“That’s for you, Basha—that’s for you,” Hastin muttered at the straw man lying in a heap on the ground and then he looked up at Sir Nickleby. 
Sir Nickleby snatched the sword away from Hastin and sent him back inside, taking it upon himself to clean up the mess. But the knight still smoked his pipe, Hastin noticed from inside, frowning to himself and staring down at the straw man, probably thinking of the past battles he had fought in—or worrying about Basha.
Hastin could not trust himself to be calm and to control his feelings of anger and frustration whenever his instincts told him to fight. “We cannot abuse our power and give in to our baser instincts, no matter how tempting it might be to do so,” his father, Baron Augwys, had once told him. “To be a true nobleman, one must not force others into harmful action, without just cause, or take advantage of others just because they are of lower rank. One must not use his or her nobility for mean, selfish, or nefarious things.”
So Hastin tried to be good and noble, no matter how hard that was for him to achieve. Sometimes he failed, and failed miserably, like he would at the militia tryouts a few months later, but still, he tried his best.
Chapter Nineteen: Keeper of Secrets
The measure of a man is what you take
Out of him. Learn his name, and learn
Who he is, and you will know half
Of his life. The other half is still hidden.
--Proverb of Manhood

“There is no light in the dark without fire,” the Old Man wrote, speaking to himself. “Fire keeps us warm at night.” The door flew open as I walked in. “It is passion, it is lust, it is inspiration, and it is destruction, destroying everything within miles at times,” he said, turning around. “Hello, Nisa, where were you?” 
“These children certainly are pointless at times,” I muttered to myself as I came in, slamming the door shut. It had been a few months since my twenty-sixth birthday, and almost seventeen years since we had started watching over Basha. I was starting to get restless. “I was out by the river. Basha was there with his brother. And then the way they fight and bicker, and fall in love with one another, it makes me sick sometimes and glad to think that I am not one of them,” I said, huffing as I sat down upon the bed.
The Old Man glanced up. “Yet nothing can escape fire,” he said, still quoting the material that he was writing. “It will pursue you, and you will be caught, when you cannot live without fire.”
“Old Man, please stop speaking in riddles,” I said, shaking my head. “For goodness’ sake, you can’t always have been like this.”
“And so what if I am? Or was?” the Old Man said. “What if I always was like this, even when I was an ordinary man?” He shook his head and continued to write. “Yet fire can be quenched, with the right amount of water, perhaps, or with a lack of air—”
“Old Man, please listen to me,” I said. “I think Basha and Jawen are—”
“Basha and Jawen?” the Old Man asked, looking up. “Is that right? Basha and Jawen? The two of them together…Oh, that is not right, not right at all,” he said, shaking his head. “I don’t know what is, but I don’t think that those two match well together.”
“What can we do about it?” I asked.
“Nothing, I suppose.” The Old Man sighed. “Much as I would like to, we can’t interfere with everything in Basha’s life; he would get suspicious, and we can’t draw attention to him. Doomba must not know that he lives here,” he said. “It would be highly suspicious if I ever got personal with him. I never get personal with any of the town’s children, except for, well, you, and a couple protégés in the past.”
“I am not the first protégée?” I asked, appalled. 
“Well, no, to be honest. You are the first to be my own daughter,” he said. “A long, long time ago, I had friends who sent their children, and then their grandchildren, and then their great-grandchildren to me to receive lessons, and…Well, I eventually became the town’s storyteller by default, but in the beginning, in those first few generations, I was their schoolteacher and counselor as well as friend.”
“What happened?” I asked.
“Well, they died, my friends, and their children, and no one remembered me as a counselor or a schoolteacher. The townspeople remembered I told good stories, though, and so they replaced me with someone younger to teach the schoolchildren, and I remained the katlin since no else would take that job.” 
I grumbled to myself before I said, “Well, Basha is full-grown now, or thereabouts. Surely if he was the you-know-what it would have manifested by now.”
“He still needs some more time to develop,” the Old Man said. “A few more years, and he will be ready to take on the whole world.” 
“A few more years?” I exclaimed, even more appalled. How could I go on doing this?
“What is the matter? You don’t think that he is the…?” The Old Man frowned.
“I am not sure,” I said. “I just don’t think that it’s possible, and I don’t think I can wait a few more years. I am growing up, getting older, and I should act like an adult now.” 
The Old Man sighed and stood up to walk over to me, resting a hand upon my shoulder. “Stay strong, Nisa. We have seen such things stirring, searching for him, that I do not think it will be long now before he is called up to take his role. But I suppose I cannot keep you here forever. You are a young woman, an adult of…” He hesitated.
“Twenty-six years,” I said.
“Twenty…oh.” The Old Man asked, “I suppose…you have been dating?” 
“Off and on, but nothing that would lead me to the Courtship ritual.” I sighed, sitting down on the cot. “I suppose you are trying to act like my father now? Twenty-six years too late,” I added.
“Nisa, I’m sorry, but I never kept you here. You stayed here with me,” the Old Man said.
I sighed. “It’s just that spending all of this time watching over him, making sure that the Followers know nothing about him, and that the Servants are kept away from him…It really makes me wonder if it is all worth it,” I said. “Especially if Doomba ever found out that he lives here—if he is who he is supposed to be, then Coe Baba would be in serious danger.”
“It will be worth it, Nisa, it will be,” the Old Man said, squatting down next to me. “We will protect Coe Baba, as well as Basha. A few short years go by so quickly. Until then, we stay silent, and I will tell him then, if it comes right down to it, just who he is, and what his destiny is. We will be able to do this,” he said, turning away from me. “There is something to be said, for water or for air, that they can have such influence over fire. But this story is not about fire. It is about death,” he said, reading from his paper.
“Death,” I whispered, blinking.
The next evening, I woke up the Old Man to tell him that a forest fire had ignited, right next to where we had trapped a Black Wolf. “Oh, dear…” he murmured, looking down. “No one was hurt?” 
“Some members of the town militia were killed,” I said.
“Any survivors?” 
“A couple, including Sir Nickleby.”
“Sir Nickleby,” the Old Man muttered. “Sir Nickleby, Sir Nickleby, whatever will we do?” he said, thinking to himself.

“I don’t know what it is you are looking for, but whatever it is, you’ll find it down here,” the constable said, leading Sir Nickleby down into the basement of the courthouse. “Welcome to the tomb of records. These are the last fifty years of cases that have been tried and investigated here in Coe Baba,” the constable told him, showing him a room full of drawers and boxes of old paper. “Most of the time, the records are tossed out after fifty years to free up space. This way, please.” The constable strode toward one edge of the room. 
“I wanted to know if you had any information about…murders, or other strangeness in town,” Sir Nickleby said. “Something unsolved, without any logical explanation.” The knight had been having trouble sleeping for the past month, disturbed by nightmares of the night the forest had burned. He had experienced battle all over again, with Berevus and Erroco, and he did not like it. Now he wanted to find out what had caused this horrible trouble in the first place—and how to stop it from happening again.
“Then you have come to the right place.” The constable pointed down an aisle. “Most records are for common complaints, but this is the aisle of the crazy and unsolved atrocities,” he said. “These records are for the genuine, well, mystery in some cases, madness in others,” the constable said, looking down. “And maybe even the truth in some of these cases, if the rumors are true that, well, things happened,” he muttered.
“What sort of things?” Sir Nickleby asked, glancing over at the constable. 
“Madness is what I believe,” he said. “I call it the Doomba factor. A woman kills her husband, says he was a Follower of Doomba. Another man kills some people, blames it on Doomba. These things are not common, thank goodness, but they are becoming more prevalent. Twenty cases in the last fifteen years alone, with forty cases in the fifty-five years before that, or so I believe. I looked through them before we threw some out.”
“Forty and twenty—here in Coe Baba?” Sir Nickleby asked. “Why haven’t I heard about them?”
“Within the general vicinity, not just in Coe Baba. Our district goes for about a hundred miles outside of town limits,” the constable told him, drawing a circle in the air. “Small farms and small communities, not really towns, fall under our jurisdiction, areas where a few houses are clumped together and call themselves a commune.” The constable shook his head. “Most of the wildest cases happen in those areas. The townspeople aren’t even aware of, or try to ignore, news of such happenings. It’s been less than one crazy case per year for most of recorded time; now it’s become at least one crazy case per year on average. I had a backlog of these cases when I first joined up about fifteen years ago,” the constable said, “and I wasn’t able to do much with them then. Mostly we just prosecute those that we can and hope for the best with the rest before they are thrown away.”
Sir Nickleby slowly proceeded down the aisle. “So, all of these, or most of them anyway, are tied to Doomba somehow?” he asked, staring around.
“Hmm, not all of them, definitely not most, but you get a few murders, vandalism, disappearances, sacrifices, and rape cases that are supposed to be the work of Followers, or were caused by people who thought Doomba was coming. Real or imagined, Sir Nickleby, Doomba is the major instigator of these events.”
Sir Nickleby shuddered and then was silent. “So, twenty…these things started happening more frequently within the last fifteen years?” he asked after a moment.
“Yes, I suppose.” The constable slowly nodded and then smiled. “Hey, I have one you might be intrigued by.” The constable went over to one box near the end of the row and rifled through it. “This is about where the trend seems to start, I believe—notice all of the new files that come after it?” He pointed them out. “Though it does seem to have little in common with any of these other cases.” The constable waved his hand about as he took out a record. “Anyway, here it is—the hunter in the snow,” he said, opening it up.
“A hunter?” Sir Nickleby asked, coming over.
“Aye. You didn’t hear about this one?” the constable asked, turning toward him. “Well, it was before your time, about seventeen years ago. I suppose we don’t really talk much about what disturbs us beyond the present time, but you have…Anyway, he was from the south, we think, according to the cut of his clothes.” The constable showed him the file. “They were made for milder weather, and we think he was hunting a woman.” 
Sir Nickleby stared at the file in the constable’s hand, which contained sketches of the murdered man, the woman, and the items found in their possession as well as the report. He couldn’t read the report just yet.
The constable handed the file over to Sir Nickleby. “We’re not positive about that, as the hunter was killed, and the woman died in childbirth, but it was one of the oddest cases we had seen up to that time.” The constable continued on as Sir Nickleby gripped the file. “There have been people found frozen out in the snow before, but this man had been stabbed and left there to die. And as for the woman, well, she talked about ‘being nearly killed, but survived’ in the hour or so before she gave birth and died.”
Sir Nickleby stared at the sketch of the dead woman and couldn’t help feeling that there was something odd about this, something that he should remember.
“My predecessor talked to me about this one,” the constable said, still continuing on without giving Sir Nickleby the chance to read the report for himself. “He said that woman must have had a very strong maternal instinct if she had survived being hunted down, and nearly killed, to give birth to her baby. We don’t know that for certain, and in any case, we have nothing definite linking this case to Doomba, but it is definitely a pretty good place to start in my opinion.” The constable smiled. “I’ll leave you to it.” 
“Wait, what about…” Sir Nickleby started to say, but he stopped as he got a closer look at the written report and saw a name.
“What?” asked the constable, turning around.
“Never mind, just forget it,” Sir Nickleby said, turning away. He had to get started.
Basha. Sir Nickleby remembered that name; actually, he knew the name well. Basha had been a pupil under Sir Nickleby’s tutelage for the past four years or more, ever since he was twelve, and would be until next Reda, when he might graduate into service as a member of the town militia, if not the Border Guards themselves. But even before that, Sir Nickleby had been aware of Basha’s name.

“Father! Father!” Iibala had cried, running into their home many years ago when she was just nine years old, covered in caking mud-ball turnip juice. “Jawen called Basha a balnor, and she didn’t even know what it meant.” She laughed over that, splattering mud-ball turnip dollops everywhere as she danced about.
“Hold still—what are you talking about?” Sir Nickleby asked, trying to chase his daughter down and make her go take a bath.
“She said it when she was mad at him, thinking he had insulted her—called her ‘an evil, snot-nosed girl’ or something like that. Anyway, so Jawen called Basha a balnor because she had heard her father say that about him!”
Sir Nickleby stopped. “Who is Basha?” he asked. He knew Lapo, everyone in town knew Lapo, and by extension his daughter, but that name wasn’t so familiar to him.
“You should know him, Father!” Iibala said. “Basha is one of the sons of the innkeeper Geda, the younger son with brown hair, not black. But if Habala had an affair with another man--”
“Enough, enough of this,” Sir Nickleby said. “Don’t talk about the affairs of married women. We do not impugn the honor of a decent married woman, especially one like Habala. She seems like a fine lady with a nice husband and children. I do not think you should question the parentage of one of them. It’s indecent gossip, and I do not want to hear you utter such words in front of me. Do you understand me?” Iibala nodded, bowing her head. “Fine, go clean yourself off,” he said, and Iibala had marched off toward the bathing house.
About two days later, though, he heard more about Basha when the boy had vanished, ran off into the woods, it seemed. Geda himself came to Sir Nickleby’s house to ask him to organize a search party. He told him the story of Kala and Basha to a certain extent, just to explain the reason behind the boy’s disappearance, although he had excluded the part about Kala being a murder suspect. Sir Nickleby accepted, glad to help.
“The boy was last seen yesterday afternoon playing in the street along here by himself by his older brother, Oaka,” Sir Nickleby had told the group of men, women, and children gathered in front of the inn a little while later. “The boy was severely depressed upon learning the circumstances of his birth just the day before, and apparently he took up the idea of running away. Neither Oaka nor his parents had much conversation with Basha yesterday morning, the boy being unresponsive, but Oaka said Basha kept talking about the ocean when they were going inside for lunch. It is believed the boy is heading in that direction now.” 
The ocean, of all the places…He had shaken his head. “Yesterday evening, when the boy did not come home, Basha’s parents questioned Oaka and several of his friends,” Sir Nickleby said, continuing on, “until it was concluded this morning that Basha is no longer in the village, or in the vicinity. He has already gone off into the woods.” Sir Nickleby paused. “You all know what that means. I would like some volunteers to undertake a search party. We shall cover more ground, scouring the forest for any sign of the boy until…” Here he paused again. “Until we find him,” Sir Nickleby said grimly.
“I really do not see why we have to waste all of this time and energy trying to find just one boy, who clearly is stupid for having run off in the first place,” Lapo whispered to his wife, Mawen, before he looked up to see nearly everyone else turned around, facing him with a furious glare.
“What?” Lapo asked, clearly nervous as he realized everyone had heard him.
“You will apologize to Geda, Habala, and Oaka,” Sir Nickleby said, “whose son and brother you have disparaged, and you will apologize to Basha when he gets back. Apologize for calling him a balnor in the first place, which led to his running off when your daughter must have learned that word from you.” The others nodded. 
“No, I will not,” Lapo said, shaking his head. “I was stating a private opinion just now, an opinion meant only for the ear of my wife,” he said, raising his voice when the others started raising theirs in protest. “And not intended for anybody else’s ears. I did not intend to insult anybody deliberately within earshot of them or others. I uttered these words just now feeling tired from an exhausting day, and so I do apologize for uttering these words out loud in public, that was a mistake. But I do not apologize for anything else.”
“What about calling him a balnor?” Sir Nickleby shouted.
“I did not call him a balnor; you have no proof of that! Jawen might have picked that word up elsewhere, from other little girls whose bad habits stem from bad manners, and for that I do apologize,” Lapo said, eying Sir Nickleby conspicuously, his words meant for Iibala, “She should not have been speaking in such a manner. But I’ve taught her to be a proper young lady, nothing more,” Lapo said.
“You, sir, are quite mistaken, quite mistaken indeed,” Sir Nickleby said, controlling his anger as he shook his head and told the innkeeper, “Let it go, Geda,” when the other man looked just about ready to pop. The knight turned back to Lapo. “I advise you to go, sir,” he said. He did not want to cause a scene.
“I am a free man, capable of doing anything I wish, sir,” Lapo said, but he left with his wife and two of his young children before the crowd tore him apart. However, his words were soon forgotten and perhaps even forgiven by most of the general populace, especially when they depended on his business.
After that, and after Basha had been found safe and sound with Sir Nickleby’s help, Geda and the knight had become fast friends, talking whenever Sir Nickleby stopped by the inn to have a drink or whenever they crossed paths near the knight’s ranch, about family, work, their pasts, and current affairs in the world and in Coe Baba. Geda and Sir Nickleby had found a common connection with concerns about their own children, standing up to the merchant, and daily life in Coe Baba and how to improve upon the situation here. Their own busy work in inn-keeping, horse breeding, and sword-fighting interested both men as they were fond of diligent, demanding, meaningful, and constructive work. They lived in that manner and hoped to steer other people in that same direction. In some ways, they were a lot alike.
As soon as Basha and Oaka turned twelve, Geda had sent them straight to training classes with Sir Nickleby, as he trusted the knight by now to be straightforward, firm but fair, and a fine swordsman who would teach his students courtesy and honor. By now, Sir Nickleby was familiar with both Basha and Oaka, as he had seen them often from afar and occasionally talked with them when he visited the inn. 
When Basha showed improvement and started practicing on his own outside of class, Sir Nickleby immediately told Geda that Basha had a chance of joining the militia, and Geda was thrilled, for he had been so worried that Basha was a little lopheaded and wouldn’t stand a chance at a future beyond the inn. However, Sir Nickleby and Geda’s friendship became strained when Basha dated Iibala. Even though the two fathers had hoped that their children would get married, uniting their families, Iibala broke up with Basha after she had cheated on him with another young man. In the end, though, Geda and Sir Nickleby had remained friends, although this was just the beginning of Sir Nickleby’s problems with his daughter, indicating what Iibala was capable of doing.
But why get involved with Basha now, along with everything else? Generally Sir Nickleby did not like getting involved in other people’s business, because, one day, he knew one or both of them would get hurt, and he did not want to feel any more pain after years of suffering. He had already gotten himself involved in more than one useless cause, and he did not like losing his senses, or himself, to solving a problem or saving the day. 
It made no sense to him, but sometimes, even though he did not want to get involved, he had to get involved, because it was the right thing to do. The only way to solve a problem was to get involved and find out what was wrong, which made him happy for some reason: happy in the suffering of his flesh for the renewal of his mind, happy against his will, happy in the reward that would come when he had solved all of life’s problems. If he could just get a solution that would make them all happy, Sir Nickleby thought. 

Geda looked up as the bell rang over the front door of the inn. “Well, Sir Nickleby, what a pleasure it is to see you here today!” Geda said, turning and walking across the length of the bar as the knight crossed the room. “How may I be of service? What can I get you?”
“Have you got a moment to spare?” Sir Nickleby asked. It had been a week since he had examined the records underneath the courthouse. He had needed the time to prepare himself to confront Geda or Habala. He had decided not to ask them about Kala, in regards to the hunter in the woods. He supposed that he would never find out anything about that mess, if no one else had in the years since. And perhaps it was best to let the dead rest; they were judged in the end.
“A little, I suppose; not a lot of people feeling hungry or thirsty at this time of day,” Geda said, waving toward the mostly empty seats. “Why? Have you got something to talk about?” 
“Yes, I have—a private matter I wish to discuss with you or your wife. Do you remember any talk about prophecies the night Basha was born, or Wintha the Wanderer?”
“You’ll have to talk to my wife,” Geda said. “She was with Kala most of the night, and I have no recollection of anything substantial like that.” He looked around. “Try out back. She has a shed where she tinkers with her clocks still.” He turned toward another customer.
Sir Nickleby went out the front door and down a side street toward the stable yard in the back and then crossed over to a shed where he knocked on the door. “Habala? It’s Sir Nickleby,” he said, raising his voice when he heard a faint noise inside. “May I speak with you?”
Habala opened the door, and the noise got louder. Tick-tock, tick-tock went a dozen clocks. “Oh, hello, Sir Nickleby,” she said, smiling. “Come in, sit down, and what can I do for you?” When he was settled, she asked, “Is it about Basha? Is he doing well in training?”
“Yes, he is doing well in training; in fact, I think he might make it as far as the Border Guards, if they’ll admit him, but…” Sir Nickleby looked around and paused. “You made all of these clocks?” he asked in puzzlement as the tick-tock, tick-tock made it hard to think.
“Yes, I like to work with clocks when I have the time.” She laughed at her joke. “All of them,” she confirmed. “I made all of these clocks over the past two years. I must have sold a dozen or more clocks already, but these are still under construction in some state or form.”
“Why clocks?” Sir Nickleby asked.
“Why not?” Habala asked. “I made clocks long before I met my husband. You raise horses at your ranch, as well as train boys and the militia. You’ve got to have something else to occupy your time when you’re not too busy.”
Sir Nickleby shifted in his seat.
“My clocks are pretty little things, and I can afford to listen to the tick-tock-tick-tock as time passes. I love making clocks. I can use my own two hands to wind the springs, adjust the cogs, and make sure that the gears shift into position at the right place so that time goes by accordingly.” She smiled. “Makes me proud to say that I am a craftswoman, or a craftsperson, as the case may be. I come from a long line of craftspeople.”
Sir Nickleby listened, thinking that she must be a lonely person.
“I can see the hands shifting and hear the sound of ticking, minute by minute and hour by hour, until it all drifts away, and I am proud to say that I have done this.” She turned to Sir Nickleby. “Was there something else you stopped by to say?” 
“Yes, there was,” Sir Nickleby said, broken from his reverie. “I wanted to ask you about Kala, Basha’s birth mother, and whether she said anything to you about any prophecies, or Wintha the Wanderer, or—”
“Let’s step outside,” Habala said. “It will be three o’clock soon, and they’ll start chirping, chiming, chattering, singing, and cuckooing. It’ll be easier to hear.”
She stepped out first and breathed in some fresh air before turning to him. “Why would you ask me this?” she said. “What would make you think to ask me about prophecies?” 
“I want to know.” Sir Nickleby stopped and inhaled; she was touchy about this “I have reason to believe that something suspicious is going on here in Coe Baba, and maybe elsewhere, and it started here on the night of Basha’s birth.”
“Suspicious?” Ring, ring went all the clocks inside the shed as Habala shook her head. “I don’t know what you’re talking about, and I don’t know what that has got to do with either Basha or Kala. There was no talk about prophecies or whomever you said,” she said, “but there was talk of an Oracle. Kala said she knew she would die.”
“What?” Sir Nickleby asked.
“I know, it sounds crazy, but she was so earnest, and she said she knew that a boy would be born as well. I did not believe her, and I still don’t believe in her, but I have reason to believe, I suppose.” She sniffed. “Though I cannot, will not believe in that,” she added.
“Was there anything else she said?” he asked.
“Oh, she might have said some other words, but I don’t recall.” She sighed. “She said something about the pain. And Basha. She named him Basha. Basha means ‘gift’ in the Old Language.” She smiled sadly. “‘This one is for you, Basha’ or something like that. And fire and death.” Habala frowned. “People of fire and death—those were some other last words. ‘He would be safer here with those of fire than with those of death,’ although I don’t know what that means, or what that has got to do with anything suspicious.”
“Habala, please, bear with me for just a little while longer. I have one more question. Have you ever taken Basha to see the Oracle of Mila, or have you ever asked the Oracle about Basha?”
“Now, Sir Nickleby, I think you’ve gone too far.” She shook her head. “I would never take…No one in Coe Baba ever would…” She shifted her eyes and sighed. “All right, I will tell you this, but you have to swear to me you will never tell anyone else here in town of what you have heard from me. Not Lapo, or the baron, and especially not Basha.” 
“I swear to you, milady,” he said, bowing his head. “I swear to you on my honor, on the graves of the Knights of Arria, and on the glory of King Sonnagh, that I will not tell anyone, not those you name especially, anything about what I hear here today.” He meant it; he had to, given that the oath he had just sworn was tantamount to swearing by one of the gods, a sacred thing for a knight of Arria.
“One day, when the boys were young, two or three at the most, I went to see the Oracle of Mila. I went late at night, afraid anyone here in town would see me, because you know how we are about the oracle. We tolerate her being here, but we don’t believe in her.”
Sir Nickleby nodded. It was an odd relationship that the people of Coe Baba had with the Oracle of Mila, but he supposed it was their way of separating themselves from her and her worshippers. As if they could not stand being associated with this figure who had put them on the map in such an uncomfortable position.
“I hoped no one would recognize me when I went to their camp. Then I went down into the Cave of Wonders, with one of the priests, and he, or she, was hideous. I remember that,” Habala said. She was referring to the oracle, he assumed. “I asked her, or it, what the future would bring for Basha and me, because I was already worried, and it said, ‘Hope he will bring to the people. Take care of him, for he is a gift to this town, and to the country.’”
Sir Nickleby’s ears perked up at this.
“‘But beware of grief and heartache, for he will grow up and go on, far away from here, and you may not see him again in this lifetime. Take care of him and guard him well for now. You will move into acceptance, and mercy, as he does. Be aware of those around you, for those you ignore will be one you love dearest and one you should fear. They do understand what you are suffering. Take heed, and remember that love will bring you great comfort in days ahead.’ That was all it said. I remember it word for word.” She turned around. 
“Thank you, Habala,” Sir Nickleby said, bowing his head, as he felt like Habala had been hounded enough. “And I’m sorry. Good-bye,” he added before he left. It was much to think about, and he wondered if it was true as he went down the main street. He did not know what to believe yet. What the Oracle of Mila said to Habala might be applied to an ordinary child, or perhaps not, and Kala’s last few words were disturbing to Sir Nickleby. He had to consider what she might have sacrificed if she believed she was going to die, and why?
“Halt, Sir Nickleby!” he heard a hoarse voice cry, and he turned around to see the Old Man staring across at him from the other side of the street.
“Old Man, did I hear you say ‘halt’?” Sir Nickleby asked, slightly annoyed.
“I am the keeper of Coe Baba’s secrets,” the Old Man said, coming across the road and pushing the knight into an alleyway, “and you are traipsing onto dangerous ground.” 
“Are you threatening me?” the knight asked, trying to free one of his arms to reach for any weapon at hand, but the Old Man was strong, stronger than he looked.
“I am the protector of Coe Baba, and all of its people, especially Basha, and you are endangering all of our lives if you continue on with your questions,” the Old Man said.
“I am trying to find out the truth,” Sir Nickleby said, unable to understand.
“The truth will be revealed. You will have to be patient,” the Old Man said.
“What are you doing here? And how did you know?”
“I find out these things. First you were talking with the constable, then digging into the records, and finally you came here, to the inn. After going into the woods that night…Sir Nickleby, what are you doing here? What do you know?” the Old Man asked. “And what did you see?” he whispered.
Sir Nickleby stared at the Old Man. “The Black Wolf. You trapped it.” 
“And I was going to kill it. But something went wrong, did it not?”
“Berevus.” Sir Nickleby gasped. “He found the Black Wolf, and he was going to question it. He was a Follower,” Sir Nickleby said.
“I know. I have my eye on a handful of Followers, in and around Coe Baba. Most of them are incompetent and complacent, lax in their duties to their dark one. They do nothing more than swear allegiance to Doomba for the most part, I see to that. Sometimes things go wrong, but I try to stop them from doing too much damage.” 
Sir Nickleby stared at the Old Man. “You are insane.” 
“Sir Nickleby, look around you! Apart from a few minor incidences, and some indiscriminate events, nothing untoward happens in Coe Baba. Coe Baba is one of the most peaceful places in all of Arria, in all of Salarria even. Do you think that is just something that happens?” 
Sir Nickleby gaped, trying to come up with some words to explain this. “I do…” he said.
“I work to make Coe Baba peaceful. I work to make Coe Baba a nice, safe place to live in, a haven, I do that,” the Old Man insisted. “People came to Coe Baba many centuries ago to live, work, and play here; I made sure of that. Most of them are, or have been, good, nice people who have done nothing wrong, or hardly anything wrong, their whole lives. They have been raised this way. People grow up, listening to my stories, raised by parents who were taught the same way, and so it continues, throughout the generations.” The Old Man shrugged. “Sometimes people are corrupted; it happens. Not even magic can stop that.”
“Magic?” Sir Nickleby asked, looking up at the Old Man.
“Magic protects towns and cities like Coe Baba across all of Arria and into the rest of Salarria. Protection spells shield the settlements of man, spells almost as old as time itself. But some of these spells are so worn-out after years of use that they have begun to fail. And the evil that exists outside of the borders of humanity are starting to seep through.”
“Old Man, you have told me much, but I do not know.” Sir Nickleby shook his head. “What am I supposed to believe?” he asked.
“Believe in the gods. And believe that Arria is protected. Or will be protected.” The Old Man let him go, telling him, “Go home. Stop searching for the truth. You will do Basha more harm than good if you don’t leave him alone and let him grow up in peace. Watch out for your own daughter.” 
Sir Nickleby frowned but slowly nodded, walking away from the Old Man as he adjusted his clothes and tried to remain calm. He supposed it was for the best that things remained undisturbed here. Perhaps he would do his own observation of the boy from afar, like the Old Man appeared to be doing. He did not know who the Old Man was, but perhaps the Old Man was on his side in the grand scheme of things.
And his daughter—what right did the Old Man have to criticize him, or warn him, about Iibala? She was a young woman, capable of making her own decisions, even if some of them were bad. Sir Nickleby had made his own bad choices in the past. He regretted them, but he had learned to live with them. Why couldn’t she?
***
“Are you sure you should have done that, approached Sir Nickleby like that?” I asked, eying the Old Man as he returned to the hut. 
“Hello, Nisa,” the Old Man said, eying me as well.
“The only reason I know that ‘meeting’ went well is that he didn’t stab you.” 
“Pretty positive,” the Old Man said, “and Sir Nickleby is involved, more involved in this than I ever thought possible. I believe Sir Nickleby dealt with that Black Wolf and might have killed Berevus when he witnessed Berevus’s betrayal.”
“We should have killed Berevus the moment that we knew.”
“I know. I made a mistake there. I had hoped that Berevus would lead us to another hideout, and I thought he was pretty harmless. I was wrong,” the Old Man said.
“What are we going to do about Sir Nickleby?” I asked. “If he saw or did all of that, then shouldn’t we be concerned?”
“I believe Sir Nickleby can be trusted. He is a formidable fellow, a good fighter who survived all of that, and I believe he has some experience that even I do not know about, which predates his coming here to Coe Baba, and it involves fighting Followers. He recognized Berevus for what he was and was hardly fazed by my interrogation of him. He seemed to be interested when I mentioned magic. He did not say what he was searching for, but he mentioned ‘the truth’ to me and asked Habala about the Oracle of Mila and Kala. I suppose he has some inclination as to what Basha is, or might be. I told him to leave Basha alone and to stop searching for the truth. I believe he will follow up on my request.”
“If he can be trusted, then should we let him know?” I asked.
“Why?” 
“It might be easier if we had another helper on our mission,” I said, “in case I leave you.” 
“Oh,” the Old Man said, looking up. “So you are going to.”
“No. I don’t know. It’s been a while since we talked about this, and I haven’t decided yet. Mother is getting on as well, and I should look out for her, too, when she needs me. There is a man. He seems nice, and we might date a little while before we get engaged.”
“Congratulations,” the Old Man said.
“Old Man, it’s not like that at all. We wouldn’t go through the whole Courtship ritual thing, though, because…” I stopped a moment. “Oh.” 
“What?” the Old Man asked.
“Never mind, I just thought…” I laughed. “Would it not be funny if Basha and Jawen were to…” I hesitated. “Well, they will be old enough by then,” I said. “And it would not hurt the future, I suppose.” 
“Nisa, I believe you have a plan somewhere in that twisted little thought of yours,” the Old Man said, “even if you have not thought it all out yet.”
“What do you mean by that?” I asked. And that was how the plan was hatched for Basha to face a desperate situation at the Courtship ritual.
Chapter Twenty: A New Acquaintance
Hapless and lost is youth, whose fleeting hours
Are passed in reckless abandonment. Night and day
Are spent and gone before they are done, and we are
Left with the tattered remnants of who we were then.
--Ode to Youth, Mirandor

Two months later in Coe Ryn, miles away from Coe Baba, water lapped up against the side of a ship floating besides its berth as the ship’s owner and the ship’s captain stood beside each other upon the forecastle deck, watching as the crew loaded cargo on board. “Is that the last of it?” the ship’s owner asked, pointing at the crates and barrels waiting still on the dock.
The ship’s captain nodded. “That it is, Renrawr, that it is. We’ll have it all on board in a moment, and then we’ll be ready to take off.”
“Good. Tell the crew they can have an extra ration of ale once they’re done,” Renrawr said, turning away. “I shall be off.” 
A crewmember screamed, and Renrawr looked up, along with the ship’s captain, as a young woman with long, dark hair strode across the main deck from where she had risen over the bulwarks, dressed in dark clothes. She had struck down the crewmember with a swing of her sword. Renrawr stopped and stared at her, horrified and fascinated at her appearance, as he could not believe that she was really here. As other crewmembers tried to stop her advance, she defended herself admirably and dispatched those in her way as swiftly as possible. The others started to avoid her, edging away from her presence.
Renrawr shook his head. “What are you doing here?” he called to her.
“I have come to end this before you kill another soul,” she said, staring up at him as she continued her advance. The ship’s captain and crew stared between Renrawr and this young woman, whom none now challenged.
Renrawr laughed. “You cannot possibly believe that you will defeat me, Monika,” he remarked idly, fingering the hilt of his sword in its scabbard at his belt. “You are not trained well enough.” He should have gotten a bodyguard for this trip, he thought.
“I have been waiting for this moment.” Monika said, climbing the steps to the forecastle deck. “Longing to kill you, yet you eluded me.” She stopped. “I am trained well enough for this.” 
Renrawr unsheathed his sword. “For a moment, I thought you were dead,” he said, posing himself and readying to fight.
“Don’t leave me in a pit with a giant snake,” Monika cried, charging at him before he fended off her first attack. “For I will cut the snake’s head off!” She charged at him again. He hoped her anger would prove to be her undoing.
A few moments later, Monika fell over the forecastle rail onto the main deck. She screamed in pain as she tried to get up again. Her leg and stomach had been cut when she had tried to go for Renrawr’s chest and neck, and he had ducked down low to attack her. Renrawr dropped down onto the main deck next to her, and he raised his sword as he prepared for his final attack, but then an arrow pierced the side of his chest. The blow caused him to stagger over to the deck rail, the sword dropping from his hands as he coughed up blood and then tripped over the rail. He toppled over headfirst, arms flailing as he disappeared into the water with a splash. He floated up, bobbing in the water with blood trailing after him until he sank, down into the depths…
Monika gasped as she woke up, shivering. She could still feel the water drowning her as if she were in the depths alongside Renrawr.
“Monika? Are you all right?” a woman’s voice asked, and she turned around to see a red-headed woman in her mid-thirties sitting beside her where she lay in a medium-size bed.
“Where am I? How did I come to be here?” Monika asked, looking around the room. It was a rather plain bedroom, containing only the bed, the dresser, and the chair the other woman sat in. At first she thought she might be on a ship, as it was rather small and constructed of wood, but then she realized the dizzy feeling she felt was not the rocking of a ship but rather her own disorientation and a sort of sickness.
“My name is Mirari, and I am a healer,” the woman said, trying to sound reassuring even though her voice was rather stiff. “You were brought to my house yesterday morning after you were wounded in a fight. You were severely injured, but you are better now, and you are safe. You just need to rest.” 
“I feel awful,” Monika muttered, shaking her head as she decided to check her wounds. Had she been stabbed in the stomach? she wondered and looked, but there was barely a scratch there. Odd thing to think about.
“It will be okay. You will feel like yourself again after a while.”
“What is that?” Monika asked, looking up at Mirari with tears in her eyes. “What is ‘myself’?” She wiped her tears. “I feel awful. Who am I, and where am I going?” she asked. “That’s what I keep wondering about myself.” She shook her head.
“You don’t know? You just need to relax,” Mirari said, laying a hand carefully and gently on Monika’s shoulder. “I don’t know you. I just know that you are a very brave and very foolish woman for what you have done. You see, I am friends with the major in charge of the local Border Guards patrol. I know what you did in service to them.”
“Mother, where is my hat?” a boy’s voice said off to the side.
“Eldo, please go away, just for a bit?” Mirari said, turning around to face her son. “I will be with you shortly. I am with a patient now.” The boy walked off, or so it seemed, as Mirari turned back around. “Now where was I?” 
“I think I should leave,” Monika said.
“Not just yet, not until another day at least.” Mirari insisted. “And besides, if you don’t know who you are and where you are going, where would you go?” Monika shrugged, and Mirari said, “That’s right—nowhere. Although you could always see an oracle if you did want an answer to that,” Mirari said, to herself.

Basha did believe in Jawen. For two months after their first kiss, and the night the forest burned, he dated her. Basha believed in the joy that he gave her, and that she gave him, not to mention the kisses they shared. They cuddled in haylofts, under tree branches, and in bushes out by the road. They pawed at each other and tried to get close, rubbing up against each other’s bodies, but as time went on, nothing happened beyond the kissing and cuddling stage. Their clothes stayed on, no matter what they did. Basha tried to be patient, and Jawen tried to relax a little bit more in his presence, although not too much, as she did not want to lose control of all her senses and give into whatever force was driving her.
Basha and Jawen remained unsettled and quiet with each other whenever they weren’t kissing, having nothing to talk about with each other beyond the mundane. They shared few, if any, common interests. They had already gone through all of this before, when they had tried to strike up a friendship with each other as children, and failed due to their differences. Now not much of a relationship was blossoming here because, beyond the love and the passion that they shared with one another, nothing much had changed: Basha was still Basha, and Jawen was still Jawen. 
Basha faced a lifetime of work and study without much potential reward and had quite a few doubts about his future. Jawen worked quite a bit, especially helping her mother, but not to the same extent that he did. She had some doubts about her future as well, especially with him, but otherwise, she had known more peace and leisure in her lifetime because she was more certain of her future, that it was going to be the same as the way she had been raised, and the way that she was raised by her parents had been full of great expectations, even in the pastimes of her childhood.
For instance, while Basha had been free to wander loose and do whatever he pleased with Oaka and all of friends whenever he had some time to spare as a boy, Jawen’s spare time had been taken with up with ballet lessons and croquet matches, mostly with other rich young girls like Sisila and Iibala. In fact, Jawen had considered ballet to be a form of labor for her. She hated ballet entirely and took no joy in it. For Jawen, though she might be able to dance ballet perfectly, with the right moves and the right form, she only did it because it was expected of her. She felt no passion for the dance, believing it to be tiresome and ridiculous, and she tolerated it only for the sake of her parents until she was allowed to quit. She took passion in very few things in her life, believing it was her responsibility to be respectable and modest, and if she did feel passion of any sort, she tried to restrain herself from showing it.
These expectations, the way they were raised, had Basha and Jawen both floundering with each other. Another problem was that Basha and Jawen’s encounters were too brief. Every time they met, usually fewer than ten minutes passed before one of them had to leave, because Jawen feared being discovered by her father, Lapo, who hated the innkeeper, Geda, and Geda’s son, Basha, who was a balnor in Lapo’s eyes and not a suitable match for Lapo’s daughter. Thus, they met in secret as infrequently as possible, in as short a time as possible, to avoid being found by somebody who might inform Jawen’s father of their liaisons. Every time that they met, both Basha and Jawen were aware of their problems, and they had to remind themselves of those problems every time so as to not lose their heads. Several times, though, they had some close calls. Like now. 
“Jawen! Jawen!” the merchant called.
Hold still, hold still, Basha thought to himself as he lay on top of a roof beam, with Jawen lying on top of him. Basha prayed to Welda, goddess of mercy, love, and compassion, to please help him in his and his beloved’s hour of need, and Tau, the god of humanity and man, to have pity on them and maybe have Lapo pity them. He also added a prayer to the twin goddesses of luck, Bidana, and mystery, Sitha, to make a miracle happen. Bidana was also the patron goddess of merchants, but Basha hoped that she would overlook Lapo right now. They remained as still as possible, until Lapo turned around and walked away after searching for his daughter for a couple of minutes. Then Basha sighed and received a kiss from Jawen as she told him, “You did good, Basha, you did good.” She smiled.
 “Jawen, I don’t think I can stand much more of this any longer.”
“But we’re doing so well together, aren’t we?” Jawen asked.
“I guess, if you can call this doing well,” Basha said, sighing again. “Jawen, I just don’t think I can handle this anymore. Why can’t we tell anyone yet?”
“You don’t want my father getting angry at you, do you?” Jawen asked.
“No, I don’t want that, but I’m tired of living a lie. Or sort of a lie. A lie we have to tell in public. You lie here with me, as close as you can get, yet out in public we have to stay apart from each other. Jawen, I don’t want to live life like that. I want to have children, a wife, a job, a house, a life with you. Wouldn’t that be great?” 
Jawen hesitated. “Basha, I want all of that, I do, but I don’t think I’m ready for that sort of commitment yet. Or something.” She sighed. “I’m sorry, Basha.” 
“You don’t? But what about…” Basha sighed and shook his head. “Forget it, Jawen,” he said, getting up. 
“But Basha—”
“Forget it, Jawen, I’m leaving. Good-bye. I’m sorry,” he added, and then he checked to make sure that nobody was around to see him and Jawen together before he departed. He had always checked outside because Jawen wanted him to, saying she was afraid of being followed and discovered. But he had always wondered if she was a bit paranoid, because she was so afraid. He was not afraid, and he had never been followed.
Jawen did not pursue him then.

That was in the middle of Havin. In the month that followed afterward, leading up to the Sna season, Basha was miserable. It had been fun. Basha had enjoyed every moment he spent with Jawen wholeheartedly, but their joy and exuberance was often short-lived and followed by doubts, nagging suspicion, and arguments, along with the occasional invasion of their privacy that left either both or one of them hiding before they departed. 
If it was Lapo, nothing could lead Jawen back to the joy that they had once shared. She was too scared and would leave soon after without much of a reason or a good-bye for him. Basha worried that there might be something wrong between Jawen and her father, that she might have some “issue” with him, but then he assumed after a while that it was just some suspicion he had.
In that time, he was told, not just by his brother, but by his father and mother as well, who had already learned about his “affair” with Jawen and had decided not to tell Lapo and Mawen about it, that he was better off without her. So Basha tried to assure himself of this as he helped out in the fields, getting the crops in for the cold season, until the day the Zarien came to stay at the inn, near the start of the month of Novi.
Basha and Oaka were cleaning out the gutters in preparation for the snowstorms that were to come when she arrived, so they did not see her except from a distance as she dismounted her horse and stabled the animal before entering the inn. Once the boys were finished, they came inside, and their father immediately told them, “I want you two to be very careful. We have a visitor, a very important and dangerous type of visitor, right upstairs. I do not know what she is doing here, in this kind of weather, but she is a Zarien. From the Za Desert. Can you imagine?”
“I do not see what is so important or dangerous about her,” Habala said. “She is just an ordinary girl, about Basha or Oaka’s age, I would imagine, and she is not any more different than any other girl I’ve seen around these parts. I would imagine that she would be very frightened and very shocked hearing you talk this way about her, Geda,” she added for good measure.
“A Zarien,” Oaka said as he and Basha went to their room later on. “Can you believe it? What would she be doing around these parts, anyway?” 
“I don’t know. Probably going to see the oracle,” Basha said and shrugged. “Leastways that’s what almost everybody else does. Why should she be any different? Except for…living in the desert…” He paused a moment and then asked, “Do you suppose she once rode a camel?”
“Probably,” Oaka said.
The girl did not come down from her room for dinner that evening, nor did she come down for breakfast the next morning. “Basha!” Habala called, handing over a tray of food and a drink to him when he arrived. “Take this upstairs to the…room four, please,” she said, checking herself.
Basha nervously grasped the tray and went upstairs, careful not to spill anything as he went down the second-floor corridor to the room in question. He knocked on the door, managing to balance the tray against himself with the other hand. “Breakfast! Ma’am? Miss?” he shouted. He knocked again when there was no reply. “Breakfast, I have food for you. Ma’am? Miss? Hello?” He knocked again, a third time, and then looked down at the doorknob after a couple of minutes. “Are you feeling well? Is everything all right?” he called at the door, hoping that she might reply. He did not know what to do. “I am coming in!” he shouted as he grasped the doorknob and pulled it open, hoping—
“Halt, who goes there?” the young woman yelled, pointing the blade of a sword at him.
“I am sorry, miss, it is only I.” Basha held up one hand, trying to hold the tray steady with the other hand as he was shaking, staring at the sword pointed at him. “Basha, one of the sons of the innkeeper of this inn. I have brought you food,” he added. He was sweating.
The young woman was tanner of skin than he was, with long dark hair, and it appeared that she had just gotten out of bed. She was dressed in pants and a shirt, just like a boy! A girl dressed like him.
“Withdraw, please. What is that?” she asked.
“It is food—bacon, eggs. There is some juice here if you want it, or we can get you some tea or coffee, but that will cost extra. There is some milk downstairs.” He talked very fast when he was scared. “My mother, she thought you would like some food sent up to you after you missed breakfast and dinner last night. Compliments of the house.” He thought, sometimes Iibala dressed like a boy when she was riding her father’s horses, but only when she was riding.
“Thank you. Thank your mother for me,” the young woman said as she sheathed her sword and slowly came forward to accept the tray from him. “I am sorry for the trouble, but I cannot go down just now. I’m afraid of attracting attention to myself, and I would rather like to keep my privacy.”
“I am sorry, miss, it is just that we are not used to visitors from…” He hesitated.
“Please stop calling me miss,” she said. “My name is Monika.”
“Monika, I’m Basha. It’s a pleasure to make your acquaintance, and I hope that you will enjoy your stay at—”
“You already told me your name,” she said. “I must ask you to leave.” 
“I’m…all right, I’m sorry, I’ll go. Good-bye, Monika.”
“Wait. You may come back with lunch for me in a few hours’ time. I will pay for it, of course. Thank you again for bringing me food, Basha, and good-bye,” she said, and he left.
“What was she like?” Oaka asked Basha as soon as he came downstairs.
“You really do not want to know,” Basha said, walking past Oaka and toward the back of the inn as he wanted to either defecate, and relieve the stress causing him so much pain, or lay down in bed and cover his head until she was gone.

However, he met her again, sooner than lunchtime, when he was out wandering around. He spotted her sitting on a park bench at the edge of the square. The clock tower designed by his mother, Habala, was ticking in the background. He stopped a moment and stared, wondering if he should go back, but then he decided to proceed and not act scared, just walk right by her and hope that she was not scared either. He did just that and noticed that she was wearing a thick wool overcoat of the sort that went down to just below the knees and had stuffed her hair under a thick woolen cap. He was also wearing a coat, although his was of lighter material.
She got up as he walked past, perhaps thinking that she should move, and he noticed that she wasn’t walking very fast. “Were you injured?” he asked before he could stop himself.
Monika paused. “I was. Not that long ago,” she said. “I almost died from it, but I had a really good healer who got me up onto my feet and walking again.”
“Oh. I’m sorry,” he said, stopping to look at her. “Was…is it painful still?”
“No, not really, though sometimes I get a little ache. But it’s almost all gone now,” she said, looking up at a rooftop.
“What…How did you receive it?” 
“I was sword-fighting,” she said, sighing and looking away as she sat back down.
“Sword-fighting? With swords?” he asked, coming a little bit closer and then realizing how stupid he sounded.
“Yes, does that surprise you?” 
“No, not really, though I had…Well, there is one girl here in town who might be able to fight with swords, if her father taught her, but for the most part, I have not met any girl who fought with swords.” Talking a little fast again.
“Do you boys then do all of the sword-fighting around here?” she asked.
“Sort of, yes, but we train more than we fight.” 
“Oh? You have an instructor?” 
“Yes, he is a knight named Sir Nickleby.”
“Oh.” She glanced away from him.
“What’s wrong, Monika?” She sounded disappointed in him.
“There was a knight named Sir Nickleby who used to fight my mother and some of our people when we had conflicts between our nations,” she said, about to get up.
“No, wait, I’m sorry; I suppose he is the same man,” Basha said, although his mind was still reeling a bit at the thought of Sir Nickleby fighting anybody’s mother. “Not a very common name, I understand, and he was a very famous knight, the Sir Nickleby I know, distinguished with honor.”
“Dishonor,” Monika said. “Otherwise what is he doing all of the way up here, teaching young boys how to fight?” 
“I suppose he got tired of battle, maybe, and he wanted to raise his daughter, Iibala, right. Get her away from court, or battle, or wherever there was conflict. Take her someplace…I don’t know, peaceful,” Basha said.
“Yes, take her someplace else where he could train a whole new generation of fighters that would…” Monika shook her head and got up.
“I’m sorry about this, but I can’t help it, whatever he’s done, and you know how to fight too,” Basha said, shaking his head.
“I was only trying to defend myself,” she said, looking up again.
“That’s what we do too!” he said. “Who taught you?”
Monika stopped. “My mother.” 
“Did she teach you not to fight others who are less powerful than you are?”
“Of course she did,” Monika said, turning to face him. There was an odd look in her eyes and a strange tone in her voice. “We do not fight unless we have to,” she said. “But sometimes we do.” She sighed. “All right, I suppose you do have a point, but Arria is not the only place in this world. I suspect you forget that sometimes.” She sounded regretful.
“It’s not something I forget,” Basha said, walking away from her. “I remember.” He did not understand this strange young woman or what sort of life she had led.
* * * 
“Arria is the largest country, taking up about a quarter of the continent Salarria, or ‘Big Earth,’” the teacher said. He unfurled a long roll of paper and stuck it onto the wall with tree sap. 
The teacher at Coe Baba’s main school had been trained at the University at Coe Wana and might have become a professor at that distinguished place, or else at another school in a fine city, if not for the fact that he was a bit of a failure. However, he had been hired by Baron Augwys, who had financed the school in its construction, maintenance, and equipment for the purpose of educating these youths in a practical manner, providing them with the constructive knowledge that they needed to be good citizens of Coe Baba and Arria. The teacher did this to the best of his ability, according to the instructions given to him by Baron Augwys and with direction from the children’s parents.
The students, meanwhile, whispered among themselves and fidgeted in their seats as they waited, thinking that this lesson was taking too long. Most of them had plans for later on after school and had hoped to avoid the history lesson today to get on with the mud-ball turnip fighting.
Young Basha, however, took out a sheet of paper and started taking notes. He had a fondness for history, especially when the Old Man told him stories about kings and Knights, monsters and Fay, gods and great creatures. The old history that wasn’t really acknowledged by schoolteachers, except as a part of the religious curriculum. He liked to listen to stories, and the old ones weren’t the only ones he knew. Sir Nickleby liked to tell stories of the places he had been to, from Coe Kiki to Pinal, the Za Desert and Urso, and the things he had seen, describing battle stratagems and the carnage, what it was like to meet the king, and all of the different people he had met as well. Basha also heard tales told by his father’s guests and patrons, who frequented the inn until late into the night, talking and drinking and getting a little bit rowdy and bawdy sometimes.
The teacher displayed the map of Arria and its continent, pointing out various sections with his measuring stick. “As you can see, Arria takes up almost all of the west coast of Salarria, before going farther inland eastward. This is Mila Forest, where we are in the north. The Popo Hills, which are just to the south of us. And the Tau Valley, which is farther south. The Wastelands, where Doomba lives, is below all of this, and is not recognized anymore as a part of Arria.” 
Basha wrote a bit of this down, but he was generally familiar with the geography of Arria. He wanted to know more about the rest of the continent; that was a bit of a gray area for him.
The teacher moved his pointer to the northeast of Arria. “This is the Za Desert, west of Pakka, both of which are hot and dry for most of the year. The Za Desert is not an official part of Pakka, though Pakka and other countries claim parts of the desert. Below the Za Desert, to the southwest, is Pinal, a mountainous country, which is why the desert is so hot.” The teacher pointed to the south. “Mountains block off moisture, you see. As you can tell, Pinal is a continuation of the Popo Hills, west of Pinal. Pinal borders not only Arria and the Za Desert, but also Urso, which is southeast of Pinal. Urso borders the most countries, with Arria’s Tau Valley in the west, the Wastelands in the southwest, Pinal in the northwest, the Za Desert to the north, and Mirandor to the east. Urso has a diverse culture of peoples and landscapes, but it can be aggressive,” the teacher added, noting the growing animosity between Urso and Arria, which the children were probably well aware of. 
“Mirandor is to the east of Urso and the Wastelands, while Kiwata is east of Mirandor, and the Za Desert is north of Mirandor. Mirandor is considered the height of culture, with Arria and other countries emulating its style and taste. Angoria is east of the Za Desert and Pakka and to the northwest of Kiwata. Angoria is considered the height of civilization with a polished sense of decorum and politics. Kiwata is the easternmost country on the continent, containing Dalan Forest, the rainforest, although there are other island nations surrounding the continent, off of the east and west coasts. However, we will not talk about those until next year.” The teacher rolled up the map as best he could. “Now, to continue on, we were at about the point where the Knights of Arria defeated their first enemy,” he said, going after the history book. The children groaned.
Basha settled back, slightly disappointed. He had hoped for more information about the other countries, but he supposed that this had been a simple geography lesson. 
“The Knights defended Arria, the land that they named ‘earth’ after the Old Language word that they learned from their new friends,” the teacher said, reading from the book. “The land had been a loose collection of tribes, kingdoms, chiefdoms, and fortresses held by warlords and sundry. Yet the Knights stabilized the more civilized forces and turned back hordes that would have raided these civilizations developing art, law, politics, and knowledge.” The teacher paused a moment. “Does anyone here know where the Knights of Arria came from?” he asked. Nearly everyone raised a hand. The teacher looked around and pointed. “Jawen,” he said.
The girl stood up as everyone else lowered their hands. “Corrica, sir.” 
“Right, Jawen, but was Corrica more advanced than us?” the teacher asked.
Basha paused as he listened. He was curious to hear what she would have to say to that. It was a puzzling question, not exactly the sort of question one would ask an eight-year-old, and, well, Jawen was Jawen. He liked to hear her voice.
Jawen hesitated. “I think you could say Corrica was more advanced than us back then,” she said, “in that our ancestors had not developed as much as the Corricans did before Corrica was destroyed.” She cleared her throat and continued, “Corrica built the first form of government that was recognizable as such. They had art and culture, building monuments on their own before we did, yet Corrica was destroyed, and it had no magic, I think. It had no great creatures. It had none, or few, of our gods, and…I don’t know what it was like. I don’t know what Corrica, or Arria, was like before Doomba came, and everything…” she said, sitting down.
“No one knows what Arria was like, or Corrica, not truly, in the days before Arria was established as a country,” the teacher said. “Or even in the Golden Age that was meant to be the perfect time for magic, adventure, fantasy, and peace between all creatures, man, Fay, and great creatures, especially. Before Doomba came, and the Dark Ages started. Currently, it is the year 2672 DA, two thousand, six hundred, and seventy-two years since the start of the Dark Ages,” the teacher said, going back to the front of the room. “The time that Doomba has had to nearly take control of our country, and yet, despite the many opportunities that he’s had, he has failed to take over.” The schoolteacher turned back to them. “We still have a king on the throne, King Sonnagh, who is a defender of the people and is descended from one of the Knights of Arria, King Corr, who was the first king of Arria during our Golden Age,” he said. “We have a long line of kings stretching back to Corr, and we’ll start reviewing those tomorrow.”
The students started getting up from their chairs. “Be sure to read your history books tonight,” the teacher told them. “We shall have a test on the first few chapters in a week from now, and I want you all to be prepared. You are dismissed.” 

That long-ago history lesson, and many others like it, had prepared Basha for the world as he knew it, the world that had many troubles and dangers that stretched back in time. The world that was separated and partitioned off into different countries and cultures, which were similar to each other in some ways, but not in all. Basha had grown up in this type of environment, and he wanted to know more about the world outside of Coe Baba.
“How old are you?” he heard a voice say, and he looked up at Monika standing over him in the common room. It was later in the afternoon, just before dinner, when the sun was still high in the sky and had not dropped perceivably yet toward sunset, when the sun had been shining for so many hours that people had started to fade and hoped that night might come soon.
The common room was not very crowded at this hour. “I am nearly seventeen years of age,” Basha said. “I’ll be seventeen years old in about a month.”
“Seventeen, how odd. I’ll be seventeen as well in about five months,” Monika said. “Juna, Juna fourteenth, 2681 DA. Your birthday is just before the end of the old year and the beginning of the new.”
“Decam seventh,” Basha said. “Yes, but why did you ask? You did not talk much when I delivered your lunch a short while ago.”
“Well, I was still sore with you about earlier, but I wanted to know your age because you seem both old and young at the same time. Older and younger than your actual age. What about me?” she asked.
“What?”
“Did you think that I was old or young? Did you wonder about how old I was?”
“Well, I thought that you were older than me. You certainly seem more mature, in any case.” He did not know where she was going with this.
“Oh. And I am actually younger,” Monika said, slowly sitting down across from him. “Why is that, do you think?” 
“I think it has something to do with the way you talk, your voice. The way you talk sounds quite proper,” he said. What else was he supposed to say?
“The way I talk…I suppose where I come from, we learn how to pronounce things properly and correctly. One mistake can cost you.” 
“So where you come from is the desert, right?” 
“The desert is my home, but I have been to many places; many faces I have seen. It’s been years since I have been to the desert.” 
“So why aren’t you at your home?” 
“Are you saying…Are you asking me to leave?” she asked, half-serious.
“No, I’m not; it’s just that I have never been far from my home. Except for a few trips, I have not been outside of Coe Baba. I’ve wanted to go sometimes, to leave this place forever, but I just stay here in Coe Baba.”
“Why don’t you go?” she said, smiling. 
“I am afraid to leave in some small part of myself.” Basha said. “I was born and raised here, though I was meant to be someplace else. I was born of another woman. Habala and Geda are not my real birth parents; they just raised me here.” He stared off into the distance. “My mother came from someplace else, and I have always wondered what it would be like to be with my real birth mother, in that other place where she came from, but I cannot. My real birth mother is dead, and I am left here, alone in a sense.” He did not know why he confessed this. “This is my home, the one place I have ever truly known, and I do not know what the rest of the world is like. I do not know where she came from.”
Monika stared at him. “Well,” she said, unable to look away from him. “I do not know what the whole world is like. I have been to only a small portion of it myself. The desert was my home, and the best place in my mind. Harsh, yes, but one can find water if one knows how to look. It’s not so bad there if you know how to survive.”
Basha stared at her now. “Well, if you have been to such places that make the desert pale in comparison, in terms of harshness, then you have been through some rough times, haven’t you?” he asked, hoping for a laugh.
“More than you know, Basha, more than you know,” she said, smiling grimly.
“Well, I can show you around Coe Baba if you want me to. Coe Baba is a nice place, a peaceful place. I think you’ll find Coe Baba to be one of the dullest places on earth.” He smiled as she laughed. It was good to hear her laugh, even a little bit.
Chapter Twenty-One: Lovers United
I want to be with you forevermore,
And I know that you and I don’t always see
Eye to eye, but side by side, we can be together.
—Love song from Mirandor

“Lovers’ Rock,” Basha declared, clambering up onto the landmark. It was a little bit slippery with frost. It had been fifteen minutes since they had left the inn, and the sun was starting to go down. This was their first stop on Basha’s tour of the heart of Coe Baba.
“Doesn’t seem too impressive,” Monika said, standing on the ground with her arms wrapped around herself against the cold. “It’s just a boulder, not much taller than I am.” 
“You’ve got to understand—you’re standing up here, facing a crowd of people in the middle of the Courtship Ritual, and looking up at you is the love of your life. It can be pretty daunting,” he said, looking down at Monika with his breath puffing out. “And you’ve got to say the words that will be remembered by you both for the rest of your lives. Not to mention the fact that this is all going on record…”
“Record?” Monika asked, looking up at him.
“Yes, record—the town scribe is writing all of this up, sitting over there with the mayor standing next to him,” Basha said, pointing over to a corner of the clearing where the ceremony took place. “Every time a young man proposes to a young woman, the town scribes writes their names down on a list, sometimes adding their parents’ names in the margins, or just above their names, if necessary, to differentiate them from other people with the same name.” He had paid attention during the Courtship rituals for a long time, even when he was little. “See, the town keeps records of all engagements made on Lovers’ Rock to authenticate the marriage contracts that will be drawn up over time. No marriage can take place in this town without a contract, and a marriage contract is most binding when it has been witnessed.” He had been thinking of what his own Courtship ritual would be like for a long time.
“Is it necessary?” Monika asked. “The whole Courtship ritual and everything?”
Basha shrugged. “It’s traditional,” he said. “And most marriages in Coe Baba have been forged within these conditions. See, it’s like the young man has to have the courage to come up here and face all of these people, shouting at the top of his lungs just how he feels. And the young woman has to accept him, and what he has to offer her, in order to proceed with the engagement and marriage. No one is forced into anything.” 
“What about the marriage contract?” she asked.
“What about it?”
“What does the marriage contract contain?” she asked. “If it’s signed before the wedding and everything? Do they agree to anything?” she asked, glancing around.
“Well, I don’t know. I suppose it states the dowry is this, and the dower is that; the bride gets this, and the groom gets that, and it’s all sealed and agreed upon that they shall get married with everything settled between them. And if something goes wrong, they keep what was given to them in the engagement.”
“So the woman has to stand close to the Rock but cannot climb it,” Monika said, grasping the Rock herself, “cannot proclaim her own love for this man, or for any other person…” She paused halfway up. “Has anyone ever said anything about—” She nearly slipped.
“Careful, Monika!” Basha cried, bending down.
“I’m all right,” she said, shaking her head. “Never mind, I suppose I shouldn’t mention it.” She sighed and kept climbing, grimacing as Basha helped her up onto her feet. “It’s not like it would be considered normal for this part of the world.” She pulled her arm away from him. 
They stood upon the Rock, just beneath the outspread branches of the old birch tree the Old Man sat under to tell his stories.
Basha stared at her, perplexed. “Well, anyway,” he said, uncomfortable with where she was going with this, “that is how it goes in Coe Baba. It’s been that way for hundreds, if not thousands, of years. I’m not sure of any other way. It might be better, or it might not be. I don’t know—how does it go in other countries and towns?” he asked, looking up at her. Was she a little taller than him?
“It might be more informal, or more formal, than climbing a rock, depending on preferences,” Monika said, looking down. “Marriage is certainly a ceremony wherever you go, colorful and delightful or sacred and cordial. The engagement, a little less so.” She glanced around. “Sometimes the contract—marriage—is prearranged, with everyone else agreeing on the final terms and limits except for the couple involved. Or else the people simply choose to get married without thinking of the consequences. Do you…Never mind. They might want to, or have to, get married without waiting for any contract or engagement to be settled between them. It doesn’t always work out, but sometimes it does.” She looked at him. “Are you interested in asking someone to marry you?” 
“Me? I don’t know,” Basha said, looking down now. “I had someone in mind, but she did not want to get married right now.” He blushed.
“Oh,” Monika said, looking down. “Never mind,” she said, climbing down from the rock and being a little bit more careful this time. “I’m always saying things that…Show me around some…What is that place?” she asked, pointing to a hut just visible beyond a thicket of trees. The sunset streaked the sky with purple and orange and magenta haze.
“That is the Old Man’s house,” Basha said, clambering down as well. “We don’t go over there during the daytime, only at night.” His feet landed upon the ground. “The Old Man is the storyteller, or katlin, of this village, and most of the schoolchildren go over there to visit him after all of their chores are done, or they have brought in the crops during the Havin season. He tells a story or two outside of his house for about an hour, lighting a fire for all of us to sit around, and then he goes back inside his home, and we go home. That’s the way—”
“It has always been,” Monika said, staring at the house. “For how long has it been this way?”
“All of these years,” Basha said, clearing his throat as he leaned against the Rock. “The oldest great-great grandfathers remember that he was old when they were young. The Old Man has been around for hundreds, if not thousands, of years. It’s even in the records.” He added, “We should go back,” pointing toward Coe Baba.
Monika shuddered. “Coe Baba has got to be the strangest, dullest place around,” she said, staring back at him. “It’s creepy in a way; I have never heard of or seen such a thing.” She turned back to the cabin. “The Old Man…No one has ever thought to ask him his name, or who he really is, or what makes him this way, or whether or not he is the same Old Man for all of these years?” 
“The Old Man is the Old Man,” Basha huffed. “We don’t ask him his name.” He looked down at his feet. 
“Why not?” Monika asked.
We should go back, he thought to himself, but he answered. 
“There were some people who asked him once, and they got a very bad response,” Basha said, clearing his throat. He remembered old wives’ tales about naughty little children who had asked the Old Man his name and the punishment they got afterward. “Anyway, there has been no proof that he changes, that he is replaced by another ‘Old Man’ because he stays the same. Literally,” Basha said. “I remember him, Monika. I have seen him my whole life, growing up, and he looks the same to me as he did when I was a boy. Not as old or as decrepit as you might think, but pretty old nonetheless,” he said, thinking back. 
“He doesn’t change? He is frozen in age?” Monika asked, frowning.
“Pretty much. He doesn’t talk much about himself; he just tells the stories. What fabulous stories.” Basha smiled. “All of those old, fantastic stories that you grew up with—the tales of gods and monsters, heroes and villains, all of it, the same, warm and familiar. After a while, he repeats himself, goes back to the beginning with a story that you heard a couple of months—or a few years—ago, but it doesn’t matter because it never gets boring. He makes it the same, yet he makes it new again. He makes it exciting again,” Basha said. I remember him, Monika, he thought.
Monika stared at him. “Strange it is…” she said.
“And he doesn’t get out much at all. He just comes into town every now and again for food and supplies,” Basha said, remembering the time he had entered a shop during a visit from the Old Man and observed the salesperson running around the shop, grabbing things off of the shelves according to the Old Man’s curt instructions. And the Old Man never really paid for anything. He just left almost as quickly as he got his things. 
“What does he talk about?”
“Stories, of course. And as for why or how he stays the same, I have not thought much about that,” Basha said, looking down. “I suppose it is a bit of magic, or something like that, but he has not shown himself to be magical. He does a few tricks to keep the little children entertained during his stories, but nothing substantial. Nothing real.” He added, “Unless you count his words as magic.” Basha thought to himself that he should really be more curious about things in his life.
“Words can be magic,” Monika said to herself, staring out into the distance. “The sun is going down. I suppose we should head back to the inn?” she asked. 
“Yes, let’s do that,” Basha said, turning away.
“I had the funniest feeling I was being watched,” Monika muttered, staring back at the Old Man’s hut. Basha did not hear her. 
“Do you…Are you going to see the Oracle of Mila?” he asked Monika on the way back to the inn.
She paused. “Yes, I am,” she said. “Why do you ask?”
“No reason, I was just wondering. Most people come here for that reason. I was just wondering, or hoping, that you were different.” 
“I am going to leave here as soon as I get my answer, Basha,” she said. “I came here only for that reason.”
“I know, I just…What are you going to ask her?” 
“I am going to ask her where I should go from here,” she told him. “I have been wandering for a long time, and I am not sure I am ready yet to go home. There is so much that needs to be done. Perhaps there is something else out there that I should do before I go home.” 
“Oh, well, good luck with that,” Basha said.
“Have you ever seen the Oracle?” Monika asked.
“No, I haven’t,” he said. “We don’t generally believe in her, as a rule, around here.” 
“Mmm, it’s a pity. I had not heard much about her before the healer recommended that I should go see her, as she said the Oracle has some pretty wise advice. I do not even know what the Oracle looks like, and yet here I am. Is that not the strangest thing?” Monika said, laughing a little bit and shaking her head. By this time, they had reached the inn. “Basha, thank you for showing me around, and if I do not see you again this evening, I want to wish you good luck, and good-bye.” 
“Are you going in the morning?” Basha asked.
“I suppose. I had not thought much about staying, and even though I would like to see more of the town, with you as my guide, I think it’s best if I go see the Oracle as soon as possible. Snow is probably coming soon, and I would not like to be trapped here. It’s probably best that I go before it gets too cold.” 
“Right, I understand you,” he said, walking ahead of her. “I’ll probably stay away from you too. Good-bye, Monika,” he told her. “And good luck,” he muttered again.
He did not see her again, and in the morning, she was gone.
Decam seventh came about a month later, a week after Oaka’s birthday party, with Basha moping at the refreshment table. He was not thinking of anyone in particular, although he half-hoped that Jawen might show up at his birthday party, and he could dance with her, though he was probably just dreaming. Several other girls came up to the refreshment table and lingered for a while, including Iibala, but he either did not notice them or ignored them.
A white-haired bard, with traces of red and black locks in his hair, was staying at the Smiling Stallion Inn for a couple of weeks until the snowstorms died down. He began to strum a familiar tune on his guitar. The bards, especially in Arria, were well-known for playing coarse, comical songs that were highly popular, and everyone, especially Oaka, in the room cheered, recognizing what he was about to sing. 
The wise fool, best among men,
He walked along the road and sang,
Til-dee-um-bum.
A woman came ’round him with a goose on a lead,
He grabbed her hand and danced with her,
Til-dee-um-bum.
The goose flapped loose, and it squawked;
The woman cried out in despair in her waltz;
Til-dee-um-bum.
The goose flew up and dropped…
All across the room, the people shouted out the last lines back at him, most slurring, with Oaka the loudest of them all as he had memorized most of these “wise fool” songs by heart, and he often laughed with Sisila over them, calling himself that man. A few moments later, they all clapped, cheered, and whistled. 
Geda came out from behind the bar, carrying a new keg of ale for the refreshment table, and set it down by Basha with a grunt before he wiped his forehead. “Those things are heavy,” he said, trying to smile. “Happy birthday, son. What are you doing over here?”
“Nothing, Father,” Basha said, and grimaced. “I’m sorry, I know it’s a lot of trouble, but I’m not really in the mood to enjoy all of this.”
Geda shook his head. “Look, it’s all right, son, it’s just…two parties in a week, that’s a lot to handle. So, what seems to be the trouble, Basha?” he asked. “Is it about Jawen?” 
“I don’t know, I just don’t feel right,” Basha said, shaking his head. “It probably is, she…We broke up two months ago, yet I can’t get over it.” The bard, coming up to the refreshment table to get some ale, caught the last few words and said, “Ah, you’re just being stupidly romantic. Love really isn’t that hard; love is just as crude as my songs, and twice as messy. You get it splattered all over you. It’s disgusting.”
“You don’t understand,” Basha said.
“Let the man talk, Basha,” Geda said, tapping the keg of ale to drain out a pint for the bard. “Go on, sir, tell us about love,” he said, holding out the pint. “Maybe that’ll help the boy get over his lovesickness.”
“Myself, I don’t see why some men, like regal minstrels, write tragedies about love, or romance as they call it in the high-and-mighty fashion, saving damsels in distress from dragons and ogres and whatnot, when it really is the lovelorn men who need saving from themselves. Take it from me—that is where the real trouble lies.” The bard accepted the pint and took a big gulp before he continued. “There’s already enough trouble in the world without dramatizing love as an absolute joy for those who achieve it and an absolute heartache for those who don’t. I’ve been through love, in and out of love, and it hasn’t changed me one bit. Look at me—do I seem different to you? Love really isn’t that imperative; you don’t lose your life over love,” he said, taking another big gulp. “You might lose sleep and a lot of money, but never your life.”
“You don’t understand me, and you don’t understand what I’ve been through, so just forget it,” Basha said, shaking his head.
“It was worth a try.” The bard shrugged. 
“Thank you, sir, for singing your songs and telling us about love,” Geda said, holding out his hand.
“Thank you, sir; I’m glad to perform them. Always a pleasure, night after night, year after year, it never gets old,” the bard said, wiping the foam from his face before he shook hands with the innkeeper. “The bard songs at least always stay fresh. They never get stale, no matter how crude they get, or how many times you play them, and as for minstrel songs? They rot as soon as they are told. They never stay in fashion for very long. They are such an absolute bore.”
“We do appreciate it, thank you. By the way, what is your name?” Geda asked. 
“It’s Paracleus, a strong name for a strong bard, and twice as manly,” he said, and turned to Basha. “Boy, I hate to admit it, but you’re just as bad as a dreary, nasally Jobe.” He laughed.
“What in the name of Tau are you talking about?” Basha asked, lifting his head. “What is a Jobe?” 
The bard covered his mouth. “Sorry.” Paracleus tried not to laugh as he said, “It’s just something of a bard joke, nothing much in the way of humor. Well, take care of yourself, boy.” Paracleus turned and retreated back to his spot, drinking the last bit of ale before he set down his glass and picked up his guitar, playing “The Girl and her Donkey-Lover” to wide acclaim.
Basha groaned. “I suppose I’ve humiliated you enough,” his father said. “I’ll be at the bar if you need me, and Basha, do try to enjoy yourself. Happy seventeenth birthday.”
Basha was not left alone for long, as Oaka and Sisila appeared to get a bite to eat. “Basha!” Oaka said, slapping his brother on the back. He shook his head and said, “Find a sincere girl; don’t chase the wild doe!” 
Basha rolled his eyes. “The wild doe is worth more than any other girl!” he said.
Sisila, eating one of the appetizers, swallowed and laughed. “Though that is rude, Basha, considering that I am one of those other girls, I shall take no offense! You need not defend my honor, Oaka! Come on, let’s dance!”
Oaka made a face at Basha before he clasped Sisila’s hand. She giggled and waved at Basha before following Oaka back out onto the dance floor. 
Basha sighed and finally left the refreshment table. Exiting the common room, he grabbed a coat off of a wall hook and went down to the end of the back hallway. He stepped out into the stable yard, thinking that he might find some comfort attending to his horse, Talan. He halted in his steps instead. 
For there, leaning against the stable wall, was Jawen. She had come for the festivities, dressed warmly with her auburn hair tied up in a bun. Though she first stiffened at the sight of him, she glanced around and quickly relaxed, pushing herself away from the wall to walk over to him. There was nobody else out here, just the two of them on one of winter’s coldest nights.
Basha didn’t move, for he didn’t want to startle her. Jawen was wild at times, but she was still just a doe. She halted a few inches away from him. Her breath came out in a warm puff of air, which he could just barely feel. 
Jawen murmured, “Happy birthday, Basha. I hope this year will be a good one for you.”
Their shoes crunched in the snow. “Thank you, Jawen,” Basha said. “Perhaps you could make it so. I’ve been thinking—”
“Let’s not say anything yet,” Jawen told him, “that we may come to regret. I think we should just enjoy ourselves tonight, don’t you?” She sidled up to him. “We can talk about tomorrow whenever we have more time, but for now, let us just enjoy the moment, and forget about everything else.” She kissed him. Basha fell for that embrace. He loved her, and she loved him. 
Then the Courtship ritual came.

“What was that?” Doomba murmured, leaning forward. 
“Pardon me, sire?” The gringok paused in its effort of cleaning the alabaster mask.
“There is something stirring out there. It is something youthful and vital, something I have never felt before.” 
“Perhaps it is a child or youth, something like that,” the gringok murmured. “Aren’t those babies supposed to be full of life and youth—innocence, you might call it?”
“No, this is not like that,” Doomba muttered, shaking his head. “I have felt the presence of babies before. Even a child, a baby, is full of remorse and sorrow, fear and anger. They are hungry and thirsty, they feel the darkness that surrounds them, and they are confused and agitated by the world around them. No—no child is as youthful and vital as this is,” Doomba said. “This thing can cut like a knife, a sword, and yet it is full of whimsy and marvels. It is an odd thing, whatever it is.”
“Perhaps it will go away soon,” the gringok said.
“Yes, it does fade away, after a while, and yet it is still there, just out of the corner of my eye, hidden in plain sight.” Doomba frowned. “I must look into this.”
“You always say that,” the gringok muttered.
“What?” Doomba cried, turning on his Servant.
“Nothing, nothing, forget it, sire!” the gringok said, crouching down.
“How can I forget it?” Doomba asked, and the gringok screamed as Doomba clutched him without moving his hands. The mask laid on the floor, its eyeless façade staring up at Doomba. “Bring me a mirror.” He insisted a minute later, letting go of the gringok. 
Doomba growled as he looked at his reflection in a mirror held up by one of the gringoks, his true reflection without the mask. “This is a shell of a man, and I rattle around in his ribcage,” he said, swinging his arm and shattering the glass. The gringok cowered beside the mask. “I should have a new body, one that does not appear so aged and grotesque,” he said to himself, staring off into the distance. “A new, strong body, one that does not have such wrinkles and scars, but can bear my weight, and lift me off of my throne.” He picked up his mask. “A fine specimen of a man who can…The tiger,” he said to himself.
“The tiger?” the gringok asked.
“The tiger of light. He moves in the dark, but he is not of the dark. His light shines brighter than anything around him. He hides his light now, even from himself, but he cannot hide it for long. He holds his lantern up to the dark and says ‘come get me.’” Doomba growled, putting the mask back over his face. “I will find him. I will twist him to my purpose. I will make him fit to inhabit. Someday…Do you know how I got to be like this?” he asked, turning to the gringok.
The gringok shook his head. “No, sire.”
“There is another world where they have Romans, citizens of a great empire that started in the city of Rome and stretched out to cover a large portion of their world,” he said, turning to stare off into the distance once more. “This mask is similar to one of the Roman statues. Anyway, I was once part of such a great empire, the Corrican empire, and then…I was so very close to becoming emperor of the Corricans,” Doomba said. “The Romans had a man, Julius Caesar, who was also close to becoming their emperor until he was stabbed to death by former friends, but I was even closer. I had the entire empire, the people and the Council of Elders, begging me to take my rightful place, until it was all destroyed.” Doomba growled. “I could have been the Caesar of my world, instead of this demon.” 
The gringok quickly shook his head again. “No, sire, you are not a demon; you are not.”
“I am!” Doomba roared, slamming a fist down on the armrest of his throne. “I am a demon! I was brought forward from the demon world to inhabit this body after Corrica was destroyed. I was Memba on the island of Corrica as a human, but now I am Doomba. Memba had no choice when he left the island of Corrica, destroyed as it was by fire and ash. But when he arrived in Arria, he was given a chance, a choice, and he took it, converting this body to demon form. We are both one and the same for how many long years we have inhabited each other.” Doomba growled. “Three thousand, nearly three thousand long years since…We are ready to move on. It is time.” He looked up toward the ceiling and growled. “Come to us, tiger, come to us, and we will be ready for you, ready to move on! We shall twist fate and bend the world to our will!” He roared. The gringok ran away. “It is time,” Doomba said. “Time to cast aside my old self, and welcome the new.” He smiled behind his mask of redoubtable glory.
Coming Soon:
Servants and Followers
The Legends of Arria: Volume 2
He managed to sit up, looking down at the falcon perched on his lap. “Never is it a good sign when birds start attacking you,” Basha muttered to himself; he knew that well.
“Wolves! Coming this way! Get out of here, boy!” the falcon yelled.
