Paranormal Short Story Sampler


Marla Braziel and K. Matthew
Copyright 2013


All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without written permission of the author.

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please  purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Smashwords Edition 


Stories by Marla Braziel

Zombie Wars Online: Episode 1
Sunset High: Musical Chairs


Stories by K. Matthew

A Month with Werewolves: Serial 1
Blood and Water: First Encounter


ZOMBIE WARS ONLINE: EPISODE 1


Chapter 1


The thundering of at least a dozen hungry fists banging on the solid steel door of the storage hangar that separated the three exhausted boys from the horde of zombies on the other side didn't give much comfort to the fact that they were still alive. They ran almost a mile to make it this far. Fatigue was quickly taking over, and they knew that it was only a matter of time before the door would come down, as many had before it, and they would have to be off again.
There was no time to waste. Every move had to be made with calculated precision to ensure the success of their mission. 
Brandon quickly crossed the room, grabbing a chair that had been haphazardly knocked over in the middle of the floor, and pulled it to the window on the opposite side. There was another door there, but leaving through it blindly could have the same result as trying to escape through the door that was encumbered with zombies. 
Within half a second, Brandon was standing on the chair surveying what lie ahead through a small raised window. “Holy shit.” He gasped at the sight before him.
“What is it?” Cade asked.
“The supply room. There's fencing on both sides of it, and it looks like at least a hundred zombies on the other side.”
“A suicide mission.” Cade sighed briefly. No one disagreed with him. “How far away is it?”
“About fifty feet. There are four zombies directly in our path and three to the right.”
“How many arrows do you have left?” Cade asked Matt, keeping his eyes and his gun pointed toward the door in case the zombies happened to break through.
“Seven,” the other boy replied.
Stupid fucking Matt, Cade thought in disgust. If they had more time, Cade would have given him an earful for wasting so many arrows. But he knew that they couldn't even afford the second that it would take for the words to leave his mouth. 
“You're the fastest. You make a break for the supply room,” Cade said to Matt. “I'll shoot the ones to the right and then start taking out the ones that come from the fence.”
“You don't think we should just kill the ones in our way and make a break for it?” Brandon asked, arching an eyebrow in doubt.
“Well, yeah, but as soon as we leave this room, those fences are going down, and I doubt that any of us will make it if we all take the time to stop and shoot. We'll try for it, but in the end, if only one of us can make it, it should be Matt, because he's the fastest.” He paused for a moment to see if anyone would object, then continued, “Just get the rocket launcher. Don't pay attention to anything else that's in that room. Don't try to fight them. Just get the rocket launcher.” Cade couldn't emphasize the last part enough. It had taken them over an hour to get this far, and he would be ticked if it was all for nothing.
It wasn't the best plan, but Cade figured that it was the one with the highest chance of success. If Matt didn't fuck it up, their hard work would be rewarded with one of the most powerful mass zombie killing weapons available. 
“Alright, let's do this,” Brandon said as he jumped off of the chair and wrapped his hand around the door handle. He counted down from three to one, and then the three boys took one final look at each other before they burst through the other side. 
As predicted, no sooner than they were in sight of the zombies behind the fence, the eight foot tall chain link structure began to shake. Within less than a minute, it was down, and zombies were pouring out on both sides, as if they had choreographed the breaking down of the fence into an artful deathtrap, designed to cage the boys in and secure their demise.
Gunfire sang through the air, barely audible over the groans of the hungry zombies, all reaching out with their gray decaying limbs in a race to see who could reach the boys first. They came at their victims full speed, as if missing chunks of muscle did nothing in deterring their propulsion forward. These zombies were fast and strong, not the weak and soft roamers that scuttled along the outskirts of the safe zones, barely mustering up a limp. These zombies were designed to kill you. 
Yellow teeth protruded from jaws powerful enough to take a bite out the side of an SUV, and they gnashed recklessly at their target, not caring where they landed as long as they pulled back a mouthful of flesh. Add to that the fact that the zombies' fingernails were razor sharp, capable of easily cutting through most cloth and fabric with a single swipe, and you had the perfect recipe for screwed if one were to get a hold of you. 
Cade and Brandon dressed accordingly for such an attack, but Matt did not, which made him all the more a liability to the mission. In comparison to Cade's SWAT uniform and Brandon's police uniform, Matt looked like a regular civilian in a pair of blue skinny jeans and a thick dark green down jacket with fur-trimmed hood. Matt's motto was, “killing zombies in style." Cade thought it should have been, “getting killed by zombies in style." 
Matt held his crossbow close to his chest, fighting back the urge to fire on the zombies that were pouring out of the downed fences on both sides. It was hard not to want to shoot at them, there were so many. But he knew that this mission was important, and Cade was in charge. If he faltered for even a moment, or so much as lifted his crossbow to make it look like he was going to shoot, he would hear about it later.
Matt had almost made it to the supply room when he felt the cold hand on his shoulder pulling him back. The zombie dug its bony fingers into him, and Matt could hear the gasping sound it made before it would sink its teeth in. He turned just in time to see the yellow teeth with infected puss filled gums bearing down into the collar on his jacket, and then the pressure came. Not from the horrible bite that the creature inflicted, but from it leaning into him as Brandon's ax sliced into the back of its neck.
“Go!” Brandon yelled at Matt, as if he knew that the shock of it would cause Matt to pause.
It did make him pause. How could he help it when he watched the three zombies behind Brandon grab him and pull him into the horde. It wasn't Brandon yelling at Matt that gave him the strength to proceed onward, it was the screams that he heard from his friend as the zombies began biting into him, tearing flesh from his body, and ripping him apart limb from limb.
Matt sprinted the last few steps to the supply room, wrapped his hand around the handle, and ran inside without so much as a glance back, knowing that both of his friends were dead.
Cade would have sighed in relief seeing Matt enter the storage room if he hadn't been so preoccupied with the zombies that were closing in on him. Once they had left the storage hangar, Cade had backed up to the side of the building so that he could get a better shot at the incoming zombies. Long range was his talent, but they were coming so fast that it was hard to keep up. As sad as it was to say, Brandon's death had given Cade a small opportunity to survive, though he certainly wouldn't be making it to the supply room where Matt was. He would have to backtrack and find another building to hole himself up in until Matt got a hold of the rocket launcher.
Since Cade was already on the side of the building, his best bet was to go for the storage hanger next to the one that they had just been in. Hopefully, the zombies that were chasing them before had broken through the door and were now corralled inside. That would lessen the number he would be running into, considering he would have to go behind the back of the building. Trying to skirt around the front wasn't an option. The fence zombies already took away that option.
Cade turned to run towards the back of the second storage hangar, but he hadn't gotten very far before his heart nearly stopped in horror. The group of zombies that had chased them before hadn't broken through the door. Instead, they all seemed to be standing around, waiting for him. Upon seeing Cade, they instantly lit up with renewed purpose and continued pursuit. He was surrounded, and his chance of escape had quickly become even more bleak. All that he could do was run and hope for the best.
Should I shoot or just run? Should I drop the gun? Maybe if I dropped the gun I would be able to run faster. Maybe I can make it, Cade thought as he saw the corner of the storage hangar come into view. But as soon as the thought crossed his mind, he felt the cold clammy hands grip his arms and pull him back, not just one pair, but at least three.
Cade turned just in time to feel the first set of teeth sink into his right bicep. He had thought that the SWAT team armor would have offered more protection, but the teeth sliced through it like a hot knife through butter. As the second set of teeth pierced his side, Cade gave up hope, dropped his sniper riffle and waited for death to come. Even if he managed to pull away, the zombies that stood between him and the hangar door were quickly closing in. 
Running and snarling, some even able to muster up a low-pitched scream, the zombies came in a seemingly endless torrent. Their eyes were blood-shot and yellow. Many of them had foamy cream-colored puss oozing from their tear ducts. Cade briefly wondered if that's what happened when people died. Did puss ooze out of their tear ducts? He knew better though. This was all for effect.
Like a downed grasshopper in a disturbed anthill, the zombies converged on him. Cade could hear himself screaming, but he didn't feel it coming from his mouth. All that he could think about was whether or not Matt had listened to him and made a run for the rocket launcher, or had this all been for nothing.


Chapter 2


Matt closed and locked the supply room door as fast as he could and then turned to press his back against it. He knew he only had a few seconds to get his bearings before he would be thrust into combat with whatever was inside.
Rows of cheap metal shelving units spanned the room, covered in various objects that would have been good for looting. These trinkets were not the prize though, and Matt would waste no time on them. What he had come for, however, was also in plain sight. Resting atop a table on the opposite side of the room sat the rocket launcher safely housed in its metal case, just waiting for him.
For a moment, Matt felt a glimmer of hope. But it was quickly dashed as his eyes landed on the real obstacle. At least ten feet tall, and as big around as a barrel, solid with bruise colored muscle and flesh, stood the Harbinger, a super zombie, guarding the rocket launcher.
Matt knew that it had seen the door open, heard the groans from the other zombies and the screams from Matt's comrades. Surely, the Harbinger would awaken and swoop down like merciless death. But it didn't. It just stood there, silent and still, as if it had no intentions of attacking at all. 
Matt took a deep breath and raised his crossbow to take aim, but no sooner did he move then the horrific Goliath charged him, knocking over the rows of shelving as if they weren't even there, sending various objects sailing through the air like shrapnel in its wake. 
Matt's eyes grew wide as he saw the giant scythe raised high above his head. What is rust or blood that stained its blade permanently red? Probably both, Matt thought as he fired an arrow into the Harbinger's face. That absolutely horrific face, made of burnt flesh and metal and stitching. There weren't any eyes for it to see out of, no nose for it to smell Matt's human scent, not even any ears to hear him scurrying about in panic. How the Harbinger detected its victims was a mystery, yet it somehow knew they were there.
The arrow was pathetically weak against the monster. It stuck about an inch deep into the center of the Harbinger's face and didn't seem to phase him one bit. 
In acknowledgment that it was a lost cause to fight, Matt sidestepped the swinging blade as it came down, and darted past the Harbinger towards the rocket launcher, tossing his crossbow to the side along the way. If he could just reach the rocket launcher, he would be alright.
With the Harbinger behind him, Matt jumped around the fallen shelving as quickly as his feet would allow. One false step would mean death at the hands of the monster. As much as he wanted to look back, Matt knew it would only cost him time, something that was crucial now that he had already wasted enough of it firing the arrow at the Harbinger's head. Had he immediately sidestepped and ran for the rocket launcher, his chances of survival might have been considerably higher. 
Matt could feel the wind pick up around him as the scythe came down next to his right shoulder. For the fact that the Harbinger was so big, he wasn't a very good aim, and he was also surprisingly slow. 
Finally, Matt reached the table. He stretched out his arm to grab the case. His fingertips slid over the hard top, fumbled over the side of it, touched the handle, and then he froze in place. Not frozen, but stuck. Matt coughed a breath that was muddled with blood, choking him as it spilled out the corners of his mouth. Had the scythe gone completely through him? Matt's palm hit the top of the case with a messy thud. His fingers desperately tried to crawl toward the handle, but it was all for naught. 
The Harbinger pulled back on the scythe, and Matt came with it, ran completely through, from the top of his spine where the oversized blade had entered, to the base of his pelvis where it had hooked him a second time.
With brute force, the Harbinger slung his blade, as if to clean it from the filthy human body that was now impaled on the end. Matt splattered against the wall, entrails cascading down from the wound that cut him from throat to crotch. He made a final gurgling sound as he watched the Harbinger resume his sentinel position in front of the rocket launcher, hiding it from view. 


Chapter 3


Cade pulled the Felote from his head and wiped the sweat from where it had been crowning him for over three hours. For the Felote being the most advanced technology in gaming, you'd think it would have been lighter. The thick round headband that gave the gamer the ability to enter a dreamlike state and enjoy games as if he were actually in them, put a real strain on Cade's neck.
He rubbed his eyes and then focused in on his computer screen, watching as the zombies tore him apart. In the distance, between the first storage hangar and the supply room, he thought he could see the zombies finishing off bits and pieces of Brandon, though there certainly wasn't much left of him. An intestine here, a lung there—and was that a foot. Cade didn't feel like zooming in to find out.
One thing that Zombie Wars Online was fond of was letting you watch your own death, in sick detail, every single time. Cade was annoyed by the fact that he couldn't speed it up, or skip it completely. The creators of the game said that it was more realistic that way. They really wanted to drive home the point of what would happen if you failed a mission during the real zombie apocalypse. That was all well and entertaining for the first few times. The game was so advanced that you could be killed a million times, and it wouldn't go down exactly the same way. Still, when you played the game for as long as Cade had, ever since it had been in beta, having to sit through death scenes that lasted for at least one minute got a bit redundant. They forced you to watch until your character was completely dead, whether it took one minute or ten minutes. Cade had heard that this one guy had to sit through over thirty minutes of death footage. His character had got himself caught in a trap, and a single weak straggling zombie had come along and taken its time eating him. The guy could have committed suicide, but he said that he wanted to test how long a death scene could take in the game.
But the game designers took it farther than that. You could watch until you were completely devoured as well—see how many zombies would come along to take part in your fallen corpse. Like seagulls being thrown bread on the beach, you start with one or two, by the time the loaf of bread is gone, there are fifty surrounding you, begging for scraps.
Cade didn't understand the appeal of watching every single death every single time. The more you watched yourself die, the more desensitized you became to it, the less fun it was to see. Still, it was a popular thing to do. Since players could take in game video footage, a lot of people purposely got themselves killed in the most interesting ways that the game offered and would upload the videos on YouTube. These types of videos often got thousands of hits. 
Cade decided to let his death play out onscreen while he went to get a glass of water. As soon as Matt got his hands on the rocket launcher, they would all be portaled to the military compound anyway. Even if Matt didn't succeed, they would probably all be back at the compound before he returned with the water.
By the time Cade slid onto his computer chair, Matt and Brandon were standing next to his character at the military compound. Cade gave the Felote an unpleasant look before picking it up and sliding it on his head. Within a minute, the reality around him disappeared, and he was back in the game, as if it were just as real as the bedroom that he was actually sitting in.
Characters on the computer screen were much less realistic than when you were wearing the Felote. Outside of the game, characters' expressions were vaguely discernible when they weren't over dramatic. Inside the game, they were lifelike, and it became obvious to Cade before he had even opened his mouth that Matt failed in getting the rocket launcher.
“You didn't get it, did you?” Cade glowered at Matt.
“Dude, there was a Harbinger in there,” Matt quickly went on defense.
“Just one?”
“Yeah, but the room was small. I couldn't get away from it.”
“I told you to fucking run,” anger quickly seeped into Cade's voice.
“Dude, I did. I even got to the rocket launcher. My hand was on it. I even touched the handle.” Matt's eyes glazed over as he recalled the ordeal. “It was like that episode of Naruto where Kakashi makes them go after those bells. I touched the bell, but I couldn't get my hand around it.”
Cade didn't want to hear it. He was certain that Matt had done something to fuck it all up, someway, somehow.
“Give him a break,” Brandon said, as if reading Cade's condescending thoughts. “Sending him in wasn't the best idea anyway. He didn't have a chance. It should have been you or I that went in.”
Cade sighed. To be honest, they set the mission up for failure. Between Matt being low level and them not having a full party to begin with, they did well to get as far in the mission as they had. Most other players would have died long before reaching the supply room with only three members. “Oh well,” he said finally. “At least we know what to expect now.”
“Yeah,” Brandon replied. “We should wait to try again until Roland logs on. And take either a healer or Deidre with us.”
“Deidre is weaker than Matt. He'd probably be the first to die,” Cade objected.
“Well then, we should find a high level Lycan or a Medic to join us.”
“Perhaps we should find another Archer as well.” Cade shot Matt a hurtful glance.
Matt tried to pretend that the comment didn't phase him, but he always felt inadequate when playing with the guys, who were both a lot higher level than he was. Compared to them, Matt was a noob. He knew that Cade had no interest in doing the lower level missions that Matt could handle, so he went along with them on the harder missions, which almost always got him killed. 
“Well, I'm going to go check on the girls. I saw Liv log on a little while ago.” Matt decided that it was in his best interest to get away from Cade before he sucked what little joy was left out of Matt. 
“I need to go buy more bullets,” Cade said, a bit relieved that Matt was leaving so that he wouldn't feel obligated to invite him on the next mission. They would have a much higher chance of success without him.
“I'll come with,” Brandon offered, and there was no objection. It wasn't a big secret that they would be going on another mission afterward, without Matt. 
“Well guys, see you later.” Matt waved before portaling out.
Portaling reminded Matt of the Transporter in old Star Trek episodes, even though it looked nothing similar. The Transporter in Star Trek dematerialized people into what appeared to be small beads of light before they were beamed to a new location. The portal system in Zombie Wars Online dematerialized the person from the top down and ended in a flash of light at their feet before they completely disappeared. When a person rematerialized at wherever their destination was, the flash of light started at the feet, and they rematerialized from the ground up. The whole process only took a fraction of a second, but it was flashy enough so that anyone in the room or area would know that someone was portaling in. 
Matt portaled into the room that he had created. It was an expansive castle looking building with all sorts of crazy furniture and decorations. One side had a pond with waterfalls and an area with large shade trees that encircled some park benches. Butterflies fluttered around as red and gold leaves fell around them. Another area had a round bar with trapeze swings hanging above it where players could go to get drunk, dance on the tables, and generally act like fools. Then there was a third area that was decked out like a torture chamber with stockades and cages. It wasn't a well-thought-out room, but it had everything that adventurous chatters loved to play and interact with, and it had quickly become one of the most popular hangouts in the game.
Matt walked towards the giant red circular sofa where most of the room's inhabitants usually gathered.
“Hey Matty,” Liv greeted him happily, standing up to give him a long hug.
Ruby's face lit up as she saw Matt enter, and she waited patiently for her turn to hug him. At only four feet tall, she looked like a small child, with big teased blonde hair and huge blood red eyes, wiggling back and forth with excitement. “Oh oh oh. Me next. Me next!” she begged.
Matt looked at Ruby with apprehension as Liv slide out of his arms and went back to take her seat on the sofa. “You're not going to bite me, are you?” Is there really any point in asking, he thought, she's just going to lie and then bite me anyway.
“Of course not.” She couldn't even bother to pretend to look offended. The anticipation and excitement were too much to bear.
“You promise?” 
“I promise. Now, hug me, hug me, hug me.” Ruby practically jumped into his embrace, wrapping herself around him as tightly as she could.
Matt couldn't help but grin at the pressure against his chest as Ruby fought to dig her fangs through his jacket. It was a good lesson for them both.
“No fair!” Her excited energy transferred into anger as she pulled away, disgusted by the stupid jacket that kept her from enjoying the pleasure of sinking her teeth into Matt.
“Ha!” He pointed and laughed, and Ruby quickly swatted his hand away in preparation to throw a tantrum.
“Stupid jacket. That's not fair, Matt!” She threw her fists out to the sides and stomped the ground with her oversized black combat boots.
“You said you weren't going to bite me.” Matt tried to play serious for a moment, but the fact that Ruby had failed was too rich for him to be able to suppress a smile.
“I live to bite you.” She narrowed her eyes at him. “Now take that stupid jacket off and give me another hug.”
“I don't think so.” Matt laughed, and with that he went to hug Shelby before taking his seat next to Liv.
The rest of the people he didn't know, but they had already made themselves at home in his room, chatting among themselves, and he wasn't one to kick anyone out unless they were being either horribly annoying or disrespectful. Matt was a fairly laid-back guy, and his tolerance was far higher than most. He could count the number of people that he had kicked out of the room in the past six months on one hand.
“It's nice to see you with a shirt on for once,” Shelby said as she pushed her thick rimmed glasses up onto the bridge of her small nose. She was sporting her normal sexy librarian look, though Matt would never tell her that he thought she was sexy, considering that she seemed to loathe him on most days.
“Oh, thanks for reminding me.” He smirked. In a flash of barely visible sequences, items of clothing switched from his body until he was dressed down into nothing but a pair of black skinny jeans. Matt smiled over at Shelby, knowing that she would disapprove. “Thanks, Shelbycakes.”
“Oh lord.” She sighed.
Matt rested his head on Liv's lap, and she ran her fingers through his fine brown hair while he pawed at the silver heart necklace that he had given her a few months back. “How was your day?” he asked in a soft and loving tone.
“It was good,” she replied, quiet and timid as usual. “What about yours?”
“Boring. I just cleaned my apartment. Nothing exciting. What about your day?” Matt turned his attention to Shelby, knowing that she would start pouting if he ignored her for too long.
“I went shopping today and bought the cutest Coach purse. Then we went out to eat, but I just ordered a salad. And now I'm here.” Shelby's voice was chipper as normal, despite her continued annoyance with him.
“And you?” Matt addressed Ruby, who was swinging on the love swing several yards away from where they were sitting.
“Meh, I just hung out with my boyfriend,” she answered plainly.
“Exciting days all around,” Matt replied sarcastically.
“Where's Deidre?” Shelby asked, though it sounded more like a complaint about him not being present than a question.
“He's in his role-play room,” Ruby said, staring toward the ceiling with apparent boredom. Now that the excitement of attacking Matt was gone, she was ready to move onto something else to be overly zealous about. “I think I'm going to head that way.”
“Alright,” Matt replied awkwardly, and within the next second, the love swing sat empty.
“She's so weird,” Shelby commented.
“That's just the way she is,” Liv said and then added, “I've always thought she was strange too.”
“She's a sweet kid though,” Matt said thoughtfully.
“Says the guy she always bites.” Shelby smirked and then crossed her legs.
“You'd figure she'd get tired of it.” Liv stared down on Matt's face as if she never wanted to look away. She loved touching and being with him. 
“I think she gets off to the fact that it makes me waste med shots.” Matt rolled his eyes and then resituated himself so that his head was nuzzled against Liv's chest, and he could reach her necklace to chew on it.
“Oh Lord, here we go.” Shelby rolled her eyes dramatically. “It's third wheel time for me.”
“We're not purposely trying to exclude you.” Matt let the necklace fall out of his mouth and then fought back a glare. Shelby did this on an almost daily basis. Pretty much any time that her and Liv and Matt were in the room together absent any of their other friends. It was like being with them was torture, but yet she couldn't stand to leave.
An announcement boomed over the invisible intercom, “Players have been experiencing difficulty logging out of Zombie Wars Online. We are currently working on the problem and should have a solution shortly.”
“That's not an issue for me,” Liv muttered, and then as if on cue, her character flashed translucent for a second before resolidifying.
“Nope. Your internet connection is crap.” Matt smirked up at her and pawed at the necklace again. 
“That's what happens when you live out in the sticks.”
There was a flash of light as a player portaled into the room. It was Alec, another friend, which meant that another round of hugs was called for.
“Dude, it took me forever to get in this room,” he said while he gave Liv a quick hug and then moved on to Shelby.
“Yeah, it's hopping tonight,” Matt replied. “Ruby portaled out a few minutes ago.”
“Have you tried to log out?” his voice sounded concerned as he gave Matt a lingering hug.
“No, why?”
“Those disconnection problems that announcement was talking about,” Alec hesitated for a moment, “I can't log out of the game.”
“Like seriously?” Shelby asked quizzically, taking her seat back on the sofa.
“Like for real.”
“Ew, I think I'll try. I'm bored anyway.”
“Don't go,” Liv whined, her pale face looking sincere.
“I just want to see if I can log off.” Shelby smiled at Liv. “I'll be back in a little while.”
Liv sighed and then looked up at Matt, waiting for him to join her back on the sofa. She stretched out her hand to him, and he took it, settling beside her. Alec remained standing, feeling almost as uncomfortable around the two love birds as Shelby did, especially since Matt was practically his at one point.
“'l'll be back in a little while guys,” Shelby said, and then a second later a disturbed look crossed her face. “Holy smokes Batman, I seriously can't log out of the game.”
“Dude, that's kind of scary,” Matt admitted, though he had no thoughts of making his own attempt to escape the game.
“How does that even happen?” Alec asked, putting all of his weight onto one foot as he stood in a very feminine position with his hands on his hips. 
“I have no idea.”
“It makes me not want to ever log in again. The thought of being stuck in a game is bad. It like, makes me think of brain damage. We should just be able to pull the Felote off our heads and be done with it,” Shelby said.
The rest of the room was becoming equally uneasy as news of the log out problem spread and people began trying it for themselves. Nothing like this had ever happened before.
“It doesn't work that way,” Matt replied, all joking now completely gone from his voice.
“How does it work then?” Liv asked, and her body flickered translucent again, a good sign that she was the closest to being immune to the problem.
A flash of light announced Brandon as he portaled in. “Have you guys tried logging out?” 
“I did,” Shelby replied quickly. “Can't do it.”
“Me too.” Alec turned to face Brandon.
“They'll probably have it fixed soon.” Brandon was ever optimistic. “ I just came to see if you guys had tried it yet. Well, I'm off then. Check you guys later.” They barely had a chance to say goodbye before Brandon disappeared.
“Everyone's in such a hurry today,” Shelby noted with a dash of disappointment.
“Well, he's got the right idea,” Matt replied. “Sitting here and talking about it isn't going to make the problem go away any faster. I know it's kind of scary, but it's better not to think about it.”
“How can you not think about it?” Alec cut him off. “We're pretty much caught in a coma right now.”
“Dude, if the Felote was that dangerous, then it wouldn't be on the market right now.” Matt looked up at him with a bit of annoyance. All that Alec was going to do was drive everyone into a panic if he kept talking like that.
“I guess you're right,” Shelby said, trying to make herself believe it so that she wouldn't be so afraid.
“Let's go kill some zombies and waste some time. That'll make this go by faster,” Matt suggested.
“Are you flippin' kidding me? That's the last thing I want to do right now.” Shelby's eyes widened is disbelief at the suggestion.
“Pfft, you never want to kill zombies.” Matt huffed at her. “Have you even killed one yet?”
“No, and I don't intend to,” she replied sharply. “I come here to socialize, not to get near those . . . nasty things.” Shelby shook her head in disgust.
That was the beauty of the game. You never had to leave the safe zones if you didn't want to. Chatting and socializing was free of charge. In fact, the game designers were more than generous in the implementation of their payment system. Actual players of Zombie Wars Online didn't have to start paying for their game membership until they reached level ten. The game earned revenue from people who only came to socialize by charging for outfits and accessories, of which the game had millions and were coming up with new stuff all the time. 
Zombie Wars Online was easily the most popular massively multiplayer online role-playing game of all time. It had all the elements of a real-life simulation game plus the excitement of a horror game on the back end, so it appealed to both hardcore gamers and those who just liked to sit back and socialize. Once they became the pioneering game for massive multiplayer Felote technology, the history books were written, and Zombie Wars Online took the world by storm, quickly garnering the largest user base of any online game in history, with over ten million people playing worldwide at any given time.
“Do you want to go play?” Matt asked Liv. 
“Where do you want to go?” She was uneasy about the idea, but she wanted to make Matt happy, and Alec and Shelby were only making her more frightened of the situation that affected her least of all. Liv was lucky to even be in the game most of the time. Her internet connection was so poor that she typically got disconnected at least three times a night.
“I don't care. Do you want to do a mission, or a quest, or just level grind?”
“I don't care either. You pick.”
“You never have an opinion.” Matt chortled and then leaned over to nuzzle Liv on the cheek. Her long silky black hair felt good against his face.
“I'm happy doing whatever as long as I'm with you. I know you'll keep me safe.”
“Don't count on it,” Alec let out a short laugh. “I'm always rescuing that fool.”
“Shusher you.” Matt wrinkled his nose playfully at Alec. 
“Just saying.” He looked up to the sky innocently.
Matt thought for a moment. “Let's do the campground mission. We can get you some more med supplies and pick up some canned goods along the way too.”
“Alright,” Liv replied apprehensively. 
She had only died once in the game, and it had been at the campground. Liv still had nightmares about it, the way the zombies tore at her, their ugly decomposing faces, and the horrible angry gurgling sounds that they made. She refused to play with Matt for almost an entire month after that had happened. For the longest time, Liv wouldn't even let him lead her outside of the noob areas, where she was fairly confident about her ability to defend herself. Being a Medic, Liv was one of the weaker players in the game, so she almost had to rely completely on Matt to protect her. Had Liv known that she would actually be venturing out into the game, she might have chosen another class. Perhaps a Ninja, like Shelby, or a Half-Vampire, like Ruby. Prior to meeting Matt, Liv had no intentions of playing the game. She had only created her account to socialize, and she figured that the Medic class was just as good as any other. 
“You coming?” Matt asked Alec, shaking Liv out of her thoughts.
“Nah, I'm going to go see who else I can hang out with,” Alec replied before flipping his long red and black bangs away from his eyes.
“And what are you going to do?” Matt looked at Shelby.
“I guess I'll go find Nolan.” She shrugged, not sounding particularly happy about being forced to go hang out with her boyfriend. “He just logged on,” she added with acknowledgment that none of them had him on their friends list. 
“Alright. Well, we'll see you guys later then.”
“Yeah, see you.” Shelby waved as she watched her friends change into their zombie killing outfits and then portal out of the room.


Chapter 4


As Matt and Liv flew in the military chopper towards their destination, Liv reflected on the night that she had died. Her stomach turned at the thought that they were returning to the same place, with the same zombies—a place that she swore she would never go again. If it weren't for her desire to please Matt, she would have firmly said no to the suggestion that they return to the campground. 
Just the thought of it gave Liv post-traumatic stress disorder. Was it even possible to get that condition from playing a video game? According to the American Psychological Association, it now was, or at least that's what Roland had told them one time when they were all hanging out together. He was a well-informed guy, so Liv chose to believe that what he said was true. Besides, she was fairly certain that she had a taste of it first hand. Between seeing Matt die in front of her and watching herself get ripped apart, Liv spent the following week in a state of paranoid panic even when she wasn't playing the game. Every little noise around her home made her instantly think of the zombies, blood thirsty and powerful—just waiting for her to make the wrong move so that they could take her life for real. It was a horrifically sickening feeling—one that she wasn't sure she'd ever be able to get over completely.
It had been Matt's first time in the campground, and when he finally realized it was more than he could handle, they were too far in to turn back. Liv had begged him to portal out, but he had assured her that it would be worth the effort. 
They skirted through the rows of RVs, popping into the ones with open doors and quickly scouring around for canned goods like a pair of scavenging raccoons. They avoided the zombies at all costs—until there were too many of them, that is.
Matt had thought they could dart into one of the RVs, lock the door, and that the zombies would quickly get confused and wander off, leaving them an opening to escape. At that point, Liv was already terrified, but she didn't want to show Matt that she was afraid, so she went along with his plan. It may have even worked, if Matt hadn't picked the wrong RV to hide in.
Liv followed Matt into a small RV and quickly closed the door behind herself. The groans of the hungry zombies were louder than she expected—closer. Matt gave her the job of locking the door, but the strange metal handle confused her. Liv looked desperately to Matt to come take over and secure their safety, but then she realized that he was distracted by something else. 
The silhouette was barely visible in the dim light, but there it was, a zombie, tall and thin and motionless in the back bedroom. It hadn't rounded the corner yet—hadn't seen them, and Matt was sneaking towards it, stalking it soundlessly like a cat stalks prey. Liv would have been impressed if she wasn't so busy panicking over the strange red knob that stuck out of the door. Inside she was crying out Matt's name, begging him to come back, but she dare not make a move, lest it startle the zombie. 
Matt was almost upon the zombie in the bedroom when the door was wrenched from Liv's hands, pulling her into the crowd below. As she felt herself fall helplessly into the waiting arms of the three zombies at the foot of the door, she knew that her odds of surviving were slim to none. 
It felt like time slowed down as Liv made her descent. Grey gnarled arms reached for her, pulling her with a force harder than gravity into hungry hands, maneuvering her like a rag doll as they wrapped around her in a death grip so that they could sink their teeth into her soft flesh. Liv screamed and screamed and screamed some more as she saw the teeth tearing at her neck, crushing through skin and sinewy muscle with little effort.
And then Matt was standing in front of her with a fearful look on his face, though Liv wasn't sure if it was because he was afraid of dying or because he knew that now that things had gone wrong, Liv wouldn't want to play the game anymore. Either way, he disregarded his own safety and shot an arrow directly between the eyes of the zombie that had taken a chunk from her neck. The zombie coughed a thick chunk of blood and saliva drenched skin back up on Liv's shoulder before producing a final groan and then falling backwards to its death.
Unfortunately, that was the only shot Matt got in before the zombie inside the RV was on him. There was no time to reload the small pistol crossbow that he was carrying, so Matt dropped it in exchange for a hunting knife, which he plunged deeply into his attacker's gut. The zombie, who looked a lot like the Crypt Keeper, had already managed to get a bite out of Matt's chest. And just when Liv thought that there still might be the slightest glimmer of hope that Matt would make it out alive, and she would be rescued, she saw a second zombie swoop around Matt's side and haphazardly attack. While the move was accidental on the zombie's part, the attack was forceful enough to make Matt lose his balance, and he tumbled forward on top of the zombie that he had stabbed. It was all the opening that the other zombie needed to make a Matt sandwich. Liv watched Matt's feet kick and struggle in the dim light of the RV, and then they slowly stopped, and she knew that he was dead—and that she was too.
Liv sobbed and panted as she listened to the gurgling noises that the zombies made as they ripped her and Matt apart, gluttonously devouring the fresh meal. She didn't even wait to finish portaling out. As soon as the gruesome scene was over and Zombie Wars Online released Liv from the burden of watching her death, she tore the Felote off her head and collapsed onto her bed in a heap of sobs. Liv couldn't even bring herself to go back into the game to meet up with Matt. Everything that she had just seen, just experienced, tricked her brain into thinking that he had died. And for the moment, she couldn't forgive him for putting her through that. 
It didn't make sense to her that she would be willing to take the chance of having to experience it a second time, but Matt assured her that things would be different now. Their armor and weapons were better. And Liv knew how to defend herself. 
When she finally agreed to start playing with Matt again, he made sure to backtrack and take all the baby steps that she would need in order to actually be useful in the game. He bought her a handgun and taught her how to shoot it. He even took her into the noob area and stood by while she killed a few zombies on her own. It did help to alleviate some of the fear that Liv felt for them, but those zombies had been different than the ones they were about to face.
The zombies in the noob area were sluggish at best, limping around at a pace so slow that you could out walk them. Running from them never even had to be an option. Not to mention the fact that they were clumsy and weak as hell. Even in hand to hand combat, a girl as small as Liv had a fighting chance. The zombies' bodies were so decomposed she could smash their faces in with her fist if she had to, not that she would ever resort to that. The thought made her want to vomit, the way the puss and gooey blood and brains would feel against her skin. Matt, on the other hand, seemed to take pleasure in it. He'd walk right up to one of the stragglers and punch it square in the face, pulling out, what they both assumed to be, a handful of rotting brain. He said it felt squishy. Liv didn't care to find out if he was right. 
One of the few things that actually made her even want to play the game was Matt's enthusiasm when it came to zombie killing. Since that fateful night that they had died in the RV, he had really stepped up his technique. Not only did Matt upgrade his weapon to a compound bow, but he also practiced killing with his hunting knife religiously. Most Archers preferred to hunt with their bows, but Liv was convinced that Matt was obsessed with the idea of putting himself closer to danger. 
Liv took a deep breath as the chopper approached the campground. The Air Force Captain who had been flying with them shouted out information about a doctor who was trapped in one of the RVs. Their mission was to rescue him. 
Liv listened intently to the instructions that were being given, but Matt didn't seem to be paying attention. He simply stared forward, as if the Captain wasn't talking at all. Liv could only assume that this was because he had heard it before—done this mission before. It wasn't like the Captain, who was a non player character, was going to yell at him for not listening anyway.
Matt thought that one of the places that Zombie Wars Online lacked in was the design of their non player characters. He hadn't played a massively multiplayer online role-playing game yet where the game designers had gotten it right. The Felote was supposed to make everything in the game seem real, but the game designers had gone a bit overboard trying to make the non player characters believable, and the technology really wasn't up to par with the Felote. Most of the non player characters were over animated, talking louder than necessary and using over-zealous body language to express their points. Besides, they could only respond intelligently to mission-related questions, and if they were in the middle of a big spiel, like the Air Force Captain was, they wouldn't stop talking if you tried to interrupt them. Heck, you could even walk away from them, and they'd still keep on as if you were standing there. Once you got a few yards apart from them though, they would abruptly stop talking and return to their original positions. Matt was glad that non player characters like this one only appeared in missions and inside safe zones, otherwise it would have taken a lot of the realism out of the game. The game designers obviously put a lot more thought into making the zombies real than they had the non player characters, and that's all that mattered to Matt. 
The Air Force Captain finished his speech as the chopper landed in the middle of a basketball court at the edge of the campground. There was a river directly behind them that served as a boundary of sorts to get them moving in the right direction. On the other side of the river, zombies groaned and paced back and forth near the water, grasping towards the other side as if it would bring their victims closer. They couldn't cross through the water though, which kept Matt and Liv safe from getting ambushed from behind.
Unfortunately, the loud incoming of the chopper worked well as a zombie dinner bell for the ones that were inside the campground, and Matt and Liv could already see the twitchy stiff necks of zombies further out in the campground turning to look at them, followed by their decrepit bodies, which quickly began to shuffle in their direction. 
Matt took a headcount as he leaned out of the chopper door. There were twelve zombies that were now heading directly towards them, hobbling at a hurried pace as if they knew whoever was last wasn't going to get much.
“Let's roll,” Matt said to Liv, and her heart sank as she realized that it was too late to back out.


Chapter 5


Matt hit the ground at a steady pace, shooting the approaching zombies as if it was an everyday occurrence to be attacked by so many of them at one time. His heart was racing, but he knew that panicking was the worst thing that he could do. 
“Only shoot if I tell you to,” Matt called to Liv, who was still hanging back by the chopper. They had discussed it beforehand, but he wanted to make sure she remembered, lest her gunfire call on more zombies than he could handle.
Stupidly, the zombies walked right into Matt's waiting arrows as he shot them in order from closest to farthest. Liv knew that Matt wasn't as confident as he let on, or else he would have been using his hunting knife instead of the compound bow. It was a good indication that these zombies were still strong enough to be a challenge for him.
After Matt had taken down the last of the zombies, Liv quickly moved in by his side. She wanted to make a remark about how well his initial assault had gone, but she was scared to speak, lest the sound of her voice drew more zombies to them. 
“Stay close,” he whispered as he headed into the campground with Liv on his heals. 
Matt shot the zombies as they came into view, killing them so quickly that even Liv started to relax a bit. He hadn't allowed a zombie to come within fifteen yards of them since they left the chopper. It was a lot more comforting than the first time that they had been to the campground, when they spent the vast majority of the time sneaking and running for their lives. Now they were out in the open, absent care of being seen. Whatever came out of the woodwork, Matt seemed sure that he could handle it, and that helped to put Liv's mind at rest. 
As the zombies dropped, Matt would go to them and forage through their pockets. This was the only thing that still made Liv nervous. He was looking for money and any valuables that they could trade in at the safe zones. Although the zombies had never been real people, it made Liv's stomach turn to watch Matt pry rings off of dead fingers and pull necklaces off of fragile necks, as if he was stealing from the people that they used to belong to. It somehow didn't feel right. He'd toss the items to Liv and make her put them in her backpack. Liv's job was to carry the loot. Matt's job was to carry the food that they found. 
“You ready to start raiding the RVs?” Matt asked, an amused grin sneaking into his words. He knew well the memory of their deaths was still fresh in her mind.
“I guess,” Liv muttered sheepishly. There was no point in saying no. Matt was going to do it with or without her, and she certainly didn't want to get left behind. While he could probably survive on his own out here, she definitely couldn't.
Same as last time, Matt targeted RVs that already had opened doors. The compound bow was too clunky to use inside the small cramped spaces, so he switched to his hunting knife during looting, a change that admittedly made Liv feel uneasy.
“I have to pee,” Liv whispered while Matt raided a pantry. She had been holding it as long as she could, but knew that it would be impossible to make it through the entire mission without relieving herself. The campground around them seemed free of zombies, so now was as good of a time as any.
“Alright,” Matt whispered back, stuffing a can of creamed corn in his backpack before zipping it up. “I'll go on watch.”
Liv squeezed past Matt so dangerously close that it made his mind steer towards impure thoughts. He briefly wondered if she had felt the same thing, but then quickly disregarded the thought. If Liv was feeling anything right now, Matt was sure it was fear. There was no time to be distracted by sex when they were in such a dangerous area.
Matt slung his backpack onto his shoulders before peaking his head out of the RV to keep watch. There was a single female zombie ambling their way, though she hadn't spotted him yet, which meant that there was no urgent need to take her out. Matt decided to watch her for a while as she took unsteady steps in no general direction, looking for any sign of life—any sign of food. 
Zombies really weren't that different from humans, Matt thought. After all, they both needed to eat. In times of food shortage, he imagined that it was only natural for life to become an endless search for food. And when there was one human to every several hundred zombies, that definitely counted as a food shortage. 
“Attention players. Please portal into the church at your earliest convenience. We are trying to create an area-wide server crash to release players from the game,” came the Admin announcement, booming over an invisible intercom. 
Matt was ever grateful that the zombies couldn't hear it, or else he would imagine that it would have ruined many a player's game. Hell, even though the zombies couldn't hear it, Matt was certain that it did ruin someone's game, out in the expanse of millions of players. The noise was so loud and startling. Surely, it had to have thrown someone off guard and caused their unfortunate death.
Matt refocused his attention on the female zombie. Her head twitched ever so slightly, and for a moment, he thought she might have caught a hint of the announcement. Not possible, he reminded himself. Then her head turned, and she laid eyes on him, those two milky dead eyes, and her path was set to a new purpose, turning in Matt's direction, stretching her arms out in the desperate gimme pose that toddlers typically used when they wanted something, and she began to hobble quickly towards him, groaning with increased vigor at the prospect of a meal. 
Matt sheathed his hunting knife and then pulled his compound bow over his shoulder. By the time he drew the bow, Liv was at his side, trying to get a glimpse at what he was aiming for. The arrow soundlessly flew through the air, and the zombie stumbled back as it hit its mark.
“I guess they still haven't fixed the log out issue,” Liv whispered. “What are we going to do?” She looked up at Matt, whose crystalline blue eyes were still trained on the fallen zombie. She twitched on the floor, spasming out whatever life, or firing of neurons, was left inside of her.
“We're almost at the end of the mission. Let's finish it, and then we'll go to the church,” he replied, stepping out of the RV.
Liv could have cared less about finishing the mission. There was school the next day, and she knew that she had already stayed online longer than she was allowed, but she could understand Matt's desire to want to finish the mission. They had been at the campground for nearly an hour already. Surely, the doctor couldn't be that much farther in.
Matt took off down the middle of a row of RVs, and Liv nearly had to run to keep up. It wasn't until the sound of groans became more audible that she realized he knew exactly where he was going. Suddenly, Matt stopped, and he quickly threw a hand back to push Liv towards one of the RVs so that they could hide behind it. Apparently, he had caught a glimpse of something that she hadn't, and by the sound of it, it was a whole lot of zombies.
Matt peered around the corner to look at the horde of zombies that were encircling one of the larger RVs in the area. There were so many zombies around it that the thing was rocking back and forth as if it might tip at any moment. Matt knew that the ones he could see didn't make up the whole lot of them. There would be more on the other side, and how many more, he couldn't tell.
“How many?” Liv whispered in such a small voice that she wasn't even sure if the words had come out right.
“Fourteen on this side. Probably, about the same amount on the other side,” Matt replied in an equally hushed tone.
“What do we do?”
He thought for a moment. “I'll shoot the ones that are closest to us. You start shooting the ones that come around the side of the RV.” Matt honestly wasn't sure if it was a good plan, but it was the best that he could think of at the moment.
“What if I miss?” Liv whispered. She could feel her body tensing up in anxiety. Twenty eight zombies were a lot of zombies, and they were only a few yards away from them. If there was one thing that Liv wasn't good at, it was firing under pressure. She had killed dozens of slow moving stragglers before, but these zombies were faster.
“Don't miss,” was all that Matt could think of. “Are you ready?”
“No,” she answered honestly. “I'm scared.”
“Don't be. I'll protect you.” He smiled warmly at her, and then leaned over for a soft kiss on the lips. If Liv hadn't been so fear stricken, she would have enjoyed it, but in that moment, it felt more like a goodbye kiss than anything else. She barely had time to return Matt's affection before he pulled away. “Three, two, one,” he counted, and then rolled off of the side of the RV, shooting as fast as his hand could find the arrows.
Liv paused for a moment, gave herself a second long pep talk that it would all be alright, and then followed Matt into the face of their attackers. She could feel her heartbeat elevate as all attention was turned on them, and the zombies, wide-eyed and satisfied with this new offering, abandoned the RV to redirect their assault. 
Liv kept a few feet back from Matt and focused her attention on the zombies coming around the side of the RV. Thankfully, there didn't seem to be as many as expected, either that, or they were slow to realize that there was something better on the other side. 
Liv fired her Glock 26 with shaking hands. The first shot missed completely, veering off into the distance, and Liv cursed herself at the wasted bullet. There were only ten rounds in the magazine, and she knew that she had to make them count. Liv was far too unsteady to change the magazine once it ran out. This put a lot of pressure on Matt, but it was the best that she felt she could do. Luckily, he was handling the zombies like a pro. He had already killed five of them before Liv even tried for her second shot. Point and shoot, she told herself. It should have been that easy, but it really wasn't.
There was no guide on the game, even for noobs. You learned to shoot with practice. If you never became an accurate shot, you never got good at the game if you were a Medic, Archer, or Sniper. 
Liv was lucky enough to hit the second zombie that she shot at, a messy kill that exploded the zombie's eye through the back of its skull. The sight of it made Liv want to cringe and vomit, but there wasn't enough time for that.
“Back,” Matt yelled as the zombies began closing in on them. 
Liv wasn't sure if Matt was talking to her or the zombies until she saw him start walking backwards, and she knew instantly that she should do the same. Eleven down, he thought, and wanted to make an estimate on how many more there were to go, but the ones behind the RV just kept coming, and Liv wasn't doing much to thin out their numbers. Still, he wasn't too worried as long as they kept their distance.
Matt continued his slow retreat, shooting all the while until he saw the last zombie creep out from behind the side of the RV. It was a small child, no older than six, and the sight of Matt shooting her in the face without hesitation made Liv's stomach turn. Sometimes she thought the game was too realistic for comfort. These were the images that her nightmares were made of. 
“I think that's it,” Matt said as he watched the child crumple to the floor on top of another zombie that was twitching out its last bit of life. Liv had shot that one, she noted with a small hint of pride. Ten rounds fired, four zombies shot, three killed. That was her tally for the grand finale. Three out of what ended up being twenty-seven zombies. Liv couldn't help but wonder if Matt was disappointed in her. 
Matt did a quick check behind the RV to make sure there were no more stragglers before he went to start raiding the bodies of the downed zombies. Liv sighed in relief that it was over and simply stood there and watched. She wasn't concerned that Matt wouldn't share the loot. She could have cared less about it. Liv's prize was that it was finally over, and they could return to Matt's room and cozy up together, where she wouldn't have to worry about this scary stuff anymore.
“Attention players. Please disperse to the rooms or your apartments. Do not come to the church. I repeat, please disperse to the rooms or your apartments. Do not come to the church,” an announcement sounded over the intercom.
“That's weird.” Matt perked up, looking towards the sky as if he could determine the source of the sound.
“Yeah. I wonder what's going on.” Liv followed his gaze, but it landed on nothing but clouds in the distance.
“Meh, let's finish this up and go to my room.” He shrugged it off and went back to checking pockets. After Matt was done rummaging for valuables, Liv and Matt stood before the door to the RV and knocked. “We're here to rescue you,” he called to the man inside, and within less than a second a jolly looking fellow in doctor's garb opened the door with a relieved look on his face.
“Oh thank heavens,” he said in an overly animated way. “I thought I'd never be rescued.” The man continued to chat their ears off about how he had gotten stuck in the RV. Matt had heard it before, the first time he had completed this mission. He ignored the man, giving Liv space to view the spectacle with the normal amusement that she usually had towards the more vocal non player characters. She always seemed so fascinated watching them.
Once the long-winded speech was over, the man offered Liv a medical kit. She opened it with a look of delight at the mess of gauze bandages and syringes. It was a good prize for the mission, enough to save her several hundreds of coins. Not to mention the fact that her and Matt would be splitting the money and valuables that they had looted, which would only add to her bank account.
“You ready to portal?” Matt asked Liv as the doctor finally ran off into the distance, absent care if there were any other zombies out there. If it had been a real scenario, Matt doubted that he would make it very far. But the game remained irrational at times, since in the end, it was still just a game. 
“Yeah.”
“Let's portal to the convention center, unload all of this stuff, and then portal to my room from there,” Matt suggested.
“Alright,” she agreed, and then they both disappeared in a flash of light.

If you liked this story, you should read Zombie Wars Online: The Novel


SUNSET HIGH: MUSICAL CHAIRS


Chapter 1: Choosing a Victim


How could I have known that everything would go so wrong? If I had some wondrous gift of foresight, would I have even agreed to come to this town? I would like to have thought not. 
The year started just like any other. A new night school, a new set of potential victims, the same boring subjects that I had been over so many times that I could teach the classes better than the teachers themselves. 
I sat in the back of my last class of the night and went over my list of potential candidates, only two students. That was laughable, considering the size of the school that I was in. 
I tapped my pencil briefly against the desktop and sighed in exasperation as I watched the last group of students steadily pour in through the gloomy classroom door. 
At this point, I was drawn between an energetic annoying girl in my English class that appeared to be on the pep squad or dance team or flag team or something of the sort and a skinny gothic boy in the same class. 
I would probably end up going with the girl. I liked girls better because their blood typically tasted sweeter. Yes, she would do, unless something better stepped into the room, which at this point was highly unlikely.
The class filled up slowly, and I stared blankly at the door, scanning over each student who stepped into the room. 
I examined many things when choosing a victim: their body type, the amount of acne they had, their facial expressions and eye movements, the condition of their clothing, and the way that they dressed. All of these things told a great deal about how someone would taste. 
If I could have judged on looks alone though, then I wouldn’t have even bothered to get to know my victims. No, I had made too many mistakes in the past that had led to a bad taste in my mouth and the waste of my yearly kill. This was all part of learning how to be a vampire, testing and figuring out how to read people until the art was perfected. 
I was far from the vampire that my master was. He could spot someone walking across the street and know almost immediately whether or not they would taste good to him. It helped that he could read their minds. Perhaps if I had the same gift, then finding a worthy victim wouldn’t be such a pain for me either. But alas, I got the short end of the stick in my vampirism; at least, I felt that way.
My goal on day one of class was to blend into the background as much as possible, to be almost completely unnoticeable so that I could observe without gaining any interest of the other students as my eyes worked meticulously to detect one of good taste. 
For the occasion, I dressed neutral, leaving nothing to distinguish me from any other plain Jane girl in the room. Once I picked a target, I would adapt to whatever fashion and personality that would get me closest to them.
It would be a long year, and I liked to get to know my victims completely before I took their lives. That made the draining of them all the more satisfying. Betrayal was a very tasty emotion; betrayal and fear coupled together were one of my favorite dishes. 
Within a few more moments, the halls of the school were empty and the class had begun. As expected, no one of note had stepped in. The only potential victim of even the slightest interest to me in this class was an athletic looking boy who sat a few rows in front and to the left of me. I had watched him socialize with some of the other students before the class had begun. 
And then it was decided that I would kill the girl from English class. Of course, I would have preferred to eat all three of them, but it wasn’t allowed. In fact, my master strictly forbade it. 
One kill per school year, that was his rule as far as high school students were concerned. A death in a high school typically stirred up quite a ruckus and sometimes even media attention. That is why I had to choose my victim so carefully, because there would only be one.
That’s not to say that I only ate one person per year. On the contrary, I took a life daily, the same as my master. But high school students were my yearly treat—my true hunt. 
I settled down in my desk and envisioned how I would disguise myself to get closer to the female victim whom I had chosen. I had nearly drowned the entire room out with thought when it was interrupted by the creaking of the classroom door. The teacher stopped speaking briefly, and all attention was drawn to it as if the whole world had taken a break to listen.
A boy stepped through the door. He was tall and thin with skin almost as pale as mine and hair every bit as dark. His eyes were a solemn shade of blue, and he kept them down on the floor, perhaps expecting that everyone would be looking at him. “Sorry,” he muttered and then quickly took an empty seat on the opposite side of the room.
I glanced at him for but a second as he moved across the room, but it was long enough to freeze every detail of him in my mind. He wore a black and gray stripped hoodie with black skinny jeans and a pair of Converse high tops. His hair was a little shorter than shoulder length and framed his face in a subtle black tapered fringe that swooped across his stunningly pale eyes. There was a small silver stud on each side of his bottom lip, and he carried a black backpack covered in band buttons. 
He was gorgeous, attractive, pretty, beautiful. I felt instantly drawn to him, but not for these reasons. He reminded me of my last victim, and that is what drew me to him the most. She had tasted like nothing I could have ever imagined, like a designer dish created for my taste buds alone. My mouth salivated at the thought.
There were a few things I now knew for certain. This boy was probably a complete slut that would taste like garbage, and he would definitely not be my victim. But I could almost guarantee that he would lead me to a victim who would likely taste similar to the girl whom I had killed at my previous school. And for that reason, it was imperative that I got close to him. 


Chapter 2: A Distraction


The next night, I brought my A game to class. My hair was cut into a drastically tapered style which I accessorized with a few pink hair bows that I took from the corpse of my last victim. A skin-tight tank top hugged my small frame, matched with a pair of skinny jeans and ballerina flats. 
The raven-haired boy, whose name I had discovered was Aiden, thanks to a game of introductions that the teacher had us play the night before, should be easy enough to seduce just by showing a bit of skin and interest, I deduced. 
I made sure to get to class early and take a seat beside the desk he had been sitting in the night before. There had been another boy sitting there, but I could have cared less how he felt about me stealing his seat. 
I waited for Aiden to stroll into class late, but to my surprise, he was early. He glanced at me for a second before lowering his eyes to the floor and taking his seat. Promptly, Aiden extracted a black notebook from his backpack and started writing, oblivious to the rest of the world around him. 
“Hi.” I tried to introduce myself before he got too involved in whatever it was that it was so important for him to start writing the very second that he sat down. 
Aiden completely ignored me. 
I sat there, stunned. I knew he had heard me. There was no way that he couldn’t have. Was Aiden just that much of a dick that he couldn’t even be nice enough to greet me back?
I was going to try again when I heard the desk on the opposite side of me scratch across the cold tile in my direction. I turned to see the athletic boy that I had been considering targeting the day before smiling at me from the desk next to mine, which he had just pulled half a foot closer before deliberately plopping down into it. I couldn't remember if his name was Mike or Mark. In all honesty, I couldn't have cared less, now that I wasn't targeting him.
“I didn’t see you here yesterday.” He flashed a toothy white grin at me. 
With high cheek bones and perfectly tanned skin, his face was designed to seduce. If I had been any other girl, it probably would have worked on me like a charm. But I was looking for a meal, not a boyfriend or a quick lay. In my eyes, he was yesterday’s news, not my target. 
I gave him an annoyed glare and quickly debated on my next course of action. Every move that I made needed to be carefully contrived as so not to jeopardize my chances of getting closer to Aiden. Planning movies would have been much easier if I could have read Aiden's reactions though. Disinterested didn't give me much to work with. It was as if I had already done something wrong, and I couldn't figure out what it was. Would being nice to this jock make Aiden more interested in my friendship since it would look like I got along with a variety of people or would it put him off because I was associating with a social enemy?
“I was here.” I decided to reject the athletic boy. The less acquaintances I made in the same class, the more time I could devote to Aiden should he accept my friendship.
“You were?” he asked. “Where were you sitting?” He scooted his desk yet an inch closer and leaned forward in interest.
“In the back,” I replied between clinched teeth.
“Nah. I wouldn’t have missed a hottie like you.” 
“Well I was there.” I smiled sarcastically back.
That conversation was long enough to drain the rest of my free time away before the roll call began. I sighed and rested my head in my hands in an exaggerated pouting manner. Day two had not gone as well as planned. Mr. Uninterested was completely engulfed in his mysterious little black notebook and the athletic guy, whose name ended up being Mark, was a complete pest. His mocha eyes stayed glued on me throughout the entire class, as if looking away might break some kind of love spell that he was secretly casting. 
As soon as the bell rang, I was the first one up and walking towards the door. Mark tried to wave me down, but I wasn’t in the mood. Better luck tomorrow, I thought.


Chapter 3: Embarrassed


I was met with a surprise, the next night when I stepped into class. Mark was already there—and sitting in my desk. I could feel my eyes burning into the back of his letterman jacket as I walked up to him. My only other options for a seat, considering that Aiden was sitting at the far left of the row, was to sit behind him, in front of him, or diagonal of him. I wanted my seat back, and I wanted it now.
“Move,” I said without reservation, as soon as I stepped up to Mark, who was gleaming at my angered expression in amusement.
“Why? Is he your boyfriend?” he asked. “It didn’t seem like it to me.”
“I was sitting there yesterday,” I said. There was no point in being cordial without my temporary target nearby.
“And you were sitting in the back the day before, right?” he asked and then abruptly stood up and offered to shake my hand. “I’m Mark. What’s your name?”
“Annabel,” I replied, shaking his hand gingerly in hopes that if I was nice he’d give me my seat back.
“Wow, your hand is really cold.” Mark looked shocked, quickly pulling his hand away.
I wanted to tell him it was because I was dead, and if he didn’t get out of my seat then he would be too, but that would be a bit dramatic. Instead, I just smiled and said, “Yeah, I‘m anemic.”
I had used that line a million times before to explain away the cold touch of my skin. There was an excuse for everything related to my vampirism. I was anemic, allergic to the sun, and on a very strict diet.
“I could warm you up,” Mark said with obvious implication in his tone. 
“Not in your wildest dreams,” I replied, panic overtaking me as I saw Aiden rounding the corner.
“That’s a bit harsh, don’t you think? You don’t even know me.”
My anger swelled to the point that I wanted to throw Mark across the room. I could envision curling my fingers in his short sandy blonde hair, forcing his head back to expose his vulnerable throat, and ripping out his jugular. My frustration at my inability to reclaim my desk was almost overwhelming.
I watched helplessly as Aiden took his seat, and then in an attempt not to seem petty or obvious, I admitted defeat and slid into the desk behind him.
“Hey dude, is that your girlfriend?” Mark asked him.
The question made my heart freeze in my chest. What a complete asshole, I thought.
Aiden finished pulling his notebook out of his backpack before looking at Mark and absently asking, “What?”
“I said, is that your girlfriend?” Mark gestured towards me.
“No,” he replied, not even glancing up from his notebook to acknowledge me as he flipped it open and began writing. The question didn't seem to phase him at all. There was no thought behind his answer, no consideration for the fact that I was being bullied. It was as if I didn't even exist.
Negative emotions attacked me from all sides, and I stewed in them throughout class. Aiden's lack of interest in me was perplexing. It seemed as if he were going out of his way to ignore me. I couldn't understand it. Did he have some kind of superiority complex that made him think he was too good to talk to me, or was he afraid of being bullied by Mark?
And Mark was a completely different story. It seemed as if God has sent him purposely to sabotage my efforts of getting close to Aiden. One thing was obvious; Mark was used to getting his way, and he would do whatever it took to make sure that he did. 


Chapter 4: Keep it Moving


The following night, I made it a point to be at my last class way before it had let out. I even skipped the previous class to ensure that I would get to sit in the desk next to Aiden. As soon as the bell rang, I pushed past the kids who were busy trying to get out, and I claimed my seat without hesitation. 
Mark was there early as well, but I had beaten him and that was all that mattered. To my dismay, he took the desk that Aiden had been sitting in for the previous few days. 
“You can’t sit there,” I told him heatedly.
“Why not?” He smiled slyly. “Or rather, who is going to stop me?”
“Don’t be a dick. It’s not attractive.”
“Maybe I wouldn’t be a dick if you weren’t a bitch.” Mark's tone took a sudden change. I could see in his eyes that he was actually getting upset. It was quickly becoming obvious that he wasn't accustomed to being rejected by anyone.
Before we could argue any further, I saw Aiden round the corner. He looked at both of us, and to my surprise, he walked straight up to Mark. “Hey man, this is my seat,” he said with a steady and confident voice.
“Sorry dude, there’s no assigned seating in this class. You’re going to have to find somewhere else to sit,” Mark replied arrogantly, gesturing to all the other empty seats in the room.
Aiden glowered at Mark for a second, his eerie blue eyes piercing through him. Mark was unaffected and gestured again in annoyance that Aiden should move on. Aiden glanced at me for a moment, looking at me with equal distaste, and I quickly decided to try to salvage the dismal situation.
“Mark, move! He’s been sitting there since the beginning of the week!” I exclaimed, but it seemed to have come a moment too late.
“Whatever,” Aiden said in disgust and then turned to take a seat at the back of the class, the one that I had originally sat in on the first day. He slid into the desk with obvious disgust in every movement as he pulled his notebook from his backpack with jerking deliberate gestures. 
I could feel my blood pressure rising. Mark was really ticking me off. 
“So, sweet stuff, now that emo douche is out of the picture, how about you tell me a little about yourself?” Mark returned to his haughty stance, looking me up and down as if he had just won a prize. 
“You’re a jerk,” I told him as I pulled out my textbook to ignore him while the class started. 
“You should stick around after class so that we can get to know each other better.” Mark smirked at me as he whispered.
“I would rather kill you,” I growled, keeping my nose in my book, although I was watching his every move in my peripheral vision.
I heard Mark snigger under his breath, and I couldn’t help but wonder if he would still be laughing if he knew that it wasn’t a joke.


Chapter 5: Ignored


I showed up to class early again the following night, though I wasn’t sure why. I couldn’t keep following Aiden around the room like a stalker. That would make me look too desperate and would definitely drive him further away, if that was even possible at this point. Besides, I had come to the conclusion that he did, in fact, have a superiority complex. That must be why he chose to ignore me. I saw similar things happen in other night schools that I attended in the past. A popular person of one clique would snub outcasts, not giving anyone who wasn't already in their group the time of day. Unfortunately, that's just how things went in some high schools. 
My game plan now was to change my fashion style to match the girl from my English class, whose name I recalled being Melissa. Thankfully, this would only require a few minor tweaks. I typically tried to keep my fashion fairly neutral until I was positive I could hook my chosen target. The less room for error, the better.
Luckily, I thought far enough in advance to sit next to her. Now all that I had to do was extend the hand of friendship. Tomorrow I would pitch my sob story about having just moved into town and needing someone to hang out with. Hopefully, she’d buy it if I approached with a cheery disposition.
I thought about all of these things as I leaned against the cool brick wall next to the classroom door. A student rounding the corner suddenly came into my peripheral vision. My heart caught in my chest as I realized it was Aiden, probably coming to class early to reclaim his seat.
While I had already resigned to the fact that I was going to have to dump him as a candidate for aiding me in my search for a good victim, I decided that it wouldn't hurt to give it one more try. After all, what better opportunity than one where I actually had him alone. He couldn't possibly ignore me if he was standing right next to me, or could he?
“Hey.” I waved awkwardly as he approached.
Aiden pulled his headphones off of his head and stopped a few feet short of me, looking the classroom door up and down as if he had expected it to already be open. I could hear the music blaring out from his headphones, a jumbled mix of screams and electric guitar. 
“I’m Annabel.” I extended my hand with a smile. “What’s your name?” Acknowledging that I already knew his name might seem a bit creepy, so I decided to pretend that I didn't.
Aiden looked at my face for a second, and then his eyes trailed to my extended hand. He shifted the weight of his backpack and reached down to shake my hand, turning his attention back to the door while he spoke as if he was ignoring me, aside from the handshaking gesture, all the while.
“Aiden,” he replied.
“You’re here early.” I looked at my watch to estimate how much time we had before the bell would ring. Only one minute.
“Yeah,” he said, refusing to look at me, his attention ever on the door.
“So, I just moved here and was looking for people to hang out with, and I was wondering if you’d want to hang out sometime.” The words came out of my mouth in a hurried jumble of desperation. I cringed on the inside at how horribly pathetic it had sounded.
“I can’t,” he replied, and with that the bell rang, and he forced his way into the classroom and to his seat.
That’s it, I officially give up, I told myself as I followed Aiden inside and slumped into the seat beside him. His defenses were impenetrable. There was no way he would be letting me into his group of friends, so there was no point in putting anymore effort into it. 
Mark arrived and took the seat beside me. I didn’t say anything to him, but instead waited for him to hit on me. To my surprise, he said nothing. He simply went right to work on completing his homework from the night before. Even after class he maintained disinterest, leaving promptly without a glance in my direction. It seemed as if something was weighing heavily on his mind.
Despite my last-ditch attempt to form a friendship with Aiden failing, things went fairly well. Now that I was focused on Melissa, I would push everyone else away, reserving all of my free time for her. The less people I talked to at school, the less loose ends I would have to tie up when the murder took place. 


Chapter 6: Fight


Friday had finally come, and my plan went off without a hitch. Melissa seemed ecstatic to take me on as her new friend, and she wasted no time inviting me out. It was decided that I would go meet up with her and her friends later that night. 
I strolled into my last period class late and took my seat between Aiden and Mark, pleased with myself and without a care in the world. Aiden could ignore me until his heart was content as far as I was concerned, and Mark would just have to learn to back off. I was done dealing with both of them.
Sometime in the middle of class, Mark slipped a folded up piece of notebook paper onto my desk. I smiled at him politely and unfolded it, despite not being particularly interested in its contents. To my surprise, it wasn't exactly a note. In the place of writing was a crude stick figure sketch of him and I sexually entwined. I rolled my eyes at him while he looked me up and down and then blew me a kiss.
It quickly became apparent to me that there was only one way I was going to rid myself of him. Public embarrassment. A popular guy like him would probably shrivel up and die if his masculine image was tarnished. 
I scribbled something on the back of the piece of paper before tossing it carefully onto his desk when our teacher wasn’t watching. The expression on Mark’s face, after reading the paper, was priceless. He had a cocky smile of delight mixed with content disbelief at my proposition. 
After class, Mark walked me out to my car. I stayed several steps in front of him and could only imagine the looks that he was giving to my backside. Lusty teenage hormones would be his downfall.
Mark stopped before reaching my car, and his eyes widened in surprise. “This is your car?” he asked, his mouth agape as he marveled at the shining reflection that bounced off my Corvette’s black paint job in the moonlight.
“Don’t be so shocked. My father is very wealthy,” I replied, leaning against the car.
“What year is it?” he asked.
“2012.”
“He must be very wealthy to afford to buy you a brand-new car like this. Hell, the basic model starts at over $50,000. What does your father do?” He walked around the vehicle, absorbing its every detail.
“He’s a cardiologist,” I lied, not amused. There was no need to speak the truth considering that very soon Mark wouldn't want anything to do with me if everything went as planned.
I was very much used to boys drooling over my vehicles almost as much as they drooled over me. It was something I had endured throughout my whole immortal life due to my master seeing me well taken care of.
“So, when I beat you up, we’re going to be having sex in the backseat of this baby, right?”
My teeth gritted, and I cringed internally. “You’re not going to win,” I insisted.
Mark stopped when he got back around to me and then propped himself up beside me, looming over me in what I’m sure he thought was an intimidating manner. “Do you think I’m going to take it easy on you because you’re a girl?” he asked. “Should I take it easy on you?”
Mark reached out his free hand to caress my cheek, and I swatted it away in annoyance, being careful not to unleash my full strength. I wanted him to be naive about the fact that I could crush him like a bug in the matter of half a heart beat if I wanted to. He was too stupid to know what he had signed up for. Mark thought that he was getting an easy ticket into my pants, when, in fact, he had actually agreed to his own social downfall. In the note that I had passed back to him, I said that I would willingly have sex with him if he could pin me down. Perhaps he thought it was a flirtatious joke, but I was dead serious. The odds of him being able to overpower me were slim to none, thanks to my super-human strength. It was a great opportunity to lure him out into the open and destroy his pride, a blow that would hopefully make him want to stay as far away from me as possible.
“Let’s do this,” I said.
The parking lot was clearing out quickly so we needed to get this show started before there was no one left to watch it. Witnesses were essential to give my plan the highest chance of success. 
I stepped away from the car and walked several yards before stopping and turning back towards Mark. His mouth curled into that stupidly arrogant smile that I had already learned to hate. I glanced briefly at the other high schoolers that seemed not to take much notice of us. “Are you just going to stand there?” I taunted Mark, prompting him to come to me.
When he got to where I was standing, he smiled down at me and then surprised me by bending over for a kiss, obviously not taking my words at face value. I quickly punched him in the nose, forcing him to take a step back. Reflexively, he hunched over to hold his face. “You stupid bitch!” he yelled, drawing everyone's attention onto us as if someone had just rung the bell for a boxing match. 
“Do you think I’m going to take it easy on you because you’re a girl?” I mocked him while he struggled to regain his composure, growing ever aware of the increasing number of eyes that were settling on his perturbed frame. Mark glanced at me in anger before taking another moment to make sure that I hadn’t fractured his nose. “That was just a warning shot, by the way. Next time something is going to get broken.”
“What in the hell? Do you take martial arts or something?” he asked with a concerned glance at the group of teenagers that were now beginning to crowd around us.
“Don’t play down your shortcomings, Mark,” I chided. 
“I thought you were just joking,” he said, wiping his nose with the sleeve of his letterman jacket. Tears glistened in his eyes, the effect of the crushing of sensitive nerves in his face.
I could hear the teenagers around us whispering to one another.
“Is that Mark Baxter?” one of them asked.
“Yeah, Mark Baxter the football jock. He’s getting his ass beat by a girl.” Another one laughed.
Excellent, I thought to myself. This would definitely be spreading like venereal disease around school the next day.
“Come on Mark, show me what you’ve got. I don’t have all night, you know.” I egged him on, watching his gaze turn to fire in humiliation. 
“Alright.” He straightened himself back up. “But no one better call the cops. I don’t want people to think that I’m a woman abuser.” 
Mark lunged at me with sudden angry force, but it was all for naught. His fist landed lightly into my palm as I caught his hand mid-punch. The sudden shock in his eyes was quickly replaced by tension and pain as I squeezed. He cried out and clutched at his wrist with his free hand, trying to pull his fist out of my grasp.
“Down boy,” I said, forcing his body to bend in an unnatural position as he crumbled away from the pain.
“You’re going to break my hand!” He screamed in agony, totally oblivious to our onlookers. I knew very well that the only thing he could think about was the pain and anything that he could possibly do to get away from it. 
“Yeah.” I smiled. “I am.” And with that, I squeezed.


Chapter 7: A Piece of Paper


The rest of the weekend went off without a hitch. I spent time with Melissa and her friends on Friday after the fight with Mark and a few hours shopping with her at the mall on Saturday night before it closed. Everything was starting to come together as planned.
As expected, Mark didn't show up for school on Monday. He was probably busy nursing his broken hand—and his bruised pride. I had gone a bit over the top, perhaps displayed too much of my supernatural strength. After all, it wasn't very likely that someone my size would have the capability to break a human hand just with the force of their own fist, but I blamed it on my high level of martial arts training. Most people would be too stupid to argue that. Besides, it sounded a lot more realistic than telling everyone that I was a vampire, which of course, was out of the question. 
I wasn’t exactly sure how badly I had broken Mark's hand. I just remembered listening in contentment to the crushing of bone beneath my fist, the warm feel of it sinking away from my icy touch as it warped and pressed itself further into his flesh. For all I knew, he could be out of school from having reconstructive surgery.
Clack. A piece of paper skipped across my desk into view and startled me out of my pleasant thoughts of maiming Mark. I looked down at it and then over at Aiden, who glanced briefly back at me before turning his attention to the paper.
I didn’t bother smiling or showing any other type of concern or interest as I took the paper in hand and unfolded it. It said, “Did you really break Mark Baxter’s hand?”
A sly grin crawled its way across my face as I grasped my pen in hand and admitted to the dastardly deed. 
There was a strange euphoric feeling running through me as I realized that humiliating Mark had served a dual purpose. Of course there had been other kids who had asked me about the events of Friday, but I would have never imagined it would have been something that could help break through Aiden's barrier. 
Perhaps it wasn't too late to consider switching my target. In all honesty, Melissa's up beat personality was nauseating to me. I would much rather spend my time with a group of people who wasn't so proper and preppy. 
I took the reigns of the situation and ran with it, utilizing Aiden's interest in my scuffle with Mark to engage him in further conversation via the passing of notes back and forth. First, I gave him the information that he wanted to know, the details of the fight, and then I drilled him with friendly questions. . . the mindless stuff that high school friendships are normally formed on, such as the type of music that he listened to and what he liked to do for fun.
To my surprise, Aiden was forward with the fact that he had a girlfriend who was very jealous and didn't like him talking to other girls. I politely informed him that I would be moving at the end of the school year and didn't even have any thoughts towards dating. It would be pointless to do so, given the fact that nothing lasting could come of it.
By the end of the night, we seemed to be on friendly terms. It was too early to tell if anything would come of it though. 
I would continue to work on Melissa and see where things went with Aiden, despite my initial decision to focus only on her. If I could worm my way into Aiden's world, I was certain that he could come up with a better offering for a victim than Melissa. 


Chapter 8: Finally


Apparently, I hadn't broken Mark's hand as badly as I had initially thought because he was able to return to class the next night. There wasn't a cast on his hand, but it was all wrapped up in bandages. 
As planned, Mark completely ignored me and took a new seat as far away from me as he could possibly get. Score one for me, I thought happily.
“Looks like he wants to be as far away from you as possible,” Aiden mirrored my observation.
“It would seem that way,” I replied.
After class, Aiden offered to walk with me to the parking lot. It was a pleasant surprise, and I cheerfully took him up on the offer.
“So–” he said awkwardly as we approached my Corvette, “oh man, is this yours?” Aiden's eyes bugged as I clicked the automatic locks on the car. 
I smirked at the fact that the car had completely made him lose track of what he was originally going to say. “Do you like it?” I asked, well knowing the answer already.
“Yeah. It’s amazing,” Aiden replied, doing the same walk around that Mark had done. “I had seen it in the parking lot but thought it belonged to a teacher.”
“Nope. It’s mine.” I shrugged. “Daddy spoils me.”
“You’re not kidding,” he paused to look back up at me seriously. “No offense.”
“None taken.” I smiled, watching Aiden's adorable wonderment. He looked absolutely delicious in the moonlight, and the fact that he was honest enough to tell me he had a girlfriend indicated he probably wasn’t as bad tasting as I had first thought. “Maybe I’ll let you drive it sometime.”
“Really?” Aiden asked with excitement in his voice. His eyes caught the moonlight just enough to add drama to the already emotionally infused response. 
I couldn’t help but giggle. “If you want.”
“Wow! Cool.” It took Aiden a few more minutes to recompose himself before he walked back over to where I was standing beside the driver door. He seemed suddenly nervous, reaching behind his head to scratch the back of his neck.
“Are you alright?” I asked, looking at him strangely.
“Yeah, I’m fine,” Aiden hesitated. “I talked it over with my girlfriend, and she said it would be cool if you came and hung out with us one night . . . since you don’t have any friends here and all.” He continued slowly scratching for a few moments before putting his arm back down.
“Yeah, that would be great.” I smiled, now wishing I hadn’t wasted so much time getting to know that Melissa girl. 
“So, um, maybe Friday after class. We usually go to J’s Burgers to hang out and grab something to eat. Well,” he hesitated again, “not usually, but that’s where Deblin wants to go, so, yeah, that’s where we’ll be. We usually hang out on Friday nights though. It's like our get together time.”
“Just you and your girlfriend?” I inquired, trying to get an idea of how many potential victims he would be introducing me to.
“No . . . my best friend will be there too. He’s kind of weird, but we love him anyway.” Aiden laughed uncomfortably. 
Only two other people. It wasn't likely that I would hit the jackpot with those odds, considering how many kids I had already scouted out. Still, it was better than nothing, as long as they weren't kids I knew from night school. 
Aiden looked like he would be a popular guy. Surely, he would introduce me to more people the longer that I hung out with him. 
“Sure. Sounds good.” I smiled and nodded, opening the car door and getting ready to step inside. He was acting so nervous that it was making me feel awkward.
“Well, see ya.” Aiden waved as he watched me get into my car and start the engine. 
My eyes trailed him back to a baby puke yellow Volvo. Either his parents didn't trust him behind the wheel, or his car was a hand me down. Either way, it was an eye sore, one of the oldest and most beat up cars in the parking lot. 
I made sure to pull out of my parking space before Aiden had time to turn and realize that I was watching him. It took so much effort getting close to him as it was, that I didn't want to do anything that I thought might drive him away. Staring at him probably wouldn't do it, but I wasn't going to take any chances. 


Chapter 9: Meeting


Had the events on the night before been real? How strange it seemed to walk into class and be completely unnoticed by Aiden, as if he had never even spoken to me at all the previous two days. I couldn't get so much as a greeting out of him. Instead, he seemed to be avoiding interaction with me like the plague. 
By Friday, I wasn’t sure if the invitation that Aiden had extended earlier in the week was still valid. He seemed so engulfed in his little black notebook, and so hell-bent on ignoring me that he didn’t even bother to respond to the note that I slid onto his desk in the middle of class. It was as if I was completely invisible to him.
Lo and behold, class ended and Aiden stood up and swung his backpack over his shoulder to leave, no mention of the invitation that he had made to me on Tuesday.
“Aiden.” I tried to get his attention before he walked out the door. 
He ignored me. 
“Aiden!” I said his name again, louder this time, causing everyone around him to notice. It was obvious at this point that he was purposely ignoring me, but I wasn’t about to let it go. I jogged a couple of feet to catch up to him and put my hand on his shoulder to stop him in his tracks, using my supernatural force to make sure that he wouldn’t push out of my grasp and keep on walking. 
“Annabel.” My name fell from his lips for the first time. Aiden's pale blue eyes were serious and purposeful as he turned towards me, my hand leading his shoulder until he faced me.
“Are we still going out tonight?” I could feel my forehead wrinkling in stress—stress that all of these disregarding actions of his had been leading up to my let down. 
Aiden sighed and rubbed the back of his neck the same way that he had done the night that he invited me in the first place. I could feel awkwardness building with his tension. He was going to try to let me down gently; I could read it in his face.
“Yeah, um,” Aiden paused, “um yeah.” And that’s all he said.
I waited—waited for the bomb to drop—waited for the word ‘no’, but he didn’t say it. He just stood there, looking at me absently.
“Oh.” I craned my neck back in confused disbelief. “So, we are still going? You ignored me almost all week, so I thought you were going to blow me off.”
I shifted my weight from one foot to the other. His nervousness was contagious.
“Oh, yeah, no.” Aiden dropped his hand back to his side and hoisted his backpack more securely over his shoulder. “Do you want to follow me?”
“Okay.” 
I tailed Aiden's Volvo a few blocks down the road and around the corner to J’s Burgers. The restaurant was bigger than I had expected and much more popular. It was so crowded that we had to park all the way across the parking lot from each other. 
The attention of a group of guys standing nearby was instantly drawn to my Corvette. I could hear them talking about it as I exited the vehicle. One of the guys looked me up and down and the conversation quickly shifted from the car to me, exchanges of crude comments between the men turning into their new topic of conversation. 
I decided purposely to take the long route around them to the restaurant door. It wasn’t until one of the guys wolf whistled that I noticed Aiden already standing at the front of the restaurant waiting for me. I must have missed seeing him walking through the parking lot while I was busy concentrating on ignoring the perverts standing in the direction of the door. One thing was for certain, if they still happened to be standing there when I walked out, one of them would end up being dinner. 
By the time I finally made it to him, Aiden was ready with the door open, and he said nothing as I passed by him and went inside. Judging by the distance he placed between us, you would have thought that I had some type of contagious disease. It seemed as if, even outside of the classroom, he was trying to keep his distance from me. Logic would deduce that this was probably because his girlfriend was in view, but considering how he treated me all week, I imagined he would have kept the same distance even if we were alone together.
As I followed Aiden to the cashier to place his order, I scanned the room for whom I thought might be his girlfriend and best friend. There were so many people our age packed into the place though that I couldn't make a probable guess.
“Are you going to order?” Aiden asked me.
“No. Diet,” I replied, and with that he grabbed his cup and headed to the soda fountain.
Standing behind Aiden while he filled his cup was incredibly awkward. The area was so crowded that I had to keep side stepping so that people could get around me. Why he hadn't been considerate enough to lead me to his friends first, I didn't understand. I shouldn't have been surprised though. The longer I knew Aiden, the more strange he seemed. 
Once Aiden’s cup was filled, he maneuvered through the room to a booth in the back corner. It took a few moments for me to realize where we were headed. 
The girl, whom Aiden immediately bent down to kiss like a loyal puppy, was surprisingly unattractive. Freckles spotted her pale cheeks, which were framed with long stringy black hair that parted in the middle to reveal a large forehead. Her eyes were soft and brown, and her lips were small and disproportionate to the rest of her face. She had an almost mousy look to her. 
An oversized black t-shirt swallowed her thin frame. It was faded, stained, and had holes around the bottom hem. She complimented it with a long tattered looking black skirt and a matching pair of worn ballerina flats. I would have chucked the whole outfit in the trash had I found it in my closet. 
The needy smile that she gave Aiden as he went to kiss her almost made my stomach turn. A pang of jealousy rushed through me, and I couldn't help but wonder how a troll like her had managed to land a fashionable guy like Aiden. She did absolutely nothing to make herself look attractive—no makeup, no style whatsoever.
The boy who sat across from her was a thin red head with skin paler than mine and bright blue eyes that were etched in eyeliner. He wore an expensive looking trench coat with black slacks and thick soled boots underneath.
There was something dark in his eyes that made a chill roll down my spine as they washed over me, starting at my waist and moving up to my face. The smirk he gave me seemed equally creepy, yet I could only assume it was a welcoming gesture, at least I hoped that it was. 
“This is Annabel,” Aiden quickly introduced me. “Annabel, this is my girlfriend Deblin and my best friend Bane.”
This was not what I had expected at all. I pictured Aiden’s girlfriend to be—well, very attractive. And I never would have imagined that his best friend would be a goth kid. 
“Pleasure,” Bane said as he scooted over to make room for me to sit.
“It’s all mine.” I smiled down politely.
“Nice to meet you,” Deblin greeted me, also making way for Aiden, who promptly sat down with his drink and examined the order number on his receipt.
“So, you’re new in town?” Bane asked. His voice was deep and throaty, sounding much too old for his age.
“Yeah,” I replied, trying to put on a shy front so that I wouldn’t make Deblin feel anymore awkward than it was obvious she already felt. She had stopped eating the second that Aiden had sat down and clung to him as if she was afraid I might steal him away. 
“Do you want some of mine until yours gets here?” she asked him.
“No, love.” He smiled gently at her and kissed her again. 
My initial surprise at Deblin being Aiden's girlfriend melted away into sheer joy at the fact that she would probably make a good victim. It didn't take me being a mind reader to figure out that she had a lot of issues. Between her lack of social skills, obvious insecurity as far as Aiden was concerned, and her poor upkeep, Deblin appeared to be a psychological mess just waiting to be excavated by a vampire like myself, the kind that feed on negative emotions. The more damaged she was, the better she would taste. 
Target acquired. Now all I needed to do was break her away from Aiden so that I could assess the extent of her mental distress, hook her into believing I was a trusted friend, and then stab her in the back while I drained her lifeless. 
“What brings you to Sunset High?” Bane turned to engage me in conversation.
“I'm photosensitive,” I confessed. “It's the closest night school to my house.”
“Like a vampire.” The word vampire hissed off of his tongue, and it sent a cold shiver down my spine. I had heard someone say that before, but not quite the way that Bane had just said it. Even though it was true, he made it sound creepy.
“Exactly.” I gave my best fake smile, an unsettling feeling welling up inside my stomach, though I couldn't tell if it was because Bane made me uncomfortable, or if I was just hungry. 
“And you’re not eating.” Bane looked at me as if he was already figuring it all out in his head. 
“I have . . . food allergies,” I explained.
“Says the vampire.” He smirked.
We had only been sitting together for a few minutes, and already this guy was getting under my skin. What was it about Bane that made me so uneasy? If it had been anyone else, I would have instantly assumed that it was a joke, but there was something in his eyes that made me believe that, somehow, he knew my secret.
“Dude, would you knock it off?” Aiden raised his voice in agitation, and I was immediately grateful. A second later we heard Aiden's name called on the intercom, and he had to leave the table to pick up his order.
“You guys eat without me.” I noticed that both Deblin and Bane had half eaten burgers that they hadn’t touched since Aiden and I had sat down. 
“I’m interested in your food allergy,” Bane pressed on, ignoring Aiden now that he was gone.
“I have eosinophilic enteropathy. I’m basically allergic to everything.” It took all I had to fight my muscles from scowling. 
I felt Aiden’s shadow pass over me as he slid back into his seat with burger in hand. I could only hope that his return would help ease the tension. 
“How was your day?” Deblin asked him sweetly.
“Long.” Aiden sighed as he positioned his burger to take a bite. 
She made a humming sound and then started to wrap up her own half eaten burger to take home as leftovers.
“So, what’s there to do around here?” I asked, trying to break the ice and engage Deblin in conversation.
“Plenty,” Bane butted back in, as if he were trying to save Deblin from having to speak. “There are arcades, movie theaters, pool halls, malls, theme parks,” he hesitated as if trying to think of other attractions. 
“Are there any good places to shop?” I addressed Deblin directly again. She was staring down at her now wrapped up burger as if her soul had left the building, but her body still remained.
“I don’t go shopping,” she said blankly.
Obviously, I thought. “Well, we’ll just have to change that.”
The poor girl could use a makeover like it was nobody’s business. I was sure that Aiden would appreciate it too.
“Yeah, you guys should hang out,” Aiden agreed between bites.
“I don’t have the money.” Deblin looked towards the window.
“I get paid next weekend. I’ll give you some,” Aiden offered. 
For some reason, Aiden's generosity surprised me, but not quite as much as the fact that he had a job. He certainly didn't look poor. I briefly considered inquiring about why he went to night school, but I knew that my time was better spent focusing on Deblin. Besides, engaging Aiden in conversation would probably only serve to make her feel more uncomfortable, considering that she likely saw me as a threat to their relationship.
“No.” Deblin looked back at the wrapped up burger and paused. “We need that money . . . for other things.”
“What other things?” I asked, not caring about how undoubtedly nosy the question sounded. Any shot that I could possibly take making conversation with Deblin wasn't going to be missed.
“It’s nothing . . . important.” Deblin shied away towards the window again. 
“I can just put in some overtime next week. Maybe go in a bit earlier,” Aiden suggested.
“No.” Deblin turned to him suddenly. “I won’t have it! You work enough as it is.”
They sounded like a married couple that was having a hard time with their finances. It was an odd conversation for two people who were so young to be having. 
“It’s just a few extra hours.” He took a long drink of soda and then looked over at her with mild annoyance at the argument.
“Time better spent with me.” Deblin pressed her cheek to Aiden's shoulder, and for the first time, looked at me straight on, except for that it didn't seem like she was looking at me, but rather through me, as if I were made of glass. 
“I want you to do something nice for yourself. It would be good if you got away from the house for a while anyway,” Aiden encouraged her.
“I can’t.” She looked back down.
“We’ll talk about details later,” he told her gently and then kissed her on top of the head.
The rest of the night continued on just as awkwardly, with Deblin refusing to mumble more than a few words when I tried to engage her in conversation. Most of the time, she just let Aiden answer for her. They both seemed equally uninterested in finding out anything about me. Bane made a bit more effort to be friendly, thankfully dropping the vampire subject in exchange for normal topics. We talked about music, movies, and a bunch of other stuff that didn't really matter. I got the impression that he was just trying to fill the silence that would have otherwise consumed the table if it were left up to Aiden and Deblin. 
Luckily, we didn't linger much longer after Aiden finished his hamburger. Although we walked out of the building as a group, I still felt like an outcast. 
Even my hopes for having a satisfying meal were dashed when I realized that the guys who had been in the parking lot earlier were gone. I should have figured as much though. Most normal people don't hang around parking lots for very long unless they're waiting for someone.
While it may have seemed like the night was a bust, I liked to look at it as more of a challenge. It would probably take a bit of work to break through the barrier to Deblin, but that would make it all the more worth while. The blood always tasted better when I had to work for it.


Chapter 10: Note


The weekend was completely uneventful. Aside from hunting, the only thing that entertained me was the thought that constantly ran through my mind of how to get closer to Deblin. It was obvious that I would have to make the connection through Aiden, and that would require getting them to invite me out again. The more I hung out with Deblin, the more comfortable she should become around me, and eventually a friendship would form. That's how these things usually worked, at least.
I waited patiently for Aiden to arrive to class on Monday night, but he was late. Within seconds of sitting down, he was completely engulfed in his black notebook. I couldn't help but wonder what he was writing that he was so passionate about. He certainly wasn't taking notes for class.
About halfway through class, boredom compelled me to go to the bathroom and wash my face. When I got back to my desk, I noticed a folded up piece of paper laying on top of my text book. Common sense told me that it was from Aiden, but I almost couldn’t force myself to believe it. He hadn’t even looked at me when I came back into the room.
I unfolded the paper slowly, looking back over at Aiden for some kind of sign. There was none. The handwriting on the piece of paper was unmistakably his though, and I could see where the page had been ripped from his notebook. It read, “Bane likes you.”
I cringed, realizing in disgust that this was my gateway to getting closer to Deblin, but wishing that it hadn't been brought to my attention as an option. Quite frankly, the guy creeped me out, and after all of his vampire assumptions, I didn't want anything to do with him. 
It was too early to make rash decisions. If all went well, I could manipulate the situation to get close to Deblin without having to form fake romantic relations with Bane, though I was certainly willing to go to whatever lengths it would take. Still, admitting any false feelings for him would be premature and surely lead me in a direction that I wanted to avoid at all costs, so I decided that being vague was my best way of using this opportunity for my benefit. I pressed my pen to paper and replied, “We should all hang out again.”
I tossed the folded up piece of paper back onto Aiden’s desk, and for shits and giggles, decided purposely to overshoot so that he would have to stop writing to pick it up. Aiden looked at the paper on the floor and then glanced at me with a displeased look before setting his pen down and bending over to pick up the paper. Without a hint of emotion, he unfolded and read the note, then scribbled something on it and tossed it back to me. It simply said, “Friday night.” 


Chapter 11: The V Word


The rest of the week crawled by slowly. I waited patiently through the discomfort of Aiden ignoring me all week and pretending like we didn’t even know each other. His strangeness could almost drive me mad—almost drive me to want to kill him instead.
Friday came around, and I still had no idea what we were doing. I had thought about asking Aiden in a note, but I figured that there was no point since he probably wouldn’t respond anyway. It seemed as though the only time he enjoyed note passing was if he started it. 
I wondered if I would have to chase him after class like I had the previous week, but by the grace of God, he walked right up to me as soon as class was over and asked if I was ready to go. I nodded, and he told me to follow him in my car. I didn’t even inquire about where we were going. It really didn't matter as long as the destination took me closer to my goal.
We drove a lot farther this time. In fact, he took me completely out of the city, off of the main highway, onto a dark secluded road, and finally into the pitch blackness of an old dirt road out in the woods. There was a steep uphill climb to wherever he was leading me, and no lights to guide our way. If it weren’t for my vampirism, I probably would have been terrified about wrecking my car. What in the heck are they doing way out here, I wondered.
Finally, the narrow dirt road that we had been traveling on gave way to a clearing where I could spot another vehicle, which I quickly recognized as Bane's Dodge Charger. Aiden parked his car beside it, and then I parked mine next to his. 
My heart filled with dread at the thought that Deblin might not be there at all, that this could have all been a plot set up by Aiden and Bane to get Bane and I together. A multitude of unpleasant scenarios ran through my head, all of which would require an exit plan.
Car interior lighting illuminated the night as the boys exited their vehicles, and a sigh of relief passed my lips as I saw Deblin get out of the passenger's side of Bane's car. Thank God, I thought, putting on my enthusiastic face before leaving my vehicle as well. 
Quick greetings were exchanged, more like careless grunts than acknowledgments, and then I watched as they all took out flashlights. I could only assume this meant we were going to be doing a bit of late-night hiking, and I felt a little peeved I hadn’t been informed of this so that I could have at least worn the proper footwear. There's nothing quite like crunching over pointy twigs and thorny brush in thinly canvassed ballerina flats. 
In an unexpected thoughtful gesture, Aiden handed me his flashlight. “Here. Deblin and I can share one.”
Bane stepped up close to me and then looked at the rest of the group. “Are we ready?”
“Yeah,” Aiden replied, and then took the lead as we headed towards the forest.
“Where are we going?” I finally asked, annoyed that no one had even bothered to tell me.
“You’ll see,” Bane replied as he stepped up behind Deblin and Aiden, leaving me in the rear.
Comforting, I thought sarcastically to myself. I still couldn’t understand why they were meeting out in the middle of no where like this. 
As I trailed Bane, I realized that he was surprisingly short, and I wondered why I hadn't noticed it at the restaurant. Almost instinctively, I looked down at his boots. He was wearing different ones tonight, something a lot less flashy and expensive looking, with a thinner heel. The ones from the restaurant had practically been platforms. In normal boots, we seemed to be about the same height, give an inch due to the way he spiked his hair.
Aiden pushed through the forest, as if he had done this a million times before. I stuck close to Bane who looked back frequently to make sure that I was still following. The truth was that I could have followed them in complete darkness; I could see their heat signatures perfectly. 
After a few minutes of traipsing through the forest, we came to a clearing, and I now understood why they had come here. By the time that Aiden stopped, we were standing on the edge of a cliff that overlooked the city in the distance. City lights twinkled on the horizon like a million tiny stars. This was not the most breathtaking view that I had ever seen, but I imagined that it was probably one of the best ones in and around the city. 
Aiden took Deblin’s hand and led her to a spot in the clearing where they sat together to look out over the city. He pulled her into his arms as she wedged herself between his legs and lay back against his chest. They almost immediately went into their own little world, and in that moment, I understood that my preconceived notion that this was all a plot to get Bane and I together was probably correct. While there was no way I could prove it, that was the only possible reason Aiden and Deblin would instantly distance themselves from us the second we reached the clearing. It was obvious to me that they didn't want to be bothered, and even more obvious that I had been stuck with Bane, forced to seek entertainment through his company.
Now, the fact that Deblin was there seemed more of a hindrance than a blessing. Trying to execute my exit strategy would only make me seem rude and like I wasn't interested in hanging out with them as a group. If it had just been me and the boys, my desire to leave would have been more understandable. As it was, I was pretty much trapped.
Bane was now standing beside me, and I couldn't help but sigh as I looked over at him. Surrendering to the situation, I decided to try to make small talk. “It’s beautiful up here.”
“Yeah.” He took a few steps closer to the edge of the cliff. “This is one of our favorite hang out spots.”
“I can see why.” I smiled weakly, glad that he probably couldn’t see my expression in the darkness.
There was no moon tonight and very few stars. They had to come here often to know exactly where the cliff was to avoid falling off of its edge in the darkness. 
“Do you ever come here in the daytime?” I asked.
“That’s usually when we come here, but Aiden wanted to bring you here and since we could only do it at night, we made do."
I was a little surprised. Had they never come here at night before? It was so dangerous in the dark, when an ill placed step could easily lead one of them to their deaths at the bottom of the cliff. And what was more surprising was that it was Aiden’s idea. There was at least half a dozen safe public places that he could have had us meet up at, but he chose this one, a secret place in the forest, outside of the city. It didn't make much sense to me. Then again, few things that Aiden did made any sense to me. 
“What’s life without a little danger?” Bane turned and walked back to me. 
I could tell by the tone of Bane's voice that he was either trying to intimidate me or seduce me, neither of which was working. Almost instinctively, I took a step back from him and turned away. My attempts at fighting disinterest were failing.
“You don’t like me very much, do you?” he asked. 
The question made my heart freeze in my chest for a second. Was it that obvious?
“It’s alright,” he continued, “most people are afraid of me.”
“I’m not afraid of you.” I spun on my heels with lightening speed. The notion almost made me want to laugh. If anything, he should be afraid of me.
“Maybe you should be.” He took a step closer.
“I fear no man. You know—maybe you should be afraid of me.”
“And why’s that?” 
I shined my flashlight directly into Bane's eyes, causing him to quickly turn away and momentarily lose his balance. “Because we’re standing next to the edge of a cliff, and you're closest to it.”
Bane let out a deep raspy chuckle as he regained his composure, taking a step around me so that we were on equal ground relative to the cliff’s edge. “I like you. You’re full of—something.”
I realized that we had almost completely become oblivious to Aiden and Deblin, though I was sure they didn’t mind. They were too busy cuddling and kissing, only taking brief breaks for Aiden to whisper sweet nothings into Deblin’s ear. Their romanticism made me nauseous—and jealous. 
I sighed into the night air. For a moment, all seemed quiet and peaceful. 
“We should hang out sometime, just you and I,” Bane broke the silence. 
“I thought I was supposed to be afraid of you?” I asked snidely. 
“Why? You’re the vampire.”
My heart stopped. I was almost in disbelief that he brought the vampire topic up again. Hadn't we decided to drop it at the restaurant? Did he mean it as a joke, or was he actually serious? I couldn't tell. The tone of his voice made me think it was the later of the two. Perhaps I was just being paranoid though. 
“Yeah, which is why we shouldn’t hang out. I might decide to eat you.” I made a vain attempt at sarcasm.
“Something tells me that I wouldn’t mind if you bit me.”
“You say that now . . .” I rolled my eyes, again thankful that he probably couldn't see it.
“If you’re not interested, I’d understand.” He glanced quickly at Aiden and Deblin and then lowered his voice. “Most of the girls we meet are just trying to get close to him anyway.”
The mere suggestion disturbed me. Aiden may have been a catch, but he was by no means my goal. Out of the three of them, he was the one I wanted the least to do with. Getting to know him served no purpose in reaching my goal. In fact, it would probably be damaging to it. 
“Well, you’re in luck.” I smiled. “He doesn't interest me. When do you want to hang out?”
“I’m free every night of the week. You pick.”
“Tomorrow night,” I said quickly. The sooner, the better. 
And so the date was set. The next day we would meet up at an eighteen and under pool hall near Sunset High. 
We didn’t stay much longer after that. Deblin started getting cold, so we headed back to the cars. Bane and I exchanged phone numbers, and then we all went our separate ways. Though it was another night of tension, at least I was now on a sturdier path to achieving my goal.


Chapter 12: Intimacy


The next night after class, I met Bane at the pool hall. Surprisingly, he was the perfect gentleman. He greeted me out at my car, walked me inside and opened the door for me; he even paid for my game. While my hunting instinct told me that I should play human and show only average skills, purposely fumbling shots so that I wouldn’t look like a freak of nature pool shark, I couldn’t resist the urge to stomp on Bane's cocky pride. 
“Were you on a league or something?” he asked in disbelief as I beat him for the fourth time in a row. “Some of those shots you made were—literally impossible by the laws of physics.”
“Sounds like you need a better physics teacher then.” I smiled across the table at him. “Rack em’ up, stud.”
He smirked as he walked over to remove the ball rack from its compartment inside the table. We had made small talk, up until now, but it was time to get down to business.
“Has Deblin always been that way?” I asked.
“What do you mean?” He racked up the balls for another game of eight ball.
“Well . . . she doesn’t talk much?”
“That’s Deblin for you.” Bane sighed as if the subject annoyed him.
“Oh . . . so that’s just the way that she is? She seems really clingy and insecure.”
“That’s because she is.” He lifted the rack off of the balls. “I think she’d shrivel up and die without Aiden. She wouldn’t have any friends.”
The nonchalant way that he said it surprised me. “Not even you?” I asked.
“Nope.” He straightened himself up and looked across the table at me, waiting for me to break. 
“Why not? Aren’t you guys friends too?” I was tired of beating him, tired of playing all together, but I figured that it would be too awkward if we sat down to talk about it, so I stepped up to the table and took my shot, landing three solid balls in one fail swoop.
“Man, you’re lethal.” He winced at my talent. “She’s not my friend. All she is to me—is Aiden’s girlfriend.”
“You sound like you really don’t like her.” I continued to clean up the table. Bane might as well be sitting down; I let him shoot so rarely.
“I just . . . think Aiden could do better. I don’t know if you noticed or not, but she’s a real downer. All she cares about is her problems and how she can use Aiden to help take care of them for her.”
“Hmm, she seemed genuinely affectionate toward him.”
“Oh, don’t get me wrong . . . she loves him; she's just—not good for him.”
“I’m still confused.” I pressed on.
Bane shifted his weight uncomfortably. It was obvious that he didn’t like the subject. “She . . . has a lot of problems . . . at home. I don’t think she’d like me to talk about it, so I’m just going to leave it at that. If you want to know more, you’ll have to ask her yourself. I don’t really care about pissing her off, but if I say anything, and she finds out, she’ll tell Aiden, and then he’ll get pissed off at me, and I don’t want that.”
My interest was peaked. “I won’t tell, I promise.” 
“I’ve heard that one before.” Bane rolled his eyes, leaning on his pool cue for support as he watched me finish up the game single handed. “Well, now that you’ve beaten me for the millionth time, do you want to go back to my place?”
“My father would kill me. I’m not allowed to go to a boy's house,” I lied to him as I slipped my pool cue back into its holder. Though I wanted more information, I was too tired of beating him to play another game. Perhaps winning every game wasn’t the smartest move. If I had let him win a few times, we might both have wanted to stick around longer.
“You’re how old, seventeen . . . eighteen? That’s a bit anal for your age, isn’t it?” Bane arched one eyebrow as he placed his cue into the holder next to mine.
“I’ll be eighteen in December, and I’m used to him being like that at this point. It doesn’t really bother me.”
“What he doesn’t know won’t hurt him?” The corner of Bane’s mouth curled into a mischievous grin. 
“Trust me, he’d find out some way, some how. The man is practically psychic.” 
My master was psychic. He could read my thoughts if I was anywhere within a ten mile radius.
“Aww, come on. Live a little.” Bane pressed on.
“I’d rather not.” I sighed, quickly becoming exhausted at his attempts to get me to cave into peer pressure. The influence of others was rarely a persuading factor for me. “Now, your choices are that we can go somewhere and talk, or we can go home.”
“I’ll take the first one,” he paused. “Want to go sit in my car?”
“I’m surprised you wouldn’t rather sit in mine.” 
“Nah, I have my reasons,” he replied, an impish grin spreading across his face.
“Dare I ask what they are?” I questioned as we walked to the cashier to pick up his driver's license. 
“You can’t kick me out of my car.” 
I couldn’t help but smile at the implication of his response. 
We walked out into the parking lot and climbed into Bane's black Dodge Charger. It was new, like my Corvette, an obvious statement, along with the way that he dressed, that his parents were wealthy. The leather of his car seats still had that new-car smell about them, not to mention the inside of the car was spotless, as if it had just been driven off of the sales lot. He obviously took very good care of the vehicle.
Bane watched my face and waited for me to respond to the car, but I said nothing. “Not as nice as yours,” he started to say.
“No,” I interrupted, “it’s a nice car.”
He stuck the key in the ignition and rolled down both of our windows, then he reclined in his seat. “Music or air conditioner?”
“No, I’m fine,” I replied.
“What do you want to talk about?
“I’m still interested in finding out what’s going on with Deblin . . . I want to be her friend, but that’s hard when I don’t understand what’s going on with her,” I tried to sound concerned.
“And that’s of little interest to me.” He smiled at me sarcastically, indicating that it was best if I dropped the subject. “How about we talk about you and I instead?”
“What’s there to talk about?” I sighed, expressing boredom at the subject.
Bane shifted his weight so that he was facing me in an awkwardly uncomfortable looking position. Then he reached out one pale hand to caress my cheek. I caught his hand about an inch before it reached my face and gently threw it back at him.
“Don’t touch,” I said seriously.
“Ouch,” he hissed, “cold as ice.”
I wasn’t sure if he was referring to my rejecting actions or the unnaturally cool touch of my hand against his skin. “I should get going,” I said as I opened the door and climbed out of the car. I obviously wasn’t going to be getting anymore information from him tonight. His actions spoke loudly about the only thing on his mind.
Bane stepped out of his car and called across to me as I started walking away. “I’m sorry. Come back, please.”
“I’ll talk to you later Bane.” I waved over my shoulder and kept on walking. 
There were a few things that I now knew. Something about Deblin made Bane wish that she wasn't with Aiden, and I highly doubted that it was her lack of fashion sense. I pondered on what it may be. Did her insecurity keep them from hanging out together like best friends normally would? That was usually one of the reasons that a best friend didn't like who their friend was dating. She also could be hurting his image at school. After all, Deblin didn't look like a popular kid, and with that personality, it was almost a given that she wasn't. And what were all of these problems that Bane had spoken about. I could only imagine a list of mental disorders: manic depression, social anxiety, bi-polar disorder, perhaps. It was too early to speculate without knowing more about her. Whatever the case, I was now more certain that I had made the right choice in choosing to target Deblin.

If you liked this story, you should read Sunset High: The Novel


A MONTH WITH WEREWOLVES: SERIAL 1


No civilian had ever been inside the Blackfoot Werewolf Reservation before. They called it a reservation, but it was more like a relaxed concentration camp where werewolves were separated from the rest of society to live out their lives peacefully until a cure was found for their condition. 
I had little interest in the subject until I was offered a chance to investigate the reservation for a journalism piece. Since no civilian had ever been allowed inside of the reservation, my report would gain worldwide recognition. It would be my big break, skyrocketing a career that I had been working hard at for the past five years. 
As I pulled up to the reservation, I took a deep breath. The outside of it looked like a prison, with a thirteen foot high parameter fence surrounding the one thousand acres of land. There was a small compound that I had to go through before I could get to the reservation itself. I would stay there for my first night, learning how the place was run before they took me inside to live out the rest of the month with the werewolves.
“Identification, please,” a security guard requested as I drove up to the gate leading into the compound.
“I'm Taya Raveen, journalist for the National News Network,” I replied with a smile, handing the guard my work badge and driver's license. 
His body language emitted nothing but coldness towards me as he gazed down at my cards with a deadpan expression before handing them back to me. “If you'll hang a right at the next turn and follow the road, you'll come to the Visitors Center. There are signs leading the way. You can park your car out front, then go sign up for a Visitor's badge at the front desk.”
I nodded politely before putting my yellow Volkswagon Bettle in drive and continuing down the road. If it weren't for the signs pointing the way, I probably would have driven right past the Visitors Center. All the buildings in the compound looked the same, small and tan on the outside. The only distinguishing characteristic was the Visitors Center sign next to the door. 
I pulled into the parking lot and made my way inside to the front desk. Another less than excited security guard took my identification again before handing me a plain white clip on badge with the word Visitor printed on it in bold. 
“Take a seat,” he said, gesturing towards a set of four black leather chairs that faced each other in front of his desk. 
“Thank you,” I responded courteously before flopping into one of them and pulling out my camera. 
There wasn't much to see in the Visitors Center, so my picture-taking was short. Just a few framed photos of wolves on the walls, gazing down upon me with very human eyes. I imagined that they were images of the werewolves in their wolf form. Out of boredom and curiosity, I stood to examine them more closely. This was a part of the process that I wouldn't be seeing since I would be pulled from the reservation before the next full moon. 
A door at the back of the Visitors Center opened, and a man stepped through it wearing a pair of starched khakis and a white button-down shirt. He looked young, in his late twenties, with slicked down blonde hair and a pair of round framed glasses. 
“Ms. Raveen?” he asked, not even bothering to look at the clipboard that the security guard offered to him. 
“Yes.” I turned, preparing to extend my hand as he approached. 
“I'm John Edward, lead coordinator. I will be your guide today.” He shook my hand firmly, giving me the warmest smile I had seen since entering the compound. “Are you ready to begin the tour?”
“Yes, thank you.” I nodded, preparing to follow him out of the door from whence he had come. 
“Did you have a nice drive up here?” John asked as we walked through a small maze of identical buildings.
“Yes. It's beautiful country.”
“That it is.” 
My eyes wandered while we walked, wondering how long it took employees to memorize the layout of the compound with so few distinguishing landmarks. Surely, there was a map that they gave new hires to help them find their way around.
“It's a rather confusing place,” I commented.
“It can be, if you're not familiar with it,” he admitted, leading me to the door of one of the buildings and then facing me to begin his speech. “This is the Containment Center. Whenever a detainee is brought in, we hold them here until after the full moon to make sure that they are actually infected. It can be a long process for some, but there's unfortunately no scientific way to determine if someone has the lycanthropy disease, so observation is key.” 
Inside the first room was a small desk with a security guard. This man appeared to be friendlier than the last two, his eyes lighting up as we walked through the door.
“Hey John,” he greeted in a voice that suggested he didn't get a lot of visitors.
“Hey Johnny,” John replied.
My eyes darted to the security guard's name tag. It must be interesting to have the same name as someone else, I thought, happy that my name was unique, even though I wasn't a big fan of it. 
“How is our detainee today?” John asked.
“He's holding up pretty well. Would you like to see him?” 
“That's what we're here for,” he said politely.
“Then come on through.” The security guard waved us towards a metal detector, taking my camera so that I could pass without setting it off. 
We walked down a short hallway that opened up into an area that consisted of three large jail cells. In each one was an uncomfortable-looking bed, a sink, a toilet with a half-wall in front of it, and a shower without a door. 
John led me inside one of the unoccupied cells for a better view. “This is where the detainees stay until we are certain whether or not they are infected. Now I know that it doesn't seem like much, but please remember that we don't get a whole lot of government funding for this project. Detainees are given three square meals a day, providing them with all the nutrition that they need to remain healthy. If they become ill, they are treated by our resident doctor, and they are also given books to keep them entertained during their detention, as well as the ability to watch the two provided televisions.” He gestured to two small televisions mounted outside of the cells on the corners of the walls. Then he pressed a panel on the wall to demonstrate how the detainees could operate the televisions from inside their cells.
“Are they allowed time outside of their cells while they are waiting to find out if they have the disease?” I asked while snapping a few photos of the bathroom area. It was barely enough to give the detainees privacy.
“Yes. We have an outdoor recreation area that they are allowed to use one hour out of every day. I'll take you to it later.”
I nodded, following John out the sliding glass door and down to the cell at the end where there was a young man sitting on his bed reading a book. He glanced up at us for a moment and then went back to reading as if we weren't even there. 
John lowered his voice when he spoke this time, “This is Christopher Abbot. He was brought in about three weeks ago. He had his first confined shift yesterday. A bit later today, the medical team will come collect him for further processing before he is released into the reservation.” He raised his voice then. “You came at a good time. You'll get to see Chris's introduction into the Blackfoot pack tomorrow. That should give you some good material.”
I nodded, staring into the boy's nervous looking blue eyes, which avoided us at all costs. He was attractive, with shaggy sandy blonde hair and a tan complexion. The longer I gazed upon him, the more I could feel my cheeks growing warm, and I was never happier when John indicated that he was ready to move on with the tour. 
The next building that he took me to was right across from the first. It was about the same size, though it was divided differently, with a viewing area in the front separating an expansive room in the back. It looked like a typical interrogation room that you would see in the movies except for that the walls were marred with deep claw marks. 
“This is the shifting room. We bring the detainees here during the full moon to monitor their shift. If they turn, then we leave them here until the next morning, at which point we continue with their processing. If they stay here all night and do not shift, we release them back into the general public the following day,” John explained.
“How often have you detained someone by mistake?” I asked curiously, imaging how ticked off the innocent person would be to have been put through such a process.
“It's only happened a handful of times. Most of the time, the werewolves are easily enough to detain. The ones that have been turned through a bite usually give themselves away when they end up at the hospital or the doctor's office for it. Werewolf bites are almost always severe enough for the person to be forced to seek medical attention. For those that don't contract the disease through a bite, after their first shift, they typically are reported by a person who has either seen them shift or has witnessed them in wolf form. Werewolves are about four times the size of a normal wolf, so there's no question about the difference.”
“Interesting. Are more werewolves detained in cities or in the country?”
“Most of the ones we've detained have lived in small country towns. There have been a couple we have detained from the city. Most of those stories you've seen on the news. We estimate that the majority of free roaming werewolves probably live in rural areas however, secluded, and as far away from civilization as possible to avoid detainment. Shall we go inside?” He gestured to the door that led to the containment area, which was made of thick steel.
“Yes, please,” I replied before snapping a few pictures of the viewing area.
“As you can see, we use a one way mirror to do our observations.” He pointed to the long panel that we had been gazing through in the other room. 
There wasn't much to see. Just a table and a chair, typical of a regular interrogation room. I imagined that it must be horrible to be locked up inside, waiting for the full moon to rise with no indication as to when it was coming. This must be one of the scarier parts of the processing.
When I was done taking pictures, we moved on to the next building, which was a small medical facility. There were two examination rooms, one used for staff and the other for the detained werewolves. The two set ups were almost identical except for that in the werewolf examination room, all the supplies and tools were removed. John said that it was for the protection of the medical staff.
Behind the examination rooms was a much larger surgery suite. It looked well equipped to handle most of what the reservation had to throw at them. John stood behind the operating table with his hand resting on the thick blue cushion.
“When someone is detained under the suspicion of possessing the lycanthropy disease, they are brought to the medical facility for a full-on evaluation of their physical health. After it is distinguished that they have the lycanthropy disease, males are brought here for a vasectomy and females are given birth control.”
This shocked me a bit. I had never read about werewolf pregnancy prevention in any of the reports during my research. Giving the males vasectomies seemed a bit extreme.
“Why not just employ the use of condoms?” I questioned curiously.
“We did that in the beginning, but the werewolves have a tendency to mate after they shift. In that situation, condoms obviously aren't effective. We find that giving the males vasectomies has been the easiest and most cost effective way to control reproduction. Since the reservation was established, we've only had two live births. Both infants were born werewolves, and both of them died early on. It's in everyone's best interest if we prevent that from happening again.”
“Why did they die?”
“Well, the first one we left with the mother. During its first shift, some of the other wolves killed it. The second one passed away from illness.”
“I see,” I replied thoughtfully. 
“That's pretty much it for processing,” John told me as he led me out the door.
We walked towards a fenced-in courtyard, which I could only assume was the outdoor recreation area. It had a small track and some pull up bars. After John confirmed its purpose, he led me to the cafeteria where I would be having my meals and then took me to the parameter fence to show me the security measures that had been implemented.
There was a room filled with television screens where security personnel monitored the parameter of the reservation. John explained that, during the full moon, armed guards were stationed alongside the thirteen foot high fences to ensure none of the wolves tried to escape. He told me that any wolf that came within ten feet of the fence was tranquilized. That went for when the werewolves were in human form too.
When the tour was over, I was allowed to roam freely around the compound. To my surprise, my badge worked on most of the doors that were for authorized personnel only. I returned to the Containment Center to interview Chris Abbot, but it appeared that they had already removed him for surgery. Oh well, I'd have plenty of time to talk to him inside of the reservation.
After I was done taking pictures of the compound and documenting my findings, I went to the cafeteria for an early dinner. I had been so involved in my work that I had completely forgotten to take a lunch. It was important that I didn't miss a thing though.
Apparently, John decided to either take a late lunch or an early dinner as well. He waved me over to where he was sitting once I collected my tray of salisbury steak, powdered mashed potatoes, canned green beans, and some sauce that was so dark it almost looked like tar. 
“This place will never win a Michelin Star,” John said, noticing my less than enthusiastic expression towards the food.
“Looks like typical cafeteria food to me.” I slid onto the bench across from him.
“Wait til you taste it. Typical would be a blessing.” He grinned at his own joke. “How's your report going?”
“Well.” I cut into an excessively soft piece of steak, my once ferocious appetite suddenly waning from closer observation of the food. “I'm going to interview some of the personnel here after dinner. One thing I was wondering though, where do they conduct research for a cure to the lycanthropy disease and how is that research progressing?”
John gave his mashed potatoes a grave look, and I couldn't tell if it was because he detested the food, or because he knew I wasn't going to like what he had to say next. “Off the record,” he began, “it's hard to come up with a treatment for a disease when you can't find its source.”
“I thought you said that the disease passed through a bite.”
“A bite, or sexually transmitted. But there's nothing any different from their blood than there is with ours. No extra pieces to the puzzle that would give the source of the disease away. The only time they change genetic code is when they shift, but the truth is that most infection happens when they're in human form. The largest cause for the disease spreading is sexual contact. Most of the time, it happens before the person is even aware that they're infected. Kind of like HIV.”
“So are you saying that the government has given up on trying to find a cure?”
“No.” John shook his head. “But research is carried out away from the compound. We take blood and tissue samples here and send them away to be studied. When one of the werewolves die, their body is sent away as well. For all the years we've been doing this, we've never even been close to finding a cure. I don't think it's a top priority of the government. One thing I do know is that government funding has been drastically cut on the research side. In the beginning, they had a team of scientists working to find a cure. Now, they're down to only two.”
“It sounds like they have given up.” I thought for a minute, wondering how hopeful for a cure that the people inside the reservation would be. From outside, it sounded like they might as well plan to be imprisoned for the rest of their lives.
“Think what you will.” Johns fork made a loud clank against the plastic plate as he stabbed a green bean. “You might want to mention in your report that government funding appears to be sparse, but don't mention where you got that information from.”
I nodded, returning to my food and my thoughts. When we were finished eating, John went back to work, and I went on to interview some of his co-workers. Everyone seemed relatively happy, giving glowing descriptions of their job and the compound. I was certain that they had been coached on what to say. Most employees were when it came to media coverage. 
After I was done with my interviews, I returned to my room to compile my report. My findings were favorable. To be honest, I couldn't think of a much better way to handle the werewolf problem. They seemed to be treated fairly, but I had to remember that this was only a small piece of the puzzle. The compound was just a gateway to the reservation. Detainees lived a strict month of confinement, which I could only imagine was frightening and miserable. After that, they spent a lifetime on the other side of the fence, a one thousand-acre prison. 
My only real complaint about the processing of detainees was the vasectomies given to the males. That would definitely end up in my report, since it was something that hadn't been discussed anywhere else in the media. If one looked at it from a realistic standpoint though, it only made sense that they would go about birth prevention in such a way, considering that there was no cure in sight. That was the secret hidden message behind giving the males vasectomies. There was no cure, nor was any progress being made towards one.
Lack of proper government funding was another issue I planned on tackling. There needed to be more people researching the disease. Perhaps it wasn't a widespread epidemic, but the werewolves were being held captive for fault not of their own. It wasn't fair for them to have to live this way without any sign of hope.
I sighed as I stared up at the ceiling of my small room, wondering what tomorrow would bring. To be honest with myself, I was a bit nervous about being sent into the reservation. Would the werewolves resent me for being an outsider? Would they detest their confinement? Surely, the government wouldn't have agreed to send me in if it wasn't safe. 
Knowing that I wouldn't sleep if left to my own devices, I took two sleeping pills to knock myself out. My alarm seemed to go off too soon in the morning, and I arose groggy, hoping that it would be an easy day. With a whole month inside of the reservation, I would have plenty of time to interview everyone without feeling rushed.
There were only a handful of my belongings that I was allowed to take inside of the reservation with me. My toothbrush, my hairbrush, my camera, and a notebook and pen. Everything else would be provided to me once inside.
John escorted me to a small shack outside of the reservation where I was given a hideous yellow jumpsuit to wear. I was also issued three additional jumpsuits, seven pairs of underwear, three bras, eight pairs of plain white socks, and a pair of slip on sneakers. He said that the clothes that weren't on my body would be delivered to my room inside of the reservation. 
“We limit the provisions that the werewolves are given for safety reasons,” John explained, forgetting to mention what those reasons were before continuing. “Male werewolves are assigned blue jumpsuits. Females are assigned red jumpsuits. Medical personnel wear purple. Compound staff wear gray. And we've ordered this yellow one especially for you.” He smiled as if he thought I would fall in love with my new attire. 
That seems a bit prisonesque, I wanted to say, but I dare not insult their work. Perhaps this would be something else to go into my report. It felt like not allowing the werewolves to wear normal clothing would strip them of their sense of individuality and freedom.
After I was dressed, John led me to the gate that stood as entryway into the reservation. From the corner of my eye, I could see two more personnel escorting someone in a blue jumpsuit towards us. It was Chris Abbot, scowling as he walked up to meet us.
“Resident alpha Emmett will take you on a tour of the reservation. Then Devon, resident omega, will be your guide for the rest of your time inside of the reservation,” John said, and I wasn't sure if he was talking to both of us or just me. “Open the gates,” he called to the guard who controlled the gate. 
The gate squeaked on its wheels as it rolled open, revealing an athletic man in a blue jumpsuit on the other side. He stood with an inviting smile, and I felt a sense of relief wash over me at the genuine appearance of it. 
Chris's displeased expression didn't waver. Then again, the situation was quite different for him. While I was only going to be locked in with the werewolves for a month, this was a life sentence for him. Once he stepped inside those gates, he'd never be able to leave. I couldn't even imagine what that must feel like.
“This is Emmett Kennedy, resident alpha,” John introduced us. Like a perfect gentleman, Emmett extended his hand in greeting. “Emmett has been part of the Blackfoot Werewolf Reservation project since he was eighteen. How old are you now, Emmett?”
“Thirty seven,” he replied without hesitation, his perfect teeth gleaming in the sun. It was obvious that the werewolves did not lack dental care.
“This is Taya Raveen,” John told Emmet, “journalist for the National News Network. She'll be staying with you guys for the month. And this is Chris Abbot.” He turned his attention to Chris. “He's the new addition to your pack. Please make him feel as welcome as possible in his new home.”
“Will do,” Emmett replied, motioning for us to follow him.
I noticed that it wasn't until Chris was inside of the reservation that the guards backed away from him, allowing the gates to close behind us. This was it; my true journey into the lives of the werewolves was about to begin.
Emmett was quick to regain our attention, drawing it away from the ominous gate behind us. “First, I'll show you guys all the common areas.”
His pace was faster than I would have liked, but Chris and I did our best to keep up. For the most part, the buildings looked the same as they had in the compound, tan and plain on the outside. Plaques near the doors distinguished them from one another.
“We'll start with the less exciting stuff,” Emmett said with amusement in his voice. “This building is the laundry facility.” He opened the door to allow us entry. Instead of the standard washing machines lining the walls, there was a female attendant in a red jumpsuit standing at a counter, much like you would see at the cleaners. “The laundry facility is open seven days a week from eight in the morning until four thirty in the afternoon. The facility is closed on holidays. You'll be assigned a specified day of the week to bring your laundry in. You'll drop it off that day and pick it up the next. If you miss your specified day, you'll be forced to wear dirty clothing until the next week.”
I hardly listened as Emmett introduced us to the woman, too busy jotting down notes to pay much attention to her. This would be important for me to remember, not only for my report but for my own cleanliness.
“Why aren't detainees allowed to wash their own clothing?” I asked, glancing up just in time to see Emmett's mouth dip into a scowl.
“I would appreciate if you didn't refer to us as detainees,” he rebuked me.
“Apologies. I wasn't thinking,” I replied quickly, understanding the error of my words. Still, this place looked a lot like a prison, both on the inside and outside. It was hard not to think of the residents in such a way.
“We actually used to have a full laundromat,” Emmett continued, though the tension didn't leave his voice. “But there were issues with some people using too much soap and washing their clothing too frequently, so the compound officials decided to start regulating laundry.”
I hummed in reply, too intimidated by Emmett to ask any further questions until I was certain he had cooled off from my last one. It was obvious to me why he was the alpha of the group. Tall and broad, Emmett emitted a sense of power. His dark features helped him look the part, with shoulder length wavy black hair, large brown eyes, and a smattering of ebony chest hair peaking out from the collar of his jumpsuit.
The next building that Emmett took us to was a small recreation facility. Tables and chairs were set up inside, with a ping-pong table and an air hockey table the main attractions. There was also a basket full of various balls in one of the corners. Volleyballs, basketballs, tennis balls, and those large round inflatable bouncing balls for children. It looked a bit underwhelming, but better than nothing. I took note of the surveillance cameras lining all four corners of the room. The compound didn't seem to trust the werewolves with anything.
“This is our rec. room,” Emmett told us. “We hold a ping-pong tournament every Thursday night and an air hockey tournament on Friday nights. It's a good way to wind down and socialize. Once a month, the compound throws us a pizza party in here. They even provide alcohol, a rare treat. Otherwise, alcohol and tobacco products aren't allowed inside of the reservation. The Rec Room is open twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week, for our enjoyment,” Emmett informed us before ushering us out of the door and to our next destination. 
One of the larger buildings in the reservation, the cafeteria was filled with rows of wooden picnic tables, large enough to accommodate at least seventy-five people, though I knew the reservation only had fifty-three residents, not including myself. About half of the tables were occupied with werewolves, taking a break from their breakfast to stare at us while Emmett continued the tour as if they weren't even there. It was a bit nerve-wracking to feel so many eyes upon me, and I imagined that it probably made Chris just as uncomfortable, even though these would be his people soon enough. 
“This is the cafeteria. It's open seven days a week. Breakfast is served from eight to nine in the morning. The cafeteria closes at ten to prepare for lunch service. Then it's open from noon to two and again from five to seven. If you miss a meal time, you'll be forced to wait for the next.” Emmett walked us to the food line, where a woman behind the counter came to greet us. After a quick introduction, Emmett continued his speech. “All the food served here is grown inside of the reservation. I'll take you to the garden and the animal barn after this. 
“If you'll notice, there's a case behind the counter with various imported products. Candy bars, sodas, chips, and a few other things that come from the outside world. You can purchase them with job points, which you earn by working various jobs around the reservation. Each item in the case is worth one point. Chris, you won't be able to earn job points until you've been here for a week. Taya, you've already been assigned thirty job points to accommodate for your stay with us, since we won't be expecting you to take on any jobs. You earn one job point for every hour that you work, no matter which job you're working on. A list of all available jobs has been provided in each of your rooms. Some jobs are obviously more sought after than others. For those jobs, people are rotated in and out based on their place in the pack hierarchy. For less favorable jobs, the ones that no one wants, pack members are sometimes force assigned jobs. Usually, forced assignment only happens to those who don't typically take on jobs, so it pays to be an active worker in our community if you don't want to spend your days mucking stables.” Emmett grinned, obviously thinking of some familiar incident that was lost on us.
“So, not everyone has to work?” I questioned.
He thought for a moment. “Well, not exactly. At some point or another, everyone works. If you want privileges and a better life, you work for it, the same as you would on the outside world. But if you're fine with the basics, you can get away with not working until you get a forced assignment. You'll still have a roof over your head and three square meals a day.”
“And how are job points kept? I mean, how do they monitor that you've actually done the work?"
“In case you haven't noticed, there are security cameras everywhere,” Emmett replied in a tone that was borderline mocking. I was liking his arrogance less and less. “We log our job points in at the various computer stations around the reservation. Then, someone in the compound reviews the video tapes to make sure that the job time logged is accurate. Like on the outside world, job points are held back a week so that they can be verified before they are paid out.”
Chris's scowl deepened in realization that it would be at least two more weeks before he was allowed any of the comforts he had been afforded in his life before being captured. Then again, he had been without most of them for a month already. What was another two weeks?
Emmett led us out of the cafeteria and down a dirt path towards a large barn. Behind it was a fenced in pasture where cows roamed, eating grass and mooing happily. I could hear chickens clucking as well, though I couldn't see them.
After a brief tour of the barn, Emmett took us to the garden, which spanned at least an acre on its own. It seemed that every vegetable under the sun was being grown there. Plenty for everyone. 
When our tour was finally over, Emmett led us to the residential area. It looked like a small apartment complex, with units stacked on top of one another. We went to Chris's room first, a second-floor efficiency that wasn't impressive in the least. Fully furnished, it was only slightly bigger than the cell he had been staying in during his detainment inside of the compound, with a full-size bed in the living room, a loveseat with a coffee table, a thirty-two-inch plasma TV mounted into the wall, and a small bathroom. There wasn't even a kitchen. 
I glanced at Chris to see his reaction, but he didn't look surprised, holding onto the same scowl he had worn all day. His blue eyes flitted to a small stack of papers on the coffee table, and he sat down on the loveseat to take them in hand.
“This is the basic efficiency unit,” Emmett explained. “As you can see, it has everything that you'd need to survive, though it is a bit cramped. There isn't a kitchen because the compound prefers all meals to be eaten in the cafeteria. There are two larger rooms that you can purchase with job points. There's a one-bedroom suite, which Ms. Raveen will be staying in. That one costs sixty-six job points per month. Then there's also a two-bedroom suite that costs eighty-one job points a month. Needless to say, they're both very affordable for those willing to put in the work time.”
It was a good incentive to get people to work. I certainly couldn't see living out the rest of my life in a room so small. 
We moved on to my suite with Chris reluctantly dragged behind. If not for his curiosity, I think he would have preferred to stay in his own room and settle in, but I was sure he was wondering what a larger suite would offer, just as much as I was. 
In terms of size, my suite was about twice that of his room. In fact, his entire room could fit in my living room alone. My suite was lavishly furnished with a fifty-inch plasma television, a DVD player, a mini fridge, a sturdy looking oak coffee table, a black leather loveseat and a matching rocking chair with ottoman. The bedroom was the same size as the living room, with a queen-size bed instead of a full-size, two bedside tables, a dresser for storing clothes, and a desk and chair in one corner of the room. Even the bathroom was twice the size as the one in the efficiency. Where Chris's bathroom was cramped and only had a shower, mine had a big bathtub and plenty of room to move around.
“Now you can see how working pays off, huh?” Emmett jabbed Chris in the ribs with his elbow, trying to get a reaction. When his efforts fell flat, he continued, “Now, not all of these things come with the larger room. A lot of them are upgrades, like the big-screen TV, the leather sofa, and the paintings on the walls. Each luxury item costs additional job points per month. All in all, this room's set up is worth seventy-eight points a month. Still very affordable, if you ask me.”
Chris nodded, and I could see the wheels turning in his head. He wanted a room like this one.
To be honest, it did seem affordable enough. For less than two weeks of full-time labor, the larger suites were pretty cheap by all accounts. On the outside, people had to worry about paying for food and other various bills. That wasn't the case in the reservation. All the job points were completely expendable.
“Well, that's about it for the tour. Tonight we're going to let you guys settle in and wander around on your own. Tomorrow night there's a feast being held to welcome Chris into the pack. Then, in a week, we'll have hierarchy trials to see where he fits in. It's an exciting event for most, and one of the few chances you'll get to dethrone the alphas and betas.”
“Are there any benefits to being an alpha?” I questioned.
“Some,” Emmett replied thoughtfully. “I think the biggest perk is the house. Alphas get their own free standing home filled with all the luxury items, and they get a monthly ration of job points so that they don't have to work the regular jobs. An alpha's job is to keep the peace, to report any strange findings or disobedience to the compound personnel, to respond to emergencies, and enforce the rules.”
“So, basically, you're like the reservation police.”
“Pretty much. And you can think of betas as the deputies. They do the same thing, but report to the alphas. The two resident betas live in a duplex. It's a two bedroom with its own backyard and all the luxury items. Betas are given half of the allowance of job points that alphas are given. Betas are also responsible for helping with monthly livestock pickup.”
“Monthly live stock pickup?” I cocked an eyebrow.
“Yes.” There was a twinge of discomfort in his explanation. “Before the full moon, all the livestock has to be removed from the reservation.”
“Oh.” I completely understood without having to question it further. During the shift, the werewolves lost control of themselves. Keeping to their wolf-like instincts, it only made sense that they would harm the livestock. “And what about omegas? John told me that I would have an omega as my guide for the rest of the month.”
“Ahh yes.” Emmett's lips creased in amusement. “You do not want to be an omega,” he told Chris. “Omegas stay in the basic efficiency unit with no chance of upgrading because they don't earn job points. Therefore, they're also not entitled to luxury items or items from the case in the cafeteria. Plus, they're force assigned a forty hour a week workweek, and they're given the most unfavorable jobs.”
“That sounds horrible.” I screwed my face in disbelief.
Emmett shrugged. “That's just how we do things here, and why it's best not to be an omega. Luckily, the omegas get a chance to redeem themselves each time a new member is brought on. Through hard work and discipline, most omegas work harder than anyone else to come up in the ranks. It's very rare that the same person stays an omega for more than one term.”
“And how does one become an omega?” Chris asked, obviously wanting to avoid such a fate.
“It's determined during the hierarchy trials. The hierarchy trials are a test of strength, skill, and intelligence. A pack member can earn up to ten points in each category. The man and woman with the most points are given position of alpha. The man and women with the second most points are given the position of beta. And the man and woman with the least amount of points are given the position of omega. In case of a tie, the winner is determined through a memory challenge.” Emmett looked at me with a smile. “For the fun of it, we're allowing you to participate in the hierarchy trials.”
“Sounds exciting,” I replied. To be honest, I would much rather be documenting the trials than participating in them, though when in Rome. . .
Emmett and Chris said their brief farewells and left me to my thoughts. I decided to document as much of the tour as I could remember before going to lunch. Afterward, I'd go back and take pictures of all the various facilities I had been shown. While I could have done it during the tour, I didn't want to interrupt Emmett or put him behind schedule. 
When I walked into the cafeteria, I found Emmett and Chris sitting together with a small group of werewolves. Chris looked as miserable as ever, keeping his face down in his plate and focusing only on eating while the other werewolves talked around him. As soon as I had collected my own tray, Emmett motioned at me to come sit with them.
All eyes were on me as I strode through the rows of picnic tables, and I felt incredibly awkward knowing that they all viewed me as an outsider, someone who didn't belong. I took the seat opposite of Chris, sliding in next to a leggy blonde with her hair tied into a pony tail. She smiled warmly at me as I sat.
“Ms. Raveen, this is Terry, female alpha.” Emmett motioned to the woman sitting next to him. “And this is Margaret and Rick, the betas.”
Rick reached behind Margaret to shake my hand, displaying surprising enthusiasm at the introduction. “Nice to meet you, ma'am.” His gray eyes flashed sincerity. 
“Likewise,” I nodded, trying to remain ever poised.
“I hear you're some big-city reporter,” Terry said, her voice as sweet as honey.
“I suppose you could say that.”
“It's nice for someone to come tell our story for once. Maybe it will get them to work on a cure faster.” 
My heart sank at her words, knowing that the government wasn't working near hard enough on it. “I certainly hope so.”
“So, what all are you going to be doing while on the reservation?” Rick asked, leaning forward so that he could see me over Margaret.
“Mainly taking photographs and documenting my findings. I'd like to interview you guys one on one later, if you don't mind. I'm interested in gathering your opinions on how the reservation is operated and your levels of contentment.”
“She sounds so professional,” Terry guffawed, making me feel embarrassed. I was completely out of my element and didn't know how else to act. “You can loosen up around us,” she told me. “We're normal everyday people. We just have a little something extra special, that's all.”
I admired her lightheartedness and decided that I liked her. Hopefully, most of the other werewolves would share her optimism and friendliness. 
Throughout lunch, Emmett and his group did their best to make me feel at home, avoiding talk about what was going on outside of the reservation. I was certain it wouldn't last for long though. Curiosity had a habit of getting the best of people.
After lunch, I did a walk around the reservation, snapping photographs of all the places that Emmett had shown us. The pack members who were working towards earning job points were at their posts, tending to the garden, milking the cows, and doing whatever other assignments were available. There had been a decent list of them provided in the pamphlet left in my room, enough to keep most of the pack members occupied while they tried to better their lives inside of the reservation. 
When I returned to my room to wash up before dinner, I was surprised to find Chris sitting on the steps leading up to my suite. He dropped his scowl when he saw me approach, though his face didn't seem capable of picking up into a smile.
“Hi,” I said, pausing on the steps for him to stand up.
“Hey,” Chris replied, nervously rubbing the back of his neck. “Um, I'm sorry to bother you, but I wanted to ask you for a favor.”
“Come on in.” I pushed past him to open the door. There were no locks on any of the doors. Despite that fact, I still caught myself checking for keys out of habit.
“That's probably going to take me a while to get used to too,” Chris commented in a friendlier tone than I had heard him use before.
“It's definitely different.” I found my way inside and took a seat on the leather upholstered chair.
Chris appeared to be all nerves while he slowly closed the door behind himself and then sat on the loveseat, staring down at his hands as if he might turn to stone if our eyes met. 
“How are you settling in?” I asked, trying to break him out of his shell.
“As well as can be expected, I suppose.” He shrugged.
“Everyone seems nice.”
“Nice enough.”
“So, you had something to ask me?”
“Yeah,” Chris hesitated. “It's going to be a week before I can earn job points, and another week before I'll actually get them. I was wondering if I could borrow one of yours . . . for a soda. I'll pay you back before you leave.”
“Sure. Don't worry about paying me back. I doubt I'll use all the points they gave me anyway. If there's anything else that you need or want while I'm here, feel free to ask.” I smiled at him, a blush quickly warming my cheeks from being in his presence. Now I was the one averting his eyes, even though he wasn't looking at me. 
“Thanks.” I could hear the relief in Chris's voice, and when I looked up, our eyes met for a fleeting moment before he turned away. “If you want to interview me now, you can. I mean, since I'm already here.”
“Oh, yeah, that would be great,” I stumbled over my words, feeling my own nervousness building the longer we were alone together. Haphazardly, I scrambled for my notebook, flipping it open to a blank page. “If you don't mind, I'd like to interview you now and also before I leave . . . to see how your feelings about the reservation change over time.”
“I doubt they'll change much,” he grumbled.
I watched the scowl return, hesitating for a moment before I began, “Let's start with your age.”
“I'm twenty-two.” 
“How did you contract the lycanthropy disease?”
Chris's face lost its anger, and I could detect a hint of sadness in his eyes. “My fiancé gave it to me.”
Damn. I knew he was too good looking to not have a girlfriend.
“Then, it was sexually transmitted?”
“Yes. But like a lot of other werewolves, she didn't know she had it.”
“She's not here on the reservation, is she?” I questioned cautiously, remembering how he hadn't seemed to recognize anyone while we were at lunch or on the tour. 
“No.”
“Where is she now?”
“It's a sensitive subject,” he said with tension apparent in his voice. Pressing the subject obviously wasn't a good idea.
“Alright, well, let's move on then. We can come back to that whenever you feel more comfortable talking about it. What do you think of the reservation so far?”
“It seems like a glorified prison to me. My fiancé had the right idea.” Chris's eyes darkened.
“What do you mean she had the right idea?”
“Can we get that soda now?” He looked away from me. “I don't think I'm quite ready to talk about all of this yet. It's a bit too soon.”
“Sure.” I closed my notebook and set it on the coffee table, a bit disappointed. He had been the one that had suggested the interview, not me. It didn't seem right that he'd pull out of it. Still, I had to consider that this was all new to Chris and probably a bit overwhelming. Maybe we could try again in a couple of days.
We walked side by side toward the cafeteria. It wasn't until I purchased his soda and we came back outside that he spoke again. “So, what made you want to cover this story, out of curiosity?”
The truth was on my lips, but I knew he would hate me for saying it—him and the rest of the werewolves. How could I confess that I only wanted the story because it would elevate my career—that I hadn't given a damn about the werewolves plight until coming here?
“I thought it was an interesting story that hadn't gotten enough coverage.” It wasn't exactly a lie, but it wasn't the full truth either. 
“Do you think it will really make a difference?” Chris lowered his voice. “You know as well as I do that they're not actually working on a cure for the lycanthropy disease.”
I was taken back by this. How did he know? I hadn't even known until John had told me, and I had researched the compound, medical journals, and history of the disease before coming.
“Maybe they'll try harder once the report is out,” I said, hopeful.
“I doubt it.” Chris twisted the top off his soda and took a long drink. “You know how people out there are. Hell, you're probably just like me . . . didn't give a damn about all of this until you had to become involved in it.” He gestured to our surroundings with the soda bottle before taking another drink. There was something really rough about the way that he was—something that I liked. 
“I have more work to do,” I stuttered, avoiding his gaze, which had landed on my face to gauge my reaction to his statement. 
“See you around, Mrs. Raveen.”
“It's Ms. Raveen,” I corrected him before walking to my room, completely forgetting that it was dinner time. By the time I remembered, I was too embarrassed to go back, unable to face Chris again until my nerves steadied. 
My decision led to a night filled with hunger pangs, and the only thing that distracted them were thoughts of Chris's mysterious story. He had a fiancé, but she wasn't at the reservation. That could only mean one of three things. She had either escaped capture, been sent to a different reservation, or been killed. The last two seemed highly unlikely. Werewolves were assigned to certain reservations based on the district they were captured in, and if Chris had contracted the lycanthropy disease through sexual contact, then she probably lived in the same district as him. 
The murder option wasn't very probable either. It was extremely rare that werewolves were killed by the authorities. Most of the cases of werewolf murder occurred when a shifted wolf winded up on the property of a gun owner. Otherwise, the authorities did their best to tranquilize the beasts. 
The most logical explanation was that she had escaped. Chris said that she had the right idea. Perhaps she had begged him to come with her and he had declined, which led to her escape and his capture. 
The morning came too soon, and with no alarm clock, I had to rely on my wristwatch to wake me up on time. I didn't even have to wait for it to go off before there was a knock on my door. Groggily, I dragged myself out of bed, surprised that the bed wasn't a fraction as uncomfortable as it looked. 
As quickly as possible, I pulled a yellow jumpsuit over my undergarments. With no night clothes provided, I slept in my bra and underwear. I could only assume that was what everyone else had to do as well.
When I opened the door, a scrawny Hispanic man greeted me. His entire torso couldn't have been any wider than one of my thighs. Beneath a pair of thick rimmed glasses, his large brown eyes brightened at the sight of me, and an ear to ear grin spread across his thin lips. 
“Good morning, ma'am. My name is Devon Linkenshire. I'm the omega of the Blackfoot pack, and I'll be your guide for the remainder of your time here,” he said with a heavy accent.
Linkenshire. That name doesn't sound Hispanic at all. My eyes landed on a massive scar covering his right forearm. A moon of pink raised flesh left no question in my mind as to how Devon had contracted the lycanthropy disease. Good God, the beast must have been huge. 
“Wait here,” I muttered, not wanting to be bothered as I gathered my things. 
From the second I stepped out of my front door, Devon seemed absolutely fascinated with everything about me. From my camera, to my notebook, to my jumpsuit, he wanted to touch and examine it all. He was jittery and overly hyper, buzzing around me like a bee to a flower. By the time we reached the cafeteria, I was completely annoyed with him and never happier when I was invited to sit with the alphas and betas while he was forced to sit elsewhere.
“How'd you like Devon?” Emmett asked, cocking a half-smile. It was obvious he knew the answer without me having to speak it.
“He's a nice guy. A bit hyper, but nice,” I replied, throwing a glance in Devon's general direction. 
He sat with the misfits of the pack. Scrawny and unkempt, the other werewolves in his group listened to eagerly while he told the short tale of our introduction.
“How did you sleep last night?” Rick asked, pulling my attention back to the group.
“Well, thank you. And you, Chris, how did you sleep?”
Chris was busy scowling at his eggs. He had given me a nod of acknowledgment when I first sat down, but since then had ignored everyone, the same as he had the day before. It appeared that a good night's sleep did nothing to improve Chris's mood. Then again, maybe he didn't sleep well at all. Who was I to know? He glanced up at me for a moment, muttering something inaudible before returning his attention to his food, scarfing it down as if he hadn't eaten in weeks.
“Tonight you guys will be introduced to the rest of the pack. We'll be having a celebration of sorts in the rec. room,” Emmett told us.
“Sounds fun.” I smiled as genuinely as possible. “Will all the pack be there?
“They're supposed to be, but I'm sure one or two will stay behind. They always do.”
“Is going to the celebration mandatory?”
“Yes. Some don't care though.”
“If it's mandatory, are there any repercussions for those that do not attend?”
“Not so much for the ones at the base of the reservation. When the lone wolves don't attend, the compound usually sends a guard out to check on them the following day.”
“Lone wolves?” 
“Yes. Some werewolves choose to live deeper inside the reservation, away from the main pack.”
“And why is that?” My curiosity was piqued. 
“Mostly because they can't accept our way of life. They'd rather be alone.” I could tell by Emmett's furrowed brow that he was dissatisfied with the behavior of the lone wolves. 
“Can't you call them back to the pack, since you're the alpha?”
“They don't answer to any alpha. They don't even much follow reservation rules.”
These lone wolves were sounding more fascinating by the minute. “I should like to interview them.”
“Good luck with that.” Emmett let out a short laugh. “They're not the friendliest bunch of guys either.”
“So, they're all males?"
“Yes, there are three of them, all claiming their own territory towards the back of reservation.”
I thought for a moment. “Does the reservation provide them with housing?”
“No. They build their own. They also hunt off the land, do their own farming, and make their own weapons. All things that are supposed to be prohibited. I think the compound just lets them get away with it because they tend not to bother anyone else. As long as they stick to themselves, the compound doesn't seem to care.”
Even more fascinating. I would definitely like to see how these lone wolves lived and discover the reasons why they chose to be solitary. “Do you think you could take me to meet them in a few days?”
“That's Devon's job now,” Emmett told me, and I could hear a twinge of annoyance in his voice, as if escorting me around was now beneath him. 
I decided to begin my interviews later that day. With fifty-three werewolves to interview, I would be able to take my time. If I interviewed two a day, I would be doing good.
Since it was easiest, I decided to start with Devon. He was going to be trailing me like a shadow for the rest of my stay anyway, so it was probably a good idea to get to know more about him first. 
I decided to conduct the interview in Devon's room. As Emmett had informed me it would be, the room was bare bones, the same as Chris's. 
“Please, make yourself at home,” Devon said, his big eyes as excited as ever.
I sat on his loveseat and flipped open my notebook. To keep things easy, there were a few basic questions that I planned to ask all the werewolves. Anything else that came from their responses would be icing on the cake for my report.
“How old are you?” I began.
“Nineteen, ma'am,” Devon replied before taking a seat on his bed and fidgeting with his fingers. Whether it was because he was actually nervous or just had too much built-up energy, I couldn't tell. All I knew was that the boy could not sit still for the life of him.
“How long have you lived on the reservation?”
Devon looked up at the ceiling in thought for a moment. “About three years now.”
“So, you were sixteen when you contracted the lycanthropy disease?”
“Yes, ma'am.”
“How did you contract the lycanthropy disease?”
He held out his arm, showing me the gnarled pink scars where teeth had torn flesh and muscle all the way down to the bone. I scooted forward for a better look, instinctively reaching for my camera.
“Do you mind?” I asked, holding up the camera.
“No, ma'am.” Devon shook his head. “Let me know what you want me to do so that you can get the best pictures.”
I maneuvered his arm so that I could photograph the entire wound. The sheer size of it never ceased to amaze me. 
“I bet you were absolutely horrified when you got attacked,” I commented.
“Oh, I was. Scariest moment of me life, ma'am. The damn thing was huge. It still blows my mind that I transform into something that hideous and menacing. I mean, can you imagine, lil' ol' me, a big scary mean werewolf?” Devon batted his eyes in exaggeration, and I found it a bit disturbing.
I leaned back, releasing his arm to him. “So, tell me exactly what happened the night you were bitten. It did happen at night, did it not? Werewolves can only transform during the full moon.”
“That's correct, ma'am,” he said and then quickly cleared his throat before beginning his story. “I was watching a Big Bang Theory marathon.” Devon snorted as if he thought I'd find his geekiness amusing. “The dogs were making an awful racket outside. I was home by myself. You see, my parents were out to dinner. It was a Friday night.” A nervous look crept across his tanned face as he backtracked over the details he thought I wanted to know. “I tried to ignore them. You see, we lived out in the country, so the dogs tended to fuss anytime a raccoon or a possum would come into our yard. Finally, I heard one of the dogs yelp. It was Bessie. She was my favorite.” Concern filled his eyes as he stared blankly at my notebook, reliving the event in his head. “I ran to the backdoor to peer outside, and this ginormous wolf had her in its mouth. I can still remember the bastard. All white, with glowing red eyes, huge bloody fangs . . . and my dog, crying in its jaws, being crushed to death.”
Devon's eyes darted back up to me, wiping away the vivid memory before it caused him to tear. “I know I look like a coward, but in that moment, all that mattered to me was saving my dog's life.” He shook his head. “When I think about it now, it was a stupid decision. She was already dead. I mean, I could see her tongue hanging out from the side of her mouth, blood dripping down from her muzzle. One of the beast's teeth was planted deep into her gut. It was a lost cause. But I was so emotionally overwhelmed that I knew I would feel guilty for the rest of my life if I didn't try to do something to save her. I mean, isn't that what any good dog owner would do?” The look he gave me was questioning, so I just nodded. 
To be honest, I couldn't even imagine what I would have done in that situation. Outside your window, you see a great beast mauling your beloved pet, but you already know it's too late. Do you stay inside your house and keep safe? Or do you bravely try to save your pet? It would definitely be a tough call for an animal lover.
“Did you know it was a werewolf?” I asked.
“Yes . . . and no,” Devon replied softly, returning to the memory. “I think, at the time, I knew it was but hoped that it wasn't. I hoped it was just a really big dog. You see, there aren't no wolves in Texas. Wildcats are our only large natural predator.” He looked down at his fingernails, pulling off a piece of dead skin and tossing it to the floor without regard for the fact that I was watching him. “It was stupid. Dogs don't get that big. No breed gets that big.”
“What happened next?”
A short laugh escaped Devon's lips. “I grabbed a broom by the door and ran outside, screaming and flailing my arms wildly. The wolf looked up at me, and he dropped the dog.” He slowed down in thought. “I didn't even have time to raise the broom at him before he was on me. All I remember was fur and saliva and pain. Its hot breath on my face. Apparently, I shielded my face with my arm, and that's how he got me. I thought I was a goner. But no sooner than he grabbed me did he let me go. I remember when he stepped away from me, that the moon was disappearing behind the clouds. It must have affected him somehow, otherwise I think I would be dead. He would have finished me off. I know he would have.” Devon sighed. “My parents came home to find me bleeding to death on the lawn. I was so in shock that I couldn't muster up the courage to move. They took me to the hospital, and after I was released, I was brought here. Bessie died. But Mocha, our black lab, was saved. I truly believe that the monster would have killed him next had I not gone out there.” 
I watched as a solemn smile crossed his face, wondering how accurate that last statement was. Surely, telling himself he had saved the other dog's life gave some validity to his actions though, and I dare not take that away from him. 
“And what of the werewolf that bit you?” I asked.
“Never found.” Devon shook his head. “Did you know that for every werewolf in captivity, there's said to be at least three more roaming free?”
“No, I didn't know that.”
“You probably came in here thinking that the reservation would be full of attackers and victims, that everyone would be filled with resentment towards each other, but the truth is that there are only three pairs in here that can be linked together in such a way. Everyone else that has been turned, either their attacker or lover was never found, they were murdered, or they commit suicide.” Devon's expression was as grim as death, and I could tell that he was on the verge of losing his composure.
“I'm sorry. I can't even imagine what it's like to contract the disease. It must take an immense emotional toll on a person.”
“It does.”
“What all did you leave behind when you were sent to the reservation?”
“As in possessions?” He looked confused for a moment. “No, you mean people. I left behind my parents and an older brother, two dogs . . . I mean, one dog, and some fish.”
“No girlfriend?”
“No.” Devon's face sulked a bit. “I've never been particularly popular with the ladies.”
That was certainly not an issue I wanted to tackle. Moving on. “How do you feel about the reservation in terms of how you were treated when you first got here, the detainment process in the compound, how you were integrated into the pack, becoming omega, and how you feel about pack life now that you've been here for a while?”
He laughed nervously. “Wow, that's a whole lot of questions rolled up into one. Let's see. Naturally, I didn't like the detainment process. I mean, who does? Being stuck in solitary for a month and then having your testicles snipped.”
I couldn't help but smirk at the way he said it, as if they had castrated him instead of giving him a vasectomy. It was no laughing matter though, and I did my best to keep my amusement to myself.
“None of us will ever father children now, you know?” he told me.
I nodded in reply.
“I mean, sure, vasectomies are reversible, but only if you haven't had them for a long time. After a few years, it's almost impossible to reverse them. I wanted children someday. I think it's one of the worst parts of the process. It makes you feel like some dog, you know? Like some fucking pet, neutered and stuck inside a giant dog park,” Devon's voice elevated and then softened almost as quickly. “I'm sorry that I cursed.”
“It's alright. I can certainly understand your anger.”
Sensing that I didn't mind this sudden change in him, Devon continued with his angsty rant. “And those fucking pricks Emmett and Rick. They act all friendly to your face, especially when you first get here. They'll show you around and be nice. But behind your back.” He shook his head, and I could feel the anger building around him, waning when he looked back up at me. “Again, I'm sorry. I shouldn't talk about them like that around you.”
“No. Please, don't stop. I want to know everything about how you feel. Everything you say to me in this room is confidential.”
“Until someone reads that report.” Devon looked to my notebook.
“I'm not going to let anyone in here read what is written in this notebook. I promise.”
“How are you going to stop them? There are no locks on the doors. And don't think that the people in here won't want to know what you wrote down about them. Mark my words, by the end of your stay here, someone will have their hands on that notebook without your permission. Don't trust these people, Ms. Raveen. They are not your friends,” the seriousness in his words took me by surprise. 
Devon was staring directly into my eyes, the nervous twitches completely gone from his body as he drove his point home. This was a warning, and for the first time ever, I felt what I feared I would feel all along before coming here. It wasn't safe. All the happiness around me was a charade to keep me content and fooled. 
“Are you my friend?” I asked cautiously.
“I don't know.” He shrugged. “I could be. But for now, I'm just your guide.”
“I would like to be your friend.”
“And I would like to get out of here, as would the rest of us. Only time will tell if that will ever happen.”
The tension in the room seemed to build with each word that left Devon's mouth, and I suddenly felt unwelcome. Still, it was important to finish up my interview so that I could have at least one out of the way.
“Does everyone secretly hate it here?” I questioned.
“No, not everyone.” His answer surprised me. “Some have flourished here, like Emmett and Margaret and Terry and Rick. Some think that life here is better than on the outside. But those are few and far between. A few flourish. Most just tolerate this life . . . and there are a few that absolutely detest it, unable to cope with their loss.”
“Do you think that you detest it more because you're an omega?”
“Probably,” Devon admitted. “No one likes to be the one served a shit sandwich every day of their life. It sucks because I get picked on a lot. In fact, in this made-up werewolf society, it's encouraged to pick on the omega. Not like in your world where there are anti-bullying laws. That makes my shitty life all the more shitty. To be honest, I was never happier when they said they were going to bring you on, not because I gave a shit about escorting you around, but because I knew no one else would want to do it, and that meant I got out of shit scooping duty for an entire month. So, even if I do end up omega again after the hierarchy trials, I'll at least have a few more weeks of easy living. Plus, when I'm by your side, the pack has been instructed not to bully me. In essence, you're pretty much like a one-month vacation for me.”
While I should have been offended by what Devon was saying, I couldn't help but sympathize with his position. He certainly had it a lot harder than the other werewolves and was fully entitled to his bitterness.
“Then I would have you by my side at all times.” I smiled at him, feeling a strong need to protect him from the cruelty of the other wolves.
Devon's expression softened, and he returned my gesture with a grin. “You must think I'm a real asshole now.”
“No. The exact opposite, actually. I appreciate your honesty. It's rather refreshing.”
“I can only be a puppet for so long, and not very long, apparently. Just please, don't let word get out about what I've told you. Remember that when you leave, things return to normal for me, and I wouldn't want them to get any worse than they already are.”
“I won't say a word.”
“And try to avoid writing anything negative in that notebook of yours. It could make things harder for you during your stay here. Keep the bad stuff to memory, and put it in your report once you leave this place.”
“I appreciate the advice.”
“Well, despite my words, I would like for your stay here to be pleasant.”
It was strange how much Devon had changed since we had begun the interview. At first, he had been jittery and annoying, but now, he seemed just as calm and intelligent as most of the other people I had met on the reservation. 
With the vast majority of my questions answered, I decided to take my leave. Despite having told Devon that he could follow me wherever I went, I knew that he would not want to follow me to my next interview. After lunch, I would be taking Emmett for a one on one, and I was very interested to see how the story and outlook of the alpha were different from that of the omega.

If you liked this story, you should read The With Werewolves Trilogy


BLOOD AND WATER: FIRST ENCOUNTER


Victoria

Never trust a stranger. That's what Victoria's parents had taught her. People will try to hurt you and take advantage of you if they can. 
When she was younger, she heeded that advice. She never took candy from strangers or followed someone she didn't know into a vehicle. Not that anyone had ever tried to kidnap her. Victoria had always been big-boned. Oh, who was she kidding. She had always been fat. There was no mystery about how it had happened either. Pasta and chocolate and cake and fast food. No one ever tried to steal the fat kids. Even pedophiles aren't interested in chunky children.
As Victoria got older, strangers didn't seem so daunting. No one she knew would date her. She had always been the girl without a boyfriend, the one standing on the sidelines while teenage romance bloomed all around her. 
As an adult, the loneliness got to be more than Victoria could bear, so she went on the internet to find love. Had she only followed her parent's advice, she might not have ended up in a puddle of her own blood, her eyes frozen open in terror, the dark brown of them faded and icy from death.
He had seemed like a good guy. They all seem like good guys when you first meet them. Most of them just wanted sex, but Victoria appreciated their company, none the less. 
Samuel Aaron, the man had claimed his name was. They had joked about how his last name sounded like a first name. He was tall and robust, with a cunning smile, a slightly pinched face, choppy dirty blonde hair, and dark eyes. Before Victoria knew it, she was hanging off his arm, laughing and smiling and having the time of her life—the last time of her life.
When he took Victoria into a dark alley, she figured it was to get what he had come for. Samuel was too handsome to be refused, and the thought of having sex in public excited her. Carpe diem. Seize the day. Live for the moment. That was all Victoria wanted to do when she wasn't stuck behind a desk at her boring nine to five working in the mortgage department of a national bank. At twenty-seven years old, life had fallen into a repetitive tedium. 
Samuel pushed Victoria against the wall, roughly groping one of her breasts. She craned her head for his kisses and moaned her approval. Being man-handled always made Victoria feel alive. Too many men were timid, afraid of the pleasures a big girl's body could bring—afraid to take what they wanted.
Samuel's kisses were deep and dominant. His hands were strong and forceful, sinking into her soft flesh to leave bruises in their wake. She wanted to enjoy his touch—had enjoyed it at first, but mere seconds twisted pleasure into pain, and Samuel's true intent struck like a snake. The venom had been in his eyes all along, but in her desperation to feel loved and alive, Victoria had ignored it. Now she was dying from her mistake. His hand wrapped around her mouth to keep her from screaming while his thick body pressed her against the wall. Tendrils of fire pulsed where Samuel's teeth sunk into her throat. He cannibalized Victoria while he killed her, his lips making a sick slurping sound as his mouth suckled at her life's blood. 
The world was fading around Victoria, spinning into black obscurity. If I had only listened. I've read about things like this happening a hundred times before, but I never thought it would happen to me. 
There was no energy left to struggle, and as Samuel finally released her, she slid down the wall, leaving a blood smear behind. He stood over Victoria, tall and hulking, with that same cunning grin. His tan face was painted red, and his chest heaved from the exertion of draining her dry. In the gray darkness that surrounded them, Samuel's eyes glistened with life. It could have been the death setting into Victoria, but in that moment, he looked more monster than man.
Samuel pulled a knife from his pocket and flipped open the blade. She opened her mouth to scream, but no sound came out. It was too late anyway. What good would screaming do? They hadn't seen anyone for a few blocks. 
Victoria's eyes stared wide as he slashed the blade across his wrist. Maybe Samuel is going to kill himself now too. Perhaps he didn't want to die alone. It was a romantic and stupid thought in the midst of the horror, but it was the only thing she could come up with. 
Liquid as black as pitch spilled from the sides of Samuel's wrist. Victoria suddenly felt sick, though she wasn't sure if it was because of the sight of blood or because of her own death. Her stomach and head were an ocean of unruly waves.
Samuel put the blade away and grabbed Victoria by the hair, wrenching her head back. The wound in her neck popped open with wet pain, and tears formed in her eyes to cascade down her face. “You're hurting me,” she wanted to cry out. But what would be the point? It wasn't like he would stop.
Samuel slammed his gashed wrist against her mouth, forcing it open so that his blood would spill inside. Victoria's head hit the brick wall behind her, and she saw stars. Torrents of coppery disgust filled her mouth, and there was nowhere for it to go but down into her stomach. She coughed around Samuel's arm, overwhelmed, suffocating. Victoria's heart was a drum in her chest, counting down to her death. Ba-dump. Ba-dump. Ba-dump. . . Ba-dump . . . . . Ba . . . dump.
He pulled his arm away, and she fell forward, the cold hard ground quickly coming up to meet her. The world was growing dark around her. Samuel was standing over Victoria, laughing, a thick cruel laugh full of malice—full of pleasure at the horrific deed he had just done. She hated him. She hated herself for getting into this situation. But there was nothing to do about it—except die.


Seth

It had been another long day at the shop. All Seth could think of was getting a few beers under his belt and heading home to watch basketball. Drinking beer was more important than watching the game though, so he'd drink until he was satisfied, even if he had to sacrifice the first quarter.
“What will you be having, pup?” the bartender asked, a stout man who had worked at The Howling Moon for as long as Seth could remember.
“When are you going to stop calling me pup?” Seth grumbled. “I'm more than twice your age, you know.”
“And you look more than half my age younger. Take it as a compliment, and be thankful. You could have been turned old, like me.”
The bartender was right. Seth may have been turned a hundred years before him, but he had been less than half the man's age, eternally frozen at twenty-two years old. For looking like one of the youngest, Seth was one of the oldest werewolves around. Most of them rarely lived to see a hundred. Though they were stronger creatures in body, being a werewolf was more perilous than being a human. If they weren't fighting among themselves and killing each other, they were being shot in the woods by hunters, taken down by slayers, or butchered by vampires. The life of a werewolf definitely wasn't easy.
“Did you get the new Blue Moon in? The one with the pumpkin,” Seth asked, surrendering to the bartender's logic.
“Harvest Pumpkin Ale,” the man corrected him, sliding open the beer cooler to pull out a bottle.
“It's the only one of their beers I like.” As the bartender slid the bottle in front of him, Seth began to pull off the label, staring at the liquid inside absentmindedly.
“They have a few good ones.”
“They have a few tolerable ones. I bought a variety pack one time.”
“Do you smell that?” The bartender stiffened, staring at the door with a wary eye.
“Smell what?” Seth's sense of smell was incredibly weak compared to other werewolves'. Sometimes he wondered if something was wrong with him. 
“Vampire, coming this way.”
“Hopefully they'll keep walking,” Seth muttered, not caring. If the vampire was smart, it would turn and go in the opposite direction. Coming too close to the bar would mean a blood bath. “Ah, I smell it now.”
“Female. I can smell her cunt. And blood. Fresh blood. Quite a bit of it.”
“It's her blood.”
“A present from the Double Dealer,” the bartender realized. “It looks like she's come for her second dose of death.”
The thought made Seth queasy. Killing vampires was one thing. Killing confused fledglings that had been unknowingly sent into the wolves' den was another. It didn't hardly seem fair. “A vampire who hates vampires,” he mumbled.
“A vampire who has found a creative new way to kill humans,” the bartender said.
“They're not human anymore once they've been changed.”
“No matter. They're dead either way.” The bartender scanned the sparse crowd for his executioners. It was a slow night. Tuesdays usually were. Since it wasn't the start of the week, no one felt miserable enough to drink. And since it wasn't the end of the week, there was no point in celebrating. “Hopefully Marty and the boys will get her before she reaches the door. I hate the clean up afterward.”
“Indeed.” Seth drank to that. 
He had only been around one time when the Double Dealer had sent a delivery. It had been a gruesome scene. The poor bloody bastard had staggered into The Howling Moon, wide-eyed and frightened. 
“Please, help me,” the man had begged. “I've been attacked.”
“We'll help you,” Marty had told him, standing up with his little pack, a wolfish grin spread across his broad face. 
It was like something from a nightmare. The vampire was detained and stripped naked. They cut his cock and balls off and shoved them down his throat before they spread him out on a pool table, each grabbing a limb to rip him apart. Seth could still remember the man's blood-curdling screams. It was a brutal death, no less than a vampire deserved, everyone had said. But this man hadn't been a vampire long enough to understand what being a vampire meant. He had come looking for help and had found death instead. 
Seth had seen a lot of death—had brought death to countless vampires himself. There had been a time when he relished the sight of their blood. Not so much now. He had wiped his hands of the dirty business of killing long ago. Now he just wanted normality, to pretend his condition didn't exist. 
The vampire kept coming, and the closer she got, the more the bar patrons seemed to bristle and tense. Even if Marty wasn't around to take care of business, there was no doubt in Seth's mind that the others would take up the call. They were conditioned to kill vampires. It was just as much in their blood as the wolf virus.
Seth silently hoped he wouldn't have to watch. He refused to watch. Stubbornly, he kept his eyes on his beer, even when her scent became unbearable and the hinges to the bar door squeaked open, deafening in the silence that awaited her arrival. 
The bartender stared over Seth's shoulders at the woman, his jaw set in firm disapproval. Any minute now, someone will apprehend her and the torture will begin. 
No one moved, though whispers could be heard all around. Seth expected the woman to call out like the man had, to beg for help. That would be the queue for attack. But she never spoke. She simply walked up to the bar and took the seat beside him.
“I was told you could help me,” she said as calmly as if nothing was wrong. 
Seth couldn't see the blood on her neck. It was either obscured by her long dark hair or on the other side. The smell of it was definitely there though, live blood and dead blood. She smelled putrid. 
Gingerly, she slid a card across the table to the bartender, face down. He ground his teeth, staring at it in agitation. Seth could tell he was upset that she had made it this far. If Marty and the boys showed up, there would be a blood bath for sure.
“I'm not interested in helping you,” the bartender said, flicking the card back at her without even picking it up.
Desperation flashed across the woman's black eyes, though she maintained her composure. They were fledgling eyes, wide and drained and hungry. Any human that saw her on the street would be instantly afraid. Seth doubted she even knew what she looked like. The bite always transformed them. It made their skin paler, their hair darker, their eyes as black as night. When a vampire was first born, the eyes were all black until they got fresh blood in them. Then they returned to normal, though the pigment was forever lost, drowned in darkness. 
Under the softness of the woman's round face, Seth saw muscles contracting. Stress was quickly taking over her, or was it anger. Either way, it would only take one wrong word to make the werewolves react. It was amusing to think of how much danger the vampire was in, and how she was completely oblivious to it.
She straightened herself. “If you are refusing to serve me, then you must know what I am. And if you know what I am, then you must be one too,” her voice was low and secretive. “Why would you not want to help me?”
The bartender guffawed, his barrel of a stomach rocking. “You think I'm . . . Is your nose broken, girl? Can't you smell my blood? Don't I stink to you?”
“I didn't think anything of it, to be honest,” she replied courteously. 
“A polite vampire. Now there's something I don't see every day.”
Seth slapped his hand on top of the card, picking it up to read it. His eyes traced the words, written in dark curvy letters. At the bottom of the card was the address of The Howling Moon. He sniffed the card before handing it back to the woman. There was no telling when knowing the scent of the Double Dealer would come in handy. Thanks to his deliveries, he wasn't really an enemy of the werewolves. Though a man who turned in his own kind for slaughter definitely could not be trusted.
“A cruel joke, my friend,” Seth said.
“What did it say?” The bartender smirked with interest.
“I'm a new vampire. Take good care of me,” he recited what he had read.
“Take good care of me,” the bartender laughed. “Oh, now that's a good one. We'll take good care of you, that's for sure. Just wait until Marty gets here. Your nipples will be the last bloody thing you'll ever taste.”
Now there was alarm in the vampire's eyes. She glanced between the two men, but then settled on staring at Seth. “What's he talking about?”
Seth gave her a serious look, tapping the card with his index finger. “I'm sorry to tell you, but whoever wrote this wants you dead. That's the only reason someone would send you here.”
Though her eyes were black, what light there was inside them faded. Seth felt a twinge of pity for the creature. She gets it now. Or maybe she doesn't. Either way, it's only a matter of time before it's all over. 
“What am I supposed to do?” she asked to no one in particular.
“Die,” the bartender replied coldly.
“I already did that once tonight,” the woman mumbled before crossing her arms over the bar and cradling her face between them. The small hiccups of her back were a good indication she was crying.
“If you don't want to die, you'd do best to leave this place as quickly as possible,” Seth suggested.
The bartender quirked an eyebrow. “Now why would we want her to do that?”
Because this isn't her fault, he wanted say, but knew better. There were too many ears around him, and they could all hear a whisper up to a quarter-mile away. 
“Come on.” Seth took a twenty out of his wallet and set it on the bar before nudging the girl's arm. “Let's get you out of here.”
She stopped sniffling to look up at him with those big dark eyes. “You mean you're going to help me?”
“No. I'm not going to help you. But I am going to take you somewhere safe.”
“It's the same difference, lad,” the bartender growled. “Marty won't be too happy about this.”
“Marty can choke on my cock. That whelp is no match for me anyway.”
“Best be careful what you say, or he'll snap your cock off.”
“Don't worry about me, old man. There's no trouble I can't handle.”
“Cocky bastard, you are. I won't mourn you when you're gone.”
“But you'll mourn my money.” Seth's lips curled into a grin. 
“This isn't a trick is it?” the vampire asked, suddenly uncertain. “You're not going to kill me, are you?”
Seth gave her an incredulous look. “If you don't trust me, then don't follow me. It's your choice.” And with that he slid off the bar stool and began walking toward the door, not even glancing back to see if she was following. Of course, she did. The sound of her heels clacking against the tile was amplified in his wolf ears. 
Seth's heart pounded in his chest with each step, and he prayed the other werewolves couldn't hear it—prayed they couldn't smell his fear. There was a valid reason to be afraid. Every werewolf in the bar wanted to see the vampire dead, and he had openly offered to take her to safety. It was treason. The only thing worse would be defending her.
What do I really have to be afraid of? No wolf in here is a match for me. I am the Silver Fang, though few know it. Vampires and werewolves should tremble in my wake—used to tremble in my wake. 
“I'm Victoria,” the woman introduced herself when they were safely out of the bar. “What's your name?”
“None of your business,” Seth replied coldly. 
She shrank back, following a few steps behind as he led her down the street. “What are you, if not a . . . vampire?” 
“Can you just shut up? The less you know about me, the better. Don't ever come back to this place, for any reason. And remember that you were helped by one of my kind.”
“How can I remember if I don't know what your kind is?”
“You'll learn.”
“I don't know what I'm supposed to do after this—don't know where I'm supposed to go.”
“Stay out of the sunlight and drink blood. That's the gist of it.”
Victoria slowed for a moment, digesting what he had said. “So, everything I've read about vampires in books is true then?”
“It depends on the book.”
Seth wished she'd be quiet. Even though scent traveled farther than sound, it made him uncomfortable that she was talking to him. Every wolf within a mile could probably hear their conversation, and that meant they all knew he was helping her.
The walk was long and without direction. All that mattered was getting the vampire out of smelling range of The Howling Moon. Two miles should do it. She kept trying to talk, but Seth eventually got fed up and snapped at her, at which point she sank into silence, following him like a dutiful dog.
It wasn't until they were about a quarter-mile from their destination that Seth caught wind of the scent. “Shit,” he muttered. 
“What?” Victoria asked, breaking her silence.
He wasn't sure if he wanted to say. It was the moment of truth. Flee and let the fledgling be ripped apart, or stay and play the hero. One thing was for certain, they were coming. 


Victoria

He was walking so fast she could barely keep up, this mysterious handsome man. 
Victoria's head pulsed with sensation, with strangeness. The lights around her were so bright they were almost blinding. Perhaps that was in part because her eyes had taken on some sort of x-ray vision. Below the man's skin, Victoria could see his veins bulging and pumping thick red blood. When she stared at one too long, her mouth began to salivate. He looked so delicious, but smelled so horrible. A mix of body odor, thick masculinity, and wet dog. Mostly wet dog though, she noted.
Everyone in The Howling Moon had a similar scent. It was strange how the smells mingled together, yet Victoria could also single out the scent of each individual person. She could even tell which women were having their monthly visitor. Their blood had a sour tangy smell to it. Briefly, she wondered if hers smelled the same, feeling strangely embarrassed by the thought.
No normal human could smell something like that. What the card said has to be true. 
Victoria wasn't sure why she had come to the address on the card. If Samuel had killed her, then trusting his a second time seemed stupid. 
Death's cold fingers had curled around Victoria's heart, snuffing out her life. Then fire breathed into her, and the entire world exploded into color and sound and smell the likes of which she had never experienced before. The first breath was painful, and for a few seconds, Victoria had thought herself still dying. When will it end? I just want it to end. 
The fire eventually died down, and she was left alone, heaving on the filthy concrete. At first, Victoria just laid there, staring up at the speckling of stars in the sky, thinking of how they looked like a million freckles, some fatter than others—like a million different people. It was strange to be so consumed with the sky after what she had gone through, but it seemed like Victoria was seeing it for the first time. Initially, she brushed it off to blood loss. When she reached to touch the wound, however, there was no gash to be found, only red stickiness matting her hair together. That, at least, was real. 
The card Samuel had left behind was real too. Victoria wouldn't have believed the words written on it if the world around her hadn't seemed so different. It felt like all of her senses were amplified ten fold. She could now see through the dark alley as clear as if it were day. And her nostrils filled with the smell of blood, distant and savory. 
Maybe he plans on meeting me there. Perhaps he didn't really have ill intentions against me. Maybe Samuel wants me for his bride—his vampire bride. Why else would he give me this card?
That didn't explain why Samuel had left her though. Any hope of romance faded when Victoria realized her purse was gone. Not only had the bastard killed her, but he'd also robbed her.
I'm so fucking stupid. Why do I even hope that anyone will fall in love with me? Am I so pathetic that I thought someone might go out of their way to kill me just to be with me forever. For Christ's sake, I just met the guy.
A large part of Victoria wanted to disregard the card. Samuel was obviously nothing but trouble, and this card would likely be no different. He's probably some kind of vampire recruiter. Who knows what will happen if I go to this address? The smart thing would be to go to the hospital, but . . . 
She checked her pulse. Nothing. It didn't matter where she stuck her fingers, on her wrists or neck, there was no beating beneath them. Victoria put her hand in front of her mouth and felt the coolness of her breath. But I am breathing. Maybe I'm not dead after all. As much as she wanted to believe that, the blood on her shirt told a different story, as did her strange vision and other magnified senses.
Another part of Victoria just wanted to go home. It had been an absolutely horrible night. Nothing could get worse than dying. But if she really was a vampire, then she'd at least need to learn the basics. 
Following the address on the card brought Victoria to the doorstep of a bar secluded in one of the less savory parts of town. The neon light sign of The Howling Moon greeted her with static clicking, threatening to short-circuit at any moment. From the outside, the bar looked like a total dive. Its windows were filthy and had been painted over black. A small parking lot sat at the side of the crumbling brick building, nearly vacant aside from a handful of old beaters. Plus the stink of the place was almost enough to drive her away. This place looks every bit as dangerous as that alley. Maybe more so. 
For a while, Victoria thought about turning around. Everything about the place screamed Go Back! But the need for knowledge made her press on, to wrap her hand around the old brass handle and open the door into a new set of dangers.
Eyes peered at Victoria from all corners of the room, angry and malicious. They know what I am. Doing her best to ignore them, she strode up to the bar and offered the bartender the card Samuel had left her. Victoria would find no help from him though, and the harshness of his words frightened her. 
That was when the other man stepped in. And now Victoria was staring at his backside as she followed him away from The Howling Moon. She enjoyed staring at his backside. It was a nice backside, if truth be told—tight in a pair of distressed jeans. Between his snug pants and fitted black muscle shirt, there wasn't much left to the imagination, which suited Victoria just fine. He was thinly built, though muscles ripped beneath his clothing. A pointed nose and firm jaw were surrounded by shoulder length choppy hair. Despite the silver of his hair, he appeared to be very young, younger than she was, for sure. The only thing she didn't like about him was his eyes. They had looked dark and cold the entire time she'd been at The Howling Moon, every bit as unkind as all the other eyes that had followed her from the second she stepped foot inside the bar. 
She couldn't help but mistrust the man. Even when he had told her to follow him, all Victoria could think was that he was leading her to another death. Still, she felt like she had no choice. They had told her that if she stayed at The Howling Moon, she would be killed. Could the consequence of following him be any worse?
As the man came to an abrupt halt, she watched the hairs on his arms bristle. It was so slight that no human would have ever noticed. But Victoria could see. She could see so much now that she never had been able to before. 
“What?” Victoria asked when she heard him curse under his breath.
For a moment, the man just stood there, refusing to look at her. The tension in the air was palpable as he shifted his weight, thinking. “How badly do you want to live?” he questioned, his voice calm . . . and dangerous.
If Victoria's heart could have beat at all, it would have quickened in that moment. “What do you mean?”
The man turned to her. “This is as far as I'm taking you.”
“But I don't know where else to go.”
“There is nowhere else to go. You can run, but they'll catch you,” he sighed, though his expression never softened. 
“I don't understand.”
“You will soon enough.” And with that he began walking away.
The way he made it sound, he was leaving her to die. “You've got to help me,” Victoria pleaded.
“I don't have to do anything,” he muttered, never missing a beat.
The man had told her to run, but he hadn't said where. Moving as fast as her heels would carry her, Victoria jogged after him until they were side by side.
“Go away,” he barked, though he refused to look at her.
“Tell me where I'm supposed to go.”
“Away from me.”
“Not until you tell me where I'm supposed to go.”
“Go home.”
“But you said they'll catch me.”
“They will. It doesn't matter where you go. Either way, I'd rather they not catch you with me.”
“Who are they anyway?”
“Does it matter?”
“I suppose not.” Victoria stopped, the hopelessness setting in. This man wasn't going to help her. Perhaps he couldn't help her. Staying beside him might get them both killed. She didn't want that. It seemed that he had tried to help her, but something had gone wrong. He shouldn't have to die for her mistake. “Thank you,” Victoria whispered weakly, and then watched as the man turned a corner and walked out of sight.
There's nowhere to go that they won't find me. So I will go nowhere. I died once tonight. It was horrible. I know I'll be afraid . . . and it will hurt, but I suppose that I can die again. This time I won't wake up . . . I hope. Life and death are both too cruel. I did nothing wrong, and yet here I am. Better me than someone else, I suppose.
Defeated, Victoria rested her back against one of the buildings and slid down it, thinking of the blood smear on the alley wall. The entire block was full of old abandoned buildings—a perfect place for a murder. She stared down at the card in her hand. Victoria had been clutching it the entire time, though she didn't know why. Her finger brushed over the curvy handwriting—Samuel's handwriting. Are you laughing right now Samuel, thinking about how you killed me twice? What type of sick twisted mind can do something like this to a person? What happened to you to make you this way? She wanted to pity him, but she couldn't. Instead, Victoria pitied everyone else this had happened to before her and everyone it would happen to after. Surely, she wasn't the only one.
It wasn't long before she caught the musty wet scent of dog, though she could hear them coming before she smelled them. Their howls filled the air, preceding them as they rounded the corner, four brutish looking guys. Victoria simply watched as they approached, not even bothering to stand. If this was death, then she was going to take it with as much grace as she could muster.
“Run, little vampire,” one of them said, hoping to get a reaction.
“There's nothing little about her,” another one made a poke at her weight, and they all laughed.
“It's not often we see a vampire this fat. The Double Dealer must not be picky.”
“Maybe he was being merciful this time. He's doing this bitch a favor.”
As they walked beneath the streetlight, Victoria could see that most of them were around her age. They stared down at her with hateful eyes, grinning and carrying on as if she was nothing but a joke to them.
She tried not to seem intimidated. “I suppose you're the death I was promised.”
“Don't sound so tough, bitch. I can smell the fear on you.” One of the men stepped forward and sniffed at her hair. Victoria assumed he was the leader, since he had the loudest mouth. He reminded her of an overgrown bully, large and hulking, with a square jaw and big brown eyes set behind a pale face dotted with red freckles. Oddly, his face brought back the memory of all the stars Victoria had seen earlier, though it was nowhere near as beautiful.
“I'm not afraid,” she lied.
“Well then, we'll have to change that.”
A powerful hand gripped Victoria's neck, pulling her to her feet. Thick fingers pressed down hard, crushing her soft flesh. Victoria could feel the muscles in her throat bruising beneath them, her vocal cords and esophagus being crushed. She struggled to speak, but only a whimper came out. Soon, her feet were hanging off the floor as the man lifted her into the air, scraping her back against the wall. His eyes blazed a fiery red. Supernatural, she realized. He must be a vampire too. 
“Let us have some fun too,” a weasel faced man complained. He was the thinnest of the bunch, with sharp features and a wisp of a mustache on his upper lip. 
“Yeah. I thought we were gonna do that thing we talked about,” another one of the thugs said. His two front teeth were missing, and his face was covered with patches of peach fuzz. 
“Then let's get to it. Far be it from us to deny this little bitch her precious death,” the leader growled, keeping Victoria held in place.
The fourth man dropped a duffle bag to the floor. It hit the ground with a heavy clattering sound. He knelt beside it to pull open the zipper and began extracted several long metal nails and a hammer. If Victoria wasn't so busy choking, her breath might have hitched. 
“Are you religious?” the freckled man asked, loosening his grip on her throat just enough so that she could respond.
“No,” Victoria choked out. 
“Pity. Then you won't appreciate this at all.”
She already wasn't appreciating it. How could she possibly be appreciative of death in any form?
“I want to go first,” Weasel said, shifting his weight back and forth in overzealous excitement.
“Fine,” the leader growled. “Just hurry. My arm is getting tired from holding this heavy bitch.”
“You got it, Marty.” His friend with the duffle bag offered up a nail and the hammer. Weasel hurriedly took them, then flanked Marty's side and grabbed Victoria's wrist, prying her hand away from Marty's forearm with ease. She struggled briefly as he outstretched her arm, lining the nail up over her palm. “I need someone to come hold her while I hammer.”
Victoria's eyes widened as she realized what they were going to do. With every ounce of energy she had, she struggled. For a moment, it seemed like Marty was losing his grip, but he punched her across the face and then squeezed even harder.
“Stop squirming,” he barked. “The more you struggle, the worse this will be for you, not that it's going to feel particularly good either way.”
“Maybe we should ask her what she was doing with Seth,” Duffle Bag commented as the man who was missing teeth went to hold Victoria's arm in place.
“There will be time for that once we have her staked up,” Marty replied.
“I don't think one stake on each wrist is going to do it,” Weasel noted. “She's too heavy.”
“Do her through the wrists, not the hands,” Toothless suggested.
“Do both. It's not like we have anything better to do,” Duffle Bag said.
“But do her wrists first, and do it quickly. I'm getting tired of holding her,” Marty complained again.
“What if it doesn't hold?” Weasel asked.
“We'll worry about it then,” Marty replied, obviously agitated.
Victoria's eyes gazed at her hand in desperation. No matter how tightly Marty squeezed her throat, she couldn't draw her eyes away. Despite his warning, Victoria kept struggling, though it did no good. Weasel placed the stake over her wrist, drew back the hammer, and swung forward with all his weight. 
She screamed. 


Seth

Thank you. The words echoed in Seth's ears. Even though it had barely been a whisper, he had heard it as if she had spoken it loud and clear. That poor pathetic stupid vampire had thanked him for leaving her to die. 
There was a small spike of pity in Seth's black heart, but it was too late to do anything about it now. Marty and the boys had caught their scent. They were on their way to deliver death, and there was no amount of talking that would make them let the woman go. It was best if Seth stayed out of it. What was one less vampire to the world anyway? A blessing. That's what it was. Walking away had been the smartest thing he had done all day.
Still, there would be consequences for taking the vampire as far as he did. Her scent wasn't the only one Marty had caught. Surely, he would approach Seth sooner or later and question him. Things could get bad if that happened. Things probably would get bad if that happened. 
Marty was the alpha of his pack, and he asserted his dominance wherever he went. Even other alphas cowered before him, but not Seth. The brawny beef head was nothing but a whelp as far as he was concerned, and drunk on the splendor of being a werewolf. He would get himself killed, one way or another, probably sooner rather than later. The arrogant ones always did. 
Just keeping walking. She's nothing to you. Just another vampire. 
Thank you. The words echoed again. 
Already, the scent of the pack and the scent of the vampire had collided. Her death was mere moments away, long horrific moments. Who knew what they'd do to her, how long it would take for them to kill her? Marty was sadistic during the best of times. Most other werewolves feared him, specifically for that reason.
Thank you. Thank you for what? For letting you die. For taking you somewhere there wouldn't be spectators cheering to your demise. 
With each step, the thoughts gnawed at Seth, and when he heard her scream, he knew the words would haunt him for the rest of his life. I'll have to face them eventually anyway. Why not just do it now and get it over with?
By the time Seth rounded the corner, the woman had been crucified against the wall. The pack stood facing him, awaiting his arrival.
“Come to join us, Harlow?” Marty asked with a twisted smile. 
“I'd rather not,” Seth muttered as he continued toward them. 
The woman looked in his direction. Her dark eyes were sad and hopeless, full of pain and despair.
“We were wondering why you were with her,” Dawson said. 
“He was just delivering her for us, weren't you, Harlow?” Marty offered, though his voice was harsh and mocking.
Seth stopped several feet short of the pack, casting a glance at the helpless creature pinned against the wall. “Let her go.”
“What? Did I hear you right? Did you just say to let her go?” Marty asked incredulously.
“Don't tell me your hearing is already going bad on you. You're so young.”
“This guy's a joker,” Carl sniggered uncomfortably, his weasel like body moving slightly as he shifted his weight from one foot to the other.
“He is, isn't he?” Marty wasn't phased at all. He stared at Seth with his standard arrogance. “And why would we want to let her go? She's a stinking filthy vampire. The only good vampire is a dead vampire.”
“It's not her fault this happened to her,” Seth replied, knowing he wouldn't care.
“Half the time they're turned, it's not their fault. What makes this bitch any different?”
“Looks like Harlow has a thing for fatties,” Bobby guffawed stupidly, the gap between his missing teeth looking like a hallow cavern in the light. 
“I'm not going to tell you again.” Seth allowed the wolf to shine through his eyes, red and violent and threatening.
“Ohhh, I think he's serious,” Marty told his pack and then laughed, spurring them to join in. 
The only one who hesitated was Carl. He leaned in to whisper to Marty, though they could all hear him, “I don't know if we should really mess with this guy. I've heard rumors that he's the Silver Fang.”
Marty harrumphed. “The Silver Fang. What bullshit. That guy died fifty years ago. Harlow here is just a mutt. He doesn't even have a pack at his back to protect him.”
I don't need protection.
“We're four against one,” Bobby reminded Carl.
“Four against one,” Carl repeated, gaining courage.
“Your odds don't look good, Harlow. I suggest you run along,” Marty threatened.
“Why? So you can come after me when you're done with her? You already know I was with her. You already know I tried to help her. Why don't we settle this now and get it out of the way,” Seth said, spreading his legs slightly wider and taking the shifting stance.
“Marty, I think he means to shift right here.” Carl looked at Seth warily.
“Do you think I don't know that?” Marty rolled his eyes at his subordinate's persistent idiocy.
“But what if you guys are seen? We're in the middle of the city.”
“On a practically deserted street in the middle of the city. If you were so worried about us being seen, you shouldn't have been so excited about crucifying the vampire.”
Carl shut up at that, stepping a foot away from Marty and getting into position for the shift.
“So, is it going to be four against one? I'd hate to have to kill all four of you,” Seth said, confidence shining through his voice, though he secretly hoped he wouldn't have to face them all at once. That would be a challenge, even for him.
“It's the advantage of having a pack, lone wolf.” Marty spat on the ground in front of Seth's feet. “We'll make short work of you.” Almost before he finished the sentence, Marty began to shift. His eyes blazed red, and orange fur sprouted from his skin while his body swelled and bent and grew into the wolf. The entire transformation took half a heartbeat. And within mere seconds, the street which had once been full of men was now full of wolves and tattered clothing. All of them were impressive, hulking and monstrous. But none were as big as the silver wolf. 
A row of sharp teeth glimmered in the streetlight as Seth drew back his jowls and began to growl a low threatening rumble. Marty wasn't going to play the intimidation game though. He lurched forward to attack, launching himself into the air on powerful hind legs as if he meant to pounce on Seth like a cat. The clumsiness of the move made it easy for Seth to swing around and open his jaws, taking a mouthful of hair as his teeth closed on the alpha's throat. Violently, he jerked his head, throwing the orange wolf against the wall. A sharp whimper of pain pierced the night as he hit it and fell to the floor stunned.
Carl, Dawson, and Bobby attacked Seth simultaneously after that. They were too green though, and no match for the much larger wolf. Bobby managed to clamp his teeth around Seth's leg while he was busy fighting off the other two, but a quick kick to the nose sent him sailing. Not before he had managed to draw blood though. 
The night was alive with snarls and fur flying and blood. Their enormous bodies cast shadows over the walls, darkening the vampire as she watched in wide-eyed horror at the battle playing out before her.
By the time Seth had fended the other three wolves off, Marty was on him again. They rolled across concrete and pavement, snapping at each other. Marty sunk his teeth into Seth's side, at which point Seth completely ripped off his ear and pawed him in the eye. The alpha recoiled, and as the rest of his pack ran to abandon him, he had no choice but to follow, or be left to die. His odds had greatly decreased now that blood was leaking from his eye socket, and he was forced to keep it closed.
Turn tail, you son of a bitch. I don't want to have to kill anyone. 
There was a whisper on the wind, a weak wolf voice, low and angry. “This isn't over.”


Victoria

Victoria couldn't believe what she was seeing. For a while, she thought she must be dead, because this couldn't possibly be real. In the span of one night, everything Victoria knew about reality and fantasy had changed. If you asked her the previous day, she would have told you vampires and werewolves didn't exist. Now, Victoria knew that was a lie. 
All she had wanted was a quick death. Her captors didn't seem interested in delivering that though. They hammered nine-inch nails through Victoria's wrists, pinning her to the wall, so they could continue their torment without the worry of her struggling. The duffle bag was full of nails, and she had been told that they intended to use them all, to nail every single one through her flesh, saving the last for her heart—the killing blow.
That's when the silver-haired stranger rounded the corner. At first, Victoria was frightened to see him. A trap. This had all been a trap. He brought me to them. I knew I shouldn't have trusted him. But when he began to speak, to ask the other men to let her go, she felt a twang of guilt for ever doubting him.
Harlow. That's his name. He's going to die for me now, isn't he? There's no way he can beat all four of them. Most of them are bigger than he is. All but the weasel faced man. He has no chance. 
When Victoria saw his eyes glow red though, she knew he was one of them, a vampire with a strange scent. It wasn't until Marty transformed that she realized what they truly were. Dogs. No—wolves. No wonder they had smelled so foul to her.
For being one of the smaller humans, Harlow was freakishly large as a wolf compared to the other four. Almost twice their size, with a gorgeous coat as silver as his hair, glowing red eyes, and perfect white teeth. Victoria got the stupid thought of wanting to pet him. But maybe that was the blood loss getting to her. The gashes in her wrists were leaking like broken faucets. Dark crimson ran down her arms, cold and dead. When they had drilled the second nail into her wrist, she thought she was going to lose consciousness—almost had. Maybe she was hallucinating all of this, these werewolves.
The fight began, drowning Victoria in shadow as the wolves went at each other. Harlow had the advantage of size, but Marty's pack had numbers on their side. When three of the four wolves attacked Harlow at once, Victoria thought he was done for, but he held them off well enough, ripping a hole in Toothless's shoulder and leaving a bloody gash in Duffle Bag's throat. Marty's three pack mates were slinking away by the time he made his final attack. The sight of Seth tearing off his ear was enough to make Victoria retch, though nothing came out. 
Her focus was taken away from the fight as the world began to spin around her. She was getting sick, dizzy—dying perhaps? Could a vampire succumb to death from such minor wounds? Who was Victoria kidding, being crucified would kill any normal human. The only saving grace was that she didn't actually have to breath, which she'd discovered when they finished nailing up her wrists. Most crucifixion victims died from asphyxiation, not from the wounds bestowed upon them. Still, she felt incredibly ill, and the light was fading all around her. Before the fight was even over, darkness was overtaking her, and the world went black. 
Everything after that came in bits and pieces of consciousness. Victoria gasped as she felt the wounds in her wrists being ripped back open, one after the other. She thought she saw Harlow, but wasn't sure. Soon, Victoria was being carried, her arm slung absentmindedly around powerful naked shoulders. Her eyes closed for but a moment, and when they opened again, she was lying in a strange bed in a strange room. Harlow was standing over her, wearing nothing but a pair of black boxer shorts and holding a washcloth to his side, soaking up the blood from deep puncture wounds. For a moment, Victoria thought she was lost in some fever dream, but the scents were too strong, the light too bright.
“Thank you” she mumbled, unable to think of anything else to say.
Harlow pulled the washcloth away from his side, hissing from the pain. It allowed Victoria a better view of his hairless chest and stomach, both well-defined. Even in her illness, seeing Harlow like that gave Victoria stirrings—stirrings other than hunger. 
“Suck on this,” he said, handing Victoria the washcloth. At first, she mistook his words, wondering if she had enough blood left in her body to blush. But when Harlow left the room, Victoria knew she had been wrong.
Of course, he didn't mean that. The thought was somehow depressing, but she was too tired to linger on it . . . and too hungry. Gingerly, she pressed the washcloth to her mouth, tasting the putridity of his blood. Despite the disgust of it, Victoria found herself suckling on the washcloth, drinking all she could from it. Though it tasted bad, it made her body feel better. Her wrists began to tingle, and as she looked over, she realized they were slowly healing. 
Harlow returned with a roll of tin foil and some scotch tape and began covering up the window. When he was done, he grabbed a sheet from the closet and tacked that over it. By the time he was finished, the room was pitch black, though Victoria could see the heat from his body glowing and everything else in the room as good as if the sun was shining bright. Harlow could see her as well. She knew as much by the way he looked directly at her and knelt by her side.
“I'm still hungry,” she whispered, feeling guilty for saying it.
“I know,” he replied, a twinge of sympathy in his voice.
“Do you think I could lick your wound?”
“No. You would kill me.”
“You saved me. I could never kill you.”
“You would, trust me. There's a difference between sucking blood from a rag and tasting it from its source.”
“Do you drink blood too?”
“No.”
“Then how do you know?”
“Because I've known a lot of vampires. They're all the same, especially when they're fledglings. Blood isn't just nourishment; it's also a drug. You'll learn that soon enough.” He stood. “I'll be right back.”
While Harlow was away, Victoria looked around the room. It was completely plain, with no pictures on the walls—no personality. The only furniture was the bed, a bedside table and lamp, and a chest of drawers. It was a sad room, filled with emptiness. 
Hallow returned with a glass in hand half-filled with water. Victoria watched as he pressed it to his side, using his fingers to pry open the wound where teeth had gnashed into his flesh. It was the first time she realized how bad it was. If she hadn't been so busy concentrating on the blood flowing down into the glass, she might have told him he needed to go to the hospital. Thoughts of saving life were far away though—thoughts of taking it clouded her mind.
The water was soon pink, growing darker with each drop. When the glass was about an inch fuller than before, Harlow handed it over. Victoria sat up in bed, clutching it with both hands and drinking greedily. Her wounds tingled, and she could feel the fibers of her skin growing back together.
“It's not enough,” she said when the glass was drained, her eyes flitting to Harlow's wounds.
“It will have to be until tomorrow,” he told her, frowning.
“What will happen tomorrow?”
“Your vampire training begins.”

If you liked this story, you should read Blood and Water: The Novel


To further support these authors, please post a review after you finish reading this book.


To find out when K. Matthew has new books available and to be informed of free promotions being run by this author, please sign up for the newsletter.
K. Matthew's Newsletter

