Pestilence Rising

Lea Ryan

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2013 Lea Ryan
------------------------------------------------

Acknowledgements:
I would like to thank my editor, Dee Crabtree, and my beta readers: Josette Bender, Diane Moore, and Rowan Brigid McShane. I would also like to thank my technology sponsor, Dawn Fulgham. Also, everyone who has ever supported me, you rock!

 

Chapter 1
 
“Come on, Hunter. I promise I won't bite, unless you want me to.” The brunette on the monitor giggled with her hand over her mouth. “What are you afraid of? I promise I'm not an axe murderer.” 
Music played in the background, male vocals, piano. Bruno Mars? 
I smiled. Girls were almost always too easy.
“I don't meet online dates in real life. It's a policy of mine.”
Actually, the policy was my employer's but I couldn't tell Lizzy that because if I did, she would vanish, and I'd never find her. It was only one of several reasons why the Center for the Preservation of Natural Order didn't take kindly to their employees fraternizing with their targets beyond what was necessary to bring them in. As sexy as she was, I’d have to initiate her pickup.
“Well, your policy sucks. What's the matter? I'm good enough to talk to online but not good enough for you to take out?”
'Pickup' was Center lingo for illegal arrest and abduction. With a simple click, I would start a tracking program that would grab her IP address, along with her location, and transmit it to waiting goons. They would sweep into Lizzy's house and remove her from society and stick her in a place where no one would ever find her.
“Trust me. You are plenty good enough.”
Her crime? None, really. She has psychokinetic abilities. The Center calls us anomalies. We are people with extraordinary abilities. Mine is more affliction than asset, unfortunately, but the Center lets me roam semi-free because I play by their rules.
Lizzy doesn't know the rules. She isn't even aware the game exists. All she sees is some guy on the other end of a webcam who seems interested in her.  
“What if I took off my top? Would that be sufficient enticement?”
“Hard to say.” 
Okay, maybe I could delay the initialization for a few more minutes. I leaned closer to the monitor, rested my chin in my hand only to be reminded by the stubble against my palm that I should probably shave at some point. When you only leave your apartment for food and supplies, grooming has a tendency to take a back seat. I guessed Lizzy was into the rugged look.
Her full lips drew into a skeptical smirk, “Well, I'm not just going to show off the goods with no hope of payoff.”
“I didn't indicate there would be no payoff.”
Neither of us was destined to come out any happier than we were before we started talking. I’d benefit in the sense that I’d get to keep my apartment and my freedom for a while longer, but as far as our flirtation went, I’d end up equally unsatisfied. 
Soon, this two-week dance of ours would end. She’d hate me without really knowing who I was, and she’d blame me for taking her future from her. I’d be a villain in her mind. Winning never felt so awful.
“I want a guarantee that if I take off my top for you, you'll at least give me a date, take me to a movie or dinner or, geez, just take a walk with me on the beach. This is a drastic measure.”
“I would love to walk on the beach with you.”
I swallowed the ache creeping up my throat. I really hated this part of the job. Getting the girls to talk to me and like me made me feel normal. I never had any qualms about our initial conversations because most of the time, I liked them. I enjoyed talking to them, figuring out what we had in common.
I was having second thoughts about turning her in. Maybe it was the way she looked at me with hope in her eyes. She had made a significant connection to another human being; I knew that expression. I'd seen it more often than I’d want to admit. Like me, other anomalies didn't typically have an abundance of friends. That would make the betrayal all the worse for her. I repressed my disgust with myself, reached up and activated the icon that looked like a record button.
Before I initiated pickup, I had to get her using her ability on video that would later be studied by her captors. They’d use it to determine her threat level and also to show her they already knew what she was, in case she denied it. 
“I have another idea.”
“Oh, really? Does it involve you and me and a club, maybe?”
The red blinking light on the screen told me it was recording.
“No club,” I offered up a weak smile, “Do you remember when we first started talking a couple of weeks ago?”
“Yes.” Her hopeful expression faltered. She couldn't quite tell where I was going but didn't really want to go there, just the same. We were venturing into uncomfortable territory. “On that message board.”
“Right. You asked about psychokinesis, the physics of it.”
“Yeah, so?”
“You can do it, can't you? You can move objects by willing them to move.”
She shot a glance around her room to make sure no one was listening.
“I don't know what you're talking about. That's not really possible.”
“I can do something, too, Lizzy.”
Her face paled. I couldn't say I blamed her. This conversation had gone from sexy to dangerous in ten seconds flat. Even though she wasn't aware of the Center, she knew well enough what could happen if she admitted to her ability. Anomalies have those nightmares - our family turning against us, the world turning us into sideshow freak attractions or worse - using us as weapons. Right that second, Lizzy looked like a deer in headlights.
Her volume fell to just above a whisper, “What can you do?”
“Same as you.”
That was a lie, of course. I wish I could push. That ability seems so wonderfully normal when compared to mine. Instead, I’m a ravager, which is the opposite of a healer. A healer makes you better. A ravager causes sickness and possibly death, depending on the severity of the attack. Charming, right? I learned early on not to tell my marks the truth because it had a tendency to scare them off.
I added, “I'll show you mine if you show me yours.”
Lizzy found the offer acceptable, “Ok. My roommate is getting ready for her date. When she leaves, I'll come back, and we'll talk. Ten minutes?”
I nodded, “I'll be here.”
Lizzy clicked off her camera, and the chat window went dark.
I pushed back my chair, feeling more apprehension than usual about the whole deal. This mark felt different. I couldn’t put my finger on why, exactly. I was getting too attached; I thought.
I rose from my chair to stretch. The apartment was a mess, as usual. Fast food wrappers littered the table - a testament to my solitary lifestyle. My clothes were everywhere - conveniently located if I needed to grab something and throw it on to go out. I wasn't leaving just then, but I spotted my dad's old military jacket and put it on anyway. The thing was so beat up; I’d have to let it go soon.
A half-smoked joint in the ashtray by the window beckoned me. I needed it that day, if I was going to go through with ruining Lizzy's life. I heaved the window open and sat in the sill, one leg inside, the other on the fire escape outside.
Rain fell, but it wasn’t enough to bother me. The air was fresh, despite the pollution. Neon lights from the street just beyond the alley painted glowing reflections onto puddles below.   
The streets in my corner of Chicago were quiet, perhaps with dread. Meteorologists had predicted intense rain for days. The sky would descend on the Midwest in a series of storms and showers. That night, the initial front hit the city. It didn't seem bad, then, pleasant even.  
Smoke filled my lungs, and everything decelerated. I kept picturing Lizzy in my mind, the girl, the life beyond the webcam. What would happen if I just ditched the Center and took off with her? That was a ridiculous idea, but what if? No more targeting my own kind. No more reporting to that prick, Gideon.
I sat in the window, trying to come up with ways of making an escape work until the joint burned the tip of my finger and my thumb, then I swung my head back into the apartment. Time to get back to reality, as grim as it was. I extinguished the roach and dropped it back into the ashtray. I decided to leave the window open for a while to let in the smell of the rain.
When I turned, she was standing in the middle of my living room.
“Lizzy?”
She was there in the flesh, but that wasn't possible. She lived miles away, yet, there she was, in my crappy apartment. She calmly observed my confusion at this development.
A stream of questions rushed through my head, but I was only able to give voice to the simplest and the most important, “How?”
“Hunter?” Her voice emanated from the computer speakers on the desk. Lizzy's face appeared in the chat window. “Who is that?” She sucked in a breath, “Oh my God. She looks just like me! How are you doing that?”
This girl before me wore the same bob haircut, the same black Misfits t-shirt, presumably the same weathered jeans, but this beautiful creature had not volunteered to take her top off for me moments prior. This was another being entirely, and when I looked closer, there were differences. The hazel eyes possessed iridescence, and she held herself differently. She stood as if poised to leap into action.
Lookalike Lizzy said, “Please turn that off. I must speak with you alone.” Her voice was almost melodic.
“What are you?” I stepped back.
“We don't have time.”
“Hunter?” Real Lizzy beckoned me again.
With my eyes on the lookalike, I reached over and exited the chat. I ran through the various anomaly types I knew of. There were pushers like the real Lizzy, ravagers, healers, psychics, and other assorted rarer breeds. I hadn't seen anyone who could teleport or copy people.
“Your brother needs your help. I was sent to bring you the message and aid you in his rescue. We must leave now.”
“Why do you look like Lizzy?”
“I saw her on the screen. I took her form so as not to startle you.”
The squeal of tires echoed in the alley outside, then the voices of men arguing, Gideon shouting orders.
“You, side door. The rest of you are with me.”
She glanced toward the apartment door as Gideon and crew caused a ruckus in Mr. Suresh's kitchen downstairs. Pots clanging, more shouting, I had only seconds before they reached my door.
“Where is Michael?”
I hadn't seen my brother since he left home for fame and fortune a decade prior. We had never been close, so his absence wasn't a big deal. He was two years older and had a deep disdain for me. I probably would've felt the same way about someone who killed my mother. Hell, I did feel that way. She was my mother, too.
The gravity of Gideon's storming of my apartment struck me. They were coming for her. If they took her, I might never find out where Michael was.
“You have to hide.” I told her as I scanned my tiny living space. Nothing in the apartment offered any chance for concealment. “Can you teleport or something? You need to get out.”
“What is teleport?”
Gideon beat on the door so hard that it shook in the frame.
“What do you have in there, Hunter? Open the goddamn door.” Then to someone else he said, “Bust it in.”
I grabbed Lookalike Lizzy and crammed her through the open window onto the fire escape. It wasn't the best hiding place, but I wanted a chance to finish the conversation before Gideon hauled her off. I needed to know about Michael. She went along without argument.
As I returned to the middle of the room where we'd just been standing, Gideon plus four of his cronies burst through my door.
“What the eff? Mr. Suresh is going to be pissed about having to replace that.” I attempted to sound angry about the intrusion.
Gideon was of Asian descent somewhere along the line. Every time I saw him, he wore a white suit that hugged his somewhat roundish body. He held one of his guns at his side. He always carried a pair of them; he told me once. He thought two guns made him twice the badass.
His partner in crime was a guy named Nigel, a tall, skinny white guy with way too much gel in his blond hair. His suit was pine green. The EMF detector in his hand was going nuts, beeping, the lights on top flashing wildly.
That fun little gadget detected a very specific type of electromagnetic frequency generated by anomalies and the supernatural friction caused by the use of their abilities. The Center called it “violet”.
“What are you hiding? Whatever it is set off every instrument at the Center.”
As always, armed Center enforcers accompanied him. Clad in all black, military-style cargo pants and combat boots, they were the meaty muscle of the organization. He motioned for them to search the place.
They obliged him the best way they knew how, kicking furniture around just because they could, not because they thought someone could hide behind it. They threw open cabinets, checked the shower in the bathroom and then the closet.
I inched toward the window, trying not to be too obvious about it. Gideon moved with me.
“Is it you?” Nigel jammed the EMF detector into my face, then shook his head at Gideon.
An enforcer shoved me from his path toward my television, putting me even closer to the window. Another step or two and I could be outside. Fresh air brushed the nape of my neck.
“The instruments were probably wrong. Look, no one is here but me.”
Gideon thumbed the hammer on the pistol in his hand, “You don't usually lie. The others do, but not you. I’d like to think that means you know better. You should make decisions that will be the least damaging to your way of life. We're up to a month of observation at the Center. How far do you want this to go?”
“I'm not a kid anymore, Gideon, and I'm not afraid.”
“You should be.” He pointed the gun at my head.
“This is taking too long.” The strange girl poked her head in the window. She grabbed the shoulder of my jacket and dragged me outside with strength well beyond what she should have had. I almost fell down the ladder leading to the alley below us. We were already on the ground when Gideon hit the window.
Mr. Suresh dropped a garbage bag of glass bottles at the sight of us.
“Sorry about the door.” I said, “I'll pay for it later.”
The enforcer who should have been posted at the side door emerged from the kitchen. He yelled for us to stop, trained a heavy black pistol on me, and fired, muzzle flashing in the night. They hadn't even taken the time to attach silencers. 
I ducked. Adrenaline roared through my veins. Fear of what would happen next crawled along my skin and seeped into the air. The harder I tried to stop it, the harder it pushed to get out.
The disease, the invisible curse my body involuntarily generated, hit the thug and Mr. Suresh simultaneously. My landlord, one of the few people who genuinely liked me, fought for breath that wouldn't come. Veins of blackish rot sprouted from his sleeves and his shirt collar to choke the life from him. I was killing him. 
“No, no, no,” I dug in my pocket for the medication that kept my emotions in check. The weed should have helped, but the craziness had rendered my herbal remedy useless. Gideon and company descended on us and were quickly affected by my unintentional ravage. They hit the pavement on their knees.
The only way to save the people around me was to take off and hope that I got myself under control before I encountered anyone else.
“Follow me.” I commanded Lookalike Lizzy, and we headed for the end of the alley to make a left onto a street. Traffic was light, probably due to the flood predictions. Meteorologists had advised people to remain indoors for their own safety.  
I knew I had left the alley behind in time to save everyone when Gideon bellowed my name in rage. Under a different circumstance, his anger wouldn't have sounded so sweet. Assuming Gideon didn't decide to misdirect his anger at my landlord, Mr. Suresh would live to sling chicken and kiss his wife and his daughter another day.
As for us, the danger wouldn’t conclude so neatly. I did, however, have a plan.
Working with the enemy gives a person enough time and paranoia to come up with a backup plan. I always told myself if I needed to run from Gideon and company, I would head for the park. I could hide in the woods, where no traffic cameras or other surveillance equipment would reveal my location. That's what I hoped, anyway, as I led the girl from the street onto a path into a wooded area. A dirt trail dipped and twisted into darkness.
I had traversed it many times during the daytime, on my way to or home from the grocery store, as a kind of escape drill. Still, in the dark, with the rain drizzling through the leaves, the path was precarious. I tripped a couple of times over vines and sticks. We slid as we went, catching ourselves on each other or branches reaching for us from the sides of the trail. The girl behind me said nothing until we hit an area just off the paved greenway in the main section of the park.
“Where is your car? Perhaps we can elude them more effectively if you drive away.”
“Sorry to disappoint you, sweetheart, but I don't have a car.”
We steered clear of the patches of illumination given by lamp posts as I led her alongside the greenway, to a more rugged area of the park where the ground became swampy. I kept to the thin patches of grass, so my boots wouldn't get bogged down in the sludge.
“I thought all humans had cars.”
Humans? She had differentiated herself from me. Anomalies were a slightly different breed from regular people, but we were still human. What did that mean she was?
“If it makes you feel better, I wish I had a car now.”
We descended the riverbank and looped back south toward the greenway bridge over the water to hide in the shadow beneath it. Men jogged across the bridge over our heads. Gideon wasn’t with them, but I could tell by their urgency and dark clothes that they were enforcers. I waited until they were gone.
“Talk fast.” I said to her, “Who are you and what do you know about Michael?”
She spoke in that melodic voice again, “I’m Celeste. Your brother was taken, and he's in danger. We are all in danger.”
That’s when I saw them. Spikes protruded up and out from her back. They were blackish things, gnarled and sharp at the tips.
“What are you?”
“You would call me an angel.”
Anomalies can be crazy, sometimes. They come up with explanations for what they are, not always identifying with the correct species. I once helped apprehend a guy who thought he was an extraterrestrial.
I would save any debate on the subject for later. Whatever the spikes happened to be, they were obviously related to some sort of injury. The stench of blood and decay hung around her in a noxious cloud.
“What happened to you?”
She looked at the ground, “I was unable to fulfill my purpose due to some…improper sentiments toward human beings.”
“How improper?”
“I shouldn’t say. I'm here to redeem myself.”
“How improper?” I repeated. “Did you kill someone or what?”
She hesitated.
I added, “I’m not leaving with you until you spill it.”
“I refused my training because I see no purpose in risking my life to protect such ungrateful, violent children. If I had my way, I would leave you all to the darkness.”
There was a crunching noise from behind her, and she cried out. I caught her to hold her up.
“Okay, that’s enough. I’m sorry.”
“I was cast out for my lack of compassion. The further I stray, the more broken my wings become.”
She flinched as I touched the tip of one of the spikes. A silvery blue liquid clung to my finger. 
“These are bones.”
She nodded.
“And this?” I brought my hand around to show her.
“My blood isn't like yours.”
“The punishment seems extreme. You must really not like people.”
“I have failed to see their merits. Please let me help you. If my wings degrade completely, I won't survive.”
Gideon stopped at the middle of the greenway bridge, “How about the river? Have any of you halfwits gone down there?”
Visible through wooden slats over our heads, the EMF reader in Nigel’s hand flashed and beeped frantically, casting fragments of light down on us. 
He said, “They’re nearby.”
“Get your asses down to the river. I want both of them alive, but feel free to maim them.” Then Gideon called out from the rail, “Olly olly oxen free!”
We ran up the river. I didn’t know the way, but I would figure it out. I had to.

Chapter 2

Gunshots rang out behind us.
“He said he didn’t want us dead!” I shouted back at them. “Morons.”
“I can fight them if you want. I'm very strong.”
“I noticed. Let’s keep that option in mind if we get cornered. I’d rather take my chances with the running first.”
I had an idea. I turned up the hill, away from the river. When I thought we put enough steps between us and our pursuers, I dove into the foliage, taking Celeste with me. We would have a slight gap in the time between their pass and pudgy Gideon catching up, and during that break, we would run another direction.
“Why are we waiting?”
I put my hand over her mouth to silence her as a couple of enforcers went by. They barreled up the trail, practically tripping over each other.
“Now.” I grabbed her hand, and we were off again.
A bullet splintered tree bark inches from my head. Gideon was faster than I gave him credit for. Nigel and his overanxious EMF reader trailed behind.
“Get your asses back here.” Gideon growled.
We abandoned the trail for rougher terrain where we had to dodge trees and hurdle fallen branches. Celeste had better endurance than I did, despite the wounds to her back. She remained composed, not breaking a sweat or breathing hard like I was. My sedentary lifestyle started to take a toll. My legs burned with the strain of running uphill. 
Our only hope was my sense of direction. If we could maintain a reasonably straight course and not circle back toward our pursuers, we would hit the street, eventually. We were in a city, after all. Skyscrapers and shops surrounded the woods on all sides. We just had to get there.
Celeste and I landed on Fourth Avenue, a district populated by empty but illuminated office buildings. I reached into my pocket. My fingers closed around my cell phone. My thumping heart leapt in my chest. 
But who does the loner hermit call for backup? The cops? They would take us for lunatics or freaks, especially when they saw Celeste's back. They wouldn't do anything but detain us. 
An interaction with the police also put them in danger. What if they took me to the police station, and the ravaging got away from me? Every scenario involving law enforcement ended badly in my mind: for them, for me and even the woman who suddenly appeared in my living room.
I dialed up my friend, Teag. When I call him a 'friend', I use the term loosely. Contacting him was risky, but I had no one else. Like me, he worked for the Center, creating online traps for anomalies. Unlike me, he was just a regular guy. We talked pretty often, usually about work or the newest gear they were sending over for us to try out. The man loved his hardware.
“Who is that delicious slice of woman with you?” He skipped the usual greeting. The fact that he was watching us did not surprise me in the least. He could hack into anything, anywhere. “Is that the Lizzy girl I've been hearing about? Man, she is way too hot for you.”
“I need to borrow your car.” 
I ducked off the street, into a dark alley where homeless men were hanging out, playing cards on broken furniture reclaimed from dumpsters or mumbling to themselves in shadowy corners. Celeste took in the urine-scented scene with a kind of horrified awe. I wondered how much human life she'd actually witnessed first-hand. 
Teag went silent.
“Teag?”
“This is some heavy ass shit you're in right now. I have to report you if you come.”
“How about I bring this tasty little morsel over for you to meet and then you can report us after we leave. You stay out of trouble, help me out, and meet the girl.”
“Interesting proposition. I'll think about it.”
“That's not a guarantee of safety.”
Teag laughed, “It's more than what you're working with right now.” He ended the call.
My new friend and I needed to take the train to get to Teag's apartment. We'd be home free if we could get up to the platform without Gideon spotting us. 
Beyond the glass walls of the business district, battered cars and equally battered houses lined the streets. A small group of guys and girls hung out on the curb, passing around brown-bagged bottles. Some kids were out way past their bedtime, but no one moved to bother us.
“Where are we going?” Celeste asked.
“We have to take the L train to Teag's house, so we can borrow his car. What's going on with Michael? The last I heard he was working for the church. Is that why he gets an angelic rescuer?”
My brother was an anomaly, too, only he got a good ability. He could heal someone just by touching them and concentrating. Guess who everyone's favorite was. By the time he reached young adulthood, he figured out the gift could be advantageous in other ways. He started helping people in exchange for money.
“I was told only that he was abducted, that we must be the ones to save him.”
“Surely he's made some friends who can help him out of whatever trouble he's gotten himself into.”
I spotted a train bridge down an adjacent street. We turned that direction, keeping to the sidewalk behind the parked cars. Trees hanging over us offered little in the way of shelter. 
The sprinkle of rain graduated to a shower. It saturated my already wet jacket, my shoes, which were probably toast from all the mud and running through the park anyway. The idea of a warm room seemed more inviting each passing second. I never thought I'd miss the confinement of my hole-in-a-wall apartment.
The rev of an engine broke the quiet, causing us and an older couple sitting on a porch swing to turn at the sound. It was a Center-issued SUV, a big, ominous black truck packed to the gills with tech and weaponry and tools used for the capture of human beings. 
“Damn.” I tilted my face up to the rain and let it wash over me. “I don't suppose you can turn off that super EMF you emit, can you?”
“I don't know what that means.”
Eluding the Center was going to be a giant pain in the ass.
We ran between the houses, to back yards where the truck couldn't reach us. We passed chain-link fences, a truly pissed-off pit bull, rounded a collapsing maintenance shed to plunge into an alley where ruts in the gravel collected rainwater.
Celeste stopped, “Why aren't you using your ability on them? You could kill them with a thought, and yet you allow them to chase you.”
“What I have is an affliction, not an ability. I won't be responsible for anyone else's death.”
“You may rethink that philosophy when they murder you.”
Men clad in dark clothing appeared in the alley. They chased us for blocks, gaining quickly, getting closer and closer until a particularly muscular guy made a grab for Celeste's broken wing.
Her pained shriek pierced the air, and she wheeled around to catch his arm in her long, pale fingers. Her other hand, a closed fist, knocked into his jaw with a force that sent him to the ground in a pitiable heap.
His cohorts slid to a stop on the gravel behind them. A thick-necked thug fired a bullet at Celeste, hitting her squarely in the shoulder. She cringed but stood her ground.
“Enough running.” She said to me and then turned back to them, “You wanted to catch us. Here we are.”
They rushed her - four burly guys who apparently had no qualms about attacking an unarmed girl.
She kicked the first attacker in the chest, giving him choking spasms that landed him on the ground next to his broken-jawed friend. A second man made a play for her arm. She grabbed and swung him away from her to make space for the throat punch she had lined up for the guy behind him.
The enforcer she had thrown stumbled into me and when he realized this good fortune, he clamped his meaty hand on my shirt and threw me onto the gravel, jabbing his knee into my spine. With his hands free, he wrenched my arms behind my back and zip tied my wrists together in an effortless motion. He left me to return to the fight.
Celeste thrust her knee into her next attacker's gut and spun to face the last man standing, the one who had bound my wrists. Silvery blue blood trickled down her arm from where she'd taken a bullet, but the wound didn’t seem to affect her movements. She assumed crouch stance.
Gideon and Nigel hit the alley running, the latter with his eyes on the EMF detector. They had more enforcers in tow. 
I put my knee into the gravel to push myself up. Luckily the guy hadn't hogtied me. 
Having my hands tied behind my back triggered memories of abuse by the Center. Ghostly wounds left by multitudes of blood draws, electroshock piercing my brain, it flooded into my consciousness in a dizzying rush of pain relived. But they never could stop the ravaging. The sickness had grown roots too deep, perhaps in my soul, and now it would rise against them, just as they feared it would. In that moment, I knew how this altercation of ours was going to end.
Celeste took a swing, and the man who had bound me dodged it easily. The bullet wound and the exertion were finally getting to her. He looped his arm around her neck in a sleeper hold. 
Gideon slowed to a stroll at the sight of this victory, “Now you've ruined your life for nothing, boy-o. This little chicken will make a fine addition to our collection.”
I struggled to hold the disease inside me. I couldn't let it out because I was terrified I wouldn't be able to stop. I'd had too many nightmares in which I generated a cloud that spread over the city and killed everyone in its path. I could've tried to make a run for it, but that would mean leaving Celeste to the dogs, and I needed her.
Her adversary forced her to the ground. His arm was still around her neck, and her ability to struggle was waning. He tightened his hold when she attempted to move.
“Just what are you, anyway? I'm not even sure we have a classification that fits.” He bent down to get a good look at her, tilted her face toward him, and squeezed her cheeks. “And what exactly are these?” He took hold of one of the spikes on her back and gave it a shake.
She shrieked again, an otherworldly painful sound that caused every dog in a mile radius to howl. Gideon held his thumb and fingers up to inspect them, “This is your blood. Boys, I think we have an alien.”
“Vesaythe gorhens foalec. I'm not an alien.” She spat at him.
“Nigel. Language.” He snapped his fingers.
Nigel lowered his head next to Gideon's, “Not sure. Almost sounds like mangled Latin.”
“Record it.”
“I already am.”
“If not alien, then what are you? English, please, if you would be so kind.”
“I'm a messenger from God. I'm here to assist Hunter with the search for his brother.”
“God, huh. Do you think you're the first anomaly to claim divine origins? I'm going to need you to do better than that.”
I couldn't breathe without releasing the sickness into the air. The urgency of its desire to escape had grown past the point I could stop it; I knew. It coursed through me like a wild animal on the verge of breaking free of its cage. My head spun with my effort to hold it in. 
Celeste said calmly, “Hunter. Do what you need to do for your brother. These men are of no consequence.”
Gideon backhanded her, “Hunter follows my orders if he wants to live, not yours.”
I shook my head back and forth, swayed on my feet. I looked up at Gideon, and he looked at me, and realization that I would unleash the ravaging quashed that eternally cocksure attitude of his. He pushed through Nigel as he turned to run. Unfortunately, no one was fast enough.
I directed the disease at them with the hope it wouldn't hit Celeste. The man holding her toppled sideways into a gravel puddle. The rest of their crew fell after him. They writhed on the wet ground, skin black, eyes wide with terror. 
Only my new friend and I remained unaffected. She rose, rubbing her throat. 
“You okay?”
“I will be fine.”
Despite the unsettling nature of what we were witnessing, I had to admit I was almost fascinated by the effect I had on them. I knew enough about the ravaging to realize the importance of repressing it, but this...I had reduced them to near death in a matter of seconds. I was a badass. After all the years they treated me like a dog, they deserved to die in a dark alley with their faces in the dirt.
She said into my ear, “You have control. Take a deep breath and release them.”
I did just that, and the sickness dissipated. The men hacked and gasped.
“We should move on before they recover.” She broke the zip tie binding my wrists with a quick snap.
“I have to do something first.” I found a cinder block behind a garage and carried it over to smash Nigel's damn EMF reader to shiny bits and pieces. They would just pick up another one from the Center, but I figured that might buy us some time.
We headed back to the street. A short run later, we were at the base of the stairs leading up to the Blue Line L train we would have to take to get to Teag's place.
Celeste was fascinated by everything, the turnstile, the train map and graffiti on the wall. She was especially fascinated by the people. Those who decided to brave the elements were a bit more, let's say, eccentric than the usual fare. A woman toted around an iguana like it was a baby. A very old man with Nazi tattoos on his face walked with a scantily-clad woman who could have passed for his granddaughter on his arm. A clean-cut ten year old boy tried to sell us shrooms as we passed.
“No, thank you. I'm not hungry.” Celeste replied cheerily.
A guy with a cotton candy pink tuft of hair on top of his head noticed us. He wore no shirt under the suspenders holding up his immensely soiled rainbow pants.
“I know you.” He stepped between me and Celeste.
“I don't think you do, buddy.” I told him.
“I don't believe we've met.” Celeste said.
After the display back in the alley, I had no doubt that she could handle herself, but I still didn't like the maniac getting close to her. He reeked like three-day old cat piss and cigarettes.
“Yes, we have. I saw you last night, falling like a meteor. Shooting.” He made a swoosh sound coupled with a motion with his hand from the sky toward the ground. 
She tried to go around him. He stepped in front of her like the gentleman he clearly was.
He continued, “You killed my friend Lou.”
“I don't know anyone named Lou. I believe you're mistaken.”
“Get out of the way. No one but you knows Lou, you goddamn tweaker.” I shoved him.
“That bitch owes me a Lou, and I'm not leaving until I get one.”
I took Celeste's arm to keep her close as we moved away from him. No way was I letting him separate us again. 
Rainbow Pants trailed after, “Whore. I always told him some skank would be the death of him. I didn't know she'd drop out of the sky to do him in. Be ashamed. He was a good guy, Lou. He didn't deserve what he got.” Snot ran from his nose over his mouth.
I didn't have time to deal with his delusions, “Leave us alone or I'll remove you from the platform.” 
He seemed to mentally evaluate this threat, glancing down at the track before deciding that his Lou wasn't worth his life. I'm not a violent guy but that night, with the sickness just begging to get out again and Gideon and his gang hunting us, I could've done anything. 
Our train pulled up to the platform as he retreated back the way he came. The doors opened to a blessedly dry interior. Once inside, I fell into the seat, exhausted. By some miracle, we were alone.
“I don't know how much longer I can keep this up.” I shook moisture from my hair.
My new friend was just as fascinated by the train itself as she was the platform, “What is this?” She touched the base of the window and the back of the seat.
“It's a train. How does your shoulder feel? Do you need a doctor or anything?” Not that I knew a medical professional who specialized in angels.
“The wound has healed. Who is Lou?”
“Lou is probably that guy's imaginary friend. Rainbow Pants was nuts. Don't worry about him.”
“Nuts?”
“Yeah, as in crazy. He lost touch with reality. His brain is no longer among us.” I made a UFO sound effect and pointed to my head.
She nodded, but I could tell she didn't really get it. How do you explain a tweaker to someone who has never lived among us?
We rode the line up to the Loop and got off. That platform was much saner than the last one, thank God. It was virtually abandoned with no one waiting and only a couple other people disembarking. 
Unfortunately the rain hadn't relented in the least. Water pooled around clogged sewer grates. It overflowed potholes and made ponds of uneven sidewalks. It streamed from gutters and soaked garbage. 
Mannequins in shop window displays taunted us with dry clothes just out of reach. Sign after sign informed us they were closed due to the weather. 
Teag lived blocks away from a nearby intersection. I'd been to his apartment for meetings with Gideon and once for an informal Center party. It was a nice place, sparse, cleaner than my apartment, for sure. The building was brightly lit when we arrived. I pressed the call button.
“Yeah?”
“It's me. Can I come up?”
There was a pause, and the door buzzed. I ran in, thankful to get out of the storm. In the dry interior, the extent of my soaking became almost painfully apparent. My shoes sloshed across the floor. I didn't bother trying to wipe them off, much to the chagrin of the prissy elderly lady at the mailboxes. I removed my jacket and resisted the urge to wring it out in front of the elevator doors.
Teag's apartment was on the fourth floor. This location was an odd choice for him. Teag loved tech. The building in which he lived was constructed in the thirties. Everything about the art deco hallway screamed old school class, while the inside of his apartment was cold and unapologetically modern.
Blinking in the warm, hallway light, he pulled on a Bulls jersey as he opened the door. The apartment behind him was dark with the exception of the glare of blue light playing across the hard wood floor. Teag was surprised to see us.
“You're alone?”
“We evaded Gideon. Can I still borrow your car?”
He pushed his glasses up the bridge of his nose and stuck his head into the hall to make sure nobody followed us, “How did you manage to do that?”
“We kicked ass. Can I borrow your car or do we have to steal it?”
“You're certainly pushy today. Come in. Be quick. I'm not losing my job over you.” He hit the switch next to the door, and the overhead lights flickered to life. He spotted Celeste, “Hey there, sexy-sexy. Come here often?”
She shook her head no.
“Want to?”
“Do you have some clothes we can borrow?” I changed the subject.
“You mean borrow and never return because Gideon's going to cram you into the deepest, darkest hole he can find?”
“Thanks for the vote of confidence.”
“Wait in here. I'll get you some things I don’t mind parting with.”
A shelf on the other side of the living room drew Celeste. Colorful, modern sculptures were arranged in front of a painting of a red and orange sunset over a green ocean.
Computers were set up next to the shelf. Several monitors showed street scenes. The monitor on the far right ran some kind of process. Status updates flashed across the screen. The setup at my house was similar with the exception of personal preferences. The bundle of hardware already felt foreign to me. I would never be able to return to what I did before, especially after I attacked Gideon. 
“I've heard about art,” Celeste broke into my thoughts, “that humans paint us. Why?”
I shrugged, “Different reasons. Angels can symbolize hope. They're used in some Biblical scenes. Let's face it, the wings are pretty cool, when they're in good shape, I mean.”
The smile fell from her face.
“Sorry. I didn't really mean it to come out like that.”
“Don't apologize. I've said worse about your kind. Do angels symbolize hope to you?”
“God hasn't done me many favors.”
She mumbled, “Tell me about it.”
Teag called me into his room. His furniture was all lacquered black and more soulless modern art occupied the walls. Clothes were scattered on the bed next to a backpack. 
He handed me a set of keys, “It’s a Center SUV. Don’t forget the tracker under the hood.”
“So you decided to help us.”
“If anyone asks, you took the stuff by force. I have to admit that I want to see how this plays out. What's the deal, anyway? I always knew there was a chance you would bail, but why now? Why her?”
I laid it out as simply as I could, even though he wouldn't believe me, “She's an angel sent from God to help me rescue my kidnapped brother.”
He laughed, “No, seriously. Is she into you or what?”
“I'm serious. Michael is in some kind of trouble. Do you really think I would abandon my life for a piece of ass?”
He put a hand on my shoulder, “Stranger events have occurred. You know I had to call Gideon, right?”
“I figured you did. They're busy picking up a new EMF reader for Nigel. He's worthless without it, you know.”
“Are you kidding? He's worthless with it. I mean, what is that guy - the butler? What is his function aside from carrying that noise box around? He doesn't fight. He doesn't shoot. I don't think he's even that smart.”
I changed out of the wet clothes, into a dry Chicago Bears shirt and stuffed the rest into the backpack. I picked up a feminine gray shirt with a tattoo-style graphic of a sparrow on the front and the sleeves ripped off and a pair of black jeans.
“Where'd these come from?”
Teag stretched and scratched his stomach under his shirt, “This hot chick I met at the club left them here after a crazy night.”
I cocked an eyebrow at him.
He came clean, “My sister left it here a couple of months ago.”
I slung the bag over my shoulder. Teag gave us some bottles of water and a box of protein bars for the road. Celeste changed into the shirt and pants in the bathroom while we waited in the living room.
“Turn your phone off.” He advised me.
“I will.” I gave him a playful punch on the shoulder at the door, “You’re a better friend than you let on.”
“Don't tell anybody. Get out of here before Gideon shows up. The truck is in the lot behind the building.”
He directed us to a staircase down the hall, which led out the back door to the parking lot. Celeste and I found our ride under a light post. I tossed the pack into the driver’s seat and popped the hood. The tracker was a black box at the back of the doghouse, nestled in a bundle of wires.
“It's bolted in. I didn't think to ask about tools.” As I moved to see if Teag had a tool box in the back, a crunching, squealing sound came from the hood. I poked my head around the truck to see Celeste drop the blinking box onto the blacktop.
“Jesus. I'm glad you're on my side.”
“Jesus?”
“The expression, not the guy.”
“Where are we going?”
“Michael's last known location was just outside a town called Galveston in the state of Missouri.”
“Last known location? Is he there now?”
“I don't know.”
“God can't tell you where he is?”
“He did not choose to provide me with that information.”
“Super.” I started the engine. 
The gas tank was full. I turned off my cell. And with Celeste the angel in awe of all the lights we passed, we drove into the night, onto the highway to leave Chicago behind. I watched the skyline disappear in my rearview, wondering if I would ever see it or my apartment again and wondering if I really wanted to.

Chapter 3

Michael was eight and I was six years old. We huddled in the back yard, over a ditch by the fence in which a small creek sometimes formed after prolonged rain. Potent sunlight filtered through the tree branches over our heads.
“You killed it.” He poked a dead toad with a stick.
We were fighting - the two of us - just moments before that. My father had given him a candy bar. I had received nothing, as usual. Michael always got the treats.
“Did not! I didn't even touch it.”
The toad's skin had run black with the sickness, but I didn't know what it was yet. I had no idea what a monster I was.
“You killed it like you killed her.”
Our mother died in childbirth, so he had always blamed me for her death - an idea he got from my father, who had implied just as much when he was especially unhappy with me. Until the moment with the toad, he hadn't made a solid connection to my role in her demise. Neither had I. Her death was little more than a story to us until we both saw, then we understood. 
“Her skin was black, the doctor, too. I heard Dad tell Grandma Bez.”
“Stop lying.” I pushed him.
“As soon as you came out and started crying.”
“Take it back. That's not true.” I held the tears at bay, but Michael didn't. His flowed freely down his red face.
“You make people die. I loved her.”
He had often teased me about his time with our mother before I spoiled everything. He claimed he could remember, though he was only two when I came into the world on a wave of misfortune. He had never accused me so outright before, not with such vehemence. He shoved me down, ran into the house screaming for our father.  
I stayed behind, staring at the animal at my feet, confused. If I had killed our mother and the toad, why hadn't anyone around me died since the day of my birth? I had many questions and no one to ask. I knew only that this evil had come from me, and it would come again if I lost my temper.  
So I sat to wait for the emotions to simmer down. Experience told me that if I went into the house while they were both upset - and Michael's distress always made Dad angry - then I would get a beating, not a someone-call-the-cops beating but severe enough that I had the good sense to avoid it. I was afraid for what might happen to Michael and Dad, as well.
“Sorry.” I said to them, the toad and her. 
Celeste stirred in the passenger seat. She had fallen asleep with her body positioned, so the jagged and bleeding tips of her ruined wings weren't compressed between her and the seat. I was surprised she could sleep with such a seemingly dire injury. I could only imagine the violence required to rip the wings away. 
She was beautiful, though, her skin smooth in the glow of the car gauges. I didn't understand how anyone could be cruel to her, no matter what she thought of us. 
Hours into the drive, I turned on the radio to keep myself awake. Every component of my surroundings participated in a conspiracy to lull me to sleep as I drove, the rhythmic sweep of the windshield wipers, the persistent shower of rain and the deep thrum of the engine, even the quiet in lieu of pursuit by the Center. I cranked the air conditioner, figuring that a blast of cold air might keep me going for a while longer.
I hadn't seen any headlights from other cars in a while when an odd reflection appeared on the windshield. The image of a woman with long, straight hair and dark eyes formed there like a projection. Tattoos covered her skin from her neck down her arms. She observed me as if through some window connecting our worlds.
“Wake up.” Thinking I must be caught in some lucid dream, I smacked myself across the face.
A quick scan of the truck interior revealed nothing that might create the reflection. When I turned back, she was still there. 
“That’s it. I’m hallucinating. I give up for the night.”
I veered into the parking lot at the Mountain View Motel just before the Missouri state line. Interesting name seeing as it had no mountain and no view. The building looked like it was constructed in the 80s and painted in the 70s. The walls were brick, the trim goldenrod, and the lighting was barely sufficient to illuminate the stairways and ancient vending machines.
If we had any good fortune coming our way, Gideon had also given up for the night. He had to sleep at some point, right?
I nudged Celeste, “Hey. You want to go sleep in a bed?”
“Naules kershet.” She spoke in her language. I guessed it was the angel equivalent of a request for a few more minutes.
I dragged the backpack into the front seat.
“Come on. I know waking up sucks, but you'll thank me when you get to stretch out.”
The interior of the place was just as dingy as the exterior. Where the yellowed walls met, a television blared a Three Stooges rerun. A man in a fedora, sitting in a tweed recliner with its back to us, roared with laughter, seemingly competing with the volume of the television. 
Cigarette smoke clouded the lobby, the source being a peroxide blonde with a Virginia Slim perched neatly between her knobby fingers. Her other hand paged through a PennySaver open flat on the desk. She rolled her eyes when we walked in.
“Can you take a debit card?” I asked the queen of customer service.
“Extra ten dollar fee.” She smacked her gum at the end of the statement to punctuate it.
“Fine. We need two beds, please.” I handed her the card. 
Just as with the whole escape route through the park thing, I had also prepared financially for this inevitable run. I started an account that I kept secret from the Center. I never harbored any illusions that my employment would keep me safe from them. 
The fact that no one inquired about my account since I opened it two years prior gave me hope that they hadn't yet discovered it. Or maybe they just wanted me to believe I'd gotten away with it, so they could use the account to track me. 
A female news anchor cut in on the Stooges to report that the Mississippi River was close to breaching its banks in some low-lying areas. Fedora man let a string of obscenities at the interruption to his regularly scheduled programming.
“Flash flooding has been reported in several surrounding counties. If you encounter flooding, move to higher ground immediately. Do not attempt to travel through high water. Please report flooding to the National Weather Service.”
Celeste said, “It will get much worse in the coming days.” She yawned.
I had fifty bucks in my wallet. I slid a twenty dollar bill across the counter, “If anyone comes looking for us, we aren't here.”
“Gee, thanks, big spender. My lips are sealed.” She went back to her PennySaver.
“Why was that woman so angry?” Celeste asked on the way to our room.
I shrugged, “Life didn't turn out the way she planned? Who knows?”
The room was past the vending machines in the hall, at the back of the building. Not many cars were parked in the rear lot. Beyond the edge of the pavement spread an ocean of darkness, a farm field. Maybe the motel had some kind of view, after all.
Most of the windows we passed were dark. In fact, the place seemed mostly deserted, which was fine by me. The less attention we drew, the better. 
I ran the key card through the slot in the door, and the ensuing click gave me a sense of relief. Here we would find respite from the chaos.
The idea that I should move the truck from the front of the motel crossed my mind, but exhaustion hastily dismissed it. Should Gideon get close enough to the motel before we checked out, the location of our truck wouldn't matter. Front or back, he would find it, and there was some comfort in admitting that particular futility, probably because it removed me from the responsibility of acting.
Our room was reasonably clean. The style of decor from the lobby carried over, everything worn and circa the seventies. It smelled like must and stale cigarette smoke as if the woman at the counter had followed us. The furniture was worn down from the many previous travelers, but I was happy to see it, just the same. We were out of the rain, out of the car. We might even get some sleep.
I barely had the energy to turn out the light before I collapsed into the bed. I lay awake, on my side, facing Celeste. She fell asleep instantly, of course. She had never woken up completely after leaving the truck. 
An angel. My life would never be the same. I would never be the same. This possible proof of the existence of our deity was too much to process with my depleted energy. I closed my eyes.
The woman from the glass and I were alone together in a place that looked like a cave. Shadows cast by a fire slithered along the wall, creatures circling. She spoke to me in words I couldn't understand, their meaning just out of reach. When I told her I didn't know the language, she became more insistent. She came for me through the edge of the flame, put her hands on my face, and heat surged into my veins, bringing with it nausea. 
I woke in the motel, shaking like I had a fever. I couldn't have been asleep long because the sky outside was still dark. Celeste slept peacefully in the bed next to me.
Disoriented, I staggered to the bathroom, switched on the light, and hung onto the sink for support. Emotional pain weighed down the beating of my heart with the intensity of all the bad shit that had ever happened to me, my dad's resentment, the loss of the mother I never knew, the lonely nights, my brother going missing, Gideon and the Center. A wave of misery hit me, and I fell to the floor and vomited the remnants of a protein bar into the toilet. 
I caught my breath, then slumped back against the wall to wait for my stomach to stop lurching. Thoughts whirled. Fear that I'd contracted a virus, that I was suffering an intense mental breakdown, those made sense. Others didn't, like the woman in my dream had attacked me. Could the sickness turn on me? Could a ravager ravage himself? I grappled for an explanation for what was happening as the nausea subsided.
I wiped my face as I stood, trembling, to rinse my mouth.
The woman appeared in the mirror. I spun to face the stained shower curtain, pulled it back. Empty bathtub. I had to get out of the motel room. The notion of fresh air held promise.
I put on my shoes as quietly as I could to keep from waking Celeste. I pulled on my jacket and took the prescription bottle from my pocket. I swallowed a pill without washing it down.
Outside, the rain had slowed to a drizzle. Puddles in the parking lot were deepening. I made my way to the vending machines I'd seen in the hall, thinking a carbonated beverage might soothe the firestorm in my stomach.
My madness chased me. Her reflection there was clearer and larger. She'd moved closer to her side of the glass. I didn't check for her presence behind me because she wouldn’t be there. Her game didn't abide by simple rules like that. She smiled at me again.
“What are you?” I asked her like the nutcase I was apparently becoming.
The symbols on her arms and chest, tattoos of glyphs, writhed and blurred and flickered, causing the bile to rise up my throat once more. I backed away. I wiped the sweat from my brow with both hands, and when I looked back, she had disappeared.
Too long since I had taken my meds - that was the problem. The Center gave me the pills to balance my emotions, so I wouldn’t accidentally ravage anyone. Anxiety had taken hold. How many hours since my last dose? The meds wouldn't work if I didn't take them regularly.
Instead of heading back inside, I went out, into the rain, into the parking lot. Being close to other people didn't seem like a good idea. I needed to get a grip.
My hand in my pocket found a plastic bag.
Please let that be what I think it is. I pulled out the bag. There was a joint and a lighter inside. Praise be unto herbal medicine. I never thought of myself as needing weed, but something to dull the razor edge of my nerves was necessary.
A green dumpster in the far corner of the lot seemed like a good place to be alone. I crossed the lot, keeping an eye out for security or the police, but out in the boonies, no one really cares what you do. I stuck the joint in my mouth and cupped a hand over it to light the end. 
I closed my eyes, took a deep drag and immediately felt better. Soon, I would be level enough that I could go back inside and sleep until it was time to run again. My rattled nerves calmed as the world fell back into order. Another drag pushed the stress farther away. 
As I stared into the night, my mind wandered to the assignment presented to me by Celeste. Michael. Did he deserve a rescue? When we were kids, he made a full-time hobby of causing me problems. He hated me. Interestingly enough, I didn’t hate him. 
Would he even want me to save him? With my luck, I would travel all that way, screw up my entire life, and he would be fine. He wouldn’t need my help. Hell, this whole drama with Celeste could be a lie. Just a way to destroy what little stability I’d established for myself.
My vision adjusted to the darkness, and I saw how vast the field before me was. The expanse stretched out as far as I could see under a night sky heavy with cloud cover. The ground, covered in rows of green sprouts, rose and dipped so that rainwater gathered in some parts. In the distance, in a stand of trees, a single light shone. A house?
I detected movement near my feet and looked down to find the woman still haunting me. Her reflection floated in a wide puddle in the dirt where the pavement ended. My pulse quickened. Her image was brighter than before. Her expression had gained a certain hungry quality. I took another hit off the joint with the hope of making her disappear. No such luck.
She motioned toward the field. 
I listened for the sounds of Gideon’s men descending on the parking lot, in case this vision of her was a warning. The parking lot was just as quiet as before. I looked back to the water. She was still there.
Against all good sense, I stepped down from the pavement into mud to venture into darkness. I wouldn't go far; I told myself. She wouldn't leave me alone until she got what she wanted.
I held my eyes to the ground to avoid falling into the ruts. A shadow darted behind me, a coyote. Another passed in front of me, a scrawny thing, more scraggly than intimidating. As they went about their coyote business, more joined them. They didn't seem aggressive. They didn't growl or bare their teeth. They didn't even really seem to notice me.
The illumination in the trees ahead moved. The orb swayed, dodged trees, and then entered the field to drift toward me. The color of it brightened from golden yellow to almost white, and all of a sudden, it burst into particles like stars. 
When I looked down to see what my canine companions were making of this scene, I found them seated around me, not looking at the swath of earthbound stars but at me, as if waiting for me to offer command, their eyes glowing.
The galaxy floated in the air around me with voices like whispering and singing, some of them laughing. I put out my hand, and they swirled around my fingers, grazing my palm with their warmth. I had never felt so free and welcome by anyone, but these strange beings, this was an embrace from a force I didn't understand but was still somehow a part of.
Then I heard the woman's voice, “Never fear what you are, Hunter. They've lied to you.”
“Who?”
The stars shifted in a river around me in waves that rose and fell, dimmed and brightened.
The woman continued, “You don't need drugs. You don't need them to confine you. Control was always yours. You need only to believe.”
I was jolted from the stars by a rough shove that landed me in the mud. I blinked in the sudden darkness, threw myself onto my back.
Furious, Celeste loomed over me, “Why did you leave the room?”
“I went to the vending machine.”
“This is not the vending machine.”
I rose, brushing off my pants. The coyotes were gone, as were the stars.
“You scared them away.”
“Who?” She scanned the field.
“The stars.”
“There's nothing here. I cannot protect you if you're going to wander off while I sleep.”
“I never asked you to protect me.” I started back toward the motel room. Celeste trailed after me.
“My life depends on the success of this mission. Your protection is part of my order. If I have to confine you, I will.”
That threat sounded disturbingly Center.
“So what if I decide that my brother isn't worth the trouble? He isn't, you know. All he ever did was torment me.”
“You're in as much danger as he is.”
“I am now, thanks to you.”
I waited until we were in the room before continuing the conversation, “How do I know that what you say is the truth? Why should I trust you?” 
These were questions I hadn't even thought of asking before she pulled me away from my communion with the stars and coyotes. I was bitter about having to leave it behind. The bizarre meeting had planted a need in me, like I had come close to finding what my life was missing. I belonged. And she yanked me from it to scold me like a child.
“God has sent me -”
“Anyone can say that. How do I know you're an angel? How do I know you aren't just another crazy like Mr. Rainbow Pants back on the train platform?”
“I don't know what proof I have to offer. You just need to have faith.”
“Faith? Why is that always the go-to answer for religious types? I need more compelling evidence than whatever the hell that is sticking out of your back.”
I hadn't even considered the possibility that she might pose a threat in ways aside from inciting the wrath of the Center. I would need to keep an eye on her.
“Don't bother me again until morning.”
I returned to bed without another word to her. After all that happened, I thought I might have trouble sleeping, but I didn't.  

 
Chapter 4
 
The next morning, I opened the curtains to clouds hanging low over the field behind the motel. A thick, persistent mist drenched an already waterlogged countryside. 
Celeste was quiet while we dressed to leave. I felt her watching me as I packed up. She was afraid I was going to take off again. That concern wasn't too far out of the realm of possibility. I didn't like feeling trapped. I'd had enough of being intimidated.
A flier on the television stand advertised a diner at the west end of the building. I needed substantial food before I went anywhere. We had passed the night without a Gideon-related incident, so I figured we would be okay to stick around long enough to get some eggs in our stomachs before we took off.
I slung the backpack over my shoulder, and we walked together in pensive silence. I caught myself checking the windows for signs of the woman I'd seen the night before, the bringer of stars. I wanted to return to that field, to the galaxy of warmth and the wild dogs at my feet. What would have happened if Celeste hadn't interrupted?
The woman wasn't there that morning, but I did catch faint impressions of the glyphs from her tattoos in the windows we passed. Like the stars, Celeste couldn't see it. I decided not to tell her anything further about these miracles for fear she would somehow steal the magic from me. These events were signs that I was connected to something. I needed to hold onto it, at least until I figured out what it was.
Our Center SUV sat untouched, right where I'd left it the previous night. I hoped that meant we had lost Gideon for good. I didn’t know what the range on the EMF detectors was. Maybe we had gained enough distance that he wouldn't be able to find us. That was a beautiful thought - freedom from Gideon. He wasn't as heartless as other Center agents could be, but he was still an asshole.
I dropped off the keys at the office and checked us out. The old man and the smoking blond were replaced by a mild-mannered guy in a Rolling Stones shirt. He advised us to try the ham omelet in the diner but to steer clear of the cinnamon grits.
“What are grits?” Celeste asked when we were outside.
“Trust me, you don't want those.”
The diner color scheme clashed with that of the motel to which it was attached. The awning was striped blue, green and yellow. A teenager in an apron with matching stripes met us at the door. She had a cheerleader smile and menus clutched to her chest.
“Good morning!” She was the polar opposite of the woman from the motel office graveyard shift. “You must be Hunter.”
My stomach dropped.
“How do you know my name?” 
“Your friends are already here. Come on. I'll show you to the table.” She turned and practically skipped ahead.
Celeste said into my ear, “You go sit down. I will assess the situation and join you.”
The waitress prattled on, unaware of the panic settling over me, “Our hostess called in sick today, so I'm on double-duty. I don't mind, though. It's not too busy today 'cause of the flooding. Where're y'all from?”
“Chicago.”
Gideon couldn't be there, no way. He would've stormed our room. He would have broken windows, kicked down the door and beat the crap out of me, especially after the way we left him in the alley. He wouldn't wait idly in a diner on the possibility that we might show up. Could he be that cocky? Was I that predictable?
“My sister goes to Loyola University. She says the boys are super cute, but they're all players. I'm Felicia, by the way.”
I followed her through the tables and chairs. Other diners were older people, some farmer types. A corner table held four enthusiastic oldsters whose gossip about the locals was loud enough reach across the room. A chrome and glass case to the right held pies, bagels and cinnamon rolls that I could smell as we moved by. Beyond an open door behind the dessert counter, a man in a hair net worked a grill. No part of my surroundings gave an indication of the presence of danger.
We came to a wall composed primarily of shelves displaying country knickknacks like ceramic roosters, painted pigs, and various arrangements of plastic fruit, then entered a secondary dining room. I stopped. I can't say who I wanted to find there, maybe the woman from the glass. My brother would have been even better, not because I missed him, but because this ordeal with Celeste would be over.
Gideon wiped his mouth with a napkin and motioned to the seat across from him in the booth by the window.
“Morning, sunshine.” He said.
Several men dressed all in black were scattered around the room, some sitting, some standing, one stationed near Gideon. Nigel sat next to him, grinning stupidly with gappy teeth. The partners both wore their usual suits and cop-style aviator sunglasses. They made a lovely couple.
I put down the backpack and reluctantly slid into the bench across from them.
“What can I get you to drink?” Felicia handed me a menu and placed the other one on the table for Celeste.
“Coffee and water. She'll have water.”
Do angels drink coffee?
“Great. Be right back.” Felicia left for the kitchen.
I could have taken them all out with the sickness, but the armed enforcers were mingled with the regular people just trying to eat their breakfasts. I wasn't ready to murder a bunch of innocents for my own well-being. Gideon surrounded us with civilians to discourage me from ravaging them again.
He said, “We considered breaking down the door while you slept this morning. Nigel was certain you would stop in here for a bite before you left. Good thing because I was fricking starving after driving for hours to catch up with your asses. I highly recommend the ham omelet.”
“I hear it's good”
“Where's the girl?”
“She's around.”
“You must know she isn't an angel, right?”
“I don't know what she is.”
He took some bites of his breakfast, then said, “She's just as crazy as the rest of them. Do you remember that guy in Nevada?”
“The gamer?”
Nigel snort-laughed.
Gideon put his fork on his plate, “Calvin. He literally thought he was God. He had even developed an impressive following in World of Warcraft. They were a bunch of nerds, but followers are followers. Am I right?”
“She has wings.” I was still pissed but for some reason, I felt the need to defend her. Part of me wanted her to be an angel. Or part of me didn't want Gideon, of all people, to take that away from her.
He laughed, “Those aren't wings. She probably glued a bunch of sticks to her back. Really, that's some fake shit, like old school special effects. In fact, I don't think I would even give them that level of credibility. It's pathetic.”
“She was strong enough to give your guys a good ass-beating.” I nodded at the closest enforcer who had a bruised face. 
“You're following the female equivalent of Calvin. That makes you a moron. She isn't worth all this trouble. She isn't worth you risking your life.”
“Now you're feeding me a line. You don't know what she is any more than I do.”
Felicia delivered our drinks. I ordered a couple of ham omelets. We still needed to eat, and Gideon didn't appear to be in the mood to snatch us and run.
Celeste came into the room, eyeing each of Gideon's men warily. They allowed her to sit on the bench next to me. She communicated everything she needed to with a look and a slight shake of her head. She didn't find a smooth way out.
“We're happy you could join us this morning.” Gideon said with the most condescending tone he could muster. “We're going to take you to a place with other people who are just as special as you are.”
She glared at him over the table, saying nothing. 
Nigel spoke up, “What was that language you were speaking last night?” He pulled his phone from his breast pocket and played a recording of her voice for her. Other restaurant patrons, who had been polite enough to pretend they weren't eavesdropping, stopped eating and talking to listen more intently. The room fell silent with the exception of her words coming from his phone. 
I was surprised no one had questioned what Gideon's men were doing there. I half-expected someone to call the cops or something, but they didn’t. They preferred to let the show go on.
He added, “We ran it through the system. It's nothing. It's gibberish, isn't it?” 
He awaited this confirmation of his theory with the eagerness of a know-it-all in need of validation.
“My language doesn't matter, and I'm not coming with you.” This defiance was stated calmly.
Gideon narrowed his eyes at her. I loved that he couldn't figure her out.
Felicia brought our plates. Celeste and I dug in like we were starving. I didn't care if Gideon and Nigel were there; the omelet tasted amazing. Rolling Stones t-shirt guy was right.
The cellular phone in my pocket vibrated, which was weird because I had turned it off like Teag advised me to do. I didn't want to take a call in front of Gideon.
“I have to take a leak.” I edged Celeste out of the booth.
All Center personnel in the room tensed.
“That's not a good idea.” Nigel said.
“I think it is a good idea, unless you want me to pee here or maybe in the truck on the way to the Center. Where am I going to go? Enforcers are posted everywhere. It's like the Secret Service up in here.”
Gideon signaled the guards to let me through. A particularly burly one with tribal tattoos up both bulging forearms and a spike haircut escorted me.
The men's room was just past the kitchen, down a short hall lined with photographs of the motel construction and the proud owners. Spike hair guy came into the bathroom with me. I wasn't going to get rid of him. I pushed the stall door open.
“I thought you had to piss.”
“I do have to piss. I’d rather not do it with a hostile audience.”
I took the still vibrating phone out of my pocket, praying Spike couldn’t hear it. The screen glowed, no picture, no phone number. I pressed the talk button and held it to my ear.
“I don't hear any pissing.” My pet enforcer nagged.
I rolled my eyes, undid my pants, and assumed the position, with the phone still to my ear. If I said anything, Spike would kick the door in and take my phone, so I just listened.
Make it fast. I sent the message into the phone with my mind.
“You must escape from the men who are holding you.” A woman's voice said.
No shit.
“Hurry up.” The goon banged on the door.
“When you leave the restroom to return to the dining area, a series of events will occur that will enable you to escape. Use the opportunity to run through the kitchen to the door at the back of the building. Your enemy has a truck running there.”
“Don’t make me rip the door off the hinges and beat you with it.”
I zipped my pants, “Don't get your pantyhose in a bunch. I'm done.” I told him.
“You must first use the ravaging to weaken the man guarding you, then return to your table. Take the path that presents itself. Remember what I told you last night. You must believe in your ability to control yourself. You are strong enough. Go now.”
I wouldn't have chosen a crowded restaurant to test the limits of my control, but I didn't have much of a choice. Should Gideon and company get us anywhere near the truck and its accoutrement, our mission was done for.
She spoke as if she heard my thoughts, “Focus your ravage by laying your hand on him. When you've done what you need to, draw it back inside. Command it.”
I opened the stall door and Spike yanked me out by the front of my jacket. His face contorted with rage at the sight of the phone in my hand.
“No you don't.” He grasped my arm.
I pushed the sickness on him in a wave that emanated from deep within me. Veins in his neck ran black, up his face, and he fell back gagging, taking me with him to the floor.
He held onto me as he flailed in an effort to get back up. I pushed harder. Blood trickled from his nose and his mouth, and he finally loosened his grip. I grabbed him with the hand not holding the phone. I don't know what came over me, but I didn't want to stop myself. I wanted him to die.
“Hunter, you must hurry. Leave him.” Her voice sounded distant.
I concentrated on the ravage, the sensation of it passing through my skin into the enforcer. I willed it to reverse course, and it did, hitting me with electricity that shocked every corner of my body. The sensation was intense, but I recovered quickly.
My victim? Not so much. He lay unconscious on the floor, motionless, save the rise and fall of his chest with each ragged breath.
“You're the woman from the glass. Who are you?” I paused in the hallway outside the restroom. “What am I to you?”
“My name is Llewyn.” There was a click, then silence.
I put the phone in my jacket pocket.
The diner was about to slide into chaos. I took stock of the people in the room. The breakfast crowd had all but dissipated. An enforcer watching the parking lot through the front door hadn't noticed us go into the restroom or me come out alone. The gossiping old ladies were gone. A bus boy was clearing the huge mess they left. 
Two old men lingered over coffee near the wall with the ceramic roosters and plastic fruit. The cook was in the kitchen, removing what looked like hash browns from a deep fryer. 
The civilians in the rear dining room were gone when I returned. Their absence amplified the tension in the room considerably. With them went any reason our parties had to maintain social decorum.
Gideon went on high alert when he saw me come back alone. He withdrew a pistol from the holster in his jacket and placed it next to his empty plate. 
“Where is Steven?” 
“He went on break.” I stood next to the table as Gideon, Nigel and Celeste looked up at me expectantly. Was I supposed to sit back down? Go on attack? What?
Enforcers were stationed throughout the room, one next to Gideon, two near the ceramic rooster dividing wall and another one near the door into the kitchen. Three men sitting at tables rose and drew their pistols. Celeste sensed what was about to go down and wrapped her fingers around the backpack strap.
“Looks like our moment of civility has reached an abrupt end.” Gideon said.
“I didn't even get to finish my eggs.”
Felicia walked in from the kitchen, and at the sight of the armed men, dropped the steaming pot of coffee to the floor where it shattered. The enforcer closest to me threw his arm around my neck.
Celeste flew from the booth, feet first, kicking the guy holding me in the knee. He crumpled to the floor. 
Gideon made a clumsy grab through the dishes on the table for his pistol, then planted his foot on the bench to launch into the fray. 
Nigel dove from the booth in a clumsy effort to get out of his partner’s way and tripped over his own feet. Celeste kicked him sideways into a chair. 
Hands reached - the thugs fighting to get to be the first to beat me into a bloody mass of flesh. They spun around me, a whirl of impending violence closing in. Where was this magical path that was supposed to present itself?
Gideon hopped over his fallen partner, leveled the gun at me. The sound of his shot hammered my ear drums. The air in the room became a toxic cloud of gunpowder and the smell of blood. Felicia's scream hit me with a wave of nausea. 
My supervisor's bullet had clipped my shoulder. Interestingly enough, there was no pain, only wetness soaking my shirt and jacket, and then I felt it coming, the ravage, the sickness, like some inherent defense mechanism. I couldn't control it if I wanted to. So much for focus.
Everyone in the room but Celeste and me collapsed in a fit of blackish plague. Guns clattered across the floor, except for Gideon’s. He kept a death grip, causing it to go off twice in his hand, bullets striking furniture. 
Felicia traded screaming for wheezing and crying and rolling on the floor with her arms around her stomach. They all moaned, an awful, hopeless sound.
This is why the Center exists, I thought, to keep scenes like this from happening everywhere. My oppressors, cruel as they were, had accurately gauged the level of threat we anomalies posed. Bravo. Foresight wasn't enough to save them from me.
Celeste grabbed the front of my shirt to pull me close to her, “You're alright. We can go. Release them.”
I struggled to calm my pounding heart and overloading nerves. I dialed them down by focusing on Celeste. As I'd done in the restroom, I willed the sickness back into me. My legs went weak under the stress of my injury and the exertion, but I remained upright.
“Ok.”
She started to exit the way we came.
“No, wait. We're supposed to leave through the kitchen.” I moved past the people on the floor, including poor Felicia who looked like she would probably be okay. I said a quick apology on the way out. I offered a second apology to the cook and a woman in the kitchen. We found them on the floor among a mound of plates someone was carrying when my ravage hit them. 
Food in the kitchen was starting to burn. Hash browns in the deep fryer smoked. Bacon on the grill was blackening. Through the kitchen, a storeroom, past the freezer and a maintenance closet was the back door. As we burst into the overcast morning, I spotted the running SUV a couple yards away. The enforcer stationed there was just starting to recover from the sickness.
I popped the hood for Celeste to dispose of the tracker like she'd done in the other truck.
“You reached that man all the way from inside.” She noted as she jumped into the passenger seat.
I threw the truck into drive, “I hope it didn't reach too far.” I thought of the old men having coffee and the bus boy.
“How is your shoulder?”
Blood had saturated the shirt and my jacket. I needed stitches, probably a lot of them. I was starting to get light-headed.
“I'm fine.”
I reached into my pocket for the pill bottle. The medication wouldn't help the bullet wound in any way, but it would help me keep myself in check. I popped the cap off with my thumb, swallowed a pill. A shake of the bottle told me I only had one left.
The Center provided me with the pills. To tell the truth, I didn't even know what the meds were. They worked. That's all that mattered to me. The real problem was, I couldn't just drop into the pharmacy and pick up a refill.
Tires slid on wet pavement as we tore out of the parking lot and back onto the country highway. A screen on the dash flashed white, and after a welcome screen, a GPS display came up.
“We'd better lose the in-dash GPS.”
“The other truck didn't have that, did it?”
“Must have been an older model. Hope we don’t encounter any other surprises in here.”
She found a small pry bar in the glove compartment, jammed it into the console, and with a crunch, it was out. She put down the window to toss it. The radio went with it, which meant no music or weather updates.
The highway stretched before us once more. We kept checking the mirrors for an hour after we left the diner, wondering when Gideon would catch up with us. 
He was relentless when he set his sights on a target. I'd seen him obsess. He would give me the name of someone he was looking for. I would search message boards and social networks for signs of them. Gideon would call at all hours, demanding to know if I found them. As strange as his job was, he was meant for it. 
He didn't appear, nor did Llewyn. She had saved our lives, no doubt about that. I debated whether I should tell Celeste about her and decided against doing so for that time being. I still didn't fully trust my companion.
“You should stop for a doctor.” Celeste grew increasingly concerned as the day wore on, “Your face is paler than it was before.”
“I can't go to the hospital. A gunshot wound is an automatic police report.”
We couldn't afford the risk.
When I felt like I might pass out, I pulled into a rest stop. Lucky for us, it was deserted. I abandoned the bloody jacket and tore up the shirt I'd been wearing to make a kind of bandage. I checked the damage and verified that the bullet had only grazed me. The gash it left was still bleeding like hell. I wrapped the shirt around my shoulder, under my arm. Celeste had to help me tie the knot. I removed another of Teag's shirts from the backpack.
“I guess he was right about never getting these back.”
I had one left.
I sat in the driver’s seat to recover. Celeste handed me a bottle of water. My hand trembled so badly, I could barely hold the bottle steady enough to drink from it.
“I don't suppose you know how to drive.”
She shook her head.
No other cars occupied the parking lot. I figured that was as good a place as any for her to learn the basics. I wasn't sure how much longer I would be able to remain conscious. My vision blurred, and I had to keep fighting off a sensation of weightlessness. After a quick trip inside to grab a Missouri state map, I got to work.
She listened while I explained the various driving controls, gas, brake, windshield wipers, defrosters. I had never appreciated how many controls we have at our disposal until I had to explain them all in a short period of time. She seemed to understand. Then came driving practice.
She eased out of the parking spot like a pro, shifted into drive. We lurched forward at her first punch of the gas. Getting the angle of the steering wheel right for making turns required a couple of trips around the building. I explained lane changes and the blind spot. She was a quick study, which was good. We couldn’t afford for her to catch on slowly.
“Do you want me to drive now?”
“No, no. I'm okay.” I ate one of Teag's protein bars as I pulled out of the rest stop, and for a while, I did actually feel a bit better, still light-headed but not ready to pass out like before. The weather, however, was as dangerous as ever.
Low-lying farm fields on either side of the highway had become vast lakes. Rushing rivers swelled at their banks, submerging the trunks of trees. The flood was rising. 
“How much farther?” I asked Celeste who was studying the map and chewing her thumbnail.
“A couple hundred miles or so.”
I had seen news footage of floods before. Highways and bridges crumbled under the force of raging water. I had nightmarish visions of being trapped between an army of enforcers and a river that wasn't supposed to be there, cutting off our escape. I wasn't exactly a strong swimmer.
I said, “Next time we stop, we should see if the Center stashed any weapons in here. A gun would come in handy if Gideon catches up with us.”
“Do you know how to shoot?”
“Not a real gun, but I have plenty of experience with the virtual kind. I'm a bit of a crack shot.” 
She had no idea what I was talking about.
“Video games.”
Blank stare.
“Never mind.”
The real Lizzy would've gotten it.
We drove on for hours, longer than I guessed my condition would have allowed. I had just noticed the gray sky deepening to night when the phone in my pocket rang.
“I swear I turned this thing off. How are people calling me?”
The screen showed Teag's number and smiling face.
“This phone is off.” I reiterated to him.
“I turned it back on because I need to talk to you.”
“How is that even possible?”
“I'm the magic man. Why so sour, puss?”
“Gideon shot me. I'm tired of driving and tired of bleeding. All for my worthless-ass brother.”
I glimpsed Celeste's confused expression out of the corner of my eye.
I asked, “What's up?”
“You have them riled.”
“Who?”
“All of them. This is beyond Gideon. Upper management is involved.”
I never had the pleasure of dealing with upper management, mostly because the lowly anomaly employees who dealt with Center leaders ended up disappearing, and I don't mean disappearing as in imprisonment. I mean disappearing at the bottom of Lake Michigan or some other place unwanted bodies were disposed of. Mob-style.
“If they knew I was talking to you -”
“Why are you talking to me if the situation is so tense?”
“I had to tell you. I overheard Gideon on a phone conversation. I have some of the lines bugged. Those pills you take have some nasty withdrawal symptoms.”
“Like what?”
“Fever, shakes, vomiting,” He paused, “death, eventually.”
I couldn't breathe.
“Are you there?” He asked.
“Yeah. How long?”
“Less than a day or so, no more. It's a fail-safe in case you took any unapproved excursions.”
“I don’t suppose they said what the med was.”
“The code name for it is Red 78. That's all I know.”
“Sounds like food coloring.”
“I'm pretty sure it's not food coloring. I have to go. Gideon's calling.”
“Thanks.”
“Catch you later, I hope.”
“Later.” I ended the call and shut the phone off again, not that doing so was giving me any peace.
“What's wrong?” Celeste asked.
“Turns out the pills have withdrawal symptoms. You might have to drive soon. I'm starting to get dizzy again.”
The stress of Teag's news affected me almost as adversely as the gunshot wound. 
“I need to eat.”
I pulled over at the next restaurant we found. I must have looked like shit because the overweight, middle-aged mom of a waitress in a blue dress looked at me with a mix of concern and wariness. A glance at my reflection in the napkin holder revealed a grayish skin tone. I looked like death walking.
“Order me some coffee, will you? I'm going to go clean up in the restroom.”
Celeste nodded. She wouldn't let me go much longer without seeing a doctor. Unfortunately, she didn't comprehend the complications a police presence would present.
In the restroom, I started some cold water and stuck my hand under the stream. Then I wiped my face and neck. Did I want to risk someone walking in to check under the t-shirt bandage? I wouldn't like what I saw, and I could do nothing about it anyway, except splash some cold, soapy water on it. Would that even help? I had zero medical expertise. If I were a computer, I could have fixed myself in no time. I laughed at the absurdity. I knew how to care for machines but not myself.
“Are you there?” I asked the woman in the glass.
A faint image of her face and tattooed shoulders came into view.
“They say I'm going to die.” I told her.
“You won’t die.” She assured me in a smooth voice.
“You helped me before. Can you help again?”
A man in a dark suit and tie walked in. I turned back to her. She had vanished.
The floor tilted under my feet. I caught myself with my arms in the sink.
“You alright, buddy?” He asked from the urinal.
“Fine and dandy like sugar candy.” I regained my footing.
“Do you need me to call anyone for you?”
“No, thank you. I appreciate the offer. Good day to you, sir.” I concentrated on remaining upright as I returned to the dining area.
My perception of the restaurant took on an unreal quality. Spherical lamps hanging above the tables seemed brighter than they should have against the dull, dark day, and I swore I heard them buzzing. Food was vibrant with a sheen like plastic and the smell - good but off to the left of reality. 
The tables and counters were an earthy terra cotta color that reminded me of the curtains in my grandmother's house, which reminded me of her collection of decorative plates that hung on the walls in her living room. The sound of dishes clanking together in the kitchen reverberated in my bones.
Coffee awaited me at our table. I realized how dry my mouth was and went at the glass of water like a man dying of thirst. It poured down my throat like blessed salvation.
Celeste ate what looked like lasagna. A sandwich was at my place.
“I ordered a turkey sandwich for you. The picture looked nice.” Her voice echoed.
“Fast service. Thanks.”
I pulled the pill bottle out of my pocket. It was empty.
“What happened to my last pill?”
“Hmmm?” She asked through a bite of food, “You took it miles ago.”
I had no recollection of that action whatsoever. The countdown to death had started, and I didn't even remember kickoff. I ran my hand through my hair while I brought my panic under control.
“I am taking you to the doctor. You cannot die because my mission will be a failure, and if I fail, I die. Your death is my death.” She started to get up.
“No.” I said in the most resolute tone I could manage. “I told you, the doctor is not an option. We'll find someone along the way to stitch me up.”
“And the problem with your medicine?”
“We'll deal with that when the time comes. I just need to rest. Give me a chance to think.”
I put my head against the window and felt the chill of the rain on the other side. I drifted from the lights and the terra cotta tables and the smell of cooking grease. My arm began to throb, but I left it behind for the rain cleansing the glass.
“You can't do that here.” A firm, female voice jolted me.
A hand on my wounded arm sent bolts of pain down to my fingers. I groaned with the hope that my discomfort would discourage any more contact from whoever was trying to wake me.
“Young man. This is not a hotel.” The voice changed to male.
I opened my eyes to find the waitress and a man with thinning hair and a short-sleeved button-down shirt looming over me, their disdain evident.
“You can't sleep here.”
Celeste waited for a cue from me.
“Sorry. I guess I let exhaustion get the better of me.”
“There's a campground down the road. They'll let you park and sleep for the night for ten dollars. I recommend you go there if you're after cheap lodging.”
My body weighed a ton as I stood. I wasn't sure I could walk until I tilted forward. Other diners stared at us as we passed, me with my semi-coherence, Celeste with her battered wings. We were an interesting pair.
“I'm going to drive.” She took the keys from my hand.
I didn't object. I probably would have killed us.
Minutes later, this time with my forehead against the passenger side window, I drifted toward the land of glass and rain again.
“Tell me about your brother.”
“He's a pretentious dickhead.” I muttered without opening my eyes. She was just trying to keep me awake.
“Please.” Her voice carried a note of desperation. She was afraid I would die if I fell asleep, which wasn't an unwarranted fear.
“Michael was always the one everyone loved. I know that sounds like cliché sibling conflict, but it's the truth. He's a healer, you know. Whenever a friend skinned their knee on the playground or whatever, he eliminated the problem. Almost put the school nurse out of job.” I laughed to myself. “He used the ability to get friends, then he used it to get money. People followed him like lost puppies.”
“They wanted to be around him because he was special.”
“Yeah. I was special, too, but not in a good way.”
I could have used his healing ability just then. He had helped me before, once when I fell off the merry-go-round and hit my head. He’d done it to show off and to keep me from getting any extra attention.
“Toward the end of high school, he decided that the best place to take his talents was the church. He didn't need to pray for it to work. I don't think he even believed, but the crowd church attracted was on the hunt for miracles. Lost souls will pay big bucks to experience the hand of God.”
“People charge money for church?”
“You didn't know? The big man upstairs is a lucrative business.”
I coughed as I felt my throat try to close, and I took a drink of the bottle of water in my hand.
She shook her head, “I don't think I'll ever understand humans.”
“You and me both, sister.”
Fatigue tugged at me again. The darkness was closing in. I wouldn't be able to stop it.
“Tell me about your brother.” I heard Celeste say again.
“I just did. I'm going to take a nap. I'll be fine if I get some quiet. Just let me go.”
And I went. All was peace and darkness in the world of glass and rain. Llewyn hummed a song in my mind.
I didn't know how long I was out before Celeste shouted my name.

 
Chapter 5
 
“Hunter!”
I fell awake in the front seat of the truck, feverish, delirious, heart pounding. Outside was dark.
“Where am I?”
A crash from behind sent the cab lurching forward. The seat belt strained against me and my aching shoulder. Headlights from the truck on our bumper cast swinging shadows on the roof and the dash.
“They caught up to us.” She said.
I saw double and nearly vomited. Celeste swerved around a corner, then overcompensated the other direction. She corrected just in time to keep us from careening through a guardrail that blurred in the night. She wasn't experienced enough to handle the chase.
The headlights receded only to fly forward again as the Center SUV rammed into us. The rear window cracked.
A gun fired, a pop barely audible over the roar of the engine and the rain pouring on the roof.
“They're shooting at us.”
I remembered the idea I had earlier, that there might be a gun stashed in the back. I unbuckled my seat belt.
“What are you doing? You must sit down right now.” She reached for my leg as I squeezed between the front seats, over the center console. Her hand released me, and she screamed as she swerved to miss an oncoming van in the other lane. I slammed into the back door on my left.
“Ow. Trust me. I know what I'm doing.”
Two muzzle flashes from the passenger side of the truck behind us revealed a white suit - Gideon. There was no sound of bullet striking metal, no breaking of glass. We had two possibilities. Either his aim was off or he wasn't targeting the upper part of the truck. He was aiming for the tires.
Our truck dipped down a steep hill, bouncing me. I felt under the seat for a weapon case. Two more shots.
“Please come back.” Her voice arced with terror.
Another hill, another bounce. The tires dipped off the side of the road, flinging gravel up the side of the truck.
We're going to crash. This idea passed through my mind in a coherent, sensible manner.
Gideon's next bullet found its mark, and the interior of our truck dissolved into chaos, the crunch of metal, the shattering of glass, and a sensation of flying. Then came cold rain, not against a window, but on my skin and a smell like that of burning rubber.
“Hunter, wake up.” Llewyn's voice coaxed me into consciousness.
I put my hand on my head, into a gash swollen with blood desperately trying to clot. The gunshot wound on my arm felt like a paper cut compared to the fresh injuries. My head, my face, a couple of ribs screamed distress signals at my brain. I felt broken all over. How was I alive?
“Run.” Llewyn prodded me.
“Can't.” 
I promised myself I wouldn’t fight going to the hospital. I didn't care about police reports anymore. They could arrest me all they wanted if it meant medical professionals would stitch all the wounds closed. Some pain meds too, morphine, that sounded fantastic.
I had landed in a ditch. On the road several feet above me, steam or smoke or both rose from the truck from which I was ejected. Favoring my good arm, I pushed myself up from the water and the mud. I stood, fell back to my knees and stood again. 
The embankment leading back up to the road may as well have been a mountain. Climbing it took all the strength I had left. The grass was wet, and I slipped every other step.
Llewyn said, “Run. No one on the road can help you.”
I saw crumpled metal first. The truck we had been driving was on its side, a front tire spinning in the air. Fluid sprayed from a broken hose. My backpack was on the ground, dirty, covered in shards of glass. I picked it up.
“Feraste cov neshtee.” Celeste seethed from somewhere nearby.
I went around the truck.
“You cannot help her. She'll take you prisoner.” Llewyn warned me.
Celeste faced two Center thugs with her fists raised in front of her. Her would-be adversaries were hesitating. At first, I thought it was because of the beatings she'd been handing out left and right, but then I noticed that something about her was off. I couldn't figure out what until her head lolled to the side. Shining, silver angel blood coated the side of her face beneath a dent in her skull.
“You must leave now.” Llewyn again. “You will die.”
A second SUV was positioned just behind ours. That truck had carried Gideon and Nigel, which meant they were around, assuming they survived the crash. Their vehicle was almost as damaged as ours, fluid leaking onto pavement.
Llewyn of the glass spoke again, “She is no angel, and she cannot protect you. If you want to see your brother again, you must leave her behind. She won't let you be with us.”
Celeste had taken the stars from me; I remembered. She yanked me back to the darkness.
“She's jealous of how special you are.”
The enforcer on Celeste's left decided to take a swing. She kicked him away and laughed.
“Run into the field behind you. Escape while you can.”
I turned. The field was a vast lake under rain.
If I have to confine you, I will. Were those the words of someone on my side?
“You will make it but only if you go now.”
I looked back to Celeste as she landed a devastating right hook to the jaw of the second enforcer. Did I really trust this girl I didn't even know? She seemed real enough but still, I had doubts.
I slid down the embankment to my ditch. Llewyn's stars appeared on the surface of the flood, a spinning mass of golden flecks. They laughed, a pure, tinkling sound and sped off.
“Wait.” I kept my voice low, so no one on the road would hear me.
I followed them into knee-deep water over uneven ground, aware that a drop-off into murky depths might lie somewhere ahead, beneath the smooth surface. I didn't care enough to let that possibility stop me. I wouldn't lose the stars again.
“Hunter!” Celeste called my name, her voice eerily mournful. Remorse for abandoning her tugged at my conscience, but I needed to press on. I had no choice, really. I couldn't travel with someone I didn't trust, especially with the stakes so high. 
I put the backpack strap over my good shoulder and a hand over the bullet hole that bled a fresh stream down my arm. Several yards out, disorientation came back with a vengeance, like my drunkest night amplified a hundred times over. That coupled with the effort required to wade through the water, I wouldn't make it to the other side before I passed out.
I kept myself awake by remembering what it was like to drown, the air close yet unobtainable. 
It happened when Michael was twelve and I was ten. At that age, I knew that when Michael acknowledged my existence, his intentions were never good. He lured me to the river by telling me he'd seen a giant snapping turtle, then when we arrived, he dragged me into the water.
“I'll bring you right back.” His hands gripped the front of my shirt with a strength that told me he wouldn't let go if I asked him to.
We stood in the middle of the river. The water was up to my chest. He was taller than me, more athletic than I was, just overall a heartier stock. Panic had all but stolen my voice.
I made another attempt to squirm away. He held on, a strange look in his eyes, not vicious but very intense, just the same. He was going to do this whether I wanted him to or not.
“Stop being a pussy. It'll only take a few minutes, then you can go back to doing whatever losers like you do.”
“Please don't.” My last feeble appeal before he shoved me below the water.
I thrashed in his grip, sunshine and air just inches from me. I kicked his legs. He didn't react. I couldn’t tell if this was because my kicks were too weak or he was just that intent on drowning me.
His face was a blur beyond the ripples, leaves and sky above him. I saw myself traveling there, to play among the stars, far and away from my family. No one would hate me there.
I held my breath as long as I could, which didn't turn out to be long. I stopped fighting when I felt control slip away.
Please work. I thought. I didn't want to die. Darkness coiled around me.
Then I was on the river bank, expelling water for what seemed like forever. Lunch came with it, stomach sympathizing with lungs, and my head throbbed.
“I told ya it would work.” Michael slapped me on the back twice, and left me there.
Once the retching subsided, I wiped the snot and spit, river water and vomit from my face and rolled onto my back. The sun warmed me and the soaked clothes clinging to my body. Dad was going to kick my ass into next Thursday for ruining my shoes. Michael would find my punishment hysterical. He always did when he got me into trouble. But I had the sun, and I didn't die.
No sun warmed the dark field. Behind me, shadows rushed in the light of a fire on the elevated highway. I reminded myself that Celeste could take care of herself. Too bad I couldn't say the same about me.
I tripped in the water several times, more often the farther I progressed. Each step became more laborious. Each stumble brought new levels of frustration and pain and fear that bacteria would find its way into the multitude of gashes and scrapes. Even if I lived to see the opposite side of the field, I would contract the infection to end all infections.
The stars had vanished after they led me into the water and shot off into the darkness. Where were they, I wondered, and my wild dogs that had seemed so loyal? Where were they when I needed a rescue? Where was the woman who told me to run - my Llewyn of the glass?
I shouted into the sky, “I did what you wanted. Where the fuck are you?”
Illumination appeared on the ground in the distance. It was far, but it gave me hope in the form of a target to strive for. I picked myself up and made for it with new fervency. I wouldn't die this day either, not in the water, not alone in the dark and bleeding.
I made progress and a building emerged from the night, a store with a neon sign in the window. I arrived at an embankment that was shorter than the one I had descended on the other side of that wet hell. I fell onto my stomach on grass and nearly kissed the ground. I pushed myself back up, limped to the road.
'Winston's Rx' read the large sign overhead. A drugstore! They had first aid items, pain medication, perhaps an antidote to my Red 72 withdrawal problem.
The front door slid open. I was bathed in harsh fluorescent light that threatened to destroy the balance I’d regained by being on solid ground. No longer able to handle the weight of anything but my own body, I dropped my backpack. 
The sparkling tile floor leading into the aisles twisted away from me to ramp into rows of gray shelving. I heard every sound with intensity that pounded against my head. Water dripping from me onto the floor, the compressor in the drink cooler next to the register, a radio stashed out of sight, playing a Bob Dylan song.
“Is anyone here?”
Heat washed over me. Water on my skin warmed. My brain burned.
“Is anyone here? Winston?” 
I checked my pocket to see if I still had my wallet. Victory! Like everything else on my person, it was sopping wet all the way to the center. That was okay because a wet debit card was still a debit card.
Then my tired mind clicked, and I remembered that I could call for an ambulance. Why settle for drugstore ibuprofen if I could get the good stuff? I pulled my phone out of my pocket and water ran out between the seams in the case. It was dead. I found a land line phone behind the cashier counter. I lifted the handset to my ear. No dial tone.
“Drugstore ibuprofen it is.”
I went to a nearby drink cooler for a bottle of water, but it was empty. I bypassed a rack of greeting cards for the aisles. The first row of shelves was as barren as the drink cooler. I moved to the next row; the situation was the same. People had cleaned out the store because of the flood. Aisle after aisle, empty. My heart sank. I wouldn't even get some lame-ass over the counter painkillers. No cold medicine, no peroxide or bandages. I couldn't even get a multivitamin.
Llewyn spoke, “Take heart. There is medicine on the final shelf.”
I went to the far wall. The only thing there was a crumpled box of motion sickness pills in a shadow.
“Motion sickness? I could've used something a bit stronger.”
Llewyn said nothing.
“Winston, I will gladly pay you for the entire box of pills that probably won't do anything for me.”
I sat on the floor and ripped the box open with my teeth. The blister pack released the pills with little argument. I swallowed two of them with the same skill level I used with my Center meds, no water.
I slumped with my back against the shelves to rest. It was such an odd oasis, the drugstore on the other side of the lake. I wished someone were there with me. I could have used some sympathy, some companionship. I would’ve accepted any form of consideration from my fellow man. I wouldn’t have felt so isolated, then.
I peeled the wet shirt off to wring it out on the floor. I'd already tracked water in. Why not add some more to the mess?
I got up to check the big cooler at the back for a drink. How ironic. Water, water, everywhere, yet not a drop to drink. When I reached the end of the cooler without any luck, I decided that I should have wrung the shirt out into my mouth. I had the bright idea to check the stockroom. The door at the back of the store was locked.
I sat on the floor once again, this time lying with my head on the wadded up, wet shirt. I had to admit, I did feel better. The nausea and temperature fluctuation tapered off. Calm settled over me. There was still plenty of pain, but it was dulling under a different breed of sense inhibition. This removal from the harsh reality of the situation was engineered by human hands to provide relief.
Before long, I was no longer in Winston's drugstore. I was at a ranch house on the upper east side of Chicago on a summer day. The Pontiac was broken again and my dad, a rugged, wiry man who worked at a tire factory, had his head under the heavy hood. He cursed as he ran his hand through his shining black hair. Grease stained his white undershirt and the front of his work pants, residue from leaning over the engine, scooting under the car, and wiping his hands off.
I hid in the bushes like I always did when he worked on the cars. I loved to watch him. They were magical machines - cars - and their repairs required a fair amount of patience - patience that was shortened significantly if I ran around him on the driveway. So, I hid in the shrub under our kitchen window with a matchbox car in my hand, thumb spinning the plastic wheels, thinking someday I would have a car of my own. I might need to know this stuff.
That scene faded into another as I dreamed. I was back in the field with coyotes and the stars, no Celeste. The sky overhead was clear and filled with a galaxy that shifted with the wind.
“Llewyn?”
I figured she must be there. They were her children, weren't they? I wasn't sure where this idea came from, but I held onto it as the stars began to fall into the field around me. Like a meteor shower in which every light in the sky shot to the Earth, they rained from the heavens, and the coyotes around me howled.
 
Chapter 6
 
I woke in a sweat, no shirt on, injuries aching, white ceiling above me. My pants were dry, as was the green wool blanket someone had lain over me. The springs in the cot squeaked when I moved.
I was in a cramped office stuffed with papers and stacked cardboard boxes. A seriously outdated computer sat atop a small, wooden writing desk. A safe was shoved against a wall next to a metal filing cabinet.
I tested my legs. I felt fine, surprisingly good for someone who should’ve been dying from Center medicine-induced withdrawal. I lifted the well-taped gauze to check the bullet wound. Someone had cleaned it and stitched it closed. I couldn't have patched myself up, especially not in my completely incoherent state. 
I performed a mental inventory of what I remembered. Fluorescent lights, nearly empty shelves, Dramamine in Winston's drugstore. I tried the office doorknob, expecting it to be locked, but it opened easily. The short hall was empty.
“Hello?”
Fresh air pushed into the hall from the front the store. The day was warm; I could tell.
When I emerged, the store looked almost as I remembered, the shelves, the empty cooler in the back. Sunlight streaming through the windows was blinding. The clouds had moved on for the moment. 
“Is anyone here?”
No one waited with guns. No Center personnel lurked at the entrance. This peace was a far cry from the agony and the destruction of the accident. If fires still burned, they did so in the distance. 
I went to the front where I'd seen the cashier counter the previous night. A white-haired man on a stool near the register read a newspaper. His coffee mug sat to the side near an open pack of mini-chocolate donuts. He smiled when he saw me.
“Good morning!”
“Did you...” Save my life? The question seemed like such a dramatic way to begin a conversation with a stranger.
“It was the oddest thing. I took the garbage out last night and when I came back in, I found a soaking wet backpack at the door and a trail of water past the greeting card display, which you knocked over, by the way.”
“Sorry. I don't remember.” I glanced across the room, where Llewyn directed me. God only knew what kind of pills I actually took. 
“I'll bet you don't. I followed your trail all the way around the store until I found you curled up next to the door. What were you on, anyway?”
How do you explain mystery medication to a man who didn't even know the Center existed?
“Dramamine?”
“I'd say it was a bit more, but we'll let that go. Whatever it was, the effects have passed.”
Gideon had lied. Either that or they were wrong. It wouldn’t be the first time the doctors at the Center screwed up. 
“I would've called an ambulance, but the flood has the phone lines on the fritz. I stitched the wound on your arm. It was deep but not as bad as it looked before I cleaned it up, just a lot of blood. I gave you a hefty dose of fever reducer, some painkillers. Hope that's okay.”
“Yes. Thank you.”
He turned the newspaper page, “Name's Bill Trehorn. What do I call you?”
“Hunter.”
“I was just going to head back into the stockroom and make myself some eggs. Want some breakfast?”
“Sure, thanks.”
Bill came around to the front of the counter, pausing as he passed me, “How's the arm?”
“Much better than last night.” I stole a glance out the front door to check for my pursuers. The parking lot and the street were empty. 
He nodded, “Good to hear.” He led me to a door in the corner of the store. “I served as a field medic in Vietnam. Fulfilling but sometimes a nasty job. Glad to hear I still have the touch. The way you were thrashing around, I couldn't tell if I was helping or hurting. You're stronger than you look.”
I thought of Celeste.
“Did anyone come looking for me?”
“Not a soul. Why? Are you on the run?”
Yes.
“I was with someone before I crossed the field. We were in an accident.”
“Well there's part of the story. That's a fair distance if you're talking about the highway over yonder. I'm surprised you made it with the water being so high.”
At the back of the cooler, near a set of big double doors, a card table and some chairs were arranged in a corner. Bill propped the door open with a wooden shim. He went to a kitchenette consisting of a counter complete with a small sink, microwave and a hot plate. The cabinet doors were plywood.
“I had this setup installed when I got stuck here during a rough winter. I only live a couple miles down the road, but when you have more than a foot of snow on the ground, that trek becomes as treacherous as any.” He opened a dented refrigerator for a carton of eggs. “Scrambled?”
I needed to leave. Gideon would figure out which direction I'd gone and be on me in short order. I was surprised he wasn't there already. 
“That's great, thanks. I need to move on soon. Are the roads passable?”
“Far as I know.” He broke the eggs over a pan on the hot plate, then as he turned to sit at the table with me, he fell into a rough fit of coughing.
My presence was making him sick, my trauma the previous night, my lack of any sort of control. How much damage had I done?
He removed an orange inhaler from his pocket and took a hit.
I needed to get out of there, pronto.
“I should go.” I started to stand, but he stopped me.
“Sit down. I'll be just fine.” He said as if he read my mind. “I just put eggs on. You can't leave until you eat. I saved your life, which means you owe me. I get to hear the true story. Where are you trying to run off to?”
How much could I tell without him thinking I needed a straitjacket?
“My brother is missing. This girl and I were traveling to the place he was last seen.”
“Where is this girl now?”
“I don't know. She might still be at the accident.”
“You left her?”
“Celeste was fine. I saw her before I took off.”
The look on Bill's face told me that he did not approve, “Those gashes looked pretty bad. I'm guessing it wasn't just a fender bender.”
“I wasn't in my right mind.”
He nodded as he got up to get the eggs, “I'll give you that. What kind of trouble is this brother of yours in?”
“Honestly, I have no idea. Michael and I haven't spoken in years. We don't get along.” I kept an eye on the door he'd cracked open, looking for signs of danger, then added, “He's kind of a dick.”
“Every family has one.” He spooned eggs onto my plate. “I had an uncle who insisted on coming back every Christmas to make my parents miserable. He always seemed bent on driving a wedge between them by embarrassing my father or making passes at my mother. Some people have to take their personal troubles out on whoever happens to be around.” He asked, “Where does Celeste come in? She your girlfriend?”
“She's helping me find him.”
“So this is what I've gathered. You two were in the process of searching for your brother. You were in this pretty serious car accident, and you left her to fend for herself.”
Okay, I was officially a jerk for leaving her behind. Why did I leave? Llewyn. The woman from the glass. I left Celeste with the wreckage and a bunch of armed, trained fighters because a woman who was probably a hallucination told me to.
“I should have stayed with her.” 
“Did you abandon the effort to find your brother because part of you doesn't want to find him?”
Llewyn had removed me from the path. She led me away from Celeste and the truck carrying us closer to him. I hadn’t considered the possibility that my mind could’ve conjured her to keep me from having to deal with him.
“Michael used to tell me that my birth was like a trade - a mother for a brother who wasn't good for much of anything. She died when I was born.”
“Well, you’re good for something if he needs you. All this,” He motioned to the injuries I had all over, “should be enough for him.” Bill put a closed fist to his mouth and coughed into it.
“I have to go.” I shoveled the last bites of breakfast into my mouth as I stood. I refused to risk his life any longer.
“Back to Celeste, correct?” He wouldn't let me leave until he was certain I would head in the right direction.
“I'm going back to her. We'll find him.”
“Good. That's the honorable course of action, especially given that a woman has endangered herself in order to help you.”
Bill had dried my backpack and its contents. Through some miraculous method, he somehow salvaged my shoes. He handed my phone to me.
“I dried it off as best I could, took the battery out and put some canned air to it. It hasn’t come back on yet, but it might if you give it a while. I dropped mine at the edge of a lake while I was fishing once. A day or two later, it came back to life.”
“I don’t know how to repay you.”
“Don’t worry about it. Happy to help my fellow man.” He opened a cardboard box against a wall, “Whenever severe weather comes, I stash some supplies so the paranoid masses don't clean me out.” He offered me some over-the-counter painkillers, antibiotics from behind the pharmacy counter, snacks and a couple bottles of water. 
Out in front of the drugstore, he gave me directions back to the highway, around the flooded field. I thanked him for saving my life, then we shook hands and said goodbye. I left, wishing I could do something for him. Leaving him with no more than my gratitude seemed inadequate. 
I walked a couple of blocks, through a two-stoplight town that the flood hadn't yet touched, aside from some waterlogged front lawns. The place looked abandoned with no one outside, no driving cars. I felt isolated from the world there, which was okay with me for the moment. The pause gave me enough time to get my head together. I turned on a dirt road and left the houses behind for the countryside.
The field I had traversed was on my left, behind a thin stand of scraggly trees that crowded and choked the life from each other. On my right was another sunken field, filled with water. The road between, the stretch on which I traveled, rose higher as it led up to the highway. The calm I'd gained while with Bill diminished the closer I got to the accident scene.
I reached the intersection where the road met the highway and saw two more submerged fields across the way. Standing above all that water was surreal. They were lakes but not really. From behind me, an osprey glided on a humid breeze, over shining ripples. 
A shadow darkened the road to my left - the truck. I ran toward it, calling Celeste's name. Somehow the SUV stood on all four wheels again. When I got closer, I saw that it wasn't our truck but Gideon's. I could tell because it wasn't as damaged as I remembered ours being. The doghouse and the side were dented all the way to the back, but the tires were all intact. It almost looked drivable. I saw no one nearby.
Then I heard it - a sound like crying coming from the side of the road. She sat halfway down the embankment, holding her knees to her chest and rocking. Her featherless wings had healed slightly and sprouted from her back like tree roots.
“Celeste.”
Her head whipped around. In a flash, she had slammed me against the SUV, her hands on the front of my shirt.
“You left me. Why would you do that?” She pulled me toward her only to shove me again.
My head hit the metal with jarring force. We needed to have a conversation about the relative fragility of the human body.
“I wasn't in my right mind.” I offered the same excuse I gave Bill. It didn't work so well with her, but she released me.
“I thought you were dead. I thought I had failed in my mission. I cannot do this by myself.” Tears fell again.
“You won't have to. I'm sorry.”
She put her back to me, revealing wings, which were no longer ragged spikes of broken bone. The skin was an eerily smooth gray color, lean muscle beneath. Joints attaching them to her back moved. I could picture what they could be if restored, the size of them.
Celeste had feared for my safety. Her distress was the catalyst that triggered this growth. This confirmation of everything she said hit me hard. I was in the presence of a heavenly minion.
“Your wings.”
She sniffed, “They feel better.”
Seeing her partially restored was evidence that all she told me was true. My brother was in trouble. God sent her to help me save him. I drew a deep breath to steel myself against the gravity of these realizations, then I evaluated our situation.
A trail of parts led to the crumpled remains of our truck farther down the embankment. Various fluids leaked around it into puddles, into the flooded field. Would you like an antifreeze glaze on your corn? Shards from the windows sparkled on the grass.
“What happened after I left?”
“I fought with the men who chased us, no thanks to you. I could have used your help.” She crossed her arms.
“I said I was sorry. Trust me, with the shape I was in, I wouldn't have been able to fight.”
“What about the problem with your medicine?” 
“It's taken care of.”
“What does that mean?”
“Gideon was mistaken.” I muttered. “Was he here? I couldn't imagine him just letting you go.”
“He became more cautious when he ran out of bullets. There were two trucks behind ours. I fought the men who weren’t injured. When they decided they couldn’t beat me, they left in their other truck. I didn’t know what to do. I pushed our truck the rest of the way down the hill because it was on fire. I thought we could use this one if you returned.”
“He probably went back to the Center for more firepower. You should've hidden. You're lucky he didn't have any snipers with him.” I performed a cursory inspection of her head, tilting her face to get a look. 
“Perhaps you could have advised me of that risk had you remained.”
The only evidence of injury was the dried blood all over her shirt.
“Point taken. I promise not to leave again. We need to move forward. Agree?”
She pouted, “Good. And yes.”
I inspected the truck to see what we had to work with. The interior was mostly intact. Windows on the right side were broken. The windshield had cracked. Keys were in the ignition. I tried the engine. The starter hesitated but rolled over.  

 
Chapter 7
 
We didn't bother ripping out the tracker and the GPS. It was only a matter of time until Gideon and his goons found us anyway. Celeste was like a living tracking device, and there was nothing we could do about that.
We drove throughout the morning, along the highway, past flooded fields and eroding side roads. Billboards for tourist attractions were submerged halfway up their support posts. Cops turned us away from a couple of especially bad areas where the water had overtaken the road completely.
There came a point on the ride at which I couldn't hold the questions any longer.
“What's it like where you come from?”
She looked at me as if I had asked her the rudest question in the world, “That's not for humans to know while they still breathe.”
“Come on. How could you expect me not to ask? You can't give me a tidbit? A fun fact?”
“What is a fun fact?”
“Like a small piece of information.”
Celeste looked out the window for a minute or so, pondering how much she should tell me, “It isn't what your culture says. We don't sit on clouds. No one lives in a mansion. Those are human ideals. It is a gathering of worthy souls and a place of light.”
“Sounds kinda boring.”
“Never. We're always struggling against the darkness. The balance is delicate. Human existence is delicate.”
“Hence the angels?”
“Yes.”
She didn't sound happy about her duties. I couldn't say I blamed her. We can be good, maybe even deserving of some form of salvation, but from what I'd seen of the human race, saving us from ourselves is a losing battle.
I remembered how Llewyn had led me astray. Back at Bill's drugstore, I had pretty much written her off as a hallucination, but seeing Celeste's wings partially restored gave me cause for concern that additional supernatural parties might have a stake in this familial drama of mine. 
If Celeste was an angel, what did that make Llewyn? What were her motives for removing me from my protector? And the stars. I couldn't believe that something I felt so drawn to could be evil. I decided to tell Celeste about Llewyn. I started at the beginning, her reflections, the stars and coyotes in the field.
“You were alone when I found you.”
“I kind of figured you would've said something if you could see them.”
She asked, “Is she human?”
“She's odd looking, covered in tattoos and somehow appearing in glass, but I still get the impression that she is human. What's the alternative? A demon?”
“Demons exist, but they're extremely rare. If Llewyn were a demon, she would use stronger methods to manipulate you, such as torture or fear, perhaps force you to watch the murder of an innocent or a family member.”
“Charming.”
“Their methods aren't subtle. There are other threats: sorcerers, fallen angels,” She looked at me, “and people like you.”
“Fallen angels like you?” I probably shouldn't have said it so bluntly, but the 'people like you' comment hit a nerve.
Her face reddened, “I'm not fallen. The fallen are traitors. I'm merely being taught a lesson. I haven't heard of a fallen angel by that name, but she could be using a false identity.”
“She called me on the phone to tell me how to escape Gideon at the motel and about the truck behind the kitchen. Do you think she can read my mind?”
“Possibly. You must make a conscious effort to keep her out. Your willingness to see her makes you susceptible.”
I agreed to try.
The day was sunny, but clouds moved overhead in patches that brought yet more sprinkles. The wind picked up as morning became afternoon. We ate some of the food Bill gave me.
The road the GPS led us to was relatively clear, despite the ruggedness of it. Rain had loosened the edges of the pavement, but it was drivable. We wound around curves, up hills and down, between fields that stretched toward the horizon and trees. 
The farmhouses we saw were mostly intact, the floodwaters reaching the bases of only a couple. Cattle stood up to their knees in the water in a fenced area near the road as a farmer assessed the damage to the pen. A man in coveralls drove his tractor up a winding driveway to a shed on higher ground. Near our destination, we passed a pair of girls in prairie dresses, splashing in the puddles in their front lawn.
The female GPS voice announced that we had arrived. Due to a newly formed creek at the base of the driveway, we had to get out and walk. 
The house, a dingy two-story, sat at the top of a hill, untouched by the water on all sides. A fence around the property consisted of wire strung from broken, wooden posts that leaned in different directions. We found a spot where the stream was narrow enough for us to hop over.
“This doesn't look like a place Michael would go willingly.”
He was a vain teenager, always ready for the close-up or the attention of female admirers, especially at church. This decrepit farmhouse in the middle of nowhere couldn't be anymore un-Michael if it tried.
The driveway cut through a lawn of tall grass and wildflowers. A rope swing hung lopsided from a thick oak. Between that and the front porch, a pair of chairs lay broken next to the cracked front walkway.
The paint on the house had once been a sunny yellow with white gingerbread trim, but the color had worn thin and peeled. The front stairs were made of concrete with the corners broken off. We ascended them to find the wooden porch in equally degraded condition. Wooden slats defied their placement by bowing up. A couple of them were gone completely, having fallen to the shady ground beneath. The window to our left was dirty and broken, a jagged hole in dusty glass.
“I don't get it. Why would he be here? He has money. He's always had money.”
“Maybe he spent it all.”
“Or lost his ability to heal. I'm not sure he would be worth anything without that.”
Someone had broken in the front door. It leaned in and to the right, barely holding onto the only surviving hinge. Leaves and dirt littered the foyer, nature's intrusion on a place that apparently didn't matter to anyone. The slanted floor creaked beneath our feet. To our right, we found a sofa, a burgundy haunted mansion-looking piece of furniture with an equally battered Persian rug on the floor in front of it.
Above the fireplace hung a plasma television. Additional home theater components and a game console occupied the mantle below it. All of the electronics looked new.
“Now that’s more Mike's speed.” I moved closer.
Llewyn's reflection passed across the glossy screen, looking like a ghost floating through the foyer behind us. I turned, but of course, she wasn't really there. I ventured that direction, into the kitchen.
“Hello? Anybody home?” I called.
The appliances were practically antique but clean, as was the floor. Pantry shelves held food, mac and cheese, a box of popcorn, some cereal, and canned soup. None of it looked like it had been there long. Beyond the pantry lay a utility room equipped with a state of the art washer and dryer.
Celeste peered out the back door, “There's a rainbow.” She smiled as she pointed.
“Let's hope that's a good omen.”
We checked every room on the first floor, finding no sign of my brother. I could feel that he was there recently. I couldn't explain why, but I knew. For whatever reason, he had begun to make this place his home. 
“We'd better check the second floor, too.” I said, then called his name again with no answer. “What are we going to do if we don't find anything here? Where do we go next?”
Celeste shrugged, “I was given simple orders and this address.”
Great. The house wasn't turning out a wealth of information.
Fresh air carried the scent of rain through the upstairs hall from an open door at the end, so I ventured that direction. Under a slow-turning ceiling fan, women's clothing covered a king-sized bed - dresses with the tags still on, scarves, shoes in open boxes, jeans and shirts spilling from shopping bags emblazoned with designer logos. Celeste picked up a silver necklace with a long chain and inspected the price tag still attached.
“These are for a woman.”
“Hopefully not Llewyn.” That was a scary thought - my brother with a witch or whatever the hell she was.
Gauzy, white curtains over a sliding glass door billowed on a breeze. I parted them to step onto a balcony that looked over the field behind the house. The rainbow Celeste had seen downstairs reached from one end of the sky to the other in a great arc, burning brilliantly against the sky.
“You simply must be Hunter.” A feminine voice said.
A woman about my age lounged in a chair. She wore a flowered dress. It was sleeveless, revealing arms that were little more than bones. She smiled up at me from beneath a floppy hat, her face pretty but thin and pale, her eyes ringed in darkness. Her hair was long and blonde and diaphanous.
“You look so much like him.” Her voice was weak. “Has anyone ever told you?”
“They were too busy worshipping him to notice I existed.”
She laughed, “You have to admit, he is pretty amazing.” She took the glass of red wine from the table next to her and drank from it. “This is the perfect day. The rain has stopped. This rainbow...it's for me, a sign that I can move on.” She saw Celeste standing behind me. “Oh, now you are an angel. I was hoping I would see one. Can you take me home, beautiful angel?”
Celeste shook her head no.
“What happened to your wings? Let me see.”
Celeste whispered in my ear, “I'm waiting inside. Hurry. We don't have time to spare. Gideon will be here any moment.”
“I will.”
With that, she stepped back into the bedroom.
“Someone is shy. Luckily, I'm not. Will you come sit with me, please? Just for a while? My name is Sarah.”
I glanced into the bedroom to see that Celeste remained close by.
“Do you know where Michael is?” I pulled a second lounger closer to hers to sit on the end.
“Days ago, men came to take him. They broke through the door downstairs, threatened to harm me if he didn't go with them.”
“Did you call the police?”
“No. They wouldn't have been able to help him. I did pray for him, however.”
She did nothing. I fought back my anger because I still needed information from her.
“What was your relationship with him?”
She leaned her head on the back of the chair and said wistfully, “He wasn't the man you thought he was. He talked about calling you to apologize for all that happened when you were kids.”
“I'm sure he didn't tell you everything.”
“He didn't need to. I could tell the remorse ate away at his spirit.”
“You didn't answer my question. What was your relationship with my brother?”
“I loved him. We loved each other.”
“You're the reason he was here.”
“This house isn't exactly his natural habitat, is it? You should have seen his face when we first arrived. I thought he would die. He kept his complaints to himself for my sake. He was always sweet to me that way.”
“Glad he was good to someone.” I muttered.
“We met at the Modern Faith Convention in Kentucky. I was there with my church. My doctor had already given me the news - lymphoma. My illness compelled me to seek out positive experiences. I wanted to see the best of what life had to offer before my time ran out.”
“I'm sorry.” I was really happy that I resisted the urge to chastise her for not calling the police. I could tell she wasn't healthy, but with this confirmation, I viewed her condition in all the seriousness it warranted. She deserved compassion, whether I agreed with her actions or not.
“Don't be. My father died of the same disease shortly after I was born. I always knew there was a chance of it taking me, as well. I accepted the reality early on. There is liberation in acceptance. Frees up the mind to concentrate on more important tasks, like making the most of one's remaining days.” Sarah adjusted her hat. “So I saw this wondrous event listed on the schedule, 'Faith Healer Michael Tomlinson Cures the Ailing'. It sounded so promising. I went to the show, not because I wanted anyone to heal me, but because I wanted to witness others being blessed. I wanted to see the reactions of people who were suddenly freed of their suffering. Have you seen him work?”
“I got enough when we were growing up, trust me.”
“The show was everything I hoped it would be. He healed a boy who had to use a back brace his whole life just to stand up straight. After seconds onstage with Michael, they took the brace off.” Sarah covered her smile with her hand, “It was just amazing to see him stand tall and walk off that stage with an entirely different life.”
“I'm sure the collection plates really filled up then.” I grumbled. I'd never had an overly positive view of the church. My negativity didn't deter Sarah in the least.
“They certainly did! I chose a seat near the back of the auditorium because I didn't want to interfere with the people who could be helped. He had just finished curing an elderly woman's emphysema when he spotted me in the back row. He waved for me to come up on stage. I politely declined. He insisted, calling me out on the microphone, which caused the people in my row to join in. I declined him again, and I could tell that he was bothered by my rejection.”
“I believe that. It had to be a nice blow to the ego after years of everyone falling at his feet.” I wished I could've been there to see the look on his face.
Sarah laughed, “That's probably true. He relented to keep the show rolling, but afterward, he found me in the crowd to ask why I didn't want to be healed. I told him the reason - that dying of this disease was my destiny, and I had accepted it. He told me I was being ludicrous. It probably does sound crazy, this willingness to die. Instinct compels us to survive. Giving in is going against the grain.
He offered to buy me coffee with the hope that he could talk me into letting him help. We had the coffee. I liked him very much. He liked me, too, and before I knew what was happening, we were a couple, and I did let him heal me for a while. He quit the church, which left them quite upset. He took me to Paris because I said I always wanted to go. The flowers in summer and the cafés and the art - it was all so whirlwind and beautiful. I would have married him if I thought I would be around long enough for him to enjoy the relationship. Making such a quick widower of him seemed like a selfish act.”
“What was the problem if he could heal you whenever you needed it? You two could go on indefinitely, right?”
“The problem was that I kept getting sick. At first, he only had to heal me every month, then it was every couple of weeks, then it was every day. How long would I have until he had to heal me every hour in order to keep me going? That's no way to live. The fact that my health continued to decline despite his assistance reinforced my belief that I was meant to die sooner rather than later. I finally begged him to stop.”
I never would’ve thought that Michael could be so devoted to anyone. I only experienced his dark side. I took the beatings and suffered through his experimentation of his healing abilities. Who was this guy everyone else saw?
Sarah went on, “I made a request of him. I asked him to buy my grandmother's house, so I could come here to die. As you can see, he fulfilled my request. We didn't get a chance to restore it, but here we are. He did his part. I love him for that and many other reasons. He is the kindest man I have ever met.”
Celeste stuck her head out the door to urge me to hurry. We had been there too long already. I nodded.
Sarah waved to Celeste, “Hi, again. You can have the clothes on the bed if you would like. I won't need them,” then to me she said, “He kept buying me things as part of his campaign to get me to change my mind about sticking around. He is persistent.”
I tried to steer her toward more recent events with the hope of finding some direction, “Did you see the men who took Michael?”
Sarah nodded, “I did. The leader had tattoos on his forearms, like writing, maybe Asian, but I don't know for sure.”
Tattoos of writing. Llewyn's tattoos could have been described the same way. The men who took my brother worked for her. She was officially not a hallucination.
“Was there a woman with them? She would've had tattoos, black hair, pale skin.”
“No, but Michael did mention dreaming about a woman with that description. He became agitated whenever he thought he saw her. I told him she was just a dream.”
Michael saw Llewyn of the glass, and then men came for him. The same could happen to me.
“Did you see which direction they went?”
She shook her head, “I'm sorry I did not. I haven't been moving around a lot since we set up the house.”
Sarah had nothing for me. She couldn't even point me down the highway. This trip to the house, our only hope of finding my brother, was fruitless. I stood up to leave.
“Hunter, wait. Can you help me die, please? Is that possible? Michael told me what you are.”
No one had ever asked me that before. I had never intentionally ended a life. I glanced back at Celeste for divine input. She nodded.
“Could you wait for me downstairs?”
Celeste disappeared into the interior of the house.
I knelt beside Sarah, “Are you sure this is what you want?”
“This is better. My death was prolonged anyway. I should have died months ago. I'm so tired.”
“But Michael -”
“He knows my wish. You don't have to tell him you helped me if you don't want to.”
I gently took the wine glass from her hand to set it on the table.
I had seen a house less than a block away when we pulled up, the one with a pair of girls playing in the front yard. I had to be conscious of them to keep my reach from extending too far. 
I felt weight in my chest, sympathy for her situation. Instead of stifling the emotion, I channeled it through my hand into Sarah's. She fell away from mortal life with the faintest of smiles. Her last words were spoken in gratitude, for Michael, for me, for the rainbow that brought magic to her final afternoon. It faded from the sky as soon as she was gone, giving life to the idea that it really was for her. 
I went back inside to sit on the edge of the bed to collect myself. I rubbed my hand over my forehead, through my hair, wondering what the hell I was supposed to do next. I was about to leave my brother's house with nothing more than a new scar on my soul. If I ever did manage to find him, I would have to tell him she was dead. It was my responsibility.
Celeste appeared at the door, “Gideon and his men are here.”
 
Chapter 8
 
I went to the window to see what was going on in the yard. At the front of the house, clouds darkened the sky once more, bringing with them a misting rain. This time, Gideon brought a bigger truck and a van packed with eleven enforcers in SWAT gear - helmets and all. 
I was more interested in his ride - an SUV that looked like ours on steroids. It was black like every other Center vehicle but had a push bar mounted to the front and tires made for off-roading. In fact, he had driven it over the creek at the base of the driveway. That truck plus a couple of the guns the Center guys carried would assist our escape and defense efforts considerably.
“I want that truck.” I told Celeste.
“We should work on surviving first.” She said.
Gideon waved his hand around in a circle and shouted for his men to surround the house. They followed orders quickly, with the synchronization of well-trained soldiers. A pair with rifles hung back. Nigel ordered one to the tree with the broken swing. He sent the second soldier back to the van, where the guy climbed up the roof.
“They'll want you alive, so they can take you back to the Center for study. They don't need me. Maybe you should try to get out alone. That way, if I don't make it, Michael still has someone searching for him.”
“Your protection is of equal importance to my mission. I will not leave you behind.”
“Alright. Those two guys, one in the tree and the other on the van, they're snipers. They shoot long-range. Their aim is probably really good. Make sure you don't give them a clear shot. Stay out of sight as much as possible.”
She understood.
“The other men appear to be wearing bulletproof vests and helmets. If you punch them, unless you can hit hard enough to break through Kevlar, they won't feel a thing. They have guns, too, as do Gideon and Nigel. We can't take them all at once, so I'm thinking maybe we could draw a few of them into the house at a time and we'll have more of a chance.”
“That sounds like a very good plan.”
“Thanks. Hours of virtual military ops have honed my battle strategy skills.”
“I don't know what that means.”
“It's probably just a really good line of bullshit, anyway.” I carefully avoided giving the snipers a clear line of sight to my skull as I opened the window to address Gideon, “That pretty suit of yours is going to get ruined in the rain.”
“All the more reason to let me in and not make a scene.”
“Not by the hair of my chinny-chin-chin.”
“Come on, Hunter. The front door is already open, for Christ's sake. You aren't holed up in a fortress.”
“You should ravage them all. We can make a run for the truck.” Celeste suggested.
“I can't. A house down the block is too close. Remember the enforcer outside the motel? Who knows how many other people I affected. I don't know what the range is. I can concentrate it on a single person if I get physical contact.”
“Are you sure?”
“It's a theory I'm working.”
“Hunter.” Gideon called from down in the yard.
I forgot my own advice for a second and turned to the window. A shot pierced the glass. I dropped to the floor.
“Holy shit. They aren't messing around.” 
A dart filled with an emerald green substance had landed on the bed. 
“It's a tranquilizer dart.” I explained to Celeste. I'd seen them before. 
On a couple of occasions when I set the trap for a fellow anomaly, Gideon's team would arrive before the webcam turned off. Those were usually the bad cases, a ravager like me or anyone he thought might bolt at the first sign they'd been made. When a person was hit by a dart like that, any threat they posed was neutralized immediately. 
Celeste reached for it.
“Don't touch it.” I stopped her, but then I had an idea. I wrapped a scarf Michael bought for Sarah around the needle and stuck it in my pocket. “That might come in handy.” I returned to the window, “Tell your boy he missed.”
Gideon cocked the pistol in his hand and yelled, “Tear gas!”
Windows on the first floor broke. I ran to the top of the stairs, saw smoke pouring through the first floor and toward me. Like a fool, I covered my face with my shirt and plunged into the fog. Celeste went after me without hesitation.
“Try not to breathe.” I told her.
Gideon ordered his men, “Bring them to me but not before you've broken a couple of bones.”
I have to say - I wasn't feeling the love.
Celeste disappeared into the fog. I slipped into the kitchen just as two men came in through the broken front door. I held my breath, picked up a dining room chair by the back and held it up in anticipation of the first enemy. I would have to hit him and run to avoid getting hit by bullets or darts or whatever the hell they were packing.
Helmet plus goggles came into view. I swung the chair at his face like I was trying to hit a home run, and he fell backwards into the man behind him with a shout.
I ducked into the fog, covering my face again and stumbling blindly through the house. My eyes were on fire. I vowed to snatch the next pair of goggles I got close to as I tripped over furniture and corners where the walls met. I could barely breathe.
The thud of a falling body in the living room shook the floor. Celeste was doing her thing. Earlier I'd noticed that the rooms on the first floor were laid out around the staircase. The rear section of the house held the utility room, a pantry, a mudroom, all leading to the back of the living room.
I went that direction only to have the handle of a gun connect with my face. I threw all of my weight into my attacker. We fell, me on top of him to the floor, at the feet of another enforcer. I remembered the tranq dart in my pocket. The second soldier took aim. I scrambled from the first man down, planting a solid kick to his head. I lurched forward, dart extended like a knife. I twisted from the path of the shot I knew was coming. The muzzle flashed. My needle found flesh at the base of his neck and he fell unconscious, almost immediately.
His gun dropped from his hand. I wasn't sure if I could see well enough to shoot, but I grabbed it anyway and fired at the guy I'd just kicked in the head. Blood sprayed from his arm. No Kevlar there, I guess. And the soldiers in the house had bullets instead of darts. Very inconsistent.
I snatched the goggles and mask off the guy closest to me and pulled them over my face. It didn't reverse the effects of the tear gas, but the burning waned well enough that I could almost see. I stayed low in the fog, moving into the living room.
Celeste was a dark blur in the haze. A soldier grabbed her from behind. I fired at his back. I doubt the bullet found its way through or around his vest, but he went down just the same. She transitioned into a roundhouse kick with the grace of a ballerina. It found its mark, an enforcer I couldn't quite make out. Helmet plus mask flew, a shadow through the gray. She followed with a devastating upper cut.
As I approached her from behind, she swung. Her arm stopped inches from my face.
“You should not be so sneaky.”
“Grab their guns.”
She took two pistols lying on the floor and held them up. I gave her a five-second lesson in what I knew about firing a gun, which wasn't much beyond what I'd learned from movies and video games.
A man moved in from the front of the living room, a second from the back. We couldn't see them yet, but their boots fell heavy on the floor. My partner and I stood back-to-back. I fired into the fog, where I thought I detected movement. Two shots from my target's gun flew wild, sinking into walls, as he collapsed. 
Celeste and I dove to either side as the second man approached from the front of the house. He appeared above me. I kicked him hard in his left knee, and Celeste pounced from the other direction, shooting him point-blank as she dragged him to the floor.
All of a sudden, the house went quiet with the exception of rain on the roof and the porch.
“How many was that?” She kept her volume to just above a whisper.
“I counted eleven coming out of the van. Two of them stayed outside, so nine came in. Gideon was still out there last time I saw him. Nigel, too.”
“What's going on in there? Hunter? None of my men are responding. Would you like to explain why?”
We positioned ourselves under the front window. The tear gas was starting to dissipate there. I removed the goggles and mask. We checked our ammunition. I had two bullets left. Celeste had a half clip in one gun and a single shot in the other. I tossed her nearly empty pistol aside.
“Do you want me to shoot them?” She asked.
Gideon was an asshole, but I still felt weird about killing him. I followed his orders for years. The idea of him not being around anymore was surprisingly disconcerting to me. He was a fixture, a given.
“We should concentrate on the snipers first. Although, I don't know how that's going to work. Their range is farther. Their aim is better.”
“I'm tired of standing in this rain.” Gideon's voice strained with irritation, “Where are my men?”
“Come in and find them.” I would give him a warm welcome.
“How about I burn the house down with you in it? That sounds like a better idea.”
Celeste wiped her brow with the back of her arm, “We need to move.”
I popped up in the window and squeezed off a couple of rounds at where I thought Gideon might be standing. A dart breezed through the window to plant itself in the floor.
I told Celeste, “I have an idea. The only way to get them to back off is to give them what they want. Have they seen you?”
“I don’t believe they have.”
“Okay, for all they know, you could be dead or gone. We know you heal fast. What about drugs? Do you think you could be immune to chemicals?” 
“I don’t know.”
“I'm going to give myself up -”
She put her hand on my arm, “You can't do that.”
“I am burning this house down in 30 seconds. Nigel, bring me the blowtorch from the van.” Gideon said loud enough for us to hear.
“There's no other way. I'll surrender. Wait until you see an opportunity and then attack. Their guard will be down once they have me. Hide when they come in to search the house, so you can ambush them.”
“What if he kills you instead of letting the snipers shoot you with the darts?”
“Game over. I don't see any other option. If this works, just make sure you don't kill Gideon. I need to talk to him.”
“This is a very bad plan.”
“I'm not exactly fond of it, either. Let me know if you think of a better one.” I rose and moved over to the section of wall next to the front door. “This is not going to be fun.” I considered running out the back, into the flooded farm field where they might have to get off their asses and chase me. 
Michael, you had so better be worth this shit. I put my hands up and stepped into the doorframe.
“Where's the girl?” Gideon asked.
“Dead.”
“Put him down.” He commanded and I swear, before he even finished those three words, I was kissing the porch. The world went black.

* * *

I'm in the farmhouse, golden lamplight pushing back the night. Quiet. Crickets outside. The windows are open, the front door intact. A muscle-bound, buzz cut-wearing ape of a man in camouflage kicks in the front door. His arms are covered in tattoos. The dark creeps onto the foyer at his heels. Three other men, dressed like him, follow. They find Michael in the kitchen, grab him by his arm before he can react to their presence. Sarah calls my brother's name from upstairs.
He says to them, “I told Llewyn I’m not interested.”
Buzz-cut doesn't take no for an answer. He holds my brother by the back of his hair to seethe into his face, “Come quietly or we’ll shoot your girlfriend in the stomach.”
Despite his torment of me, Michael was never a fighter. He never had violence of this level inflicted on him. He's too stunned to resist, and they drag him from the house as Sarah watches.
I awoke on my stomach on the sofa, a breeze from the window blowing across my back, bringing with it sprinkles of rain. A headache just above my eyes pounded. I did a quick assessment. Was I hurting other than the headache? The gunshot wound emitted a simmering pain, as did my various newer injuries from the car accident. 
The only fresh discomfort came from my wrists. I pulled them up to take a look. Deep cuts crossed preexisting scratches from the car accident the night before. 
I ran through the last events I remembered. The porch. Gideon. Celeste. Michael. I almost fell in my urgency to get to my feet. The floor lifted and settled, and I steadied my balance on the arm of the sofa. Dots of light and dark swam before my eyes.
“Celeste?” I felt drunk with the effort I had to put into making myself heard. I got hold of my voice and tried again, “Celeste?” What would I do if they killed her?
No. I wouldn't have been there if she was dead. I would've woken up at the Center, in a cell. I rubbed my sore wrists. They must have bound me with zip ties. That was usually step two of the tranquilizer routine. Dart then hog-tie with plastic, like a wild animal. It was a demeaning position to be in. 
I also realized how demeaning the term 'anomaly' really was. They instituted the designation as a kind of removal from the human race. Who the hell did Center management think they were? These thoughts were out of place in that situation. Maybe my brain had been waiting for some real down time to get the bits and pieces of logic in order.
The tear gas was completely gone. I was thankful for that as I reached the foyer and peered out the door into the rainy day. The air smelled fresh and clean, the way it should. The SUV I lusted after earlier waited on the lawn for me to drive it away.
There came a rhythmic thump sound from the kitchen - three times, slowly. Thump, thump, thump. It paused for a couple of seconds. Then again, thump, thump, thump.
They would have come in to search for Celeste. I scanned the foyer for something that could be used as a weapon. Celeste had a gun that was almost empty when we hid under the front window. I tossed it aside because it only had one bullet. I made a quick trip back to the living room and was rewarded with a loaded pistol.
The thumping resumed. 
I entered the kitchen and discovered Gideon tied to a chair with his hands behind him. Her back to me, Celeste sat across the table from him, eating one of the biggest sandwiches I'd ever seen. She had changed her clothes to a flowing tank top with flowers printed all over it and a pair of jeans. I walked up and yanked the tag off the back of the shirt. She had cut a v-shaped hole to make room for her wings. They had sprouted fresh bones and joints, their construction more complete.  
“My other clothes were ruined.”
Gideon glared at me. I smiled at the sight of the bruises on his face and the blood stains on the front of the white suit. His guns and phone were just out of his reach on the table.
“You're a dead man, Tomlinson.” He had never called me by my last name before. Rage colored his face scarlet.
Another round of thumping came from a broom closet next to the refrigerator.
“Nigel?” I guessed.
Celeste nodded, “I locked him in there. How are you feeling?”
“I could be worse.” I went to the refrigerator and pulled out a sandwich of my own.
“You were unconscious for a couple of hours. They will come looking for their men.”
“I'm kind of surprised they aren't here already. What's up with that, Gideon?” I sat near him but on the table rather than in a chair. I liked that arrangement, me looking down on him for once.
“The operation wasn't sanctioned by Center leadership. They're preoccupied with a bigger threat.”
I took a seat in the chair next to him, “Interesting. What would that be?”
“Fuck off. I'm not telling you a thing, traitor.”
“Traitor? You attacked me in my apartment.”
“Because you were harboring the most powerful anomaly we've ever seen.”
“She's an angel, not an anomaly.”
“Still buying into that fairy tale?”
“You're still denying it? Look at her.”
Celeste smirked and spread her recovering wings wide for him to see.
“She's a freak of nature, just like the rest of you.”
“Let's get back to this bigger threat you mentioned. Does it, by chance, have anything to do with people sporting tattoos of foreign writing?”
That got his attention. He sat up straighter in his chair to ask, “How do you know about that?”
“A woman named Llewyn helped me escape from you at the motel. She called the phone I had turned off.”
Gideon clenched his jaw, saying nothing. He wasn't going to give me any more info without coercion. I stifled the urge to punch him and opted instead to save my knuckles. I had a new trick to show him.
“Do you remember my classification?”
“Yes.” He shifted uneasily.
“I didn't ravage your men earlier because I was afraid if I let the sickness out, it would spread too far and hurt the family down the street. I can show you the skill I picked up, now that we’re so very close to each other. Just before you got here, I used it to help someone die, at her request.”
“Guess we can add murderer to your rap sheet.”
Anger sparked within me. Suddenly, the information I sought became less important than the fun I would have hurting Gideon. I glanced over at Celeste who must have sensed my intent. She observed me warily. I wondered if she would stop me if I started to go too far.
“I guess you can. I was able to concentrate my ravage on one person because I had physical contact. So with you here, I don't need to worry about hurting anyone else.” I locked eyes with my Center supervisor, “I want to know everything you do about Llewyn and the men working for her. You have ten seconds to start talking.”
Nigel shouted, “He'll die before he tells you!” The door received a kick, “Release us or you will face execution.”
“Shut up or you're next.” I said.
Celeste spoke up, “Violence without provocation is unacceptable. Without valid reason, you're no better than them.”
“I just need to get some answers, then we'll be on our way.” 
“Have you ever wondered why we chose you to work for us?” Gideon asked. “Of all the anomalies we've rounded up over the years, you were one of only a handful that demonstrated the traits we used to identify potential employees: a lack of compassion for fellow anomalies, a potential for violence and a wide streak of cowardice. You touch me while I’m tied to a chair, you prove us right on two of three counts.”
“Stop trying to change the subject.” I stood behind him with my hands near the sides of his head. “Who is Llewyn?”
No response.
I touched my fingers to his temples. The sickness flowed through me into him. His shoulders slumped and his head flopped to the side.
Celeste looked horrified, “I don't like what you're doing.” She left the room with tears in her eyes.
Gideon made a strangled, choking sound. I released him, and he panted like a dog and drooled on the table.
“Fuuuuckyu.” He struggled through wheezing to get the slurred words out.
I went around to the side of the table to get a look at him. Blackness infested his skin. His face sagged, mouth drooping open.
My breath caught in my throat. I had only ravaged him for seconds. The effect of my anger was so potent I had almost killed him.
“Happy?” He laughed drunkenly.
Nigel threw his weight into the closet door. Celeste reappeared at my side.
“I should stop him.” She started toward the door, but I put out my arm.
“Let him come out. He won’t go far without his boss.”
A couple more kicks, and Nigel was free. He ran to Gideon's side to tilt his partner's face up for inspection.
“I always told him you were a bad idea.” He pointed at me, “This is why we lock up people like you.”
“Tell me what I want to know, and I'll leave.”
“No!” Gideon protested, but then did a face-plant on the table. He was unconscious.
Nigel sighed, “Llewyn is a high priestess of a cult in Damascus, Oklahoma. The members are all healers and ravagers who live in a compound at the edge of a nature preserve.”
She took Michael there to be with them, an unwilling addition to the family.
Nigel went on, “We believe she's forming an army. For what purpose, we don't yet know. We stepped up our apprehension of anomalies, in part, to keep them from her.”
“What has the Center done to stop her?”
“We can't get close. She has a team of fighters she calls 'guardians'. They're as strong as our men, but most of them are ravagers. They have a distinct advantage. Short of blowing the place to smithereens, we can do nothing.”
“And you can't do that because you'll draw attention to your shady asses. The world will find out you've been kidnapping people.”
“Not kidnapping. You should understand that by now. Imagine a bunch of you running amuck in the general populace. Imagine this,” he motioned to Gideon, “on a grand scale.”
I hated to admit that he had a point. How many innocent lives could be lost to a psychotic ravager? I could probably wipe out a couple city blocks if I really lost control.
“Fair enough. We're going to pay a visit to the cult. I’ll share what I find out. I want you to call the Center and tell them what I'm doing, so they'll back off. I don't want any more chases. No more bullets flying at me.”
Nigel seemed conflicted about the deal, but he agreed, “I'll see what I can do.” He knelt behind Gideon to loosen the rope.
“I want the truck you arrived in, too.”
He scowled.
“You have the van and the SUV we drove. It's not like you don't have a ride.”
He muttered profanely as he fished the keys from his pocket and tossed them to me.
I changed upstairs and packed some of my brother's clothes. We were still about the same size, except he was a little taller. I passed over a bunch of suits and preppy attire for a hoodie, some t-shirts and jeans. I helped myself to the phone on his dresser. He probably wouldn't mind me using it as part of the effort to rescue him.
I picked up a framed picture of him and Sarah at a formal social function. It must have been taken when she was healthier because her hair was full, her coloring healthy. I repressed a pang of jealousy. I never had a girlfriend like that.
“Report what you find at the compound to me.” Nigel handed me his phone number on a slip of paper. “I'll have a better chance of keeping management calm if I give them updates.”
“Got it.” I descended the stairs to the lawn, “Thanks, Nige. I guess you aren't useless after all.”
“I recommend you avoid screwing up.”
The truck handled the flooded end of the driveway like it was a puddle. Since the rain had started, the girls at the house down the way were relegated to playing on the front porch. They waved as we passed, and I waved back, happy to see that they remained unaffected. Llewyn had given me a kind of gift by telling me how to control the ravage. 
I searched the GPS for a list of previously programmed destinations and was rewarded with the nature preserve location. Then, we were off, back down the country road toward the highway.
Celeste gazed out the window, looking forlorn. I let her sulk for a while before I finally asked what was wrong.
“He said he chose you because you were violent. What did he mean?”
I had hoped she didn't pay attention to that part of the conversation.
“I was almost nineteen when Gideon found me. My dad kicked me out all of ten seconds after I graduated high school. I guess he considered his parental obligation fulfilled. Really, I'm lucky we made it that far without killing each other. I lived on the streets. There's this area of town, called the District, with galleries and fancy restaurants and shops. I hung out there a lot and started sleeping under a bridge.”
Like a troll, I remembered telling someone jokingly. The situation was only supposed to be temporary, but it dragged on for a couple of months. Dinnertime was especially tough, when the aroma of grilled steak drifted over and all I had to eat was what I could salvage from the dumpsters.
“I got drunk and into a fight with some of my fellow bridge-dwellers. They stole leftovers given to me by a woman I met on the street. I don't make a habit of picking fights, but they pushed me over the edge. Do you know what it’s like to be so hungry that the worth of a person’s well-being becomes less than that of eating? 
I came really close to killing one guy, the ringleader, almost took out some bystanders, too. Gideon and his crew showed up and hauled me in. I resented him, but removing me from that environment saved lives.”
She said nothing and went back to staring out the window at the passing landscape. I wondered what she thought about during the course of that ride, highways and bridges, the only sounds the rain, the windshield wipers and the occasional direction from the car's GPS. She was given that mission to learn how to relate to humans, and she was assigned to me, a bad guy by angel standards, surely.
The downpour lightened as we exited onto a county highway leading to winding roads, hills and forests. Dusk deepened the gray. We passed the sign for the nature preserve on our right. Beyond a low, wire fence, a snow-white crane stood in a meadow of densely packed weeds and wildflowers swaying in the breeze.
“How do you plan to approach them?” Celeste finally looked at me.
“I thought we'd be lucky just to get here. What do you think I should do?”
“Not what you did to Gideon.”
“Okay, okay. I know that wasn't cool. I'm not what he said I am. Do you believe him?”
“All humans have the capacity to do terrible things. None of you seem to know your strength.”
“Maybe if we make friendly, I can figure out what's going on with Michael. The Center wants information, anyway. I vote we come in peace.”
The GPS voice stated that we had arrived at our destination at a dirt road leading back into the trees. A fence marked the boundary of the nature preserve. To our left, the wilds continued to reign as if that boundary didn't exist at all. 
We crossed a bridge leading over a creek, and then we hit a patch of swampy ground that rocked the truck. The trees broke, and we came to a tall fence. The iron gate opened without us having to request entry. 
The tower at the front of the compound rose like a tall, sandstone sentinel, the architecture a blend of modern church and pueblo. We drove onto wet blacktop and up to the entrance where the man who had abducted my brother stood.

 
Chapter 9
 
I recognized him from the dream. He was a thick-necked pit bull of a guy with a bearing that screamed military. He waited, arms crossed, for me to stop the truck and get out. I didn’t bother trying to walk by him or the guys around him, who eagerly waited to do his bidding. They reminded me of the enforcers from the Center, only they wore camouflage pants and green shirts. At first glance, they didn't appear to be armed.
Some of the underlings had tattoos of the same glyphs the big guy had. Theirs were single or just small clusters of the symbols, rather than the veritable book he carried on his skin.
“What business do you have here?” Face set on scowl.
My plan was to go in under the pretense of a friendly visit. After seeing the aggressive way they handled my brother, I knew to be careful around them.
“I request to see Llewyn.”
“Why?”
“I dreamed about her. She called me. She wanted me to come here.”
Pit bull barked at his men, “Frisk ‘em.”
The underlings jumped into action. I had grabbed my backpack as I exited the car. They rummaged through my clothes, found the phone and the last of our food, the pain pills and antibiotics. I put out my arms and let them take my gun. Celeste also let them take hers.
“They’re clean other than these two, Vic.” A shorter than average guy handed over our weaponry.
Vic. The name sounded angry. The beginning of the word ‘victim’ yet he looked anything but. Maybe it was short for ‘victimizer’.
“Why are you armed?” Vic asked me.
“I just came from a fight. The guns were for self-defense.”
“Any more in the truck?”
“Probably.”
“What are those?” He nodded at Celeste. “On her back.”
How do you answer that question without sounding like a nutjob?
I responded, “They’re wings.”
He grunted at me and then circled around to see for himself, “Can they be used as weapons?” He tugged at the base of her left wing. She flinched but let him do it.
“How do you use wings as a weapon? They aren’t even functional.”
“Is she some kind of science experiment?”
“She’s an angel.”
Vic smirked, “Sure she is.”
Celeste hung her head in frustration. We might as well have been walking around, introducing her as a fairy princess.
“You can wait in the lobby. I'll see if the mother is willing to meet with you.”
The mother?
We approached double front doors, beneath metalwork in the shape a flaming orb. The tower entrance opened to a room inside with a vaulted ceiling. Windows lining the walls were tall and narrow. A mosaic tiled the floor with an image that looked very much like my experience in the field during our night at the motel. Among clouds in a sky painted in shades of deep blue, a mass of stars swirled.
Vic left a couple of men behind to keep an eye on us while he left to talk to Llewyn. They stood nearby, watching us intently, their arms crossed in a stance that mimicked their leader’s. Perfectly adorable.
I surveyed the room. The lobby looked like a lounge. People sat on modern benches arranged against the walls. Others were on the floor talking, most of them my age or younger. A girl with auburn hair played guitar at the center of a ring of other teenagers. At the other side of the room, a group of them lounged and read books. I wondered which of them, if any, were ravagers like me.
They all seemed to be there willingly. They weren’t in distress or trying to escape. Could a sanctuary be the more civilized solution to the problems the Center saw in us? Is that what this was?
“Hi.” A cheery feminine voice interrupted my thoughts.
I turned to find a girl a couple years younger than me. She smiled under a tangle of curly, brown hair. She wore a t-shirt with a picture of a bucking bronco on the front and jeans that were frayed at every edge.  
“Hi.” I said back.
“My name is Bree. What’s yours?” She was cute, but there was something off about her. I couldn’t quite decide what it was, but it didn’t stop me from digging the way she smelled like vanilla and flowers.
“I’m Hunter, and this is Celeste.”
The men babysitting us uncrossed their arms to stand at the ready, eyes darting around like someone might sneak up on them. They hadn’t anticipated that any of the natives might get the urge to socialize with us. Without their leader, they didn’t know how to handle this situation.
Bree asked, “Are you moving in?”
“Just here for a visit. You live here?”
“Yup. I just love it. The crème brûlée in the cafeteria is to die for, and everyone is so nice. Where I come from, people would sooner slam the door in your face than take the extra two seconds to hold it open. That’s Jersey, by the way, a suburb called Kingston. No one has the time for anything there.”
She seemed amiable enough, a lot more welcoming than the man watching me over her shoulder. The way he looked at me, you would’ve thought I had a gun pointed to her head.
Vic returned. His glower deepened when he saw me talking to Bree. He hastened over to stand between us, facing her.
“I told you about talking to outsiders. Aren’t you supposed to be working in the orchard?”
“He isn’t an outsider. He’s one of us. I can tell. My orchard duty ended when the rain started back up.”
Vic shook his head and put his back to her to address me, “The mother has invited you to have dinner with her and stay overnight. Your…companion can also stay; however, she is not invited to eat.”
“Ok.”
“Follow me. I’ll show you to the ravager dormitory.”
“Good guess. What gave me away?”
He snarled, “We know our own kind, here.”
Apparently being birds of feather didn’t warrant any friendliness. He walked on for us to follow. 
Most of the ravagers I'd seen weren't military-worthy brutes. No doubt he'd used the ravaging as a weapon more than I had. If Llewyn really was forming an army, he was a general. 
Bree fell in line next to me, “Don’t mind my brother. He’s just a big teddy bear. He commands the guardians.”
Vic glared over his shoulder at her but said nothing. The guy was more grizzly than teddy. I got the impression that messing with him might land me in the hospital, if they had a hospital. Other than the compound, I hadn’t seen any other sign of civilization since leaving the highway. We were isolated from the rest of the world there, which didn’t exactly instill a sense of security.
We passed a set of double doors on our left. They were made of the same dark wood as the building entrance, but they were three feet taller and decorated in carvings of glyphs like those tattooed on Llewyn and her followers. The antique finished brass handles were forged into the shape of cranes, their beaks angled toward the sky, their wings at their sides.
“That’s the temple.” Bree told me. “You’ll probably get to see it tomorrow when -”
“Brianna.” Vic cut her off.
She snapped back, “What do you think he’s going to do? The mother will protect us. Although, she won’t need to because you’re friendly, right?”
“Very.” And I would continue to be friendly as long as I got to see my brother in a timely manner and as long as I found him unharmed.
At the end of a corridor, Vic swung the dormitory doors open, causing everyone in the room to jump. Each person had their own area reserved for their bed and personal belongings like framed photographs and smaller pieces of furniture. The place was homey but definitely had a military vibe, the order and cleanliness. No clothes littered the wood floor.
“Leave your backpack here.” He pointed to the bed closest to the door on the right. The footlocker lid was open, revealing an empty interior.
“What happened to the last person who slept here?” I asked as I dropped my backpack into the trunk and shut the lid.
“He doesn’t need the space, anymore.” 
That wasn’t ominous at all.
Bree said, “My bed is the third on the other side of the room.  Just ask me if you need help finding anything.”
I asked, “What about Celeste?” None of the other beds appeared to be available.
“She will sleep in a separate part of the building.” Vic and company led us back out of the dormitory, past a dark cafeteria.
“You can eat breakfast with me tomorrow, if you want. Raquel will just love you. She’s a healer, but she loves the ravager boys. Doesn’t she, brother dearest?”  
Vic ignored her. I couldn’t imagine anyone wanting to date him, not that I had any experience in that area. My impression of women was that they usually preferred nonviolent types, but then again, what do I know?
The healer dormitory was identical to the ravager dorm. I peered in as we passed, trying to find my brother among the other healers inside. I hung back until the guardian behind me prodded me forward.
We arrived at a closed door that Vic had to use a key to unlock. Celeste also noticed that her room had the potential to double as a holding cell, but she entered, nonetheless.
Unlike the dorms, there were two beds and no occupants. She would sleep alone. The only other furniture in the room was a low chest of three drawers, a nightstand and a writing desk.
“Do you plan to lock me in this room?” She calmly asked Vic.
“No.” He almost sounded disappointed. “The mother says your energy will contaminate that of the others. You have to sleep separately.”
She conceded, “Very well. I'll respect your wishes.”
He told me, “I’ll come back to get you for dinner. Elliott will remain here with you. Bree, come with us.”
“No thanks. I'm going to stick around and hang with these guys.”
He pulled her aside by her arm, “These people are strangers. I won't leave you with them. You don't know what they could do to you.”
“Let go.” She ordered, and he complied. Such an amusing dynamic to witness, the big lug taking orders from a petite girl. She had no fear. “I am grown. I make my own decisions now. We're at home. Elliott is here. Nothing will happen to me. Go.”
Vic the Barbarian went away sulking. I couldn't say I wasn't happy to see him go.
“Want to see the library before dinner?” Bree asked.
I shrugged, “Sure.”
I wanted to find out as much about my potential enemies as possible. I had to admit to myself that Bree didn't seem like a bad person. She talked almost nonstop.
“You should've visited a week ago when we had the barbecue out back. We have some musicians, guitarists, a violinist and a bongo player - Mitchell. He's an old hippie. They supplied music for Harriet's Ceremony of Light. I think it was the best ceremony yet.” She didn't even pause when she took my arm, “I wish you could've been there. We didn't complete the ceremony until way after the usual lights-out time.”
Her energy was infectious. I actually wished that I had been there, with her. I could barely believe she was a ravager. She seemed so free of concern. No one hunted her. No one feared her. In the compound, she was the norm. I was the norm. 
I had to remind myself that her people had kidnapped my brother. I reluctantly dredged up images from my vision, Vic threatening Michael, Sarah helplessly watching the love of her life removed from her home. I couldn't let myself forget.
Around the corner from Celeste's room, the library entrance was wide open, no doors, locked or otherwise. The well-lighted interior reminded me of the bookstore in the mall near my apartment. 
A large fountain offered soothing background noise to readers scattered around the room in recliners. The domed portion of the ceiling above it housed a mural of clouds against an azure sky. Beyond tables and potted palms, shelves were laden with books. The room was relaxing, but I wasn't at the compound to relax. I needed to gather information about who I was dealing with.
Bree pulled me by the arm, around the fountain, near the shelves on that side of the room. Llewyn's approved reading consisted of Eastern philosophies, Buddhism, Taoism, the teachings of Ghandi. There were volumes on meditation, organic gardening, art. Most of it was pretty mellow fare as far as I could tell. I saw no titles that spoke of a conquering spirit or a war agenda, no books about politics.
What if Nigel was wrong? What if they weren't forming an army?
“Want to meet Fred? He's our resident scribe.” Bree asked.
Fred was set up in the far corner, at a wide lectern. He was in his sixties and had fluffy gray hair. As we neared him, I heard him humming Camptown Races.
Before him, on the desk, was a trio of books. He had a composition notebook and a smaller, leather bound book on the left side. On the right, he used a calligraphy brush to ink symbols into a volume that stretched to a couple of feet wide.
“What is he writing?” Celeste asked Bree.
“He creates notes from our meditations and transfers them into the official record.” She whispered.
Fred paused in his humming to interject, “Your skills of stealth leave much to be desired. Might as well walk up and have a proper conversation, now.” His accent had a hint of East Coast.
“Sorry, Fred. This is Hunter. He's new.” 
“Nice to meet ya.” He swiveled on his stool to shake my hand, “And who do we have here?” He asked Celeste.
“She's Celeste, Hunter's friend. She's an angel.” Bree offered this information without a shade of doubt.
“An angel, eh? I studied angel mythology when I majored in theology. Do you have a classification?”
Celeste blushed, “Guardian.”
Fred clapped his hands together, evidently pleased with her answer, “Very good. May I ask why you're with us?”
He didn't seem to doubt her story, either. Also interesting was the fact that the presence of a supernatural being didn't register as unusual or worthy of any significant level of concern.
“I'm Hunter's protector.” She answered carefully.
“How wonderful.” His gaze lingered on the wings. The bones had extended even farther and while they weren't as battered as they'd been when we first met, there was something creepy about them. They looked like skeletal hands with pale gray skin that had begun to develop follicles where feathers would eventually reemerge.
I changed the subject, “What are you working on, Fred?”
He grinned, “I have the honor of transcribing the notes from our group meditations. I translate them from English into the mother's gospel.”
“Gospel?”
“Oh yes.” He held his palms toward the ceiling, “The language of stars.”
“Our most recent meditation took us into the woods where the Divine Ones made their home when they were human. We saw the creeks they drank from, the animals they hunted. We were very blessed.” Bree told me.
I realized what bothered me when I first met her. As cute as she was, Bree set off the crazy radar. She was full-on brainwashed, cult style. Did I care? Not really, not until she unleashed the crazy on me, anyway.
“You tell them too much.” Vic walked in, flanked by two of his similarly dressed guardian admirers. “Dinner is ready.”
We left Celeste and Bree in the library. My angelic friend watched as we exited. I could tell she didn't think dinner was a good idea, but we needed to play by their rules until I could find my brother.
Vic immersed himself in angry silence as we left the library behind for empty hallways. For all his obvious disdain, he didn't seem to harbor any worry that I would attack him as he lumbered along dutifully in front of me. He did, of course, have backup in the form of his buddies bringing up the rear. 
When we came to an exit door near the kitchen, I experienced a rush of fear that these lugs planned to rid themselves of me via a bludgeoning or some other violence in the back yard. But as we zigzagged down a ramping, concrete path through raised beds of flowers, no one deviated from formation. 
Rain still fell, a mist that drenched me once again. Llewyn of the glass had chosen to dine in the dark, beneath a falling sky. I shouldn't have been surprised. When one communes with stars and wild dogs, there are stranger affairs than dinner in the rain.
We reached a lawn and continued on, into the night, where lanterns on posts cast shimmers onto the wet grass. We slogged through several feet of water where the river had breached its bank, and on the other side a wooden walkway led to a dock.
I gripped the rope, not that doing so would've kept me from being swept away by the virulent current lashing the planks at my feet. Having survived the drowning at the hands of my brother when I was small, I never had much of a desire to go swimming. I wasn't even sure how well I could swim, and this position, the dark, the depth of the water beneath us, didn't put me at ease. I had visions of being carried into oblivion. All it would take was a single well-placed shove by either the man in front of me or the man behind me.
A wooden arbor came into view over Vic’s head before he moved aside. Several guardians were stationed on the dock, a ridiculous number for the fifteen-by-fifteen foot area in which we would dine.
Curtains, heavy velour things that belonged in a fancy house, draped from the arbor into water surging up through the dock. Candles and hanging lanterns lit the inside of what looked like gypsy tent. Ivy twining onto the wooden beams dripped water onto the table, into drinking glasses and plates of artfully piled shreds of vegetables in several colors. The tablecloth beneath dinner had soaked to a state of transparency.
Outside, the hull of a boat thudded against the dock, which creaked and shifted. I had no doubt that the entire setup could've sunk into the flood at any moment.
At the center of it all sat Llewyn of the glass, smiling knowingly at me. The evening chill and sporadic sprays of rain affected her in no way whatsoever. Her eyes were large and impossibly dark against skin so fair that, if not for the tattoos covering almost every inch of her arms and chest, I wouldn't have been able to discern where the white fabric ended and she began. The bottom of her white dress drifted in the water, around her bare feet. 
She was familiar and not just because I had seen her in the glass and spoken to her on the phone. I felt the link between our destinies. Our paths would have crossed, no matter the events that led us to this point. I saw why her followers called her the mother. 
She motioned to the chair across from her, “Welcome.”
“Who are you?”
The guardians took up posts nearby, looming over our conversation. I didn't feel comfortable talking to her while they were around. Vic stood directly to my right, close enough that an errant elbow on my part could’ve caught him in the thigh. One false move and I was dead meat. I didn't need to hear the threat to feel its presence between us.
“Leave us.” Llewyn seemed to sense my agitation.
“But, Mother. He’s a stranger.”
“You were a stranger to me once. Take the others and wait at the end of the dock until we're finished.”
“I don't feel you'll be safe alone with him.”
“I did not seek your counsel in this matter.”
Vic waved the others off the dock, then clenched his fists, fuming as he retreated down the walkway.
When they were gone, I again asked, “Who are you?”
“I serve many roles. At my very heart, I am a gatherer of souls.”
“Are you like me?”
“In order to fully explain what I am, I must first explain what you are.” She clasped her hands beneath her chin, “I need you to understand the importance, the privilege you've been granted.”
“Nothing about being a ravager makes me feel privileged.” 
She sipped from her rainwater tainted glass, “The world has tricked you into believing you are less. Normal isn't better. You aren't subject to their rules or values any longer now that you're with us.”
With them? This was my induction into crazy town. 
“Our story began with two brothers much like you and Michael, one a healer name Josiah, the other a ravager called Samus. They lived over a century ago in a village not far from here and discovered their abilities through church, prayer specifically. Ask and you shall receive. That's what God's proponents say. Those two boys asked for the extraordinary - the ability to heal. Josiah received his gift first. Nature gravitates toward balance, however.”
“Samus became the ravager.” 
“Indeed, he did. They were able to keep their abilities secret until adulthood, but all comes to light eventually. When the townspeople discovered what the brothers could do, they were convicted of witchcraft and put to death. While their family and friends watched them burn, Josiah and Samus took the only course of action available to them. They prayed to be as the stars.”
My brain involuntarily conjured the image of the stars in the field, the stars across the surface of water the night of the accident, so like embers from a flame. I nudged it away to get her out of my head. She didn't appear to notice.
Llewyn continued, “Their souls were shattered, but their life forces did not die. Instead, the fragments were scattered over time and space, finding new life to latch on where they could.”
“The anomalies.”
“We don't use that term here. To us, outsiders are the abnormalities.” Llewyn drew back her shoulders to sit up straight, “Each ravager, each healer, lives with a fragment of the shattered souls within them. Ravagers are components of the group soul of Samus. Healers belong to Josiah. Together, we are the immortal forms of the Divine Ones and the life balance they represent, life and sickness, light and dark.”
“Why did you take my brother?” I kept my tone even and respectful, but that was the question of the day.
“I need all the fragments in order to resurrect the Divine Ones. While I regret having to resort to such methods, they are necessary in some cases. Most people come to us willingly. Some must be coerced. All end up finding a place among us.”
Her attitude toward her questionable recruitment practices struck a nerve. Her methods were too similar to Center methods.
“What about you? Are you light or darkness?”
“I am both. I received an impossible gift - a piece of both healer and ravager. I am immune to the effects but can wield neither ability. I hope you'll stay with us. We would prefer that you do. We all belong here.”
Rather than give voice to my anger at the unspoken threat, I ate some of the shredded veggies on my plate. I couldn’t participate in any further conversation on the matter, just then. The information was too much. Turns out, I really was part of something. Too bad I didn’t have a choice. 
As we ate in silence, a conflict took root in my mind. The longer I considered what she offered, I found myself wanting to believe that she meant no harm. I liked the idea that we could have this place and a purpose beyond hiding what we were from the rest of civilization. I needed to remind myself they were criminals. 
I finally asked, “When can I see my brother? Is he alright?”
“You will see him tomorrow at the Ceremony of Light. I’ll personally see that you are reunited.”
I supposed I could wait that long. I finished my dinner and rose to leave. 
“Thank you. I appreciate your hospitality.” I said as diplomatically as I could.
“You're quite welcome.” The touch of her slender hand on my arm sent an electric pulse through my skin, “You should talk to some of the others. If you get to know them, you'll find a place of your own in our family.”
I was powerless to do anything but nod in agreement. I turned, suddenly disoriented but unafraid, and headed back down the lighted planks, hands on the rope to keep from stumbling. 
Victimizer and his fellow guardians greeted me with the same cheery demeanor I had become accustomed to receiving from them. However, this time, they let me return to the building unescorted. Vic hurried back the way I'd come, presumably to tend to whatever Llewyn might need. I went back the way we came, through the flowers and the rain.
Bree emerged from a shrub next to the door. “How was it?” She asked excitedly. “What did she say to you?”
Her wet hair clung to her face. I could smell her shampoo, more floral that overpowered the vanilla, or maybe it was the flowers around us. Either way, it was intoxicating.
“She invited me to the Ceremony of Light tomorrow.”
“Wow, a personal invitation.” She slipped her hand into mine as if holding my hand were the most natural action she'd taken that day, and we went inside, “She took to you quickly. Not everyone gets a personal audience with her, especially so soon after arriving.” Bree sighed wistfully.
“Did you come here on your own?”
“Yes. Vic heard about the compound first. He came to check it out, and when he determined it was safe, he sent for me. He's very protective.”
“I noticed.”
“We've been here five years. Vic was eighteen. I was fifteen.”
“Your parents didn't mind you taking off?”
“I accidentally ravaged a boy I liked at school. After that, they were afraid of me. Dad was a military man and prided himself in keeping our house in order. He didn't understand what I was. The whole ravager thing threw a wrench into the machine. Somehow, Vic has always managed to keep control.” She leaned her head on my arm. “What brought you here?”
“My brother.”
“More siblings! How exciting. We have several sets. The Divine Ones were brothers when they were human. The mother says they gravitate toward siblings because they feel the bond.”
I bet they didn't feel the bond between my brother and me.
Michael's phone rang in my pocket. The screen showed Gideon's cell number.
“I have to take this.”
Bree pulled me down to kiss me, “I'll see you back at the dorm.”
I watched her go until she turned the corner at the end of the hall. I answered the phone and moved toward the lobby. No one would be there that time of night.
“Hey there, Gideon. How are you feeling?”
“You cocky asshole.” He coughed, “You think you're so damn smart. Nigel should’ve shot you.”
Judging by the rasp in his voice, he hadn't quite recovered from the ravage. I didn't think the effects lingered afterward. He'd been hit three times in relatively close succession. The attacks were probably wreaking havoc on his immune system.
“Aw, don't be too hard on the guy. He really didn't have much of a choice. Besides, looks like I might be useful to you.”
“You're with the cult?”
I made a quick scan of the lobby to ensure I was alone, “Oh yeah.”
“What have you found out?”
“I can't talk now. Is there somewhere we can meet?”
“The Center set up a base of operations in a town about ten minutes from you. I'll transmit the coordinates to the GPS in that truck you stole from me. I'm going to want that back, by the way. Be there at noon tomorrow.”
“Will do. Take care of that cold. I hear chicken soup is good for the sick. Maybe Nigel can whip some up.”
“Screw you, anomaly. You'd better make this meeting worth my while or I’ll take you in. I’d be happy to do it.” He ended the call.
“Lights-out was fifteen minutes ago.” Vic stood behind me, alone for once. That guy was all business. 
“Got it.” I left the lobby for the dormitory.
Vic followed me the whole way. He was a ravager like me, though, so we had to sleep in the same place. I had a feeling that even if I were a healer, he would have remained nearby, slept by the door or watched me on a security camera. Did he act this crazy to everyone who showed up at the compound or just me?  
When I got back to the room and hit the bed, I didn’t care who watched. I don’t know if it was because I was surrounded by people like me or just that I had a comfortable bed after such a trying day, but I fell asleep almost immediately.


Chapter 10
 
“Something's wrong.”
I woke to a face hovering over me. Celeste was a blur of pale in a blur of dark hair.
“You must get up. They've already eaten breakfast in the cafeteria. I feel the presence of imminent danger.”
“What time is it?”
“Eleven.”
I had slept too long. I must've needed the rest. Then I remembered that Gideon wanted me to meet him at noon. I swung my legs from the bed and stumbled to the trunk.
“You should have woken me earlier.”
“I'm a protector, not a nanny.” She turned to the sun streaming from the window, and I saw that barbs had sprouted from her wings, the beginnings of feathers.
“Wings are looking good. Have you seen Michael?”
“No. You should be careful today.”
“Always.”
I exited the dorm to the sound of boisterous conversation coming from the direction of the cafeteria. The corridor was as empty as the dorm was. When I arrived at the cafeteria, I knew why.
The tables were crowded, every seat taken. Even the cafeteria staff watched from behind the serving counter. At the center of the action, Bree held up a crown made of woven brown vines and wildflowers. Its intended recipient was a seated woman about forty years old. Her ash blonde hair was ill-kempt, her dress a prairie-style number that covered her up to the neck.
“I proclaim today Emma Day!” Bree announced and placed the crown.
Emma grinned triumphantly. The crowd roared in approval.
A door on the other side of the cafeteria swung open, and everyone in the room fell silent. Llewyn strolled in, head high, stride regal like she already ruled the world. Again, she wore no shoes. She acknowledged people on the way, touching hands and waving benevolently as she passed. They practically swooned. Her pet bulldog, Vic, trailed behind her. 
She went directly for Bree and Emma. At her arrival, Bree bowed and backed away to give her room. Llewyn put her hand on Emma's shoulder and addressed the crowd.
“Bree was correct. Today, we celebrate Emma. Her contributions to our family have been nothing short of extraordinary. She has counseled the lost. She served on the team that set up the vegetable garden that provides us with vital nutrients. Our home would not be the sanctuary it is today without her unwavering support. I appreciate everyone's cooperation to make this Ceremony of Light a day that we will sing about until the Divine Ones walk the Earth once again.”
The crowd erupted with another round of cheering. With that, Llewyn and her guardian left the room, cutting a line through the men and women rising to cluster around the beaming Emma. I scanned for Michael as I should have done upon first entry.
Bree's head popped out of the crowd. She spotted me and waved, jumping up and down to be seen over the others. She pushed through.
“I missed you at breakfast.” Bree noticed Celeste but didn't acknowledge her presence.
“Sorry, I guess I slept in.”
“I considered waking you when I got up at five, but you looked peaceful.”
“I'm not really a five in the morning kind of guy.”
She reached for my hand, “Come on. I'll get the cook to make you an omelet. Gotta keep your strength up for the big day.”
“I have to leave for a while – an errand to attend to. I'll grab a bite while I'm out.”
The smile fell from her face, “You won't be gone long, will you? We have a lot planned.”
“I'll come back as soon as I finish.”
Trust me, sweetheart, I'm not going anywhere without my brother, I wanted to say.
She pulled me from Celeste who remained at the edge of the room.
“Why is she with you? She isn't one of us. Doesn't that bother you?”
“I've heard enough talk about our kind being freaks that I don’t worry about the differences in someone else. Celeste is my friend.”
Jesus, I was starting to sound like them. Our kind? Ugh. My answer appeased her well enough.
“Ok. Well, come find me when you get back. I'll make sure you get in on all the fun.”
“I promise.” I made a heart crossing motion across my chest.
Bree pulled me down to kiss me on the cheek, then cast a sidelong glance at Celeste.
She had no sooner walked away when I received a text from Gideon's number, Come now.
Everyone was filing out a side entrance leading to the garden as Celeste and I went toward the lobby. A pair of guardians was stationed near the door - two big guys I hadn't seen yet. One of them put a finger to his ear and spoke, probably reporting our departure to Vic. They made no move to stop us. They knew we'd return. I gave them a wave on the way out.
The truck was just where I'd left it, the exterior wet from dew and sprays of water from the trees. With the keys in the ignition and the engine started, the GPS sprang to life. It connected to download our destination from whatever satellite the Center used.
I remembered my fear of Llewyn reading my mind and reinforced mental wall between us. I didn't need her finding out about Gideon.
“You're getting attached.” Celeste told me.
“I don't know what you mean.”
“I see the way you look at her, the girl.”
“Jealous?” I raised an eyebrow.
She was not amused, “My life depends on the success of this mission, Hunter. Do not forget they're the enemy. They took Michael against his will.”
The GPS voice alerted us of the first direction, “Turn around.” 
I did as I was told and went back the way we'd come, winding down the road that rose and fell and threatened to fall off into nature.
“I haven't lost sight of what they are.” I said.
“We can't let them carry on like this. It will only lead to disaster. The evil must be stopped.”
“An assembly of healers and ravagers isn't necessarily evil. You'd probably feel more secure if they were just regular people, right?”
“That's not what I meant.”
“What did you mean?”
“You can't help what you're born with. Nature isn't evil. Action is what defines you. They worship false idols, and they disregard their maker. Therefore, this group is not righteous.”
“I've seen no evidence that what they're doing has affected anyone outside their circle. Their methods may be questionable, but they take care of each other.” I stopped at the intersection and sat there for a minute, processing what I'd just said. “Holy shit.”
Celeste looked at me fearfully. I hadn't even noticed myself slipping into their mindset, and yet, I defended them to my friend, the angel sent by Heaven to help me.
“I'm not sure how that happened.”
“You need to be mindful,” was all she said.
I spent the rest of the drive mentally reasserting my views on these people who hadn't demonstrated any real justification for what they'd done. A willingness to defend them had come on far too easily for my taste. I did need to be mindful.
Past the sign offering a welcome to the town of Grandview, antique shops lined the streets alongside boutiques with dresses in the windows, a coffee shop and an old fashioned hardware store. It wasn't Chicago, but I would take it. I hadn't realized how much I had missed the city until I got a taste of crowded buildings and concrete. Home seemed so long ago and far away that I barely remembered my cramped apartment, the smell of Indian food wafting up from Mr. Suresh's place.
The GPS directed me to a chrome-trimmed building near the courthouse - Shirley's Waffles and Fries. It did not appear to be rigged up as a remote base of operations. The parking lot was full. The place was open. I wondered if Gideon sent the wrong location.
“Ooh, I like waffles.”
“When did you have waffles?” I asked.
“I saw them on a menu. They look like something I would like.”
While I was glad to see she had no worries about meeting up with my former employer, I had my doubts. Did I have enough information to keep him from planting a bullet in my skull? Unlikely. I scanned neighboring rooftops and windows for snipers. I didn't see any, but I felt them watching. He wouldn't have met me there without hefty security, especially after what happened during our last meeting.
The smell of melting butter, grease and syrup hit me as I opened the door, giving rise to a growl from deep within my stomach. The diner was packed, almost every sunny yellow bench filled with people smiling and talking and eating breakfast food instead of lunch, despite the fact that the clock read past noon. The chrome trim on the exterior continued inside and caught the reflection of a shining black and white tile floor. The sounds of dishes and glasses clinking together rose above the din every so often.
Gideon had set up shop in a booth in the far corner from the entrance. No enforcers were around, also no Nigel, which was a first. He was eating waffles just like everyone else.
“Good morning.” I pretended to be happy to see him. “Where's my boy Nigel?”
He spoke with his mouth full, “He's in time-out for letting you go. Whatever you've got, it had better be as magical as these waffles. The sight of you fills me with rage.”
The waitress appeared, a graying woman with a tired smile. She eyed Celeste's wings, “What can I get ya, hon?”
My friend didn't notice. She never noticed people staring, or maybe she just expected them to do so. Regardless, Celeste enthusiastically ordered a drink and strawberry waffles with a side of sausage and hash browns. I ordered some French toast and coffee, and with the waitress gone, we got down to business.
“I'm not complaining because I'm starving, but why are we meeting at a diner? You said you had a base of operations.”
“We're set up, just not here. I need to make sure you aren't drinking the Kool-Aid before I tell you where.”
“Fair enough.”
“And just so you know, we are under surveillance. You try anything crazy, I have a friend who's got a good look at the back of your head through a set of crosshairs. No darts this time.”
“You don't have to threaten my life every time we hang.”
An old man at a nearby table overheard our conversation and swiveled around to assess the situation. That drew the attention of the woman across from him.
“Sorry. No problem here.” I gave him a friendly wave. “Just joking around.”
They went back to breakfast. We really needed to be more careful in public. I often forgot other people didn't lead the lives we did.
“Nosey geezer.” Gideon mumbled. He shoved the last bite of breakfast in his mouth. “Give me what you've got. I have other shit to do.”
“Most of them seem peaceful. They call Llewyn 'the mother'. The guardians are probably the biggest problem. They're like your guys. I haven't seen any weapons, but I wouldn't doubt it if they had something there. The head guardian, a guy named Vic, comes from a military family. I'm sure he sees the value in being armed.”
“How many?”
“Guardians?”
“Anomalies.”
“Only the guardians seem capable of fighting.”
Bree. I imagined Gideon's goons slamming her to the floor and winced. She didn't deserve the punishment the Center had a habit of doling out.
“They're dangerous. All of them. How many?”
“I don't know. A couple hundred?”
He clasped his hands on the top of his head and fell back into the bench seat, closed his eyes. I had always figured that Gideon's attitude toward anomalies was part of his overall angry demeanor. Watching his reaction, I didn't see anger. It was his worst nightmare.
“An army.”
“It's not like that. They aren't soldiers. This morning, they were having a party for a woman. They're regular people, sort of.”
“You're sympathizing too much. Get your head out of your ass and pay attention. They are the enemy. Your brother is their prisoner. Did you find him? Maybe he'd be of more use to us than you.”
We paused for the waitress to deliver our drinks.
“Llewyn said I would see him today during this ceremony they're having.”
“What about you, angel girl? Have you made any useful observations?”
Celeste put down her juice, “I have observed that you are a very sad man. Your heart was broken, so you inflict your pain on the world. Oppressing those you see as a threat to your way of life justifies your actions in your mind, but God sees all. Your motivations are not pure.”
He was dumbfounded for a couple of beats, then his lip curled into a snarl, “I didn't ask for psychoanalysis. Allow me to be more specific. Did you see anything at the compound that might tell us what the end game for this chick is?”
“I spoke with some of her followers in the library last night while Hunter dined with their leader. She intends to reassemble the shattered souls of her deities, who she believes were human a couple of centuries ago. She claims that the anomalies, as you call them, carry fragments of the souls - one healing spirit, one ravaging.”
“What happens once that's done?”
“The men will be resurrected.”
“That is cold-cocked crazy. And what kind of havoc do we think she's capable of causing when her plan doesn't work?” He directed the question to me.
“She's pretty invested in her belief system. I can't begin to speculate where the derailment of their reality might take her or them. The guardians, especially Vic, are serious security. They seem like they're itching for action.”
“Are they ravagers?”
“The commander is. I don't know about the rest of them, but I would assume the majority are. I only see them when they're guarding the door or following me around.”
“This is the kind of information I'm looking for, Hunter. Stories about how nice they are have zero value to me. I need an evaluation of an enemy. Detail, detail, detail. Weapons. What training do they receive? What is their hierarchy? I'm greedy for this knowledge. Do you see?”
“Okay, yes, I get it. I'll pay more attention. “
“Don't pay attention. Be proactive. Gather intelligence. Borrow some if you have to.” He called the waitress over. She gave him the check for his breakfast, and he was gone.
I moved into the bench seat across from Celeste. Over waffles and French toast, I said, “I don't think your mission will end with Michael's rescue.”
“I agree. Llewyn must be stopped. She’s gaining too much power over her followers. There are too many of them. They could become a very powerful mob if compelled to do so.”
We finished our breakfast and headed back to the compound. A different guardian stationed near the door nodded at us on the way in, while his cohort announced our return to Vic. The lobby was bustling with activity as it had been when we arrived the previous day. Bree wasn't there, neither was Michael.
Vic found us near the library, “Your brother is outside working in the garden. The mother has given permission for you to see him. I want you to understand that any attempt to remove him will be met with force. Guardians are stationed throughout the grounds.”
“I understand.” I decided right then that I would thoroughly enjoy kicking Vic's ass. The way he felt the need to assert his dominance got to me. How much of his time did he devote to ensuring every man around him recognized his alpha male status? His prick was probably two inches long.
He motioned to a corridor that ran next to the library, “Down that hall, through the door, turn right to the fenced-in area. Several people are working there.”
I had no idea what I was going to say to my brother. We hadn't parted company on the best of terms. I remembered standing in the driveway the day he left, Dad disapproving of his decision to forgo college for the quick money he would make in the traveling evangelist circles. Michael had provided some bullshit line about following his calling.
I was just happy to see him go. I didn't care what the reason. He hadn't experimented on me in years at that point, but he messed with me on a regular basis, hitting on girls he thought I liked, telling other kids if they got near me, I would give them a disease. What do you say to someone who made the whole first part of your life miserable?
With him gone, my next couple of years would be smooth sailing, or so I thought. Watching him drive away was one of the happiest moments of my life.
How things change.
In a row of lush, green plants, he bent to pull a clod of dirt from the end of the garden hoe in his hand. I'd never seen him do any physical labor. Dad never even made him do chores because the 'good' brother had something better to do, a basketball game to play, a club to lead.
That day, the soil had dyed his shirt earth brown, his jeans too. His hair stuck out in all directions, and his once athletic frame seemed frailer. There was a heavy sadness about him. I could see it from yards away, and it only became clearer as we approached. The cocksure bully was long gone. This man before me was someone completely different. They had beaten him down.
“Hey.” I said to him.
He looked, not recognizing me at first. I supposed I did look different. I was still just a kid when he left home. When he did link my face to memory, he dropped the hoe into the dirt at his feet.
“Hunter?” His voice was breathless as he threw his arms around me in a hug. “What are you doing here? You shouldn't be here.”
Michael had never hugged me before. I resisted the urge to shove him away, a reflex held over from childhood. This wasn't genuine brotherly affection, I told myself. It was merely a response to being a captive. 
I cleared my throat, “Are you alright?”
He withdrew, “I do what they tell me to, and it keeps me out of trouble.” He looked around to gauge whether anyone was listening. “We should go for a walk. Come on.”
We exited through a gate at the far side of the veggies, followed a path toward the woods. I expected to have to deal with the guardians, but no one moved to stop us. A pair of them at the corner of the building reported our whereabouts on earpieces.
We came to steps leading up to a boardwalk into the trees, and we walked for several minutes before he stopped. We arrived at a spot in which all appeared quiet. 
White cranes like the one I saw in the meadow when we first passed the nature preserve rested in the trees. They were so plentiful; they almost looked like part of the foliage, large white feather bundles among deep shades of green. 
“How did you find me?”
“Celeste came to my apartment in Chicago.”
Her presence finally registered. He stepped to the side to get a look at her wings. The feather barbs had started to form white tufts.
“What are you?”
I replied for her, “She's an angel. God sent her to help with your rescue.”
Michael laughed, “God?”
She nodded solemnly.
To my surprise, he believed her, “And to think I spent all those years denying He existed.”
Celeste scowled, “How could you say that? You performed miracles.”
“Yeah but, I just thought I was a freak of nature. I never actually believed.”
“We went to your house.” I told him.
His attention snapped back to me, “Sarah?”
I looked out into the trees and shook my head, “She's gone. She told me she was sick.”
“She wanted to die. Did you help her?”
I drew a deep breath, “She asked me to.”
His brow furrowed, but he nodded, “Yes. That's okay. That's good. I was worried these people would murder her. I'm glad you were there. They threatened to kill her if I didn't cooperate.” He steadied himself on the boardwalk railing.
“You can leave now. They have no leverage.” I offered as a sort of consolation.
“They would just hunt me down again. They won't stop until they have all the pieces to their puzzle. They're serious, Hunter. I've seen things. What they say could be real.”
“What?” I prodded.
He sighed, “Just weird stuff. I can't explain really.”
“The stars?”
“Yes, the stars, but it's more than that. When we go into group meditation, you'll see what I mean. I don't want them to accomplish what they're trying to do. It's unholy.”
“You just said you didn't believe in God.”
“I meant unholy as in not right. I've had plenty of doubts, but the resurrection of those two creatures is wrong.”
“Llewyn said they were human.”
“When they were alive, yeah, but in death, their energies have changed them. They don't even look human anymore.”
“Wait, you've seen them? As in not imaginary beings?”
Michael nodded.
My blood ran cold. I had been operating under the assumption the whole story was the concoction of a damaged, yet manipulative mind. To think the mythology she pressed could be true was horrifying. An inhuman ravager with the power of many ravagers. The existence of such a creature would be catastrophic. It could tear down every life, civilization, ecosystems. I was the next to steady myself on the boardwalk railing.
I turned to my guardian angel, “We were right, I guess. This is more than a simple rescue. What now?”
Celeste had paled, “I don't know. I need to pray.” Looking stricken, she left us to move farther down the boardwalk.
“I wondered what was so special that divine intervention was required. Too bad the big man upstairs couldn't give my girl a heads up.”
“What's up with the wings?”
“You know that old cliché about angels having to earn their wings?”
“You're kidding me.”
“You should have seen them when she landed in my living room. They looked like were ripped from her back, bloody and broken.”
He cringed, “Yikes.” Then he changed the subject, “Did Sarah suffer?”
“She was happy, tired of you keeping her alive. There was a rainbow. She said it was for her.”
A bell in the tower rang over the grounds, startling the cranes around us into flight. They lifted, wings stirring the air and scattering white feathers all around.
“That's the bell to call us to the temple.”
“What for?”
“The ceremony for Emma.”
Celeste caught up with us as we reached the lawn behind the compound. A crowd of people from the grounds was making its way into the building. Guardians kept watch near the door. 
I committed their faces to memory in an effort to start a count. They were marked with same glyph tattoos as the others, symbols on their forearms. I wondered if the number of tattoos designated their rank. 
A guardian with black hair stopped Celeste at the temple door inside, “Not you, the mother's orders.”
“I'll wait in the lobby.” She told me and disappeared back through the crowd.
Llewyn's followers would all be in the temple. I could probably get some idea of a head count while they were all in the same place.
The temple was divided with aisles on each side and one down the center like church pews, but the benches were shorter and farther apart with cushions on the floor, for kneeling, I guessed. Sunlight shone through windows that reached toward the ceiling.
The benches filled quickly. Llewyn's followers were an orderly bunch. They took their seats, talking excitedly about whatever was going to happen.
A small hand emerged from the crowd to grab me. Bree appeared.
“You found your brother! That's great. Come on. I saved us a couple of seats in the second row, so we can be close to the action.” She pulled me through the throng.
I stopped when I saw the statues. They were a pair of muscular, four-legged creatures, one in ebony and the other in ivory white, facing each other at the back of the stage. Their construction was roughly lion, but the details were alien. They each had four eyes with the larger pair shaped like wide almonds and rimmed in what looked like scales. The second pair of eyes, located behind the first, encroached on the territory of the ears, which lay against the sides of their heads.
Menacing yet silent roars revealed rows of curved teeth inside and thick serpent tongues that forked into three ends. Along their jaw lines, spikes jutted downward and continued to the base of their necks, then ran down the backs, lying against one another as though waiting for the opportunity to rise against whatever threat dared to present itself. 
“Come on.” Michael urged me to a seat.
“They look like that?” I could barely get the words out.
He nodded.
The idea that I could somehow be a part of these monsters made me want to throw myself off a bridge. I knew then I would do whatever was needed to keep those things from entering the living world.
Speakers mounted on the walls played tones like electric bells. Members of the congregation observed the stage area with rapt attention. Even the guardians posted at the entrances took seats to await the proceedings.
Two women dressed in plain, gray tunics took the stage. Their hair was pulled back from their faces and twisted into braided crowns. They stood in front of the statues.
Next came Emma, the honoree. Her tunic was a midnight blue embroidered in silver. She knelt between the women, but faced the left side of the stage. She placed her hands together at her chest in prayer.
Llewyn and Vic entered through a door on the left side of the stage. He surveyed the crowd until he located me and then turned back to her. She stood next to Emma to address the crowd.
“Welcome, everyone. Welcome to Marie,” She motioned to the women behind her, “and Dena who are here to bear witness on behalf of the Divine Ones. Emma is a shining example of what we should all strive to be. Her heart is pure, her devotion complete. Maructe, the evolved spirit of Samus, and Ekash, the evolved spirit of Josiah, taught us that the universe is driven by balance, light against dark, life against death. These energies flow through the heavens, rivers from which, upon evolution, the Divine Ones culled their names.”
I didn't like where this was heading. I could tell by the look on his face that Michael wasn't digging it either. He appeared even more haggard than before.
Bree, on the other hand, looked on with wide-eyed reverence, much like everyone else in the room.
Llewyn went on, “Each of us is but a particle of energy borrowed from the Divine Ones. When the time comes, when they call for the return of our fragment, we must relinquish our star to the rightful owner, so that one day, they may walk the mortal realm and show humanity what it is capable of becoming.”
As I took in the scene around me, the expressions that spoke of admiration and hope, I knew there was no way to stop what was about to happen. These people had no desire to be saved. In fact, if I attempted to interrupt this special day of theirs, they were likely to take it badly, especially the guardians who, for some reason, seemed to have made a mission of searching for an excuse to kick my ass.
Llewyn went to Marie who brought a ceremonial dagger from behind her back.
My stomach suddenly felt as though I'd swallowed a ball of hot lead. I was about to witness a murder. I'd seen people killed before. Hell, Celeste and I had taken out the enforcers Gideon brought to Sarah's house, but this was different. This was no fight.
Llewyn raised the knife. Bree looped her arms around mine. Her excitement was almost sickening. I wanted to shake her, tell her how wrong this was. Why didn't she know?
I looked at Michael. He shook his head no to tell me not to do it. Don't make a scene. Don't forget the danger.
“I commit this star back unto the sky. Fly swiftly. Ekash is waiting.”
The blade sank into Emma's chest easily, and she gasped a nauseating, wet sound. The witnesses sprang forward to catch her as she fell backward. She tried to speak, but the words were lost in her body's struggle to handle the trauma. 
The seconds that passed as she died ticked by in agonizingly slow motion until her movements ceased. The stillness in the room persisted for a short while after. It seemed a morbid thing, the quiet, the gawking at the lifeless body before us. 
No one moved because the show hadn't yet ended. 
A tiny orb of golden light levitated from Emma's body, twinkling in the air. Then it shot, like a miniature comet, past the witnesses and Llewyn, into the white statue of Ekash. 
I couldn't believe what I'd just seen. Michael had warned me, but I couldn't wrap my head around the reality.
Llewyn stood over Emma's body, holding the knife that dripped blood onto the carpet at her bare feet. Her gaze found mine and held, and again, I felt my soul stir. The control she had over the others wasn't caused by weakness on their part. As we stared at one another, I realized that I could easily fall under her control. Her presence was a potent force I wasn't sure I could fight.
She spoke to the crowd again, “I want you all to remember Emma's Ceremony of Light when we go into meditation. Your day will come but only through true enlightenment. Seek the Divine Ones. Live virtuously and be good to each other because we are all part of the same immortal beings. Continue to build the kingdom, so your brothers and sisters can find their way home. We'll have a short break and then gather outside for the pyre.”
Electronic bell tones played through the speakers again. Everyone in the audience rose to leave. The mood lost all solemnity. They spoke to each other about trivial things like chore lists and where they would meet up later. Bree chattered in my ear about how wonderful Emma's ascension was and how she longed for her own Ceremony of Light. I tried to block her out because I didn't want to hear about how she couldn't wait for Llewyn to stab her in the chest.
Celeste met us as we exited. Upon seeing my distress, she asked what the matter was.
I told her, “You were right. Something is wrong.”
 
Chapter 11
 
We gathered in the back yard near a roughly-assembled, wooden dais. Led by Llewyn and Vic, a pair of guardians brought Emma's body out on a stretcher. The dark blanket they'd lain over her was embroidered with stars like the tunic she wore.
They hoisted her up, then stepped back for another member of the family to light the kindling. As I watched her burn, I envisioned Bree in the flames, my brother, me. This was Llewyn's plan for all of us. Once she got what she wanted, we would burn. Some Ceremony of Light.
I was relieved when people started leaving. I had to call Gideon.
“I have to run out for a while.” I told Bree.
She pouted and nuzzled my arm, “Can't I go with you? You always leave me behind.”
“Not this time. We'll hang out later.” I wasn't happy about the way my voice sounded, that harried, defeated tone, but I couldn't hide my dread.
Michael, Celeste and I started up the hill to head around the side of the building to the driveway where the truck waited. Vic intercepted me. He dragged me to a spot near the garden, in the shade of an elm tree. Michael hung back. Celeste was at my side in an instant, which didn't deter the guardian from spewing venom my direction.
“I'm not feeling your faith.”
I wanted to tell him how deranged I thought they all were. I wanted to grab his shoulders and shake some sense into him. Didn't he know that his name could pop up on the Ceremony of Light list at any time? What about his sister? I was suddenly angry that he put someone as trusting as Bree in such a dire situation. I chose my words carefully.
“You'll have to excuse me. I've never witnessed a human sacrifice before.”
He clenched his fist near my face, and I thought he might hit me. His face reddened. This guy could get out of control really fast. 
Temper, temper.
“She wasn't a sacrifice. You might think you're better than us, but these are your people. Keep refusing what you are, and see where it lands you.”
I asked, “Is that a threat?”
“You're damn right it is. Maybe you have no loyalty, but I do.” He noticed the keys in my hand, “Where are you going?”
“Why does it matter? Am I a prisoner?”
He backed off, “You aren't,” He motioned to Michael with the top of his head, “but he can't go.”
“Why?”
“Because he's a security risk.”
“That's bullshit.” I stepped forward to lay into him. I had reached the verge of not caring how big he was.
Michael stopped me, “Hunter, it's fine. I'll stay. No big deal.”
Celeste nodded at me, a signal that I should go with the flow. She started toward the truck. I went with her.
“He'd better be in one piece when I get back.” I shot back at Vic.
I worried he or some of his cronies would follow us as we drove the winding road, but we reached the intersection at the edge of the nature preserve without interference. I was surprised. With the level of tension rising, I expected our conflict would escalate to physical confrontation soon enough.
“They won't continue to let me come and go whenever I want if they find out I'm talking Gideon. If something happens to me, I want you to cooperate with the Center to stop Llewyn.”
“They attempted to capture us.” She looked down at her hands folded in her lap.
“They're the lesser evil. I know they aren't trustworthy.” I hated to ask her to work with the Center after all they put us through.
She said, “I understand.”
I waited until we got to town before calling Gideon. A check of the mirrors revealed no one from the compound had followed us.
“I need to talk to you.”
“Again? I just saw you this morning. Do you miss me already?”
“Let's just say that recent events have inspired a sense of urgency.”
“How do I know this isn't some kind of kooky cult shenanigan? Is this a trap?”
“Damn it, Gideon, you're going to have to decide at some point, once and for all, whether you trust me. Do you want information or not?”
There was a pause, and then he said, “I suppose that was a convincing level of outrage. I will transmit our location to the GPS.” He hung up.
I pulled into a parking space to wait
“What would they do to me?” Celeste asked.
“Who?”
“The Center, if they decided I wasn't helping them.”
I shrugged, “I've never seen them take in an angel. When they got me, Gideon and a couple of enforcers beat me unconscious. I woke up as they dragged me from the back of a van, through a loading dock at the back of the asylum. That's what they use as a cover for their operation - an old mental asylum. I think they have some actual mental patients there to keep up appearances. I spent time locked in a room with a bed, more time locked in what looked like an interrogation room. They kept me drugged.” I could tell my story wasn't easing her concerns. “I was just a stupid kid, though. You're a badass guardian angel, right? So that probably wouldn't happen to you.”
“I can't lose you.” She didn't mean she needed me to get back in Heaven's good graces. She cared about what happened to me because she cared about me.
The female GPS voice informed us that we had a new destination. I put the truck into gear, and we were off. We followed the main drag until it ended at a curve at the top of a hill, then we veered right onto streets paved with brick. Like the downtown area, the residential district was untouched by the flood. 
Most of the houses were cottages with overstuffed gardens that belonged in fairy tales. Down another street and around the corner was the Center base of operations or as it was labeled from the outside - Lemon and Wallitz, Attorneys at Law.
The office was a turn-of-the-century three-story house with a scalloped roof. Every square inch of the exterior (and there were many inches), with the exception of the window panes, was painted dark green on green on green.
“With a name like Lemon, I would have guessed it was yellow.” Celeste said.
The front room had been converted to a reception area. A burly enforcer was stationed behind the desk, among piles of papers and crayon drawings by children. A kitty calendar adorned the wall next to his head. The nameplate read - Doris Winters.
“Hey there, Doris. Where's Lemon?”
He grunted, clearly not amused by my wit and charm. He pointed to his left to the staircase leading to the second floor.
Celeste and I ascended the creaking stairs to a loft where we found a computer setup with several monitors, much like the workstation at my apartment. A figure was bent amid the tangle of wires next to the black desk. He wore a pair of shiny athletic shorts and a Miami Heat jersey.
“Teag?”
He hit his head on the underside of a shelf, “Ow, shit.” He turned. “You're here.” He said it like he didn't quite believe it, then he looked afraid of what I might reveal about him assisting with our escape. He hadn't told them he helped me. I wouldn't have told them either. Center management wasn't exactly understanding.
“They got you out of the city? What did that take?”
“Only the threat of a loss of job security.”
Working for the Center was almost as dangerous for him as it was for me. They liked to keep their secrets, and people who left, the nonanomaly variety, were coerced into keeping their mouths shut. From what I understood, they and their close family members were monitored to ensure no one outed the Center.
A door down the hall opened and shut and Gideon came into the room. Nigel was with him. The sight of them together was oddly comforting. A part of the team dynamic had been restored. Nigel went to the computer and started typing.
Gideon asked, “What do you want? We're still getting wired in.”
“Smells like old people and furniture polish in here. What happened to Lemon, Wallitz and Doris?”
“We sent them to Bermuda,” He snapped, “Vacation of a lifetime. What developments do you have to share? You know, since earlier today.”
“They're offering human sacrifices to their gods.”
“Good, should minimize the number of anomalies left to snuff out when we overtake them.”
I bit my tongue. No matter how hard I pushed back, Gideon would never see us as human, not that he afforded regular people any significant level of compassion, either.
“I want this to be over soon, preferably in the next day or two. I want you to raid the compound.”
“We can't.” Gideon rubbed his forehead, “We're running low on men.”
“Sounds to me like management isn't taking this threat seriously. They need to.”
“I mean overall. I need to talk to you alone. Come with me.”
For once, he didn't sound pissed. He hadn't threatened me since I arrived. When I noticed the loss of haughtiness, that's when I realized he was in over his head. We all were. I told Celeste to wait for me there, which pleased Teag greatly. He was already sidling up to her as my supervisor and I left the room.
In an office a couple of doors away from the others, Gideon flicked the switch, illuminating a brass table lamp. The place was frilly with quilted everything like a grandma had decorated it. Books were everywhere, stacked and lined on shelves. He sat in a leather armchair behind the desk. I took the smaller armchair in front of the desk. He laced his fingers in front of him.
He said, “We already attempted a raid on the compound.”
“When?”
“While you were cavorting all over the countryside with your new girlfriend. Another team thought they could go in, guns blazing, and make a dent. We lost thirty men that day. As far as we could tell, we got maybe one of theirs. The problem is they're too damn big. Bringing an army wouldn't make a difference. Regular humans are no match for ravagers, especially so many.”
“Management has given up.” I guessed.
“They're exploring their options, which is probably code for readying the escape pods. They had packed up the base of operations and fallen back. They know Llewyn is going to come for the anomalies we already locked up. Most of the remaining forces have been relegated to guarding the Center.”
“You could've warned me how dangerous Llewyn's people are.”
“Oh, I apologize, your highness, but I was busy recovering from that delightful time we had at your brother's farmhouse.”
I had never thought of Gideon as a courageous person. Cruel? Yes. Sadistic? Definitely. But seeing him there, taking up a post from which his cohorts had retreated, I gained respect for him. I still thought he was an ass, of course.
“What about the anomalies in Center custody? Can we use any of them?”
“We have several in training, but they've all been anxious lately. Management said we had three escape attempts in the last 48 hours. They're hunting for weaknesses in our security and maintenance systems. They do that all the time, but usually not in such close succession. They've gotten more desperate to get out.”
“It's Llewyn. She's calling them to her.”
He raised an eyebrow, “Calling them?”
I thought for a moment about how to best communicate what I was attempting to say. I didn't particularly want to tell him about seeing her in the glass or that night in the field with the coyotes and the stars. That was crazy talk, even if it was true.
“If the cult is a hive, she's the queen bee. She can communicate with her people through some kind of extrasensory method.”
“So, she's psychic.”
“Yeah, I guess you could call it that.”
Is the ability to force images into people's minds psychic? I didn't have a better word for it.
“Does that mean she knows you're here?”
“I don't think so. I've been working on blocking her out of my mind, and it seems to be working. Celeste says Llewyn can only reach me that way if I allow her to.”
“I hope you're right,” He slapped his hands on the table and stood, “Let's go discuss some logistics, and we'll see where we are.”
We assembled in the tech loft. The center, top monitor displayed a satellite view of the compound. The top left monitor was a diagram of the building with no divisions for rooms or labels. The monitor to the right was a satellite view of the compound but zoomed farther out to show the grounds, the network of boardwalks, the river, part of the nature preserve next door and the road leading in. The second row of monitors displayed various Center communications, GPS tracking on vehicles in the area, including mine parked out front. Teag sat in the rolling office chair at the keyboard.
“Okay,” I pointed out rooms and approximate sizes on the diagram, “The ravagers sleep here and the healers in this dorm. With the exception of some of the guardians and maybe Llewyn, they go to sleep at the same time. Then they eat meals together in the cafeteria. Here.” I estimated the times in which they engaged in these activities.
“An attack would be much easier if we could get them all in a room together.” Nigel suggested.
“That shouldn't be too difficult. They ring a bell when they want everyone in the temple.”
Gideon asked, “Did you figure out how many people live on the property?”
“I'm still estimating them at a couple hundred. I tried to get some kind of count while we were in the temple. Everything moved pretty fast.”
“What about the guardians?”
Celeste fielded that question, “We have counted about twenty so far. You can tell which are guardians by the tattoos on their arms. They sometimes wear camouflage, but they can also be dressed in regular clothes. I don't believe they have uniforms.”
I added, “They communicate to each other via earpieces.”
“Where does Llewyn sleep?”
“I haven't figured that out yet. I'm sure it's not a dorm.”
The window behind the wall of monitors revealed the sky outside was darkening. If I didn't get back to the compound, they might think I wasn't coming back, or worse, realize that I was talking to their enemy. I told Gideon I had to leave, that I would come back with more information when I could.
“I'll see what resources I have left to pull. Calling in a couple of favors might net more weapons, maybe some men. This is our probably our only chance. We need to make it count.” He said.
Vic was waiting in the lobby with two other guardians when we returned to the compound. No one else was hanging out there like they usually did, and I was afraid that might be the end of my term as a spy.
“The mother wants to speak with you. Come with me. Celeste, you may retire to your room.”
Her eyes narrowed at him. She didn't appreciate the order but didn't argue. I wondered what she might do to him when she finally got the chance to give him the beat-down he deserved. I smiled at the thought.
We moved past the temple door to a neighboring hallway. I made note of the hand scanner lock he used to gain entry. I hadn't seen another one like it at the compound, which told me that whatever lay beyond warranted heftier security. The corridor into which we entered was narrow, the floor an earthy, gray ceramic tile. At the end, we came to a wooden door with a prismatic window. No lock.
He opened the door and shut it behind me without coming in. I was glad to be rid of him, even if I knew he wouldn't go far.
Plants grew thick and lush in intensely humid air redolent of potting soil. Water dripped on me from above and for a second, I thought I might be outside. An irrigation system, a grid of pipes around skylights on the ceiling, sprinkled trees and the grass beneath my feet.
A brick path wound through plants that showed evidence of obsessive trimming. Edges, both angled and rounded, were shorn so evenly, they no longer looked natural. 
I found Llewyn sitting cross legged on a small grassy hill where no trees grew. Her eyes were closed, her hair loose on her shoulders. I stepped over a babbling brook to reach her, then saw that the hill was an island surrounded by a creek. She didn't react to my presence.
“Vic said you wanted to talk to me.”
She opened her eyes and seemed surprised to see me. She smiled, “Yes. I'm happy you're here. Please sit with me.”
I did as she requested, “This is a heck of a room.”
“I spend many hours here. The quiet and the energy given by the plants are quite conducive to meditation.”
Sitting on the grass was awkward. I pulled my legs up to cross them like she did, mostly in an effort to keep my shoes out of the water.
“I want to understand why you worked for our enemy.”
“What do you mean?” Request clarification before panicking - always a good plan.
“Your job. You hunted your own, so those men would imprison them. Why would you do such a thing?”
I felt a twinge of guilt. It was kind of a shitty way to operate, but really, what choice did I have? They weren't just my oppressors. The Center also provided a paycheck and a roof over my head. They kept me from accidentally ravaging the general public.
“I didn't have many options. They caught me when I was a teenager. Once they determined they might have some use for me, they offered me a job.”
“Did your conflict with Michael affect your decision to betray us all?”
The phrasing of that inquiry didn't bode well for me. In her eyes, I was a traitor before I knew her group existed, before I met her or Bree. Did anyone else know? If Vic found out about my job, that explained why he had such potent animosity toward me.
I shrugged, “Maybe.”
“Have you forgiven him?”
Had I? My childhood was a nightmare because of him.
“He's not the same person now.” was all I said.
“He is the same person. You need to forgive him fully in order to move forward. All you've done is choose to overlook what he did to you. That does not constitute forgiveness.”
“I forgive Michael for terrorizing me.” It probably didn't sound very sincere, but I wasn't sure what else she expected me to say.
“And you'll forgive yourself. Your mother's death wasn't your fault.”
Geez, did this chick know my life story or what?
“I know that.” As much as I distanced myself from people in general, there were those who had told me as much. The shrink/brainwasher at the Center. Celeste. A couple of marks who I opened up to before Gideon removed them from society. Hell, I practically chanted it to myself as a mantra when I lived at home with Dad.
“These factors have contributed to a conflict with what you are. A ravager is neither good, nor bad. They simply exist. You deserve to exist and to be what you are without interference from others.”
I hated when she started to make sense because that meant I was a step closer to being one of them. I conjured mental images of Emma's stabbing to remind myself what being one of them meant.
She said, “Close your eyes, Hunter.”
I did as she told me to, and her cool, slender hand slipped into my grasp. A dizzying calm swept over me in a wave that almost knocked me onto my back. My heartbeat took on a slow, heavy rhythm in my chest. I opened my eyes, and the room was dark. Fireflies blazed everywhere, or were they stars? Their reflections skimmed the surface of the water all around us.
Llewyn was no longer holding my hand. She stood at the crest of the hill, arms raised over her head. The stars surrounded her to swirl up her tattooed arms to her wrists and beyond.
“Our brothers and sisters who have ascended remain close. What you witnessed today in the temple wasn't violence. They don't die. The enlightened transcend their mortal bodies. I can draw them when I need to feel them close.”
“What are the statues for?” Emma's soul had left her body for the statue of Ekash.
Llewyn lowered her arm into the ring of souls at her waist, and they circled her faster, excited by her presence and her attention. Some of them drifted over to me and duplicated the movements. I put out my hand. They didn't stir the air. However, I could feel them like static electricity, without the shock, coursing across my skin.
“The statues are gathering places, homes in which the Sidera live until the day of the resurrection.”
“Sidera.” I repeated her word for them, wondering if I was making the right decision by siding with Gideon. I turned my palm up, and three of the shining stars whirled in my hand.
“They are beautiful, aren't they? We are beautiful. Being extraordinary doesn't make you evil.”
“This is definitely extraordinary.” I agreed.
“Would you do something for me, Hunter?”
I had to stop myself from telling her I would do anything.
“What?” The light from the Sidera brightened until it blocked out the darkness completely.
“You must send Celeste away. Her presence has disrupted the harmony we work so diligently to maintain.”
“She hasn't done anything wrong.”
“She's part of an opposing force.”
“God is an opposing force?” The wonder drained away, and normal lighting returned to the room.
“He has always worked to keep humanity in their place. We appreciate Him for the physical life He has given, but the desire to be more is only human. She can't stay.”
Play by the rules; that was the plan. Against my instincts, I agreed to ask her to leave.
As I left the room, Llewyn called after me, “Tomorrow is a new dawn. You'll see how happy we are, how loved you can be.”
I opened the door to see Vic standing there.
“You never wander far, do you?”
“Never.”
He escorted me to Celeste's assigned room. She turned from the window as I entered.
“What's wrong? What happened?”
I didn't want to say the words. I'd gotten used to having her around. She had my back, unfailingly. She was honest and fearless. I admired her. No matter how confused I had become about what was right and wrong, I knew I didn't want her to go.
“You have to leave.” The words caught in my throat. I stared at the floor, unable to make eye contact.
“Is that what she said?”
I nodded. I couldn't tell her to go to Gideon while Vic was standing there. I hoped she remembered what I said earlier and went along with the plan. This separation wasn't mission-ending.
“Then, I will go.”
I followed her to the lobby and handed her the keys to the truck outside, “I'm sorry.”
She pulled me close and then hugged me, “I will be fine. We'll be fine.”
Then she passed through the front door into the night. I stayed there until the sound of the truck engine faded.
Vic slapped me on the back, “Good. Now you'll really be one of us.”
He grinned, which was terrifyingly unnatural in a face I had only seen twisted in anger. However, the change in his attitude - was it a step forward? I was less of a threat with her gone. In fact, I wasn't really much of a threat at all. I couldn’t even leave the premises anymore because she'd taken the truck. I was trapped there with the pit bull and Llewyn, the gatherer of souls.
I smiled back.

 
Chapter 12
 
Rain fell the next morning when I awoke. Bree poked me in the arm. I knew it was her by the smell of vanilla and flowers, and I was happy. Then I remembered my circumstances. Celeste was gone. I was trapped at the compound.
“Good morning, sleepy head.” She rested her head on her arms, which were folded on my blanket. Her smiling face was inches from mine.
“What time is it?”
“Breakfast time. Six in the a.m.” She pulled on my arm, pretending to attempt to drag me from the bed. “Come eat with me.”
“Alright. I'm getting up, already. Let me get dressed.”
I usually don't do six in the morning, but the rest of them did. Most of my fellow ravagers were busy cleaning up their sections of the dorm, putting clothes into footlockers, tying shoes, listening to the radio. They were all wide awake. I, on the other hand, was not. I tried to force my eyes into focus while I retrieved a t-shirt and some pants from the backpack in my footlocker.
Bree hopped onto the bed to watch me get dressed, “You're a scrawny thing. My brother would probably let you work out with the guardians if you want to put some meat on those bones. They take a three-mile run through the nature preserve every morning. I bet he would let you go if you think you can keep up.”
My brain clicked on and recalled that I was supposed to gather information about the enemy. First priority was finding Michael, but I would make note of this tidbit of information for Gideon. I had visions of snipers in the trees next to the boardwalk, roosting among birds, lying in wait for Vic and his boys to pass. The guardians wouldn't expect an ambush. They'd be sitting ducks. 
I was starting to think like Gideon. I shuddered.
The cafeteria was packed. Bree and I moved through the line, dragging trays in front of small plates of food. I felt like I was in high school again. This ordinary looking scene in such a bizarre circumstance was almost surreal, which didn't stop me from eating practically everything I could get my hands on.
I didn't see Michael in the sea of faces around us. I asked Bree if the ravagers and healers ate at the same time. I couldn't tell who was what just by looking at them.
“Yup. Everybody should be here.”
“I don't see my brother.”
She said, “He works in the garden, doesn't he? We can check there later.” She wasn't concerned at all, so I went along.
She and her friends at the table talked about a new irrigation system they were working on for the flower garden at the back of the compound. Bree was on the planning committee. For someone so brainwashed, she was surprisingly intelligent. The healers sitting across from us, Max and Greg, had devised a system that detected the level of moisture in the air. When the humidity dropped to a certain level, the sprinkler system would turn on.
“The only problem we have is the different levels of moisture needed by different species of flowers. Too much for the lily isn't enough for the geranium, and they were planted such close proximity there's no way to water one without drowning the other.” Max pushed his glasses up the bridge of his nose.
“Fire the botanist.” Greg snort-laughed.
They were genuinely nice guys. Most of the people I'd met at the compound were nice. They might have even been normal before Llewyn got her hands on them. I didn't want to see them eradicated. I wanted to save as many of them as possible, maybe find a way to keep them out of Center custody when all this was over.
We were alone in the cafeteria, finishing our breakfast, when I asked Bree, “Does Llewyn stay in a dorm?”
“Of course not! She has her own quarters beyond the temple. She needs a lot of time to commune with the Divine Ones. Her work is exhausting.”
“Can I see her quarters?” I shouldn't have asked such a dangerous question.
She cocked an eyebrow at me, “We aren't allowed in there, but I can show you some other cool stuff.”
I would search for my brother as we went. The first stop was the room I'd seen the previous evening with the skylights and trees. Her hand on the scanner gained us access.
“Can everyone get in here?”
“Not everyone.” She grinned, “I have a higher security clearance than most people because of my work and my brother.”
“I was with Llewyn in this room last night.”
She hugged my arm as we walked, “You're fortunate the mother has shown a personal interest in you. That rarely happens. She must have a great plan for your future.”
Why did she invest so much time in me? Did she sense a lack of faith? Did she sense I might betray them? No. She knew about my job with the Center, knew I might have access to the imprisoned souls she needed.
“Something like that.” I muttered.
We strolled down the winding paths through the gardens. Bree explained the pipework overhead, how it drew water from the river outside and filtered it before finally sprinkling it onto the plants inside. The system was a bit of genius. How long could innovation keep Bree from Llewyn's knife?
We crossed into a Zen garden complete with Asian-style stone lanterns and an ornamental bridge over sand. We sat together on a bench nearby. I stretched my arm across the back, and she rested her head on my chest. I liked having her there. It almost felt real, like we could have a real relationship. Then I remembered the grimness of her situation. I had to stay focused.
“Do you mind if I ask kind of a weird question?” I said.
“Ask away.”
“Who bankrolls this place? This facility is pretty amazing.”
“We pool our resources. New people bring material possessions, skills and their money.”
Typical cult story. I should've guessed.
She continued, “We have accounting geniuses who invest the money. We have all kinds of people here.”
“What kind of people are the guardians?”
Bree pulled away to look at me, “Are you thinking of volunteering?” Her smile was even wider than usual.
I wasn't thinking of joining Vic's gang, not ever. They looked like a bunch of muscle-bound morons.
“I don't know. Maybe. I have to fit in here some way, right? Have a role?”
She clapped her hands and jumped to her feet, “This is a great idea! I love it. I'll talk to Vic for you. He'll let you in; I just know it. Come on, I'll show you where they work out.” She held out her hand for me to take it.
Well, that was almost too easy.
We left the Zen guardian behind for a destination that wasn't so Zen. We made a trip through the lobby, during which I made a quick search for Michael. Again, I didn't see him. I started to worry. If he was still free to move around, he would've been seeking me, too. We would have found each other by then. 
Victimizer and his goons had probably locked him up due to his association with Celeste and me. However, if they no longer saw me as an enemy with her gone, why would they keep him stashed away?
The door into the guardian lair was more secure than the others I'd seen. It was made of steel and had a mechanized deadbolt hooked up to yet another hand scanner. Bree gained access, and then we entered a pitch-dark room.
“Lights.” She said, and the tract lights overhead obeyed by flickering to life.
We descended a set of stairs to a basement floored in polished red wood. A touch of sweat stench mingled with bleach hung in the air. A mirror ran the length of the wall in front of a neat line of mats similar to those used in my high school gym, only these were black, premium-grade models. 
“Let me guess. This is where they hold their dance classes.”
She giggled, “Not quite. They practice hand-to-hand combat in here. My brother has a black belt. Tae kwon do.”
We rounded a corner to a workout room with machines and free weights everywhere. Plastic dummies and punching bags were gathered on the other side.
Bree turned me around to pull me by my shirt, “Sometimes, when I know no one is using the room, I come down here to be alone.” She reeled me in and kissed me, which would've been much more enjoyable had we not been in a place her much larger, much meaner brother practiced beating the crap out of people. I found a way to enjoy it, nonetheless. We ended up against a wall of dark glass.
She finally pulled away, and I asked, “So what if he found me in here making out with his sister?”
“He would punch your lights out.” She smiled coyly and kissed me again.
I opened my eyes while we were kissing and spotted something that changed the game. It reminded me of the liquor store in my neighborhood in Chicago. They attempted to go upscale by installing a wine tasting room with fancy lamps and leather armchairs. They had cordoned it off with a wall of glass that gave it a fishbowl effect, so the commoners could get a good look at the party. 
The room on the other side of the glass in Vic's gym was suited more for his idea of fun. Dark-wood cabinets on three walls held artfully illuminated guns on racks. Pistols, shotguns, sniper rifles, AK-47s gleamed in the light - ready for Vic and his thugs. One case was reserved primarily for grenades and ominous canisters bearing warning labels.
“My God.” I couldn't hide my horror. I was no stranger to the sight of weaponry, but that was an arsenal. I had never seen so many objects used in the dealing of death in one place.
Gideon and his enforcers wouldn't stand a chance against heavily armed and trained ravagers. No wonder their previous raid had failed. We would fail, too, unless we could come up with some genius plan. The worst part was that there were more guns than guardians, far more, which meant people like Bree could take up arms to defend the compound if necessary. My legs went weak.
“What's wrong?” She saw what I was looking at, “Oh, don't worry. Those are just for self-defense. We've only had to take some out once. You'd be surprised how closed-minded people are. The mother says we'll always have to be vigilant because 'normal' society doesn't appreciate the extraordinary. They like to keep the world as predictable as they are.”
I recovered from the shock long enough to suggest that we leave before her brother found us there. I had a feeling he wouldn't appreciate my presence. “Hey, do you mind if we look for my brother? I still haven't seen him. I want to make sure he's okay.”
I breathed easier once we had exited the violent underbelly of the compound. I didn't want to go back there unless I had to, which I would if Vic decided I was guardian material. That meant hanging out with him and his fellow meat-heads. I would do it if I could stop Llewyn from killing Bree and other assorted decent people, even if it meant taking 'practice' hits from the Victimizer.
Rain kept most of Llewyn's family inside. They talked and played games in the lobby, stretched out with books in the library. Some of them polished furniture or swept floors or were engrossed by whatever was on their laptop screens. At my request, we searched the cafeteria kitchen, the greenhouse, even a front office, all without luck. I ran out of unlocked doors and communal spaces. 
Bree did a reasonable enough job of showing concern, offering reassurance and entry to certain secured rooms. We went wherever she could take me. I did notice, however, that her suggestions for places to search were far between. She was compliant, but seemed reluctant to offer any real help, and whenever we happened upon a guardian, she tensed up.
“Maybe he's with the mother. She devotes much of her time to assisting individual family members with the search for enlightenment.”
Enlightenment. They gave Emma a Ceremony of Light when she reached it. If Michael was with Llewyn, it wasn't because he sought this enlightenment willingly.
“Where does she assist with these searches?”
Bree lowered her voice, “I can't say. There are some parts of the compound I haven't seen yet, rooms that are off-limits to almost everyone, like the mother's living quarters. Vic and only a couple of others are allowed.”
“Where?” I insisted by locking eyes with her.
“Beyond the temple.” She offered in a hushed voice. “Entry is forbidden to all who aren't blessed. It's sacred ground.”
Guardians were always stationed at the carved wooden doors. There was no way I'd be able to get in there on my own. I couldn't overpower trained fighters. I needed a good plan before I did anything. I let the subject go for the moment.
At lunch, we sat with Max and Greg again. I asked if they'd seen Michael around. They hadn't. No one had.  
“I could check the feeds from the security cameras.” Max offered and reached for his bag under the table. 
I kicked myself in the ass for not thinking of that. Any place with that many guns would have eyes on every nook and cranny. That could have saved us a lot of time and energy. Instead, Bree had manually taken me from room to room on a wild goose chase. Had she not thought of the surveillance system or was she stringing me along?
“Wiring up the cameras was the first job I had when I came to the compound. There's actually a monitor room at the west end of the building. Only guardians, the mother, and maintenance technicians are allowed in there, now. I still have the software on my computer, though.”
“I don't think that's a good idea.” Bree glanced around to check if anyone was watching us.
“Why would you say that?” I asked. I was sick of the barriers and sick of not knowing whether she was working with me or against me. I kept calm.
“I just don't want to get in trouble is all.”
As Max powered up the laptop, the temple bell toned.
“Darn. Guess we'll have to check later.”
“No, wait.” I put my hand out for the computer.
He slid it from my grasp, “Sorry, gotta go when the mother calls.”
“We'll check later.” Bree assured me.
We filed into the temple, taking seats as we'd done before. We didn't sit as close to the front, which made me more comfortable. I didn't like being so close to Llewyn while she wielded power over that large of a crowd. I made another count of the guardians while we waited. I scanned for the tattoos. Four by the door, more at the ends of the aisles. I counted twenty five, which was close to what I had estimated before. I included Vic in that count. No doubt he was with Llewyn, preparing for whatever this was about to be.
“This isn't another ceremony, is it?” I asked Bree.
“No. This is just meditation. The ceremonies don't occur very often. We meet here for group meditation a couple times a week.”
I used the opportunity to evaluate the entrance to the forbidden section of the compound. I assumed it was the stage door because it was the only other door leading from the room, aside from the way we'd come in. Interestingly enough, there were no visible locks, no hand scanners. It just looked like a regular door. Either the heavy security lay on the other side, or Llewyn and Vic decided that her influence over her 'family' was potent enough to keep them away.  
As Llewyn entered through the stage door, a few of her minions pulled the shades on the windows to darken the temple. She sat on a cushion at the center of the stage, right where Emma met her end. She crossed her legs.
The crowd fell silent, and I heard a low-level hum accompanied by a vibration. I put my hand onto the floor in front of me and felt the pulse of electricity.
“Do you hear that?” I whispered to Bree.
She shushed me with a finger to her lips.
Llewyn raised her arms over head like she'd just made a goal. Everyone dropped from the benches onto their knees on the cushions in front of them in a synchronized motion. 
Then I felt it, the same energy from the plant room with Llewyn. The Sidera were present, unseen and undulating among those of us still occupying our physical bodies. They moved onto my legs and up my arms. I didn't think they would hurt me. I closed my eyes to wait for the sensation to pass. My shoulders, my neck. I couldn't move. They swallowed me completely.
When I opened my eyes, vacuous space stretched before me, infinite seas of stars, flowing like tides and streams against the darkness. I couldn't breathe. My body was gone. I had become one of them - the Sidera. We shot past the solar system, among nebulas, past planets and comets. We flew, the many fragments of just two potent souls. The heavens were our playground, but we did have a destination.
We arrived at a pair of clusters of other Sidera who waited for us. With no command necessary, we crisscrossed, sorting ourselves into ravagers and healers as if this journey were part of our programming. I fell into line with the rest of them, and then I knew.
I knew everything Maructe did, heard the language of the universe. I felt his memory of betrayal and the failure of his family when they couldn't save him from his mortal fate and the searing agony of his death in fire. His thoughts were my thoughts because I was him. All of us were.
His rage rushed through us. Maructe was no harmless entity. He would have no sympathy for the rest of the human race. I would be part of this thing that could end all life if it chose to.
The Sidera shifted to form the shape of the statue in the temple, only the size of a moon. The creature walked up from the mass, wading through us all until we found our place in the shape of its body, and when he was almost complete, Maructe threw his head back in a roar that thundered throughout the universe.
Darkness fell over me, and the next I knew, guardians were opening the window shades in the temple. I was sweating and gripped by nausea. I couldn't think. I couldn't see through the blur my vision had become.
Llewyn's voice echoed, “I am privileged to announce that Michael Tomlinson has attained enlightenment. His Ceremony of Light will occur tomorrow. Join me in celebrating his life as we prepare for his ascension.”
They cheered.
I left the temple on trembling legs. The horror I'd just witnessed and the announcement that my brother was up next for sacrifice had numbed me so thoroughly, I wasn't sure if I would ever recover. I headed for the door that opened to the side of the building, toward the garden and the boardwalk leading into the nature preserve.
“Where are you going?” Bree trotted along behind me.
“A walk.” I managed to choke out the words without vomiting.
“But it's raining.”
I didn't care. I burst through the door, into the mist of a rain, the sky forever feeding the flood. If I got lucky, it would consume everything. Once outside in the fresh air, I was able to force my lunch back down my gullet.
To my dismay, Bree followed, “What's wrong?”
“I just want to be alone for a while.” I stepped up to the boardwalk. She wouldn't relent.
“I should have warned you about meditation beforehand. I forget how intense it can be sometimes. Our visions usually don't go that direction.”
“I'm fine. Just go back inside. I'll meet up with you later.” I needed to get my bearings. My inner compass was spinning.
“I don't want to leave you out here.”
I sped up my pace, into the trees where the white cranes roosted with no regard for the weather. Several yards down the boardwalk, the river pushed against the planks, its surface breaching the floor.
“What if you fall in?” She crossed her arms over her chest. “Don't be sad about your brother. The Ceremony of Light is an honor. You should be happy for him! At least you know where he's been and that he's safe. Please come back. We can have some cocoa.” She looked pitiful in the rain, her hair and clothes sopping wet, the worry in her eyes. I cared about her, but I couldn't handle any more crazy just then.
“I won't fall in. Just give me a few minutes alone, okay? Then we'll have cocoa.”
She gave an uncertain smile.
“Hunter.” A familiar voice said from behind me.
I turned to find Celeste. Her wings arched up from her back, huge and completely covered in feathers. The sight of her reminded me of the fact that I wasn't alone. God was out there somewhere, the real God.
“Celeste.”
Bree backed up, “What's she doing here? You got rid of her.”
I didn't know what to say. I wasn't about to send the angel away again, especially after witnessing what I had during meditation. I shook my head at Bree. She hightailed it back to the compound.
“You have no idea how happy I am to see you.”
Instead of responding, Celeste embraced me.
“Where's Gideon? I need to talk to him right now.”
She withdrew to answer, “He's on the road. Back this direction.” She took my hand to lead me farther away from the compound. We ran, which was okay with me. Victimizer and his boys would be after us in a matter of minutes.
Gideon and Nigel had parked on a gravel service road close to part of the boardwalk on the other side of the river. We scrambled up a rise to meet them next to their SUV.
Gideon got right down to business, “I requested volunteers for this little suicide mission of ours. Turns out some of the enforcers like dancing with death. More of them joined up.”
“They're going to sacrifice Michael tomorrow.”
“Well then, you'd better find us a way to get in. What's up with the guards?”
“They aren't armed most of the time.”
He laughed, “Ravagers are constantly armed, if you haven't noticed. You saw guns?”
“They keep them in a locked room in a basement. Only select personnel have access.” I didn't want to give him an excuse to massacre everyone. Bree, Max, Greg, they weren't violent. The guys weren't even ravagers. They were completely harmless.
“Why am I sensing hesitation?” Gideon asked. “Are you sympathizing with these psychos?”
“They aren't psychos, not all of them.”
In all honesty, Vic probably was psycho. That guy couldn't wait to kill. I could see it in his eyes whenever he looked at me.
“If you turn on me -” Gideon started.
“Yeah, I know. You'll blow my head off. I remember.” I waved off the threat.
“I don't want to have to add you to the primary target list. You're more of a security risk than they are because you know how we operate. I'm serious.”
“Trust me, after what I saw today, I'm ready to end all this resurrection stuff. It's too real for my taste.”
“So what are we looking at as far as arms?”
“Everything from pistols to AK-47s. Some grenades. Canisters that probably hold some noxious, life-threatening chemical weapon. Not enough for the whole compound, but there are more guns than guardians, which reminds me - they're trained in martial arts. Tae kwon do from what I've heard.”
“Martial arts are the least of my worries.”
Too much time had passed since Bree ran off. The guardians would be on us any second.
I said, “You have to go before they get here or the mission is over.”
“You could come with us, you know.” Nigel offered. “How much more intelligence do you think you'll be able to gather, especially now that they know Celeste never left completely?”
“I have to find Michael.”
“That's more than he would've done for you.” Gideon spat on the wet ground before climbing back into the truck.
Celeste urged, “Please come with us.”
“I can't. I'm sorry.”
She hugged me again, got into the back seat, and they drove off into the rain and the wilds of the nature preserve. The road curved, and the red glow of the taillights was gone.
I descended the hill, sliding in mud to reach the boardwalk. Llewyn accompanied by Vic and other guardians met me halfway back to the compound. She stood, a vision in the misting rain and the breeze tossing her dark hair. The tattoos covering her body shone with moisture, even in the deeply overcast day. As always, she wore no shoes. The river water seemed to reach for her.
“This brings me great sadness.” Llewyn moved aside to let Vic go by.
He practically salivated at the prospect of causing me harm. I did consider running, but the chance to run had passed. I had enough time to wish that I had gone with the others as he pulled back his fist and landed a skull-cracking right hook that sent me into unconsciousness.

 
Chapter 13
 
I woke up on a hard cot. The left side of my face throbbed angrily, sending waves of agony throughout my head. When I pulled away from the sheet, I saw it was stained with my blood. I did a quick assessment to check for additional injuries and found a couple more bruises. I still wore my wet clothes.
My captors had crammed me into an eight-by-eight room with no furniture other than the cot. I heaved my aching body up and over to the metal door. They had locked it. I attempted to peer through the window to determine what part of the compound I might be in, but they had covered the glass so thoroughly, I couldn't see anything. 
I had a good guess as to where I was. It was 'sacred ground' where only the blessed are permitted. Funny, I didn't feel very blessed. 
Four white walls reached to a high ceiling, not quite vaulted, but still too high for me to reach, even if I stood on the cot. A vent taunted from above, not that I could've squeezed through it.
Were they holding Michael in a room like this? Enlightenment, my ass. I beat on three of the walls, calling his name and putting my ear against the paint to listen for a reply. All I heard was the ventilation system.
I checked my pockets for my phone with the hope that while Vic was enraptured by the beating he finally got to give me, he forgot to take it. No such luck. My pockets were empty. I didn't even have my wallet.
I resigned myself to waiting on the cot. Maybe I would get lucky, and an opportunity for escape would present itself. I don't know how much time went by, but I sat until I thought one more second of staring at the blank walls would shove me over the brink of sanity. I slept for a while.
The sound of a plate scooting in through the open door woke me. I recognized the slender hand as Bree's, and before I could get to my feet, she had vanished. I smacked the door in frustration.
“Bree, wait!” I shouted at the glass. “Can you get me out? Bree.”
I could have sworn I felt her warmth through the door for a few moments before she walked away. Had she known this imprisonment would be the result of alerting Vic and Llewyn to Celeste's presence?
Salisbury steak slathered in gravy. Macaroni and cheese. Green beans and a biscuit. The food on the plate told me the others were likely eating dinner. I wolfed down the food like it might be the last meal I ever saw. Then I wished I had savored it longer because once it was gone, all I had was the empty plate and the white walls.
White walls and ceiling and the eternal sound of rain. I wanted the river to swallow the compound, pour through the halls and soak every book in the library, including that twisted bible of theirs. What the hell was the point of chronicling their insanity if they were all going to fall under Llewyn’s knife in the end anyway? Might as well take out the whole compound. The river would be a hero. I laughed at the idea of Vic's corpse floating in the lobby completely filled with water. The return of the stabbing headache was my punishment for this morbid amusement.
Shadow flared at the edges of my periphery to wound the white with bruise-colored flickers. I was almost certain I had a concussion. I didn’t mind that idea too much. Perhaps a head injury would lessen the stress of my probable impending doom.
I hoped Vic hadn’t handled Michael with the same level of aggression. I was used to being treated like shit, but my brother had lived a lighter version of life. I probably should’ve cared more about what he put me through when we were kids. Maybe I should’ve been thrilled about the prospect of someone beating the crap out of him, but I wasn’t.
I was about to fall back to sleep again when the door burst open. Vic stormed over, picked me up by the front of my shirt and slammed me against the wall.
“I never liked you.”
“I thought we got along great, like best friends almost.”
He swung me around sideways and I hit the wall again, this time with my left shoulder. My spine cracked discontentedly.
“I liked you even less when you started talking to my sister.” He practically growled.
I knocked his hands away and backed up. A couple of his boys entered the room. They were almost as big as he was, friggin' meat-heads. This was it. I decided right then that I would go down swinging, no matter how much pain they caused me. I would do as much damage as I could.
Vic grinned malevolently, “You're about to get what you deserve.”
The three of them rushed me at once, grabbing my arms. I swung and received an uppercut that snapped my head back. Then Vic had my arms behind me, and I was against the white paint once more. If I made it out alive, I swore any place I lived would not have white walls. 
He secured my hands behind my back with a zip tie, Center-style. My oppressors had many similarities. Vic and Gideon would've gotten along swimmingly.
The guardians hauled me through the door, taking turns throwing me into walls and tripping me. They laughed like a mob of high school bullies. I hit the floor, and a combat boot connected with my rib cage, sending the air from my lungs. I stayed down, curled into a ball, which caused them to tire of their game.
They picked me up - a leg in the hands of each underling guardian, Vic carrying my upper body by the zip tie around my wrists like the damn thing was a handle. They hauled me like luggage (kicking, shouting luggage) from the well-lit areas into a dark part of the compound. With the exception of my struggling, all was still. I realized where we were heading.
Candles flickered in the otherwise dark temple. The seats were empty. No one was there except Llewyn and two more guardians.
Since arriving at the compound, I had seen Llewyn in the same kind of outfit every day. Always the white dress and no shoes. That night in the temple, she wore a black cloak with the hood pulled up. Warm light from the flames around her cast a golden glint into her eyes. She told me once that she had pieces of both Maructe's soul and Ekash's soul in her. Maructe was the only presence I saw in her, then. She had become destruction.
They dropped me at her feet, on the steps leading up to the stage. Vic cut the tie on my wrists, slashing my skin with a razor sharp blade on his pocket knife. The six of them surrounded me. 
Llewyn brought out the ceremonial dagger. The sleeves on the cloak fell back to reveal the tattoos on her arms. The lettering twitched like it was alive.
“I never wanted this for you, Hunter.” Tears wet her face, “I am a gatherer of souls, even reluctant ones, and regretfully, we don't always have the luxury of waiting for them to attain enlightenment. Your refusal to be loyal to your own people and your lack of faith have brought us to this.”
“The only thing that brought you to this was your need for power. You're a murderer.”
Her face contorted with rage, “Hold him.”
A guardian behind me grabbed the back of my hair to yank my head back, while two more spread my arms. Vic looked down on me, that malicious joy playing on his lips in a toothy grin. My death was going to brighten his whole week.
Llewyn raised the knife over her head, “May Maructe welcome you.”
The temple door burst apart in a cloud of smoke that rolled into the room. A concussive wave of air from the blast snuffed out the candles. I wasted no time. While Vic shouted orders at his men, I used the distraction to push my way out of their circle and run into the fog.
“Grab him.” Llewyn screeched.
I navigated my way toward the door in a blind of gray on darkness. My shoe caught the edges of benches in the center aisle, but I kept going. I wouldn't stop running until the knife and that woman's insanity were far behind.
I came to the barrel of a pistol. A face emerged behind it - Celeste.
“Hunter!” She grinned, then looked past me and fired a shot.
The bullet tore through the cloud, striking nothing but repelling whoever was behind me just the same.
She took me by the hand, “Come on.”
A figure near the exit in front of us cried out in pain.
“Who's with you?”
“Gideon's men.” She turned, aimed into the fog and fired several shots in random directions around the temple. The sounds of suffering ceased. “Come on.”
Two enforcers in SWAT gear waited by the door. The ravagers in the room had weakened them, but not so much that they couldn't keep going. They sent more bullets into the temple to keep the guardians running.
Celeste and I dashed through the empty lobby, through the front door with the enforcers covering us. A Center truck waited on the driveway. We threw open doors to pile inside. Nigel was our wheel man.
A pair of guardians chased us outside as we started to pull away. The enforcer in the passenger seat and the one in the back with Celeste and me groaned as ravagers attacked from a distance. Nigel made no sound, but the truck veered sharply toward the trees lining the road. He slumped sideways onto the console. Moving with supernatural efficiency, Celeste unbuckled his seatbelt, hauled him into the back seat with one hand, corrected the steering wheel with the other hand, and leapt into the driver's seat to take over, practically ripping off her newly restored wings in the process. Feathers were everywhere.
Nigel had landed awkwardly, head down. I picked him up as we hit the highway. He was conscious, barely. His face had paled to a phantom gray. I slapped him a couple of times. He retched like he was going to vomit.
“Pull over!” I commanded Celeste.
“They'll die if the others catch up.”
I looked out the back window, “No one followed.”
“No.” Nigel shook off the nausea, “I'm fine. Just keep going.”
The enforcer seated in the back nodded in agreement, then rested his head on the window and closed his eyes. The guy in the front seat waved to signal he was okay.
“Thank you. All of you. I was about five seconds away from joining Maructe in the cosmos.” I watched out the back window to make sure no headlights appeared.
“What the hell does that mean?” The enforcer in the front asked.
“It means she was going to kill him.” Celeste replied. “I had a vision after we left you on the boardwalk earlier. They locked you in a room and then killed you in the temple, in the dark.”
“Divine intervention?” I asked.
She nodded.
“About time somebody up there threw us a bone. How did you get Gideon to let you use the men and the truck?”
Nigel answered, “I convinced him you were an asset. You're the only ravager on our side.” He cleaned his glasses on his shirt, then cast a wary glance out the back window. “That was extremely unpleasant. I hope you were worth the trouble.”
We took a longer way back to the law office of Lemon and Wallitz just to make sure that no one would creep up on us. When we determined it was safe, we parked in the alley behind the house. The lighting inside was warm and inviting, despite the house having been repurposed as a base of operations for our battle with the cult. I hoped there was a bed inside.
Gideon was eating soup in the kitchen/file room when we walked in the back door. The enforcers went on through to make themselves comfortable.
“How'd the date go, kids? Did we have a fun time?” He asked.
“Thanks for the rescue. Is there somewhere I can sleep?”
“Pick a couch. We have several. What's up with your face?”
Celeste came around to look at me. She put her hand on my face and pushed her thumb onto the angriest bruise of all, the swollen one on my temple.
“Ow. What the hell are you doing?” I pulled back.
“I want to help. What should I do?”
“You're awfully maternal for someone who's being punished for not liking humans. I'll get some ice. Just relax.”
“Come up to the second floor when you're settled.” Gideon toted his soup with him.
I heard her voice as I climbed the stairs, and every muscle in my body tensed. Llewyn sobbed hysterically, mixing in moans and occasional fragments of the other language. A vision passed through my mind - her on her knees before the statues of Maructe and Ekash, begging for forgiveness for her failure. The sound was coming from the computer speakers.
Teag turned as we walked into the loft, “This is one messed up chick, for real. What is that language - Klingon or something?”
“It's the language of the Sidera. Can we turn that down? I think I've heard enough of her for today.”
“Sure thing. We're recording, anyway.”
I asked Gideon, “Your guys planted a bug?”
“Or three.”
“Nice move.”
“I know. Celeste and the guys managed to kill a guardian and wound another. The guardians got the plate number of the truck, but it won't do them any good. Our tags are registered through some obscure government agency.” He paused and then added, “They're stepping up the sacrifices. Llewyn knows she's running out of time. They're doing several tomorrow, including your brother.”
“He was already scheduled to die. I'm sure he'll be first up.”
“We need to move before this thing gets any more out of control. Once she has fewer followers to worry about, she'll be in the wind until she shows up at the Center to get to the rest of the anomalies she needs. We have to stop this here, while she's still anchored in some kind of way.”
“I agree.”
“Are we going to have any trouble?” Gideon asked me.
Everyone in the room stared at me. He was asking about my loyalty. 
“No trouble. I just...I would like to minimize casualties, if possible.”
Nigel said, “That's not our first priority.”
“I know, but the majority of them are harmless.”
“We won't know who's a ravager and who isn't just by looking at them. These people aren't your friends.”
“Ok.” My goals were going to differ from theirs. Our debate on the worth of anomaly lives wouldn't be resolved. I needed his help, so I wouldn't argue. I was too tired, anyway. “Is there anything else to eat in the kitchen?”
Gideon nodded, “Eat and then get some sleep on a couch downstairs. We'll form a plan when Owen gets here.”
“Owen?”
“Badass commander from the Center. Ex-cop. He's taken an interest. Be thankful.”
In the kitchen, I rinsed my face in the sink. Blood swirled down the drain. I stuck my arm under it to clean the cut Vic's knife left. My muscles ached like I'd pulled every last one of them. I was starting to miss my days of isolation in the apartment. That life sucked, true enough, but at least my face was intact.
Celeste appeared in my peripheral, “Are you alright?”
“I'll live.”
“That's not what I meant.”
I shut off the water and turned to the refrigerator, “I don't want Bree to die. Or Michael or Max or Greg.”
“Who are Max and Greg?”
“No one. If Gideon goes in the way he wants, the innocent won't live. They aren't fighters. Most of them aren't.”
“He'll take them captive, I'm sure.”
I pulled out a jug of V8 to gulp it straight from the bottle. The cabinet held some instant noodles. I ripped open the package with my teeth to dump them into a bowl.
“They don't deserve imprisonment, either.”
“What would you suggest for them? Especially the ravagers? They're dangerous, even more so as a group.”
“I don't know.”
She stepped closer to say into my ear, “Gideon isn't going to release you. In his eyes, ally or not, you're too unpredictable to roam free.”
“What about you? How are you supposed to deal with me after all this is over?”
“I have no order beyond rescuing your brother. I'm supposed to find my own path.”
“So you have a decision to make. Will you trust me to go on my merry way without causing any trouble?”
“I would trust you with my life.” was all she said.
She left through the back door, descended the steps to the yard. I watched through the window as she unfolded her wings and leapt into the air. She was an amazing creature. I hoped when we came to the end of our time together, she wouldn’t feel I was a threat to humanity. I didn’t want to think she might turn on me.
I found a leather couch in what probably used to be a formal sitting room when the house was a residence. Lemon and Wallitz had converted the space into a waiting room with a couple of sofas, some chairs and magazines. The curtains in the front window were open to a view of our patch of the neighborhood.
Families in the houses along the street, they had no idea what was happening so close to them. Should Llewyn succeed, their lives would be in jeopardy. I had spent my life fearing the effect my affliction would have on others. She would unleash the embodiment of that threat on the general populace. We had to stop her, no matter what happened to me or anyone else. 

 
Chapter 14
 
Everyone in the Law Office of Lemon and Wallitz was up early the next morning, including Celeste who arrived back from her night flight just before dawn. She'd snuck in through the back door and slept on the sofa across from mine for an hour or so until Nigel came down. Teag had stayed overnight, too. He would man the computer in the loft during the raid.
The raid. My raid. A raid on my people who really were my people in one very important way. Would I have to kill any of them? Probably. Did I want to? A few of them did deserve to have very bad things happen to them, particularly Vic. 
What would Bree think of me for participating in the raid that killed her brother? And he would die if we won because loyalty and his pride wouldn't allow retreat. He wouldn't let himself be taken captive, either.
I pondered this as I lay on the couch. 
Nigel presented a box of organic granola cereal to me, “Eat some of this quickly. You'll need the nutrition for energy.”
Such an odd way to roust me. 
“That was downright motherly, Nige. Thanks.” I sat up and stuck my hand in the box and wondered if he performed similar functions for Gideon. Maybe he really was the butler.
When the supervisor himself walked in, I moved my breakfast to the back porch. I couldn't deal with him too early in the morning, especially after he'd spent the night sleeping on a lawyer's office couch. To call him grouchy would've been a gross understatement. We had three enforcers with us in the house, and he managed to snap at all three between the second floor and Doris' desk in the front room.
The back yard was more peaceful, the only real noise coming from a guy mowing his lawn a couple of houses down on my left. I would've given anything to trade places with him. He probably had no idea how lucky he was. 
Birds were audible. I breathed in the fresh air, fully aware that this could be my last day of life. The odds were so completely against us. 
At least we wouldn't be alone. Badass Commander Owen was bringing reinforcements, his soldiers for the Center who had volunteered to take on what might end up being a suicide mission. Crazy bastards. One thing was for sure - if I were a Center employee (a normal employee), and they offered that job to me, I would've laughed my ass off on the way out of the room. No way in hell would I saunter into a cult compound full of ravagers.
They arrived in a black Center van just before eight thirty. Gideon insisted that we all go out into the back yard to meet them. He gave me an enforcer uniform to wear - black shirt, cargo pants complete with holster and ammo belt, and combat boots. They fit pretty well, interestingly enough, almost like my conversion to soldier was part of his plan all along. Teag looked scared when he saw me.
“Whoa, I never thought I'd see you dressed like that. It's like your evil twin from an alternate dimension. How does it feel?”
“Like I'm a traitor to myself.”
“Quiet down, and have some respect.” Gideon practically spat at us.
I noticed then the contrast between what I wore and what Gideon wore, actually the contrast between what he wore and what all the enforcers wore. The man loved his white suit. Interesting that it was the polar opposite of his underlings' attire.  
The passenger door of the van swung open. Out stepped the largest man I had ever seen in my entire life. He was a giant, a mountain of bulk, with dark skin and cop sunglasses, his rigidly clean-shaven face set with determination. 
He went around to the back of the van to let out his men. They hopped down into the morning light, each of them dressed exactly like their commander. Without any direction from him, they formed a line across from our line.
Gideon stepped forward to introduce him to us, “Team, this is Commander Owen Greyson. You'll take orders from him like you would take orders from me. He is your superior. Comprende?”
Owen is not really what I would call a badass name. The only other Owen I had known was a regional elementary school chess club champion. He was also freakishly good in spelling bees. This was not that Owen.
We nodded in acquiescence, which was apparently not the reaction Commander Owen was looking for.
“Can I get a 'yes, sir'?” He barked at us.
The other enforcers obliged him. Celeste gave me a look that asked what is up with this guy? I shrugged.
Owen zeroed in on Celeste. He leaned past her shoulder to get a look at the wings and then pulled back to stand with Gideon again.
He asked, “Is this the anomaly?”
Gideon snorted, “She's an anomaly, but we don't have a category for her yet. This is the one you're looking for.” He pointed to me, “He infiltrated the cult for us.” He said it like I had done all I did for them.
“What's your name?”
“Hunter.” I saw his eyes through the sunglasses, looking me up and down like he was assessing whether I might be useful.
“You're the traitor.”
Uh oh. Well, to them I was. I abandoned my post and took off with Celeste, who they already considered a threat due to the violet EMF she emitted, which was really a weird way to choose enemies when I gave the idea some thought.
“The cult kidnapped my brother. His life was in danger. I had to investigate.”
There was a long pause, during which he stared me down. Everyone around us seemed to hold their breath, even Celeste. 
Then, his assessment complete, he nodded slowly, “We're not going to have a problem.”
“No problem.”
He turned to Gideon to ask, “Who's briefing me?”
He replied, “I am.” The two men went into the house together, and the rest of the band, including Teag, followed. The loft was about to get crowded.
I sat that meeting out. I had already told Gideon all I knew, so there was no more for me to add to the conversation.
“Interesting man.” Celeste said, not without a touch of admiration.
“I wouldn't want him after me. He makes Gids look like a pansy.”
She laughed, “Don't let Gideon hear you say that.”
Before we left, Owen addressed everyone from the stairs, “I am offering a $5000 tax free bonus to whoever kills this woman,” He held out a surveillance photo of Llewyn in the garden. “I don't care how you do it. I don't care who you catch in the crossfire. She is our primary target. Secondary is this guy.” Up went a picture of Vic, also in the garden, “He is the leader of their security force. These two people constitute the head of the snake. How do we kill a snake? We lop off the head.”
He didn't care who got caught in the crossfire. He'd added that just for me, a message that said no one who got in the way would receive mercy. I was heading into battle with people who didn't share my opinion on the value of the lives in the compound.
Gideon stopped me after everyone else had begun to load up. He put a pistol in my hand, “You're on the right side.” It was a surprisingly human thing of him to say.
“I know.”
“I want you to come in when all this is over, assuming we live.”
“Come in?”
“To the Center, for some brainwashing detox. I think it would be beneficial. We can get your meds adjusted.”
These lines were utter bullshit. He planned to lock me in a tiny closet until I shriveled up and died and decomposed.
“Why don't we wait and see if we survive first, then we'll decide where we're going.” I offered this diplomatic response as I verified the gun was loaded. 
My answer satisfied him well enough.
Our caravan of three vehicles left the law office behind. Celeste and I took the truck we'd borrowed when we escaped Sarah's farmhouse. I tried to ride alone with her, but the van and the second SUV didn't have enough seats for all twelve of the non-command level enforcers. 
In all, there were seventeen of us going up against Llewyn and her guardians. If we played the game intelligently, it could be enough.
We met up at a rendezvous point at the entrance to the access road through the nature preserve. Another van was already waiting there. I figured it was for prisoners if we managed to take any.
Owen studied a printout of our makeshift blueprint, discussing the best strategy with Gideon and Nigel while the rest of us waited. After a few minutes, they called me over. Celeste came with me.
Owen said, “Gideon tells me you previously used a smokescreen.”
“Celeste did.”
She added, “We caught them by surprise. I went in first because I'm immune to the ravaging.”
“Good work. So that's one weak point we know of. Give me another detail that will help me get to them without getting all of my men killed.”
“They don't seem able to use their abilities while they're on the run. We were able to get out because we were shooting at them.”
He nodded, “Distraction and vision impairment. Gideon tells me a bell signals them to assemble in the temple.”
“Yeah, they should ring it for the sacrifices today. The head of the guardians, Vic, sticks close to Llewyn. She'll take the stage after the witnesses and the sacrifices if she proceeds the way she did while I was there. She might change up the routine if she thinks they're in danger, though. She pulled me in during the middle of the night. She planned to kill me while everyone else slept.”
A thought occurred to me - that she might have murdered my brother after I made my grand escape. If I were her, operating at that level of insanity, I probably would have. Vic could've easily dragged Michael into their broken temple to take out their frustration with me on him. Llewyn had announced the scheduling of his ceremony already, however. I hoped keeping up appearances to her followers still mattered to her.
I added, “The statues in the temple are central to their belief system. I recommend we destroy them.”
Owen chuckled, “We're working on real threats, not imaginary ones. Inanimate objects are not a priority.”
He wasn't going to believe my reason for wanting their destruction. I might as well have suggested we descend on Llewyn's bunch on the backs of flying pigs. I decided to make my point using psychological reasons.
“You wanted to lop the head off the snake. The statues are part of the head. They believe the souls of their deceased are stored inside the statues. If you need a distraction, blowing them up should do the trick.”
“Alright.” He conceded.
We then got back into the vehicles to drive closer to the compound, stopping short of the part of the access road that bumped up against the boardwalk. We would have to lug our weapons, ammo and other assorted gear the rest of the way in.
We couldn't take the boardwalk itself because the chance of us being seen was too great. One of the enforcers, an expert tracker, enabled us to navigate the nature preserve with little difficulty, which didn't stop me from being miserable. The rain had eased up a couple of hours prior, and the mosquitoes were out in full force once the sun heated the swollen river and swampy sections of forest around us. We pushed through tall weeds with guns drawn in case we saw anyone. By the time we arrived at the compound, I was already overheated and exhausted, a perfect way to head into battle.
Owen posted two men near the boardwalk entrance, in the foliage - a guy with binoculars glued to his face and the other guy with a rifle scope glued to his. We would keep in contact through earpieces. Owen placed two more death-dealing duos on the road leading out from the compound. He sent two more teams to the far side of the compound, where the dorms were.
The remaining seven of us headed to a wooded rise overlooking the temple, the perfect spot if Llewyn decided to take care of her business in there. If she switched locations, we would have serious mission problems.
I lay on my stomach, watching through binoculars for a while. The windows were narrow, but we could see the interior when we positioned ourselves right. Celeste sat on the ground nearby. Owen sat on the other side of me, either to keep an eye on me or to ask questions whenever they popped into his head, maybe both. The room remained empty for the first hour.
“Those lions are the statues you were talking about.”
“Yes.”
“Your brother is inside?”
“He was when I left. I don't know if he's still alive.”
“He a ravager too?”
“Healer.”
We fell silent as Owen's men came over the radio to inform us that some of the guardians had emerged to patrol the building exterior. Everyone in our party hunkered down. A trio of guardians came around to our side of the building, toting guns from the weapons room. We ducked behind the ridge when they looked our way.
After a minute passed, Owen ventured a peek. They had moved on without seeing us. He warned the teams at the far end of the building to lie low.
“The guardians usually aren't armed. She knows we're coming.” I said.
I placed my attention back on the window. Llewyn and Vic entered the stage through the door leading to the forbidden section of the compound. 
Teag said over the earpiece, “Primary targets are in the temple. Do you want me to patch the signal through?”
“Affirmative.” Owen replied.
Llewyn's voice, “Those who are enlightened will form a line this direction.” 
My blood pressure climbed at the sound of her voice in my ear, probably because of that whole near death incident the night before. 
She motioned toward the side of the room opposite of us, “I'll offer a group prayer. Each will receive an individual blessing as I assist their ascension. I need them removed right away.” She planned to line them up - slaughterhouse style.
“The guardians are watching over us. I have them stationed. Do you mind if I use some of the other followers to carry out the bodies?” Vic requested.
There was a pause as she considered, and then she replied, “I will give you a list of the enlightened. As long as your choices aren't on it, you may use whomever you need. Perhaps William can assist you with putting together some additional stretchers. We only have three at this time.”
Jesus, how many did she plan to kill?
Vic bowed and left her alone in the room.
She went to Ekash to place her hand on his carved head, “Be with us this day, my Divine Ones.” She reached out to touch Maructe.
“Lunatic.” Owen mumbled under his breath.
Too bad that lunatic's religion had some truth to it. We were in more danger than he would ever know.
Close to noon, after the time they would have eaten lunch, the temple bell rang. The sound of it cleaved the humid air over the nature preserve. It was a call to death, and most of the victims would go willingly.
Unfortunately, the two guardians who had passed earlier had taken up posts in front of the temple wall.
“Smart.” Owen commented. “We’ll have to be quick about getting those two after the initial shot.”
Vic was smart, which made him even more dangerous. He probably had guards at every entrance.
People filed into the temple excitedly. I could feel their energy from the top of the rise. Michael went in first, fear apparent in his wide eyes and the sweat glistening on his brow. Through the binoculars, I counted those who were dressed for sacrifice - twenty in all.
I'm coming. I thought to him. Regardless of how giant an asshole he was when we were kids, I wouldn't let these nutcases murder my brother.
Owen waved over an enforcer with a sniper rifle. 
“Doug here will remain up on the ridge.” He told us, “When Llewyn takes the stage, his shot at her will be the signal to move in. You and Celeste are up first. We'll move back around to the front compound entrance. The guys by the road will clear the way to the door. Take this.”
He handed me a grenade, and I almost dropped it. Grenades in warfare video games had nothing on real ones. The object in my hand practically vibrated with deadly potential. He gave me quick instructions in the art of blowing stuff up.
“That's for your statues. You throw it between them, the explosion should obliterate both. Also, you might want to cover your ears unless you like the idea of prolonged ringing.”
I stuffed the grenade into a pocket of my cargo pants. Gideon tapped me on the shoulder and handed me a silencer for my pistol and a gas mask. Being one of his men wasn't exactly the best feeling in the world, but it did have its advantages.
He gave Celeste canisters of tear gas, “One for the lobby, another for the temple, and a third for good measure.”
Clearing the way to the front door meant bullets in the head for the two guards there. They went down in an instant without even knowing what hit them. I said a quick prayer for the protection of my brother and Bree and anyone else inside who didn't deserve to die.
Owen signaled us to go, which meant Doug had taken his shot. Somehow, in my gut, I knew that Llewyn wasn't dead. Her end wouldn’t come so easily. I had known that up on the ridge before we began.
I pulled on a gas mask and Celeste and I kept low as we moved from the trees, across the driveway. The other enforcers would come in right behind us. Through the front door, another few guardians were in the lobby. They shot on sight, their bullets whizzing by us. I hit two of them, but the third ran. Celeste tossed out the tear gas. Smoke hissed from the canister into the air and along the floor.
Shouting came from the temple. They hadn't replaced the door after it was destroyed during my liberation the previous night. Armed guardians emerged, guns drawn. I sent out another round of bullets to repel them. Celeste hurled a second can of tear gas over their heads into the temple, and pulled a pair of guns from holsters strapped to her torso.
People inside the temple screamed. They ran every direction, away from us, toward us if they had a death wish. A wave of them made for the doorway. The line of sacrifices cowered against the wall. I found Michael among them and hauled him to his feet. He didn't recognize me with the gas mask on and tried to wrench away from my grasp.
A hand clamped on my arm from behind. I swung backward with the pistol in my hand to strike the guardian next to me. He put his arm around my neck in a headlock, sending the gun from my hand to the floor at Michael's feet. My attacker snatched the mask off my face and threw it aside, and the gas hit me. 
Pain ignited in my eyes, nose, ears and throat. Between the clouded air and the guardian closing off my trachea, I couldn't breathe. The room started to go dark.
Michael's voice reached me, “Hunter?”
I squirmed out of the man's grasp to land on my knees. I fumbled for the gun, but Michael found it first. Choking in the gas, he leveled it at the guardian. The bullet ripped through the silencer, hit the guy in the chest, and he collapsed backward.
Gunshots erupted from everywhere and nowhere. I could see nothing through the fog. I wrapped my hand around the grenade in my pocket.
Michael tried to hand me my gun. I refused to take it back, “Hide somewhere. Stay out of sight or they'll kill you.”
“Who?” He shouted to be heard over the din. “Who are these people?”
Could he have possibly made this far in life without finding out about the Center? We should all be so lucky.
“Just stay down. I'll come back for you.”
“Priorities, Hunter.” Gideon's voice reminded me over my earpiece.
“I'm getting there, damn it.” I pushed through the fog.
A voice I recognized as Vic's rose above the rest, “Ravagers!”
The cries of men, our men, lifted a chorus of agony as the sickness descended. Bodies hit the floor amid running footsteps. They were all about to die if I didn't deliver a fresh distraction. I hurdled one of the fallen, ran up the steps, the grenade still in my hand. I expected to see Vic but didn't. I guessed he had already spirited Llewyn from the room, ever her personal bodyguard, the rest of the tribe be damned.
A big guy in a red t-shirt slammed into me from the side. He drew back his great ham of a fist and I flinched under the memory of Vic's concussive blow the day before. 
A pale, feminine hand grabbed him by his hair to fling him down the stairs and away from me. Celeste kicked him on his way down to propel him farther. Silver blood ran down her shirt from somewhere in the vicinity of her collarbone, but she didn't move as though injured. She urged me on with a wave, then plunged back into the fray.
I snatched up the grenade once more, dodged stray bullets and made for the statues. There they were, stoic alien beings among the chaos. They would never live again if I had my way. I pulled the pin from the grenade, tossed it underhand between them, and dove down the stairs, barreling clumsily over red shirt guy.
I had enough time to put my hands over my ears and think to myself that I should have yelled some warning. Fire in the hole or whatever they say. And then it was too late.
I felt the explosion more than heard it. All the chaos in the room, the running, the shooting, that singular action ended it. A gust of wind carrying jagged pieces of stone crashed through the temple. Windows shattered outward. People fell around me, some of theirs, fewer of ours as they were hit by whatever shrapnel the blast sent their way.
A middle-aged woman with a sharp piece of something dark sticking out of her neck collapsed in front of me. Blood poured from the wound and dribbled from between her lips. She convulsed briefly before going still. Her life force, that piece of Maructe or Ekash, floated up from her body. It rose over my head into the air.
I saw them, then, the Sidera. The tear gas had all but cleared from the room, leaving us a view of ceiling where souls gathered like a galaxy all their own. They glowed brightly against the white ceiling - golden points of light.
Owen offered me a hand to help me rise, “What the hell is that?”
He had removed his mask to stare up at the ceiling, as had the rest of his men. Others in the room stared in awe as the mass shifted toward the window and outside into the day.
“Souls of the sacrifices.” I answered.
“They're free.” Celeste put her hand on my shoulder.
“But incomplete.”
If we were pieces of Maructe and Ekash, did that make us less than everyone else?
“Only in the eyes of someone who believes you hold no worth as individuals.”
The temple looked like war zones I'd seen in movies. The cult members who weren’t too injured to run had fled the room, leaving their dead and wounded scattered on the floor. Enforcers checked each body. They reported whether it still breathed. I didn't see Bree or Max or Greg. The scribe from the library, Frank, was dead, so were some other people I'd seen around, the girl who had played guitar in the lobby the first day I arrived, a server from the cafeteria.
If any of the remaining survivors were ravagers, they were too traumatized by the destruction of their idols to worry about us. A man with a white beard fell to his knees to wail. Others followed suit, sitting on the floor and crying or resigning themselves to staring off into space as if their loss had wrecked their will to do anything else. It was a pitiable scene, but surprisingly, it stirred little emotion in me. 
As for our team, we had lost a few men. Gideon and his crew collected their weapons to keep them out of the hands of Llewyn's remaining followers. They would get the bodies later. 
I went to Michael who was sitting near the interior wall. He suffered some bruises and cuts. They had put a ceremonial robe over his clothes, which he was all too happy to remove. He threw it to the floor and then kicked it away from him.
He handed my gun back to me, “Did you get her?” 
“I don't think so. Not yet.”
Owen performed a quick assessment of the situation, then began spouting orders, “Simon, take Dixon, Fritz and Gerard. Round up the low-level threats. Two of you switch over to darts. We're taking the nonviolent anomalies to the Center.”
The men hustled out of the temple to carry out his order.
Gideon walked in, stepping over a corpse on the way. Nigel trailed in behind him with a gun in his hand.
“Awfully brave of you to come in once the action is finished.” I said.
“Funny, that doesn't sound like gratitude. Where is she? I want to see her.” He was talking about Llewyn.
As if on cue, a voice came over our radio, “Primary targets exited the building through the back door. They escaped on a boat.”
“Shoot them, damn it. Do you need me to spell out every single step of this operation for you?” Gideon shouted.
“We tried. She had five men with her. At least one of them was a ravager. Hastings didn't make it.”
Owen's shoulders slumped. He wiped the sweat from his face and asked, “Are the primary targets visible?”
After a pause, the voice on the other end of the radio replied, “No, sir.”
Gideon kicked a chunk of statue into a mourning cult member, who fell over on her side and cried louder. He roared in frustration like a kid having a tantrum, then stormed out of the room with Nigel in tow.
“We have to go after her.” I said, “If she gets away, she's just going to set up shop somewhere else.”
“Regroup at the dock behind the building. Keep an eye out for strays.” Owen reloaded his shotgun as he left the room.
Out in the lobby, several unconscious people on the floor were bound with zip ties. I knew that feeling all too well. The once happy place had twisted into a surreal scene of defeat. 
Whenever we encountered 'strays', as Owen called them, the enforcers were ruthless, pistol-whipping or kicking when their quarry resisted, darting people like they were errant zoo animals. Victory was bitter.
I searched for Bree. She would hate me when she saw me working against everything she believed in, but I still wanted her to be alright. I didn't see her in the library or the hall near the cafeteria. The garden of elevated flowerbeds was quiet as we snaked back and forth toward the dock. 
The arbor under which I had eaten dinner with Llewyn now leaned, its support posts knocked askew by the river. I remembered the boat, the way the swollen river had beaten against the hull.
“A fucking boat!” Gideon bellowed into the sky. The sight of the dock empty, with no boat for us, gave his blood a fresh infusion of pressure. “There was no boat on my satellite pictures. Tech mule, why was there no boat on my satellite pictures?” He asked into the earpiece. 
“It wasn't there.” 
He wheeled around to address me, “The presence of a boat is important information because a boat is a means of transportation. You did not indicate the presence of this means of transportation. Why is that?”
“Hunter!” A female voice screeching my name from across the yard interrupted my defense.
Bree ran at me as fast as she could, an enforcer on her tail. Her shirt was dirty and ripped, but as far as I could tell, she wasn't injured. She wore an expression of terror.
The enforcer behind her stopped running, took aim with a rifle. I put my hand out to signal for him not to shoot. Too late. Bree tumbled on the grass, the momentum from her run carrying her an additional couple of feet. I ran over to kneel beside her. She was out cold but breathing.
“Ten minutes on a boat for us.” Owen stood over me.
Celeste said, “I'm going to fly over the river. Maybe I will find them.” She holstered her pistol, then launched into the sky.
“Hell of a woman, that one.” Owen commented. “I don't know what she is, exactly, but I'm digging it. I'm getting her assigned to my team after we finish here.”
“She's an angel.” I muttered.
The enforcer who shot Bree approached, flipped her onto her stomach and zip tied her hands behind her back. He then proceeded to hoist her onto his shoulder and walk toward the door.
I watched this scene in a state of shock. The reality that he carried her toward imprisonment she would never escape numbed me. Such was the situation for all the cult members who didn't resist hard enough for the Center thugs to kill them. They would take me, too, if I let them. Most of us didn't deserve that fate.
“I'm feeling doubt from you.” Gideon told me while I sat near the edge of the river. “Never pity the enemy. That's how wars are lost.”
“They shouldn't all be treated like criminals.” I immediately regretted offering that point of view. He wouldn't appreciate it.
“I need you to stay focused if you're going to continue on this mission. I can dart you as easily as I did them.”
“I know.”
I decided then that I wasn't going to the Center. Neither would the prisoners they were taking. I would fight for Gideon and Owen until Llewyn and Vic were dead, and then...
That moment, I started working scenarios in my head. They all began with a goal of freeing the prisoners from the transport van. I had no idea if they would side with me, but I would try.

Chapter 15
 
Celeste returned from her flyover the same time our boat arrived. She reported that she hadn't seen Llewyn and her guardians. The canopy was too thick for her to search every inch of the river, but there were no forks. They could have only gone so far because fallen trees had created a dam a couple of miles down. Finding the spot they disembarked was just a matter of looking for their boat, assuming they hadn't elected to carry it with them.
“What's wrong?” She asked as we watched them haul our boat down the part of a nearby ramp that wasn't submerged.
“Nothing.”
“Are you upset because of Bree?”
“That and other aspects of our cooperation with the Center.”
Owen and the others were too far away and too occupied with the boat to hear us. Like the Center fleet of trucks, the boat was a shiny, midnight black. No credentials or markings of any kind interrupted the paint job on what looked like a glorified fishing boat. It wasn't huge, but it looked big for the river.
I changed the subject, “Love the wings. They look very handy.”
She beamed, “I missed them. Not having them was devastating, not to mention painful.” She winced at the memory.
“What's flying like?”
Celeste took a deep breath, “Free. The earth feels like a shackle. Walking, even driving, are so slow, obstacles everywhere. Nothing slows me down in the sky. I can move as fast as I want, go as far as I want.”
“Where did you go last night?”
“Over fields and meadows, into the clouds. The world is much bigger than what you see on the ground.”
“When will you go back? If the wings are in, that means your job is done, right?”
“The remedy of my affliction wasn't my sole purpose in being here; I know that, now. I won't leave until you no longer need me.”
“At this rate, I might need you for a good long while. I'm not sure how this issue with the Center management and me is going to play out. They aren't going to let me walk away.”
She looked at the ground, “Very true.”
Owen signaled for everyone to come over, “The boat seats eight. I'm going. Hunter, you're on. Celeste. I have five more spots. Gideon?”
“No way am I letting that crazy chick get away. Nigel.” 
His partner was already behind him, waiting to board. Owen chose three of the stronger looking enforcers on the boat ramp.
“The rest of you finish rounding up the anomalies. You know what to do if they resist.”
I felt an ache in my gut as we pulled away from the shore. I was leaving my people to the dogs - my brother, Bree, the others. 
Owen glared at the GPS on the console, “I can't tell where the edge of the river is because of the damn flood. I'm going to have to rely on the system to keep us on course.
Fantastic. What were the chances I'd end up having to swim? Wading through the field hadn't been a big deal because I was too out of my head to be as afraid as I should've been. I was perfectly conscious on the boat, on a river growing ever wider and angrier, and this setting was too similar to the day my brother almost drowned me.
Owen piloted the boat expertly around trees that looked as though they'd grown out of their own reflections. A couple of meters too far to our left or our right, and we could run aground. He grumbled about that fact from time to time and cursed whenever the riverbed scraped the hull.
Gideon was equally annoyed with his men. He was irritated to be on the boat, in nature, his target eluding him. He kept smacking his neck to crush mosquitoes, which made my skin crawl.
“Aren't you supposed to fly away home now that your wings have grown back?” He asked Celeste out of nowhere, his voice dripping with venom.
Everyone in the boat turned to look at her.
“I mean you're supposedly an angel, right?” He added.
“My condition upon arrival was the result of a punishment for not seeing the value in human life. I have since discovered that at least some of you are okay.” She smiled at me, then turned back to him, “Not all, unfortunately.”
“Are you implying that I'm one of the bad guys? That's preposterous.”
I butted into the conversation, “Aw, come on. Even Gids has his bright spots.”
“Not many.” She said.
Owen and some of the other guys laughed, which made Gideon's face darken to a vivid shade of red. Even Nigel chuckled.
“What about you? I thought angels were supposed to be good. You killed several of my men back at that farmhouse.”
We stopped laughing. Tension settled over the boat as we all remembered what we really were to each other. We had probably killed or injured their friends. I suddenly feared they might not let us live to return.
“That was self-defense.” Celeste remained defiant. “You attacked us. Like you, I had a mission to carry out.”
“And there's the common ground. You're just as 'bad' as I am.”
She fiddled with the gun in her lap. I could tell the comparison bothered her, but she was a soldier, a very effective soldier.
A crack from ahead broke the quiet. We dropped from our seats and took cover. The only sound was the lap of water against the boat. We saw no guardians lurking, no sign of Llewyn's boat. After a minute or so, Owen set the boat into motion once more.
“Look.” Celeste pointed as the bow eased the corpse of a guardian from our path.
A gunshot wound gaped in his stomach. His eyes were filmed over. A memory of the Maructe in the stars pushed into my conscious mind. He was with them now, the Sidera, if Llewyn's Divine Ones were still able to draw the souls of the deceased without their statues. 
I would never go, no matter how long I had left to live, I would fight assimilation with every last spark of coherence I possessed. If my soul was sentient, I would fly it as far from Maructe as I could.
Near the fallen trees Celeste had seen during her flyover, we came to a tall chain-link fence. Plastic wreaths and flowers drifted amidst the debris where the river had overtaken the grass.
Llewyn's boat floated there, abandoned by its occupants. They hadn't bothered to tie it down.
Owen positioned our boat next to the fence. Without need for an order, an enforcer hopped out and secured the boat to a fence post.
“You cannot be serious.” Gideon groaned.
“What's the matter? Afraid to get that pretty suit of yours dirty?” I asked as I followed the others into waist-deep water.
He snarled at me, “No, smartass. Nigel, stay here and guard the boat in case they try to come back this way. Don't let these two run off with it, either.” He motioned to Celeste and me.
Nigel saluted, “Happy hunting.”
Gideon winced as he eased himself into the water, “This is so disgusting. I'm shooting if I see any snakes. I would appreciate if the rest of you did the same.”
Freakin' pansy.
We passed through the broken gate, holding our weapons over our heads. The ground sloped upward the farther into the cemetery we went, up to a hill we couldn't see past. The air was eerily still. 
Rows of tombstones jutted up from the water into clouds of mosquitoes. Angels folded stone hands in prayer or they wept. Celeste eyed these solemn renderings of her kind with a passing curiosity. I wondered what it was like for her to see them like that, watching over the dead.
She shook the water from her wings like a dog when we reached an elevation where the flood only reached to our knees. Gideon blocked the drops she sent flying his direction with his hand.
“Watch it.”
Owen leveled his gun at a tomb. We reacted accordingly, his men backing him up. Celeste and I covered the other direction.
The crack of a gunshot echoed throughout the cemetery, flushing a flock of birds from the trees outside the fence. Everyone but Gideon ducked.
“Damn!” He was looking down at the front of his jacket. Owen yanked him down with the rest of us. A spot of blood bloomed across the river water soaked white. “Do you know how infected this is going to get?” The bullet had caught the left side of his rib cage.
“Shut up.” Owen told him.
A guy swung around the side of the tomb to squeeze off a couple more rounds at us. I recognized him as one of the guardians who had helped Vic drag me into the temple. He had kicked me in the back.
Owen's skin paled to a sickly grayish color, and he fell into the water, into Gideon and the two enforcers exhibiting similar symptoms. It was the sickness, the ravager doing his thing. They wheezed and coughed. The blood on Gideon's jacket spread faster.
“Keep their heads out of the water.” I said to Celeste, “I'll get this asshole.”
The guardian poked his head around the side of the tomb long enough for me to see the smug look on his face. I fired the gun as I ran, which didn't do much for my aim. Bullets ricocheted off the stone wall and the tombstones between me and him. I rounded the side of the tomb, gun first.
Ready for me, he fired from a couple of feet away, his bullet chipping stone inches from my face. I shot twice more and hit him. He stumbled backward into the floodwater, dead before splashdown. He wouldn't brutalize anyone else. Blood clouded the water around him.
A hard blow to the back of my head sent flashes of light into my periphery. I whirled around as a second guardian swung the butt of a rifle at my face. I lunged beneath it to shove him away. He drew back for another swing. A bullet from the direction of my team clipped off a piece of his skull, and he joined his friend in the floodwater. 
I wiped his blood from my forehead with the back of my trembling arm and rested against the tomb for a moment to catch my balance. I shut my eyes to breathe, thankful that breathing was still an option to me. The submerged ground seemed to tilt. My gun felt like it had gained weight. 
I asked, “Everyone alright?”
Owen responded, “Fine.”
“Maggots are probably burrowing into my innards as we speak.” Gideon complained.
“Make sure he gets back to the boat and wait there.” Owen ordered the man next to him. “You, too.” He pointed to the other enforcer, “I don't like the way that went. The three of us will take it from here.”
They slogged back through the water toward the boat. Gideon slowed as he moved. Blood loss was finally getting to him. The wound didn't appear to be fatal, but he would feel the effects later.
When he was out of earshot, Owen let out an exasperated sigh, “Thank God. I hate working with him. He's about as useful in a battle as marshmallow bullets.”
Celeste and I exchanged a smile.
“You won't get any argument from us.” I said.
We continued our hike up the slope, among the dead and the buzz of mosquitoes. Vic was somewhere on the other side of that hill. I could feel his animosity hanging in the air like humidity. He couldn't wait to kill me.
I heard singing, faintly at first, and I thought maybe it was my imagination or her voice in the back of my mind, the way it started. Llewyn's song reached us as we neared the crest of the hill. She sang in that other language only she seemed to know. Strange words mingled with humming in a disjointed melody that carried over the memorial garden in the valley below. Wide paths made a grid pattern between flowers and extravagant, black granite grave markers with gold lettering.
“This must be the first class section.” I said.
Across the valley of graves and flowers, a long staircase led up to an open tomb where a copper dome roof sheltered a sarcophagus. The threshold revealed daylight on the other side. A shadow clad in a dress twirled past the sarcophagus. Llewyn.
“I see her.” A knot formed in my stomach.
Owen stopped, “This looks like a trap. Two guardians are left, right? Where are they?”
I told him, “You'd better stay up here.”
“You must be joking.” I had offended his delicate sensibilities. “You two can't take them on by yourselves.”
“Vic is a ravager. The other guy probably is, as well. I can't save myself and you. Stay up here and cover us.”
He crossed his arms over that barrel of a chest, “Since when do I take orders from you?”
“Since you want to live.” Celeste interjected.
He narrowed his eyes at her, “Fair enough. You're probably right anyway. There comes a time when even greatest soldier must accept his limitations.”
I rolled my eyes.
He situated himself next to a stone bench, lying on his stomach and aiming a rifle at the path we would take into the garden.
“I'm ready to get this over with.” I held out my gun, watching for signs of movement as we descended the stairs on our side of the valley. Celeste remained close behind.
Llewyn's singing sounded calm. The language came fluidly, her voice unbroken by the stress of the situation, the loss of her precious compound, the souls she'd gathered, and the statues of her Divine Ones. The song had an unhinged quality, like a disconnection between her and reality. I resisted an urge to try and make sense of it.
The paths on the valley floor weren't flooded like the section from which we'd come, however, about an inch of water gave them the appearance of rivers reflecting the sky and monuments placed along their borders.
A bullet chipped a granite sphere to our left, sending chunks into the air. Celeste and I ducked beneath two more shots to hide behind a nearby sarcophagus. She peered around the side.
“Is it Vic?”
She shook her head when she pulled back, “Not him. This man appears to be alone.”
Another bullet grazed the corner of the tomb where her head had just been.
“This would be a good time for Owen to use that vantage point.” I said.
“He likely can't see the guardian where he's hiding. The shooter is among trees, and there's a shrub between them.”
Llewyn's singing paused, then she laughed and began again, this time with a livelier melody. I wondered what the hell she was laughing about. She only had Vic with her, and he wasn't exactly a barrel of monkeys. Maybe trauma had pushed her over the edge after all.
I suggested, “Maybe if I run by, he'll let his guard down. You or Owen can pick him off.”
“I should do it. I'll heal fast. You won't.”
She was right. I nodded. Up the hill, I saw Owen still poised with the rifle.
Celeste took off down the walk, water splashing at her ankles. I saw what she was talking about, the trees and the shrub. I waited until she was almost there before going after her. She ran by the guardian. He stepped out and shot at her. I fired. There was a shot from Owen, and before the guy could take two steps, he was on the ground. 
I waved at Owen. He waved back.
“I heard gunshots. Update.” Gideon squawked into my ear. I tossed the earpiece into the water and blood. Celeste followed suit. I didn't need any distractions.
I scanned the graves and paths. No one else emerged. 
We approached the rich man's tomb. Above, Llewyn still sang her song. It was about triumph; I decided. I could tell by the tone.
As we ascended the steps, Celeste kept watch over the garden behind us. Vic wouldn't be there, though. He wouldn't leave Llewyn's side. I reached the entrance to the tomb. Llewyn stood on the other side of the sarcophagus, her back to us while she looked out over whatever lay beyond. The dagger she used to murder her followers hung from her hand.
Vic stepped out, trained a gun on my face at point-blank range, fury raging in his eyes like a fire. His forehead was battered and bleeding and every inch of his skin was crusted in grime from the river. 
Celeste grabbed the back of my shirt and flung me aside. She reached for him as he fired and spun him around to hurl him down the stairs. A bullet punched a hole in her newly restored wing, sending a clump of feathers into the air behind her.
She went after him, into a hail of gunfire coming from Vic, coming from Owen on the ridge. They fought their way down the stairs, kicking, punching, shooting where they thought they had a chance. I had to stop myself from going after her. 
By putting herself between Vic and Llewyn, she had given me an opportunity. Taking care of Llewyn had become my responsibility and mine alone.
Llewyn stopped singing. I turned to find the mother just behind me.
She smiled, “Hunter.”
My vision blurred slightly. I put one hand on my head to quiet the beginning of a painful throb and leveled my gun at her with the other hand.
“I have communed with the Divine Ones. We forgive your betrayal.” The tattoos covering her skin writhed and formed what, for a second, looked like the alien face of Maructe. Ink trailed down her arm like black blood.
The physical proximity of her to me caused the mental wall I'd placed between us to crumble. I had a vision of her in a hazy forest with the lion statues walking on either side of her like living beasts. I resisted. She drove it farther into my mind.
“They told me that you are to be forgiven, that you are such an important part of them. We're all integral, but your star shines brighter than most, my sweet boy.” She kissed me on the lips. “They will spend a decade gathering the Sidera we lost, but they told me you're worth it. You'll free us all.”
We stood together in the trees with Ekash and Maructe circling us. Next would come the blade of her knife, sliding into my gut. I arrived at that certainty so easily. It caused me no panic. I didn't recoil from her as I should have.
The sound of shooting reached me in the forest. I remembered, then, where we really were. The dream flickered and faded into tunnel vision centered on her face, and I felt the gun in my hand. She drew back the knife. I tilted the barrel up into her sternum and pulled the trigger once.
Llewyn didn't move at first. She remained there leaning against me long enough for me to question whether I'd actually shot her. Maybe the gun didn't fire properly or I hadn't pointed it the way I thought I had - a result of emerging from the dream. The lock of her gaze on mine wavered, then she slumped over onto her side, the dagger clanging across the stone floor as she lost her grip.
 
Chapter 16
 
“They're calling me home.” Llewyn smiled through the trickle of blood from the side of her mouth. “To be a star.”
I fought back nausea as I stood over her. The effect of her hold on my mind, the intense disorientation, still lingered.
She went on, “Someday they will walk the earth. You'll see what blessings they will bring to the human race. Our potential for evolution is infinite.”
“Not if I can help it.”
Blood pooled beneath her.
“Take on our cause. Counsel your brothers and sisters. That is your calling. I see it clearly now.” She shuddered and then went still. Her soul, a golden orb like all the rest, rose from the corpse. It emanated a sound like a tinkling bell while it circled me and then drifted out of the tomb like a parachute seed on a breeze.
A cry of anguish came from Celeste down in the garden. The sounds of struggle halted. I went to the tomb entrance, trying to shake off the vertigo on the move. I spotted her in the valley, near the middle of the garden. Her form, a bundle of white feathers and limbs, slouched against a stone wall. She flinched as a bullet clipped the top of the wall over her head.
The shot had come from behind a fountain. Vic hid behind the base. He popped up and shot again.
Owen watched helplessly from the top of the hill. He still aimed his rifle down at the garden, but Vic's location didn't allow for a good, clear shot. There was too much between them, too many trees and monuments. 
I snatched Llewyn's dagger from the floor and stuck it between my belt and the waistband of my pants, so that it hung at my side like a sword. I ran down the stairs to take cover behind an obelisk with a family name etched on the front. I didn't think Vic had seen me come out. I made a dash for the next structure big enough for me to hide behind. I repeated the run, pausing between his shots at Celeste, from stone to stone, until I reached her.
I moved her wing aside to get a look at the damage. Silvery blood soaked the front of her shirt from a bullet hole in her chest. Her breathing was ragged. Her lungs rattled when she inhaled.
“Are you okay?”
She nodded, looking exhausted. I wiped a drop of blood from her cheek with my thumb.
“This will take a while to heal. I cannot help you. I am sorry.” She was crying.
“No. It's ok. I'll get him. You've done enough.”
“Llewyn?”
“She's dead.”
Celeste leaned her head back against the stone and closed her eyes, “I'm glad of that.”
“Vic is the only one left.”
“I'll pray for you.” She said without looking at me. She was losing consciousness. Her pistol slipped from her grasp. I took it, but left her second gun with her.
A deep breath. A gun in each hand. I twisted, and as I stood, I spotted Vic running toward a brick wall at the perimeter of the garden. I took off after him even though I knew this wasn't a retreat. He disappeared into a building.
I paused next to the entrance, listening to his footsteps recede. I looked around the corner and promptly withdrew. A room with no ceiling housed interment niches in the walls, ornaments on some, nameplates on all. The place smelled like rain. Ivy crawled along the tops of the walls. No sign of Vic.
A second room lay beyond.
I kept to the edge as I proceeded. I heard a scrape across the floor. I put my back to the next wall, the one barring my view of the next section. With the absence of ruckus in the cemetery garden, birds sang. They fluttered in the leaves overhead, unaware of the mayhem brewing below them.
I peered around the corner. The next room held deeper shadows. I tightened my grip on the guns and stepped in.
From somewhere out of sight, he asked, “Has the mother ascended?”
He was asking if she was dead. I stopped cold.
“Yes.”
He let a strangled gasp, “I loved her more than anyone could know. I would have...I would give my life in exchange for hers.”
I pointed my guns into the next room. He wasn't there, yet I still heard his voice.
“I failed as her protector.”
“Kinda.” I prodded.
“I won't fail her, now.” 
My heart pounded into my throat. Ahead was the final room, a yard with an elaborate birdbath at the center and lush green grass. There was nowhere else for him to go.
“Maybe you should give yourself up to the Center. They could probably use a guy like you - bloodthirsty and relentless.” I edged closer to the entrance.
Vic stepped into my path. He seemed bigger, then, and quite angry. He grabbed the barrel of each of the guns in my hands and pushed me back into the shade. I fell backward onto the stone floor. He ended up holding the guns, but he tossed them aside, apparently choosing to rip my head off with his bare hands instead.
My combat boots slid on the wet floor as I struggled to gain enough footing to stand. He grabbed me, hauled me the rest of the way to my feet and hurled me toward the bird bath behind him, putting himself between me and the exit. I backed away over the thick lawn. At least the landing would be soft when he knocked me on my ass and beat the living shit out of me.
Vic lurched after me, fists still clenched white knuckle tight. I positioned myself the other side of the birdbath, which made an inadequate defense, but it was something. I remembered the knife in my belt.
“You are repulsively unworthy of holding that tool of our faith in your hand.” His face contorted with rage so potent, he struggled with his words, “You turned on us all, my sister included, your brother.”
He was right, but I wasn't about to admit it.
“You should feel privileged to die the same day as the mother. You don't deserve such an honor.” He toppled the birdbath to get to me.
I made a run for the exit, but he was too fast. He grabbed me by my shirt, ran me up against the brick wall, so that my head smacked sideways into it. I concentrated on my grip on the hilt of the dagger.
“I told Llewyn not to trust you. I told Bree the same thing.” He swung me around and swept his leg behind mine to trip me. Then before I could scoot away, he landed a devastating hit to my left eye.
I fell back, barely able to see or breathe. I had to get the hell out of there. He was going to beat me to death. I still had the knife. I held it out toward him, and he laughed.
“How much do you want to bet that I can take that knife from you and stab you with it on my first try?”
“Come on, big boy. Let's see what you've got.” At that point, I didn't have much to lose. Might as well go out with an attitude.
He went to a knee, gripped me by the throat with one hand and snatched the knife with the other. As he reversed his hold for optimum stabbing angle, a gunshot ricocheted against the walls of the crypt. Then came a second bullet, zipping past the dead and interrupting what should've been a peaceful afternoon in the graveyard.
Celeste. My guardian angel.
Vic forgot about me long enough that I was able to squirm from his grasp. He stood and faced the entrance with the knife still in his hand. The shooting paused for a few moments, then the shooter unleashed a spray of bullets that flew every direction. We dove for cover.
I quickly evaluated my options. Remain in the birdbath yard with a psycho or head toward whoever was shooting at us and pray that I didn't get caught in the gunfire before they recognized who I was.
I forged into the peril, holding my arm over my face to shield my eyes from the flying dust and fragments of stone. I was hit from behind, a crippling, agonizing pain that seemed to cut right through my shoulder blade. I fell to my hands and knees. 
“Celeste!”
The firing ceased. She didn't respond. I spotted a pistol I'd carried in with me in the shadow. I reached for it with the arm I could still feel.
Vic emerged, baring his teeth in a snarl when he saw me. I whipped the gun around and fired. Blood appeared on his shirt, a spot that quickly grew. He tried to come for me again. I squeezed the trigger twice more.
He stepped forward and collapsed a couple of feet from me.
I lost the strength needed to sit upright. I lay on my side to rest my face on the cool floor. It was wet, but I didn't mind. I just needed to rest, and I would be alright, even if I was having a bit of trouble breathing. I had been through worse. I survived then. I would survive again.
Celeste placed her gun on the floor next to me. Owen was with her.
“There is a knife.” She pushed my shoulder forward to yank the blade from my body.
I cried out, but it was a relief not to have it piercing skin and muscle. Even as the blood really started to flow, I was thankful to have it gone, thankful to have her there. We had done it, she and I. We had stopped the resurrections of Ekash and Maructe, albeit with help from my enemies.
And they would be my enemies again when I woke, if I lived. 


Chapter 17
 
Sunlight flashed through tree branches overhead. I couldn't quite hang onto wakefulness, but I felt Celeste's presence.
Gideon's face hovered over me in a boat, that gloating smile. He would see that I was patched up properly if for no other reason than to gain satisfaction by taking me back into Center custody. But that wasn't important. Not bleeding out was important. Not letting my heart quit - equally important, judging by the worry in the medical professional's voice. At least, I hoped he was a professional. One never knows who the Center might hire. Oxygen mask, syringe. Blackness.
I came to in a room, on a bed that was almost comfortable. The walls were painted an olive green color, which was more soothing than white. I wore no shirt and no shoes. My pants were pajama. A bandage looped from my neck, under my arm to cover the knife wound. The puncture throbbed miserably.
Vic and Llewyn were dead. Gideon had threatened to lock me away, and with the cult eliminated, he was free to carry out that threat and worse. I sat up in bed. I stood and stretched, feeling as though I hadn't done so in a week. 
A pane of glass on the wall offered nothing but a reflection of my battered face. The panel looked like it should have been one of those two-way mirrors I'd seen in cop movies, but no one had bothered to give it the illusion of being a mirror. No need for that at the Center.
“Hey!” I yelled at whoever was listening, and I was certain that someone was, in fact, listening. I waved at the security camera in the corner. “Can I get something to eat? I'm starving.”
No one answered for so long that I worried they stuck me in that room to rot. Gideon would do that. He could be a sadistic ass.
A light came on in the panel on the wall. In a room painted chocolate brown, three people dressed in lab coats sat at a table facing me. The guy in the middle wore big glasses reminiscent of the sixties. His hair was a flat-top, which didn't help to modernize his appearance.
The woman to his right had curly brown hair with platinum highlights mingled in. She was pretty, but the all-business expression on her face aged her. I thought she might look familiar, maybe from my old Center days.
The man on the other side of fifties guy had his nose buried in a medical chart, presumably mine. He was pale like he hadn't seen sunlight in years, his hair dark and molded into a wave that landed just above his eye.
“I do get to eat, don't I?”
Fifties guy bent closer to the mic and pressed a button, “Yes, you do, Mr. Tomlinson. We just need to make sure you plan to play nice.”
“I'll play nice, unless I don’t eat soon. I have a tendency to get cranky.” I felt a good ravage coming on, certainly the result of being in the last place on Earth I wanted to be. My presence in the Center had me worked up.
They liked to experiment there. I had an especially fond memory of electroshock therapy. The doctors wanted to see if it had any effect on the violet electromagnetic frequency we anomalies emit. It didn't.
“Take the pills in the cup on the table, please.”
I looked into the paper cup. It was my old medication, nothing too ominous about that. I knew from experience that the supposedly fatal withdrawal symptoms were either a lie or defective, unless the friendly scientists tweaked the formula in my absence. I washed them down with a glass of water, then sat on the bed to await my food.
“Dinner will be served in five minutes.” He turned his head to speak to the woman as he turned off the light.
Dinner turned out to be cafeteria tacos. A man in a biohazard suit delivered the tray.
“Those don't work.” I informed him.
“New poly blend,” came the humorless reply.
The food was the best tasting cafeteria dinner of all time. I would've eaten three plates of it if they let me. Dinner. Knowledge of the time of day prompted me to wonder how long I'd been there. I had no clock, no calendar. I started to feel uncomfortably isolated, not just captive, but cut off from everything - a man in a room. I didn't even have shoes or a shirt, which reduced me to a creature slightly less than human. Devolution by lack of proper wardrobe.
Later, the light in the booth came back on. Despite the fact that I was the one on display, the three doctors looked as though they were on stage. I went close to the glass to peer inside, which caused them to shift backward in their chairs. I smiled at the woman whose security badge read 'Helen Hamilton'. Fifties guy's name was 'Reginald Worth'. The third doctor's badge was hidden behind the folder in his hand.
“What kind of glass is this? I like it.” I knocked.
“Mr. Tomlinson, kindly step away from the window.”
I did as he asked but only because I wanted information from him. Sometimes playing nice paid off. When they were comfortable with my distance, Dr. Worth spoke again.
“Do you know where you are?”
I sat on the bed and crossed my legs Indian-style, “I have a pretty good idea where I am. The Center for the Preservation of Natural Order, right?”
“Very good.”
“I have a couple of people I would like to check on.”
The doctors exchanged a three-way glance, then cut off the mic to consult each other. Helen and Folder Guy argued behind Reginald. He quieted them with a raised hand. He pushed the button for the microphone.
“You are not in a position in which you can make demands.”
“It was a request, not a demand. I don't think inquiring about the welfare of family and friends is unreasonable.”
More discussion between the doctors. I rolled my eyes. Management really knew how to control their underlings. They probably couldn't take a piss without written permission from the board of directors or whatever form the hierarchy took. They finished bickering.
“You may inquire.”
“My brother, Michael. Is he alright?”
Folder Guy checked his folder.
Reginald answered, “Yes. He suffered minor injuries but is with most of the other healers in the low security wing of the asylum.”
That news was a relief. I relaxed a bit.
“What about Celeste?”
“Last name?”
Last name?
“I don't think she has a last name.”
The doctors appeared to be confused. Some thumbing through paper coupled with shaking heads occurred.
“Look, you can't miss her. She has big, feathery white wings.”
“We don't know who you're talking about.”
“Of course you don't.”
If I knew Center mentality at all, they had her in some super high security, top secret lab. I hoped they weren't subjecting her to crazy tests or worse, cutting her open to see what made those marvelous wings work.
“How long have I been here?”
“Two days. We kept you sedated.”
What else did I want to know?
“When can I talk to my supervisor? Where's Gideon?”
The window went dark. That was the end of question and answer time. They didn't give me much, but at least I knew Michael was okay, relatively speaking.
When I woke up the next morning, clothes were folded neatly in a chair across the room from me. I had been promoted back to human status. A pair of jeans and a t-shirt - just what I liked, even if it had a Center logo printed on the front. The letters of the acronym CPNO were stacked in a tower. Very imaginative. 
A man in a biohazard suit delivered breakfast. He wasn't the same guy as before. Shift change. He exhibited equal levels of friendliness. I tried to make small talk, and he ignored me.
“I'm calling you 'Frank',” I told him on his way out. The isolation was seriously getting to me. I lived alone before this adventure started, I know, but being stuck in the room was different. I had no windows, no computer, no Mr. Suresh preparing delicious Indian food below my apartment, no television. I couldn't even people watch, unless you counted the doctors on their stage. I was actually happy when someone different showed up at my door.
He didn't wear a biohazard suit. The completely bald man in what almost looked like a military dress shirt and pants poked his head into my room like he had nothing to fear.
“Tomlinson?”
I nodded.
“I'm taking you to another room. Are we going to have trouble?”
“No, sir.”
“Come on.”
He held the door open for me. I almost couldn't believe it. Was this some trick? Did they plan to shoot me when I stepped into the hall? Or maybe I was dreaming.
I squinted as my eyes adjusted to the glaring daylight in the hallway. Across from my room was a sitting area with empty chairs and tables and a dark television. Everything was yellow and shiny and outdated. The room looked like a leftover communal area from the days the asylum was used for the purpose for which it was intended. 
Military man escorted me through a locked security gate to a room on our right. The first thing I noticed when I walked in was a window at the other side. My urge to get a look at the outdoors was so great; I had to restrain myself from running over to it.
The furniture arrangement consisted of a singular table with four chairs. I was in a similar room before, when I was first brought to the Center. I got my nose broken for being a smartass. I had become older and wiser since then.
Military man sat in the chair across from me. His security badge identified him as 'Commander Zachary Fox'. He seemed to wait for something. I was about to ask what when the door opened. I knew who had entered without having to turn and look. I smelled her perfume, and although I didn't really know her or had gotten close enough to smell her, the fragrance just seemed so very her. Sophisticated, I guess? Also like a teacher I had in elementary school.
Helen sat in the chair next to me. She took a clipboard from under Fox’s hands to study it.
“He took his meds, correct?”
“Correct.” I smiled sweetly. She was not amused.
“Mr. Tomlinson, we would like to talk about your experience with the cult. The leaders were a woman named Llewyn Samson and Victor Margelis. What do you know about them?”
Hearing their last names felt strange to me, like they were just a pair of regular people I could run into at a coffee shop.
“I didn’t know much about them personally.”
“We're in the process of identifying any potential threats. Do you know if either of them named a successor for her?”
She kind of named me her successor as she was dying. Did that count?
“As far as I knew, she was hoping to finish the job herself.”
“Did she happen to share the reason she took on this role?”
“She said her soul contained a piece from both of her gods, that she was a miracle.”
“We transported her body here to the Center and tested it. We found no violet EMF residue. She wasn't an anomaly.” Helen waited for me to react to the news. I didn't give her much.
“Well, you never know with crazy people. They can say anything.”
“What about Michael? He was at the compound longer than you. How invested was he in their belief system?”
“They kidnapped him. He wasn't there because he was a believer.”
“Were you a believer?”
“I believe that Llewyn was a manipulative murderer, and so was Vic. I didn't buy anything those lunatics were selling.”
“So you didn't see anything strange while you were there?”
She was pushing me into a corner. She wanted me to tell her how real Ekash and Maructe were. If they had this conversation with the more devout followers, they already knew how deep the belief could run. I could only imagine someone like Bree in an interrogation like that. It wouldn't go well.
“I witnessed a human sacrifice. Does that count?”
“That's not what I meant. Did you see any beasts such as lions made of stars?”
My, that was specific.
“No.”
Commander Fox turned to her, “He's lying.”
“Why would I lie about that?”
I had a multitude of reasons to lie about that, but I didn't intend to give them any excuse to mess with my head.
“I agree.” She said. “Up his dosage and put him on the list for the class. We'll need to deprogram him.”
“Wait, what? Deprogram? I said I didn't see anything weird.”
She got up and clacked out of the room on her high heels.
“Wait.”
Her hand on the knob, she stopped.
“When can I see my brother?”
She sighed, “We'll introduce you into the general population once we're sure you won't suffer any lasting mental effects from their brainwashing.”
“General population?” That sounded a little too much like prison for my taste.
“You're considered a high risk anomaly. Once we determine whether you can be rehabilitated, we will either place you in a lower security part of the facility or move you into high risk containment. Trust me when I say you don't want the latter.”
“Ok.” I nodded. Hopelessness settled over me like a fog as I realized the reality of my situation. I would never get out. I'd never be free. My acquiescence must have inspired some sympathy in her. She clacked back over to the table.
“Come over here.” She urged me to the window.
“Doctor.” Fox cautioned her.
“I'm fine.” She assured him.
We overlooked a park with trees and foliage and small ponds and benches. People were out there, having picnics or just sunning themselves. A trio of girls played frisbee. It looked like any other park, with the exception of the walls surrounding it. This was the Center version of leniency. A walled garden. I started to miss the compound.
“There is hope for you here. This probably wasn't what you had in mind for your future, but we can offer you a life. Here, you don't have to worry about accidentally ravaging anyone. You don't have to worry about people chasing you, anymore. No one will sacrifice you. We'll keep you safe and fed. You should think of this place as your sanctuary.”
I hated how much sense she made. What else did I have out there in the world? A life on the run?
“Did they tell you I was the one who killed her?” I said without making eye contact with the doctor. I felt her staring at me. “I killed Vic, too. I was a damn hero.”
She left the room without another word. I didn't know if that meant she didn't believe me or what. I didn't care. I just needed to give voice to that thought in my head.
My ears burned with the words all the way back to my room. I saved these people. I saved all of them. After Llewyn finished her work at the compound, the Center would have been her next stop. She would've sent the ravagers in without an ounce of concern for whoever worked or lived there. Yet, I was being treated like a diseased animal, demeaned, quarantined. And the only carrot they dangled was a release into gen pop. What a joke.
The rest of my day was spent in the olive room with the security camera and the dark glass panel. My only friends were the guys in biohazard suits who delivered my lunch and my dinner. I started calling them all 'Frank', which seemed to irritate them, much to my delight. When I slept (and I slept a lot), I dreamed of the compound.
My subconscious version of it warped in different ways each time I stirred from sleep and then fell back in. I dreamed of the garden and the library with its scribe. Bree was with me, smiling and exuberant, except when the scenery morphed into a nightmare. Llewyn was always there in the darkest moments, leering with the dagger. She sent death on the wings of hope and stars.
Galaxies of the Sidera called to me. I couldn't believe how many. They sang the way Llewyn sang in the cemetery garden. I knew what she meant when she told me they were calling her home. The strength of their beckoning terrified me. My soul was a void that could only be filled by the others of my kind.
I ached for Celeste, too, my stalwart friend of really only days. Wherever she had ended up, I hoped she was happy. I hoped she had escaped the clutches of the Center. All she had to do was fly away.
I woke sometime in the night when illumination fell across my face. I opened my eyes, sweating, feeling disoriented and feverish, thinking they had given me too much of the drug they used to hold the ravaging at bay.
The light came from the glass panel across the room. Inside was Gideon. He was alone.
I got up from the bed, certain that he was a hallucination. I had no fear of anyone seeing me engage a mirage. Doctor Helen already thought I was crazy. I staggered over and leaned with my palm on the glass.
“How are we doing?” He asked.
“We are feeling strung out on whatever the hell the doctors are giving me. Are you really in there?”
He raised an eyebrow and tilted his head, “Hmmmm....perhaps they do need to dial back the dosage. I hear they've scheduled you for a deprogramming class tomorrow.”
“Yeah.” I felt myself falling back to sleep. I rested my head on the pane to hold myself upright. The coolness against my face gave me visions of Llewyn from the days when she appeared to me in glass.
“I want this to work for you, Hunter, so pay attention.” He spoke loudly to wake me up. “Do well. Take it all in. If they determine you're mentally fit, I'll get you access to something other than this room. As much as I hate to admit it, having you in the field was beneficial. You might even be worth the risk. Prove it to me.”
“Where is Celeste?”
“Work on your mental state, then we'll worry about Celeste. Cooperation is key.” The room went dark.
I don't remember how I got back in bed, but the feeling of sheets and the pillow against my skin felt good. More time passed, and I was awoken again by light, this time from the door as it opened. I couldn't quite resurface from sleep. The drugs had me too far under.
The silhouette looked like an angel, my Celeste. The figure knelt beside my bed.
She whispered into my ear, “Be ready to run in the morning. The doors will unlock. Do not take the medicine. Do not hesitate.” She pressed her lips to my cheek, then slid an object under my pillow.
 
Chapter 18
 
My fingers curled around a plastic card the next morning. I remembered the presence of the security camera and the glass panel and turned toward the wall behind me to see what it was without revealing it to my various observers. The sight of it sent a chill through my veins.
It was a plastic key card security badge with Helen's smiling face on it. Celeste had come into my room. She wasn't a hallucination or a dream. She had really been there. She told me to be ready to run.
I jumped up from bed, pulled on the shirt that was waiting for me there. If only I had shoes. The paper pill cup and the glass of water were on the table.
The doors will unlock. Her voice replayed through my mind. Do not take the medicine.  I looked over at the door. It stood impenetrable as ever. What if it was already unlocked? I didn't want to try the knob, especially if they were watching. They would ask what I was doing. They would put me in high security containment. If the door was already unlocked, if I had missed my cue, I was wasting time.
I wanted the key card in my pocket. I sat on the bed, near the pillow and tried to look casual. I lounged awkwardly.
If my shirt had longer sleeves, I could have slipped the card up into the shirt. The light in the glass panel room came on. Reginald sat behind the mic, the other two doctors having skipped this visit.
“Mr. Tomlinson.”
I rose to approach the panel, “Morning, Doc. How is everything?” Beads of perspiration formed on my face. I resisted the urge to wipe them away for fear that I would look nervous. Tick, tick, tick. I refused to look at the door.
“Please take your medicine.”
They were watching me. If they observed me that close while I slept, had they seen Celeste?
Do not take the medicine. She had seemed so adamant about it. There was going to be a fight.
“I'm getting to it. I just wanted to get a bit of a stretch in first.” I stuck my arms into the air and twisted to get a peek at the door. I wished I could tell if it was unlocked just by looking at it.
“Now, Mr. Tomlinson. The deprogramming class begins in ten minutes. If I have to send someone in to force-feed it to you, I will.”
“Say, why do you call it medicine anyway? It doesn't exactly fix a health problem.”
“Think of it as preventative medicine for the people who come into contact with you. Pick up the glass of water.”
I walked over to the table very slowly.
Come on, Celeste. Give me a sign you're here. Anything. I glanced back toward the bed, where my pillow concealed Helen's key card. She was probably searching for it at that moment.
“Did you make sure the dosage is right? I had some really weird dreams last night. I think I might have actually been hallucinating. I don't want to have another reaction.”
He rubbed the bridge of his nose under his retro glasses, “Quit stalling. If those pills aren't down your throat in the next five seconds, I'm sending in security.”
I let the pills roll around in my palm. I could fake swallowing them.
The door made a clicking sound. Reginald heard it too because he turned to look with me. Time to go. I grabbed Dr. Helen's security card on the way out and then threw open the door to glorious sunlight. It shone across every reflective surface, like I was stepping into Heaven.
A guard at the gate to my right reached for the gun in the holster he wore. I put out my hand and sent him a taste of the power I wielded, the power that was about to save my life...or end it, definitely one of the two. He dropped the gun to hold his stomach as he doubled over.
I ran over to grab it. The heft of the weapon in my hand felt good. If only I had some shoes. I put the lanyard holding the security badge around my neck and tucked it inside my shirt. Then I practically tore off the guard's requisite combat boots. They were big, but I would make them work. I clutched them to my chest with the arm that wasn't holding the gun.
Gasping, Dr. Reginald lurched out of the door next to me, the one that led to the glass panel room. He halted when he saw me and the unconscious guard on the floor. He backed clumsily into the booth again, tripping over his own feet. His mouth dropped open as if he wanted to say something, but terror and the sickness had stolen his voice.
“I won't be taking my meds this morning. Don't come out if you value your life.”
An alarm sounded throughout the hall, a grating tone that echoed. Lights on the walls flashed. Any second an army of enforcers would tackle me. 
I checked the gun. It was loaded. No time to yank on the boots. I'd have to tote them along until an opportunity presented itself.
I couldn't tell where I was in the building, exactly. It was a big place, and I had never really gotten the lay of the land. I ran to the window. Outside was the front lawn, the city streets with cars driving by like nothing happening in the building mattered. I estimated that I was on the third floor.
I knew from my previous experiences that the front door was barred by a metal gate someone had to buzz people through and a door with the same type of lock. The side door to the parking lot was easier.
A stampede of boots in the hall interrupted my thoughts. I bolted to the junction of hallways nearby to wait for them to go by. If I was lucky, they wouldn't see me as they ran past. My heart hammered in my chest.
A burst of white rounded the corner.
“Celeste!”
She skidded to a stop next to me, “Hunter!”
She threw her arms around my neck and kissed my face all over. Her clothes were the same type she wore the last time I saw her - an enforcer uniform. A guy and a girl I didn't recognize were with her, dressed in the same way she was.
“This is Tina. She can see a minute or two into the future. And this is Jason. He's a healer. The Center planned to use both of them in the field.”
Jason snorted, “I agreed to get some gym time. You tell these assholes what they want to hear, and they'll believe anything.”
Tina adjusted her ponytail, “This is nice, but we need to get out of here. We have about forty five seconds before the guards show up.”
Celeste asked, “Why are you not wearing shoes?”
Everyone including me looked down at my bare feet.
“They didn't give me any. I had to -”
“Just put on the boots.” Tina snapped.
I handed Celeste my gun to yank them on, “What's the plan?”
Celeste said, “A van is waiting in a parking lot on the west side of the building. We will escape that way.”
“We have to get everyone else out before we go.”
“Everyone else who?” Jason asked.
“The others. I'm not leaving without them.”
“Twenty seconds.” Tina updated us.
Jason said, “We'll be lucky to get out of here alive ourselves. There's no way we can break everyone out.”
“We don't know where the holding cells are.” Celeste was worried, but she was already on board with the plan; I could tell.
Security had the doors locked again before we hit the first gate, but lucky for us, it opened with a swipe of Dr. Helen's key card. A handful of guards appeared in our path.
“Stop right there!” A guy in a black hat bellowed at us in his best cop voice.
Fat chance.
They fired their weapons as they closed in. We ducked into an adjacent hallway.
I wanted to ravage them, but I was afraid Tina wasn't immune to it like Celeste and I were. Jason was a healer, so he could handle whatever bad mojo I put out. 
I turned to him, “Hold on to Tina and help her if she starts to get sick.”
He grabbed her hand.
I gathered my concentration, and as the guards arrived, I hit them with a wave of the sickness. They collapsed into a heap, groaning, a couple of them vomiting. Tina regained her color quickly with Jason's help.
“Wow, that's awesome.” Jason stood. “I've heard what ravagers do, but seeing it,” He turned to Tina, “I told you he would come in handy.”
She wasn't listening, “Doctors come out of that door.” She pointed ahead of us at the end of the hallway. “They have tranquilizer dart guns.”
I trained my pistol on it and waited. Sure enough, Folder Guy and another man in a lab coat emerged. The guns in their hands looked like rifles.
Jason and I shot without hesitation. I shot to wound, sending a pair of bullets into my target's arm. Jason, not so much. He hit Folder Guy in the forehead. The doctor's head snapped back, and he fell to the floor, an awkward bundle of corpse.
“We should get those guns.” He jumped up and ran to the heap of ravaged enforcers, unfazed by the senseless murder he'd just committed. 
I bypassed the enforcers for the tranquilizer guns the doctors had. Celeste went with me, leaving Jason and Tina a couple of steps behind.
“You didn't need to kill him.” I told him as I grabbed the rifle from the dead scientist. I slung the blood-stained strap across my back. “They're doctors, not fighters.”
“Enemy doctors.” He angled his pistol to end a wounded man, “More like mad scientists. I can't even tell you how many times they drew blood from us to try to find the cure to whatever ailed them. They don't deserve any more sympathy than the ogres.”
Celeste stopped him, “No unnecessary deaths, please.”
To my relief, he acquiesced, “You're no fun.”
A murderous healer. And I thought the child Michael was bad.
“If we can get down to the main corridor, I can direct us to the low security wing. That's where they kept me for a while before transferring me into the program.” Tina offered.
“We're really doing this?” Jason said. “You people are nuts.”
“You can go off on your own if you want, but I recommend you stick with us.” I ran ahead without looking back to see if he followed.
We went through another security gate, then made a right toward the stairs. Tina advised us to skip the elevators.
The cavernous interior of the stairwell amplified the sound of the alarm. However, it was miraculously devoid of hostiles in the immediate vicinity.
Tina said calmly, “Shots from above,” and pointed up.
Bullets rained, pinging the rails and embedding themselves in the wall. We moved faster, tried to keep to the wall as we descended and went around to the next flight of stairs. The door on the second floor opened. 
Jason slammed it into the face of the man trying to come through, then opened it again. He shot the guy in the chest to repel him permanently.
“Dude!” I yanked him back into the stairwell by the back of his shirt. “We're focusing on leaving, not generating a body count.”
“Whose side are you on?”
We encountered another set of guards at the ground floor. The man who had accompanied Dr. Helen during my interrogation was with them. Commander Fox stood at the front of their group, ready to lead the charge. 
“Halt.” His command boomed over the alarm. The enforcers with him took aim at our group like a firing squad. “Nowhere to go, Mr. Tomlinson. Surrender and we may allow you to live.”
We were trapped, enemies in front of us, more closing in behind from the stairs above us and the second floor door swinging open. 
Before Jason could initiate a gun battle we would most certainly lose, I pushed Tina toward him. He seemed to get my drift, took her by the hand and pulled her back to stand against the wall. Celeste turned a pair of guns toward the flight behind us. 
I had always worked to hold the ravaging at bay, never wanting to cause anyone harm, especially after the various cruelties I'd suffered at the hands of my brother and the Center. The ease with which I wielded it scared the shit out of me. The Center had turned me into this thing, capable of making the decision to use violence in an instant.
The sickness coursed through me on a current of anger. I let it rupture from me into the air. It infected the men below with a quickness that caused the command to fire to lodge in Fox's throat. He choked, as did the men around him, and their guns clattered across the cement.
The hunting party descending on us collapsed, tumbling down the stairs, over each other, dropping their own weapons or discharging them erratically. They wheezed. Some had seizures. They lost all will and ability to fight. Skin tones morphed to that shade of gray that told me I was going too far, and yet, I had trouble stopping myself.
Veins beneath the skin in Tina's neck ran black, up her jaw and her face to her mouth, which had shifted to a blue color. Dark tears surfaced, trickling down her cheeks, her body expelling the poison. She went limp in Jason's arms.
Celeste broke me from the trance with a hand on my arm, “Enough.”
Jason's healing brought our friend back almost as soon as I relented. Raspy breathing became normal. The way she looked at him reminded me of Bree, and I missed her all over again.
“Let's go.” I said.
I tried not to show the others, but the attack left me breathless. I hated how right using the ability felt, like a release of all that was wrong within me. That feeling made me dangerous. 
Some of the afflicted, who somehow remained conscious, reached for us as we stepped over them or walked past them to reach the door. I was happy to leave that scene behind for the more serene first floor hallway. 
“Ugh, shut off that damn alarm.” Jason shot the flashing light nearest us. As if on command, the alarm stopped. He grinned, “Would've done that up on three if I knew it was going to work.”
The intercom system clicked on, “Anomalies located on the ground floor, hallway two.” The voice belonged to Dr. Helen, and she sounded pissed. No doubt she knew I was using her card.
“That's not better. Where to, Tina?” I asked.
She grimaced, concentrating.
“What's she doing?”
“Running scenarios in her head.” Jason said, “Part of her ability. She can make a decision and see into the future based on that.”
“Nice. I see why they wanted you out in the field.”
“We're clear for the next 30 seconds. Ahead and to the right.”
We rounded a corner and hit a security gate. Behind a window, in a booth, sat an unarmed doctor who tried to stop us by planting his hand on the glass and shouting. I swiped the key card. Nothing happened.
Jason said, “They deactivated your card.”
“Bastards.” I aimed a gun at the doctor, “Open the gate.”
He smirked, “Bulletproof glass, hotshot.”
Jason lost his cool, “I'm about to get this snide mother -”
“Wait.” Celeste stopped him.
She wrapped her fingers around the edge of the gate and yanked. It popped free of the electronic lock with a discontented sizzling sound.
“That works.” I patted her on the shoulder. The others followed me into a section with open rooms lining the sides of the hall. Two beds per room, but no one was inside any of them.
“Tina. What's going on? Where is everybody?”
“I assumed they'd be here. I only looked for guards. The anomalies are...in a common room. That way.” She pointed farther down the hall. As we ran, she added, “Guards behind us. Duck.”
A mix of bullets and tranquilizer darts closed in.
“Left.” Tina ordered. We turned.
Jason and Celeste stopped at the corner to shoot at our pursuers from cover. A dart stuck out of the back of her arm but didn't seem to affect her. I plucked it from her skin, “Guess you're immune.”
“Good to know.”
This batch of enforcers consisted of only three guys and no commander. They opted for an out-in-the-open approach despite the fact that they had several rooms in which they could've taken cover, evidence of poor training or desperation to contain us. Either way, Celeste and Jason made short work of them. There wouldn't be any enforcers left by the time we escaped, if we escaped. 
Behind us, in a room several yards down, a male voice ordered people to form a line. They were moving the low security anomalies.
“I hear them.” I said.
Jason tossed aside his rifle, “I'm low on ammo. I'm going to grab a few weapons. Celeste?”
“I will accompany you.” They dashed back down the hall.
I could barely keep myself from bolting in the direction of the voices. Michael was probably with them, maybe Bree if they determined she wasn't a threat. Ahead, with one more security gate between us and it, a door stood ajar. Lights reflected on a wooden floor. It looked like a gym.
Jason and Celeste returned bearing gifts.
My angelic partner handed me an Uzi, “This is better.”
“Like Christmas on the farm.” He cocked a black shotgun. A bandolier of shells hung across his chest.
“Scary farm.” I said.
“Anomalies, hallway five.” Dr. Helen's voice strained, seemingly with panic. I wondered then how close to us she was.
We continued, through the gate with Celeste's assistance.
“Anyone who gets out of line or delays our departure loses yard privileges for a week.” A firm voice announced on the other side of the door.
In my eagerness to get to my brother and the others, I burst in without giving Tina time to do her thing. The anomalies, probably fifty of them, were lined up against the wall opposite of us, all dressed in gray jumpsuits. Guards were stationed every ten feet or so. They turned on us as they heard my not-so-subtle intrusion and opened fire. Jason grabbed me, yanked me back out into the hall and pushed me aside.
“Real stupid.” He fired into the common room.
“Hustle!” A guard shouted over the screams. He pushed the line of prisoners through a door to only God knew where.
Jason and Celeste went in first. Tina and I were next. I tried the trigger on the Uzi, almost losing control. The damn thing practically jumped out of my hands. I aimed toward the end of the line, where a guard stood by himself, and mowed him down with more bullets than needed.
Jason pumped his fist at me, “Yeah! That's the way we do it.”
Our group took out several guards to clear the way just as the last anomaly disappeared into the exit door. I ran past tables set up for games and a television blaring a game show. The air smelled of bacon, gunpowder, and blood. I caught the door just before it latched closed. 
Fluorescent lights flickered in a utility corridor with pipes mounted to the walls. The floor reflected their halfhearted illumination on puddles of water which had gathered in dips in the rough concrete. The group was out of sight, having already made a turn. 
I asked, “Tina?”
“Left.”
We caught up to them pretty quickly. The anomalies were fleeing just as the guards were, thinking we must be a threat to them. I slung the Uzi strap over my shoulder to switch to the tranquilizer gun I'd liberated from the scientist on the third floor. We weren't in a good spot to use a machine gun anyway, unless I felt compelled to kill the people we were attempting to rescue. 
A pair of guards at the rear of the line turned around to repel us. I hit one with the tranquilizer dart. He fell sideways, banging his head on the way down.
Gunfire from the second guard pinged off metal pipes and valves. I knelt next to the wall. Tina and Jason followed suit. Celeste plowed through, taking hits to her shoulder and her thigh. The guard's aim was all over the place, but one doesn't have a killer angel rush them every day. He was dead before she got close.
“Ok?” I was too out of breath to ask the full question as I joined her once more.
“Yes.” Silver blood streaked her forehead below the place where a shot had grazed her scalp. She appeared unfazed, otherwise.
The anomalies ahead of us made a corner and then another. Some of them were crying, others panicking and asking how far behind them we were or where they were going.
“Stop running, goddamnit.” Jason shouted after them.
“I don't think cursing at them is going to gain their trust.” I said.
“Armed workmen, next junction.” Tina called from the back of our group.
Dirty mechanics in coveralls stepped into our path. One wielded the biggest pipe wrench I'd ever seen. The other two had dart guns. They never stood a chance. I shouldered into pipe wrench guy who had doubled over when Tina got him in the stomach with her pistol. Jason and Celeste handled the other two with the efficiency of trained killers. The workmen didn't delay us long, but those seconds gave the group a lead big enough for us to lose them at a T-shaped junction. 
Tina said, “Left. They're heading for a boiler room.”
We followed Tina's direction down a set of four steps and another set farther down to a landing. The boiler room door was a reinforced steel model with an oversized, locking lever. I pulled. It wouldn't budge.
“Let me try.” Jason started to push me out of the way, but Celeste moved him instead.
She grabbed the handle with both hands, yanked downward. The lever protested with a metallic squeal. At the edge of the door, the latching mechanism broke apart. Celeste pulled back and the door opened with a rush of humid air.
We stepped onto a catwalk that was, aside from us, empty. Lights in the room were low. With the exception of the rumble of machinery and the occasional hiss of steam, the room was quiet. I ventured a glance over the rail and detected no movement on the floor below us.
“They're hiding.” Tina whispered behind me, “Only two guards remain.”
“Hello?” I called out to them. I received no reply, so I tried again, “We're here to help you escape. Michael? Are you down there?” I swallowed my anticipation, “Bree?”
“Hunter?” Michael's voice responded.
“It's me. You all might want to hurry.”
“Halt. No one is leaving.” A guard commanded somewhere out of sight. Sounds of a struggle reached me, men grunting and growling. The conflict ended with a sickening thump. They ran up the stairs, my people in their hideous gray jumpsuits. 
Michael came first. He hugged me and slapped me hard on the back and tousled my hair. In his hand was a pistol he had apparently obtained from a guard they left downstairs.
I told him, “Don't get too excited. We aren't out of danger yet.”
The ragtag group was comprised of people of all ages from kids to a lady who was probably someone's missing grandmother. I recognized several people from the compound, some from my days of working for the Center. I could tell who knew who I was by the way they looked at me. Luckily, no one called me out for my crimes against my own.
I spotted Bree toward the rear of the group. She refused to make eye contact with me, but I didn't care. She was alive.
“They're coming.” Tina's eyes widened with fear.
A posse of about ten men greeted us in the corridor as we prepared to leave the boiler room. They positioned themselves, a trio on each level of the floor and their leader near the back. His black hair was slicked back, and he wore a suit, which signified a rank higher than the run of the mill enforcer commanders. He was likely the same hierarchy level as Gideon, a supervisor or a position of the like.
He spoke with authority, “You will relinquish your weapons and allow yourself to be taken into custody. Those of you who did not break the rules of your own volition will be permitted to return to your rooms with no consequence.”
“He talks too much.” Jason, who had just stuffed shells into his shotgun, shoved into the door and began firing. Celeste, Tina and Michael backed him up.
I was forced to use the Uzi again. The unruly thing never would have been my first choice as a weapon in the confines of the corridor. I sent out a spray of bullets, which proved very effective but short-lived. I concentrated my fire on the supervisor, mowing him down on my second pass and exhausting my ammunition in the process. I hurled the gun into the hall out of frustration.
“I'm out.” Celeste fell back.
Tina cried out in pain. She handed her gun off to the guy behind her. Blood seeped between her fingers over the wound on her bicep as she pushed back through the crowd. They would have her healed in no time.
Jason was running low on shells. We were going to be in a bad spot if we couldn't eliminate the remaining three guards outside. Their Kevlar vests weren't helping, neither was the fact that they had more guns than we did.
“Suggestions?” I asked the group behind us.
I got nothing. They shook their heads. Some of the younger girls wiped tears from their eyes.
Tina, who was being healed, raised her head, “More are coming.”
“Shit.” I gripped the catwalk railing, listening to the sounds of our last bullets being blasted away.
Make them count.
Celeste walked up to me, “What are we going to do?”
“They didn't bring the anomalies down here to keep them safe. They chose this room, so they could corner us.”
“This is why I didn't want to rescue other people. We could've been out of here.” Jason shouted to be heard over gunfire. 
The pace of the shooting on both sides waned. The enforcers would wait until they eroded our defenses, and then they would move in. 
I told Celeste, “I'll have to ravage the remaining men. Pair each anomaly that could be affected with a healer. Putting Jason with Tina worked before.”
“That didn't go well last time.” She reminded me. 
The second ravaging Tina was exposed to had done more damage than the first, despite Jason's healing. Repeated exposure caused more damage. Gideon experienced that particular unpleasantness at the farmhouse during his fourth exposure in a matter of days. However, that concern wouldn't affect the majority of our escape party. We would have to worry most about Tina.
“Forty seconds,” Our resident psychic warned.
I addressed the group, “How many of you aren't healers or ravagers?”
Twelve people raised their hands, including a pale girl of about eight years old. I ran my hand through my hair at the sight of her. I suddenly didn't feel good about the plan, but it was all I had.
“I'm going to ravage the guards outside. It's going to affect anyone who isn't a healer or a ravager. It's the only way we're getting out.”
“Is it going to hurt?” A lanky teenage girl with braids asked.
I nodded, “Yes. But the choices are minutes of pain and sickness or a lifetime in this hellhole. We have healers who can tend to you right away.”
A chorus of static from radios and heavy footfalls reached us. Enforcers kicked aside the bodies of their fallen comrades for optimum positioning. They made a wall of gun barrels on three levels of floor, hurled demands and warnings in our direction, competing with each other as if whoever made the most compelling argument for our surrender won a prize. Then came the time limit.
A baritone voice rose above the others, “Ten seconds.”
The girl with the braids nodded, “Do it.”
“Carry her.” I pointed to the little one. “We're going out running. If anyone doesn't want to go or feels like you won't make it, you can stay here.”
“Five seconds.” 
I added, “Pick up their weapons. The more armed we are, the better.”
I closed my eyes, took a deep breath. The sickness was always there, always waiting to get out and wreak some havoc. I only needed to call upon it and hope it didn't break loose. I sent a controlled burst into the hallway. Most of the enforcers collapsed, some of them convulsing and rolling down the stairs they'd just been kneeling on. I hoped I never lost my ability to be disturbed by what I could do.
“Go.” I said.
Jason led the charge. He rushed forward, over the dead and the ailing to grab their weapons. Others followed his lead, arming themselves and suddenly, we were a force to be reckoned with, a mob. 
We wound our way back through the corridors, to the stairs and up into the common room from which we'd come. No one met us along the way. In fact, our path was weirdly devoid of resistance. The Center security forces were dwindling. The thought sent a fresh wave of euphoria through me. We could be free. We were free, almost.
“How are we working the rescue of the high risks?” Jason asked. “We can't take all of these people with us.”
“Good point.” We stopped near the hall leading to the front door.
A voice came over the intercom, “Hunter Tomlinson? You are so very dead. Anomalies, hallway two.”
The voice gave me a chill. I knew it well. I'd heard threats from him more times than I could count. Gideon. No matter how many enemies we defeated in battle, he would always be the most intimidating. I associated him with all the negativity the Center had to offer. He was a crony, a bully. He represented everything they could do to me.
“Come and get me!” I taunted the speaker mounted to the ceiling. I turned to my people and raised the rifle I'd commandeered from my oppressors, “They have more of us locked up in the high security wing. You have a choice. Leave if you want. Come with me if you're ready for a fight.”
A cheer went up among all parties involved. Those who were affected by the ravaging were already recovering, including the little girl. 
I said to Michael, “Head for the front door. I want them off the property. Keep the ones who need help nearby. Stash them somewhere they'll be safe - a park or maybe an empty building. If we don't come out, make sure they get home. Celeste, help them with the gate and the door. They should be ok once they're in the lobby.”
Michael asked, “What about you?”
“Let's hope I get some volunteers.”
We split into two groups - the liberated and the rescuers. Jason stayed behind, claiming he had nothing better to do. I think he just enjoyed having the opportunity to shoot people. Tina also refused to leave. Her bullet wound was ancient history. I was glad to have her. A ravager named Caleb joined us, as did Bree.
“I'm not sure this is the right choice for you,” I told Bree.
“They said my brother was dead.” She locked eyes with me, “I know you killed him.”
We didn't have time for drama, but I also didn't want to make light of her brother's demise.
“It was him or me. I had no choice.”
She nodded, “Well, I'm not here for you. I just want to make that clear.”
She hadn't made up her mind whether to hate me. I wanted to remind her that she had wronged me, too. In fact, she almost got me killed by ratting me out to Llewyn and Vic. Her action directly led to my confinement and the subsequent attempt on my life.
“Where's the high security area?” I asked the group.
My cohorts shook their heads and/or shrugged.
“Fan-friggin'-tastic. No one knows where we're going?” Jason let a burst of laughter, “Maybe we should just wander around or ask directions.”
“Tina?”
She closed her eyes and concentrated, “It must be too far for me to see from here.”
“We need a computer. I can find out where it is.” Bree offered.
The only computers I had seen were in the security stations. We went to the booth closest to us. Celeste returned a couple of minutes later to find us unsuccessfully attempting to gain entry. She smashed the lock off with ease.
Bree sat into the office chair and put her hand over the mouse, “This isn't even password protected. Cocky bastards, aren't they?”
She opened a window to search by patient name.
Jason snorted, “Patients? That's what they're calling us now?”
“That's what we are to the rest of the world. We are in a mental asylum.” I said, “Whose name are you using?”
“Mitchell Wills. He was a guardian at the compound. I saw them take him alive, but he never showed up in our area. They must've put him in high risk.”
“Shouldn't you be in the high risk area?” I asked Jason. “I'm no shrink, but you seem like the type they might want to keep an eye on.”
“No one ever sees a healer as a potential threat. They assume we're all sunshine and moonbeams. I like when they make assumptions.” He grinned.
Bree linked the patient file to a location on a map and hit print. The printer on top of the filing cabinet next to Celeste sprang to life. She snatched the paper when it finished.
“This is on the other side of the building.”
The map didn't have blueprint-level detail, but it would get us to the right area. Security stations were marked. Rooms were displayed as empty rectangles with no labels.
“Do you think the fact that no one has attempted to apprehend us in the last few minutes is weird? There was no one to stop the others from escaping, either.” Celeste noted.
“They're running out of men.” I guessed. “Or they're waiting to ambush us with whatever firepower they have left. Probably both.”

 
Chapter 19
 
We spent the first portion of our walk on high alert, checking around corners before continuing on, glancing over our shoulders. Like every room we passed, the security booths were empty, the gates left unlocked.
“Where did everyone go? Did they abandon ship or what?” Jason asked.
A common area sat unused with empty furniture and drawn shades. The next open door revealed a conference room with no conference inside. A lacquered table waited for a meeting.
Caleb stuck his head inside, “Reminds me of the part of the horror movie right before the zombies swarm.”
“It’s Gideon. He has that effect on people.” For the fifth time in ten minutes, I checked my gun to make sure it was loaded and the safety was off. “This is probably part of his plan. He’s trying to rattle us.”
“Who's Gideon?” Jason signaled for us to wait to cross a hallway junction, then moved on.
“My old boss. I used to work for the Center, sort of.”
The lack of activity on the part of our enemies made me even more nervous. At least when they shot at us, I knew where they were. This anticipation was worse.
Tina asked, “Doing what?”
I felt Bree glaring at me. She was waiting for me to say the wrong thing so she could jump down my throat. Her participation in our rescue had nothing to do with any feelings she might have previously had for me. Whatever digs she could get in would be a bonus for her.
“I would cruise the internet for people like us and get them to admit what they were.”
“Like how?”
“They would post on message boards or join groups they thought were secret. Sometimes I had to get to know them better before they would tell me.”
“He means that he pretended to be their friend. Right, Hunter?” Bree interjected.
“In a way, but I spent most of my time alone so, I guess part of me wanted to believe we were friends.” I looked over at her. She moved farther ahead of me in a huff.
Jason changed the subject, “So what might Mr. Gideon have up his sleeve?”
“Anything.” Celeste thumbed the hammer on the gun in her hands. “He is an evil man.”
“He'll throw what he has left at us. He doesn't usually do much fighting himself. Doesn't like to be too involved with the dirty work. He used tear gas on me, recently. That was delightful.” My throat itched at the memory of the last time I encountered it, at the temple with everyone screaming and shooting through the smoke. I shook it off, “Getting anything yet, Tina?”
“Nope. Just stillness. Maybe they're out rounding up the escapees.”
“Not all of them. Gideon would keep some men for himself.”
“I'd like to take a couple shots at him for Vic and the mother.” Bree muttered as she poked her gun into an office door. She must have become acquainted with him during my stint in isolation.
“The mother?” Caleb asked.
“Her name was Llewyn. She was a cult leader who collected people like us for sacrifice. Long story, trust me.” I cringed because I knew what was coming. I should've been more careful with my wording.
Bree jabbed her gun into my face, “How dare you! We were not a cult. Do not deny him the truth.”
“Whoa!” Jason lowered the gun and took it from her hand, “We're all friends here, remember?”
I said, “Bree, she was crazy.” 
“I know you saw what I saw. They weren't hallucinations. Just because you disagreed with her methods doesn't automatically mean that she has a mental problem. You're the one with the problem. You can't handle what you are, so you hide from it.”
“Give us a second, will you?” I asked Jason and Celeste.
Jason complained, “Great, now we have to wait for these two. I'd like to see sunlight on my first day of freedom. We won’t get out of here until midnight at this rate.”
“We can afford a minute or two.” Celeste countered.
I pulled Bree into a room - a lounge with a kitchenette that smelled of burnt coffee and microwave dinners. She crossed her arms and sat against the edge of a table. I closed the door but not all the way.
“Why did you come with us?”
She shrugged, “To save the others.”
“I don't buy that story. Did you want to make a point? Take revenge for your brother? What? Give me the real deal or I'm going to stash you in a closet.”
Her mouth dropped open, “You'd better not if you know what's good for you.”
“Or what?”
Bree shrugged and stared at the floor. Somewhere under that bitterness, her sweet nature still existed.
“Why did you have to kill him? I don't understand why he couldn't be taken prisoner like the others.” She wiped a tear from her cheek.
“He stabbed me in the back.” I pointed to the spot where I still wore a bandage under my shirt. “Literally. It was either him or me. I chose me.”
If we spoke in the future, I might go into more detail about what happened when he and his guardian friends beat the crap out of me and then took me to Llewyn for an under the cover of night murder. Right then, I needed everyone who had come with me on board, and I needed them to be armed, which meant trusting her with a gun.
I also gave a crap about the way she felt. I shouldn't have, given our circumstances. We could easily be enemies.
“I'm sorry.” I moved closer to her. “If I had a way to end it without killing him, I would have.”
“What about the mother? She wasn't strong like Vic. You killed her.”
Llewyn had messed with my head in so many ways. She made me doubt my sanity, tried to kill me more than once. The world was better off without her, but Bree idolized her.
“Her name was Llewyn, and she was no one's mother.”
“How can you give up all our potential? We could've been part of something bigger than ourselves. What if we can't resurrect the Divine Ones without her?”
I could only hope.
“I want you to forget about that whole business with Maructe and Ekash. No good can come of their resurrection.”
“Forget them? We are them. I can't just forget.”
“What do you think would happen if Maructe did come to life? He could spread disease on a whim, probably on a grand scale. He's a danger to humanity.”
More tears brimmed in her eyes, “What has humanity ever done for me?”
I put my arms around her and held her close, “You don't need Maructe or Llewyn or Vic.”
“They were the only family I had. What am I supposed to do without them?”
“Stick with me. Maybe we can find some direction together.”
Jason announced, “I am officially walking away in ten seconds. Nine, eight...”
She let me lead her from the room by her hand.
“Finally! Jesus. I thought we were going to grow old out here.”
I took Bree's gun from Jason and handed it back to her, “You aren't going to shoot me, right?”
“Probably not today.” She smiled.
Confidence grew in us the farther we moved without being attacked. I started to wonder if maybe they really had abandoned ship. Having the place all to ourselves removed much of my fear of it.
We came to a makeshift infirmary. Beds outfitted with medical equipment lined the walls. There were no curtains between them, no walls to block the view of patients from passersby in the hall.
Breed commented, “So much for privacy.”
Such was Center life. Nothing was really your own, not even your body. To them, we were animals they were tasked with corralling.
A metal object clanged against the floor in the next hallway. We ran toward the sound. A terrified man in scrubs fumbled with a door and then disappeared behind it. He had dropped a medical tray of surgical instruments without bothering to pick it up.
“The doctors are hiding.” Caleb said.
“They're all hiding.” I envisioned doctors and nurses, office personnel, janitors, huddled before security monitors displaying transmissions from cameras following our every move. The quiet was an illusion.
“Should we go after him?” Jason looked almost longingly at the door. Our mission had grown too dull for him.
“Just let him go. He wasn't armed.”
The clink of glass hitting the floor came from behind us. I turned, looking past my group to a cracked hole in the pane.
“Everybody get down!” I shouted as several more bullets pierced the glass. We dropped and crawled to a spot beneath the windows.
“Are we okay? Did anyone get hit?”
“I think my head hurts.” Caleb stared at a splotch of blood on his hand.
Tina, who sat on the other side of him, gasped. Her face paled like she might faint.
“Jason, take care of it.” I motioned for Bree and Celeste to cover them on one side. Tina and I would watch the other direction.
“You’re lucky.” Jason said, “If that shot had flown in a hair to the left, your ass would be grass. I can't heal the dead. Must be an inexperienced gunman out there. Be thankful.”
“I am,” Caleb’s face was slack with terror. The pistol rattled in his trembling hands.
“Guards are coming. Ten seconds.” Tina warned.
“Which way?”
She pointed down the section of hall the two of us faced. We had nothing to hide behind. If we went back the way from which we'd come, we risked another round from the snipers. We could run back to the infirmary, but there were windows there, too. The only path that seemed acceptable was onward, closer to the high security area.
“What's the plan?” Jason wiped Caleb's blood from his hand onto his pants.
“A suggestion that doesn't open us up to snipers would be extremely helpful.” We wouldn't get that lucky a second time.
“Maybe we could rush into them shooting.” Jason offered.
Bree asked, “Ravaging?”
“Tina isn't one of us. It will affect her.”
“Do it. Don't worry about me.”
Caleb said, “You've already been hit today, back in the basement. You'll be more susceptible if we hit you again. If Jason can't bring you back, you could die.”
“Actually, she's been through three ravages so far today. Is there any way we can better protect her?”
“Not that I know of. I've just seen that the effect gets worse. Let's just say the family dog didn't appreciate my practice when I was a kid.”
“Five seconds.” She updated us. “We have Jason.”
“No, Caleb's right. I don't want to risk it. Ravaging has to be our absolute last line of defense. Celeste, you and I will rush in shooting. Jason, stay with Tina and the others. If I don't make it out, go ahead with the rescue plan.”
Everyone agreed. It wasn't a great strategy, but it was something.
The two of us remained bent below the windows as we rushed into impending danger. Celeste told me to stay behind her. I was happy to do so, although trying to see around her wings was a challenge. We were approaching the back of the building, where the hall made a left. I could tell already that the lights around the corner were off.
When we were a couple of yards away, a metal canister rolled into view. My stomach dropped into my gut. Tear gas or something worse, and all I could think was not again. Anything but that. 
Celeste didn't even hesitate. She stuck her arm around the corner and started shooting past the growing fog.
Gas swirled around me. Somehow, even though I was doing my best not to breathe, I could taste it. I stifled the urge to gag.
Muzzles flashed in the dark. I couldn't tell how many men were in there. A bullet whizzed by. Kneeling, I plastered myself against the wall, covered my face with my arm and prayed they couldn’t see any better than I could, which was not really at all. I turned to see how Celeste was faring. She had vanished.
There were a couple of hard thump sounds. A man with a cracked gas mask landed face-down in front of me. I aimed my gun into the darkness once more. I didn't want to shoot randomly for fear I might inadvertently hit Celeste.
A gloved hand grabbed me by my shoulder to haul me up. I was face-to-face with a mask. His other hand raised a gun to hit me. I put my pistol where I estimated his jaw was and pulled the trigger. He jolted back, blood splattering. The gunfire paused. The hiss of tear gas fell silent.
I managed to cough out her name, “Celeste?”
The urge to hack the toxin from my lungs overwhelmed me, and I went to my hands and knees, dropping my weapon as I went. My body convulsed so violently with the effort to expel the toxins from my body that I was sure they had attacked with something more potent than tear gas.
From the thinning fog, a shadow emerged to land a crushing blow to my face. Blackness. Shouting. I still couldn't breathe. Gunfire erupted above me, combat boots all around, people running. I reached for wakefulness only to tumble back into the void. I forced my eyes open to blazing pain and a warped version of a ceiling and the walls meeting it. I tried to say Celeste's name, but fell back, back onto the cool tile floor.
Lights flickered on miles above my head.
Jason loomed over me, “I don't know. I think he looked better the other way.”
The pain dissipated. I sat up. The tear gas was gone. Bodies of guards lay all around. Blood puddled beneath them and splattered the walls.
Celeste sat next to me, catching her breath. She cradled her arm.
“What happened?”
She replied, “The plan worked, sort of.”
“How long was I out?”
“Long enough for us to finish your job and for me to fix the place where that guy,” Jason pointed to the dead guard lying on the floor next to me, “smashed in part of your skull. I'm pretty sure he crushed the upper portion of your left eye socket. What did it feel like?”
“Like he knocked my head off. Celeste, you good to move?”
She nodded, “I may move a bit slower for a while. I can get through it.”
Jason offered his hand to pull me to my feet, “She did most of the work, just so you know.”
“She usually does.”
Celeste smiled over her shoulder at me.
No one else our side had suffered any injuries with that round of fighting. However, nearly fifteen men were killed.
The aftermath of the violence nauseated me. The bloodshed, the body count was eating away at my conscience. I never had a killer instinct. I made the avoidance of conflict almost a mantra in my old life, not just because of the possibility I would inadvertently cause harm just by losing my temper. I was subjected to enough negativity when I was growing up. I wanted no part of a fight. Battling the Center went against my grain. 
Luckily, we encountered no more enforcers before we found the door to the high security area. We probably could've identified it without using the map to confirm we were in the right place. It was a thick, steel number outfitted with both a hand scanner and a retina scanner for the lock. Celeste moved forward to inspect the door. She brushed her hand on the metal surface.
“I can't force this open. It's too big.”
Jason threw up his hands in exasperation, “You got the boiler room door. How much more difficult could this be?”
“What if we shoot this lock off?” I leveled the pistol at the retina scanner.
“No!” Tina stopped me. “The lock is three cylinders that act as a deadbolt. If you destroy the scanners, there's no way to open the door.”
“That’s right, scum. Your rampage ends here.” Gideon's voice came over the intercom.
I addressed the security camera near the door, “We just want to get our people. Open the door.”
His laughter echoed in the halls, “Do you have any idea how much damage you’ve done? How long replenishing our security forces will take? You're a menace, and as soon as Owen and the men we have left finish recapturing the fugitives outside, they're going to come in here and shoot to kill.”
“You tried that. It didn't work. I should say the guys who took orders from you tried. Not in the mood to use the hands-on approach, princess?”
“I've been watching you. I have enough sense to know when to keep a low profile.”
I asked Tina, “Can you search for someone who can get us through this door?”
She nodded, “I'll try.” After seconds of concentration, she opened her eyes. The expression she wore was one of uncertainty.
I asked, “What is it?”
She glanced at the security camera and then pulled me away. She whispered, “That man talking to you on the intercom...”
“Gideon. He's my old supervisor.”
“I found him in a room with security monitors.”
“Where?”
She pointed around the corner to the right. Celeste and I looked. Down the hall was a green door. 
She asked, “He's in there?”
“Yes.”
“Can he unlock the door to the high security room?”
“Probably.”
She strode into the hallway with no fear of the snipers or any traps Gideon may have set. We went after her with more caution than she had demonstrated, keeping low and scanning our surroundings continuously as we moved. After a quick assessment, Celeste tried the knob. It was locked. She turned to the rest of us standing behind her.
“He will shoot. Are you ready?”
We aimed our guns. Celeste kicked twice, ripping the door from the frame. Gunshots erupted from within the room.
“Don't kill them!” I shouted over the din. I figured Nigel was with Gideon because he was almost always with Gideon. I hadn't seen him among any of the crews we tangled with previously.
Celeste ducked inside, and we heard a series of thuds as she disarmed them. Seconds later, she emerged holding a squirming Gideon by the back of his jacket. Nigel came out on his own. Caleb twisted Nigel's arm behind his back to restrain him.
“Ow. Not necessary.”
Celeste hauled Gideon back toward the door to the high security area, slamming him into the wall when he struggled. The sight of him getting manhandled brought joy to my spirit. She forced his face to the retina scanner and slapped his palm on the hand scanner. The light over the display turned red.
“Do it right.” She pulled his head back and thrust it forward again.
“Jesus, you're going to crush my freakin' eye.”
“I will crush more than that if you do not cooperate. My patience with you ended days ago.”
“You aren't very compassionate for an angel.”
“Gouging out his eye and chopping his hand off would make this whole process easier.” Jason suggested.
Gideon cast a horrified look at me, then went back to the scanner. The light over the display lit green, and the locking cylinders retracted. This was it. All we had to do was go in and release the prisoners from holding. Celeste shoved him aside where Jason caught him.
Gideon grabbed my arm, “You need to think about what you're about to do. These anomalies are in high security containment for a reason. They've either committed crimes or proven themselves to be a threat to the general public in some other way. They're the bad ones.”
I pulled away from him, “I have no reason to believe anything you say.”
The high security area was a long room with glass-front cells on two sides. Row stacked upon row in a corridor reminiscent of prison movies, complete with iron catwalks. The place smelled weirdly antiseptic. I approached the nearest cells. Each had a cot, a toilet, a sink, and a shower stall that offered little in the way of privacy. 
My fellow anomalies watched us enter. They looked haunted, gaunt, depressed, like animals in a bad zoo. There were men and women, young and old. Most of our people were here. I could tell by the number of cells visible to us. 
Gideon would've put me there with the rest of them. Witnessing the conditions made the threat even more offensive. It wasn't much better than a death sentence. 
I had to admit that some of them looked a bit rough around the edges - a grizzled biker-type guy with thin gray hair and a flaming skull tattoo on his neck. A punk with a buzz haircut gnawed on what was left of his fingernails while eying Tina like he wanted to eat her for breakfast. He rocked back and forth on his cot eagerly.
“Which ones have committed crimes?”
“Against nature? All of them.” Gideon broke free of Jason's grasp, which didn't matter. We had the door open. He wasn't armed. There was really nothing he could do to stop us.
“What you consider dangerous and what I consider dangerous are two different things. I guess I should just let all of them go, then.”
At those words, every caged anomaly within earshot approached the fronts of their cells. The punk practically jumped out of his skin. A too-skinny girl in the cell closest to me put her fingers on the glass between us.
“No, don't.” Nigel cut in, “Some of them are more dangerous than others. That ravager,” He pointed to the punk, “murdered his mother and his two sisters and burned their condo and the neighbor's condo to the ground.”
“He stays. Bree, could you hop on that computer?” I pointed to a terminal on the section of wall right next to the first cell. Monitors displayed some of the prisoners, a game of solitaire, what looked like a calendar, and one offered a command line interface with a blinking cursor. “We'll do a case by case rescue.”
“Are you kidding? We're dead lucky we made it this far. The rest of security will be here at any moment.” Jason peered into the hall. 
“Go if you want. You've done more than enough. That goes for all of you.”
“We'll watch the door.” Caleb moved to stand with Jason. No one took me up on the offer of leaving.
Nigel told Bree, “I'm familiar with the most dangerous people. I'll assist you.”
“Traitor.” Gideon muttered like a spoiled child.
“Better than us opening all the doors, Gid.” I looked over to Bree, “Unlock this one.” I motioned to the cell containing the skinny girl. 
The door gave a clank, and slid open.
“You aren't dangerous, right?” I asked her.
Wide-eyed, she vigorously shook her head no.
“Good deal. I need the space for someone who is.” I pushed Gideon toward the cell.
He resisted, “Oh hell no, you don't.”
“Hell yes, I do.” I pushed him inside. “It's about time you got a taste. Don't worry, your buddies will come along and let you out eventually.”
At the computer, Bree manned the keyboard while Nigel explained the various high risk classifications.
“Level 1s have the potential for violence because of their lack of control over their abilities, but they haven't necessarily displayed any violent tendencies.” 
Bree ran a report listing prisoners, sorted by their level classifications. The vast majority of them were part of that category, which meant that most of the anomalies being held weren't guilty of anything but being different. The list went on for several screens. My blood ran hotter with each screen she scrolled past.
“I want them all out.”
“I can unlock the doors from here. All they have to do is walk.”
“Do it.”
A click of the mouse sent forth a symphony of clanks accompanied by echoes. It was the sound of freedom, but no one moved. Catwalks remained empty. Had they become so docile? The thought sickened me.
I spotted an intercom microphone nearby, picked it up and pressed the button, “Testing.” My voice boomed from overhead speakers. “If your door opened, you can come out. We're here to free you.”
The delay between my announcement and movement on their part caused me to wonder whether the doors had malfunctioned. Maybe no one was willing to leave. Maybe they feared further punishment, a downgrade to Level 2 or 3. What would that entail?
Then, one of them emerged and a second followed and soon, a bunch of them appeared from somewhere around a corner. They all wore jumpsuits similar to the ones I'd seen the low risk detainees wear, but these were cobalt blue. A sea of blue. They filed down the catwalk stairs, out the door. 
“Maybe one of us should go with them.” Jason said as they walked by.
As timid as they'd been moments prior, they didn't seem eager to await our direction. They passed us, talking, laughing, hugging. They weren't afraid. 
“They'll be okay.” I decided they didn't need us anymore.
There were so many - ravagers, pushers, healers, psychics like Tina, whatever else - all the guns in the city couldn't have contained them, not if they stuck together like we had. We created an army by opening doors.
I caught Bree smiling admiringly up at me from the desk chair. If anything made up for my transgressions against her loved ones, this liberation was it. We watched the migration for a couple of minutes before facing the computer once again.
Nigel went on, “Level 2s are more questionable in terms of behavior. They've been caught committing petty crimes - stealing or other mischief. We have some addicts in the mix.”
“Doesn't sound like too much danger there.”
His brow furrowed, “Depends. Imagine a crack addict with the ability to ravage. He gets riled up; he can afflict an entire neighborhood.”
“Good point.” 
Where do we draw the line? Everyone awaited my answer. I had never intended to make these kinds of decisions. Barking orders during combat came relatively easily compared to passing judgment on who should be allowed to go free.
I put my hands on the desk and leaned forward to get a better view of the monitor, “Can we tell who's done what?”
Bree replied, “I can open each file, but we have fifty all together. Reviewing them could take a while.”
We were pushing our luck remaining there for so long.
“Do you see any names you know from the compound?”
More scrolling, “Yes, some.”
“Let them go.”
“Gladly.” The next keystrokes were made with gleeful flourish.
“You said you knew which anomalies were the worst. Tell me who should stay.” I looked to Nigel again for answers. Trusting him was not an ideal course of action, but I could practically feel gunmen moving in on us. The rest of my team exhibited a similar level of anxiety over our delay. Jason and Caleb fidgeted at the entrance to the wing. Even Celeste seemed agitated.
Nigel crossed his arms, “How about a deal? We keep the drug addicts, the mentally disturbed and the murderers and attempted murderers. You get everyone else.”
“And you just happened to know who they are off the top of your head?”
“Yes.”
“How do the rest of you feel about that?” I asked the others, Celeste especially. She nodded.
Jason piped up from his position at the door, “We feel like we need to get the hell out of here. In the next sixty seconds, I'm done. I won't be the schlub who got collared because he hung out longer than he should have.”
“Do it.” I said.
I backed off to give Nigel and Bree room to work, and they did so quite efficiently. Minutes later, we heard another round of opening doors. Unlike the first wave, these prisoners didn't give anyone a chance to think twice about their release. They of the yellow jumpsuits bolted, down the stairs from the catwalks, down the central corridor, some of them high-fiving Jason and Caleb as they exited. The group was less than half the size of the first.
Nigel turned from the computer to address me, “None of the Level 3s are fit for release. They have all taken a life or caused irreparable harm.”
I asked Bree, “How many Level 3s are there?”
“About twenty. He's right, Hunter. I spot checked some of their files. They're very bad people.”
“Good enough for me. I vote we bail.” Jason stepped outside the door. Caleb went with him.
“Ok.” With that, without giving each person a chance like I would've liked to, I handed them what was probably a life sentence in confinement. I felt like a giant asshole. “Come on, Nigel. You have to get in the cell with Gideon.”
“Fine bit of appreciation.” He crossed his arms. 
“I'm going to hazard a guess that the only people who know we're in here are you and Gideon. Otherwise, we would've had security breathing down our necks by now. I'm going to ask politely before I drop this civility we've developed. Pretty please, with a cherry on top, will you get into the cell with Gideon?”
He clenched his fists at his side and stormed over. Bree unlocked the door. Celeste stood nearby to insure neither of them made a run for it.
Gideon smacked the glass as he spoke to me, “Don't you dare think this is the end of our dance, Tomlinson. I won't stop until you're standing where I am now. I swear on my mother's grave.”
I clucked at him disapprovingly, “Your mother's grave? That's not very nice at all.”
Nigel flopped down on the bed to await his release. He lay back and laced his fingers behind his head, and I swore I detected a twitch of a grin.
“Thanks, Nige. I appreciate your good sense.”
He raised two fingers in a sort of wave.
Across from us, the punk in the cell, one of the Level 3s who didn't get released leaned against the glass. Our eyes met. He made a throat cutting gesture with his thumb across his neck. He licked the inside of the door.
“Yeah, that's exactly why you're staying.” 
I wanted to thank him for removing any doubt I may have had about my decision to leave them in Center custody.
The six of us dashed down the hall, cheering and whooping all the way. Jason fired off a couple of victory rounds but was quickly discouraged from the reckless behavior by several members of our party. We talked about going out for drinks and shared ideas about what we would do with our newfound freedom. Caleb and Tina talked about leaving the country for some tropical destination, not a bad idea. 
We stuck to the stairwells, afraid that the elevator might somehow trap us inside. We would have to go through a maintenance garage to get to the west parking lot where, if our good fortune held out, a getaway driver and a van would be waiting. We had taken so long getting out that I had no idea what we might find out there.
No one guarded the maintenance garage. Gleaming, black cars and SUVs in various states of repair sat in mechanic bays. I stopped at a pegboard on which hung key rings on hooks. They were marked with numbers.
“Who wants a car?”
The escapees each snatched a set of keys. I took one in case my escape plan was compromised.
“We can use the key fobs to find which cars they go to.” Bree jingled the keys in her hand.
I told them, “They all have GPS tracking. I recommend you exchange them for different transportation as soon as possible.”
“Gladly!” Caleb said, “I do not have a fond memory of the truck they brought me here in. Handcuffs for days. A couple of beatings. Dicks.”
“They're outside.” Tina stopped us, “Several enforcers. Snipers. In the parking lot.” While her ability was helpful, she was killing the freedom high.
“No chance in hell they're stopping me now.” I bolted into bright sun that warmed my face. I had been inside far too long.
People ran everywhere, our people in their jumpsuits, doctors, nurses, Center security. A man, a healer, I had seen at the compound lay in blood from a bullet hole in his head. 
A figure stood out in the crowd - a broad-shouldered professional wrestler-sized commander I recognized. Owen. He turned as if he sensed I was behind him. He brought up his gun - a chrome-plated magnum that glinted in the daylight. He spoke into a radio on his shoulder.
“Snipers, hold fire.”
My crew came to a halt behind me.
“We just want to go.”
“You could've worked with us. You murdered my friends today. Those men had families.” His voice strained with rage.
“We didn't ask to be brought here. We were all abducted, every one of us. Tell me you wouldn't have done the same thing if our situations were reversed.”
Muscles in his jaw flexed as he clenched his teeth. He was weighing his options. He didn't want to kill me; I could tell. We fought together to quell a threat that was greater than both of us. Guys like him didn't forget that. After what I'd done in our effort to escape, what the people I led had done, he needed a reason to let me go.
The radio on his shoulder let a burst of static and then a voice said, “Sir, we have the primary targets in our sights. We are awaiting your order to execute.”
Jason spoke to Owen from behind me, “If anyone shoots, I'll ravage this whole city block.” He couldn't really follow through on that threat because he was a healer. What he was doing was tossing out an idea.
“Me, too. If anyone shoots, I'm ravaging everybody.” Caleb picked up on the plan.
Bree added. “I'll do it, too.”
“We all will.” Tina offered.
I stared into my double reflection in Owen's aviator sunglasses. I needed to give him more. The threats weren't enough. How many snipers did he have? Two? Three? More? Maybe he had enough to take us all down at once. I needed to appeal to him in a different way.
“Whether or not you kill me, there are more people like us out in the world. I knew well enough to take care of Llewyn before she gained too much power. Would you sleep easier at night with me watching for people like her? Or would you rather kill me here and have no one who knows what to do or how to handle a similar situation? In some ways that you probably can't see right now, I'm your ally.” It was probably the most ludicrous thing I could have said. Never mind all the guards we just killed. I'm your friend!
“Sir?” The sniper's voice over the radio practically snapped with tension.
Owen kept his eyes on me as he pressed the button to respond, “Stand down.”
“But, sir.”
“Stand down.” He repeated the order in a firmer tone of voice. Then to me, he said, “Go. You screw up; I’ll make hunting you down my personal responsibility.”
I saluted, and we were off once again. Celeste led the way to the white van outside the fence surrounding the parking lot. I threw open the passenger side door to find Teag in the driver's seat. I could barely believe what I was seeing.
“Teag?”
“Took you long enough. I've been sitting here forever.”
“Not that I'm complaining, but why? Management is going to be pissed.”
He shrugged, “What else am I doin'? I never liked them anyway. This feels better, somehow, with the misfits. Besides, if the last week is any indication, you need me.”
The side door slid open, and Celeste hopped in, so did the rest of the team, including Bree. They took seats wherever they could fit among Teag's surveillance equipment.
“Ooh, there's my sexy angel.” Teag said, “My heart ached in your absence.”
A hint of amusement played across her lips.
I asked, “What are you guys doing?”
“I decided I want to come with you.” Bree offered the response cheerily and tossed the keys she'd grabbed onto the sidewalk.
“Did you see the lunacy in that parking lot? I'm not risking my life to look for the specific car that goes with these keys when you have a perfectly good van.” Jason scratched the back of his head with the barrel of his gun. “I don't really know where I'd go, anyway.”
Tina eased it from his hand, “I'm not sure this is a great toy for you.”
“All of you feel that way?”
They nodded, looking almost pitiful. The worst part was that I didn't even know where I was going. I would make a quick trip to my apartment to see if any of my personal belongings remained. After that, who knew? I was getting ready to inform them of that information when Michael jumped into the van.
“What's up, guys?” He yanked the door closed behind him.
“Hey, bro. Good to see they didn't round you up.”
“Not today. There's a news crew out front. They're filming people leaving. I told them everything, about us, about the Center. Everyone is going to know.”
Caleb said, “That could be bad. The world is filled with narrow-minded people.”
“No worries. I have an idea for anybody who wants in.” Michael clapped me on my shoulder.
Teag pulled the van away from the curb. We rolled slowly through the crowd and accelerated when we hit a section of road that was clear of pedestrian traffic. I relaxed back in the seat for a moment to let the feeling settle in. We were free. I put down the window to feel the fresh air against my face.
My breath caught when I spotted the Center SUV in the rear view mirror. I swallowed the knot in my throat.
“Still got those guns?”
“What's up? Teag checked his mirror. He squinted, “Dude, those aren't guards.”
I looked again. People wearing jumpsuits occupied the cab.
Jason, who had risen to look out the back window, said, “There's a couple of them. They're following us.”
I told Michael, “I hope when you said 'anybody who wants in', you really meant anybody. We've hooked some tagalongs.”
“Yeah, I did mean anybody. We'll be just fine.”
 
Epilogue, Two Weeks Later
 
I knew the day of Celeste's departure had arrived when I found her watching the sunrise from the edge of the field behind the house. I observed her for a while, from the window of the second floor of the farmhouse. Every so often a breeze from the southwest would catch the feathers in her wings. She was ready to fly.
She ended up staying longer than I thought she would. After all, she'd accomplished her mission. My life as it stood then would not have been possible without her.
We went to Michael's farm after leaving the Center behind. Many of our fellow anomalies followed. Some of them had quit their jobs and donated all their resources to Llewyn's cult. Others were in Center custody so long, they had no way to support themselves, nowhere to go. 
Using money he'd saved from his days as a faith healer, Michael bought the house and the property across the street, the one in which the girls I'd seen playing in the yard lived. That left no one around for a couple of miles. No one bothered us. No one cared what we did out there in the middle of nowhere.
The combined properties consisted of several acres of farmland and some woods. We had plenty of room to roam and build additional housing. About twenty people had opted to come with us. The land wouldn't go to waste.
Talk of Llewyn was almost nonexistent. With the help of some distance and an opportunity to belong to a family without having to sacrifice one's life, people all but forgot about her and Maructe and Ekash. They became the nightmarish memory no one wanted to bring up.
Days after our escape, Michael, Jason, a couple others and I made a trip to what was left of the compound. The doors were left off the hinges, so getting in was easy. I wanted to burn the building, but Michael talked me out of it for fear the nature preserve would catch fire. Instead, we made a bonfire in the back to destroy every book, every piece of paper we could find, every computer. As far as written records went, the place never existed.
We also discovered Llewyn's living quarters connected to the indoor nature room. She had lived in luxury, bamboo floors, posh king-sized bed surrounded by once meticulously kept plants like orchids and bonsai trees. The stone walls were marked by a pair of waterfalls on either side of the bed.
We burned her clothes in the fireplace and carried larger items out to the bonfire on the back lawn. My goal was to purge as much of her from the Earth as I could.
The morning of Celeste's departure, I found Bree at the kitchen table discussing a plan for crops with Max and Greg. She still got up before me every morning. I kissed her on the cheek. I was happy to have them all there. They were some of the good ones.
Bree and I were moving past our experiences. She let go of Llewyn and even Vic, the fact they weren't good people helping her to go in the right direction. We weren't exactly together, but we would be, when the dust settled. I would be patient for her.
“Coffee's up. We got some donuts.” She informed me without missing a beat in their lively debate about irrigation. 
I poured a cup of coffee, grabbed a glazed donut and headed out to the back porch. Teag stood at the top of a ladder, bolting a security camera near the door. I almost knocked the ladder over as I exited.
“Watch it.”
“Sorry!” I squeezed by him to descend the steps.
Not long after we started really moving in, I asked him why he would he leave his life behind. He wasn't an anomaly. He couldn't work at the Center anymore, obviously, but now that their secret was out, he wasn't in any danger. Management had far larger problems than a rogue techie. He would just shrug and go on about his business. I never really got a straight answer.
I put him in charge of our security system. Thanks to him, we had monitors everywhere. He had also hacked into the same satellite the Center used for long-distance surveillance. We would know if someone was coming before they got anywhere near our homestead.
The Center itself wouldn't be a problem unless we got out of hand. I had spoken to Owen, and we agreed to some terms. Management approved of our rural sanctuary idea. They would probably monitor us when they really felt the need. But they also knew we would defend ourselves. I gave them my word that we would work with them to subdue any situation that might turn into another Llewyn problem. No one wanted that to happen again.
I walked up next to Celeste, “Today is the day, huh?”
She nodded, tears in her eyes, “I want some waffles before I go.”
“No waffles in Heaven?”
She laughed, “Not yet.”
“I'll take you.”
We sat at a booth for two in the town diner and talked about all that we'd been through together since that bizarre moment she landed in my living room. We laughed about her learning to drive, a skill she would probably never use, given that she could fly again. She said she was proud of me. I was proud of her, too. We'd come so far. 
I had gotten used to having her around. I wasn't sure if I could even function in this new life without her. A world without the Center but also without Celeste. How could that place exist?
“The others will expect you to lead them.” She told me.
I shook my head, “I'm not sure I'm fit to lead myself.”
“Yes, you are. You should have seen yourself at the Center. You're very good in a crisis. You'd make a very effective guardian angel.”
“If you say so.”
Later, we stood together in the gravel road in front of the farm house. She had already said goodbyes to Michael and the others. There were hugs all around. Bree cried, despite the fact that she didn't like her at first. 
I started to get choked up as I said, “I don't even know how to adequately thank you. No matter what I said or did, it would never be enough.”
“You saved my life.”
“You saved mine more.”
She relented, “Maybe we saved each other.”
I wanted to tell her that she couldn't leave, but doing so would've been useless. She had no choice. I had no choice but to let her go. She threw her arms around me in a hug.
“Stay out of trouble.” She said.
“I’ll do my best. Stop by if you're in the neighborhood.”
She grinned, “I will do that.”
Celeste stepped away from me and waved. Then she crouched, spread her wings, and launched into the air. In a matter of seconds, she was gone.  
I turned back to the house and toward the future.
 
 
End Pestilence Rising

* * * * * 

Note from the author: 

Thank you for reading Pestilence Rising! I hope you enjoyed reading my book. If you did, I have a second hope that you will consider posting a review. 

Remain awesome, my friends.

- Lea Ryan

www.LeaRyan.com

Other titles by Lea Ryan

What the Dead Fear

Babylon Dragon

Destined for Darkness

Devil in the Branch

Lair of the White Wyrm

Like Clockwork and a Tangled Mind





