







Religious Fangs, a novel
By Roberto Luengo

Published by Roberto Luengo at Smashwords

Copyright 2013 Roberto Luengo

Disclaimer
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording or by any information storage and retrieval system, without written permission from the author, except for the inclusion of brief quotations in a review.


Prologue
Guillem and all his family were profoundly catholic, going to church frequently, participating in all their events, sometimes giving religion classes in the private school his family owned and basically doing anything that was required to make the world a bit of a better place.
He had known his best friends for all his life, all of them lived in the same block, all of them studied in the same high school and now most of them stayed together through college. For him it was not hard finding friends, but it was tough to keep them, most people found hard to understand his devotion to God. That is why he loved so much the few friends he had, each one was so different, but still all of them loved him back unconditionally, it was always hard to find someone that would respect his catholic faith. 
Their friendship grew the most in college, because that is when they started having the same hobby of collecting and playing collectible cards. 
The first to grow as a close friend was Tom. He was a quiet and friendly guy, a bit on the fat side, with short and curly hair and a dark skin tone. He was always around and would talk with anyone he found interesting without any problem. He used to practise a lot of karate when he was younger and would never allow anyone to disrespect him or his friends, he was always the first to go and defend them. Tom was the only one in the group studying biology but worked as a program developer and hardware service.
Through Tom he learned to love both Xavier and Roberto. They had made a very small and weird little society by pooling resources to buy and collect cards, it was weird because of how different the three of them were emotionally and physically. Xavier was way older than both of them, in fact, he is the oldest of the whole group but still managed to look way younger than the others. He was very pale and thin with blond soft hair. He had that feeling of security to his personality that comes with age, but it was strangely mixed with a lot of stubbornness and he always behaved in an extremely agile and energetic way. Roberto on the other hand was very pale as well, but he was as fat as Tom and slightly taller. He was always very direct and honest in his approach to everything he did, never quitted anything until he saw it to the end and always behaved very stubbornly. He was the laziest and most out of shape of them all, but still had a lot of natural strength. Both of them would always leave behind anything they were doing or thinking in order to help their friends and both studied computer science.
Cristobal was a behemoth of a man. They got closer to him through playing cards as well, but he did not study in the same college. Being in a different college never stop him from being there playing and sharing with them all the time he could spare. People usually misunderstood his character because he always seemed to be slow, but that was not the case, he just enjoyed playing dumb. What he did have was the heart of a lion when it came to helping his friends. Slowly he managed to make their friendship stronger even though he always drove Guillem mad with his childish comments.
Last but not least were Edward, Lucio and Maria. The three of them came to his best friends group the last. Edward was a very close friend to Cristobal because they had always being next door neighbours. Very easy to overlook anywhere he went since he had a very unassuming look and enjoyed using suits and other formal clothes. He had dark hair and fair skin colour as well. Very evenly tempered and mildly fit, his was their first option when they needed financial advise to do the taxes. He started working very early in his life and had many contacts everywhere. Lucio was very close to Cristobal as well being his other next door neighbour. Dark skinned and of very short stature, he enjoyed reading anything he could find around and then talking and teaching them all he could to the point of annoying Cristobal all the time, sometimes he made everyone wonder if he was not getting a bit crazier every day with all the weird stuff he spoke about. Finally Maria, another computer science student, she was a tiny girl with dark coloured skin and with the body of a model and big beautifully shaped breasts as well. She enjoyed dressing in a very feminine way that would highlight all her great attributes. Because of the many abusive men and women she met over her life, she had learned to defend herself quite well, having a very quick and acid mind and being extremely fast and nimble. Her interests were drastically different from those of everyone else in the group, she loved dancing and exercising but loved spending time with the group nonetheless, they made her feel understood and in return she gave them her friendship and convinced them sometimes of going out and doing something different. 
Every day his friends would pick him up using both Cristobal and Roberto's cars to go to college, from there some would go study while others would go directly to play or work. But during the day they would always find a way to get together to play and share. The play group included many other people that loved the game as much as they did, but as it happens with most of these games, most of them were very weird in their own way. 
There was a very fat guy named Francisco with very weathered skin and rotten teeth always playing cards, he would always try and hit on every women he saw, but would always get refused and then go back into the game. He started to slowly fantasise that he had crazy powers and did all sorts of weird stuff, it was a lot of fun listening to him how he beat groups of people or seduced many women in his life. As of lately he had somehow gained a small group of young people that followed him everywhere, they probably believed his stories. He even manage to convince one of his female followers to become his girlfriend, she looked like a child and was probably his first girl friend ever. 
There was as well a group of guys that always loved hitting on women, they were not bad looking, but their behaviour was always disgusting making most serious women around them uncomfortable. Having said that they managed to weed out all the crazier girls in the science faculty and always had a few of those girls close to them. They kept asking those girls to try to convince Maria to have a date with them, even going so far as to tell her she should have a relationship with them because they were great fun, but she always saw past their lies and kept refusing to date them or even be seen too close to them. 
There were always a lot of other people, mainly teenagers that became excited with the game and would go all the time to play and believe they were something else, like a wizard or the master of some crazy creatures. There were as well some guys that had lost their girlfriends and lives to the game, looking more like soulless bodies.
It was always a weird and sometimes pathetic spectacle, but something they all enjoyed sharing anyway. 
His life plans only went as far as finishing his history degree in college and then dedicating himself to helping his family and friends to improve themselves spiritually and maybe get more involved in church if that was possible. A lot of people always spoke about leaving Great Colombia, but that was never an option to him. This was his country, where his family and friends lived, so he would never be able to go and leave them behind.
Why did people want to leave the country? Well, that is one of the things that happen when you have many decades of corruption as happens in every third world country, but Great Colombia was more stable than most, the country started as an experiment made by Simon Bolivar back in 1819 by merging a few of the countries of old, the country was divided in three territories or departments which were Venezuela, Cundinamarca and Quito. There have always been a power struggle between all the territories, but the recent presidents managed to achieve a tense state of peace, the capital of the country was Caracas in the Venezuelan territory. The other territories had their capital cities, but every city other than Caracas felt very underdeveloped, to the point that most people travelled to Caracas to work and live there even if that meant living in inhuman conditions. The Cundinamarcan territory had a lot of internal struggle because of a big drug problem and some revel armies that kept the territory in a constant war state. Although underdeveloped, the Quito territory was relatively peaceful. Despite all these problems the country really felt as if it was going to grow into a developed country some day, there were many natural resources, great education at least in the capital and wonderful happy people or so Guillem thought. Life was respected, at least more than in most third world countries, the oil income was so large that the country managed to survive almost exclusively on the income it produced. It should have been more than enough for the country to grow, but somehow the politicians always managed to channel all the excess resources to their little greedy pockets.
There always was a rather large population composed of poor people as well. But at least the education was not all that bad, most of them worked hard and one out of every ten would manage to progress in live. The rest at least managed to live. Having said that, there was a growing anger and resentment in the younger generation and steadily growing crime. But everything was under control or at least that is how it felt to him. Guillem would go frequently to help people in need and share with them a meal, hear their problems and would be usually able to find a way to help them.


The Event
It was a Thursday like any other for Guillem or at least that is what he thought. He woke up at around 6am and prepared to go to college as usual. While getting ready he heard what seemed like a lot of people in the living room talking and it seemed as well that the television was turned on. Intrigued, he finished getting dressed and went out of his bedroom. The voices were coming out of the living room, to get there he just had to walk a very short corridor which connected the bedrooms with the living room and kitchen.
In the living room he found a rather large group of people. He recognised all of them as members of his religious group, having met most of them when he was a child, they were practically his family. There were his ex girlfriend and her family, many that were neighbours and a lot that lived far away. All of them were looking at the morning news very worried.
As soon as his mother saw him get into the living room, she came running to him and gave him a very strong hug, he felt how her mother's arms surrounded him completely. Guillem had always been very thin, even though he measured 172 centimetres of height he looked a lot smaller due to his very weak complexion.
“What is happening mother?”
“They are giving last night's election results. We heard the rumour that if Jesus Cabrera wins, things will get very ugly.” Jesus Cabrera was a candidate to the presidency who had just got out of jail. He looked like any thug you found on the streets of the Great Colombia, skinny, weathered skin with a slight dark tone, brownish hair and of average height. He was famous for kidnapping a group of businessmen after a very poor career as a policeman.
“Well, but it is always like that. Every time something important like this happens there are rumours that everything is going to go to hell. I do not thing we should worry. God has always been with us and I do not think things will change so drastically with the new president whoever he might be.”
“I do not know son. It is always better to prevent. I would prefer if you stayed today here at home, with us. Remember what our friends told us, Cabrera's people have been recruiting them, giving them stuff to gain their support. He has been inflaming their resentment toward everyone and most people believe he is preparing to take over the country.”
“I would love to stay with you mother. But I have a test today at college and I cannot fail to assist. Besides, have more faith in our people, Great Colombians are nice and love to party and have fun. They are not fighters or haters.”
“Today? Why do you have a test today? Are your teachers crazy? And you too, there is a growing darkness in the Great Colombia, the reality of this country is now different and I cannot believe you do not see it. I believe in people sweety, but things are looking very bad and when things get bad people do things they never thought they would ever do.”
“What can you do then? Stay at home all the time? Do not worry, I will take care of myself. If anything happen I will find a way to come back. And have a little faith mother, this country is not like that.”
“Fine.” She said and gave him an even stronger hug. “God be with you and take care of you. Call me every once in a while to know you are still fine.”
“Of course mother.” Answered Guillem.
After he finished talking with his mother, he went to his room to finish getting dressed. It was already too late for college and his friends must be about to go and pick him up.
The street was very quiet, nothing out of the ordinary and hopefully it would stay that way. He waited in front of his house a couple of minutes for his friends until they finally arrived. As usual Roberto was driving his old rusty brown Toyota Land Cruiser from 1986 which he had modified to be slightly more raised from the floor than usual and had a huge bull bar, behind him was Cristobal in his red Suzuki Swift from 1992. 
He boarded Cristobal's Suzuki, there was Edward and Lucio as well. In Roberto's Toyota was travelling Xavier, Maria and Tom.  
After the usual salutations they went to college, they studied in the Central University of the Great Colombia which was probably the best of the country's colleges. It was government financed and open to everyone who wanted to get a career. It was one of those few, but wonderful things the previous governments had done for their country. Obviously there were a lot of people abusing the institution, some of them having already spent up to 15 years in there, but it was a great place nonetheless which gave a lot of low income people an opportunity at education which they would not have had otherwise. 
“Hey kiddos, can you believe people voting for Jesus Cabrera?” Said Lucio.
“There will always be idiots around, I insist that we must have faith in Great Colombian people. I want to believe that after so many years of corruption our people would give some thought about who to put as a president.” Said Guillem.
“I do not like Cabrera, but why should he be any worst than the usual idiots?” Asked Cristobal.
“For once he kidnapped a group of business men a few years ago where he almost caused the death of many people, he is an ex police man and is as ignorant as it gets. Nobody wants to put in the most powerful job in Great Colombia a person like that. You know what that will do to Great Colombia's image to the world? No one will want to come in here and invest money. In fact, I am afraid for my job at the chocolate company.” Said Edward.
“Not only that, but I was studying his career in the police and it could not be worst, the guy has been investigated multiple times by Internal Affairs and has been found guilty of multiple minor crimes on top of that there is a warning in his record regarding his laziness and lack of respect for his superiors. But the problem is that he has managed to link with the poorest people in Great Colombia. I found out as well that he keeps close contact with a few Caribbean islands' leaders and some other people from different countries, there is the rumour that they have plans to take over South America and convert it to communism. You will see, if he gets to power he will start financing his people in other neighbouring countries, the plan is already on its way.” Said Lucio.
“Oh my god Lucio, is that like the stories about vampires, werewolves and other crazy things you follow? Stop with the conspiracy theories.” Said Guillem laughing.
“They are not stories, they are real. You will see. Not only that, there are other worlds and the people from those places is always looking at us and kidnapping people to experiment with them. I am afraid that will happen to me one of these days.”
“Come on, this is too much for the morning. Why don't we talk about cards? Women? Women playing cards? There are a few nice new ladies in the faculty of science now, but they always stay away from us and our game. We should find one for Guillem, she might be able to take away the burning summer he must have down there after all this years without being with a lady.” Said Cristobal smiling. “What about Maria? She is hot.”
“Maria? Tell her anything and she might take your eyes out. Besides, everyone know there is heart between Roberto and her, what we do not understand is what are they waiting for to get together.”
They kept talking all the way to college, but kept trying to avoid any more political matters, it was always a sticky issue to talk about, there were too many rumours everywhere and talking about it would usually make Lucio start going through all of his conspiracy theories. They parked both cars as usual in the baseball stadium and from there each one of them went to their faculties and work places.
The day went by in complete normality. Many people had failed to come into college that day, most probably scared about the election results.  
At noon he had finally had a few minutes free and went to a close coffee shop to study for the test he had that afternoon. There were the usual groups around, one of the most notorious of them was a group of three sisters, Viviana, Veba and Vohemia. They together with their mother were usually called the 'Four Horsewomen of the Apocalypse' within the college, he knew them because Viviana, the younger sister used to study in the faculty of sciences where she caused a lot of conflict by dating multiple people at the same time and making them fight each other, so far she had not been very successful, but some day she was going to cause a tragedy, out of the three she was the tallest with dark hair and slightly brownish skin. The medium sister Veba, studied psychology and it was his understanding she used to do the same there, she was a lot shorter than Viviana, but otherwise they looked almost the same and finally the older sister, Vohemia, was working for POTGC where it was rumoured she escalated positions by doing sexual favours to her superiors, she was about the same size as Viviana, but a lot fatter and the bad life she was leading was showing in her physique, all the three sisters were kind of pretty and had a very aboriginal look to their face and body features. Finally the mother was always backing them up in all the did and took care of the two kids the older sister had in her adventures, she looked like a very old and crinkly hag and had a fairer than thou attitude all the time. The kids looked like a younger version of the sisters. He managed to sit in a far away table to avoid the bad sisters.
There were a few televisions in the place and as it was to be expected they were tuned to the channel giving the election results. He ordered a hamburger and studied while waiting for it, a few minutes later his food was ready and delivered to his table. He started eating, but just a few minutes later the results were announced. Jesus Cabrera was the winner and as it was common all the other candidates showed up yelling every way they could, saying the elections were rigged. It was just like looking at a group of children that lost the lollipop they had been licking for the past few years.
As soon as the results were announced the majority of the coffee's customers stood up screaming in excitement and went toward the televisions as if they wanted to touch Jesus Cabrera through the screen, it was as if they saw a saint or something like it, a lot of them were crying of happiness. The group was conformed by the worst of the faculty's students, drug addicts, known troublemakers and thieves, whores and vagrants, he even saw the sisters holding hands in happiness as if they were doing some sort or ritual. Most of the people celebrating had at least 7 years in college and were still very far away from graduating, having said that, most of them had a proven expertise in avoiding the law since most of them were minor criminals. So huge was the amount of people that came in to try and see the televisions that they surrounded Guillem's table completely blocking his view of them. He grabbed his food and got away from the group as much and as quickly as possible, finding finally a few empty spots in the most farther away tables, as soon as he got there he noticed that the few people out of the crowd had a very sad and pessimist look in their eyes. Finally he managed to sit down at an empty table and continued eating and studying for his test which was about to start and for which he still had not had enough time to study properly.
From the table he could still hear the television through the crowd, so he was able to hear when Cabrera started his speech.
“Comrades! Now I can call you all my Bolivarian comrades! You will see! Now we are going to convert this country in an egalitarian society. Let's forget about democracy, that is a concept created by gringos to steal our resources from us, it was imposed by the empire of USA! Now we are going to convert Great Colombia into a socialism, a socialism of the XXI century! From now on anyone that has a car shall share it, if you see someone in a car you can demand him to take you, what is that about having a 4 seater car for only 1 person? No! We cannot let that happen any more! Houses? How is it possible that there are people in the city's east living in those huge houses? Everyone without a nice house go on an reclaim that which is yours! You built those houses! And they are enjoying them! Let's go and invade those rich people's properties! Everything will be returned to the people with my government! Not to the oligarchs of the empire! With me you will be able to recover everything that they did not allow you to have! Because they are greedy and bad! They are the devil...” And so he continued. 
It was really insufferable to hear him talking, so he rushed eating his food and got up to go study somewhere else where he could not hear such nonsense. As soon as he got up he heard many people from the crowd yelling revolutionary slogans.
“Let's go! Let's take the college for ourselves! Let's kick the rich people out of our place of study! They should be in rich people colleges! Not here!”
“Out with the oligarchs of the USA!”
“Return your places in our college! Give those positions back to the people!”
“Let's kill the oligarch teachers that want to make us fail! They do not want us to graduate!”
“Let's take over the college! It belongs to the people! We have rights!”
Guillem went out of the coffee shop as quiet as possible and began walking to the faculty of science, in the way he took his mobile phone out and called Tom's number.
“Tom, things are getting quite ugly around here, some of the worst students are getting together and yelling very aggressive things, I am now going to your faculty, get everyone together and let's leave this place as quickly and silently as possible. It seems like my mother was right after all.”
“Yeah right, we are at the usual tables playing. Come on in and then we can leave.”
On the way he saw other crowds forming, they were growing and getting more aggressive by the second and had already started to yell and threaten students physically, things were going to get worst very soon.
Finally he arrived at the faculty's pedestrian entrance which was on the inside of the college grounds, facing the rest of the college, but the gate was locked with a padlock. Immediately he started walking towards the main entrance which was on the outside of the college grounds so it required for him to leave through one of the college entries and then back again in through the faculty's main entrance. At most a walk of a couple of blocks.
While approaching the college exit he saw yet another crowd blocking it, it was composed by the informal traders that always placed their dirty little shops outside of college and usually helped thieves by hiding or reselling their stolen items, there were a lot of other people arriving there including more students of the college. Since the college guards were not allowing them to come in they started throwing rocks, food and anything they could find to the guards and to any car that went through. It was not hard to notice that the guards were losing ground there, it was too much  aggressive people. 
When he saw the crowd closing him, Guillem went back to the locked gate and started trying to climb the wall, it was quite irregular and should have been easy to do, but the weight of his books kept dragging him down. Then he noticed that from the inside of the college grounds there was a second crowd closing in, a group of the guards left their main group and went to try and control them, but between both crowds they were leaving the guards highly vulnerable and he was in the middle of the confrontation. In the middle of his desperation he dropped his bag and made one last try finally making it to the other side of the wall and falling quite noisily on the other side. He hid for a little while inside the faculty, looking through the gate at the fight outside. The students were keeping their distance and were throwing everything they could to the guards, in the few minutes he was there he saw cans, rocks and bottles thrown at the guards, on their part the guards were trying to get close using some old shields like the ones used occasionally by the police to protect themselves, while others were using trash lids or the cars and columns to hide while throwing back the stuff thrown at them. After staying for a while there he started running towards the tables and his friends. The tables were located at the back of the faculty, in theory they were supposed to be used to study, but the reality was quite different, they were used by drug addicts and couples without money for a hotel every evening and night and during the day there was a quite large group of people playing cards and role playing games. He noticed that the faculty was quite empty and silent that day.
When he arrived to the tables he found his group playing cards as if nothing was happening. The table they had chosen was very close to a vehicular entrance on the back of the faculty which faced the faculty of business administration and was closed by a huge gate.
In one of the tables he saw Francisco and the group of youngsters that idolised him playing one of their crazy role playing games, hiding behind him was the little girl that he called his girlfriend. Some time ago Francisco tried sharing more time with Guillem and his group, but he could never fit with the others because of his personality, always trying to live someone else's live and creating adventures to see if others would admire him. But it was good that he finally found an appropriate group for him, these youngsters really loved him and looked up to him. In the group playing with Francisco that day was Efrem, he was a very good guy, quite energetic and who loved exercising, he even had a lot of training in sword playing. His problem was that every time he had the opportunity he would play in a role game, this had caused him to lose quite a lot of friends an even some girlfriends, so much was his fanaticism that he would go and play in any game even if that meant breaking a date with his loved ones.
In another table he saw Carmelo, Jorge and Patricio trying to sell some of their usual cheap merchandise to a group of new students. They always seemed able to find and sell any object or service in existence. The sad reality though was that nobody really appreciated them but even then, there was always somebody wanting to use their services so they always hanged around the tables waiting for someone to fall on their crappy trap.
“But, what are you doing?, didn't I say that there are problems in the college grounds? We have to go! And we have to do it now!” Guillem told his group very frustrated.
“Come on, this sort of thing has happened before. A group of idiots manifesting and complaining is quite common, in fact, they must be just trying to get free stuff, favours and what else using force, the police will take care of it. Did you know that every week there are many manifestations like this all over Caracas.” Xavier said.
“This time it is different, Cabrera told them they could do it! The president himself gave them license to take or destroy anything they wanted!”
“Well, crazy guys come and go. It does not matter, it will go away by itself, when was the last time you saw a good president? Let alone a successful one. He will come, steal all he wants and then leave through the back door leaving the country the same way he found it. Anyway, what can we do? From what we have heard, things are dangerous everywhere, to take the cars or the train now would be way more dangerous than staying here protected within the faculty.” Said Roberto.
“Hmmm, ok. But we leave as soon as possible.”
“Hey Guillem, do not worry. I will take care of you if they come! You just hide behind me little boy” Said Cristobal as he grappled Guillem and gave him a few playful punches.
Guillem called home and explained his mother about the situation and that they had decided to stay for a while until everything calmed down.
All of them kept calling every hour their homes to check how the situation was evolving, but it was just getting worst all over the city. There were already a few deaths, burned cars and houses and there was a huge group of troublemakers going to the city's east where usually the more wealthy people lived. There were armed groups formed by parents that lived in the wealthy suburbs patrolling their homes and guarding their families. 
Occasionally a guard would pass by the tables to see what the group was doing and then he would go on his way.
It was close to 7pm and the situation was as bad as it had been the whole day if not worse. Some groups of scared people were congregating in the class rooms, sport courts and offices, they were getting into any place with a lock where they felt secure. By the tables in which they were playing they had not seen anybody the past couple of hours except guards, all of which looked very scared.
While they were playing, Xavier suddenly made them a signal to keep quiet. He got up and walked very slowly to the car gate that was close to the table. Guillem saw him as he looked outside through the gate very carefully and then he came back very nervous.
“There is a group of ugly guys outside, they have a few ladders and are putting them against the wall to get in here.” Whispered Xavier.
“Let's go find the guards and tell them.” Whispered Maria.
Everyone agreed so they went toward the guard shelter, it was located on the far end of the faculty, just next to main entrance, so their race there felt endless. The faculty corridors were completely deserted, sometimes they managed to see some people peeping through doors and windows, but they quickly hid trying to avoid being seen.
Finally they came out of the building and could see the guard shelter. The faster and first two to arrive where Xavier and Guillem, but what they saw made their hearts shrivel. A huge crowd was about to overpower the guards, most of them were being beaten and some were already unconscious.  
“Fuck, we have to hide!” Said Guillem.
Looking back at the corridor from which they came, they saw many flashlights and torches coming just behind their friends so it was impossible to get back that way.
“Let's go to that construction site!” Yelled Roberto while pushing Xavier and Guillem toward an old building that had been under construction for the past few years.
That building was supposed to be the new laboratories for biology, but they were never completed. They just finished the main structure of four levels including columns, floors and staircases, but it was still missing its walls and any sort of finishes. 
Reaching the building was just a matter of running a few more minutes, in the way Cristobal picked up a sledgehammer he found laying in the floor, it was a huge tool which looked just in place between Cristobal's huge hands and the others followed his example by picking up some useful tools or building materials that they could use to defend themselves. Roberto in particular found a deteriorated, but still functional portable nail gun. 
The first to reach the top floor was Xavier, as soon as the others where arriving he sent them to different locations in the floor as he was saying.
“Spread yourselves and watch the surroundings, but please stay within sight of someone else, it is very important. Maria, please can you stay here at the top of the staircase and see if anyone is coming up. I am going to pile up some bricks next to you so you can throw them just in case anyone comes up.” The others distributed themselves over the floor as Xavier suggested. 
“You seem to have been in this sort of situation already.” Said Maria with a very sad expression.
“Me? Thank God no. But through out the years I have seen this happen many times.”
From upstairs they could see how the crowd entered the faculty while the second crowd closed in from the building, the guards were all unconscious or were being beaten. The crowd coming from the inside of the faculty were bringing many restrained people with them, there were both women and men, most of them were still conscious and trying to break free, but they all looked very hurt.
The prisoners were being put together close to the entrance of the construction site terrain, a group of 10 troublemakers stayed with them while the rest went into the faculty once more to check the place.
On the other side of the construction site was a huge land in which students used to play Rugby, it was completely deserted and on the other side of it was the main street of Los Chaguaramos. There was a lot of activity on the street, they could see many flashlights, torches and car lights moving around and even a few cars on fire. They could hear many women screaming and some from men as well, their sound tore their hearts apart, people yelling slogans against the oligarchy, something they called the 'emaciated' people and quite a few gun shots.
After the majority of the troublemakers went out of the faculty the group decided to get together at a point of the floor from which they could see the held prisoners held below them.
“Ok, what do we do now?” Asked Tom.
“We could stay here I guess or we might be able to reason with them, I am a bit worried about those prisoners they are holding, we should help them if we can.” Said Guillem.
“We could jump the fence to the Rugby field, cross it, jump the other fence and go to the stadium to pick up our cars. There are plenty of places to hide in the way between all the rubbish left behind by this stupid mob.” Said Xavier.
“But you are still forgetting about something, what are we going to do about the people they are keeping prisoner down there? I mean, those women can at best expect to be raped multiple times.” Said Guillem.
“I am with Guillem. We must do something.” Said Cristobal. 
“If experience on this sort of situation says anything, is that it is a very bad idea to play around in this sort of situation, there have been many cases of people getting killed for doing stupid things like saving others.” Said Xavier.
“Everyone has a time to die. Let's go and help them.” Said Lucio.
“Yeah Xavier, it is not stupid to help someone survive.” Guillem said.
“There is too much people watching them. What if we attract a group of them here while someone of us goes to the prisoner group and frees them? But that person would have to take care of anyone left there watching over them.” Said Maria.
“And then what? A group as big as that is going to attract too much attention. If we do as you suggest we will have to hide here and defend ourselves and I do not think we can do that for long.” Said Xavier.
At that point they heard a few excited male voices and a couple very panicky female screams. A group of 9 of the troublemakers were taking two of the women into the construction site while screaming things like  “Let's go sweety, you will like it” and “What? I am more than enough man for you!”, the women were trying to resist as they could, but all 9 of them had the women immobilised, after a few meters one of the guys turned towards the women and hit one of them with all his strength leaving her unconscious. The other one stopped resisting and started crying without control. 
They left the rest of the prisoners being watched by only one guy, but he was tying them all together back to back forming a circle with the prisoners.
“Ok, this is it. No more arguing. Take care of this group while I go free the rest of them.” Said Roberto while picking up the portable nail gun and a rusty knife. “Try not to let anyone escape and it might happen that we get out of here alive tonight. Take care of yourself Maria, please.” He said to her.
“Let's go down carefully. Tom, Cristobal, Edward, you and me will go to the lower level and hide,” said Xavier “meanwhile Guillem, Lucio and Maria stay on the first floor and throw anything you can find to those sons of a bitch from there, do not worry for the prisoners. We will try not to allow anyone to escape or come upstairs to you guys. It is more important that no one of those bitches manages to get away, later we will take care of anyone of the prisoners that gets hurt.”
Xavier and Edward took each a small piece of timber while Cristobal took his sledgehammer and they all went down to the first floor. When they got there they searched for the place where the women were taken, they were about 2 meters away from the building, hiding between some trees and a lot of weed, as it was to be expected they were entertained undressing the women and themselves, one of the ladies was still unconscious and the other was in shock and crying uncontrollably. Xavier, Tom, Cristobal, Edward and Roberto went down to the ground level carefully and Roberto ran away toward the entrance to take care of the guard left watching over the bigger group of prisoners. He managed to hide between a small group of trees about 2 meters away from them.
Four of the troublemakers had already positioned themselves to better abuse from the women. Guillem and his group waited as much as possible to give the others time to hide properly, but as soon as the rapists were starting to do their thing Guillen and his group started throwing everything they could which included rocks, bricks and concrete blocks.
Guillem threw everything he could, but it was Maria who managed to hit one of them directly in his forehead knocking him out, there was a madness in her eyes that Guillem had never seen before. The other troublemakers ran toward the building while pulling their pants up with one hand and using the other to try and protect themselves from everything that was being thrown at them by Guillem and his group.
As soon as the troublemakers disappeared under the first floor Guillem they heard how the other engaged them in a fight, his group decided to run downstairs to help the others. As they went down to the ground level they saw how each of their friends were being surrounded by two of the troublemakers. Xavier was literally dancing between the two guys, dodging them gracefully while hitting them repeatedly with his piece of timber, it looked as if he was dancing and having fun. Cristobal was trying to hit his opponents with the sledgehammer, but the guys were small and very quick so they kept dodging him and his huge weapon. Tom was defending himself as best as possible using what he had learned in his karate lessons and finally Edward was clumsily attacking one of the guys with his piece of timber without much success while trying to avoid being hit by them.
Having seen the situation Guillem went to help Edward while Maria and Lucio did the same with Cristobal and Tom. First he went to the younger and smaller of both of the guys, a man in his early twenties. The guy was still a lot taller than him and of dark skin tone, Guillem managed to punch him a few times, but he did not make the guy slow down at all, on the good side Guillem was a lot quicker than his opponent and managed to avoid his attacks. He managed to at least keep the guy distracted for a while to give time to Edward to recover until his opponent suddenly decided to run away from the fight together with another two of his partners, he saw how Maria and Lucio ran past him following the fugitives.
Guillem had a quick look at the battleground and saw Xavier still dancing around his two opponents while still hitting repeatedly the same guy with his stick, he already had the guy very disoriented and his movements were getting quite clumsy. Cristobal was running like a bull toward the other guy attacking Xavier, leaving at least one body where he was standing before, the body had a knee bent in an impossible angle. Tom was hitting repeatedly a guy directly to his head and had him about to fall and finally Edward was still fighting with the same guy, both still going strong.
Guillem tried giving chase, but he was already too tired and saw as his other friends left him too far behind until they finally reached the fugitives.
Lucio and Maria were trying to stop one of the guys, but he kept dodging them, they were still trying to do it when Tom appeared from nowhere charging at the guy and with a strong jump he connecting a very powerful spinning kick in the guy's chest that threw him and Tom himself rolling into the ground. The guy kept trying to get up and escape, but Tom held him down and kept punching him in the face until he was finally unconscious.
Cristobal reached another of the troublemakers, managing to put the sledgehammer around his neck and then started strangling him with it. The guy kept trying to get free until he finally managed to do it, but as soon as he did, Cristobal stroke him directly in the chest with the sledgehammer sinking it into his rib cage.
The third fugitive kept managing to evade their efforts to stop him until Roberto came out of nowhere together with three women and blocked him. One of the women jumped over the guy and started scratching him in the face while the others were punching him until they managed to know him out. So much was their anger that Roberto had to pull the women away from the unconscious body before they made some more permanent damage which could even kill the guy.
“Quickly, drag them to the building and tie them up with this.” Said Roberto as he threw them a rope and went running again back toward the entry.
While helping Edward drag one of the bodies to the building he noticed as Roberto came out of some bushes with a larger group of people, they came dragging yet another body, probably the entrance guard Roberto took out.
It took them a while, but finally managed to move all the bodies to the third floor, there they tied them all together. The bodies were placed toward the middle of the floor so it was not easy to see them from the rest of the faculty and then put a few blocks, garbage and other stuff they could find around them so they were hidden from anyone that might go to that floor. They almost regained consciousness a few times, but Tom took care of leaving them unconscious again with a direct punch to the head.
Guillem checked some of the bodies to check they all were at least stable enough to survive a few hours. There were quite a few fractures courtesy of Cristobal and a few nails in Roberto's guard, but it calmed him down that everyone was alive and his group was just tired, having only had a few bruises.
“Ok, now we must leave this place.” Said Roberto.
“What?” One of the girls they just rescued said crying. “Why don't we stay here?” Said another one.
“That is your problem. We helped you get free, but now you are on your own.” Said Xavier. “We cannot take care of ourselves with you following us around. We should try and get out of here through the Rugby field.”
“Yes, that sounds like a good idea.” Said Cristobal while placing the sledgehammer within the back of his leather jacket and into his belt.
“Let's go then. Not a lot of time will pass until they come here looking for those guys.” Said Roberto as he pointed at the unconscious guards.
It was already later than 9pm. The street seemed to be a lot emptier than before, but still some patrols of troublemakers went by every few minutes and there was a small group of people in the faculty's entrance as well by the time they started to go down, they were most probably looking around for their missing members. The people they rescued decided to stay on the building, some of them were discussing what to do, but most were just crying without restrain.
They approached the fence separating them from the rugby field and searched from a group of bushes for a place where they could pass without being seen. As soon as they found it, they went there and Guillem, Lucio and Edward climbed over the fence with the rest of the guys following them up closely. 
“We have to cross the field without being noticed. If someone sees us we are going to be trapped so please be careful.” Said Roberto after they crossed the first fence.
The group lined up with Xavier at the head and they started crossing the field trying not to be seen, but as soon as Xavier got a couple of meters into it they heard a few screams coming from the entrance.
“Hey! A group of oligarchs is trying to escape! Let's go get them!”
“Run! See you on the other side of the fence!” Yelled Xavier as he started running toward the fence.
Guillem and the group ran toward the fence with all their strength. As soon as the got there they started climbing it, but Guillem could just reach up to half the fence before sliding down again, his legs were just not responding any more. He saw how everyone managed to climb to the other side of the fence, a few of them tried helping him from the top, but he had just started to make some progress in getting over it when he felt the troublemakers arrive and grapple him by the waist, arms and legs and began pulling him away from the fence. His friends tried to help him, but the troublemakers managed to pull him away, he saw how Cristobal tried jumping back over the fence, but the others stopped him and pointed at the field entrance. There was yet another group of troublemakers coming in with clubs and broken bottles.
Now he was alone, the troublemakers dragged him all the way to the faculty entrance and threw him against a wall next to the guard shelter then one of the guys tied him by the wrists and ankles using a rope.
There were a lot more prisoners around him, most probably brought in after they left their hideout in the construction site. Most of them had bruises all over their bodies, some were unconscious and finally the women were semi naked and crying with some of them covered in blood, in particular between their legs. 
One of their captors came to him and spat on his face then took him by his armpits and forced him to stand up, took his wallet, mobile phone, keys and everything he could find in his pockets before kicking him on his belly throwing him against the wall one more time. The guy took all of his belongings and went laughing into the guard shelter.
Guillem closed his eyes and tried to forget everything he was living at the moment and began praying. God had never forgotten about him and this was not going to be the first time, he was sure about it.
An hour passed, Guillem was fighting the fatigue he felt when a bright light forced him to open his eyes. It was a police car which was coming silently into the faculty. His captors which were around 20 as he last counted, started running around looking for anything to use as weapons, they picked up everything they could find from clubs to guns.
The police car came very close to the entrance's internal gate and two police officers came down of it, went to the back of the car and unloaded a box from there which they carried together toward the faculty. The small hope Guillem had gained with the arrival of the police car suddenly vanished when he saw how the faces of his captors changed from fear to happiness as they recognised the police officers.
“Finally the beer has arrived!”
“Are we late for the party?” One of the police officers said.
“Of course you are egghead, but do not worry. Here we left a few of the oligarchs for you to have fun.” Said one of his captors while pointing at the group of prisoners where Guillem was. “A few very sweet women for some nice sweaty fun and some guys for some shooting practice or maybe more sweaty fun if you are into that. Hope you understand that we have already started having some fun without you. What happened with you idiots? We have been waiting for too long!”
“Some idiots in the street, they see the uniforms and they believe we have to help them, for free! Can you believe that?” Said one of the police officers as he dropped the beer box and opened one of the bottles. “There is more in the car for later.”
“Some of these oligarchs. They never cease to try to abuse us? Now they are going to learn! They really see themselves as oligarchs, they will have to run back to their empire when we finish with them!”
Guillem saw how one of the police officers went to the group of women, knelt next to one of them slowly while she was still crying and then trapped her head between his hands forcing her to look directly at him, he licked her face starting from her chin and then through her lips, the side of the nose, between her eyes and finally whispered something to her ear that made her visibly tremble in fear and cry even more. Then releasing her head he proceeded to put his hand between her legs and slid it upwards slowly, she tried to resist with her legs, but he kept forcing his hand upwards. Then with a huge laugh he stood up and went to pick up another beer.
“I like that one. I want her for me! I see no one has used her yet! And I mean, NO ONE!” He said while everyone started laughing.
They drank beer for what felt like hours, sometimes getting up to urinate against a wall or over one of the male prisoners. Guillem managed to slowly crawl without being noticed until he was next to one of the female prisoners who was still crying, asked her to lean against him and then started whispering.
“Try to be calm, this animals will rape you if they see you crying. Try to close your eyes and think on something else, maybe your family, friends or partner. God is still with us and he will help us get through this. What is your name?”
“Lissette.” She said while trying to control her tears.
“My name is Guillem.”
“Hi Guillem.” She said and closed her eyes leaning against him.
They kept bringing more and more beer, after half an hour most of them were very drunk, a few fell sleep, but the majority stood up and approached the female prisoners.
“Hey! What are you doing with our women?” One of the police officers yelled at Guillem as he was approaching.
“Nothing.”
“Get away from her!“ He said and punched him in the face leaving Guillem dizzy. “We do not want filth like you close to our women.”
“Please sir, do not hurt us.” Said Lissette crying one more time. “We were just talking.”
“Hurt you? But we are just protecting you, these filthy oligarch only wants to use you for his convenience. Me? All I want to do is something very nice to you and who knows, maybe you could have the gift of having some of my kids, you are very pretty.” He said as he starting loosening his belt.
“Hey! Damn animal! Leave her alone! Poor little man that have to abuse of women to feel like a man!” Yelled Guillem while trying to sit straight.
“Little man? Do you want me to fuck you too? Come here!” He said as he reached for Guillem.
“Even better, why don't we all have some fun with him?” Said the other police officer. “Let's take him to that wall over there and practice some rock throwing with him, later we could use some of these little bitches asses.” He said picking up some rocks from the floor.
“Yeah, let's trash him!” The others said while the first police officer was tightening his belt once more and staring directly at Guillem with a grin on his face.
They lifted Guillem by both armpits and dragged him toward a wall away from the guard shelter, still with his arms and legs tied. They forced him to stand in front of it and then went away to the other side of the parking lot.
“If you know what is good for you stay standing there... You will at least be able to dodge a couple of rocks.” One of the guys whispered at Guillem's ear before getting away.
Guillem closed his eyes and started praying.
“Please lord, do not abandon any of the people that is prisoner here today, all of them need you and they have suffered more than enough. You can do anything with me and I will gladly accept it.” Tears started running over his face.
He was still with his eyes closed and praying when he heard cars approaching the faculty, they were coming at great speed with their engines roaring and their tires screeching. He opened his eyes in time to see how two well known vehicles entered at full speed into the faculty, first was Roberto driving the Toyota followed by Cristobal in his Suzuki, the Toyota hit the police car park at the gate with the bull bar throwing it to the side, the right headlight must have got broken with the impact because it shut off instantaneously.
The Toyota went straight to the group of troublemakers ramming them, some of the troublemakers reacted in time and got out of the way of the car just in time. As soon as it stopped Xavier and Tom got down of the car and ran toward him, picked him up, put him over Tom's shoulder and carried him to the back of the Toyota throwing him in the cargo area. Guillem saw how Cristobal, Edward and Lucio were running from the Suzuki to the other prisoners to free them, Maria was standing in the back of the Toyota keeping the back door open.
As soon as he was thrown there, Tom jumped into the back seat and started untying him, meanwhile he heard Roberto screaming “Let's get out of here!” and started manoeuvring the Toyota to exit by the main faculty entrance by which they had just entered, some of the freed prisoners were running behind them trying to get aboard the car so Maria was helping them get on board as quickly as possible, but most were running in other directions, some got into the Suzuki as well, but it filled up very quickly. 
“The entrance is blocked!” Xavier yelled. “Let's go through the building construction to the Rugby field and then out of here.”
Roberto manoeuvred the Toyota toward the construction site where they had so many adventures and accelerated. Behind them was the Suzuki and he saw how other two cars were following them, they were two Wagoneer SUVs with a bull bar welded with metal bars running through the sides like some sort of exoskeleton. They had people with half their bodies out the windows and others hanging on the sides standing on the bars, they were screaming and howling with clubs and bottles in their hands as if they were mad. Guillem closed the back door with Maria's help and made themselves as comfortable as possible, there were at least 7 people sitting there with them in the cargo area, some were sitting in others laps, some were crying and all of them were barely able to breathe.
From his position he was able to see as they went through the construction site land at full speed followed by a shock when the Toyota hit the first fence and went over it and then into the Rugby field, a couple of seconds later he felt yet a second shock when they went through the second fence. Behind them was coming the Suzuki having some difficulty with the field and its fences, he could see how sparks came from below the car when passing over the fences, but he could see the mad but confident look on Cristobal's face just behind the wheel, leave it to him to drive a car as low as that one over such a bad terrain, behind him were both Wagoneers closing in to the Suzuki, most of the people hanging on the sides had fallen down, but in a flash of light he saw that both police officers were sticking out of the windows of one of the SUVs with their weapons in hand. 
As soon as they got out of the faculty, Roberto and Cristobal went on separate ways, the Wagoneer with the police officers gave chase to them while the other one chased Cristobal. The Toyota wobbled from one side to the other constantly every time Roberto dodged an obstacle along the way to the point that Guillem thought they were going to tip over, he could see how Maria was about to vomit with all the movement. The way was full of burned cars, piles of rubbish and burned tires everywhere. Both police officers started firing at them, Guillem could hear the metallic sound every time those bullets impacted the car and everyone of the people they picked up in the faculty started crying and screaming. After a few seconds there was a small explosion as the right back tire exploded and the car fell on that corner. The Toyota slowed down and shook violently, but Roberto managed to keep it under control, happily the Wagoneer was not able to close in due to the many obstacles plus its poorer handling and lower speed. A few minutes later they managed to leave behind the Wagoneer. Once the excitement began to cool off he noticed a very strong odour, it smelled of concentrated pee and noticed that the floor of the cargo area was wet, a lot of of the other passengers were still crying.
They were about to reach the Los Ilustres avenue, everything looked so different, usually the street would be very busy and full of life, but now there were only burned cars, fires and piles of rubbish everywhere. Roberto drove out of the avenue and into other minor streets, on the way he saw multiple houses with their entries destroyed and probably their contents stolen, some of them had the behind of a car sticking out of them. He did not notice at the beginning, but there were many human bodies laying around, he was hoping they were just drunk and not dead.
“If anyone wants to get down of the car at any time please let me know, we are going to the POTGC building in Los Chaguaramos, there is someone we must meet there.” Roberto said in a loud voice tone.
Nobody said anything, a few were just looking through the windows scared at what they were seeing, those that were not able to see through the windows were just crying.
On the way they went pass some small groups of troublemakers, most of them carrying fire torches, but more than a few were carrying televisions, tables, fridges and other stolen things. Most of them did not paid any attention to the Toyota, but sometimes they could hear insults and some even threw bottles and rocks toward them which bounced harmlessly off the car body. They could hear a few random gun shots as well, but nothing else, just darkness and silence.
They arrived to POTGC and in the petrol station just in front of the main gate was Cristobal's Suzuki parked in the parking lot. Cristobal, Edward and Lucio were waiting outside of the car. Roberto parked the Toyota next to the Suzuki and everyone stepped down of it. The place was a very small petrol station with a variety shop and a car wash that was usually attended by multiple employees. The place was deserted and the shop had its doors destroyed, there was graffiti all over the place.
“We have been waiting for you for too long! Always driving like an old woman, eh Roberto!” Cristobal said, but Roberto only mumbled something.
Roberto went straight to the flat tire to check it up. Meanwhile the rest of his friends got together with Cristobal' group. Some of the other passengers asked for a mobile phone which his friends lent them and after making a quick call they started leaving the place by foot in different directions. Lissette went straight to Guillem and asked him for his address then she hugged him and left.
“Uy, not everything was so bad eh? Guillem has a new girlfriend! Maybe she will finally take your eternal summer from down there away eh?” Said Cristobal pointing toward his crotch. “What is going to say your satanic cult now little boy? Are you allowed to have a girlfriend? Can she be someone from outside of the cult or does she has to believe in the devil as well?”
“It is not a satanic cult and she is not my girlfriend. Grow up Cristobal.” Said Guillem angrily while walking toward Roberto. “How do you see the damage?” He asked Roberto.
“I will have to change the tire, the car suffered a lot of damage, but it is a strong vehicle, it will hold just fine.” Answered Roberto. “Please, keep an eye for anyone that might approach this place. Tom, can you help me change the tire?.”
“Off course buddy!” Said Tom.
The others sat down close to the cars and looked into the darkness that surrounded them. Everyone was very quiet, just thinking and keeping to themselves. 
Occasionally they saw some drunken people or speeding cars. They could hear as well a few laughs and female screams in the night. But nothing that would threaten then directly at least.
“I have never noticed how dark it gets. And quiet. It feels so weird this situation, I feel so vulnerable now.” Said Guillem. “You know what? I am going to the shop to see if I can find something to drink, do you guys want something?” Said Guillem.
“Let's see if we can find something for everyone. I will go with you,” said Cristobal “you need an adult to take care of you anyway.”
“You know I am not a child, right?”
“Not to me little buddy, not to me.”
Both of them got up laughing and went to the shop, but Cristobal went running first to the Suzuki to pick up the sledgehammer.
“I like it.” He said with a smile. “It might be useful in there if we have to break something or someone.”
“You are just a big child, did you know that?” Said Guillem.
The door had been pulled out of its frame and was resting on a side, the interior was very dark. Guillem found the switch for the lights on the right of the door frame and turned them on, some of the lights were broken, but still most of them worked and illuminated the place well enough. There were many shelves, but all of them were laying on the floor, as well as the food and magazines which were mostly destroyed and finally the cashing machine which had been emptied of all money.
As soon as they turned on the lights they heard a light knock at the other side of a door located at the back of the shop.
“Maicol? Mate are you there? Did you bring the gang? Here I have the POTGC bitches. Vohemia really helped us, that bitch really brought us some really nice asses here.” Guillem and Cristobal ran and hid behind the remains of one of the shelves. Whoever he was, he was drunk.
“Maicol? God damned, who is there? Stay here my little bitches, I will come back soon. Vohemia is that you? Do you or your sisters want more fun?” The door opened and a teenager of average height, very thin, tall and dirty came out, he was dressed with large clothes, including a blue jeans and a black shirt, his clothes were very deteriorated and stained in what seemed like blood. As soon as he opened the door a very intense odour came out, it smelled like sweat, blood and alcohol. In his right hand he had a pistol.
“Hey you!” The guy yelled at Cristobal as he fired his pistol and a roar of pain filled the shop.
Guillem ran to the guy and tried wrestling the weapon away from him, but the guy kept throwing him around as if Guillem was weightless. While the guy was trying to get free from Guillem's hold, Cristobal took his sledgehammer and with a maniacal look in his eyes hit the drunk on the side fracturing a few ribs and knocking down both the guy and Guillem, the guy fell unconscious from the impact.
Guillem came out from below the bloodied drunk's body and saw Cristobal sitting in one of the shelves covering his chest with a look of extreme pain in his eyes, his eyes reminded him of those of a hurt dog, they looked innocent, in a lot of pain and in need of attention. The others came running by the door, but calmed down when they saw that Guillem and Cristobal were fine. After doing a quick search on the body, Guillem took the pistol the drunk teenager had with him.
“Come with me to the back of the shop, this idiot came from there.” Said Guillem talking to the whole group as he got up and started walking to the back door.
He opened the door slightly and looked inside, what he saw broke his heart, there were multiple men and women laying in multiple places in the room, they were not moving at all and were mostly naked with multiple wounds over their bodies. There was a strong odour to blood and semen in the place. He came out again and closed the door, then ran to a corner and vomited.
Edward approached the door to open it, but Guillem stopped him before he did it. 
“No! You do not want to see what is in there. Do not open that door.” Edward stepped away as suggested by Guillem, so did the others. 
“Pick up whatever you need and let's get out of here, this place is disgusting and reeks of dead.” Said Guillem.
“Hey, shut up!” Whispered Maria as she turned off the lights. “We have company outside.”
Guillem approached the entrance and saw two older Toyota Land Cruisers from the seventies of the kind that is used in Caracas' bad neighbourhoods to transport people, they were parked just outside next to their cars. A group came down of them, it was a gang of about 12 people in total, one of them was middle aged woman with chinese face features and short black hair, she seemed to be the leader and could not be older than 40, but had all the signs of a person that drinks and consumes all sorts of drugs. They all had red shirts. 
“Hey Marta, what do you think about these cars? They are cool, I like the Suzuki. But, they were not here last time when we came. Shall we take them? What do you say? The egg heads that left them here do not deserve to have them.” Said one of the gang members.
“Idiot, the owners should be still around, maybe they are in the shop. You and you, stand guard here, the rest, follow me!” They went to their cars and armed themselves.
Cristobal went to the switch and destroyed it with the sledgehammer.
“If these idiots do something to my Suzuki I will kill them. Anyway, now if they come they will not be able to turn on the lights.”
“You and you, get in there and check!” Marta told two of the gang members.
Both guys approached the shop cautiously with a gun in hand each of them. Roberto whispered to the group.
“Hide, let them get in and then we attack all at the same time!”
Guillem hid behind one of the lying shelves and took out the pistol he just picked. He saw as both gang members came into the shop, they had just walked a couple meters into the shop when one of them quickly turned toward the place Cristobal tried to hide and fired his weapon at him, almost instantaneously Guillem aimed his weapon and fired at the intruders as well. The others jumped from their hiding places and were trying to grapple, immobilise and disarm them.
Guillem tried to immobilise the guy that shot at Cristobal, but he was extremely wiry and quick so kept escaping once and again not only from his efforts to hold him down, but from those of Cristobal and Edward as well. Guillem could hear and smell gun shots, but was unable to check how the others were doing. It was finally Edward who managed to immobilise the guy long enough to give them the opportunity to punch him until leaving him unconscious.
After disabling his opponent Guillem looked to see how his friends were doing with the other guy. Roberto was wrestling him, but was covered in blood and about to faint, the guy had shot him repeated times in his right leg and sides, the others were trying to help him, but he and the guy were rolling around very violently. Guillem, Edward and Cristobal closed in to help and between all of them finally managed to knock the intruder out.
As soon as the intruders were disabled Roberto sat over a pile of rubbish and leaned against a wall, he was breathing with difficulty and had a few gun wounds and bruises all over his body, particularly one rather large in the right leg. 
“Get away from him, let him breathe” Said Guillem while approaching Roberto and kneeling next to him. “This is going to hurt buddy, so hold on tight.”
“What will you do? What do you know about medicine?” Whispered Roberto just before falling unconscious.
“Cristobal help me here. I need your help.” Cristobal placed his sledgehammer next to Roberto and proceeded to help Guillem tear Roberto's clothes around the wounds, with the pieces of broken clothes Guillem made a few strips of cloth and bandaged the wounds after cleaning them with some drinkable water he found lying in the shop. “I hope he wakes up soon, his wounds are big, but nothing that should be immediately dangerous.”
Meanwhile Xavier approached the entrance to look what the rest of the gang was doing outside and Lucio and Maria were both picking up the intruders pistols.
“The crazy bitch that looks like the group leader is looking for something in their Toyota. She is opening a rather heavy briefcase. FUCK! She has one of those big machine guns you see in the movies! FUCK! WHAT THE HELL IS THAT CRAZY BITCH DOING WITH THAT?” Xavier was describing from the entrance. “I think that we might be better off leaving this place, and now! Maybe this place has a back exit? All of the gang members are with her so if we find another exit there will be nobody looking over it.” He said as he began running to the back door.
“FANATICS OF THE EMPIRE! BETRAYERS OF THE COUNTRY! THE PEOPLE IS NOW IN POWER AND WILL STAY THERE! HERE IS A GIFT FROM THE COMMANDANT FOR TRASH LIKE YOU!” Marta yelled from the outside.
Cristobal lifted Roberto's unconscious body as quickly as possible trying not to damage the improvised bandages Guillem placed, Guillem picked up Cristobal's sledgehammer and all of them ran as quickly as possible to the back door where Guillem had seen the dead bodies.
Guillem saw as everyone except Cristobal and him passed through the back door, they were the slowest of the bunch because of Roberto's dead weight. They were about to make it to the door when he heard dozens of shots coming from the outside, so many that it seemed like just one continuous sound, almost instantaneously he heard a lot of glass breaking and felt a very sharp sting pain on the right side of his hip as well as a muffled groan of pain coming from Cristobal, but both of them managed to go through the door and throw themselves to the floor.
There were many bodies carefully laid in the floor between the shelves and boxes, they were barely visible due to some light that was coming in through a tiny window close to the roof. The bodies were almost completely naked, both women and men and all of them had blood flowing from between their legs. The stink of blood, sweat, alcohol and semen was so strong that all of them had to cover their mouth and noses, Xavier was not able to withstand it and had to run to a box and vomit in there for a few seconds.
“There is a door.” Said Guillem while he was trying to help Xavier stand up. “That must be an exit.”
Tom tried opening the door but it was locked, he stayed there trying to forced it open but without success.
“We are fucked! It is locked and the key is not anywhere that I can see! Quickly, check all the bodies with an uniform, someone must have a copy of the key for this door!” Tom said.
Cristobal placed Roberto's body carefully against a wall and taking his sledgehammer away from Guillem proceeded to hit repeatedly the exit door while the rest was searching the bodies for a key.
After a short search Lucio found the key in a pocket in the uniform of a girl's body and opened the door. The group went out of the shop and into a narrow alley between two restaurants located behind the petrol station and finishing in another main street. The floor was made of protruding black stained rocks, the walls on each side had been painted white long time ago, but were now completely covered in mold and had many rubbish bins leaning against them.
“Now what?” Cristobal asked, he was carrying Roberto's body once again and had his sledgehammer secured to his back. “This guy is not light, did you know?”
“We cannot go back to our cars, we should look for refuge in a nearby place, maybe the POTGC building.” Said Guillem while helping Xavier walk.
“Yes, but the POTGC building is on the other side of those dammed idiots,” said Maria “besides they will start checking everything back here very soon.”
“I am sorry Xavi,” said Guillem talking to Xavier “because I know it is disgusting. But what about going down there?” He said to everyone while pointing to an access point to the city drain.
“If that is the only option.” Said Tom. “Help me remove the lid.”
Tom with Lucio and Edward's help managed to remove the lid and push it aside. A very strong odour to faeces and humidity came rushing from the hole and enveloped the group.
Guillem and Lucio in particular could not stop a disgusted grin from showing in their faces when they smelled the odour, both of them got very pale.
Leaving Xavier standing by himself, Guillem was the first to approach the opening with the intention of going into it. 
“Since this is my idea it is fair that I go in first.” He said while proceeding to descend using some steps carved into the sides of the hatch, he could not hide how sick the odour made him feel as he was descending. “It is very dark down here! And a bit slippery too! Do any of you by any chance has a flashlight?”
“My mobile has a flashlight function, I am coming down!” Tom said. “Do not take long, there have been no more gun shots, they must be about to get into the shop and search for us.” He said to the rest of the group. “First Cristobal, I will help you with Roberto and then we help Xavier come down as well.”
Everybody descended slowly as soon as Roberto and Xavier were down in the drain tunnel. It was a very narrow corridor with a low ceiling, leaving just space for one person to go bending over through it. It was just made more difficult for Cristobal and Tom because both of them were carrying Roberto's body, the walls were covered with irregular blocks and they could see some corridors on the sides every few meters.
“Does anyone know where are we going?” Maria asked from the back of the group.
“I guess this way should be fine, I would prefer not to take any of the side corridors since I do not want to get lost down here.” Guillem answered from the group's front, he was leading the little group with the help of Tom's small flashlight.
They walked a few minutes when they heard screams coming from behind them.
“Here they are! Come on down! Pass me that shit to fill their disgusting pompous butts with lead!”
Everyone started running and just a few seconds later hell broke loose, they could hear dozens of shots hitting all around them, it had to be the machine gun they used on the surface.
“Hold hands and follow me!” Guillem yelled as he started taking some of the side corridors trying to loose the people chasing them.
He turned off the flashlight as they ran through the many corridors until they finally arrived to a wider one and Guillem whispered to everyone else to stay quiet.
For a few minutes they heard voices, some frustrated screams and a few gun shots. They heard some phrases like “Give me a flashlight mother fucker!” yelled by a woman and finally silence. After a few seconds they heard the same woman screaming “Stay and live here as the rats you are! Do not even think about coming out because if we see you, we kill you!”.
“Is everyone fine?” Guillem asked.
“I have a few scratches, but I am fine.” Said Maria.
“I have a few scratches too.” Said Lucio. “But we should keep moving.”
“Let's find a way out of here, I cannot stand the smell and the darkness. Since most of you are hurt, we must get out before you get some infection from being down here!” Xavier whispered almost deliriously laying against a wall and holding his stomach.
“Then let's try to find out were we are. We can keep going straight and on the way some of you could help me raise one of those lids to see where we are.” Said Guillem as he turned the flashlight on again, he was very pale.
“And what if we follow the water stream? It must go to the Guaire river. I do not believe anyone would be guarding that place and the worst we might find is a drunken idiot.” Said Maria as she was checking a small, but nasty little wound on the back of her left leg, everyone agreed to her idea.
The group got up and walked very slowly, trying not to make any noise, Guillem stayed at the front of the group with the flashlight in his hand. He could hear many weird sounds through the corridors and saw the odd occasional moving shadow, more than once he believed these were human, but when pointing where he saw them with the flashlight he could find nothing. All of them tried to stay vigilant and as close from each other as possible.
After half an hour walking and following the water stream through ever wider corridors, they finally felt a small breeze which came with an even stronger odour which made Xavier sigh in desperation as tears came to his eyes and they could hear as well the soft sound of a larger water stream. 
“It must be the Guaire river! Let's go!” Guillem said visibly excited about finally getting out of that disgusting place.
They finally arrived to the Guaire river, coming out of the drain by one of the tributaries of the river. Guillem immediately went to one of the sides of the river and climbed a small slope. From up there he whispered “Follow me, I know this place!”.
Everyone climbed the slope, as usual Cristobal and Tom were in charge of carrying Roberto's body and then followed a small dirt path on the side of the Guaire, it was still a good couple of meters below the city streets level so they were able to stay easily hidden. The path was just as he remember it, filled with garbage and very narrow, the Guaire odour was getting slightly better as they went upriver, just as he remembered it when he came with his religious group to distribute toys, food and other donations, that was a couple of months ago.
“There it is!,” Guillem said pointing at a bridge crossing above the Guaire a couple dozen meters ahead, the sun was starting to come out so it was not hard to see “below it lives a group of people I know. I came here a few weeks ago to bring some donations from my religious group.”
“So we finally see something good about you belonging to a demonic sect!” Said Cristobal visibly tired, but still trying to smile.
“Good to see you are having fun.”
Everyone else followed him in silence, they could still hear some gun shots and screams coming from the streets just above them.
A couple meters away from the bridge they could finally distinguish a few tiny units built below it using any material scraps they could find, from rusted metal laminates to timber. They could hear children crying from the inside of the units, some of them had a flickering light like the one made by a candle coming through their windows, but most were dark.
“Stay here!” Guillem said as he ran the short distance separating them from the units. “And I mean it! This people do not like intruders.”
As soon as Guillem got under the bridge, he approached a unit that belonged to the family he best got to know the last time he was there and knocked the door to check if somebody was there. He had brought a lot of items for this family, in particular to the children and even shared a meal with them at the time. The family was composed of a single working mother with three children, a 14 year old girl that helped with the smaller children, a 12 year old boy and another one just 5 years old. 
“Who is there?” An older feminine voice said from the inside. “There is nothing of value in here. Only me and my children live here, please go away, we do not want any problem.”
“Ms. Ana, This is Guillem. We met sometime ago when me and my religious group came to do a few donations. Please open the door, I need your help.”
A cloth covering one of the windows on the inside moved to a side for a couple of seconds and someone yelled on the inside. “Open the door Wilson! It is Guillem!” the door opened and a short and bony child came out of it and hugged Guillem's leg.
“What did you bring me his time Guillem?” Said the child.
“Come one in! What are you doing here? This is not a good time to be on the street!” Ana said.
“I want to come in, but I have a group of friends waiting close from here. Can they come in too?”
“Of course, you know that my house is tiny, but there is always space for you and your friends in here. Bring them in.”
Guillem went to get the others and guided them to the small unit. As soon as they went in Ana put a thick wooden table blocking the door and left a butcher knife she had in her hand over it.
The unit was barely enough to hold the group. In a corner of the wall opposed to the door was a small table with a tiny electric kitchen and a couple of open packages of harina pan, the kitchen was fed electricity by very thin cable with broken insulation that came through one of the walls. On the same wall, but in the opposite corner there was an old mattress without any bed sheets. On one of the side walls was a slightly larger mattress and on the opposite wall a coffee table with an old television set which had a clothes hanger in the place of the antenna, finally on each side of the door a couple of small tables made of rotten wood. The walls were made of a few rusted metal scraps, but  together and it was leaning against a bridge column which doubled as the back wall, the door was a large table attached to a hole in one of the metal laminates and next to it was another square hole which was supposed to be a window, on the outside it had a metal grid welded and on the inside it had a bed sheet as a curtain. The light was produced by a light bulb hanging from the metal scraps composing the ceiling and connected to the same cable that provided energy to the kitchen. There was no bathroom anywhere in the unit. 
Ana was a older woman of around 50 years old, very skinny to the point you could see all her ribs, she was wearing a very old and dirty gown. Leslie, was her older daughter, she was short and skinny, very pale, as if sick, but it had always shocked Guillem that she had a look of malice on her eyes that he had only seen on older and experienced woman, she was dressing a dirty gown just like her mother. Wilson was a dark skinned child with African features, obviously son of a different father, the look in his eyes was not so different to that of his sister and finally Truman was the smallest, he was dark skinned as well and still looked like a child with a look of innocence on his face. Wilson and Truman were completely naked.
Cristobal and Tom placed Roberto in one of the beds and Maria, Lucio, Guillem and Xavier sat down in the other, they were finally able to see each other under a more appropriate light and they were covered in a mixture of dirt, faeces and blood. Even under all that dirt Xavier managed to look pale and sick and Maria managed to look sexy as usual.
“What are you guys doing here? This is no place for you.” Ana said. “You should be at home, with your people.”
“We know, we were in the Central University when everything started and we are still trying to get home. We need to rest at least for a couple minutes, we have been through so much in just a few hours.” Guillem answered.
“You guys are going to the east of the city? There are many clashes between Cabristas and the police on that side. Most of the still honest and loyal police is there at this very moment.”
“What do you mean with that? I mean, about the police.” Maria asked.
“Cabrera had bought all the worst elements of the police departments and now have their support. They are covering everything that is happening and trying to frame the people they call the oligarchs about everything they do. An oligarch for them is anyone with money that is not with Cabrera.”
“And why is the army not doing anything?”
“The same, he gained the support of most generals. I guess he had more than a few dirty secrets from his time in the army. The rest is just keeping quiet and waiting.”
“And how do you know all this? I mean, this must be secret and must have been happening from long ago for him to have gained such support.”
“Yes it has. I have heard rumours. Remember that most police officers and soldiers come from the lowest people, a lot of those that are not able to find anything to eat anywhere go and enrol in either the police or the army. I know a lot of them and their families and they have kept us informed.”
“Can we turn on that television?” Maria asked. 
“Of course, let's turn it on.” Said Ana as she walked to it.
After a few minutes hitting the television with her hand, Ana managed to get one of the public channels and as it was to be expected there was a news show going on at the moment.
“We keep receiving reports about many violent manifestations all over the country after the first speech from Cabrera. So far it is impossible to know how many casualties there have already been, but the calls keep coming to report missing people.” The news presenter was saying as she showed a live feed from Chacaito where many people were breaking into every store and stealing anything they could find, many shootings could be heard in the background as well. “So here be have Helen with a live interview with one of the Cabristas on the street.”
“Good night mister. What are you doing at this time of the night here in Chacaito with all this insecurity?” Said Helen.
“Taking what is mine. What insecurity? Everything is fine here. Why do your people call insecurity when the my people goes out to reclaim their property and call it justice when the empire does the same?”
“But, how is all that stuff yours?” She asked while pointing at a bag the guy had on his hands and the jewellery he had all over his body.
“It was stolen from the people by the oligarchs you see. They took it from our land, stole my people's labour and now they want all the profit for themselves.”
“But whoever worked in making what you are carrying must have been paid for their job. These are just stores selling merchandise they bought, they had nothing to do with how they were made anyway.”
“All of them are together you see, this is a conspiracy. The USA of America is paying the oligarchs here to steal and abuse my people, they are evil you see.”
“And do you have proof of what you say? I am not even sure I understand what you mean.”
“There is proof you see, Cabrera said he has it, but that he is keeping it hidden from the empire.”
“But even if he has it, it gives you no right no steal, there is a law that you must respect.”
“Law enforced by the USA of America! For the oligarchs!” Said the guy visibly stressed. “My commandant said it and he is right! He said we could get back our stuff! Are you working for the USA of America? Are you an oligarch? Because you sure sound like one! Hey guys! Here we have an oligarch! She works for the USA of America!”
And they saw how a crowd went running toward Helen and her camera crew, they were still filming as they started running away from the mob.
“Well, there seems to be a slight problem with our crew, I am sure our reporter will be fine.” The news presenter said slightly sweaty and nervous. “Now in an exclusive with Cabrera we have Carolina.”
“Good night Mr. Cabrera.” Said Carolina. “What are your thoughts about all the manifestations and crimes people is doing in your name.”
“Crimes? There are no crimes anywhere! That is just a rumour created by the empire! People is just celebrating that now they are in power, they are just partying innocently. Please lady, stop talking like one of those oligarchs, I am sure you are not one of them? Are you?” He said in a very threatening way, but immediately smiled and said. “Just joking.”
Ana turned off the television.
“That guy is crazy, did you know he send his people here to recruit us for this craziness? Most of my neighbours went ahead to support him, I just do not believe him. He even bribed them with red shirts and some beer! I keep telling my kids they have to study and progress by themselves, instead of taking the easy way as most of our neighbours did.”
“That is disgusting,” said Maria “talking about disgusting, is there a place were we could get cleaned up? Even if it is only our faces?”
“Of course, Wilson will show you to the water tank on the outside of the house.”
“First, congratulations for refusing to do something in which you do not believe, but we would better get going immediately, there is no time to clean up.” Guillem said. “Do you have any sort of transportation that you could lend us? Or at least indicate us which is the best way to go?”
“Down in the river we have a small raft which could take you upstream. I guess it is more secure right now to go that way than by using the streets. Here, take this flashlight with you, it will be useful.”
“Thank you.” Guillem said. Roberto started regaining consciousness and complaining so he went immediately to check him out. “Hey buddy. Can you hear me?”
“Yes.” He whispered. “Everything hurts and smells like shit. Is that me? Or Cristobal?”
“Yes brother, all of us are smelly. You are quite hurt as well.” He said laughing. “We still have not been able to take you to a hospital. Come on up, do you think you can walk?”
“Do I have to get up?” He said as he started getting up with Guillem's help.
“Let's get out of here.” Said Guillem. “We need to get you home before you get any worse.”
“All of you look and stink horrible.”
“Do not you think you look any better.” Guillem said laughing.
Everyone said their good byes to Ana and her family and followed the directions she gave them as to how to find the raft. They had to descend by a very narrow path that took them to another very large tributary of the Guaire river and there they found it just next to the water. The raft was very deteriorated with a few broken sections which somebody had been trying to fix with average success, on the side were two poles of at least three meters long each. 
“I guess these are to push this thing upriver?” Cristobal asked as he picked up both poles and threw one to Tom.
“Do you think you are up to this with all your wounds?” Tom asked Cristobal.
“You will have to try to keep up with me!”
Between all of them dragged the boat to the main river and placed the poles inside. Everyone went aboard the boat starting with Roberto and finishing with Cristobal, the boat was making some water, but stayed afloat. Tom and Cristobal placed themselves on each side of it and started pushing it upstream with the poles, it moved extremely slow despite their best efforts. 
They continued like it for about 30 minutes, it was already well into the morning and was quite clear. All of them were very sleepy so they leaned against the others in the centre of the raft leaving Tom and Cristobal the responsibility of getting them safely upstream.
“What is that?” Xavier asked sitting back up and pointing to an object floating a few meters away. 
“Hehe, a ball of shit? I have counted a few dozens already.” Cristobal answered.
“You are disgusting, but no it is not that, wait.” Said Xavier focusing his eyes on the object he saw. “That is... a body! And there is another one! And another!” He said pointing to multiple objects coming down stream. “The river is full of corpses!”
“Fucking animals! Is any of them still moving?”
“I do not thing so, I will keep an eye out to see if we see anyone still alive.”
The group had to make an effort to keep looking at the corpses despite how tired all of them were, trying to find any sign of movement in any of them, it was an insufferable spectacle. Guillem could see how Tom and Cristobal kept staring at the bodies silently, their hands trembling in rage, for a moment he was worried Cristobal was going to break the pole in half with his huge hands.
“Come on Cristobal! Stronger. There is too much daylight already and we do not want to be seen.” Said Tom
“Yes.” Cristobal mumbled.
Guillem kept looking at the bodies, there were young and old people in equal proportions with even a few children. Most of them looked lower class, so much for the president of the people. These most probably were the ones that refused to bow before him. It was already 7am when they arrived just under the Veracruz avenue which should take them easily to the city east so they decided to get off the boat there and keep going on foot. Guillem was the first to get down and help the others do so.
“And now what?” Edward asked very tired.
“We need to climb up to the Veracruz avenue and follow it to the Talmac hotel and from there to Santa Ines. Let's go!” Said Guillem trying to show himself as full of energy even though all of them new it was a lie.
Cristobal, Xavier, Maria and Tom managed to climb up to the Veracruz avenue quite easily, but Guillem and the others were having a lot of difficulty doing it, in particular with Roberto who was still was quite weak and kept dragging them down. Guillem thought the guys would help them from above the slope, but instead he heard someone saying “We have some Cabristas here, we are under attack!”, followed by a few screams and gun shots. 
Roberto managed to hide under the bridge while Guillem helped Edward and Lucio climb up to help the others. After they were up, Guillem tried to do it himself, but the side of the river was quite wet and he kept sliding down every time, his heart shrinking with every gun shot as he kept expecting to maybe find one of his friends shot dead without him having been able to help them.
Already desperate he got as far away as he could and ran toward the slope trying to use the impulse to help him climb it, this time he managed to climb a couple meters, but the land gave away under him and made him fall one more time, the stone and dirt that came down with him destroyed the narrow ledge he was going to fall into which made him fall even further, all the way down into the river hitting his head in the process with a few trash cans stuck in the edge of the river. 
The strength of the water current dragged him down river, he tried swimming to safety, but the continuous hits he kept receiving from the rubbish floating in the river plus the strength of the water current kept dragging him despite his best efforts. After his many tries he finally managed to hold onto something and felt how it began pulling him toward the side of the river, when he was finally able to open his eyes he saw how Roberto was holding the other side of the pole he was holding onto and was spending every bit of strength he had left in his body to save him, but the river was too strong and Roberto was visibly weak, he almost fell into the river a few times, but managed to recover his equilibrium again every time. Guillem gave him and his friends his silent blessing and let go of the pole.
He was still conscious for what seemed like and eternity, being hit once and again by rubbish and swallowing the stinking water until finally everything was dark and he lost consciousness.

A different darkness
Guillem regained consciousness. He was still being dragged by the river and feeling as he drowned once again, the water and rubbish invading his body, but when it was finally over and he lost consciousness it just started once again, and again many times more until finally something different happened. He felt hunger, so much hunger. 
Guillem slowly opened his eyes, he was hungry. His body felt different, as if it was numb and rigid. He was in a tiny room illuminated by a small lamp next to him, the walls were made of grey stone blocks and there were no windows anywhere, only one door made of iron which seemed as if it could only be opened from the outside since it lacked a knob. He slowly got up, he was leaning down in a single bed with a metal frame and an old mattress. Someone had washed him completely and put some rustic, but clean clothes on him.
“Hello? Is somebody here?” He said as he got up, his body still feeling too rigid. His skin was all wrinkled which he thought was normal after drowning in the Guaire river. He yelled as he walked to the door. “HELLO! I AM AWAKE! WHERE AM I!” And he started hitting the door with all his strength.
It finally opened and a young woman came in. She was about 16 years old with long blonde hair and skin as white as milk, she was only dressed with sexy underwear. Guillem immediately thought about her blood and that a girl so beautiful must be so sweet and tasty. He tried calming himself down, decided to close his eyes and think about something other than his hunger, but as soon as he opened his eyes one more time and saw her standing with all her innocence in front of him and blushing, all those thoughts came back to his mind and finally unable to control himself he gave in and leaped at her making her fall to the floor with him above. 
First he bit at her neck with all his strength feeling as he tore open the flesh, but as soon as he felt the sweet nectar that was her blood he could not think about anything else other than drinking it. It was so delightful that he could not remember ever tasting anything more spectacular, the pleasure was as he had always imagined having sex, just better. A lot of blood flooded out of the wound in her neck which he drank happily and in his desperation to get more he kept biting and tearing the flesh of her neck, he could still feel her breathing, but she was not moving at all, she just kept sighing and somehow he knew she was enjoying the experience to the point he was sure he felt her having an orgasm. 
After a few moments enjoying her taste Guillem felt the presence of someone else next to him, he stopped feeding to see who was interrupting his meal and saw the most threatening guy he had ever seen before, he just felt an uncontrollable need to run away from him as far and as quickly as possible, but he was blocking the only exit from the room. He stood up and ran to the farther corner of the room where the mattress was located, he jumping on top of it and stayed quiet staring at the intruder.
“Continue, kill her. Be the predator you can be.” The intruder said, but Guillem did not move at all. He just kept staring at the new comer, trying to intimidate him with its grin.
“Afraid? It was to be expected. Here I will stay until you snap out of it.” Guillem saw as the girl, smaller and more appetising than ever got up and left the room. 
An eternity passed for him, but slowly he felt as he regained his self control. As he did so he could better see the intruder, it was a tiny guy completely covered with a hooded overcoat, his looks were not threatening at all, but still he felt the small guy was somehow dangerous.
As soon as he was able completely calm himself down, he dropped to the floor and started praying. The tiny guy knelt next to him and prayed as well. It was a very short guy of about 160 centimetres, the overcoat seemed as if it was taken from a bad movie of monks, the hood was covering his head almost completely.
“What did you do to me? What am I?” Asked Guillem as he stopped praying and was looking at the blood marks all over his clothes, he noticed as well that his skin was not wrinkly any more and even though it still looked pale it seemed to be a lot healthier. “How is the girl? Who are you?”
“She? She is happy! Her reason to exist is to serve us in everything we need. Food, sex, work, anything. Do you want to ask her how she feel? You do not have to believe me.”
“NO! Leave her alone. What do you want from me? What did you do to me? What am I? Some sort of vampire? Who are you?”
“You are right on that. A vampire is what you are. An immortal. A predator of men. Created by God to be a wolf among his sheep. What did I do? Give you the opportunity to exist forever, why? You were going to die in that little disgusting river anyway and I needed you. My servants were looking over you and rescued you as soon as there were no witnesses. My name is Sebastian Valdez.”
“My friends? Are they all right? Roberto was badly hurt and I do not know how were the others.”
“My people has already taken care of them. All of them are in their houses and Roberto is in the East Hospital, all of them safe and sound. Before you ask, they are crying a lot because of your loss, but that is the way of the sheep, they are emotional all the time. And finally your family is fine as well, crying obviously.”
“I need to see them. Am I your prisoner?”
“No, you are not. Do whatever you have to do and I will not interfere. But remember what you are, your family and friends will not accept you at the moment. My people can take you anywhere you want. Now I am your only family.”
“I do not want your people going with me anywhere and you are not my family. How do I exit this place?”
“Follow me.”
Sebastian exited the room and Guillem followed him very closely, they walked through a long corridor built using the same grey blocks as his room. There were doors on each side, all of them closed and there were many catholic crosses everywhere as well. Finally they arrived to a stair which they followed upwards to what seemed like the ground level of a very large house. The stair took them straight into the house's kitchen which was fairly large, but better described as antiquated, there was another young lady there cooking in her underwear. They kept walking, exiting the kitchen and then into a great saloon with timber floors and antique furniture including an old grand piano in the middle of the place, in the way he noticed that there were a lot of video cameras, they were the only thing that could be qualified as modern technology and finally they arrived to a huge wooden door. 
“Here is the door, leave if that is what you must do. But remember what you are, I would advise you to come back here before 4am so you do not have any sun related risk.”
“Come back? Here? You transform me in some sort of hellish creature against my will and you pretend me to come back here? You must be crazy. What day is this? How long have I been unconscious.”
“Ha! Do whatever you want, go die into the sun for all I care, but let me ask. Where are you going to sleep during the day? With your family? Do you want them to see their son's corpse during the day? You will not look very pretty while sleeping. Do they have a place where no sun will come in? Maybe in the house of one of your friends? We are in Los Samanes, remember the way back here. Put this overcoat and use the hood as you see fit,” he said as he took an overcoat from a coat hanger located next to the door “I do not think you want anyone to recognise you, remember, you are dead and will be declared so very soon. Here take this money and this watch as well.” He said as he give him an overcoat with a hood, an envelope with money and an old pocket watch. “Only one day has passed. By the way, things are still very dangerous everywhere and you do not yet know your full capabilities, so do not endanger us, if you do something stupid like making yourself public I will have to destroy you straight away and clean up any mess you create.”
“I do not care for your security or my life, whatever you want to call it. I will do whatever I need to do even if you do not like it. We will see if I come back here ever again.” Guillem said as he went out of the house and ran away.
Guillem ran all he could, he wanted to cry, but there were no tears in his  dead eyes, they felt so dry, but it did not hinder him at all. The minutes went by, but he could not feel tired in any way, he tried to force his body to feel something so he ran as fast as he could, but instead of getting tired he just kept accelerating all the way to something like 60 km/h, despite the speed he kept complete control over himself. He knew he should feel fear about the speed at which he was running, but instead he felt nothing. At his maximum speed it took him no more than 2 minutes to get to his house in Santa Ines. The streets were completely solitary, in the way he saw many piles of burned tires and destroyed cars which had been pushed to the sides to give way to traffic, some of them were police cars. In Santa Ines there were many houses with their gates, doors and windows destroyed, graffiti and the ever present destroyed cars still parked within their garages.
He stopped in front of the house of a close neighbour, hiding in the shadows and approached his old house carefully. 
He saw people in a close park so he decided to first see who they were. They were in a section of the park covered by a metal laminates roof supported in four concrete columns. There were some deteriorated exercising equipment that was freely available for everybody to use. As he approached he saw four people there, they were Cristobal, Tom, Edward and Lucio. Cristobal was hitting a punching bag frantically while the others were just sitting on a rusty bench staring at him. All of them had a few bandages and seemed to be in pain except Cristobal who although was bandaged kept exercising harder that he had ever seen him do it.
“Come on Cristobal, let's go see Guillem's family. They are expecting all of us.” Said Tom, but Cristobal kept exercising at the same rhythm.
“Yes big buddy, come on.” Said Edward. “You have been there since we lost him. Even your family is worried. You are going to reopen you wounds again, remember what the doctor told you. It does not matter how fast you have recovered, you should not be exercising this much, your body might still not be at its best.”
“Yeah Cristobal. You are behaving like a little child. Our friend is dead, it is not your fault.” Lucio said.
“Lucio shut up.” Cristobal yelled back at them. “Please leave, I do not want to do something I will regret later.”
“Do not be an idiot. You know what is your problem? You cannot hear the truth? Let me tell …” Lucio was saying, but Tom signalled him to stop talking.
Cristobal turned toward Lucio filled with anger, his face was completely red and was breathing heavily. Guillem had never seen his friend so mad. Cristobal started walking toward him and Lucio got up from the bench with a challenging stance while the others just kept quiet waiting to see what was going to happen.
“Get out of here Lucio before I take your head off.” Cristobal roared standing in front of Lucio, his eyes being a head above Lucio's, but Lucio kept staring at him unafraid. 
“You do not intimidate me. Hit me, that will not change the fact that you have to let him go and you have to learn to listen to your friends.”
Cristobal punched with all his strength the concrete column next to Lucio, just a few centimetres next to his head, leaving a large crack in the concrete where his fist hit it. 
All of the present people went pale including Lucio and Cristobal, there was a very tense silence for a few minutes. Guillem himself could not believe what he just saw Cristobal do. 
“Are you ok Cristobal?” Asked Tom. “You cracked the column! How is your hand?”
“Yes I am fine.” He said looking at his fist. “I am not hurt or anything.”
“We better go, let's not talk about what happened here any more. Do you want to go see Guillem's family? They are all reunited.”
“Yes let's go.”
They went out of the park and Guillem followed them all the way to Guillem's family house. Tom, Edward and Lucio were walking very slowly and complaining of the pain they were suffering while Cristobal was just following them in silence.
The lights in his family's house where turned on. After his friends went into it, he approached the kitchen's window and looked inside. From outside the window he managed to see his parents, friends and other neighbours, most of them were crying or engaged in conversation. On the kitchen's table he saw a few pictures of him and many flowers arrangements. He managed to see all of his other friends except Roberto, they had some visible bandages and seemed in pain as well. 
Guillem did not want to see his family sad and he new he should be crying, but he was still unable to do it, his feelings were almost non existent. After a couple of minutes looking through the window he walked away from the house and sat down in a close parking lot to think about everything that had happened in the past couple of nights. He began feeling a lot of hunger after his short race from Sebastian's house to his family's, should he attack someone else now? What if he lost control again and killed that person? Maybe he could attack someone bad, or sick, maybe he could track down one of the gang members from last night and free the Great Colombia from a cold blooded killer. After thinking about it he did not want to hurt anyone, even if they deserved it. He kept trying to force his body to cry until finally he saw as his skin gained a life like colour, felt his blood running through his veins one more time and finally tears piled up in his eyes just as if he was alive. He was finally able to cry as he wanted and so he did for a while.
He kept thinking about what was best to do about himself and his family. To say something to them would probably destroy them, their religious beliefs would never allow them to understand his existence and even if they did, to know about the existence of vampires and who know what other creatures would make them live in constant fear. The same happened with his friends, what sort of life could they have knowing monsters walked around drinking people's blood. And that him, their friend and spiritual guide, was one of them.
Time kept passing and Guillem was sitting in the same place when he heard as his family's house main door opened and people came out.
“Are you sure you have to go? It is late and I do not think it is secure. You could stay sleeping here tonight.” He heard his mother telling someone.
“Yes, do not worry, I better go now. I do not want to cause any problems to you in a moment like this.“
“Thank you for coming, you are a sweet girl. Even in a moment like this, the things you told us about our son were wonderful to hear. He grew up to be a great man.“
“I will never forget him. What he did in the CUGC saved my life.” The girl said as she walked away from the house. “Will come back soon to check on you!.” 
The girl went to the parking lot where Guillem was hiding, as she approached Guillem tried to hide better in the shadows, but did not do it well enough to avoid being seen.
“Who is there?”
Guillem covered his head with the hood and kept still, hoping the woman would just leave, but she came directly toward him. He recognised her, she was Lissette, the lady prisoner he spoke to in the CUGC.
“Guillem?” She said very agitated and with tears in her eyes. “Is it you? I know it is you. I knew you were not dead.”
Guillem ran away at all the speed his legs could provide him leaving Lissette standing in the parking lot confused and then hid in the shadows next to the park. From there he saw how Lissette kept searching her surroundings for him and mumbling something, but finally decided to go away toward the highway. In order to get to the highway people from Santa Ines had to take a very long and narrow stair which was surrounded on both sides with very tall bushes, the bushes were usually cut down whenever somebody got robbed there, but other than at those opportunities, nobody cared to maintain it properly. All the other roads toward the highway lacked pedestrian footpaths so only cars could use them. She was probably heading that way to see if she could find a bus or at least a cab.
It had just passed a few minutes after she started going downstairs, when he heard her scream. Guillem approached the stairs quickly and saw two very skinny teenagers with deteriorated clothes and a flashlight trying to subdue Lissette. Without thinking it twice Guillem went running down stairs as he took out his pistol and screamed “Leave her alone!”.
One of the thugs pointed the flashlight directly at Guillem's face which was still partially covered by the hood. The other one was still wrestling with Lissette.
As soon as Guillem saw the flashlight pointing to his face he fired his pistol at the thug grazing him just under his right shoulder. Both of them threw themselves to the floor as soon as he fired and started yelling “Please forgive us, we will not do it again! Do not kill us!”.
The view and smell of the blood coming out from the thug's wound caused a really strong desire in Guillem. It extremely intensified his hunger, he could smell its sweetness filling him with the need to run toward the thug, to bite and tear all the meat out of his bones and drink his blood until there was not one drop left in him. After struggling for a few seconds with his thoughts he finally managed to control himself and pushed those dark desires away.
“Go away! And I do NOT want to see you around her ever again!” Guillem said.
The thugs ran down stairs, but when Guillem was about to talk to Lissette he heard more people approaching from upstairs.
“Lissette, are you ok?” He heard his mother yelling from upstairs.
“Yes Ms. Pinero, we are coming up…” Guillem interrupted her.
“You cannot tell anyone that I am here, nobody! Please.”
“What? Why?”
“I cannot explain.” Guillem said as he jumped out of the stairs and hid between the bushes surrounding it.
“I will not tell them, but only if I can see you later tonight. What do you say if we meet in one hour in Las Mercedes? In the Cachapa de Oro restaurant?”
“Ok, see you there.”
Guillem waited a few minutes as Lissette went up again. When everything was quiet he went downstairs and walked toward Las Mercedes. On the way he saw many working crews trying to remove all the rubbish accumulated from last night's revolt which included the odd burned car and a lot of burned tires. In Las Mercedes he saw many destroyed nightclubs, but all the others were open and working normally, in fact they were full of people drinking as if nothing ever happened in the city. He saw a lot of pickup trucks loaded with people wearing red shirts and red flags going around the place screaming slogans in favour of Cabrera. 
He arrived to the Cachapa de Oro just a few minutes before Lissette. Sat down in the most far away table he could find and ordered a cachapa with hand cheese and a rock melon juice. Lissette arrived a few minutes late, approached the table and sat down.
“Guillem! I cannot believe it. What happened? Why everyone thinks you are dead?”
“Because I am dead. It is hard to explain. The Guaire river dragged me for a long time and I remember as I drowned and the rubbish dragged by the river hit me many times until I finally lost consciousness. I remember as I drowned and the taste of that disgusting water. The rubbish invading my body every time I tried to breathe, but it not only happened once it happened many times, as if you were repeating a movie over and over again. But then I opened my eyes and I was in a little room. My body felt different. It still feels different, it feels numb. There I met the guy that rescued me and explained all that happened. Now I am some sort of vampire or something like that and I have done some horrible things. I loose control of myself every time I feel hungry or threatened.”
“Ok, Guillem. Whatever you say. Maybe we should call your family, you might be needing help. You look all pale and your skin looks wrinkly and sick.”
“For God's sake. It is for this reason I do NOT want to tell anyone. Nobody is going to believe me. After I fed my skin went back to normal, but now that I feel hungry again it looks like this, as if I dried up.” He took Lissette's hand and put it on his chest. “Do you feel a heart beat? Anything?” Then he moved her hand to his wrist. “And what about a pulse? Do I seem alive to you?” Then moved it just under his nose. “Do I breathe? Have you seen any human being alive that did not need to breathe? I do not!” She pulled her arm away from him. “Touch my arm. Do you feel any body heat? What other proof do you need?” Lissette was just staring at him scared. “In fact I was not even able to cry, not even when I saw my mother crying. It seems that my normal bodily functions do not work normally any more, it took me a lot of effort to finally drop a few tears back in the parking lot in Santa Ines.”
“But all this must have another explanation.” The waiter approached with the cachapa and juice Guillem requested.
“Do you want anything to eat or drink?”
“Yes, a pineapple juice please.” She said to the waiter then after the waiter left. “Let's see, if you are what you say. Can you eat normal food? I thought you would need blood, isn't that what vampires eat?.”
“Yes, I already took some blood from a girl as soon as I woke up in that strange house. As I said before, my skin was all wrinkly like this, but after drinking some unfortunate girl's blood it went back and looked almost is it did before, just a bit more pale than usual.”
Guillem started eating. The food lacked flavour, it was as if he was eating plastic. As soon as he swallowed the first bite he felt as his stomach twisted and the food came rushing back through his throat. The spasm were so hard to bear that he had to vomit on his plate and it came accompanied by a lot of dark coagulated blood.
“I am sorry Lissette.” Guillem said as he put the plate aside. “Excuse me! I am not feeling so good.” He yelled to the rest of the customers. “I have to leave his place.”
“Where are you going? Do you have a place to rest? If you are what you say you are maybe you should hide during the day somewhere safe.”
“That is what Sebastian told me as well, that is the guy that transformed this into this nightmare. He is expecting me back at his house, but I do not want to go there.”
“I am not sure if believing you or not, but you can stay with me if you want. You might just be sick and it would be good if you had someone close just in case something happened. I am sure we can put you in a closet or trunk, I will stay at home the whole day just in case you need help.”
“Well, thank you. I guess you are right.”
“Are you ok?” A waiter asked Guillem. “Do you want us to call an ambulance or maybe your family?”
“No thank you.” He answered and requested the bill.
“By the way, did the news say something about murdered people? Me and my friends saw a lot of corpses floating in the river.” Guillem asked Lissette.
“A lot of missing people was reported, but Cabrera keeps denying everything. A few police officers and politicians were going to say something, but when they were interviewed they just denied everything very nervously.”
“Maybe they were threatened?”
“That is what people is saying, anyway most people is avoiding talking about it now. They are afraid of disappearing as well. The ones still demanding an answer are the families of course, some reporters and the politicians opposed to Cabrera.”
“Anyway, let's leave this place.” Guillem said when the waitress brought the bill. 
Guillem paid with the money Sebastian had given to him, leaving a generous tip and they went out of the restaurant. Lissette lived very close from there, in Bello Monte. It was just 1 hour walking time. When they arrived it was already slightly after 3am.
The apartment was extremely small and old. A kitchen with a small gas cooktop, walls covered with tiny tiles. A small lounge with old and deteriorated furniture and a small bedroom with a queen sized bed, a large trunk and a small closed placed against a wall. There was a small bathroom reachable from the lounge and bedroom. Everything was very clean and tidy.
“We can cover the bedroom window with the closet and you could get into the trunk. I will stay in the lounge and if you need something just let me know. I mean, in the trunk you will not be able to breathe for long, if you are a vampire that will not matter and if you are not then just open it or call me and I will help you. What do you say?” Said Lissette.
“Thank you Lissette. As I showed you I am no longer breathing unless I am talking or actively make an effort to do so. Why are you doing this? I mean, for all you know I might be just some crazy guy that believes he is a vampire.”
“Simple. Because you saved my life when I most needed someone.”
“I did not do anything anybody else would not have done. Anyway thank you for helping me Lissette.”
She hugged him and kissed him on the cheek. Guillem smiled back at her and both started moving the closet placing it against the window and then covering any gap with newspapers and anything they could glue in place. Then the proceeded to clean up the trunk and as soon as it was ready, he squeezed into it. It was very uncomfortable to be in there. They closed it to test the lid and confirmed no light got into it.
“Well, I guess this is it? Will you be ok in there?” Lissette asked.
“I guess. If everything goes well I will tell you tomorrow night.” He said blinking at her. “If not, I guess you will find a lot of dust instead of me, that will be more convenient that having to get rid of a body.”
“Not funny. If you want you can use one of my night gowns to rest. I will wash your clothes during the day so they are ready when you wake up.”
“Thank you. Can you find out in which room is Roberto recovering? I am sure you heard about him from my friends and family.”
“Of course, I will call you mother with some excuse and get that information for you as well as which are the visiting hours.”
Once ready, Guillem squeezed back into the trunk and saw Lissette close it. Guillem yelled from the inside “Remember not to tell a word to anyone!”.
He closed his eyes and stayed there waiting for something to happen. He finally felt as something within him told him the sun came out and his body became rigid and his skin wrinkled even more. As he was losing consciousness he found himself once again, being dragged by the Guaire river and drowning until dead only to repeat the experience once again.
After dying a thousand times in that same river he finally opened his eyes and found himself surrounded by darkness. For a while he did not know where he was, all of his memories were messed up. He stayed there looking nowhere and trying to remember where he was and how he got there. After a while he opened the trunk and sat up.
“Guillem? Are you ok? I heard a noise in there. Can I come in?”
“Yes... Lissette!” He said when he finally remembered her name.
Lissete opened the door and entered the bedroom, in her arms she had his clothes already cleaned up. 
“Do you need help to get out of the trunk?” She said looking at him sitting in it.
“Yes please.” Lissette helped him get out of the trunk. “What time is it?”
“It is just passed 7pm. The night has just started. Change your clothes. What do you have planned for tonight?”
“I do not know.” He said holding his head between his hands in frustration. “Maybe I should go see Roberto, do you have the information I requested?”
“Yes I have it, I must say that your sleep did nothing good for you. You still look... sickly.”
“I feel so much hunger. I do not know what to do about it.”
“Well, if you really are a vampire then you need blood. Right? Maybe you could take it from me.” She said blushing.
“I could not do that to you. I do not want to get anyone else hurt.”
“Well. What about going out with me tonight? A date. Maybe we could catch a midnight movie after you go see Roberto. What do you say? You have nothing else to do anyway.”
“Fine. Meet you there, what about the San Ignis movie theatre?”
“It is a date, see you there.”
After putting on his clothes and the overcoat Sebastian gave him. Guillem called a taxi to pick him up at Lissette's apartment and went to the East Hospital. It was very busy even at that time of the night, particularly the emergency section. He went into the hospital and saw people being cared for on the corridor's floors, chairs and stairs. Most of them had wounds made by slashing and fire weapons. He took the elevator to the second floor where they were keeping Roberto and searched for the room, a few nurses reminded him on the way that visit time would end at 9pm.  
The room's door was slightly open and there seemed to be no visitors at the moment so he went in as silently as possible. Roberto was sleeping and had many bandages all over him, his sleep was quite irregular. Someone must be staying there with him, probably his mother because the couch next to him had a bed sheet, a blanket and a pillow. Guillem sat down in a chair next to Roberto's bed and whispered in his ear.
“Buddy, I am still around. Do not feel bad, you did everything you could, it was my decision to let go off the pole.” Roberto's sleep calmed down and he began mumbling Guillem's name.
He stayed there a few minutes, but then he heard as someone was coming into the room so he put his hood over his head and approached the door.
“Hey, who are you!” Roberto's mother yelled at him. But Guillem just ran past her at full speed dodging her as he went by. Then he ran through the corridor, into the stairs, down the two floors and finally out of the hospital.
After he got out of the hospital he managed to hide in a small alley. As soon as he confirmed nobody was looking for him he tried to run again, but his body did not respond, all he could think about was drinking someone blood to sate his hunger. 
He started looking around for someone, maybe he could just drink a little bit of some drunken beggar. After a couple minutes searching on the alley he heard a dog growling, it was a stray dog hiding behind some trash cans at the farther end of the alley, the dog was just laying down, staring and growling at him. As he approached the dog got up and barked violently, but with a quick attack Guillem managed to take hold of him by the back of his neck, the dog kept trying to free himself from his grip, but as soon as Guillem bit him the dog just squealed and stayed very quiet, enjoying the feeling of having him sucking its blood just like the girl did before. The taste was not as good as the blood from the little girl in Sebastian's house, but it was wonderful anyway, he was about to let himself go and drink as much blood as he could, but managed to control himself and after drinking a fair amount of blood he just threw the dog as far as he could from him. The poor thing hit the floor violently and weakly ran away squealing and with his tail between his back legs.
He called another taxi and went to the San Ignis movie theatre to see Lissette, she was already waiting for him and was dressed with a beautiful pink short dress. After the usual kisses in the cheek they went to see a movie. It felt like centuries since the last time he enjoyed some peaceful time in the company of such a beautiful, sweet and natural woman. After the movie they went to a restaurant so Lissette could have something to eat.
“Lissette, I would like to go see my family. Even if it is from the window. It would feel good to confirm that everything is still fine there.”
“Of course Sweetie,” she said smiling “let's go.”
They took a taxi to Santa Ines. All the way she was holding his hand which made him slightly confused, she was very beautiful and caring, but he did not have any real feelings for her and on top of that he was dead, who would want to be with a vampire? Lately he had seen many movies where people got sexually aroused by vampires, in particular young girls, but it was just stupid, how could a dead thing be considered sexual? So far it had been just one endless nightmare.
It was already quite advanced into the morning when they arrived to Santa Ines. Guillem went running to his house to check if someone was awake that he could see through the kitchen's window and found his parents hugging there, his mother had her head on his father's chest and was still crying. 
“Let's get out of here.” Guillem said with a mad grin in his face.
“So quickly? Where do you want to go this time?”
“Let's go to your apartment. If you still want to receive me.”
“Of course, let's go.” She said in a very light voice tone.
They were going to the freeway by the same stairs where Lissette had problems the previous night, but as they approached it they could hear voices coming from there.
“Do you have the iron?”
“Yes, it is some cool merchandise what Marta gave us, isn't it?”
“Now anyone coming through here is going to pay for our humiliation. I hope the same idiot from yesterday night came around here tonight, it would be wonderful to fuck him.”
“Yes, I would like to open a few new holes in him. The little pussy that egg head opened on my fucking side still hurts like hell.”
“Hide, shut up and let's wait. Someone will have to go to work very soon.”
“Give me a beer.”
“Here, drink it and shut up!.”
Guillem took Lissette's hand and dragged her away from there.
“Wait right here. I will give those two a lesson, again.”
“But you will need me to help you.”
“How do I explain to you that I am dead?” Guillem yelled at her. “Maybe my situation is not so bad and I am able to help some people around here.”
“Scream if you need any help,” she said with watery eyes “I can throw them a few rocks from up here at least!”
“I will call you. Now hide and do not make any noise.”
Guillem carefully approached the slope next to the stairs using some bushes to hide. Once he got to a proper position, he started searching for the thugs which he found hiding on a few bushes on the other side of the stairs. 
He took his pistol and aimed carefully at the chest of the same thug he had shot the night before, after aiming for a few seconds he fired his weapon. The thug tried to cover the blood flowing out of his chest with his hands and then fell to the floor. The other one turned toward the spot where Guillem was hiding and fired at him blindly and missed.
When Guillem saw the blood his eyes clouded, he felt as all the accumulated hunger came rushing back and felt the same primal desires he had been trying to control. All he could think about was drinking all the blood flowing out of the thug's body. He dropped the weapon where he was hiding and jumped down toward the body, falling over it, lifted it as if it was made of paper and then bit him on the neck tearing all the flesh that separated him from his blood until he finally felt the sweet nectar that was mortal blood.
He felt as something cold entered into his chest. The other thug was firing at him and the fire bursts from the gun made him feel even more agitated, Guillem's hunger transformed into anger and now he wanted to just kill him. He let go the body he was holding and then ran toward the thug. He was still firing at Guillem which just stirred his anger even more so he punched the boy once and again directly to his rib cage. His punches were crushing the thugs ribs with every impact. The thug kept firing his pistol and trying to defend himself, but the bullet holes in Guillem's body did not hinder him at all, these did not slow him down or even caused him any sort of pain, instead they just made his rage increase. When the thug finally fell unconscious with most of his ribs fractured, Guillem dropped himself above the body and then kept punching it again and again until finally he crushed his rib cage open. 
Once both thugs were down, Guillem relaxed and took a deep breath of the blood's smell, then he started biting and ripping the flesh from the thugs chest and gorging on the flowing blood. After there was no more blood flowing from the corpse, Guillem went back to the first corpse and  continued drinking its blood.  Meanwhile he instinctively channelled some of the blood to his body's bullet holes, it filled them and then transformed in arteries, flesh and skin again fixing his body.
There he stayed lying down next to the corpses, playing in the blood and flesh still covering the floor. He was completely satisfied and finally regained his self control. There he stayed next to the corpses' remains, speechless over what he had just done, he new it was wrong, but there was no trembling, no tears, nothing. He then sat and stared at the remains, took a wood stick and started moving the remains around, playing with the flesh and other residue. He finally got up and took the thug's pistols and after confirming they were the same as his old weapon he then took the ammunition.
Who knows, maybe he was really a monster in a mission from God, maybe this was his destiny. This desires he felt were a part of him now, maybe they had been buried under so many of the trappings of humanity and he was not a real human any more. His education told him he should be sorry for what happened, but all his body and self kept screaming that nothing bad happened, everything was fine and normal. He looked upstairs and saw Lissette, she was staring at him with tears in her eyes, as soon as their eyes crossed she ran away.
Guillem got up, he felt stronger than ever, his skin was as tight as it was when he was alive. He ran upstairs to pick up his weapon, hid it in his overcoat and then ran toward Lissette, easily reaching and stopping her.
“I am fine, you do have to worry. What happened? Where were you going without me?” Guillem asked her with a very cold voice tone.
“Let me go, you are an animal.” She said crying and pushing him.
“But, I need you.” Guillem said holding her by the shoulders. “What am I going to do without you? Where am I going to sleep? The sun is coming up soon.”
“I do not care, let me go! I cannot care about a beast like you any more. There is something very evil inside of you, you used to be a very good person. I hope the light of the sun catches you!”
“You want me to die?”
“You are already dead!”
Guillem let her go. He stayed there looking at her as she ran away and then started walking without any destination. He could not stop thinking about her words. 
After walking for a couple of hours he leaned back against a tree in a park to wait for the sun, maybe this was for the best. He closed his eyes and waited, but just a few minutes later a car approached at full speed and stopped in front of him, its brakes screeching. It was a Ford Explorer with windows only for the driver and co-driver. The co-driver window rolled down and an older guy with a huge and strong complexion yelled at him.
“What do you think you are doing? Get on board you idiot. Sebastian is waiting for you!”
“Who are you?”
“I am the idiot that pulled you out of the river. I work for Sebastian. Get on board!” He demanded.
“You are not like me, I can feel it. Why should I obey you?”
“Do not make me come down and kick your ass, I have lived over 200 years and I am sure I can give you a run for your money at any time little princess. Get on board! The sun is almost up, you will be safe in the back.”
Guillem got up and entered the Ford Explorer as they demanded. The back section was completely sealed and was barely illuminated with a weak light. He sat in one of the four seats available and there he waited to arrive wherever they were taking him.
A few minutes after they departed, Sebastian appeared in the seat next to him surrounded by a black mist that dissipated quickly.
“You have got to teach me how to do that!” Guillem said excitedly.
“So I see you now want to learn.”
“Some things have happened, this is no longer my world. I either embrace my new life as a vampire or just wait outside for the sun to come up and burn everything away.”
“God has many plans for you. I have been looking over you, I know what you did to those two mortals. Nice job. But you need to learn to control yourself.”
“Yes, I keep losing control. I must admit that I felt a lot of satisfaction out of what happened in the stairs. When I lose control it feels as if I were some huge and savage primal predator that only wanted to hunt and fuck everyone, except when I first met you that I felt a huge uncontrollable fear.”
“You are now a predator and I can see that you are finally accepting it. What you describe is your basest instincts finally coming out. God in all of his wisdom gave us this blessing to remind us of what we are, the perfect predators, beings above every one else. But beware, sometimes unless you learn to better control yourself your new instincts will control you and slowly you will feel less human, once your humanity is lost, it is lost forever. I know it. In order to be the best predator you must strike a balance between both sides of your self, otherwise you will be no more than a hungry guard dog and I will have to put you down.”
“I am happy to be a predator, but I do not want to damage anyone that do not deserve it. Can you teach me to control this?”
“Yes, you will learn. We need to work in your self control. If you wish to be able to vanish from view as I just did I can teach you the most basic tricks to start with and then you can improve from there. I did not hide anywhere, but instead manipulated your mind to think I was not here. I will teach you how to defend yourself, you cannot count on your abilities all the time or you will be forever hungry and you will keep losing control over yourself. What do you think? You will move permanently into my house in Los Samanes, we have your room ready.”
“I agree, are there more vampires like us?”
“Yes, you will meet them over time. But I must tell you that it will not be a good experience, they will feel threatened by you and you by them just like you felt with me, your predator instincts will try and take over you one more time. You will not be able to contact your family and friends from now on. I have no problem with you watching them from far away, but no more than that. Neither can you see the little girl you stayed with last day she is trouble for us.”
Once they arrived, a young girl took him to the same room in which he woke up for the first time as a vampire and left him there. Guillem sighed and lay down on the mattress. Someone had put a bedside table and a lamp in the bedroom as well as modified the door including a knob to open it from the inside now.

Getting used to the dark
When he finally opened his eyes and the nightmares ended he saw a guy sitting next to him. It took him a while to put his thoughts back in order, but then he finally recognised the guy as the same big old person that was driving the Ford Explorer last night. 
“Do you finally recognise me princess? I have been here waiting for your laziness to wake up for a long time now.”
“I do not need to wake up with this bullshit, what is your problem with me?”
“My problem is you!. I have been waiting for over 100 years for the gift you received a couple of nights ago and there you are, wasting it. Now eat and see me outside, we have to train and we have very little time to do it.”
“And what if I do not want to train with you.” Guillem said angrily.
“Then I would have to come back and kick you ass across the whole house all the way to the backyard and I do not think you want your master to see you like that. Do you?” And he left the room at the same time another young lady only using underwear came in.
“And you? What do you want?” Guillem asked the young lady.
“To feed you sir.” She said as she knelt on the floor and extended her neck.
He got a bit nervous, but then did as she was requesting. He knelt in front of her and bit her on the neck. He could feel the sweet flavour of her blood and how she was ecstatic with pleasure. As he kept drinking she started trembling and finally heard a sigh coming from her.
At that point he stopped and got away from her. He noticed how flushed she was. She got up and helped him do the same.
“Thank you master for giving me the pleasure of feeding you.” Guillem was sure that she emphasised the word 'pleasure'.
“Thank you. Do you know how is the girl that I fed from on my first night here?”
“Do you want to see her again?”
“No, just want to know how is she feeling. Has she recovered?”
“She is fine.” She said angrily, but still blushing. “I have to go.”
“Are you ok?” But she left in a hurry. 
He started getting dressed and thinking about the intense pleasure he had when feeding. Having sex and feeding at the same time must be the best feeling of all. When he was finished he walked to the backyard.
At the backyard the old guy was waiting for him with a long sword in each hand. 
“Hello little princess. Let's see what you have got.” He said and threw a sword at his feet.
“But I have never used anything like this.”
“Should I care? Are you going to tell that to anyone trying to kill you? You are now a predator, defend yourself!” And he attacked him with his sword.
Guillem tried to defend himself as he had seen in the movies, but kept feeling as he was slashed once and again. Then he tried using his speed to dodge the attacks which allowed him to hit the guy once, but he kept being cut once and again until finally he felt as his body stopped responding and fell to the floor. 
Suddenly he was back at the river once again, he was alive, but could feel the trash hitting him, the disgusting smell, how his newly gained live was slipping away from him one more time, only this time he heard a voice.
“Hey, princess.” Guillem opened his eyes, he was laying on the grass.
“Hey bitch.” He said getting up. “Last time I fought two mortals they hit me many times with their gun fire, but it did not stop me at all, why did it happen this time?”
“I saw you then, your body is able to withstand piercing damage a lot easier than slashing, that is a reality of your new state. Now cure yourself. Hey you, bring him here!” Two girls came dragging a cart with some guy laying there face down, the guy had his ears covered and was tied to the cart with chains tied to his ankles and wrists. He was trying to break free. “Feed from him, we have to continue.”
“You have never told me your name bitch? And who is this?”
“My name is Alejandro. Do not worry about him, it is just a vagabond we picked up stealing around here, we usually keep a few for feeding and when they are barely alive we throw them away in front of a hospital. He is not able to see or hear you. I am led to understand that his blood is not as tasty as the one from these sweet ladies, but you cannot abuse them so much or you might kill them.” He said smiling at the two blushing girls. “By the way, I hope you understand now how important it is to keep yourself well fed, if you had fell like that and were starving you would not be able to wake up by yourself.”
“By myself? Can somebody else raise me in those cases?”
“Older vampires might do it, but eat now.”
Remembering the pleasure he had on his last feed, Guillem sighed and began drinking from the vagabond. As he drank, he felt how the vagabond's body tensed and he began groaning in pleasure. It was an uncomfortable thought, but he was sure he made the guy have an orgasm.
He spent the next few nights practising swordplay with Alejandro. After training the girls would make themselves available to him for sex, so he would pick one up and enjoy the pleasure of sex and feeding simultaneously. As he expected those were the most explosive orgasms he ever had and it allowed him to practise how to infuse live in his body whenever he wished to do it. He found that four young ladies lived there and both Sebastian and himself had access to feeding from them. He managed to see the first one from which he fed, she was still very pale and was not available for feeding again at least for a while, but sex with her was one of his biggest pleasures.
Finally after a couple of days Alejandro was waiting for him to wake up and said.
“Hey princess. Today we are going to change our routine. This time we are going to show you some gun play, are you ready?”
“Of course bitch. Hey, it have been a long time since the last time I saw Sebastian, where is he?”
“The master is praying and do not want to be disturbed.”
“Should I take my gun?”
“No, I will give you one.”
They went out to the backyard one more time and Alejandro gave him a small box. 
Guillem opened it. It contained what must be the oldest gun he had ever seen in his life. 
“Where did you get this relic from?”
“It is a flintlock double pistol in perfect condition. Nice eh?”
“Nice? Yes. In a museum, maybe I should use my weapon.”
“Little princess, you cannot understand the beauty of that weapon. It has way more history than you will ever have, so stop complaining. Here, this is how you use it.” He said showing him how to reload it by preparing the powder and inserting the bullet and powder down the barrel. “Now let's see how you hide it in your self.”
“Hide it?” Guillem placed it in his pocket, but it was too big. “What are you talking about? If I had my coat I could hide it under there.”
“Sebastian told me you want to learn the basics of supernatural stealth. Hiding something like this is the most basic and useful trick you can learn, you just need to practice. There is more power in your blood than anything a magician will ever be able to do. When you master it, no one will be able to find it as long as it is hidden in your person. Now, keep trying until you manage to do it.”
He gave Guillem a couple of hours to practice and then said.
“Enough. Let's practice some gun play. Follow me.” Alejandro led him to a small paint ball field in the far end of the backyard with a few trees, bushes and other artificial obstacles. “Go to that side. Hey! Sound the bell in a minute.” He yelled to someone. “Be ready to start little princess, I am going to kick you pretty ass.”
“But, we are just playing right? I could kill you, I have already used a gun and I was not so bad, besides you explained to me a gun does not hurt me so much.”
“I could still destroy your hand or shoot you in the head, your brain still works, doesn't it?. Give me your best shot.” Alejandro said smiling.
As soon as the bell rang Guillem hid between some bushes and carefully aimed and fired at Alejandro hitting him. He fired once more and noticed that Alejandro was shooting blindly because he did not know where Guillem was located. Guillem took his time to reload, aim and fire as much as he could while he had the advantage over Alejandro. By the time Alejandro found him Guillem was pretty sure he was quite hurt, it was not long before Alejandro stopped returning fire. Guillem had received a couple of shots, but he barely felt them, he commanded his blood to repair the damage done to his body as he had done before.
“Alejandro?” Guillem yelled. “Are you ok?”
Since there was no answer he got up and started running to the place he last saw Alejandro hiding, he had just ran a few meters when suddently in front of him appeared Sebastian, howling in anger and brandishing a wooded stake, with a quick movement he stabbed Guillem in the chest with it. As the stake ran through his heart his body became unresponsive and made him go back to the same dream of drowning.
When Guillem opened his eyes Sebastian was standing above him with the stake on his hands and a huge hole open in Guillem's chest where the stake was before.
“You will learn NOT to humiliate me in front of my slaves. Now you are in my solarium and I am sure you will enjoy it!”
Guillem was lying on the floor, he tried getting up, but he was chained by his ankles and wrists to the floor, his left arm's fingers were immobilised as well.
“YOU ARE A PREDATOR! Alejandro and everybody else is just game to you, you have to remember that!” Sebastian yelled at him.
“Why did you do that? Are you crazy?” Said Guillem while he forced his blood to fix his body as much as possible, but all he managed to do was improve his wounds slightly before he got too hungry to continue.
“Crazy? Maybe... But you you will learn this lesson. You are my child and you will behave properly, from now on NO more compassion for anyone inferior to you. Neither Alejandro nor the little ladies you are so fond of using for pleasure deserve anything from you. I am YOUR sire and my public image rides with you, I will accept NO LESS than your complete obedience and I demand you to behave like the predator you are from now on!”
“You are crazy, let me go!” Said Guillem fighting to free himself, but he could not break the chains keeping him immobilised.
“See? Can you see yourself?” Said Sebastian showing him a little mirror. 
“No? Because you are no longer a simple mortal! I know you will remember the stake through your heart forever, but I am going to make sure to engrave this lesson on you.” He said as he moved away from him.”
A small door in the ceiling started to slide to the side leaving a small round hole.
“Now you will feel how much fear you are now capable of feeling. You will understand that you are no longer a simple mortal!”
“Do not do this Sebastian!” Said Guillem agitated then he closed his eyes and started praying, trying to control himself.
A few hours passed, Guillem kept praying. Until finally he felt the sun started coming up and a small beam of sun light came through the roof hole hitting a few centimetres away from his left hand.
“You have to be kidding, right? Sebastian? You made me! I am sure you do not want to destroy me now!”
“Let me go... Come on Sebastian! LET ME GO!” The light was about to reach his fingers.
The light touched two of his fingers and it started burning his skin so intensely that he had to use all of his self control to keep all the fear building within himself from overcoming him. He felt as his fingers disintegrated as the sun touched them.
“Sebastian, you made your point! LET ME GO NOW!”
The small door started sliding back and deflecting away the beam of sun light. Guillem felt how his body stopped responding sending him one more time into the Guaire river, alive and drowning, trapped once again in a nightmarish cycle.
Finally he opened his eyes, Sebastian was leaning over him. Guillem felt in his mouth the taste of the most exquisite blood he had tried in the past few days. Sebastian had a small wound in his wrist. He was smiling and for some reason Guillem did not feel mad at Sebastian for the last events.
“Hello Guillem.”
“What time is it?”
“8pm.”
“What day?”
“Just one day after our little discussion, I have one small extra lesson for you. How does my blood taste?”
“Exquisite, I have not tried anything that tasted so exquisite so far.”
“Well, that taste you love so much will make you addicted if you are weak. Another beautiful side effect is that the more you drink it, the more your reason will cloud and you will find yourself thinking about me. You will obsess with making me happy and doing anything I order you to do and only my wishes will give meaning to your existence.” Then his face changed to a demoniacal grin. “I am sure after tasting my blood I do not look so bad to you, do I? Keep causing me trouble and I will force you to drink more of my blood. It would be tragic to have to do something like that though, I want you to keep your independence as much as possible, otherwise you would no longer be useful. I will keep watching you. Now feed and cure yourself. After you do it the girls will take you to see me, I will be waiting for you.”
“What about my hand?” Guillem said looking at the missing fingers on his left hand, instead of the fingers he had a nasty burn.
“Cure the wound and by tomorrow night your fingers will grow back.” 
Guillem got up and saw as two of the girls entered the room pulling another cart with another vagabond, he drank from the guy until leaving him almost dry and then they brought another one, they did this a few more times until he managed to cure his wound which proved to be exceedingly difficult to repair. Then one of the girls took him to Sebastian, in the way he kept thinking about his feelings and what he had just told him a about his blood. He was not angry about last night's events, was that the blood affecting him his mind? Should he be mad instead?
They went down another stair to a second basement, only this time it was what seemed like a torture chamber, there were many machines he had seen in movies and some small prison cells with chained and face down vagabonds, everything was very humid and dirty. In the middle of the chamber he saw Alejandro hanging from the ceiling by chains attached to his wrists, he was unconscious and looked older than the last time he saw him. Sebastian was standing next to Alejandro with a whip in his right hand.
“Here, take this whip and show me you have learned something from our last conversation.” Sebastian said as he handed it to him. “You know what you have to do.”
“Yes Sebastian.” Said Guillem, he whispered to himself “I am sorry Alejandro” and holding the whip in his right hand he started whipping Alejandro's back. The pain made him come back to his senses, but he still did not complain at all.
Guillem kept whipping Alejandro for over half an hour until Sebastian finally stopped him.
“Enough, that will teach him to never let his guard down again.” Sebastian approached Alejandro and cutting a small wound in his wrist fed him a drop of his blood. Now Guillem, go away and enjoy the rest of the night.
Later that night Sebastian send a girl to bring him to a small chapel in the basement where he was praying. When he arrived Sebastian asked his servants to bring in an old television which he turned on, there was a late news show being replayed at that moment.
“The death of the two young boys in Santa Ines a week ago is still causing a lot of commotion, a group of Cabristas as they now call themselves is still manifesting in front of police stations asking for someone's blood. They keep saying that the two boys were completely innocent. Here we have Marta Roca, leader of the Cabrista Movement for the People. Hello Marta, you are live. What can you tell us about what happened with these two young boys?”
“Just that two young innocent boys were hanging around the place, probably playing some innocent jokes and were murdered in cold blood by assassins sent by the imperialist oligarchs from the United States of America to strike terror in us, the innocent and the poor, the real Great Colombian citizens. They are just trying to stop the revolution that is coming thanks to my commandant Jesus Cabrera.” A lot of people kept screaming on the back things like “The revolution came to stay! Thanks to our idol Jesus Cabrera!”
“But the investigation says that they died early in the morning and they had fired weapons. Now, what would a couple of boys from another suburb be doing in a place famous for having the most thefts in all Santa Ines, early in the morning and with weapons?”
“I know what are the investigation results, but do not be stupid, those detectives were bought over by the United States of America to cover the conspiracy. The same as all the police departments from the east of the city.”
“Sorry Ms. Marta, but you do not need to insult me by calling me stupid. Is that all you wanted to say?”
“No, I have more! Be careful traitors to the country and its people! If you are against Cabrera you are against Great Colombian people. The country is ours now and we ARE going to defend it with blood if it is required! Raise Great Colombian citizens! Let's take our country together with Cabrera! Tomorrow morning we will start going to Santa Ines to manifest peacefully. But be advised, if you try to bother us during our peaceful manifestation we will defend ourselves with weapons if necessary, because that is all you understand! Violence!”
“Well, we have heard Marta Ro...” Sebastian turned off the television.
“This craziness has been going on over the previous days. You have got to understand that I did not transformed you into a vampire because you are nice or cute. You have a very important destiny. I guess you have wondered why you cannot access some places within this house? Many years ago, way before you were born, I lived here together with a group of friends. All of them are dead by now. But one of them said that some day you and your friends would arrive, you will form a group just like the one I had many years ago. For that reason and only for that reason is that I am still walking the night instead of going to sleep for a few ages until this stupidity finishes. I do not care what you do with you friends and about this stupid country, what I care about is that you will protect me while I sleep with their help. It will not happen now, but soon enough.”
“Destiny? My friends? What will happen to them?”
“All of you have a wonderful destiny written. But you, you are the catalyst of everything that is to come. You see? Without you they would have changed and died quickly and without meaning, but with you? You will protect and guide them with my help. It has been written and that is why I am still here.”
“And why would they die?”
“Changes. You will see. You have been out of the loop for too long now. Cabrera has already taken the presidency and started making many changes all over the country, he does not know about it, but he is affecting all of us, including other creatures of the night. I would recommend you to go to Santa Ines and be ready to help your friends. Do not believe on these Cabristas, they are out for blood. The Great Colombia you know will be destroyed and rebuilt as an aberration. And everything will be thanks to Cabrera, his Cabrismo and above everything the Great Colombians' stupidity. The people will be separated and weakened. They will fight between themselves just because some idiots got in power.”
“Then we should just go and kill him.”
“Cabrera is untouchable. Right now he is just a stupid mortal with many stupider followers. But if you kill him the door will be open for many other creatures to take his place and power, this is the opportunity all of the them have been waiting.”
“What you are telling to me is too much to digest right now.”
“And there is a lot more, follow me. We have to prepare you to do what you have to do tomorrow night.”
“Before we go, I have been having this constant nightmare. I go back to that darn river and drown once more. Why is that? I though it would stop, but it just keeps happening every time I sleep or I am too hurt to function.”
“Because there is no more life in you. What you are now is a snapshot of the moment you died. You will notice that everything in your body will stay just as it was when you died, all your bodily hair will go back to just the way it was then and it is for that reason that you will be able to regrow your fingers, having said that there are a few exceptions so you still have to take care of yourself. You will forever be what you are now and it implies as well that your mind will be stuck in the time of your death forever as well.”
“But I will end up crazy if this keeps happening, I am worried to go to sleep every morning. And why does it happen when I am hurt or impaled?”
“Same reason. Your mind is free at those times as well and instead of dreaming like any normal living person, you are stuck within your last living memory. We are forever static and yes, many of us do end up crazy, you will have to adapt to your new status or that will happen to you will too. Now let's go.”
He followed Sebastian to a small compartment in the corridor which was closed with a key lock. Once open Guillem saw it contained many weapons from other periods. Like swords, muskets and older pistols.
“Wow, this is really impressive.”
“This is my collection, I have been collecting them through out the years. Here, take this.”
Sebastian took a sword disguised as a cane, a double barrelled pistol as the one he used to practice and a double barrelled musket. Then he opened a drawer and took some more equipment.
“These silencers were custom made for my double pistols and double muskets and this is a telescopic sight with nocturnal vision which has been adapted for the musket. In this bag you will find all the equipment you need to reload them including gunpowder and bullets. Now go and practice what is left of the night, you will need it tomorrow night. The musket looks quite heavy for you, but it will be useful nonetheless.”
The driver he usually saw with Alejandro came to help Guillem carry the equipment and to guide him out to the backyard where he could practice with the musket.
“I can not believe this is the only solution to what is happening in my country.” Said Guillem. “Is this really the only way?”
“The master knows what he does, if he says this is the only way then it is the only way.”
“The master, the master. I agreed on staying here since I am now a vampire, but to shoot and kill people who might be innocent? Where did you meet him anyway? I mean, the master.”
“More than 150 years ago, I used to live in a small town in Spain and the master lived close with a group of friends, they always kept to themselves. One day my town was attacked by a huge group of bandits, by then there was not a lot of security so we had to try and defend ourselves. The master and his friends scared the bandits off at first, then helped us organise and between all of us we crushed the bandits. In the combat I was badly hurt so the master gave me the opportunity to live forever on his side working for him. Now before he goes to sleep, he promised that some of us will be ascended to your status while the others will stay working for you. Anyway, too much talking, let's practice.”
Guillem spent the rest of the night practising with the musket, sword and pistol which was not an easy feat with his burned hand and missing fingers. 
The next night a girl servant was waiting for him to wake up.
“What are you doing here?” Guillem asked as he dressed in black as Sebastian recommended him and then put on the hooded overcoat which had been cleaned since his last adventure.
“They are waiting for you outside sir, I came to feed you before you go on your sacred mission.” She said as she tilted her head showing him her milky neck.
Guillem went to her and drank until satisfied.
“Thank you.” He told her as he helped her get up. He saw how she blushed with his closeness and her legs were trembling. The girl was as sweet as it gets, he hoped he could be able to feel like that again.
Outside of the house the usual Ford Explorer was waiting for him. He entered and it departed, inside was all of his equipment.
After a short trip, the car stopped and Guillem descended. They left him about a kilometre away from the infamous stairs.
“This is as close as we can drop you off, do what you have to do. Remember the master is always right.” Said the driver.
“I will remember that.” Guillem turned around and ran away from them.
He closed in to the stairs using the shadows to hide as much as possible, getting as close as about a hundred metres from the upper entry of the stairs. There was a group of people there, most them with very bad aspect. They were yelling slogans in favour of the murdered teenagers. Guillem kept closing in as cautiously as possible and saw another group of people, he recognised most of his friends and family members there and between both groups were a couple of police officers that grew up in Santa Ines as well, they were very nice and caring officers. 
He went around the place trying not to be seen. Finally he arrived to the most far away house from that block, he climbed up to the roof using the many window screens and irregularities in the walls until he reached the roof and then since all the houses' roofs were connected, he walked balancing on the tiles from one house to the next until he found a proper place from which he could aim at the stairs and defend his people in case of an attack. 
He stayed there waiting, using the musket's sight to see his family and friends, all of them seemed very sleep deprived and still had a few bandages, the only one that was still not there was Roberto who was hopefully recovering properly. Between the group of people from Santa Ines he saw Lissette as well, as beautiful as he remembered her from their date, she would sometimes go talk with his parents and friends.
The manifestation was quite pacific, there was the occasional troublemaker that threatened to start a fight, but the police officers would calm them down very quickly. There were people arriving by the stairs all the time. Guillem kept checking each one of them as they arrived using the musket's sight, he had compiled a small list of possible armed troublemakers which he kept checking frequently.
Suddenly he heard a few shots coming from a small group of people located close to the stairs entry, one of the police officers yelled “all drop to the floor” and saw as both of them hid behind a vehicle and started firing back, one of the police officers was already hurt. Most people dropped to the floor as the officers ordered, but some were running around scared trying to find somewhere to hide. The shots coming from the stairs made a very strong noise, as if the shooters were using some very high calibre guns, they were 4 shooters in total. Guillem started firing at them with his musket, between the police men with their fireproof armour and Guillem's firing support it was not long until one of the shooters was too badly hurt and had to step back down. As soon as they saw their partner back out from the fight, the others ran away down stairs leaving their wounded partner sitting on the stair's steps. Both police officers then started helping the people gathered there to get away safely with some help from Cristobal and Tom.
After putting back the musket in its back sheath, Guillem let himself slide by the roof on the other side of the police men and fall to the ground. Then he ran as fast as he could, getting as far as a couple kilometres in around 10 seconds. From there he kept running toward the freeway using the main road until he saw the troublemakers. He decided to follow them for a few minutes until they reached a red pickup truck that was parked just in front of the El Canaote suburb's entry.
He saw as a guy dressed as the Che Guevara complete with uniform, beret and even what seemed like a wig came off the truck and discussed hotly with the group, he seemed to threaten them and finally pointed at the pickup truck. All of them got on the cargo area and the pickup truck left the place going into El Canaote.
As soon as the pickup truck left, Guillem started walking toward Santa Ines once more using the main road to try and avoid the group of people that might still be congregated above in the far end of the stairs. He hid musket just as Alejandro showed him how to do it, so nobody would think it was there, hopefully it worked that time. It was a good opportunity to think through what just happened. He, a religious guy firing at people. His life, or dead or whatever being a vampire could be called, was reduced to going around shooting and killing people. To run around waiting for someone to attack his family and friends and then to come out guns blazing to defend it? Kill people that might just be confused with all the cheap speeches Cabrera was doing and then feeding from their blood. Even now he was feeling so much hunger it was hard to control himself. 
As he was arriving to Santa Ines he saw as the same pickup truck pass him at full speed, there were many bad looking people sitting and screaming in the cargo area.
Sighing he followed them. To run at full speed again would only make him feel more and more hunger every time, but he had no alternative. The pickup truck went up this time toward the Santa Ines shopping centre, it was located in the edge between Santa Ines and the Los Samanes suburb. Guillem stopped next to some close trees from which he was able to see the thugs.
It was a total of 5 troublemakers that came down of the truck, three of them from the cargo area plus two sitting inside it, one of them was the Che Guevara clone. They separated and each one went to a different shop and started trying to force them open.
Once they managed to break into the stores Guillem hid the musket in the tree and took his pistol. He approached the place trying not to be seen, first he went toward the bread shop where one of the thugs went in, as soon as he entered he saw as the guy ran and hid behind one of the counters, but as soon as he saw Guillem pointing at him with the pistol, the thug just came out crawling and crying.
“Please buddy, do not shoot me! Here, I am now unarmed.” He sad dropping a knife, but Guillem just closed in and put the pistol on his forehead.
“Those bitches forced me to do this, it is not my fault.” Guillem kept aiming at his head.
“Come on, you know how these things are. Yes? A woman comes in and says that we will now work for her and that she has the backup of the president, you cannot say no, can you?” He said crying, but Guillem kept silent and aiming at his head.
“Please! For God's sake!” Guillem shot him.
“God sent me to take care of rubbish like you. You always had the option to say no and be a man.” Guillem said.
As soon as he saw the blood, he could only thing on drinking it, on tasting that divine red fluid. He felt as his hunger controlled him once again despite his efforts to control himself, so he jumped to the still alive warm body and bit and tore the flesh open, and then drank his blood until there was not even one drop left.
By the time he regained his self control the thug's body was completely destroyed. Guillem saw at the remains with a smile and he did not care, this was his new role in life anyway although he knew he had to learn to control himself so he could kill and eat in a more sane way.
He got up, reloaded his weapon and went to the shop next door. It was a small dry cleaning store. He entered it silently and shot the intruder on the back, but the thug moved aside at the last moment making the bullet just graze him on the right shoulder. With an agility that he had never seen before, the guy ran and hid at the back of the store between the hanging clothes. Guillem tried to find him for a while and when he finally did it, he took his sword and charged at him. Somehow the thug managed to dodge his attack receiving just a small cut and ran outside before Guillem could react. Given the situation, Guillem ran out of there at full speed and back to the tree where he left his musket to pick it up.
The thug was bleeding profusely and yelling asking for help, Guillem used the opportunity to take a shot at the guy with the musket, hurting him on the chest before he managed to hide behind a short wall. The others came out of the shops firing at the tree where he was hiding, Guillem fired his second shot at the wounded guy as he received multiple shots once and again, he tried to fix his body as he had done before, he could see the bullets expelled from his body dropping to the floor just next to his feet, but it was too much the damage he was receiving so before going unresponsive he ran away from the tree as quickly as possibly.
He ran as much and as far as he could and finally sat in a shadow in a small green park in Santa Ines. He was starving and had exceeded his capabilities again, his legs were not able to run fast any more. He leaned back against a tree, closed his eyes and waited, trying not to think about anything.
Half an hour later the Ford Explorer arrived and Guillem boarded it. He had to have a talk with Sebastian about the recent developments.
Once they arrived home Guillem looked every where until he finally found Sebastian praying in the little chapel.
“I need to talk to you.”
“Give me a second, let me finish my prayers.” A few minutes later. “I can see you are starving. First, eat.” He called the girls and asked them to bring another vagabond.
The girls came back a few minutes later dragging a cart with another vagabond. Guillem fed from him until he was satisfied and had fixed all the damage done to his body, leaving a couple bullets lying on the floor. He really missed the divine pleasure that was to drink human blood.
As soon as he finished feeding he turned back to Sebastian and started talking.
“This is not working for me.” He told Sebastian.
“What do you mean?” He asked with a very threatening voice.
“I am not a warrior, I can barely use the weapons you gave me. I need more practice to do this.”
“I was expecting you to say that. It have been like it from the beginning. Do you know that after what you did today to them, they are just going to send more people with bigger weapons? You have to destroy the head of the group to buy your suburb some time while you get to understand your new powers.”
“And how am I supposed to do that? Magic? Today I saw a guy dressed like the Che Guevara, he was bossing the thugs around.”
“Then he is your target. Follow him, see what he does and then find out the best way to take him out.”
“And how can I follow him? I still do not know how to hide like you and besides I am basically dead during the day.”
“You ARE dead and how you do it is your problem. I will provide you with any resources you need. But you have to learn not to depend on me to know what to do or how to do it.”
“Hmm. I am perfectly capable of doing it by myself. Thank you for nothing! Tomorrow tell your people to drop me off in the freeway, on the entrance to the suburb El Canaote and tell Alejandro to go see me later tonight.” Guillem turned around and left the place.
He went straight to the armoury to get more ammunition and then went to his room to keep practising how to hide objects on himself, the ability would be helpful the next night. He saw the same blond girl with milky skin he had met on his first night there walking through the corridor in her sexy underwear as usual and called her.
“Hey, sweety, can you come?”
“Of course master.”
“Do not call me like that, the only master is God.” 
“And Sebastian and now you. You are Gods, you are immortal.”
“You are really lost, don't you? Anyway, be happy. I hid something on myself, a pistol. Can you find it?”
She began touching his body and he felt as her hands went straight down to his penis. 
“Hey! I am talking about a real pistol.”
“I am sorry master, I just thought.” She kept touching him all over his body, even placing her hands on the pistol, but finally she said “No master, I cannot find it.”
“You sure? You even touched it.”
“Hmm. No, nothing.” She said searching again.
“Well, I have learned to do this right then.”
“Do you want something else from me master? I can feed you or maybe I can offer some sex?” She said blushing.
“No girl. Now leave.”
“I hope I did not bother you.” She said falling on her knees with tears on her eyes.
“No sweet child.” Guillem told her as he knelt in front of her. “I did not want to make you feel bad.” He took her face holding it within his hands. “I just want to be alone by now, can you tell me your name?”
“Monica.” She said crying. “May I kiss your hands?”
“You can call me Guillem.” He answered Guillem as he kissed her in her forehead. “I am not your master, I am your friend. But this is between us, ok?”
Monica got up with a huge smile and ran away. Guillem smiled impressed with these girls innocence. He had seen so much innocence in only a few religious people he had met and his friends of course. He got up from the floor, took his weapon out and left it on the bedside table, changed his clothes and lay down on his bed. The sun was about to come out, he was starting to get agitated.
“Hey little princess, may I come in?” Alejandro said from just outside his room, he still looked older, but was otherwise completely recovered.
“Of course bitch, how are you feeling?”
“Obviously fine, why should I be otherwise?” He said blinking his right eye.
“Ok, so be it. I need you to do something for me during the day. There is a guy I saw tonight dressed as Che Guevara close to El Canaote. I need you to stay around the place and see if you can find him, maybe even follow him. I will need any information you can have for me by tomorrow night.”
“I have no problem, but El Canaote is outside of our territory, none of us is allowed to go in there. I am happy to stay close to the entry and follow him if he comes out during the day.”
“Fine for me. So El Canaote is out of the territory? What happen if you get out of it?”
“Sorry, the problem is not getting out. Is going into El Canaote, that suburb is another vampire's territory.”
“Can't you get into someone else's territory?”
“No, Sebastian wouldn't allow us. So far they respect ours so we do not want to break the truce.”
“Fair enough. Does that prohibition extends to me?”
“Did Sebastian tell you anything?”
“No.”
“Well, it should apply to you as well. If I were you, I would ask him.”
“Will do it, now leave me alone. I am feeling agitated and need to sleep.”
“Yes little princess, see you later today.”
“See you later bitch.”
The next night he got up, washed, changed clothes and went out. The Ford Explorer and Alejandro were waiting for him outside.
“First take me to the La Guadalupe church. I have a long overdue visit to do there.”
“Yes sir.” Answered the driver.
Alejandro got into the back of the van together with him.
“So?”
“Saw your friend. At about 3pm, he looked all trashed up as if he just woke up, went straight to a kiosk that was selling empanadas and ate a few. Have you seen a lady called Marta Roca?”
“The Cabrera fan?”
“Yes, she picked him up in a small motorcycle and took him to Las Mercedes. They went to a cachapa restaurant and sat at a table, I managed to find a table there just next to them and overhear some of their conversation. They were talking about the commander getting all stressed up with the Che's failure, then she told him he had to make everything right without fault and what might be more important, they agreed he would do it tonight and Marta demanded him to take care of it in person.”
“Excellent, thank you Alejandro. Something else?”
“Not really, from there they separated and our Che walked around vandalising anything he could get his hands onto.”
They took Guillem to the church, it was located in Las Mercedes just next to the high school in which he had studied. He covered his head with the hood and went into the church to pray. Almost an hour later he saw a priest that used to be his history teacher passing next to him and thought about calling him. But what could he say? “Sorry father because I have sinned, in the past few days I died and came back as a creature that goes against anything that is divine in this world. I have shot other people, killing a few. I feed from their blood and consider them cattle.”. He just got up and left the place.
Alejandro and the others took him back to El Canaote's entry. 
“Do you need help?” Alejandro asked him. “What are you planning on doing?”
“I do not think I will need any help. I am planning on taking out only the leader by ambushing him up the road, hopefully by doing it that way I will be able to avoid any major confrontation. Can you lend me your mobile phone? And give me a number where I can locate you just in case.”
“Of course.” He said handing him over a rather old and simple  mobile. “Call us if you have any issue, we will keep doing some rounds around the territory anyway.”
As soon as they left him, he started walking toward a bench and sat there for a couple hours. A few vagrants went by him, but left him alone. Finally he saw as a group of old pickup trucks came out of El Canaote, at the front of them was a motorcycle that looked like a Harley Davidson which was driven by Che.
Guillem got up and ran up the mountain toward Santa Ines, getting ahead of the group of thugs. There he waited on the side of the road hidden in the dark for them to approach. As soon as Che passed by him he ran toward him charging at over 60km/h and knocking him out of the bike. Both of them fell off the cliff next to the road where both managed to hold on from a couple of trees just a few metres downhill and stop the fall.  
Guillem saw how Che hid behind a few trees as he was yelling “Call Marta!” and “What the hell are you?”. Guillem took out his pistol and fired at him, he commanded his blood to repair the damage his body received in the fall. His shots just bounced harmlessly off the trees, but instead Che fired back at him with what seemed like a small machine gun, with the burst hitting Guillem on the left arm.
He dropped the pistol and charged through the trees with his sword in hand as his body kept repairing itself. He reached and attacked Che in one swift movement, but Che managed to parry his attack using a knife he drew. Annoyed Guillem dropped the sword and tried to grapple Che, but he used the opportunity and pushed Guillem back making him fall a few feet down the cliff before Guillem managed once more to stop his fall by holding on to a few trees. Che ran downhill towards him and kicked him with all his strength on the top of the head making him fall a few more meters, landing on the roof of a house of the El Canaote suburb. His body was still repairing itself from all the damage received in the past few minutes and he could hear the bullets expelled from his arm when they fell to the metallic roof where he was standing.
He got up, took his musket from its sheath and aimed it at Che, who was climbing back up. His first shot hit a tree just next to Che's head, but his second shot hit him directly in the back. Che fell all the way down and landed unconscious in a blood pool on the same roof just next to the place where Guillem was standing. 
The view of all that blood, plus his hunger and all the anger he felt toward someone so despicable as to be attacking his defenceless family, made him loose control once more. He leaped at the still warm corpse and began biting, tearing his meat and draining all the blood and life that was left in it. He enjoyed dismembering it piece by piece. Finally when he was satisfied and relaxed enough, Guillem get back his self control and smiled at what he had just done.
The whole roof was covered in blood and body pieces. The blood was dripping down from the sides of it and he could hear people talking below it. Guillem went slowly to the side of the roof to see who was there and found a big group of people which pointed at him as soon as they saw him. A few of them caught his eye immediately, they were predators just like him, he could feel it and they could feel him as well. Guillem felt a huge and uncontrollable fear as these predators seemed to grow in size and become even more fearsome. Guillem ran back to the cliff and started climbing it back up to Santa Ines as fast as he could, after a few meters he looked back and saw as the fearsome predators jumped to the roof he had just left and rushed toward him. They reached him easily as he tried unsuccessfully to climb.
When he saw himself surrounded he turned toward the vampires with the intention of defending himself, but they were prepared and stabbed him with a wooden stake before he could react. As he felt the stake going through his heart, his body turned off and he dropped into the Guaire river once more.

The darkness grows 
Guillem opened his eyes. He found himself in a small unit of about 3 by 3 metres, hanging from the ceiling by very thick chains. A group of three thugs were standing in front of him, one of them holding a wood stake in his hands and smiling. They were covered in dirt and tattoos with white skin colour and dark black dirty hair, all of them were wearing black jeans and biker leather jackets, except one . Guillem tried to break free, but his body was not responding, there was no more energy in his system and his skin was all wrinkled and corpse looking.
“So you are Sebastian's little child?” One of the guys said, my name is Camilo and I am your blood brother.
“My brother? What do you mean? I have no brothers.”
“Sebastian is my sire as well. But I guess he has been better to you than to me.”
“Let me go, I have better things to do that to be here talking with you.”
“We will let you go, but first. We saw what you did with that sad gang leader dressed as the Che. Nice job, thank you for taking him out for us. Come in boy.” A young guy dressed as the Che Guevara came in, he was still cleaning some of the blood from the clothes he had taken from the old Che's corpse. “Say hi to our new and improved Che Guevara, he is going to prove very useful for us now that the position is vacant.”
“You are crazy, you cannot just replace someone. No gang will follow him!” 
“Yes, they will. They only want blood and Marta does not care who give it to her. Now thanks to you, the new Che belongs to us as well. Now, let's proceed with you little brother.”
One of the other guys jumped at him and held him by the hair pulling his head backwards.
“You do not talk to your brother that way, you must respect your elders little brother.” The guy said. “What do you guys think? Maybe we should force his rebel brother to care for his family more.”
“Let's do it. Little brother, after this, all of us are going to be your new family, do you like that?” Camilo said.
“What are you going to do?” Guillem asked trying to force his head free from the guy's grip. 
The guy kept holding his head as the other two approached and cut their wrists open, then they put some drops of blood in his mouth, then Camilo held his head while the third guy did the same. After that they let his head go. The taste of the blood from all three vampires was not as good as Sebastian's, but it was a wonderful taste nonetheless.
“A few more sessions like that and you will be our bitch. And you know what is better? Sebastian is not going to rescue you and risk his territory, he is just a scared old vampire.”
Guillem was just delighted with the wonderful sweet taste of their blood in his mouth and no longer felt mad with these three vampires, surely they would let him go soon, they were three good boys. He just kept enjoying the wonderful taste for as long as he could...

